Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, only my OC. PREFACE I never thought I'd willingly risk my own life for someone else. I had always considered myself to be a rather selfish person, and openly so. I also never thought I'd regret dying the way I was, not because the person I was sacrificing myself for wasn't worth it, but because I knew that my death would devastate more than just said person and my parents. I didn't want them to suffer. It was the reason I was here in the first place. Quite a predicament. I'd also believed that I would be alone for the rest of my human life, that I'd long for someone to understand me but be unwilling to get to know anyone long enough to find out. I had always liked being alone, despite being a twin. It was a new experience and not entirely unwelcome but I had been used to my previous life of solitude, the life where I had been a younger sister by two years rather than an older twin by six minutes, the life that held my new one as nothing more than the partial dream and imagination of a young female author. I regret the idea that my actions would keep me from being with the first person I loved and the first person that loved me wholly in return, that I would hurt him with my actions and possible death because I knew it would destroy him. It wasn't a question of being self centered, it was just a well known fact, but at the same time I wasn't afraid, despite the mortal danger I was in. I had hope and more than enough knowledge and deductive reasoning to believe I would make it out of this alive, just not entirely unharmed. I had hope, something I'd never thought I'd hear myself say, much less think and feel. I was never one for fanciful, pointless thoughts, possibilities, yet I was feeling it now, feeling it wholeheartedly. It helped that I knew the one in front of me would be torn to pieces whether I die or not, but I believed I would be saved on time, saved and saving my twin from the pain I felt and the terror she would have felt in the situation. Of course, having a vision of my ultimate rescue and recovery was also rather reassuring, so yeah, I had some hope that I would make it out of this alive. That he would come for me. That he would save me. I knew he was a better person than he thought he was. I knew he had more control than he thought he did and that he would be the one to help me. It's why I wasn't terrified at the moment, why despite the blood red eyes watching me, why how he stalked slowly towards me like a predator would to his prey didn't frighten me, why his feral grin didn't make me think my life was over. No, I knew that it was just the beginning. Madeleine Hannah Swan had no idea why she was reborn as Bella's older twin sister. She had never particularly wished to be apart of this book, whether to replace Bella or add herself in it. She never really had a crush on Edward or fangirl'ed over Jacob. Sure she was a fan of the books back in middle school, but her love and enthusiasm quickly withered when the movies came out and its popularity went way out of proportion. She thought it was ridiculous, Team Edward and Team Jacob? Screw that, she'd rather claim complete dislike of the entire franchise rather than be lumped in with those psychotic people that called themselves Twilight fans. At first it was pretty cool being smarter than everyone else even if at the time she didn't know why. Of course she wasn't born with the knowledge of a seventeen year old right off the bat. The knowledge integrated itself gradually, or all of a sudden sometimes. As a kid she knew she was different from others her age group and she struggled to act like they would, but she still came off as smarter and more mature. Hey, sometimes acting like a kid pissed her off and some of her 'mature teenage sarcasm' would slip. It got easier the older she got and the more she remembered, but it was still hard, especially when she found she had the same powers as Alice. Hell, she never asked to be able to see the future. Sure she thought it was cool and she, like she assumed most people did, wondered what it'd be like to have the power, but she never openly wished for it. Maddy knew it'd be more of a pain than anything, granted she considered most things a pain or a hassle in her past life. Maddy was glad that she grew out of her similar appearance to Bella, not wanting to look like her. It's not like Bella was hideous, in fact she was rather pretty, not that Bella thought so, but Maddy wanted to have some individualism, to not be seen as Bella's twin and instead just her sister. A sister could be seen as herself, but a twin was always seen as an add on, something that came with the package and while being a twin sometimes had its advantages overall, Maddy preferred being seen as an individual, something she had no trouble with when they got older, when they became the age that Maddy had died at in her old life. Seventeen. While Bella was of average height and weight, Maddy found herself being similar in stature to how Alice was explained, petite; thin, short, but still held the delicate curves that identified her as a female. Overall she was pixie like. Now, Maddy hadn't wanted to look like Alice really, though she admitted she was cute, she was relieved when her honey brown hair(not quite brunette but not quite blond), lightly tanned skin, and forest green eyes were different from both Bella and what she knew Alice looked like. She did, however, also have a short haircut, not because she wanted to be like Alice, but because she had always preferred her hair like that. It was just coincidence. Maddy was pretty happy when she found out she had ramrod straight hair unlike her frizzy hair of her past life because now she could get her hair cut shorter than before without having to worry about getting an afro, so she did. Get her hair cut short, of course. Her straight honey brown hair came across with strong feminine lines that were clipped and structured into a substantial top that blanketed over her left eye and connected with the influence on the side. The other side was styled behind the ear, while extending gravity to the hair above*. Maddy was extremely happy with her haircut and kept it that way, never letting it grow out anymore. It was so easy to style in the morning and washing it was ridiculously quick and easy as well. Fabulous and easy to manage, just the way she liked it. She had also kept many aspects of her past life with her into this one, further separating her from Bella. While Bella was school smart and logical but unimaginative and uncoordinated, Maddy was more physically fit and creative, but was weak in things like science and math. While Maddy wasn't as obsessed with fashion and make up as Alice or Rosalie, she did have a great fashion sense and liked to wear fantastic clothes, making her seem like a fashionista in comparison to her sister Bella. The only similarities they seemed to share was their dislike of attention and their apathetic attitude towards make up. Bella wore no make up at all and Maddy only occasionally wore mascara, eye liner, and chap stick that doubled as lip gloss, bothering with no more than that since it was a pain to take off. Maddy, despite her small dislike of Bella in her previous life, grew attached to her new sister. Obviously, it was rather difficult to hold any negative feelings towards your younger twin sister, but that didn't mean she spent every waking moment with Bella. It would be obvious that Maddy was independent starting at a young age. She had quickly started to save up money, doing chores and odd jobs like pet sitting and helping clean for her neighbors, young and elderly, and also earned money recycling. Renee just thought it was cute and let her do it and since Maddy was the one collecting the money Renee was never surprised with just how much her little girl was making since Maddy usually just replied with 'a lot' rather than telling her the exact amount of money she earned. After all pet-sitting jobs paid well even if it's just a few hours, the minimum she'd earned on them being ten bucks for an hour, though she got more when she helped elderly neighbors with her chores, since they thought she was cute and doted on her. In the end it helped transition her into a part time job at a pet store and steadily earning enough money to buy her own wardrobe and fill her bookcase until it seemed ready to burst at the seams, which Maddy was happy about since her fashion sense would have broken Renee's wallet, especially when she bought goth outfits. Those things were expensive. It also helped her pay for her car, a black Volkswagen bug, her baby, though it stayed in Forks with Charlie. Another difference from Bella. While Bella hated Forks and awkward summers with Charlie, Maddy loved them, preferring the clouds and rain and greenery to the dry heat, the sun, and desert of Phoenix. She had continued spending the summer there even after Bella had put her foot down at fourteen and decided to stop going entirely, a small change to the book when a compromise was made and Charlie and Bella went to southern California for two weeks, not that Maddy cared. It didn't seem to hurt anything. Renee still met Phil and Bella still planned to go to Forks with her twin in 'exile' to give the couple space. Maddy had thought her similarities in abilities and appearance to Alice made her presence there unnecessary. It was a message saying that the plot, the story line, would happen with or without her presence there. And Maddy was fine with that. She didn't feel excluded because she didn't believe herself a part of it to begin with. Immortality as a vampire, while alluring, was easily deterred in her mind when she thought of the Volturi and how they'd love to make a puppet out of her so she contented herself with living a more or less human life, one that she'd be much more comfortable in, economic wise, than in her past one and that alone was something she was pretty happy about. That's right, she was okay with being an extra that went on to live her own life. Not that she didn't like excitement and danger, but smooth sailing was just comfortable...at least that's what she thought she'd be doing, until she got some very interesting visions the moment Bella decided to move to Forks. 1. FIRST SIGHT Renee was driving Bella and I to the airport with the windows rolled down. My clothes were amazingly casual compared to the goth outfits I tended to wear. I wore a red and black striped printed envelope neck top, 1969 curvy skinny indigo rinse jeans and black Ash Boogy sneaker wedges. My navy wool moto jacket was sitting in the seat next to me, neatly folded and waiting for me to put it on**. Bella was wearing exactly what the book said she would wear today and exactly what I had seen in a