Header: Contest entry for Lyrics to Life Contest Title: Broken Road Pairing : No pairing, a Bella story, mixed with Emmett, Edward, Alice and Lauren Mallory Rating: T Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities or song lyrics herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: "Do what you do, say what you say, don't waste no time on yesterdays, cash in your ticket to ride. Don't let them talk you into walking into no one else's shoes, don't be no sucker in line." – Beth Hart. A/N: The opinions of the characters in no way reflect the opinions of the author. -*- Broken Road -*- It wouldn't be the first time that I woke up to the sound of a loud honk as a speeding car passed me by. I sit up in the backseat and pull my legs in from where they've been sticking out the window all night. At the bottom of the car Thirteen sits up, yawning and eyes still half-closed. It's been a long night as usual. Stretching my arms above my head, I knock my wrist into the roof and wince; fucker is all swollen and purple. What the hell happened to it? As I climb out into the warm heat of the summer morning, I try to remember what I did last night. I see the image of another bar in another city as I pop open the trunk and root through my things. I got hammered; that's no surprise. I pull my tank over my head, sniffing through a few other shirts before determining which is the cleanest. Rubbing some roll-on under my pits, I cover myself up again and shut the trunk. I move almost as if on auto-pilot, still trying to remember the night before. I've never had any reason or need to keep my memories of getting wasted so it's not an easy feat for me. I wait for Thirteen to do her business while I lean against the car and run through the evening. I went to a bar, drank free drinks all night, and did body shots on the table by the jukebox. Some dude had his hands down my pants before midnight, but I went back inside after he left. Without getting me off, I might add. Asshat. Tail wagging happily Thirteen runs up to me, tongue hanging out her mouth. I smile and pat her on the head; she's the best part of my world these days. "Come on, sugar, let's get back on the road," I open the passenger door and wait for her to hop in. Ten minutes later, as we make our way down the long road, I'm still trying to figure out my last night. Especially since my fucking wrist won't stop throbbing like a motherfucker. Ouch, dammit. Normally I would just shrug it off and then move on, but this injury is pissing me off for some reason. Maybe because it's more severe than anything I've had since I was a kid; usually I just get scrapes and light-yellow bruises. This new one is obviously more serious than that. Thirteen is yapping happily beside me, singing along with whatever song plays on the radio, as I take the turn off the small country road and onto the freeway. I realize that I have no idea what State I'm currently in and mentally remind myself to check the next sign I come across. It'd be nice to know where I'm drinking tonight. Speeding down the long road is one of the most freeing feelings in the world and it always puts a smile on my face. At times it even reminds me of the first time I got behind a wheel and just drove, no direction in mind. I was fifteen and packing a fake ID worthy of any police inspection. My cop father would be so proud. Thirteen begins to howl, as if she knows exactly what I'm thinking, simultaneously with me finally discovering exactly which State this is. Alabama. Wonderful. As if it isn't bad enough being in the fucking Bible belt of America, it also happens to be the one place where I'm wanted by the goddamn law. Isn't life perfect? Unfortunately I quickly find that I have no other choice; I'm running low on gas and the closest city is Montgomery. Sighing, I look over at Thirteen as if communicating to her that things are about to get stressful. And again it seems she almost understands me as she turns her head and offers me what looks like a sympathetic glance before looking back outside her window. I reach out and run a hand over her back, as a thank you, before my eyes return to the road. Only a few miles left to go before the turn-off. I can't wait. -*- Broken Road -*- "It looks pretty banged up, darlin'. What did you do, slam it in a door?" The question was followed by a chuckle and I had to swallow my first defensive reaction to her words. I really shouldn't hit a nurse. Right? Instead, I counted to ten in my head before answering her. "Yeah, my car door." I had finally remembered the events of the previous evening. Apparently I had been solely responsible for my injury; after drunkenly getting into my seat, I hadn't paid attention as I slammed the door shut and ended up with a busted hand for my efforts. "Alright, then. Let me just go get the doctor and we'll get this thing wrapped up in no time." I sighed as the door shut behind her and leaned back, the gray paper crinkling underneath me. I really hated free clinics but didn't exactly have any other choice. Not if I wanted to keep my hand from someday having to be amputated. I'm sure I'm not exaggerating. This was the second place I stopped in after reaching Montgomery; the first had been a gas station. I still couldn't help but smile as I remembered the infuriated anger on the attendants face as I drove off without paying. He was practically foaming at the mouth, fist pumping into the air and I wondered if it would come out of his paycheck. Oh, well. My foot tapped impatiently on the cot, waiting for the nurse to return; I had to get back to Thirteen before she got out again. Last time it had taken me two days to find her, after I returned to an empty car and a wide open window. That damned intelligent canine had somehow worked the lever. Just when I was convinced that I would be waiting here all night, which wouldn't be the first time, the nurse returned with a doctor in tow. "'Bout time," I grumbled under my breath, immediately holding out my wrist so we could get this over with. The brisk summer wind blew through my hair a half hour later as I stepped out onto the street, a fresh cast on my left hand. Fucking awesome. People kept staring at me as I made my way through the afternoon crowd and I wondered if it was because of the surly frown on my lips, the deathly ice in my eyes, or the shirt I wore. It said something that wasn't suitable for children and let's just leave it at that. When I passed through an area heavy with shops and businesses, it didn't take long for me to notice the billboard thrown up over a three-story building; it was pretty impossible to ignore. And it only deepened my scowl. Why did I have to see this bitch everywhere? And why today of all days? Scantily clad and lying seductively on a lilac plush divan, long golden tresses fanning all around her, lay Rosalie fucking Hale; my half-sister, loath as I was to admit it, even to myself. She was a class-A bitch and so many other, much less nicer, words. I was only two when my mother and her boy toy at the time had the little princess buttercup. And that was also about the time that any memories of a happy childhood disappeared; because I wasn't Rosalie. I didn't have silky blonde hair, icy blue eyes or the complexion of a Nordic Goddess. Barf. Who wanted that anyway? I liked who I was. I liked my long, chocolate colored hair that glowed red in direct sunlight. I liked my doe-ish brown eyes with flecks of gold in them. I absolutely loved my skinny figure, B-cup breasts and freckled, toned stomach. Wouldn't trade it for the world, seriously. But that wasn't special enough for my mother. Personally I think she just liked all of the attention it got her, being the mother of such a beautiful daughter. Let's all forget that Rosalie was anything but lovely on the inside. Even to Renee. My sister's behavior had actually been the last straw that finally made me leave; I couldn't stay in that castle of doom anymore. Not if I wanted to stay as sane as possible. I didn't leave a note because I knew they wouldn't care. I didn't hide from authority because I knew they wouldn't be looking for me. I didn't attempt to disappear because I knew they would pass me by on the street and pretend not to know me. Rosalie the Precious was nineteen now and probably some sorority sister in a college somewhere. She was probably dating some rich frat boy, giggling her days away with a gaggle of equally dimwitted bitches and dreaming of the perfect life. And just as she didn't care, neither did I. Except maybe for the day when I could dance on her grave while waving sparklers in the air. Tired enough as it was, and in an entirely too sucky mood to deal with this right now, I move my gaze away from the billboard and continue walking ahead. Thirteen is eagerly awaiting my return when I walk up to the car; I can see that the window is lower than I left it three hours ago. Silly dog. "Hey, chicklet, how 'bout we go for a run?" I asked and I knew she understood me when her tail started wagging. Instead of driving around for hours looking for a forest that might not be in this forsaken city, I let her out on the sidewalk and locked the door again; it wasn't like I gave two shits about the opinions of other people. And so, starting in a slow jog, we began our trek through Montgomery, Alabama. It really was a fucking gorgeous day. -*- Broken Road -*- Pulling the curtain aside I see that the sun has finally gone down and night has arrived. I smile around my Ace and turn to Thirteen, raising one brow at her. She knows she's about to be left alone for the night; as she is every night. I take one last draw and put out the cig in the nearest ashtray, walking over to the small bed in the even smaller motel room, where I get my bag out from under it. Though broke as I am, every big city has a seedy motel with an even seedier manager who is more than willing to let a pretty girl stay for free. Of course, the fugly bastard is expecting something from me that he's never going to get. That's what you get for not getting paid up front. Fucker. I may be a lot of things but whore is not one of them. Despite what my mother would tell you. After I'm dressed to my own liking I put out some food and water for Thirteen and hand her a treat; she always gets one for being such a good girl and surviving on her own every night. Patting her on the head and saying goodbye, for now, I lock the motel room behind me. Another good thing about what those managers expect