Disclaimer; I own nothing, characters belong to Stephenie Meyer and any pop-culture references belong to their respective owners. I only own the plotline and any original characters I may decide to put into the story in the future. Authors Note; Well, here it is, my new story. I hope you'll enjoy it, both those that are familiar with my old work, like Two Steps Back , and those that are new to me and my kind of writing. Remember to leave a review at the end, I live for them; they always put a smile on my face xD Amber. - December, 2005 - December 28 th , 2005 Forks, Washington The recently beautiful tree stood in the middle of the small room, needles dropping slowly to the ground, one by one. He leaned against the doorjamb, arms crossed, staring at the slightly pathetic sight. It reminded him painfully of his daughter's current state. Scratching a hand across his chin, he narrowed his eyes and pushed away from the doorway. Turning away from the depressing sight, he walked heavily up the stairs and entered the room to the left without knocking first. There was no need. "Bells," he said, despite knowing he would get no response. She didn't even seem to realize that he was there. But from experience the past few months, he knew she was more aware than she appeared. "I want you to come down and help me with the tree. Now." Knowing better than to wait for a reply, he simply turned and walked back down into the living room, passed through and made it to the garage. He got a hold of the empty boxes and carried them back into the house, not showing his surprise at seeing Bella standing in his previous spot. A stranger would have said that she was looking at the tree, but he knew the truth; her eyes weren't seeing anything. "Good, you're here. Help me get the stuff off and packed away for next year," he spoke, handing her one of the empty boxes. In utter silence the two spent the next hour clearing the tree of any and all decorations. Charlie didn't let himself get emotional or nostalgic when his hands closed around the home-made things that his daughter had created as a child. It would only make her current mood more devastating. When the last box was locked up in the garage, Bella turned without looking once at her father and made her way to the stairs. Soon after, he heard the soft click of her door closing and he sighed, rubbing a hand over his chest and blinking away the tears. It was so easy to let himself feel it all, when he was alone. And despite Bella's presence in the house, make no mistake that he was all alone. Had been for three months now. He blew out another breath and walked slowly into the kitchen; he didn't know how much longer he could take this. It was breaking his heart, piece by piece. Leaning against the fridge, he picked up the phone and dialed the familiar number. Looking around the spotless room while he waited for the other end to pick up, he wondered how a zombie could be so clean and orderly. And Bella was a zombie, no doubt there. He heard the soft voice answer across the line and turned back to the fridge. "Renee, hi. I'm sorry about calling so early, but I didn't know what else to do." "Bella," she whispered, her heart in her throat. "Nothing's changed?" They had been hoping that the holiday their daughter once loved so would bring her back out, if only just a little. They were disappointed. "I'm afraid not. I got her to help me with the tree just now, but she didn't speak a word and went right back to her room after. I'm really at a loss here, Renee. How am I supposed to help her?" "I wish I had the answer, Charlie. Phil and I have been discussing it a lot lately and neither of us are any closer to a solution than you are. Have you spoken to Dr. Gerandy recently?" He cracked his back and thumped the back of his head against the fridge door. "Last week, but all he said was that the heavy catatonia from September is still gone, thank God. Physically, there's nothing wrong with her; she's as healthy as a horse. He gave me the number of a shrink, but..." Renee sighed, recognizing his pause. "But if she isn't even talking, how is that supposed to help?" She finished for him. "Yeah," he replied, running a hand through his curls. They had often had conversations like these; they had spoken more in the last three months, than in sixteen years, combined. It was astounding, but Charlie realized how much it helped. He was able to more easily accept that his ex-wife had moved on and found a good man and, in turn, he felt like he'd soon be ready to do the same, as well. But not until his daughter was back; she was his main worry at the moment. Perhaps he could try and talk to her tonight; she was always at her closest to sanity when she had just woken from a terrible nightmare. As much as he hated the way she cried out his name, he would take it if it was all that he could get. And until then, he would just do his best not to break down and show her how much this hurt him. Even if that was next to impossible. -*- La Luna Bella -*- She walked across the parking lot, headed towards the office. The wind blew her hair all around and sent a chill down through her bones. She pushed the backpack up higher on her shoulder and tried not to frown too deeply. She had promised herself to try. Pushing open the office door, she stepped inside and immediately wished she hadn't. Before she could act a coward and walk back out, however, the curiosity in her won out over her fear. He was standing at the desk a few feet away, bent over and talking to Mrs. Cope in low tones. So caught up in his conversation, he didn't appear to notice her standing there. She forced her body up against the back wall, trying to get as far away from this enigma of a boy as possible. Waiting for him to leave so she could breathe again. But it was there, in the almost biting silence, that she finally realized what the two other people were talking about; he was trying to get out of the one class they shared together. His velvet voice was low and persuasive, as he almost whispered into the woman's ear, like a lover would. Trying to charm her to do as he wanted, she surmised. But Bella was listening no longer; captured in the shock of the moment. Why was he trying so desperately to get away from her? What had she done to warrant such disdain and anger? Her eyes began to sting and she ground down her teeth, refusing to let anyone see her tears. Not now. Her hands clenched at her sides as she fought the sudden urge to strike out at him, with both her words and her fists. What was it about this boy that brought out her rare violent side? As she thought and listened, the door beside her opened and a gust of wind flew into the room, rustling the paperwork on Mrs. Cope's desk and swirling her hair around her face. Just as quickly as it began, it ended, as the young student quickly left again, before the door had even shut behind her. It was such a normal event that she would never have noted it in her mind, if not for the response that it garnered. She watched, frozen against the wall, as his back stiffened and he slowly turned his body around. She realized that the glare of utter hatred was in his eyes before he even saw her, as if he'd already known she would be there. And still she couldn't help but notice how devastatingly handsome he was. Stupid girl. The hairs on her arms stood to attention, as she felt her entire being filled with fear unlike anything she had ever felt before. The moment could've lasted forever or a second, for all she noticed, before he finally turned back to Mrs. Cope and she could begin breathing again. " Never mind, then," he spoke, rushed out and almost too fast for either female to capture. "I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." Turning on his heel, and without looking at her again, he quickly disappeared from sight; she didn't even hear the door close behind her. She stared at the older woman before her, eyes wide and shining with unshed tears. No longer able to hold back her emotional response, she just wanted to get this over with so she could go to her car, drive home and lock herself in her room. Where she would finally let herself cry. -*- La Luna Bella -*- Charlie found himself standing in the hallway at three in the morning, waiting for what he knew was coming. It was certainly better than being woken from a sound sleep, by the pained screams and cries of his only daughter. This way he would be prepared to help her the instant she woke. This time he was leaning against the door to his own bedroom, legs crossed at the ankles and hands moving nervously back and forth between his hair and face. He didn't know what to do with himself, to be honest, and it was a bit unnerving to the usually assured police officer. But things were always different when a child was involved. Regardless of the fact that Bella had been eighteen for three months she would always be his little girl, whether she liked it or not. Whether she accepted it or not. His thoughts were interrupted by the shrill scream he was waiting for; he rushed into the room and gathered her up in his arms, as she slowly came fully awake and realized where she was. And just as every night since he left, there was light and understanding in her eyes. "I'm sorry, daddy," she whispered, bowing her head and letting her tears soak into her father's night shirt. "Shh, honey, don't apologize. Just tell me you will continue to try and get better," he pleaded with her. She slowly began to shake her head, trying to clear her mind of the images of her dream. No, not dream... memory . Her throat closed and she found it hard to breathe for a few precious seconds, before Charlie's words punched through the fog. "I am trying, but it's so hard. So painful." Charlie nodded, understanding completely. "Will it help if I send you to a therapist, Bells? Dr. Gerandy gave me the name of a woman who's supposed to be really great, especially with teenagers." Bella wiped the flow of tears away from her cheeks, though more continued to fall. "I doubt it, dad. Not until I'm ready to talk about it, or talk at all," she said, referring to the state she was in during the day. He reluctantly and silently agreed; words he had been afraid to use with Renee earlier. "I have to admit that I was expecting no less. So long as you promise to continue trying, I promise to keep having patience with you. But you know this hurts me, too, don't you, Bells?" She whimpered and squeezed his back. "I know, daddy, and I hate it, but it's not enough. Yet." He smiled, but there was no joy in it, and ran a hand shakily down her