Dior Rob Contest Title: Silver Rain Summary: Sometimes you break the rules. But what happens when the consequences come back to bite you? What instinct will you listen to; fight or flee? Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Prompt used: #5, #6 and #7 -*- Silver Rain -*- The wind blew softly through his hair as he gazed out over the quiet night of the city. His hands were clenched on top of the brick-wall railing to keep from roaming through his copper locks; with the stress currently on his mind, he'd be bald before the morning came. Lights flickered in the background near the door that led out to the rooftop rise, playing with the vision that he saw before his eyes. Her beautiful face. A tender smile touched his pale lips as he pictured her laughter caressing his weary mind. The way her coffee-brown eyes lit up when he stroked the velvety skin beneath her knees, or her stubborn insistence that she could hold her entire body weight on the tips of her toes. She had been the exact right brand of crazy for him. The sensation of movement in his pocket told him that someone had finally noticed his absence, but he let his phone ring, not moving nor reacting to anything but the image of captivating beauty in his mind's eye. He let a barrage of memories assault his tired mind, trying to burn her into his brain so that she would never abandon him again. The first time he laid eyes on her, twirling happily under the morning sun. The blanket of darkness that illuminated her pale, luminescent skin as he met her under the stars for their first date. Her gritty moans of satisfaction as he entered her for the first time. Each picture was scorched into his mind, branding it in their endless love as he forcefully attempted to keep the most recent images away. But it was no use. The first few rays of sunlight streamed in through the cracks in the curtains as they lay intertwined on the bed, simply listening the each others breathing and soaking up as much peace as possible, before it was broken. But someone had to speak the forbidden words. "I have to go," she whispered, her eyes trained solely on his chest to keep from breaking down. "He'll come looking for me soon." Lifting up the hand not attached to hers, he ran his fingers through her soft hair. "And what happens if he doesn't find you?" he asked, already knowing the answer. Brown finally met green, as a tear slipped down her cheek. "Let's never find out," she whispered back, memorizing each plane of his face, as she did every time. When a sigh was let out into the still of the room, neither could have said who it came from, as her naked body rose from the bed and tip-toed across the carpet floors. He sat up and reclined against the headboard, attempting to appear casual, while his heart broke just a little bit more beneath his chest. Green eyes watched in admiration and awe while the soft, pale fabric flowed like silk down her bare skin as she slipped her way into the light beige gown. The jewelry that had been carelessly thrown to the ground the night before, as they had worried only about each other, was now, once more, adorning her lobes, neck and long fingers. He couldn't watch anymore, as she prepared to leave him behind... again. Sliding down the bed, he pulled the sheets with him until he was dejectedly hunched over himself on the carpeted floor below. His back rested softly against the side of the bed, facing away from the sunny window on the other side as he bravely attempted to keep in the tears that were begging to flow. "Edward," her satiny voice whispered, filled with her ache for him. Moments later, he felt a dip in the carpet below him and a sensation of cloth pressed against his naked side. The tips of her fingers traced across his spine, leaving traces of heat and love in their path. "Don't be like this, honey, you know I have no choice," she murmured into his skin as she laid her chin on top of his shoulder. He wanted to reply to her words and say that there was always a choice; that they could be together if she wasn't so scared, but he knew he couldn't. He was scared, too. The hand that wasn't caressing his back came to lay on top of his knee, and he stared down at it for what felt like hours. He'd always been so captivated by her hands; the way they flew about as she told him an exciting story. How they clenched into whiteness when she was upset or trembled with need when he worshiped her body with his mouth. Without even realizing it, he lifted his own hand to place atop hers and turned his head to look into her eyes. She raised her own head from his shoulder and gazed back. There was only love and a touch of regret buried in those chocolate orbs. "When this door closes behind me," she whispered, squeezing his knee tightly. "You will go take a shower, get dressed and return to your apartment." His eyes filled up with unshed tears, as he quietly listened to the words that were meant to be soothing, yet was anything but. "You will go to work in the morning, spend time with your friends and have Sunday brunch with your parents," she continued, her voice shaking with the efforts to keep it even. "You will not pick up your phone every ten minutes and wonder why I haven't contacted you yet. You will not question my love for you. And you will not drown your sorrows in a bottle of Scotch before drunkenly dialing my number and risking everything we have been working toward these past six months." All he could do was nod in response, knowing she was right. It had been too dangerous the last time. She turned her hand around and intertwined her fingers with his before sighing in contentment and leaning her head back against the bed. She didn't want to leave things like this and didn't want this to be the memory he carried with him until the next time they met. "How is work going?" she asked lightly, watching their hands intently, as they moved through the spots of sunlight coming from behind. He sighed and rubbed his free hand over his cheek. "It's fine. Although, one of these days, I really think I'm going to strangle Rosalie." His voice held no emotion as he tried to adhere to her wishes of normality before the peace was broken. She let out a small snort. "What did she do this time?" "Accidentally switched two files around, which almost cost one of our clients his freedom. The judge agreed to an extension at the last minute, though." "And why was she hired again?" He let out a humorless chuckle. "Because she looked great on paper and, during the interview, Emmett leaned over and whispered how much he wanted the chance to 'do' her. I should have known that she only graduated Harvard Law because of her family's money and power." "Well, you know what they say," she squeezed his hand, knowing that this would be some of her last words to him for a while. She wanted to see his beautiful smile. "Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak." It did the trick even if it was just a slight upturning of his lips and the barely-heard sound of his pleased chuckle. Until the next time, it was enough. Within less than five minutes, she was gone, and he was all alone in the room, sitting on the soft floor and wondering when he would see her again. Wondering when her husband would let her out of his sight. It had been another three weeks until they had once more made love, and then that morning scene had been repeated again. Each time they said goodbye, another little piece of his heart broke, but it was better than getting nothing at all. At least he knew that he had her love, if not her hand in marriage or her warm body in his bed every night. That had to count for something, right? His body hunched over the arms that rested on the brick wall as he peered down the side of the tall building, squinting his eyes to try and see the pavement below. It was too far, though, and all he saw was the dim, faraway light of the lampposts and, the yellow beams of the passing cars. A few buildings over, his eyes fell on an ad for a new fragrance, and he found himself wondering if she would like it. Would the smell irritate her button nose, or would she empty the bottle in less than three months? Would she only wear it for special occasions or use it every day? Thoughts like these always hit him when he least expected it. Whether he was sitting in his office going over important files, in the middle of a meeting with the board, Sunday dinners with his family. All relatively normal events of his life were dotted all over with the depression of not having her beside him. And so he wondered what she did. Just as he had done the very first time he laid eyes on her. The night had run longer than he expected, but in the end, it had all been worth it. At next week's meeting, he could now inform the bosses that he had landed one of their biggest clients in ten years. If that didn't put him in the running for partner in less than three years, he was at a loss for what else to do. Loosening his tie, he blinked his tired eyes and gently removed his suit jacket. He was in need of a good night's sleep, but it wouldn't be possible just yet. Dawn was rising in the distance and he had to be back at work in less than three hours. All he had time for was a quick shower, a change of clothes and some breakfast. Folding the jacket over his arm, he put his hands in his pockets and casually strolled through the quiet, early morning, still thinking about his nightly success. He walked past closed shops and restaurants, sobering youths sleeping on benches and the occasional night-worker returning home. He almost felt like whistling under his breath; it had been awhile since he had been in such a good mood. The first rays touched his skin and he felt it heat him up, refreshing him for the start of a new day. As he turned the corner down the avenue, the first thing his eyes fell on was the same as always, that fountain in the middle of the square that was always flowing, regardless of the morning hours. And that's when he saw her. Clad in a deep-blue, satin gown, which seemed out of sorts in the picture she was painting for him, she danced around the fountain square, a bright smile on her lips, and a spark of joy in her eyes. Her hands lifted into the air as she twirled under the dawning sun, stiletto heels clasped in one hand and a cigarette in the other. From the distance, he could not tell the color of her eyes, but he knew that, given the chance, they would enrapture him beyond what anything had ever done before. His thoughts swirled around in his head, new and unfamiliar. Was she a visitor from a foreign land of which she was the princess? Did she hail from a long line of tempting nymphs? Or was