"I've got a bone to pick with you, di Angelo." Percy growled when he saw Nico. He had left Hazel and Frank to talk, even though they had insisted it wasn't necessary. He had noticed the stolen glances and awkward interactions between them from the first ten minutes of knowing them. And now that they were back from Alaska, he had tried to get them out of their comfort zone and into facing their feelings. So he had left in the opposite direction, hands in his pockets, even though it was too hot to be wearing a jacket. His jacket, however, was one of his prized possessions and it was easier to wear it than hold in his hand. The air was warm, charged with a tense energy that he could sense would end up in a storm later. It hadn't rained in days and there wasn't even a breeze to stop the feeling of suffocation he had. He couldn't get enough air and it sent him into a panic, because it felt like he was drowning on dry land. All in all, he was feeling sick and exhausted, and it felt like he hadn't slept it years. All I want to do was to get into my stiff bed in the barracks and sleep for a few days until Annabeth and the others come for me. He supposed he shouldn't have taken the long way if he wanted to get some sleep, but it was too late to turn back now. And that's when he saw him. Sitting on a cliff, overlooking New Rome below. Nico turned at Percy's intake of breath and swallowed at the murderous look in Percy's eyes. "I see you have regained your memories." "You think so?" Percy asked sarcastically as he reached him. "Why the fuck did you pretend not to know me?" "I had to. It's not like I had a choice. Dad told me that it was Hera's plan and I was not to get involved in any way. Don't you think it was hard for me to pretend not to know my own fucking boyfriend?" "You think you had it bad? How about how fucked my life was ever since I was born?" "You're not the only one with a shitty childhood, Perseus. Zeus killed my mother, I lived in a Casino and then you went and got my sister killed-" "Don't." Percy growled, interrupting him. "Don't bring her into this because it wasn't my fault. I tried to protect her, damn it, but I couldn't and I will never stop regretting that. But don't use this against me." Nico's hands tightened into fists. "You had a rough childhood? You were too young to remember your mother and after your memory was wiped, you had your sister and lived relatively securely in the Lotus Casino." "I was put there because my mom died." he growled. "You have no idea what that feels like." "No, you're right, I don't. I don't know what that feels like because I always took the beating so I wouldn't lose her. I never told her that, when she was working her fourth job , Gabe was using me as a punching bag and threatening her safety. And while I was doing that you were playing video-games." Nico barred his teeth at him and narrowed his eyes. "Oh fuck off, it wasn't always like that." "I fucking stayed there!" Percy threw his hands in the air in exasperation before continuing like he had never been interrupted in the first place. " And then I get attacked by my maths teacher, as if being bullied at school wasn't enough, and then I'm thrown into this world without as much as a warning. I was forced to watch, completely useless, as my mom did. Then I killed the fucking Minotaur in my rage." "But Sally is alive and you got over everything. You became the child of the Prophecy. And you didn't lose your mother or your sibling in the process." Nico spat out. "For a while, I thought I did, you ass." He growled. "You still had your sister when your mother died. I had no one left . And oh, I became the child of the Prophecy. Is that supposed to be an honor or something?!" He laughed bitterly. "After all, you did betray me because your father wanted you to be the hero. And no, I didn't lose my mother or my older sister. But I lost people in the war too, and I couldn't contact my mom out of fear that she would be targeted." "I already apologised for that. And you won the war, so everything turned out alright." Nico butted in, seething. His right hand twitched slightly, like one's would when he would reach for one's weapon. Percy eyed it but didn't comment. "So I win a war, hooray, and then, not even a year later, I get taken from my cabin, put in a coma for fucking eight months and Hera only takes me out when she deems fit to use me. Nobody had any idea where I was, my mom thought me dead ." He spat. "And then, I am thrown to the wolves. Literally." "So are the rest of the—" Nico started. "Sure, all kids at Camp Jupiter do the same, but at least they know who the fuck they are! And then I get chased by two Gorgons who have it out for me since I killed their sister, which I didn't even remember doing. And I get sent on a quest to fucking Alaska, the Land Beyond The Gods and I almost get killed there as well. "You should have stayed at camp, waiting for us." "But then your other sister would have died as well." Percy growled low in his throat. "So don't talk to me about having it bad when you have no idea how bad it can get!" "You don't get it, do you? You have no idea what's it like to be so worried for a person that you search everywhere to find them and when you do, you can't tell them anything. You can't, because everything you ever did was for selfish reasons." Nico spat. That was a hit below the belt, but he was angry and Percy was riling him up and he really had no idea what it was like to worry so much over somebody. "Everything I did, I did to protect you, you ungrateful prick!" Percy suddenly shouted and thunder rumbled above. His eyes had darkened to an inky hue and there was so much pain in them that it stopped Nico dead in his tracks and made his breath catch in his throat. "I was the child of the Prophecy so you didn't have to handle that kind of weight." "I wasn't a child, Percy." "Yes, you were, and so was I. But I did everything I could to protect Bianca —for you— but she chose to die to save the quest. And don't talk to me about looking for someone. Have you ever considered what happened after your outburst at the Big House? After you ran away? Have you ever thought that I looked everywhere for you, that I lost sleep and I forgot to eat from worry, that I had nightmares that I had lost you because I was incompetent?!" Nico's response got stuck in his throat at that. He had never known... "I was so relieved to see you alive, even if you were with that ghost and when you thought that plan to keep me safe only to betray me... Even then I couldn't hate you!" Nico's face softened in wonder and all the fight left him. How did he not see it back then, the way Percy had stopped himself from hurting him too bad, had only held him down really. "I did everything I could to keep you safe, you selfish bastard, so don't you dare tell me I don't know what that feels like!" He choked out, angry and hurt. Nico had no idea what to do now, how to make it better again. "You know what? Forget I even said anything." He said after a few seconds of silence. Nico just sighed in reply and shook his head slightly. "Look, how about we discuss everything tomorrow? My cabin is empty since Hazel sleeps in the barracks, and you look exhausted." He suggested, to which Percy just nodded in agreement, his face lined with exhaustion. He wasn't truly ready to let it go but knew it was hopeless at this point to try and make Nico understand. Percy looked out the window at the full moon shining in the sky before his eyes turned to the sleeping boy next to him. Or was he a young man? After all, Nico was only a few months younger than him. He ran his hands through his hair, messing it up more so than usual. He smiled to himself, rolling his eyes at his own behaviour. The effect my boyfriend has on me, even when I'm mad. Nico loved his hair. He enjoyed the contrast of the shaved, coarse hairs on the sides with the raised and long-ish ones in the middle and the softness of it. He sighed at his own train of thought. It was the middle of the night and, once again, he couldn't sleep. As always, the events that had transpired since he lost his memories drifted over his mind like pain-sodden clouds. He was so thankful now that Nico had pushed him into getting the curse of the River Styx. "I would have been dead in less than a month without it." he muttered. He reached over and gently stroked Nico's hair, which lay thick and soft against his head, and slid smoothly through Percy's fingers. After remembering how to use his sword, his days blended together into an exhausting routine: wake up, run, hide, fight the two Gorgons pursuing him, find something to eat, run, fight some more, find a safe place to sleep, and repeat. When he added that to the eight months he'd been comatose, he'd been missing for almost a year. Once he got to Camp Jupiter —looking like a god, from what Hazel told him later— and finally remembered himself, he went on a quest with her and Frank to the Land Beyond The Gods. And he finally came back and remembered everything and everyone. "So now here I am, waiting for the Camp Half Blood-style rescue." He whispered, voice tinged with sarcastic amusement, drawing his hand from Nico's hair as he stirred in his sleep. He ran his thumb over the skull tattoo on his wrist. One thing he was most thankful he remembered was the story behind each of the drawings adorning his skin. He moved his hands to rub at the sleeve of tattoos on his right arm, each one bringing back a hazy memory with a jolt. Strangely enough, the skull, which symbolized his love for Nico, had been the trigger to the rest of his memories. He looked back at Nico sleeping next to him. "Together since the Titan War and marching to a next one, from what the Prophecy said." he whispered and leaned back against the headboard, hand unconsciously moving towards his collarbone, where an owl feather was inked in his skin. Even though him and Annabeth were not together anymore did not mean that she was not his best friend, and the feather symbolizes that. He had realized that their romantic feelings for each other were just the easier option and how much better it was now that they were not stuck in a relationship that sometimes felt a little too convenient. She would always be his Wise Girl, but it was better for both of them this way. His new relationship with Nico had been a sudden blessing, stammered out to him in front of