Strange Occurrences Prologue I have never really believed in love, or rather, I've never really believed in true love. Sure I believed in familial love, platonic love and the love that steadily grows between two compatible individuals -those sorts of loves were clearly visible and much evidence was present to back up their existence. But true love? The sort of soul-deep binding that twins the very core of your being to another and inspires the movement of mountains for another person? Nah, that was fallacy. That sort of thing only existed in poetic tragedies of separated lovers dying for the strength or their emotion, in the destructive fire of passion present Hollywood legends like Gone with the Wind or in the whimsical fantasies of teenage girls, lost in the delirium of their first love. In the real world, no such thing existed. Now you may be thinking what a tragically unromantic person I must be, to have such pessimistic and sad views on love. But don't misunderstand me, I love a good love story as much as the next person, getting swept up in the tumultuous tide of emotions between classic byronic heroes and their fiery lady-loves, shedding a tear over the tragic fate of unrequited feeling. I was just under no illusions that such a thing would happen to me. I suppose my disillusionment toward true love began with my parents, from what I can remember of their relationship they were cordial with each other but not much else. They were like most pureblood matches, an arranged marriage between the son and daughter of two wealthy families for mutual gain and the hope of a powerful heir. On parchment, they were perfect for each other, both from extremely wealthy backgrounds, grey-leaning and attractive enough that any offspring would follow suit. However, in reality they couldn't be more different. They were barely compatible: my father the serious, stoic Englishman and my mother, the flighty, immature French socialite. They hardly knew each other before the wedding and never endeavoured to change that after it, how they tolerated each other long enough to produce me I'll never know. Theirs was a relationship devoid of all the traditional trappings of romance, there were no tender caresses and secret smiles stolen across crowded rooms, no heartfelt sweet nothings whispered under the cover of darkness, nothing. Being exposed to this growing up effectively killed any idle daydreams of sweeping romance before they could truly develop. However the final nail in the coffin, so to speak, came later. Growing up I was a complete and unashamed daddy's girl, my daddy was the best daddy in all the world in my opinion. He doted on me, in his own, rather humourless manner. He let me sit in his study as he went through documents on our family assets and investments, instilling within me sense of duty when he would tell me that all of this would be my responsibility one day. To expand my mind taught me to play chess, using the dramatic campaigns our pieces waged to demonstrate the fine art of strategy in ways my young mind could understand. Lessons on leadership were given through the knotted tangle of advice the pieces would shout up at us and the brutal nature of the game too was utilised to show that sometimes, sacrifice is necessary. He also taught me the rudiments of politics, using well thought out analogies to captivate and instruct on the complex process of law-making. All in all, he did his utmost to prepare for the world and I never doubted that he loved me as much as I loved him. My mother, on the other hand, was a different story. The spoilt eldest daughter of two active French nobles, she was unprepared and unwilling to face to the responsibilities of wife and mother. She had grown up with the very best of the best and expected that to continue. Fortunately for her, the Lemaire family fortune was great enough that she could continue to pander to her frivolous, self-absorbed ways. Spending galleons upon galleons on the finest tailored French haute couture handcrafted out of sumptuous silks and the softest cashmere. She would have ruined a lesser family with the money she spent on shoes alone: the work of exclusive Italian bootmakers and high class Parisian shoemakers adorned her feet. Her jewels were a mixture of goblin-made masterpieces from the family vault and exquisite webs of Tiffany and Cartier diamonds and her hair always cut by the salons of the likes of icons like Vidal Sassoon. She never differentiated between muggle and wizard, preferring the very best of everything, whether that be the latest Dior floor-sweeper or day robes of the finest velvet. I was as much an accessory to her as her latest Louis Vuitton bag. The little blonde-haired blue-eyed daughter she could show off to the other society mothers, a mark of status as much as the ancestral ring on her left hand. She never cared for me any more than what I could bring to her social standing but I loved her anyway. She was beautiful and glamorous, always perfectly made up and amazingly dressed, I wanted to be just like her. Even in my earliest memories she was cold towards me, I was always desperate for what little attention she would give, longing for even the tiniest amount of maternal affection. Unlike other daughters there were no hugs and kisses for me, no one to sit and show my dolls too, no one to dream and giggle over one-day weddings with. She was impersonal and haughty, superficial to the extreme; bitter and resentful being married and saddled with a child so young and unable to commit to either. She spent most of her days wandering and criticising the halls of Evington Place, continuously pushing at my father's boundaries like a badly behaved toddler. My father took it all with admirable patience and fortitude, never rising to the bait as my mother wanted, which probably angered her more in the end. When I was seven years old my father fell ill with dragon pox, at first it was nothing serious, the healers quarantined him off in his own suite of rooms and told my mother and I not to worry. However as time went on they became noticeably more frantic, speaking in hushed tones to each other whenever they were round and exchanging barely concealed worried glances. Eventually he was moved to St. Mungo's for better treatment as the situation became more perilous. Due to the highly contagious nature of the disease and my young age, I was unable to see my father in person and he was equally unwilling to have me see him in such a state. I was left in the care of my disgruntled mother, who unhappy at having sole responsibility of her daughter, continuously complained and derided the abilities of the healers. She frequently either left me with the house elves or dumped me on my Aunt Caroline in London so she could go to some pretentious tea or equally unimportant affair. My mother was rather put out by my father's illness, she had a vested interest in his wellbeing, he had to stay healthy in order to continue to fund her lavish lifestyle and take responsibility for me. With him ill it was her duty as his wife to see to the family affairs, something that although she had training in, she refused to do. She was rather scathing and sarcastic about his illness, believing somewhere in her shallow brain that he had done it to just spite her. I was terrified. My father was my whole world, a seemingly invincible figure who could take on anything from the petty politics of the other pureblood families to the monsters in the shadows of my nightmares with nary a twitch of a fine brow. While my mother was a vain, self-absorbed child, my father was the quintessential Englishman, stiff upper lip and all. He was tightly controlled in all facets of his life and to know that such an indomitable constant in my world was being brought low by something as common as sickness frightened me. It made me feel sick to the stomach, I remember spending most nights crying myself to sleep in the empty silence of our darkened home, paralyzed and petrified that Manannán mac Lir was coming to ferry his soul to the Otherworld. I was a mere ghost of a child by that point, inconsolable and perpetually sad. Aunt Caroline tried her very hardest to cheer me, weaving dramatic tales of her adventures across the magical world, grand stories of strange cultures and archaic rituals. At any other time I would have hung off her every word, wide-eyed with excitement and wonder, but with weeks of not seeing my father and with the healers' increasingly grim countenance, her stories flowed over me like smoke. Nanna Lemaire had been Irish and taught both of her children to keep to the Old Ways, so together Aunt Caroline and I prayed to Dian Cecht for my father's recovery, burnt concoctions of sunflower petals, willow and St. John's Wort for healing and wove together rings of sandalwood, vervain and gardenia for good health and protection. My mother was completely unsympathetic. She had always openly scorned my father's beliefs, seeing them as nothing more than out-dated, obsolete ritual, the kind practised by old crones chanting over stone circles. She berated me for my continuing melancholy and her vicious tongue delivered acidic whips of derision, telling me to get over it and that dragon pox was hardly uncommon so to stop my incessant worrying. All of this was delivered with a contained, angry, frustration –not dissimilar to that of a cornered animal- as her own creeping fears for my father's health bubbled under the surface. Aunt Caroline caught the end of a particularly cruel spout of vitriol once and I have never seen her so angry. She was absolutely furious. Her usual excitable eccentricity was replaced by fierce, focused rage as she tore my mother to shreds in response, citing her uncaring, irresponsible nature as the heart of all the strain my father had been placed under. She blamed my mother for the stress making the disease worse and spat venom about her atrocious parenting skills. She told her that unless she was prepared to grow up and act like an adult for her husband and child she should get out and never come back. My mother's face had frozen in shock, her rouged lips sticking in a perfect O and her blue eyes blown wide. The initial reaction didn't linger long however and I remember her hands clenching into fists, her bright red nails digging equally crimson welts into her soft palms. Her eyes had then narrowed and turned sharp as knives, her whole body beginning to shake with tremors of barely supressed rage and humiliation. It must have been mortifying to her, to be dressed down like that by a woman she saw as a mere annoyance, an eccentric nuisance that had no place in her perfect world. My mother had always treated Aunt Caroline with distain and ridicule, in her eyes she was social scum, not for her blood or any of the conventional reasons but because of her non-conformity. Aunt Caroline looked at my mother, serious in that moment as her brother and said, "Make your choice." " Make your choice." Those were the most damning and horrifying words I have ever heard. To my mother, they must have been the final straw. She glared pure hate at Aunt Caroline, eyes like diamonds shards and aristocratic features made ugly by the raw livid loathing underneath. She spared not a glance to where I was cowering in the corner, fearful that the poison of either of their words would hit me instead. And with barely a moment's hesitation my mother turned on a heel