Okay, so this is my newest story. And this is a bit unlike anything else I've written, but with the same basic foundations. I really hope you like it, and I would like to tell you that this chapter has been EDITED! Finally! I've redone this chapter, it's so very different and it'll change the way the story progresses. So, if you've read this before, please, please, please re-read this chapter. Thank you for reading! Disclaimer: I do not, in any way, own the Hunger Games or it's characters. I do however, own Violet and her family/friends. :) Chapter One: Change "This year, as the 3rd Quarter Quell, the tributes Reaped shall be tributes of another district, and shall face a week in said district. And in addition, to show that even with an alias you are not safe, you must have blood shed from another tribute everyday, or suffer the consequences." That was two things against us, two things the tributes of the third Quarter Quell had to worry about. Not only all of the others, but the fact that a tribute would have to spill your blood everyday or 'suffer the consequences'. I know this sounds absolutely crazy, but I'd rather have just that change than the first one. I mean, our tributes representing another? An outsider representing us? I can't believe they would do something like that to us! The worst thing they could do is make the tributes from District Two represent us. Why? They killed what little hope we had left. We had a small hope in each of us that this wouldn't just be a slaughter for our friends, neighbors, relatives. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark fueled the hope further when they made it to the final eight. It was the first time in years. It also helped that Katniss had the very first eleven as a training score. But of course those tributes from Two couldn't just let destitute District Twelve win just once more. We've only won twice out of seventy-four years. The ending was gruesome. It was so awful that Dad had made Genevieve, Castor, and Pollux leave the room so they wouldn't see it. The final three is always brutal. And seeing those two pieces of hope get ripped to shreds by mutant wolves...well, that killed it for us. And then the aftermath. I used to visit the bakery often, they spirits were usually very high there. But not anymore, as they'd just lost one of their many sons. And the sad thing was, everyone knew it from the start. But hope blinds all logic. And then that little girl. Primrose? Is that right? Yes, that sounds familiar. That girl had sullen blue eyes for such a long time, even now, a year later they haven't changed. The only difference is, we don't see her crying at school anymore. She's just...emotionless, it seems. Just so beaten down by the death of her sister that she can't seem to carry on. And that's what truly rips all the hope from my body. My biggest worry is that one of my younger siblings will be chosen. We've had a relatively decent life, obviously with many ups and downs. Such as losing our Dad just three months ago due to another explosion down in the mines. Most people died down there, my Dad being one of them. He died on my eighteenth birthday, and now that day will mark two special events. One of them devastating, the other just neutral. And now we mark another devastating point in all of our lives. Another Reaping. Only this time, Castor and Pollux are entered into the Reaping bowl. Their names could be picked for slaughter and it'd be all my fault. I'd asked them to take a tesserae each. That's twice each of their names are in the bowl. Castor and Pollux take more after my mother, looking like the typical Seam kids you see running through the soot covered roads. They're obviously like Dad, though, as Mom has to practically wrestle them into their Reaping outfits. I laugh and make my way into Genevieve and I's room. Hearing her in the bath, I decide to skip one this time. It was my last time in danger of the Reaping, and from now on my only worry will be not dying in the mines. And the others. I shake my head and pick up my dress with my soot covered hands, getting a bit on the light cream colored material. I shake my head and discard my clothing I wear for work. It was a simple job down at the apothecary, just gathering herbs from the forest. I slip on the dress and glance at the dirty mirror. The dress is obviously tight against my underfed frame. It's been what I've used since I was sixteen. It's a bit low cut...okay, very low cut. But it wasn't like that when I was sixteen. The dress sort of helps pull out my curves in some places, while in others shows my underfed aspects. It goes down straight in a pencil skirt way to my knees, and has a red ribbon tied around it, tied off at the side. I pull my straight fiery red hair back into a black ribbon, letting it fall to my ribs. Hearing Genevieve enter the bedroom, I step inside the bathroom to wash the soot off of my face and hands. "Hey, Vi, how many times are you entered in the Reaping?" A strong yet feminine voice asks my from the bathroom. I sigh and begin counting in my head. "I don't know. A lot," I finally sigh, never being good with numbers. I hear a laugh from Genevieve and smile. I made her laugh. That's a pretty big achievement, considering what she'd gone through. When Genevieve was two, her parents were caught poaching for the second time and were killed. She was sent to the orphanage and stayed there until we adopted when I was ten years old. That would make her seven years old then. It took awhile for me to adjust to having a younger sister around, but I adapted soon enough. "Don't be late! Violet, get your behind out here and shepard everyone to the square!" A hear my mother's voice call with worry in her voice. I nod, take one look in the small mirror, and head out to the front door. Genevieve, Castor, Pollux and I all walk in a group silently towards the Square. We live on the outskirts of District Twelve, and so the walk to the center will be a good length. The silence was almost comfortable, just listening to each other's breathing. And then Pollux finally speaks up. "What if one of us all gets picked?" He asks, glancing up with his silvery grey eyes. Pollux was always more open about his emotions than Castor was. "Well, if Genevieve get's picked I'll volunteer for her. If one of you do...we'll gather up money to give you the best sponsor gifts ever. Though I doubt any of us'll be chosen, compared to the other kids," I explain, glancing down at the thirteen year old. However, I quickly look at Genevieve, catching her gaze. I subtly shake my head, they can't know about how many votes I have. Soon enough we reach the square, and it's time for us to split up. We all sign in and then go to our allotted pens. I stand in the back with the other eighteen year olds, and hear a voice call my name. "Violet! Oh, you're here finally! Oh I'm worrying so much about you, I mean, what about Genny? And Castor and Pollux and oh my what if they get picked...well I guess only one of them could but without the other twin it'd be hopeless...," the voice trails off in a nervous sputter. And there was Kaz. I roll my eyes and hug the shorter blond haired teen. Kaz was the same age as myself and from the merchant area, her parents running the apothecary. She's had her name in the Reaping the minimum amount her whole life, while I've lost count. She lives an easier life than me, but that doesn't mean I should resent her. Kaz is kind and respectful to me, so I shall do the same for her. "Oh, Kaz, you know we'll all be fine. I mean, compared to the other Seam kids, Castor and Pollux have no chance of getting picked. And me? Well, don't worry," I tell my friend with a slight smile. I turn back to the stage quickly, though, and before she can answer, the escort steps up. Effie Trinket, the Capitol woman with a shrill voice that makes me cringe. This year her hair is still piled on top of her head, but is a mauve in color. Her pencil skirt and blouse match her hair color, and her sickly pale skin stands out from the dark contrast. Her enthusiastic grin is frightening to me, but I don't say anything about it. She shows a video, her mouthing the words the whole entire time. Basically it shows the history of us. There was a war, Panem rose up. Then the districts rebelled against the Capitol, but lost, and District Thirteen was destroyed. The Hunger Games were formed, where a boy and girl between the ages of twelve and eighteen from each district would be put into an arena made by the Capitol. The last one alive won food and wealth for their district, and they won wealth and pride. "-To safeguard our future," Effie finished along with the video. I rolled my eyes, could she really be that dimwitted as to not see what truly goes on around here? Apparently she doesn't, because she quickly moves on to the next subject on the plate for today. "Welcome, welcome, and happy Hunger Games. May the odds be ever in your favor," Effie states into the microphone in a dramatic tone of voice. "Ladies first," Her accent makes it sound horrid, sickly sweet. She strides over towards the glass bowl, and I feel Kaz grip my left hand so tight it most likely cut off circulation. But my eyes were glued to that small white slip of paper in the highly manicured hand of Effie Trinket. Violet Marletta!" My eyes widen as the square goes deafeningly silent. I gulp down and try to get air back to my lungs. How come my hearing won't work?! I try to keep my back straight and forced my emotions down as I step towards the stage. I see looks of relief washed over to semi-clean faces. They weren't chosen, they're safe another year. But I'm not. I see Genevieve in the crowd, right next to where I'm walking. I tap the palm of her hand with my index finger. She knows what that means. I try to suck in a small breath as I mount the stage. Effie looks neutral, pretending to be excited but I can see past that. She knows District Twelve doesn't ever win. But maybe with a different mentor, they might? Well, let's hope so, because I can't afford to lose. My hearing still isn't working as I see my mother in tears and her mouth open, but it seems like she's not saying anything. Then I realize why. Pollux is mounting the stage, tears in his eyes. He's openly crying because a thirteen year old doesn't stand a chance. I hear Effie saying something about siblings as I drop to my knees. I don't mean to, but my knees just collapse under me. I hit the stage with a thunk, and my hearing comes back. I hear muttering in waves around the crowd, and so many tears. Pollux and Mom are crying. And then I hear it. "I volunteer as tribute!" Pollux looks upset and relieved at the same time. I didn't know