The Boy Who Disappeared Black-Hollow, 1083 Godric was six summers old when he first realised he was different. On a bright spring's day, the small manor of Black-Hollow basked in the heat of a blazing sun, illuminating the surrounding landscape with a warm golden glow. Black-Hollow was a hive of chaotic preparations for the coming May Day festivities. The inhabitants of the nearby village who weren't cultivating the local fields were busy readying the food, drink and games that would be enjoyed in abundance. Young maidens waited eagerly for the announcement of this year's Queen of May, whilst wiser heads chuckled knowingly at the antics of their younger brethren, remembering bygone days and youthful antics. At the great manor house, the festivities were not the only demand. Sir Edmund's eldest son William had recently returned from his duties as a page at the royal court. He'd been given leave by the King to briefly enjoy the spring festivities at his familial home, and Sir Edmund had declared a feast to celebrate his son's return. Tall, strong and training to become a knight, the prodigal son was constantly at his father's side, observing the duties of a liege lord that would one day fall on his shoulders. The atmosphere around them was a swirling tempest of rushing servants, loud noises and rich aromas. Although Sir Edmund's household was small in comparison with the great magnates of the realm, these celebrations would be a lavish display of his wealth and pride in his eldest son's achievements. No one would suspect that Sir Edmund even had a second son. Lost amidst the chaos, Godric, Sir Edmund's second son wandered alone and undaunted. He was a small and sickly child and weaved unnoticed amongst the bustling servants like a ghostly wraith from pagan folklore. Despite his head of bright auburn hair, no one detected him slipping away from his overbearing nurse to roam the heaving courtyard. He revelled in the sights and sounds which greeted him, managing to evade notice and slink out from the suffocating serenity of his mother's private quarters. He found no difficulty in passing past the manor house's courtyard enclosures small gate as its guards, leaning lazily against tall spears, dosed in the sunlight. He skirted around the small defensive palisade of earthwork and timber and soon reached a small meadow. He had been here before, a favoured spot his mother and her ladies used to seek refuge in its calming solace away from the bustle of the household. Yet this was not the young boy's destination; what lay beyond the meadow was what held his interest. Creeping through the foliage at the meadow's edge, his short frame hidden by the undergrowth, Godric's eyes widened at the sight before him. The tiltyard was where the half-dozen household knights of his father's retinue practiced their horsemanship and honed their martial prowess. Godric looked on from the meadow as two mounted knights were being drilled. They stood tall in the saddle and performed each elaborate manoeuvre with seemingly effortless ease, although the padded gambesons they wore were drenched in sweat and their wearied arms which held lances, swords and kite-shaped shields alluded to the physical and mental strain they were under. From Godric's position, he could make out the rest of his father's retinue. One was resting in the long grass at the edge of the tiltyard, breathing heavily as he stretched sore limbs. Two more were sparring eagerly with wooden staves, each man testing and advising the other and offering advice even as they attempted to gain the upper hand. The last man was a little distance away, struggling to mount a temperamental and struggling horse. Godric was spellbound. He had dreamed of wielding a sword and riding fearlessly into battle; just like his father. When the opportunity arose, he often listened enraptured to minstrel tales of daring warriors but had yet to see knights in practice, as his sickly health often kept him confined to his father's hall. Eager to see more, the little boy darted forwards from the cover of the meadow, reaching an old cart in which a panoply of training weapons were stacked. Crouching down, he hid unnoticed in its shadows. Godric was grinning as the two knights thundered past him in a skilful, martial dance, grunting with exertion as they twisted their mounts about and a clash of steel rang out as their swords met. He'd never seen anything like it; just like he'd imagined it. His childish eyes sparkling with wonder, Godric realised then that this was where his fate would lead him. One day he would be one of these mounted men, wielding a sword with legendary prowess. However, his youthful wonderment was quelled as a loud shout reached Godric's ears, and the smile slowly vanished from his face as he recognised the gruff voice with a heavy heart. The voice belonged to Siward, his father's constable and closest companion, who was currently observing the practicing knights with a watchful eye. Godric shrank lower at the sight of him. He held a fear of this man and rightly so. Siward was not a mean-spirited man, but he was a giant in stature, standing a head taller than many men and his personality was as hard and harsh as his cold, deceptively brutal features. He intimidated many grown men, let alone a six-year-old child. Godric also knew that if Siward caught him, then he'd suffer a beating and one from his father too. Fortunately, for the moment, Siward's dark eyes were solely fixed upon the training men, advising and admonishing with a voice like thunder and with the skilful eye of a seasoned warrior. For Siward was a veteran of the old English ruling elite, a household warrior to Sir Edmund's father before the King had crossed the Narrow Sea. In those fateful days, Siward had marched against them and had fought at Senlac Hill. His strength and skill were legendary, and it was rumoured he'd cleaved a knight and his mount in two with one strike of his Danish axe. It hadn't been enough to stem the tide of defeat. The invaders had claimed victory, but Siward had survived, staggering away from the blood and chaos, leaving two sons and his oath-sworn lord dead. He'd reached Black-Hollow days later, and had loyally served his Lord's surviving son ever since with a battered pride and a facial scar that would cause the spirits of hell to shit themselves in fear. Godric was right to feel intimidated, but the old man was never unkind and usually ignored the sickly child if Godric was in his presence. His heart hammering, Godric continued watching for a few more moments before deciding to retreat to the meadow. Crouching low, he began to edge out from under the cart, whilst Siward was berating one of the mounted men for a mistake. Breathing a sigh of relief that the old warrior was distracted, he twisted, ready to dart towards the sanctuary of the meadow when something caught his eye. A bright flash of sunlight reflecting off steel. A sword was lying discarded in the grass. Godric paused, staring curiously at the weapon. Glancing back to see Siward still distracted, Godric sped off in the direction of the gleaming sword. As he reached it, he stared down at the blade in wonder. Unable to resist, he hesitantly reached down and wrapped his small hands around the worn hilt. It was sleek with sweat. The little boy's feeble strength did not hinder his efforts to try and lift the sword. He succeeded in lifting the lower end of the sword, but the sword's heavy blade and blunted tip refused to budge. Frowning, Godric tried again, straining with all his strength to no avail. The sword remained unmoving, proving too heavy and cumbersome for a six-year-old child. Growing frustrated, Godric planted his feet apart and heaved with one last attempt and this time the blade's tip wavered and briefly rose from the ground, before falling quickly with a dull thud as the boy's strength gave out. But Godric beamed at his brief success, feeling a wave of pride wash over him at his achievement. This was a sign, a sign that he was born to one day wield a sword just like this. The spell was broken by a shrill call from beyond the meadow. 'Godric.' The little boy stilled and he paled considerably. He recognised the voice of the young nursemaid instantly. The call was repeated again, closer this time. The girl sounded stressed and worried, although nothing compared to Godric's own fear as a harsh voice barked behind him. 'Boy!' Godric twisted around to find Siward staring at him from the far side of the tiltyard, the nurse's shout having alerted him of the boy's presence. The old warrior's face turned grim as a wave of anger rose in him as he noticed the sword in Godric's hands. He took a step towards him, his large hands curling into fists, 'Boy. Come here.' Godric dropped the sword, which landed with a dull thud in the grass. He briefly considered fleeing the scene when his thoughts were interrupted by a shout of pain and shock which drew the attention of all those nearby. 'Shit!' The knight who had been attempting to mount the struggling horse had half succeeded when suddenly the beast roared and flung the poor man away. The knight landed heavily with a cry as the horse suddenly bolted, charging towards Godric. Siward quickly realised what would happen, but he was too far away to physically intervene, instead raising his own voice in an attempt to divert the rampaging animal. But the horse was blinded by panic and continued to bear down on the little boy who was transfixed by fear, eyes wide as this monstrous animal galloped towards him. Godric was dimly aware of a high-pitched scream as his nurse entered the clearing; of his father's men calling for him to move. But the little boy could not move, for his world was thunder, the scream of the beast charging towards him, its eyes wide with a fear that mirrored his own. There was no time left to act, only for Godric to close his eyes and anticipate the collision that would leave his body broken and trampled over as the rampaging stallion finally reached him. Then suddenly there was a loud crack, and Godric felt as if his body was being forcibly dragged and flung to the side. Then silence. Just a sudden, all-encompassing silence. Godric's eyes remained closed, his breathing now laboured with sudden exertion. Oddly, there was no pain, just the gentle caress of the spring breeze. The roar and thunder a few heartbeats ago was gone, swiftly disappearing as if it had all occurred a great distance away. Godric took a few unsteady breaths before tentatively opening his eyes, suddenly realising that he was alive and unharmed. He was still at the tiltyard; only now it lay between him and the weapons cart. Frowning, Godric could see his nurse standing at the edge of the meadow, her tearful eyes wide and astonished, her hand quivering in front of her mouth as if to muffle a scream that had died on her lips. Beyond the meadow and still galloping towards the distant fields was the beast that should have killed him. Godric noticed his father's men staring, all rendered speechless by the miraculous feat. Even Siward had no words for him. As Godric's gaze fell on the seasoned warrior, he found those dark eyes staring blankly back at him in astonishment. A sudden shuffling beside him caught the little boy's attention and he turned to find the man the bolting horse had injured hastily shifting away. There was something different in this man's eyes, something which didn't reflect shock but an emotion that had never before been directed towards the six-year-old. Fear. 'Boy?' Siward said slowly, his