General Warnings: Very occasional/mild language; some fairly graphic-ish violence. (Specific warnings can be found at the tops of the offending chapters.) Complies with T rating standards in its entirety. Feedback Policy: All is welcome! Disclaimer: This is a work of fanfiction set in and using characters from the Harry Potter world, which is trademarked by J. K. Rowling. The quote in the summary is by Richard Bach. Cover art: Screencap from Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone with a generic filter, because I am not artistic in the least. Wrong Choice Chapter 1. A Choice "Lily, take Harry and go! It's him!" James screamed at his wife. Lily stood fast at his side, unwilling or unable to leave him, she wasn't sure—With one shove, James had her through the door of the nursery. "Go! Run! I'll hold him off—" The front door burst open. Bone-chilling laughter reached Lily's ears. She stumbled over to Harry's crib, reaching in— A flash of green light from the hall brought Lily to her knees in a sob. A shadow crossed over her. Lily was on her feet again in a moment. "Not Harry! Not Harry! Please — I'll do anything—" "Stand aside. Stand aside, girl!" His high, cold voice froze Lily in place. He's giving me a choice, she realized. A choice. Lord Voldemort is giving me a choice. Lily had read stories where time would freeze when the main character had a big decision to make. She wished it would now. I can't watch my baby die—but whatever I choose, at least one of my children will die—If I save myself, I can raise my unborn baby—but how can I watch Harry die?—he'll die anyway, no matter what I do—but how can I live with myself knowing I stepped aside—CHOOSE, Lily. Lily's hand flew to her stomach, covering it protectively, as if that motion could protect the tiny human inside her. "Stand aside, you silly girl! Stand aside!" He was raising his wand. Lily braced herself, trying to look away from those terrible eyes. "Avada Ked—" Lily threw herself out of the way. Her earth shattered as she looked back. Harry was reaching up, laughing. "Dada!" he exclaimed. After all, it was always his father who made the pretty lights and put on the silly cloaks to make him laugh. When he peeped up into the hood, though, he began to whimper, realizing it was not his father who pointed a wand at him. "Harry!" Lily choked out. He turned in his crib and looked through the bars at her. "It's okay, sweetheart, Mummy's here, Mummy sees you. Oh, Harry, I'm so sorry! So sorry! I love—" "Avada Kedavra!" "—you," Lily finished, tears streaming down her face. Voldemort began to sweep from the room. Wandless, Lily jumped on him from the back, pummeling every inch of him she could reach. Without a word, he threw her across the room. Lily's head crashed against the wall. She fell limply to the floor. And dreamed. She dreamed of Dumbledore and McGonagall, walking down a familiar street. Privet Drive. Where Lily's sister lived. They were talking softly. Minerva inquired something of Albus, and his answer made her gasp and sob. Without knowing how, Lily knew that Minerva had just been informed of Lily and James' deaths. Lily started at this realization. There was the sound of a motorbike from far overhead. Sirius, she thought, of course. He is godfather, after all. He might be bringing Harry to see Petunia. To...tell her that I'm dead. I'm dead. She had never been in a dream where she had been dead in the beginning before. To her surprise, though, it was Hagrid who landed the bike, Harry tucked under his arm. Lily got closer. Dumbledore placed her son on her sister's step, saying something like—"the only family he has." "That's not true!" Lily screamed. No one took any notice. "He has Sirius and Remus and Pet—! Sirius and Remus! He has them! Don't give my son to them! Don't you dare!" Lily's famous lectures were usually listened to and heeded, but no one even heard her. When the three adults left, Lily padded up to the doorstep and looked down at her son. His sleeping face was as adorable as ever, marred only by a single mark. A lightning bolt scar right in the middle of his forehead. As she reached out to touch his face, the scar began to glow, brighter and brighter and bigger and bigger until— Lily awoke with a start. "I think that's the last of them, Moony," Sirius Black said to his friend, watching a zombie and a princess pad down the walkway hand in hand, swinging overloading bags of treats. Remus Lupin laughed. "You've been saying that for the past hour and a half, and they still keep showing up," he admonished. Sirius and Remus had spent Halloween holed up in Remus' kitchen handing out Halloween candy to the Muggle children who lived in the neighborhood. The beauty of Halloween was that it was the one night a year when the two men didn't have to bother hiding their wizards' attire and items. Sirius, for one, had lugged out his cauldron to fill with candy to hand to the kids. Remus dumped his old Hogwarts hat on a scarecrow outside, and both men were wearing robes and letting their wands sit out on the kitchen table. Sirius ripped open a chocolate frog. (Remus had pointed out when Sirius showed up with them that they couldn't hand out magically animated candy to Muggle children, to which Sirius had responded, "Oh, well. Guess we'll have to eat them ourselves.") "Too bad Lily and James couldn't be here this year," Remus commented. "Harry would really have liked all these costumes." "Not to mention the candy," Sirius agreed. "Even Lily wouldn't have been able to get him to bed with all that sugar." Ding-dong! Remus and Sirius heaved themselves up and walked to the door. "Trick or treat!" exclaimed a group of teenagers in various costumes. Once they had their Honeyduke's treats and were leaving, one boy looked up at Sirius and said "You guys don't look much like wizards," and started to turn away. "Oh, yeah?" Remus asked, eyes dancing. Sirius was deliberately not looking at the boy or Remus. "Yeah," the kid said. "You should put better effort into your costumes next year." He turned and ran to catch up with his friends. Remus closed the door, turned around, and met Sirius' eyes. They both doubled over laughing, tears streaming from their eyes. Somehow they made it to the kitchen and sat down. Just when they began to calm down, they caught each others' eyes again and relapsed into laughter. Suddenly, a silvery phoenix patronus materialized over the table, perching in thin air. In the quick, panicked voice of Albus Dumbledore, it said, "Remus—Voldemort has been sighted in Godric's Hollow. The Potters have been attacked. Sirius has betrayed us all. Find him, Remus. I will take care of the survivors. I only hope that Hagrid will find some." The bird dematerialized. Sirius was on his feet before Remus. Just as Remus lunged for him, Sirius turned in place and Disapparated. He was gone. Remus sank to the floor and buried his head in his hands, all fight burned out of him as fear and horror swept him. The Potter's Home can be found at Number 13, Lion's Lane, Godric's Hollow, England, Sirius thought hurriedly, racing through the sky on his motorcycle. While it was slower than Apparating directly to Godric's Hollow, it could get him closer to the house. The house showed itself to him. Sirius paused, shocked, at the gate. "Dear Merlin," he whispered, staring at the wreckage of the Potters' lovely little cottage. The gate's latch was broken beyond repair, so Sirius vaulted over it and seemed to be running before he hit the ground. He glanced above the house. Dark Mark, Sirius noted with a wild moment of desperation. No. James couldn't be—no. He slipped on the wet gravel, catching himself on his hands and disregarding the cuts he received. The door was hanging open on one of its hinges. The lights in the house were still on. Sirius made it to the kitchen, dimly aware of the supper dishes still on the half-wrecked counter. "JAMES?" he shouted hoarsely. "JAMES?" He tore through the living room. "THIS IS NOT FUNNY! JAMES! JAMES?" Sirius raced up the stairs and stopped dead in his tracks. A lone figure lay spread-eagle on the carpet. Sirius approached with caution. James' face looked up at him with cold, sightless, horrified eyes. "JAMES!" Sirius yelled, falling to his knees and pulling his best friend's head onto his lap. "NO!" he screamed. "WAKE UP! WAKE UP, PRONGS! PLEASE! PLEASE, JAMES!" His voice fell to a whisper. "Please, Prongs, I can't do it without you. Lily needs you, Harry needs you, but I need you, too. Please don't be...don't be..." Sirius waited, but James didn't move, didn't blink, didn't show Sirius his trademark trouble-making grin. Sirius sobbed and threw his arms around his best friend, holding James to his chest and burying his face in James' shirt. It still smelled like that cologne James had been wearing since fifth year and had only just grown into. With this fresh wave of memories came a new thunder of grief. "Prongs," Sirius whispered, "I'm going to check on your wife and baby, okay? I'll be back. I'll be back, Prongs." He lowered James to the carpet and closed his hazel eyes gently. He could have been sleeping but for that unnatural paleness. With much reluctance, Sirius padded up the hall and called, "Lily? Lily?" He pushed open the nursery door, intending to look for Harry. He walked slowly to the crib, terrified of what he might find. Harry lay there, unnaturally still, like a puppet with cut strings. He picked up the little boy and cradled him to his chest, closing those startlingly loving green eyes as quickly as he could. "Padfoot's here, Padfoot's got you," he murmured to the boy. "My godson. I love you. I know wherever you are, your daddy's taking care of you." He laid him back down in the crib and tucked him in snugly. "Lily?" he called again, leaving the wreckage of the nursery. A small noise made him turn back. "Lily?" he asked hopefully. "Lily?" A burned board shifted slightly on the other side of the room. "Sirius?" said a small voice. "Lily!" exclaimed Sirius, bounding across the room and digging fiercely through the broken wood. He uncovered her, shaking and badly bruised, but alive, and wrapped her in a hug. "Lily...I thought...I thought..." "That I was dead?" Lily supplied. "So did I, for a moment. Is James...?" Lily looked desperately hopeful. Sirius looked at her sadly, at a loss for words. "He's dead, isn't he?" Lily's lower lip was trembling, the only visible sign of weakness. Sirius decided he had to say it. "Yes, Lil. James is...dead." James is dead, James is dead, Prongs is dead, my best friend in the whole wide world is dead. Dead. Lily gave a muffled scream and leapt over the junk on the floor to the hall. Sirius followed dumbly. Lily knelt next to her husband. She took his hand in both of hers and lay down next to him with her head on his chest. She lay there like that for a few everlasting minutes. Then she sat up, leaned down and kissed James on the lips for a long moment. She whispered something in his ear, crying now. Sirius, feeling like he had to say something, said, "Harry..." Lily looked up at him with a terrible anguish. "I know," she said, barely audible. "I saw it." Sirius knelt next to her and took one of her hands. "We should go someplace warm," he said softly, indicating the nearby hole in the wall and the sky, which