A/N: I own nothing except the plot! This is a story for Lexi (The Cinder Crown). I decided to write her a giftfic since she is a part of my team (go, Appleby Arrows, go!) on The Quidditch League Fanfiction Competition forum. Except for that I was very, very bored. :) This is a Cinderella!AU and I gave it a little bit more life than the movie. I am gonna play with characters ages and some family bonds. I hope you enjoy this! Word count without A/N: 3 594 Of Broken Hearts oOoOo Once upon a time, there lived a beautiful girl Minerva. She was a kind and gentle soul while also representing everything a lioness would need, strength, courage, and grace. Everyone loved her, House Elves, animals and people. She was truly adored by all that lives. She was born to a wealthy family, The McGonagalls who had a high standing in the entire kingdom. Everyone respected them for their courage and fairness, for they never did wrong. It was even rumored that they were descended from the line of Godric Gryffindor. The family was very happy and Minerva was their blessing but all happiness must end one day. She was eleven when her heart broke for the first time. Her mother has died, taken by an illness that had no cure. There would be no more warm hugs and kisses from her, just the knowledge that her cold body was buried in the earth far away from Minerva's touch. Not long after that Minerva's father, the Lord, responsible for the good image of the family, decided to seek out a new wife for himself that could at the same time give guidance to Minerva and a possible Mother figure. He searched for months until he found a respectable widowed Lady that he thought could fill his heart and mend Minerva's. The Lady was a beautiful woman; she had long red hair and green eyes, but as much as she was beautiful from the outside that much she was rotten from inside. She cared only for herself and money. When she came into the house she didn't spare even a glance towards Minerva and Minerva's heart broke yet again with the knowledge that the Lady coming into her home was a leech and nothing more. Animals came from all across the land in hopes of healing the young girl's heart but nothing helped. With the Lady, two young girls came. They were from the Lady's previous marriage. The elder one was named Petunia and she looked so much like the Lady's late husband while her younger sister, Lily, was a carbon copy of her mother. Upon seeing them Minerva hoped to at least gain two friends if nothing else. At first, everything was within order but after a year, Lord McGonagall followed in his late wife's footsteps. Minerva mourned him knowing that this death was no accident. She heard the Lady telling Petunia how the riches will soon be theirs. With this Minerva's heart burned with anger because the Lady had no right to take away everything from her. How wrong she was with thinking that. She could only watch as her kind Stepmother organized parties and spent the money her ancestors earned with pain and death. They always fought right next to the King when needed but apparently, this Lady cared not for honour. Her stepsisters were kind to her for the first two years. Even with Minerva's fight Petunia became everything she and Lily fought against. She became lazy, not doing anything and letting the House Elves take all of the jobs on themselves. On Petunia's sixteenth birthday only Lily and Minerva were left to care for the House Elves and the people that resided within their Manor and Minerva's heart broke for the third time. The Lady, seeing her younger daughter deserting her decided then and there that Lily and Minerva were nothing but two servants, not worthy of being in her and Petunia's presence. Every single soul within that Manor could see that young Minerva started to lose hope and they were afraid that one day she will lose it entirely and that they will be doomed. Four years later (Lily and Minerva are 18 years old) For six years now, this has been Minerva's and Lily's personal hell. Even though they had no love from the person that was supposed to care for them, they grew to be amazing girls. They were kind even though they have been abused, but what the Lady didn't know was that there was still some love left in that Manor. The servants cared for them and urged them to continue loving everything, all the while hoping that Minerva's godfather, Albus Dumbledore, the Royal Advisor, would remember the young girl. Neither girl called that woman mother, they couldn't. They would have been able to forgive her for everything had she said a kind word to them but when the Lady decided that they weren't allowed to do Magic Minerva's heart broke for the fourth time. oOoOo "This is enough, Tom!" the Queen shouted. "Mother, I will not marry and that is final!" He shouted back "The kingdom has been without a King for so long, Tom. It is your duty." "What if I do not want to follow duty?" he asked not bothering to hide how tired he was. "Perhaps..." the Queen started but went silent. "What mother?" "I know that you do not like the Council, especially since they want you to marry but if we made a ball for you to choose any free girl in Kingdom. They would be satisfied, you would get to choose and then you could become a King with a Queen at your side." "Mother..." "If you don't want to go through this alone then you can badger your friend into doing this with you." "Mother I will not force her..." "You aren't forcing her, Tom. She has to marry to ensure that the line has an heir." "Mum, she is lesbian." "So what? There are potions," the Queen said not fazed at all. "Fine, we'll go with that plan, but if I choose someone that the Council does not like I will still be allowed to marry her." "Of course, I will ensure that." The Queen said even though she feared that promise. Had the Advisor still been here, he would have taken care of it but he disappeared about two years ago, and that worried the Queen, for the Advisor was powerful and if something happened to him it would mean that someone reached for the most vulnerable part of him - his heart. oOoOo The Lady and her daughter were passing through the square, followed by two of their servants when a Royal Herald started speaking: "Hear, hear! By the Queen's wishes, a Ball will be held at the end of this month in Prince's honour. There, he will choose his future Queen. Every free Lady is to present herself on that Ball, be she of Noble or be she a servant." The announcement caused quite the stir and murmuring started. The Lady knowing that her daughter would have to win the prince, even though Petunia was no beauty, started planning. Looking at her daughter she gave her a sigh and they went back to the Manor. That night there was a lot of shouting. Minerva and Lily were fighting for them to be allowed to the Ball but the Lady would have none of that. In the end, not only were they forbidden to go, they were forced to help Petunia with finding the dress. In the end, they found one that didn't emphasize Petunia's long neck that made her look like a giraffe. It was a simple long sleeved, pink dress. oOoOo Soon, the day of the Ball came. For that day, Lily and Minerva had the duty of helping the Lady and Petunia with getting ready for the Ball. When they finally left with a carriage as was the rule, for no portkey or apparating was allowed, there were three hours until the Ball. "What are we gonna do Minerva?" Lily asked her sister. "We could walk through the Manor," Minerva suggested. "Do you have any basements and such?" Lily asked excitedly. "Not basements, but we have Dungeons." "Can we go see them? Please!" Lily begged. "Fine," Minerva said at last. The two of them slowly started going down the spiral staircases that led down deep into the earth. Minerva was at ready all the time because she didn't know what that wretched Lady did to this part of the Manor. She knew how to use Magic and Lily did, too. It was taught to them by the servants, in the nights, when they were certain that the Lady was sleeping. When they got to the end of the stairs Minerva activated the lights by clapping. It was a trick her father taught her. Slowly they went through the hallway, on each side cells for prisoners. When they came to the end of the hallway and were preparing to leave something caught Minerva's eye and she murmured: "This isn't right." "What?" "These doors are solid and different from all the other," Minerva said pointing towards the door in front of them. "Maybe you are just too suspicious..." Lily started but was cut off by Minerva: "I am not. These doors were pink for one. The room was made for me by my Mother who wanted to destroy the dreary feeling of dungeons." "OK. Can you perhaps break the door?" "What if it..." Minerva started. "... if it was dangerous, you mean." Seeing Lily roll eyes she pointed to the keys near the door. "You know who did this. For all we know this could be our friend," Lily said in an attempt to get her way. On the word friend, a memory was unlocked in Minerva's mind. She was standing behind the doorway, having followed the Lady to see what business she has in the dungeons. ' The dungeons aren't hers!' Minerva thought angrily. She hurried after the Lady to see everything and what she saw scared her. " I am a friend, Madam" she heard from the chained man. " Not mine!" She heard the Lady growl and then continue. "You are that little bitch's godfather. Well, news for you, You will not destroy my plans." Hearing that, Minerva couldn't contain her gasp. The Lady, unfortunately, heard it and found her. " Obliviate!" Minerva gasped and started unlocking the doors. When she unlocked them she hurried into the room unlocking the chains around the arms of the elderly man. When the chains were unlocked, a surge of power ran over Minerva and Lily, gathering in the white mist around the man. When the mist cleared, in front of them stood the Royal Advisor that disappeared two years ago. "Where is she?" He asked angrily. Feeling compelled to answer Minerva said fearfully, not knowing what to expect: "The Lady went with her daughter to the Ball in Prince's honour." "Do not fear me child, but look me in the eye." When she looked him in the eye, he looked over her memories, gifting her with his. Seeing what happened to the girl he was supposed to protect, Albus Dumbledore sighed. "I am so sorry, my girl. I haven't fulfilled my duty to you and your family." Knowing that what happened to the man, but still not being happy she said: "It is forgiven, but please get me and Lily away from here." "As you wish but first the two of you have a Ball to go to," Albus said with a small smile on his face. Scoffing Lily said: "In what? I am sure that the Prince would be deeply honored when we arrive at the Ball in nothing but rags." "Of course not," He said with a smile and then said, "follow me." They followed