A/N: Hey everyone! I'm SilverAquaTrident (but I think you might have figured that out by now), and I'm writing this one-shot for the October Starvation Monthly One-Shot Challenge prompt, 'Fallen and Forgotten'. I hope you enjoy it, and remember, reviews are appreciated! :D This is the Reaping of the boy tribute from District 10 (74th HG). Age, appearance, etc. are OFF-CANON. So when reading about him, don't picture the District 10 tribute in the movie, and don't picture the female tribute the same way, either. Disclaimer: this one-shot is pretty far-fetched, considerably absurd, and downright strange. It is not believable, realistic, nor plausible. It's just a little idea that popped into my head that I decided to write off of. If you are the kind of person who strictly believes in fancfics that are completely canon and plausible, then you might not like this. But to all the rest of you, well... Enjoy! P.S. To those of you who are following my multi-chap Queen, Protector, Warrior, and Serpent, the tributes in this one-shot correspond to QPWS. So, when I mention these tributes in QPWS, picture these ones. :D My name is Keaton I was but fourteen When the Capitol's wrath murdered me. One horrid training day, while scaling a wall, My fingers slipped; I endured a horrid fall. The tributes cackled and laughed, what glee, what a show It was to watch the now-crippled boy moan. Yet in the times before I lost the fame and the glory I had a tale, an untold story. I had a passion to get back home That declined, like me, to dust and bones. Here is my story, that to the world I shall share Perhaps someone will read it, if anyone cares. So here I begin my story worth keeping; You see, the nightmare began with the day of the Reaping... Droplets of sweat form on the boy's brow, dripping to the ground as fast as the drops of rain plummeting from the overcast sky. The sounds of stomping boots from behind him fill his ears as he sprints with all his might, panting from the weight of the canvas sack he slung over his right shoulder. A burst of thunder resonates through the open plain, crackles of lightning illuminating the pitch black storm clouds. His legs ache, his ears ring, his face stings from the raindrops pelting upon it, but he must keep going, he must outrun the Peacekeepers - after all, his life depends on it. That charming, handsome, clever young boy happens to be District 10's most wanted criminal. That charming, handsome, clever young boy also happens to be me. I chuckle as I hear the bumbling Peacekeepers crying out with anguish as they trip over some stray barrels. I've always found it amazing how low the intellect of our Peacekeepers is. When they try to catch me, they never sneak, they never hide, they never use a single clever tactic - all they do is run after me, hollering obscenities and empty death threats. In fact, they can barely even run. All the stolen meat they consume from the ranches fattens them up so much that all they can do is keep up a light jog. You can hear them coming from a mile away; their tread is so loud that it's like someone's whacking another person over and over again with a whip. And believe me, that makes quite a bit of noise. Take it from the boy who's had that experience firsthand, and not as the whipper. Even more amusing than the Peacekeepers' stupidity is that I've been on the run since I was about ten, and they haven't been able to catch me. That's four years of holding the title of the most notorious thief in the whole district. It's quite an honor, really. And it's an honor that I plan to uphold for the time being. Now I can hear the blundering idiots attempting to get themselves organized into formation again. Apparently they're arguing about whether or not to break out their guns. The district officials would prefer if I was captured alive, probably to make an example of me, and then execute me in public, but the Peacekeepers probably don't care. Either way, it doesn't make much of a difference - it's a well-known fact that the Peacekeepers here are awful at shooting, and honestly, I'd be more worried if they were aiming somewhere next to me. The Capitol doesn't bother sending the good Peacekeepers to 10, because the Capitol doesn't like us that much, even though we supply every last bit of the meat those gluts stuff themselves with. I'm getting farther and farther away from the disgruntled Peacekeepers, but from what I hear, they've decided that it's time to get out the guns. I let out a disdainful snort. Every time they've tried to target me with their guns, they've always ended up shooting some poor cows or poultry, which usually gets them into trouble. Nevertheless, evidently they're still trying for a lost cause. Really, I'm surprised that the Capitol hasn't sent a slightly more elite group of Peacekeepers to catch my fellow thieves and I. We're known across the district as the Bandits, the Robbers, the "Them dagnabbit teenagers!" - pretty much any synonym of 'thief'. But we prefer "the Swindlers", just because it has a nicer ring to it than "Cattle Rustlers", which is how we're sometimes referred to. We're basically a group of rebellious, runaway kids, with an age range of 11-14, that steals what we need to survive. Once we realized that no one in 10 will throw their scraps to a bunch of street rats, our only option was to steal. In four years, we went from a group of two sneaky pickpocketers to a full-fledged network of famed outlaws. We steal all the necessities, from coins to food to mattresses to weapons. Not only have we acquired a baby goat and three chickens, but we also have knives, axes, and we even managed to get a hold of three Peacekeepers' guns. I steal a quick glance behind me and find that the Peacekeepers are now digging their guns out of their bags. Chances are they won't hit me, and the heavy rain will help blind them, but just to be safe I duck into an old shed, flattening myself against the mildew-covered interior wall. Sure enough, the Peacekeepers march right past the shed, obviously blinded by the rain, which is now blowing almost horizontally from the strong wind. Strange, we almost never get storms in the morning. Heavy storms are extremely common here on the prairie, and so are tornadoes. A few years ago, the Justice Building was completely demolished by the strongest tornado we've ever remembered having. Luckily, that was before the Swindlers was formed, so there was no loot to get destroyed. I slide down onto the straw-covered ground, taking a minute to catch my breath. My leather jacket, worn-out pants, gloves, and sturdy black boots are all completely soaked through, dripping rain onto the scratchy straw. The chilling winds are cold, a bitter cold that District 10 doesn't usually have to put up with. Forcing myself to ignore the numbness burning through my palms, I pull open the heavy canvas sack that I stuffed today's loot in. The canvas is damp, but not dripping excessively like my clothing. I peer inside, then empty out the bag onto the straw. A grin forms across my freezing cheeks. Today's haul isn't bad, not bad at all. A beaded necklace, a wooden flute, some wool, a few chunks of paraffin, a small bag of rice, a needle and three spools of thread, and - I nearly let out a gasp. Gold coins. There're so many of them, enough to buy a goat - then again, we don't typically buy anything, we could just steal the goat - and plenty for bribery purposes. The location of this morning's heist was one of the best spots for looting - the Mayor's house. That place is probably loaded with enough treasure to feed three meals per day to a family of eight for three years, not counting the innumerable coins and food. Also, its numerous trapdoors and secret passageways are extremely useful, because I know my way around them. Why, you ask? Because, for the first ten years of my life, that's where I lived. I almost never admit it, but yes, I'm the prime example of what a Mayor's son should not be. After my mom died, my shame of a father, Maxwell Auburn, went literally insane with grief, and he whipped me daily and, more often than not, fed me one measly "supper" of stale bread per day. That was the only food I'd get, along with a tiny mug containing a few sips of whiskey. "Ya little darn failure!" he'd scream in one of his drunken rages. "Ah wish Ah'd never born mahself such a pathetic disgrace of a boy." Then he'd start throwing empty whiskey bottles at me, and I'd run to my room and lock the door while he banged on it, screaming profanity at me. It's not like those insults hurt my feelings; quite frankly, they had completely opposite effect on me. Coming from such a dimwitted pile of crap like him, they practically bounced right off me. But I was sick of having to scrounge food scraps out of the dumpsters, sick of the stinging marks on my back concealed by my tattered shirt, sick of being surrounded by immense riches yet being treated like a lowly slave boy, sick of trying in vain to pry open the padlocked food cabinets. So one night, I packed a small satchel with a flask of water and some soggy pieces of bread. And I ran. I ran, and ran, and ran, and ran, pushing myself as far away as possible from the hellhole where the drunken mayor was sprawled unconscious in the middle of the dining room, where whiskey bottles and tattered memories lay strewn along the dusty floors. To this day, I can't stand to call him my father. I hate him more than anything; the loathing I feel when I hear his name chills my bones. It's as if by being my father, he tied a large sign to my back that says in big bold letters, "SON OF A DRUNK". Never, not once, have I regretted running away. I think back to that night, the night where my new, glorious life came into shape... I had sprinted for the first ten minutes of my escape, aching to make sure that the house of terrors was out of my line of sight. Out of sight, out of mind, the disgusting old Mayor used to always remind me whenever I would lose something - at least, before he went insane. After that, he wouldn't give a crap if I lost the Auburn family's entire fortune, as long as he had enough money for five large bottles of whiskey to drink every day. Anyway, I assumed that that old adage of his applied to my current situation at the time. Not once did I look back at the baby-blue wooden house that marked the horizon with its three floors and attic. It was time to say goodbye to the hoarded riches and broken glass, to the bloodied scars and red lash marks. It was time to fly away, once and for all. After awhile, my legs began to ache, my throat began to burn. I had slowed my pace to a steady jog, and kept it up for as long as my stamina permitted. I wasn't aware of how much time had passed; I was too busy running, flying away free, like a bird locked in a metal cage set free. Even though I was an excellent runner, I grew tired after what probably was a very long time. My water flask was