DISCLAIMER: All of the recognizable places and characters in this story belong to the genius Ms. J.K. Rowling. No profit is being made from this story. It only serves to (hopefully) entertain. Rated M for a reason . This story contains foul language, sexual content, war violence/torture, and allusions to sexual assault. Author's Note (Updated 7/27/2017): So... I haven't touched this since it was uploaded ( 5 flippin' years ago, holy hell! ). But, wouldn't you know, inspiration came back out of nowhere as it tends to do, and I've decided to give it another go! Since then, I've changed a few small details in Chapter 1, so if you happened to read it way back when, know that some minor things are different. (It's not like you have to reread the chapter, though; honestly, the changes aren't that important lol.) With this story, I'm trying two new things: an original female character, and Draco as a main character. I've never done either before, so please bear with me - it may take a little practice for me to get it right. This chapter is told from the point of view of Emmaleigh, my OC. Should I continue, the following chapter will be narrated by Draco, and it will proceed to alternate between the two. The story is a Deathly Hallows subplot that more-or-less follows canon with some slight deviations. So…on with the story! Chapter One - A Risky Return ~Emmaleigh~ I am awakened by the sound of the train screeching on the track as it comes to a halt. I'm surprised I was even able to nap, much less stay asleep for nearly the entire ride. I haven't been sleeping much these days. I look out the window, catching a glimpse of the castle lingering behind the treetops as we pull into the train station. Its towers are lit up, shining brightly against the navy blue evening sky. It's beautiful - tranquil, even - yet I'm still nervous and jittery. It's pathetic, really. This is my seventh and final time arriving at Hogwarts. You'd think I'd be over my anxiety of going to school by this point. As if. There's a slim chance of that ever happening, especially now. The train comes to a complete stop, and I stand to retrieve my trunk from the overhead rack. There's a couple of first years already walking by outside my compartment, talking excitedly about their upcoming Sorting. For their sake, I hope their experience with the Sorting Hat turns out better for them than it did for me. My sorting was exactly six years ago, yet I still remember it as if it were yesterday… " Ross, Emmaleigh!" Professor McGonagall calls. I was anxious before, but not anymore. I've met some really nice people on the train. Lots of them are first years, too. Susan and Mandy, the girls I shared a compartment with, are incredibly sweet. A boy my age helped me stow my trunk overhead before shaking my hand and introducing himself as Ernie. I even met some people – Dean, Justin, Lisa, and Hermione – who are Muggleborn, like me. There were those funny, red-haired twins who said they were starting their third year. Even before I stepped onto the train, my trolley collided with one owned by a boy named Harry; he was incredibly nice about it, even though the crash resulted in his owl's cage becoming dislodged and rolling away. I climb up the couple of stairs that lead to the Sorting Hat. I heard about this from some fellow students. All I have to do is wear the hat and it will tell me where I belong. I even learned a bit about the houses from Susan, too. As I sit down on the stool, I can see Hermione and Harry smiling at me from the Gryffindor table. That clumsy boy, Neville, is there too. Justin and Susan are already seated with their fellow Hufflepuffs, and they both wave at me. Mandy gives me a thumbs-up from her spot at the Ravenclaw table. The second Professor McGonagall places the hat on my head, I can hear it talking to me, whispering so only I can hear it. " Well, well, isn't this interesting…" it says. "Aren't you just a mix of everything? Wise like a Ravenclaw, loyal like a Hufflepuff, brave like a Gryffindor…" " And I'll take any of them," I think to myself with a smile, waiting for the hat to shout one out to everyone in the Great Hall. " Let me finish, young Emmaleigh," the hat says. My smile fades. I didn't know the hat could hear what I was thinking. "There's a bit of Slytherin in you, too." " Slytherin?" I think. "What do you mean? If there's one house I don't belong in, it's Slytherin!" " And what makes you say that?" asks the Sorting Hat. " Well, I'm a Muggleborn." " Are you now?" " Yes!" I'm getting nervous now. Everyone I've befriended is either in Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, or Ravenclaw. I just have to be in one of those! "There's no such thing as a Muggleborn Slytherin. They're all half-bloods at the very least!" " That's why it pains me to have to put you there. I know you'll have some hard times." " Then don't put me there! Please, put me in one of the other three. My friends are there! Please, anything but Slytherin!" The hat sighs. "You are a sweet girl, Emmaleigh. I can tell you will grow up to do magnificent things. But for now, you'll have to trust me. There's a reason for this. Someday, you'll understand why you belong in SLYTHERIN!" The hat shouts that last part. Slytherin. The table on the far right of the hall erupts with applause as my heart plunges to the ground. I look around at the other three tables and the small group of kids in front of me still awaiting their sorting, and everyone who I've met has their mouth open in shock. I feel like crying. " Miss Ross," Professor McGonagall says as she lifts the hat from my head, "please join your classmates at the Slytherin table." I nod and get up, but my heart is not in it. I drag my feet as I walk over to the cheering Slytherins waiting for me. I take a seat, and everyone quiets down as the next student is sorted. I still think about that day often. Before we all entered the Great Hall, Professor McGonagall told myself and the rest of my classmates that our houses would be like our families while at school. I'm not sure how that worked out for everyone else, but in my eyes, she couldn't have been more wrong. The Sorting Hat said that I'd eventually understand why I belonged in Slytherin. Well, it's been six years, and I still have no bloody clue. This wasn't to say I haven't had any friends at school. I still got on with the people I met who were in the other three houses, and I always had someone to sit with in class or join up with on Hogsmeade weekends. Things got even better in fifth year when Dumbledore's Army started; unsurprisingly, I was the only Slytherin in it. Overall, my time at Hogwarts has been enjoyable. But, when the evenings came and I had no choice but to retreat to Slytherin House, I would silently curse the Sorting Hat. I've spent the last six years feeling like an outcast in my own dormitory. Sure, my housemates liked me for a while until they found out I was Muggleborn. Then, I became known as the filthy Mudblood who tainted their flawless house, a disease that had to be avoided at all costs. I mean, really, what was that dumb hat thinking? It must have made a careless mistake. Everyone knows Slytherin is a Muggleborn-free house. Well, was, anyway. But what's done is done. I'm in Slytherin. I don't like it, but I've accepted it. The corridor outside of my compartment fills up a bit more with chattering students as I linger behind, digging through my trunk. I locate my black robe and green and silver tie and put them both on. I push my hair behind my shoulders to make sure the Slytherin patch is in plain sight. For the first time in my life, I am going to wear it proudly. Pretend to, rather. I take a deep breath and exit the compartment to join my fellow classmates. There are officials from the Ministry on the platform, as expected. I probably won't have a problem getting past them, but I make sure I have my documentation ready just in case. A middle-aged, greasy, heavy-set man is the one who inspects me. He looks and smells like he hasn't showered in months, but I suppose I can't expect much more than that from the Ministry in these times. As predicted, his eyes immediately dart to the patch on my robe. "Slyth'rin, eh?" he says in a scruffy voice. "Yes, sir." "Not t'be offensive, Miss, but I 'ave to check yer papers jus' to be safe. New protocol, ye see." "Of course," I say with my best attempt at sincerity. I hand him my forged documentation. He looks it over, titling it slightly to see the embedded Ministry logo that can only be seen at precise angle. "Half-blood?" "Yes." Pretending to be a pureblood would have been too risky, not to mention nearly impossible. He smirks. "You mus' take pride in th' magical aspect of yer heritage, bein' in Slyth'rin." I nod and smile back, but say nothing. He hands me back my papers. "'ave a good school year, Miss Ross." "Thank you, sir," I say, taking my papers and walking past the Ministry official to the carriages. I make a mental note to tell Fred and George that their nifty charm work on the documentation did the trick. Bless their hearts. If I had done it myself, it wouldn't have been believable and I probably would have been arrested on the spot. I'm absolute rubbish at charms. I suspect if I had been in any other house, I would have undergone further inspection to prove my blood status and be allowed back to Hogwarts. For once, my being in Slytherin is a benefit. Lucky me. I can't help but notice how much emptier the carriages are this year, what with the lack of Muggleborns and the students whose families have fled the country. Usually, there's ten or more students sharing one, yet here I am in one huge carriage with only one fourth-year from Hufflepuff and a couple of nervous-looking second-years. As the carriage rattles down the cobblestone path leading to the castle, I realize how lonely this year will be. I yearn for the company of any of my friends. Some will have returned, I'm sure, but I know people like Justin and Dean won't be back. Harry, of course, is on the run with Ron and Hermione. I play with my D.A. coin in my pocket. It hasn't been used since fifth year, but having it gives me hope - hope that they'll send me some sort of sign that they're safe and well. The carriage pulls up to the front of the Entrance Hall, and I step off after the other three occupants have. As I approach the opened doors, however, I'm stopped by Professor Flitwick. "Welcome back, Miss Ross," he squeaks. He looks surprised to see me, probably because he knows I'm a Muggleborn, but doesn't say anything about it. "You're instructed to go to the Headmaster's Office straight away. The password is 'beaming bowtruckle.'" My heart sinks. I don't want to go there, not when it isn't Dumbledore's office anymore. I don't want to see Snape. Snape. No wonder he wants to see me. He knows my true blood status, too. He's probably going to hand