DISCLAIMER: All of the places and characters in this story belong to the genius Ms. J.K. Rowling. No profit is being made from this story. It only serves to (hopefully) entertain. Rated M for language, alcohol use, and some sexual content. Chapter 1: Sealed and Delivered You are cordially invited by Miss Audrey White and Mr. Percy Weasley to celebrate their wedding on Saturday, 25 September, 2004 at 5pm at The Burrow. A reception will immediately follow the ceremony. RSVP by 1 September, 2004 to Audrey or Percy. "Are you sure these don't sound too formal?" Audrey asked Percy for the fifteenth time, scanning over the last invitation before slipping it into a plain white envelope. Percy laughed as he prepared tea at the kitchen counter. "Audrey, they're fine. Trust me. They're short and to the point." "They just seem so boring, " she huffed. "Well, what do you expect? They're wedding invitations. They're always boring." "Yeah, I suppose. I just wish I could make them more... I don't know. Fun ." Percy smiled, carrying two cups of tea to the table. Audrey always had to go the extra mile with everything. "The wedding itself will be-" "Wait! I've got it!" Audrey exclaimed happily. Before Percy could ask what she was on about, Audrey seized her wand and cast a nonverbal spell. Within seconds, the two small stacks of envelopes in front of her turned a bright shade of turquoise. "Oh, that's so much nicer," she sighed contently. "You're something else." Audrey beamed. "I know." "Did you remember to add the extra note to Bill and Fleur's? About Victoire?" "Yes, and there's one in Andromeda's as well about Teddy." "And what about Harry and Ginny?" "Their's is being sent straight to their bedroom so she doesn't have to get up, and I made it clear the baby's more than welcome to come. I made sure Charlie knows he can bring a date. Ron and Hermione's is going to her office at the Ministry, and George and Angelina's is being sent directly to the shop. As for your Mum and Dad, it'll end up in their kitchen." Percy leaned across the table and kissed her on the cheek. "You're amazing, you are." Audrey blushed. "Thanks." "Ready to send them out?" "Yup. These," she placed her hand on the left pile, "I'm going to get stamps for tomorrow and drop in the post box near my dad's. And these I can send with Otto right now. You don't think it's too soon, do you?" "Nope. Three months ahead is perfect, I think." Audrey excitedly hopped out of her chair and over to their owl's cage. Otto hooted in delight when she gave him a large treat; he'd need the energy for his long journey. She attached the seven invitations to his leg, opened the window, and he took off. "Well, that's that," she said. "Off they go." "Mhm," Percy agreed, walking up behind her and wrapping his arms around her middle. "No turning back now." She tilted her head up at him and smirked. "Why? Would you want to?" He grinned. "Never." William, Fleur, Victoire, & Dominique Weasley The Sitting Room, Shell Cottage Tinworth, Cornwall, England Fleur heard the loud crack! of Apparition just outside the picture window. She pulled back the drapes to see Andromeda walking up the pebbled path leading from the beach to the front door. "Teddy!" she called. "Your grandmother ees 'ere! Time to go home!" "Oh, just a couple more minutes! Please, Mummy?" Victoire pleaded, appearing at the top of the stairs. "Yeah! Please?" she heard Teddy call from somewhere in the upstairs hallway. "Alright, but two more minutes, and zat's eet!" She chuckled upon hearing their crows of delight. "'ello, Andromeda! Please, come een," Fleur greeted upon opening the door. "Good afternoon," Andromeda said with a smile. "Thanks so much for having him over." "Oh, anytime. He ees always welcome 'ere. Zey love playing together, 'im and Victoire." As Andromeda was about to reply, a turquoise envelope soared through the slot in the door and hit her in the knee. The second Fleur saw the color of the envelope, she knew what it was; only Audrey would charm a letter to something so vibrant. "Oh, eet must be for ze wedding!" she exclaimed happily, retrieving the envelope and tearing it open. She pulled out two slips of paper. The first was the standard invitation, and the second was a short note printed in Audrey's slender, neat handwriting: Bill & Fleur, We would love to have Victoire walk in our wedding. We'll pay for her dress, of course, as well as whatever shoes she wants. She's a very special person in our lives and we'd be incredibly happy to have her be part of our big day. We're also asking Andromeda if Teddy can as well. They'll make an adorable pair, don't you think? Hopefully this is alright with you – just let us know! We'll see you soon! Love always, Percy & Audrey "'ow lovely! Zey want Victoire to be a bridesmaid, and Teddy to be 'er escort!" Andromeda chuckled. "My goodness, that will be quite the sight!" At that moment, two pairs of feet that sounded much heavier than they actually were thundered down the stairs. "Hi, Mrs. Tonks!" four-year-old Victoire exclaimed. "Can Teddy sleep over tomorrow night? Mummy, what's that? It's pretty; can I hold it? When's lunch?" she said all of this very fast, almost jumping in place with enthusiasm. "This," Fleur said, "ees something very special we're going to talk about when your father gets back from Diagon Alley. And if eet's alright with his grandmother, Teddy is more than welcome to come over tomorrow night." Teddy tugged on Andromeda's sleeve. "Mrs. Weasley said it's okay! Please, Grandma, can I? Please?" "Pleeeeease!" Victoire chimed in. Andromeda laughed. "Well, alright. I don't see why not!" "YAY!" the two children shouted in unison. "See you tomorrow!" Victoire chanted with a wave before scurrying back up the stairs to play. "Bye! Bye, Mrs. Weasley!" Teddy said as Andromeda ushered him out the door. "See you soon," Fleur laughed. After closing the door, she tucked the invitation and note back into the turquoise envelope and left it on the end table for Bill to see when he got home. She was sure he'd be thrilled at the idea of Victoire walking in the wedding, not to mention the fact that his younger brother and soon to be sister-in-law had settled on a date. Smiling to herself, Fleur ascended the stairs to check on Dominique while bracing herself for the mess she was bound to find in Victoire's room. She and Teddy never failed to make sure their play place looked like it'd just been ravished by a hurricane. Ronald Weasley & Hermione Granger-Weasley Office 216, Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures Ministry of Magic Westminster, London, England "I like this," Ron murmured. "Me, too. Fridays are the best." "Mhm. Couldn't agree more." They both smiled and kissed again, Hermione leaning further and further back against her desk. Fridays were becoming the most delightful of weekly traditions for her and Ron. During the rest of the week, Ron was typically out in the field, but his Friday workday was spent in the Auror office catching up on paperwork. This gave them the option to spend their lunch breaks together, and while they did have lunch, much of the hour was spent snogging, among other things. For all Hermione's natural desire to follow each and every rule, locking her office door to have some alone time with her husband during work hours was intoxicating. It was, she assumed, a side effect of being recently married. A light rap on the door startled her, but she was too enamored with Ron's lips on hers to pay it much attention. She ignored it two more times before she finally heard the sound of paper being slid under her door. Moaning in irritation, she broke away from Ron for a brief moment to look over his shoulder. She prepared to scowl, expecting to see more paperwork requiring her review, but instead, she ended up grinning. She knew exactly what that bright turquoise rectangle was; it was the same color Audrey had once mentioned she was using for flowers and bridesmaids' dresses. "Anything important?" Ron asked, not tearing his eyes from her until he was told he absolutely had to. "Percy and Audrey set a date." "What? Really?" He glanced over his shoulder, but Hermione grabbed his chin and pulled it back to her lips. "Yup," she confirmed between kisses. "But shouldn't we write back? That's the invitation, right?" "Ron, we have," she began, glancing at her watch, "twenty-two minutes left. I pretty sure your brother won't mind if he doesn't receive a response within twenty-two minutes. I promise I'll write back after." Ron raised an eyebrow playfully. "After… what, exactly?" Hermione smiled and gently grabbed his belt buckle. It was Friday, after all. George Weasley & Angelina Johnson Stockroom, Weasley's Wizard Wheezes Diagon Alley Westminster, London, England Knock, knock, knock. "Come in!" George announced. The door of the back room squeaked as Angelina stepped in. He grinned as he saw her holding up a brown paper bag, smiling coyly. "Guess where I went?" she sang. "Does it start with a T and serve the most perfect egg foo young?" "Perhaps." "I love you!" Angelina laughed and pulled a chair up to his desk before emptying the contents of the bag. It was always a nice surprise when his girlfriend joined him for lunch; the fact that she'd stopped at his favorite place for Chinese take-out made it all the more special. "When do you have to be back?" he asked. "By one-thirty," Angelina answered through a mouthful of chow mein, "but I think I'll be able to sneak out by four today. My pieces are almost done." "Lucky you. I've got loads to finish here." "Just as well. I've got a hot date tonight, anyway." "Oh, do you, now?" George chuckled. "Yes. Just me, my book, and that double-chocolate cake I made yesterday! No need to wait up for me!" she laughed. "I won't, as long as you leave me a slice." "Doubt it. Your daughter gets the last bite. I promised." George smirked. "I'm pretty sure our son actually prefers treacle tart to cake. Just saying." George and Angelina had been having playful banter about the baby's gender ever since they discovered they were expecting. It didn't really matter to either of them, as all they wanted was a healthy child, but it was fun to joke about anyway. George had been charming little things around the flat they shared blue, such as the hand soap and tea leaves, and Angelina had been retaliating by turning his boxers and socks pink. "Boy or girl, it's rambunctious," Angelina mumbled through a mouthful of noodles. "I'm just so hungry , and all the time. It never ends!" "The little one's preparing for Quidditch, probably. I'm so proud." George pretended to wipe a joyful tear from his eye, and Angelina grinned. Just then, and out of nowhere, a turquoise envelope slapped George in the face, catching him off guard and making him drop his chopsticks. As Angelina howled with laughter, he fetched the envelope from his lap and immediately deciphered who the letter was from once he saw the handwriting. "Audrey," he muttered with a chortle. She was the only one he knew who would charm a letter to hit him square in the nose. George loved his older brother's fiancée; she was fun-loving, outgoing, and possessed that offbeat sense of humor that was seldom appreciated by the masses. Her colorful personality and gentle patience had achieved the near-impossible task of getting Percy out of his shell and convincing him that it was okay to have a life outside the office. George, like everyone in the Weasley family, would be