There were things in life that were simple. Not easy, per say, but things that just came naturally, without much thought. For Harry, there was Quidditch. There was gardening, a small reminder of his childhood, yet something he refused to let be tainted by negative memories. There was making tea, Harry was very good at that. Then there was not feeling. Harry excelled at that. After all the stress, all the fighting, the battles, the funerals, the trials. He didn't even have to try, it just happened. It's like his brain was on, forcing his body to move, his mouth to speak, his heart to beat, but he couldn't feel anything any longer. And it was so simple. But Harry was not doing any of those things. He was looking at the sister of his best friend and his girlfriend of a year and a half, and telling her he didn't think he could be with her anymore. This was definitely much harder. "YOU DON'T JUST STOP LOVING SOMEONE HARRY! I HAVE BEEN WITH YOU THROUGH HELL, AND YOU HAVE THE NERVE TO ACT LIKE I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IT WAS LIKE?! I FOUGHT IN THE BATTLE, I WAS THE ONE IN SCHOOL WHILE YOU HERMIONE AND RON WERE FROLICKING IN THE FORESTS LOOKING FOR PIECES OF A DERANGED MADMANS SOUL! ME! I KNOW WHAT IT WAS LIKE." Ginny bellowed, her face nearly the color of her hair. She looked at the empty expression on Harry's face, and seemed to calm down a bit. "We both lost people. I lost my brother Harry, you couldn't possibly say that I don't know what it's like." Harry looked at her, in all of her wild beauty, but it just no longer touched him like it used to do. Nothing did anymore. He was nothing more than a husk of a person, trying to find his way in the world. "The fact that you are even trying to say that you know what I am going through does nothing more than prove to me that you really have no idea. I would dare you to find someone that hasn't lost someone during Voldemort's reign of terror," he received a wince at the blatant use of His name. "So using that argument is pretty counterproductive. Besides, do you really think my hunt for Horacrux's was simply frolicking in the woods with my two best mates?" "No, it entailed much more filthy details, like your torrid love affair with your 'supposed' best friend! Don't look so shocked. You think anyone is stupid enough to believe that you and Hermione just talked and ate biscuits after Ron left. The way you look at each other is enough proof, so no use in denying it, Potter." She spit his name out like it was toxic, and for the first time in quiet awhile, Harry felt anger brew within him. "You don't know anything. You don't know what it was like in those forests, hungry, scared, and clueless. You don't know how hard it was to hold onto sanity when you felt constant fear of being caught and tormented in ways that could make you cry just by hearing. You don't know what it was like living with pure evil around your neck. Hermione was all I had, and we never were anything more than friends, but I would do anything for her. You have no clue, so I would recommend shutting the hell up. We are over. We have been done since after the war. Too much has changed and we are two different people who both need to find identities for themselves before they even consider getting into a relationship. We both need to heal, Gin, and not even you can argue me on that one. The way you see me, it's not real. You have this picture of how I am, of who I am, and it's just that; a picture. All you are seeing is that story told to you as a little girl about how I defeated Voldemort as a small child, only to resurface from nowhere 10 years later, humble, but ready to defeat the Dark Lord all over again. And even though you know me more as a person, that still taints your view of me. Look at me." Harry insisted, lifting her chin to see the blotchy face, streaked with tears, and trembling lips. "Any man will be lucky to have you. That person just isn't me. I'll always love you, Gin, but not like that. I hope one day you can forgive me for that." Her hand across his face wasn't a shock. "Fuck you, Harry Potter. Get off your high FUCKING HORSE. You say everyone has lost someone, but I think out of everyone, you lost the least! You didn't even fucking KNOW your parents! Ever since Cedric died, you have just been throwing this 'I have experienced more than you' attitude around, and I'm sick of it. Everyone else is dealing with things, and everyone else is moving on but you are just stuck here, lost in your own pity party. I hope to god you finally see the only reason you aren't healing; you are just trying to get as much pity as possible. You make me sick, Harry, and I never want to see you again." She screamed at him. He was glad in this moment that that emptiness had settled in his chest again, and those words, cruel words they were, didn't make his heart clench like they should have. Glad because this was much easier than the truth, and no one would argue that with him. She stormed out of his house, leaving it dreary and grey as it had been before. Harry watched the door, knowing that he should be feeling something, but finding nothing. He eventually turned, his movements slow, and he let the glamor's slip away, revealing what he had become. Revealing who he had become. "This is for the best." He said to himself as he took in his reflection. "No one will love you like this." And so the raven haired boy turned, and without another sound, disappeared further into the house. / Harry had known that this wouldn't be pretty. He knew that the second he showed up at the train station, he would deal with the wrath of the Weasleys. You couldn't break their only daughter's heart without some form of wrath. Harry just learned that Ginny must have learned where to hit from Ron. His best friend's fist flew towards his face, and he knew he would have no problems using magic to avoid impact, but somewhere inside him, he knew that Ron needed to get this out of his way before they could go on being friends. That is if he even wanted to be his friend anymore. "YOU FUCKING DICK! WHO THE BLOODY HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?" Ron seethed, before his father grabbed his arm and yanked him back. Most of the Weasleys were giving him 'the look.' The 'how could you' look. He had seen it from his dead classmate's parents, so one could say that he knew it pretty well. Ginny was clinging to her mother, her eyes rimmed red with sorrow and fury lining her face. Harry turned away. Hermione reached out towards him, her eyes darting between Harry and her boyfriend, before Harry subtly shook his head. She looked dejected, but dropped her arms, and turned her focus on getting Ron to stop hurling insults Harry's way. He couldn't even hear them, he just picked himself up off the ground, wiping away the blood from his lips, and regathering his things, his mind a buzz. That was when he felt it. Right when he had started towards the train, the Weasleys and Hermione just out of sight, he felt that tingling rush down his spine, halting any movement. He slowly, painstaking slowly turned his head. That was when he saw him. Merlin, how beautiful he looked, his very presence demanding an audience that everyone was so willing to give him. His hair hung in loose waves around his face, bringing out the sharpness in his cheeks, making you want to brush it back from those endless grey eyes. His lips were formed in the trademark scowl, and Harry would throw himself in front of the train right in front of them just to see him smile for a single second. His mother was fussing around him, more life in her frame then when he had last seen her at her husband's trial. She had wrote him a few days after and thanked him for testifying in favor of Lucius, earning him a shorter sentence then the rest of Voldemort's followers had gotten, and she felt as though she owed him. She didn't owe him anything. She had given birth to the most beautiful creature that Harry had ever seen. He had to stop himself from thanking her. But the younger Malfoy didn't even spare him a glance. His mother politely smiled at him, and Harry hoped that the expression on his face wasn't displaying just how horrible he felt inside from being unacknowledged. Harry closed his eyes, reining in those god awful emotions, and thinking of menial things until he felt the familiar sense of emptiness. It was only then that he picked up his things and found a place to sit on the train. / Hermione's shoulder was a comfortable weight against his. It was familiar, something he had felt thousands of times, and yet it always made him feel a little less empty. "Something happened and you won't tell me, will you?" she whispered, her frizzy hair surprisingly soft against his cheek. Harry just barely shook his head. "You do a good job for the most part. Of hiding it, I mean. If I didn't know you as well as I do I would think that you were just recovering, but this is something new entirely. He nodded. "On a scale of one to ten?" "Ten doesn't even begin to describe it," he whispered back, closing his eyes. She just grabbed his hand, lacing her fingers through his in an attempt to comfort him. "No matter what, you know I love you right? Doesn't matter if the Weasley's won't talk to you since you broke up with Ginny. I'll be here no matter what. We promised. Plus, I think that the relationship was doomed from the start. She had those starry eyes. Not like the cute ones, like the 'I'm dating someone more important than you.' I think everyone knew it was just a matter of time." Hermione said, matter-of-factly. Harry snorted, "I think that was one of the reasons I was invited into the family. I think that was what they had hoped all along. I mean, everyone seemed to try to push us together as much as possible. Not that she isn't great, and funny, and beautiful and that she won't make someone so happy one day, that person just isn't me. It never was and it's better to figure that out now than be married and realize that you don't love each other like married couples are supposed to. Plus, she made this jab about how I haven't lost as much as others have, and that we were fucking behind Ron's back while we were in the forest." He gives her a playful smirk, one that doesn't meet his eyes but he knows it makes her happier. She nudges against him, giggling lightly. "I guess most people don't understand our relationship. People don't really know what it was like going through the things we did. I think they put us on this pedestal, and they forget that we were just kids. I feel like I'm not nineteen, I feel like I'm at least a thousand." Hermione whispers. Harry nods, and they stay like that for a majority of the train ride,