I'm a woman. That's what I tell myself. I tell myself that I can handle it when I lie sleeping and have nightmares or I see all of the faces of the dying as they pass by on their way to my mother, Mrs. Everdeen, I have to hold on to this one detail. I hold my sister, Katniss when they come in but then she falls apart. She's always been emotionally attached to the dying. I'm not much different. Katniss and I were born fraternal twins but I'm twenty minutes older. I don't know why but I felt like I was abnormal in my little family. I hadn't felt like I was included since my father's death. I'd been a daddy's girl as long as I could remember. I followed him everywhere, except in to the mines. Dad may have taught Katniss and me bow and arrow but when he'd seen how much I disliked using it he'd taught me other ways of getting food for the family. He showed me how to make snares, and how to track animals. He even taught me how to kill them with a knife but he also taught me my passion. He had swords. Daddy told me that he found them in the forest, where we go to catch food for Momma to cook. I later suspected that the swords were replicas he made of the ones from along time ago, before the capital and the 13 district system was made. Daddy taught me to use sword, daggers, and even axes though they weren't really that hard to use. Axes I used to cut wood down to make repairs on the house or just for a fire but axes were easier to use to kill animals because I could throw them better. Daggers were good for that to but because I took to blades like fish to water I could use my swords and daggers to kill large prey. It helped us. My talent helped us even more when Dad was killed in the mine collapse. I was able to get us food when Mom and Katniss fell into a depression. I took care of us when no one else could. Prim tried to help; the little darling but I wouldn't let her. I wanted her to stay innocent for me, it was my selfish wish that she never had to be put through more then she has to. So it was selfish for me to lie crying for her, the day of the reaping when I knew Prim's name was being put in that bowl. The reaping is something everyone here in District 12 hated. One kid, between the ages twelve and eighteen had their names put in two bowls, divided by gender and they chose a paper from each. These two people, one boy, one girl, were sent to the capital to fall prey to a game of killing for the Capital's enjoyment. It's something they do to ensure that we know our places. So when I arise on this day, the day of the reaping for District 12, I cry for my sister, Primrose, and my sister Katniss. Katniss hasn't been functional since the disaster happened seven years ago when we were eleven but I'll take care of her as long as she needs it. I'll always take care of my family. With this is mind, I can do anything; even pull myself from my pity party and into my hunting clothes. I'm just dragging on my last boot when I feel the small, frail hand of my twin sister. She'd lost too much weight to make it through the next month if I didn't get her some grain. I'd signed up for tesserae yesterday and they would give the grain and oil to us today. Tesserae is when someone can sign up for a meager grain and oil supply through out a year and in return they put their name in for the reaping again. You may, if you wish, add tesserae for each family member. This year my name will be in thirty-two times today. Katniss will be in eight times, because I wouldn't allow her to put her name in again for tesserae. "Katfir?" She called for me. I turned on the bed, where I had sat to slip my foot into my hunting boot. The sight of my sister, so rail thin that her bones could be seen through her skin with no problem but her eyes always looked so happy. They used to be pain-filled, but I'm glad that I no longer had to worry about her in pain from depression. Now I just needed to worry about her physical pain. I leant back so that I could look her over, to see if anything I couldn't see was wrong but her soft hand on my shoulder stopped me. I glanced though, at my sleeping mother and eleven year-old sister to make sure they were not awake as well. "Katniss?" I asked her tentatively. Now that she was sure that my attention was grabbed she brought her other hand from under the blankets and I could see something in her hand, a metal shine met my eyes and I could feel them widen. "Where did you get that?" I asked her, gently taking it from her offering hand. "The lady, Ms. Madge that you bring the strawberries to told me to give it to you. She said that…" Katniss had to stop for a moment to take breaths. Her lungs were getting worse. Katniss had gone to work in the mines at sixteen without my permission and she'd been crushed between a rock and a large piece of coal. It had nearly crushed her lungs into submission. The damage had forced my mother out of her own pity party and she'd helped Katniss but it was too bad. Katniss might make it, if I could get us real food and maybe extra. We couldn't afford the surgery that would make her better but I could get her things that could heal her better, enough where she could move again without risking death if she stood for to long. "She said that you brought her a bear pelt and that her father only gave you a blanket." I knew what she was talking about. I'd taken down a bear recently with my sword. It was the best haul I'd had for two years. Bears weren't rare, but it was rare that I took the chance to take it down. They were vicious and had claws that could rake me in half any day. I'd skinned the bear, which had taken up nearly the whole day to do, and I'd sold the meat for a high price and the pelt had went to the mayor in exchange for a warm wool blanket. See, it's illegal to own weapons, much less, poach on animals. You weren't even supposed to cross the fence to the trees. It was punishable by death, but I had to risk it for the survival of my family just like Dad did. I looked down now, to the pin. It was golden with a bird on it, a mockingjay. They were hybrids of mockingbirds and jay birds. (Sorry but is that correct?) Their ancestors used to be used in the war by the capital. They would copy what the enemy, the districts, said and then tell them. After the war the birds mated wildly with the native mockingbird and the mockingjay came to be. They can't copy our words, but they copy song. "This has to be worth something…maybe I can sell it to…" I stopped when Katniss' hand pressed the pin into my palm more. I looked up from the pin and into her sad eyes. Oh, no I've made her sad again. "For once, Katfir, keep it for yourself." Katniss told me strongly. I felt my own mouth twitch down. I always felt selfish, how could I keep this to myself? I could get a pretty penny for this and maybe get some food for my family that wouldn't be dirty cast offs from others. "But Katniss," I objected but again she pressed it in my hand. I sighed and gave in for now. Katniss saw my defeat and took the pin from me, pinning it to my black shirt and jacket. I smiled softly at her, moving forward so that I could tuck her back into the same place she hadn't left for years. I made sure to press a kiss to her eyes as they began to close. "Will you sing for me?" She asked, her voice almost a whisper. It was still early, and Katniss slept all the time now. I sighed softly, debating but really I couldn't take something so small from my sister. "Of course." I mutter to her but on the inside I want to leave, to head out to the capital and yell at them for the way my sister is, that it's their fault they don't care about us in District 12. Instead I take a deep breath and start singing Katniss' favorite song. Deep in the glades, Where the caterpillar eats, Where the meadows meets the shade, There's a place of heart and a place of love, No one hurts, and no one has sorrow, The willow branches along a hill and beneath it lies our father, He breathes in the wind and when we meet him, He'll welcome us with open arms… I smile as I see Katniss fall into sleep. She loved that song, day or night it would make her happy. Prim liked the willow song but Katniss loved the Glades song because she liked to believe that when it takes her that father will be there waiting to take her to Heaven. I hoped she was right because I wanted her to be happy, so happy that she won't have to worry about when her next meal is that she won't have to worry about the pain her breathing causes her. I sigh though, because I know it won't happen, it'll never happen to us. Instead of weeping again I go on my way, out the door, past that weird old worm infected cat and to the roads. I debate for a moment, about just going back, so that I can keep my sisters and mother company but instead I head left, towards the fanciest part of our town. It's not that fancy, with its beat up market stalls, and the dark entrance to the caves, over seen by the peacekeepers, which make sure that everyone is working who can hold a pick. I don't work in the mines because women are not required to. We are usually expected to sit at home while the men work but that rule has been broken along time ago by more people then not. I'm not heading to the market place though, or the hob, a dark supposedly illegal market where I can sell my meat without real fear, and where things that shouldn't be seen by peacekeepers are sold. I'm heading to the victory houses. It's the place where the tributes, the one boy and one girl who are put up on the day of reaping, go if they win the Hunger games, which is what they call sticking the 24 tributes from each district into an arena and fighting like dogs, is called. I am not a victor, thankfully, but I'm headed there for a reason. I scored a job a long time ago, when I was barely twelve. " Please! I just need a job, anything, I'll do it!" I screamed at the top of my lungs. I was only twelve. I was expected to go to school but I knew the work and the tesseraes aren't keeping us as feed as I'd hoped. My mother was incapable of working, as well as my sisters. I just needed