I don't talk for sixteen days when I get back to District 12. I go through the motions of life, my head full of cotton that has no intention of blowing out anytime soon. I sip soup that is placed in front of me, I don't pay particular attention of where the food comes from, I just know I should eat it. I don't flinch when the hot broth flames on my tongue and slides down my throat. I'm only vaguely aware I should care about this, but I keep ladling the liquid passed my mouth, it tastes of air, after my taste buds have been scorched, not that it tasted like much more beforehand. At night I crawl into bed, my fingers curled around the thick blankets, each night it seems like another is added, more weight presses down on my empty shell of a body, but I cannot be crushed anymore than I already have in the past years. It isn't until I have gone through several days of eating whatever is set in front of me and being smothered under my own weight, which has dropped considerably recently, in blankets, that I notice a figure, presumably the one taking care of me. The day a cheese bun in placed in front of me I notice the fingers on the edge of the plate, they connect to a heavily scarred arm, leading to a soft gray shirt, my eyes follow, my head moves, and the figure freezes. It must be the first time I've made any motion other than eating and sleeping. I look up into wide blue eyes. Peeta Memories flash in front of my eyes, rain, mud, thrown bread, names called, fighting, loving, maybe the last one isn't true, maybe it is. I don't know. My head is still muddled with cotton. I don't say anything. He doesn't say anything. His mouth opens slightly, as if to talk, I stare at it. I look back to my cheese bun. I revert back to normal. Whatever that is now, eating, if you can call it that, sleeping, if you can call it that. My eating hasn't been great. I can feel my ribs trying to rip through my tightly stretched skin. I can feel my shirts becoming baggy, as though I'm wearing my father's old clothing. It's not the first time I've been so thin, though it is perhaps the first time I do not mind. I don't feel my stomach rumble in protest, trying to fill the emptiness with anything possible. I don't feel the fatigue all my limbs are weighted down with. My sleeping hasn't been great. The nightmares come, every night. I've lost energy to wake screaming, instead I wake silently, feeling my heart race with pain, staring at the ceiling, my mind as blank as my room walls, which I have never bothered to decorate. After the day Peeta gave me the cheese bun I've become slightly more intuned with the fact that he's here, leading me down the stairs in the morning, preparing me food, quietly urging me to eat more. "Please Katniss, you've gotten too thin, please eat," he pleads, pushing bowls of food I cannot taste into my hands. He starts fires and wraps me in thick blankets, feebly trying to get my body temperature up. When I fall asleep in front of the flames, I feel his arms wrap under my body, carrying me to my bed, layering more and more blankets every night. This routine must have been happening since I got home, I assume. Our procedure goes on happening for days and nights that I cannot keep count of. One night when Peeta lays me in bed the crushing weight on my body becomes too much, and it's not from the excessive amount of blankets Peeta has tucked me into. I am broken, and the pain is hitting me full force, after my time of numbness. I want it to stop. I need it to stop. I need someone. I need Peeta. I say my first word since coming back. "Stay," my voice is cracked with disuse, the word pushes itself up my throat and out of my lips like the soap bubbles I saw the capital kids blow while on the Victory Tour. It comes out below a whisper. Peeta's head turns, as though he's not sure I actually said anything. He begins to leave again, and I know if he does tonight will be the night that I'm crushed. Crushed by the void so heavily left after the war. So I muster up another word, pushing it from my stomach up to my mouth and out, another bubble, more urgent and round than the last. "Peeta," my mouth is paper dry, and it takes all my strength the utter his name. This time he does not doubt I have spoken. He sits in the edge of my bed, checking if it's alright. I want to wrap my arms around him, make him stay, make him hold me together, as he did before the Quarter Quell. Even after all this time I'm still using him. This realization almost makes me push him out, but I am selfish, and I want him, I need him. I try to move my arms, it feels like I have fifty pound weights strapped to both arms. I manage to get them to Peeta's wrist, before they fail and fall into the cotton sheets, my fingers managed to keep hold of him. I repeat myself, "Stay" my eyes plead with him, "Stay with me." He does not take much convincing, and unfolds next to me, he keeps me wrapped into the blankets. I lay my head on his chest, and as I drift into another nightmare and I wonder if I really hear him whisper "Always." Our routine continues, I only speak at night, asking him to stay, even though he knows to now. I cannot say if a day has passed or a week or a year, the schedule is monotonous and I fit right in. After in immeasurable amount of time I wake in the night, this time is different than the past silent fits I've woken too. This time my throat is itching, and feels like sandpaper, I hear screaming, my head thrashes wildly, they're hurting her, "PRIM!" I cannot see her, but I can hear her screaming. The screaming gets closer and closer, until it's on top of me. It takes me minutes to realize the noise is coming from my own mouth, I am the one screaming, this is the first time I have woken up, not mute, since being back home. Peeta's arms are wrapped around me like the vines we saw curled around the jungle trees in the clock arena. My screams sound odd now, I stop. It becomes eerily quiet, and I can hear my heart beat, as well as feel it in my throat, in my ears, and in the tips of my fingers and toes. In the dark silence I am all too aware of the fact that Peeta is so close, his eyes full of fear that I am not okay, which I'm not, he knows. It's just more apparent with the lights off and the volume of my scratchy voice turned up. All at once I seek comfort in him, impulsively, my cold chapped lips press against his soft warm ones, he doesn't react for a moment, then he's pushing me off, it's over in two seconds. "Katniss," he whispers quietly, I try to kiss him again, "Katniss, stop" his hands press against my waist softly. "No," I mumble into his chest. "I want you," I myself can hear how pathetic I sound, like Buttercup when I tried to drown him. That's how I feel now, like I'm drowning with no way to find the air that promises my lungs the relief they so desperately need. I hear him sigh, one of his hands runs down my hair, the other holding me protectively. "No, you're confused Katniss, you're still in shock, you're not... in the right mindset," Another person is leaving me. I don't know whether to cry, or give up, to let the water completely submerge me. No one wants me. I am broken and rough, no one wants to get near that. I roll over to my side facing away from Peeta. I don't cry, but another piece of me becomes hollow, I am utterly empty now. "Katniss," Peeta's voice is full of sadness, and maybe pity, which brings up a hot flame in my stomach, the first emotion I've felt other than pain since the war. "No. You can leave." "Katniss, no, it's just-" "GO," my vocal cords strain as I scream, flipping towards him, it's the fastest I've moved in such a long time that my body protests the simple action. My cheeks are hot and wet, his thumbs, which are soft like his lips, wipe my tears away. "Katniss," I'm not sure I like my name on his lips, "I can't," I know he is not talking about himself leaving. "Why not?" my voice bounces as small hiccups rack my abdomen. "Like I said, you're not in the right mindset, you're looking for an output, you don't really want that." his voice is quiet and sad. I realize the sad tone comes from the "you don't really want that." he wishes I wanted it. But right now I do want it. I think. Maybe I don't. I'm not sure. I stop crying but the hiccups bounce through my body, much like the feelings inside of my head. I curl into his side, his shirt is wet from where my tears slid off my face. He murmurs to me until I stop hiccuping, I don't fall asleep. The next morning Peeta goes about his normal routine, making me breakfast, pancakes today, urging me to eat more, making me a fire, wrapping me into a pile of wool. He is about to go about the rest of his day, I'm not sure what he does really, bakes? Paints? He has to do something other than take care of crazy old me. Before he leaves I speak up, the first time I've talked in daylight, and the first time I've put together words in complete sentences. I don't want to have this conversation in particular, I embarrassed myself enough the night before, but I have to say something. "Peeta?" my voice is getting better, although still thick. "Yes Katniss?" he stops in the doorway, his hand on the frame. The next words don't come out easily, "I'm sorry," I stare at the wooden floor when I say this, "It's okay, I understand" his voice is soft, and caring. He leaves after saying this, leaving me to stare at the fire and think about my actions, and his words. He understands, does that mean he tried to seek comfort in me before? Did I miss it? I think about before our first games, no, our contact before then was limited, to stories everyone has now memorized as the beginning of our "epic love story." After the first games? I crushed him, but then we became friends, I knew he wanted to be more, but respected my choices, is that what he was referring to? Perhaps. We go on pretending nothing happened, I begin to speak a little more, saying thank you when he prepares all three of my meals each day. I notice he sits and eats with me, something my brain blurred out previously. I pick my head up now, not keeping my gaze exclusively at the bowls and plates set under my nose. Eventually I talk more, "What do you do?" the question comes off vaguely. "What do I do?" "When you're not..." I pick at my cheese bun, searching for words, "making our meals, or building fires, or wrapping me in blankets?" "Oh, well, usually