Capitol Crossed Lovers CHAPTER 1 My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am sixteen years old. I am from the Capitol, and I fell in love with a boy fighting to the death on a screen. "Are you excited for the reapings today dear?" my mother's haughty voice trickles into my room as she comes to make sure I am up, at the ungodly hour of five in the morning, "Beauty is pain dear," that pain of course translating into me rising before the sun. As my mother reaches my room I jerk backwards, shocked at the sight of her greened face, I wonder if she dyed her skin before realizing it was a mask for her skin. Seeing my reaction she says "It's just a chemical peel," and she rolls her eyes, "Poly says it will make me look at least ten years younger." "Poly's quite the time keeper," I grumble, as she slides my light controls to their brightest setting, "Get out of that bed, Vapor will be here any minute," As I drag myself out of my thick bedding I wonder why she came to wake me, usually Vapor, my stylist, takes care of that. Regardless I have to get ready, today especially I "cannot dawdle around" because at ten I must be at the presidents house to watch the reapings. I must look my absolute best. Vapor has been my stylist since I was deemed old enough to wear make up and high end clothing (which was 15 months old.) Vapor sways into my room, in dramatic black smokey make-up, and a short black dress, paired with black heels. Black is very in right now. "How are you dear?" I know not to complain about the time because she has to get up at three to ready herself before she can come take care of me and my looks. One time when I was seven I grumbled about the time, and for my entire three hour session I was told how lucky I was to sleep in. Vapor and I are friends in a way, she knows me better than anybody, but she's sort of a second mother to me, a motherly friend. Vapor runs my bath and puts my favorite settings on, I disrobe and slide in, throwing my head back so she can do my make-up while the rest of me is taken care of by the machines. After a while I feel the bath begin to drain and the hot air blow into my hair, which Vapor styles while chatting about the events of tonight. Like me she gets to go to the president's house for the event, the advantage of being my stylist, or rather a stylist of the Everdeen family. Father's stylist (who really doesn't have to do much at all) Westh, gets to go, mother's stylist, Poly gets to go, as well as Vapor, and Vapor's brother, Valor, who is Prim's stylist; they need to be congratulated for their fine work on us. Vapor lays out a skirt and a bustier for me to step into, I dress then I walk to my mirror wall to admire her work. My hair is put up into in two braids along the sides of my head, which curve into a bun on the top of my head. My eyes are lined with white, the white is then lined with black, my lips are black as well. That's it for my make-up, minimalist. My nails are shiny black with matte black french tips. My bustier and skirt match, they are black and white squared patterns. "You are much too young to be wearing all black, I needed to lighten you up," Vapor purses her lips as she debates between two pairs of shoes in her hands: a pair of black heels, and a pair of black flats. Secretly I hope she chooses the flats; she doesn't. "It's beautiful," I tell her, like always, it's the polite thing to do. "Thank you dear, you're too kind," she packs her things, before hovering her lips above my left cheek, then my right as I do the same. We hover because we'd ruin our make-up if we actually pressed our lips against each others faces. Afterwards I have to be downstairs, promptly, to eat breakfast with my family. I check the time, my session is to end at 8, I am to be downstairs by 8:05, it's 8:03. I hurry out of my room, down the long hall, to the grand marble stair case, I click down and settle into my seat at 8:05 exactly. A line of avoxes come out, carrying silver individual plates, four of them, one for each of us. We are served and eat, casually talking, wondering what the games might be like this year. My mother hopes for a forest arena, the desert last year was "Too boring, the tributes died too quickly." We finish eating at 9:00, and we have a half hour before we have to leave. Prim and I look to our mother, hoping to get time to spend together. "You girls can be excused, make sure you're down promptly at 9:30 to leave for the viewings," we rise, and walk at an appropriate speed, not too excitedly, we cherish our time our time together, but we still must act in "polite lady like ways." We walk into our sprawling garden, and sit on the delicate golden hanging swings. "Wow, Prim look at those shoes!" I gasp. I don't know how Prim is walking, her feet are in simple black boots, with pointed toes, but the heel of the boot curls down into a crescent moon shape underneath her foot, reaching to the front of her boot a few inches away from her toe, leaving her balancing on a rocker. I'd be on my face in a minute, flat, but she's always been steadier on her feet than me. "I know! I just love them," Prim gushes, picking up her thin leg to examine the boots. "Valor actually designed them just for me, they're called Primful," the name is kind of funny, it's supposed to sound like sinful which is the antonym to Prim. We sit and talk for the half hour we have left, I wish I could play with Prim's hair, like I do when she sneaks into my room late at night so we can talk, off schedule, god forbid. I contain myself however, and don't ruin Valor's hard work. After our time has passed we walk to the car that will take us to one of the biggest parties of the year. All four of us sit in the back, and we're all grateful that our stylists chose outfits that don't wrinkle, having to sprawl along the chairs and lay the entire ride is really a pain. Our talk during the drive is nothing of real substance. We talk about fashion, jewels, the games. Once we arrive an avox helps us out of the car, I fall into step next to Prim, behind our parents. We walk up the wide stairs, and into the mansion,"Gale and Rose should be here, why don't you go look from them?" my mother suggests, another way of saying "leave the adults to talk." Gale and Rose are President Snow's grandchildren, Gale is a few years older than me. Rose is Prim's age, we always joke those two complete each other, they have been best friend's their entire life, and because Prim's full name is Primrose, but she goes by Prim, Rose is her other half. Gale is my friend, but everyone thinks there is more. My parents wish there was more, they want me to marry Gale, he has very good status, being the president's grandson and all. Gale wants me to marry Gale too. At least that's what everybody says, Prim sometimes gushes to me how cute we'd be together, how we're meant to be, how everyone thinks it, including Gale. As if sensing my thoughts, Prim grabs my hand, and whispers into my ear, "Gale will love you in that outfit," I smile uncomfortably, it's not that I don't like Gale, because I do, he's a good friend, but I can't see him as anything more. We eventually find Gale and Rose at a table that's lavished with crème brûlées, chocolate covered strawberries, custards, berry tarts, mousses, and tall sponge cakes. Gale is teasing Rose, he puts a dot of whipped cream from a tart on the tip of her nose. "Gale, don't!" Rose has the sweetest voice, and doesn't sound threatening at all. "You'll mess up my make-up, and Apollo did a really beautiful job!" she wipes her nose, when she notices us approaching her and her brother. "Prim! You're here, finally!" Prim gathers her in a hug before they stand back to admire each other's outfits, Prim's shoes get a lot of attention. "Hey," I greet Gale, he pulls me into a hug, "Is anyone else here yet?" I refer to our 'friends', Finnick Odair, and Johanna Mason, they're previous victors, and are invited to watch the reapings with us, to deny would be a giant disrespect to the Capitol, and the president. They couldn't say no. We became 'friends' with the two a few years back. I quote friends because they don't really like us, I'm fact they loathe us, and everything we are. We have everything while they grew up having nothing, and their districts still have very little; but we aren't bad company. "Nah, they're probably getting here soon," Gale picks out a tart and eats it in one bite, after he finishes talking, to be polite, of course. "The shows are starting soon, so you better eat before we have to settle down," "I just had breakfast," I offer. Gale shrugs his head to a table with a tower of flutes containing a bubbly pink drink. The drink looks sweet but in reality it will have you throwing out your stomach in a matter of seconds. I hate throwing up. It's gross, physically and morally. The first time I had one of the flutes I was six, I had complained to my mother about my stomach, which ached because I had too many rich chocolate cakes. She had handed me a flute, trying to juggle Prim in her other arm, while talking to the game maker. Curious of the pretty drink I downed it right then and there, throwing up on the game maker, and my mother's shoes. You can imagine the mortification I caused. Ever since I've hated the feeling of being sick, not that it's great for anyone, they just don't mind it as much. I realized the morality of it when I threw up upon my first meeting with Johanna and Finnick. I had overstuffed myself, and I needed to get the food out, I felt that desperately uncomfortable. I grabbed myself a drink and excused myself to the bathroom, where I could hear others making themselves sick. Afterwards I walked back out, feeling much better, but I could see the looks of disgust on their faces. I remember being grateful that Vapor had painted red for my make-up, because my face had never felt hotter with shame. That was the last time I'd forcibly thrown up, but I hadn't made a good first impression, to say the least. While Gale pays attention to what dessert he'll pick next, not minding that it's only 10:30, I look for Prim and Rose. They're at a separate table, that has a tower of truffles taller than them, and their eyes are lit up. They point, and grab, and eat, and laugh, and eat, and drink flutes of bubbly pink drinks. A tiny bit of disappointment floods down my throat and sloshes in my stomach, with the same feeling the drink would give me. I turn around and standing less than a foot away is Finnick Odair, he flashes his bright