Chapter 1: Hell Of A Life I gained cognizance at age 6. My name is Ara Black. Though, a lot of the time I end up referring to myself as the person I previously knew myself to be. Harry Potter. I only ever end up doing that in my head, and fortunately enough I'm doing that less and less recently. I guess it's funny in a way, that my life as Harry wasn't as long as it was, now that it's helping me adjust to my new identity while I catch up to my previous age. I know I'm Ara now, but Harry's memories will always be there. There's often nights I find myself reminiscing as to how I got here. How Harry ended up becoming Ara. It had been a few years since Voldemort had died, I was 23 years old at the time. I had actually ended up moving in with Andromeda Tonks and my godson Teddy sometime around '99. Ginny and I had sort of drifted apart after the conclusion of the war. It just felt like the relationship was born out of desperation, like I was trying to find an anchor for myself in all the chaos at the time, and Ginny served that purpose. And when that desperation dissolved, so did the passion. Thankfully it all ended as well as could be hoped, considering it was a breakup afterall, unpleasant but it surely wasn't terrible. I felt so anyway. Andi was there for me and took me in after that, wasn't exactly going to be comfy at the Burrow after breaking baby Weasley's heart. It was a definite bonus that I got to dote on Teddy as much as I wanted, so definitely for the best. Life went on after that. Neville, Ron, and I went through with the Auror training and subsequently worked at the DMLE. Hermione of course completed her final year alongside Ginny and Luna. Hermione ended up at the ministry, working at The Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. S.P.E.W lived! Ginny got a contract with the Holyhead Harpies, and Luna was working under some Scamander bloke for her Magizoology mastery. In my capacity as an Auror I'd even kept tabs on the Malfoys, for obvious reasons. Although over time, I'd done my best to get along with Narcissa, she and Andi had reconciled so she was around fairly often. It's wasn't easy being civil with one of the most bigoted and venomous people I knew, but she did spare my life and I vouched for her family, sparing them Azkaban, so we made it work. Draco was doing better as well. We spoke some after the war. I won't say we were ever friends, but I did end up understanding his position somewhat better. His choices were never the smartest or ever took in mind my personal well being, but they were always done with his family in mind. I couldn't begrudge him for that too much. Still an arsehole though. I never spoke of or to Lucius. I always have and will despise the man. He should just be thankful he was alive, a dementorless Azkaban was more than he deserved. It was April 2003 when I'd lost everything all over again. Andi, Hermione, Ron, Teddy, and I were out that day in celebration of Teddy's fifth birthday. We'd just spent a brilliant day at Canary Wharf, and were on our way to the war memorial at the ministry to show Teddy Remus and Nymphadora. At this point in my life, I had grown very very accustomed to being in a caring and loving environment, surrounded with the few people in the world who I could sincerely consider more precious than life to me you see. So their loss absolutely destroyed me. I still remember describing how I felt following Sirius' and Dora's passing. I felt much the same with Dobby's and Hedwig's death too. Physical, and never-ending pain, like a constant festering wound. The agony I felt at the death of those four… Well let's just say I would have considered being back in that graveyard under Tom's Cruciatus a welcome reprieve from the suffering I went through. One of Riddle's last surviving sycophants chose the fifth anniversary of the end of the war for his tribute. It was just coincidence that he decided the memorial was the best location, and it was just blind luck that the "Chosen One" ended up being there with his family. So one massive explosion later, I woke up in St. Mungo's barely hanging on to my life. My family wasn't so lucky. That day I truly lost the four people who meant everything to me. And with them fled any will I had left to live. My family wasn't perfect by any means, but they were mine and I loved them. My own guiding light in a vast darkness. Ron and Hermione still fought over the littlest of things, but they loved each other and they loved me. And that was enough for me. Teddy always served as a reminder of the people who never made it out of the last war, Moony and Tonks especially, but for all intents and purposes he was my son and I was his father. And we showed each other that sentiment every single day. And Andi was always stern with me, she never approved of how I indulged myself a little when it came to the fairer sex or lost myself to my work, despite the fact that it was my coping mechanism. But she was my pillar of strength, my shoulder to cry on, and my very first family member who looked after me. I...just lost it. I don't remember much of what I had done following the last rites. I was pretty much in a drunken stupor for the next few days. I'm sure every bar in Diagon Alley had to replenish their stores after I'd graced them with my presence. My last clear memory before my death was standing there in front of that cursed arch that took Sirius. I remembered the conversation I had with Luna when were still in Hogwarts, about the voices beyond the veil. About the loved ones who left us, just there, just a step forward and I'd be reunited with them. That's all that was going through my head. So I stepped through the Veil of Death. Ending the saga of Harry Potter. A pathetic life if there ever was in my opinion. Except maybe Sirius or Peter, now that I think about it. From the little he told me himself, and the blanks later filled in by Andi, his life was seriously tragic. And Peter, well, he was just a miserable sod whose end was caused by his own hand - literally. I was expecting the same sort of scene that I experienced the first time I died, but rather than Dumbledore, the people who I actually wanted to meet waiting for me instead. What I actually got was something similar to the browned, damp pages of an old book somewhere, and I came out looking like a silhouette of myself. I was alone and confused until another silhouette creeped up on me. Almost looked like a skinny version of Hagrid draping a large black sheet over himself. Turns out, it was Death. "Welcome O' Great and Powerful Master of Death" That was the first thing it said to me. You expect a lot from the avatar of death, a sarky little shite of an attitude wasn't one of those. It took a while to get a handle on the situation, what eventually came out was that me being the last person in contact with all three hallows somehow made me the master of death. Even better, as a result of said status I was not allowed to die till such time that someone else gained ownership of all three. So the decision Death had made was to simply spit me back out of the veil, when and where I came in from. That was not acceptable to me. A bit of bargaining and a lot of arguing later we came to an understanding. In exchange for me forfeiting the three hallows to Death, he would permit me another chance at life and I would also be allowed to die properly the next time. Only catch, I wasn't reliving my own life as Harry, I would be born to a family that was originally meant to be culled by Voldemort much earlier on. He couldn't send me back to my original time because apparently the whole living horcrux thing fucks his ability to interfere up. I agreed with the stipulation that whatever horcruxes he had created up until the moment I was being reborn would be made redundant. I was not about to go through that scavenger hunt again. And If Death almighty can't take fractured pieces of some megalomaniacs soul, what would honestly be the point of him. I'll admit at the time I almost didn't take the offer. It really wasn't an ideal choice for me, I just wanted to be done with it all. But the revelation that I could prevent the deaths of so many I cherished, and even the chance to hopefully make a better environment for everyone down the line. It would have been even more selfish of me to give up the deal than taking it was. And in that instance, that relentless pain that followed me everywhere lifted. Poof up and gone, just like - well magic. Seems a little convenient to be sure, but I'll just have to live with it. The knowledge that I'll be there to make sure that no one I love will suffer as long as I do my job properly relieves more than a fair bit of the weight on my conscience. I'm sure Death did their part in ensuring my transition was as seamless as possible too. Can't exactly have an alcoholic toddler with a penchant for suicidal behaviour running around. I'm sure that would've been more than a little odd. So here I am, born Ara Black, July 31st 1955. Son of Dorea Black and Charlus Potter - who would've been my father had he not been dead before my birth. I wonder if I'll have both parents the third time around. Anyway, as a result of her husband's passing my mother was taken back in by the Black family head - her brother Arcturus Black, and I was named as Black instead of Potter. It was no big deal to the Potters either way. Charlus' elder brother Fleamont and his wife Euphemia Potter are still alive, well, and relatively young - for wizards anyway. So my original grandparents still had my original father. I still look much the same as I did previously, same green eyes, same messy hair - if a little darker in shade. I do have sharper features now though, resembling my mother Dorea a fair bit, squarer jaw, higher cheeks and such. Best part though, I'm actually being fed properly, so I'm hopeful that I'll be taller than I was; also no more specs. I was never really fond of being challenged in the height and sight department. I was a little apprehensive initially, when I found out who my direct family was. I was wary of being treated like Sirius was. I needn't have worried though, sifting through my memories of Ara's life before age six, I realized just how beautiful a person Dorea is. I am so absolutely adored by my mum, it really baffles me sometimes. And I can wholeheartedly say I feel just the same about her. Unconditional love. Is this how all children with loving parents grow up? Because if it is, I think I finally understand the concept of a mama's boy. And over time we've only grown closer. It's honestly a little overwhelming,