All things and characters in the Harry Potter world belong to JK Rowling. The storyline is mine. The truth: Brilliant, educated and versatile people can also be ridiculous and obstinate. Hermione and Severus are in a battle to see which of them can be the most ridiculous and the most obstinate. We will have a ringside seat to watch the implosion and what comes after. AU/OOC/M. Making The First Move Hermione looked up from what she was doing to see Severus speaking to that sexy, blonde witch yet again. Hermione had waited on her one time and that one time had been enough. She reminded Hermione of Lavender Brown. All flirt and no mental substance. Hermione knew she was being mentally rude, but the witch most certainly rubbed her the wrong way. Hermione was also irritated to see miserable git Severus smiling and fawning over a customer when he had nothing but frowns and growls for the rest of the world. He was disgusting. The blonde couldn't possibly need the things she bought unless she was a Sorceress intent on hexing the whole of London. Hermione felt herself redden. She was being totally facetious. Obviously in this day and age, there weren't any Sorcerers still around the Wizarding World. With that said. If she wasn't a Sorceress, then the witch had to have an ulterior motive for visiting the shop as often as she did. There was absolutely no way she needed to be in the building three times a week asking to be shown rare and exotic plants, potions and flowers. Not even the most experienced Potions Masters or Brew Masters in Britain visited the shop as often as this witch. "As if those well manicured nails had ever brought any mix to a boil," Hermione huffed to herself in annoyance. After the witch's first few visits, the reason she was at the shop so often had become apparent. She was interested in Severus. And he in her. They stood far too close to each other and smiled much too often to be transacting business. Initially, Hermione couldn't believe the foul tempered git would allow any woman to get close to him. But as the weeks passed and their interactions became more pronounced. Hermione recognized what was happening. She wanted to walk right over to vomit on the both of them. Hermione laughed at the mental picture of her vomiting all over Severus' well shined shoes. She had obviously laughed a bit too loud because she glanced up in time to see Severus give her a scathing look. Hermione bristled over the look Severus had given her. However, instead of her normal tit-for-tat she continued about her business mumbling unkind things about the owner of Snape & Longbottom. Suddenly someone tapped her on the shoulder. Hermione had turned to find Michael Corner smiling at her. "Hello love. I decided to stop by to see if you wanted dinner before going home." "How thoughtful of you Michael. Thank you. I…" Hermione hadn't been able to finish her thought. As though he could hear across the room. Severus called out that the Erulian Lilies were still sitting out back waiting to be sorted. Hermione was aware the lilies had arrived. They had been in their warehouse all of fifteen minutes. Hermione knew Severus meant for her to end the conversation with Michael by intimating she was allowing a fragile delivery to sit too long. She didn't want to get into a battle with Severus. At least she didn't want to get into a battle in the middle of the shop. Hermione didn't have any hesitation in bringing a battle to him. She just wouldn't do it now. Michael gave Hermione a defeated smile. "It seems I cannot win for losing. Whenever I stop by you are inundated. Is it silly of me to ask if I should come back in a bit? Or shall I just give it up as a bad job?" Michael leaned in a bit closer to Hermione's ear to whisper a private thought. "You are an amazing witch. I have not thought about anything else since our time together. If I may be a bit frank, I along with my dick want you back in my bed. Before you go all Granger on me. It's not just my dick that wants you. I want you. And not just after a night of drunken festivities. I think we would make an outstanding couple. All you need to do is give me a chance." "You have such a way with words Mr. Corner," Hermione answered sarcastically. "I don't understand why all the witches in London haven't fallen into your bed." Michael leaned in even closer so his lips were touching Hermione's ear. Suddenly Severus was in front of her. She hadn't even realized he'd moved from his place across the room. Hermione hated when he did that. "I hope I'm not interrupting any of your well laid plans Mr. Corner, but Hermione has Erulian Lilies to see to. They won't see to themselves. Perhaps you can eat her ear some other time at some place other than Snape & Longbottom's." "Duly noted," answered Hermione's would be suitor. "I hope my presence hasn't offended you." Showing himself to be in a foul mood. Severus had answered sharply. "I would have to have a reason why your presence offended me. At this moment in time. I have none. You may chew Hermione's ear off any time you like. Except when the Erulian Lilies are in need of care. If you will excuse me. I am being summoned." With a flip of his navy blue (he now wore navy blue in place of black) robes, Severus headed over to assist the blonde who he now considered one of their more prominent customers. Hermione's eyes bore into Severus' back as he walked across the room. He was being an absolute shite. Michael chose this moment to remind Hermione he was still there. "There seems to be a bit of dissension between you and Severus. I hope my being here is not the cause. Shall I meet you somewhere later so we can finish our discussion? You name the place. I'll be there." Hermione took a deep breath and turned back to Michael. "I think we can do that. I'll need a few minutes to stop by the house to make myself beautiful. How about Lucia's for 8:30?" "Glancing around to check on Severus' whereabouts. Michael made a quiet comment. "I can stop by yours if you like. We'll be able to arrive at Lucia's together." Hermione shook her head. "Perhaps I'll invite you over after we've done more than have one drunken shag. For now. Let's meet at Lucia's at 8:30." With a sigh of defeat, Michael resigned himself to meeting this gorgeous witch in a public place when all he wanted was to get her naked in his bed. "Right then. I'll see you at 8:30. Until then." Hermione watched him walk out the door as had a very annoyed Severus Snape. Hermione caught Severus' eye as she glanced across the room. He had glared at her and she had glared right back. How dare he, thought Hermione. Perhaps he should keep his mind on the blonde slag who is trying her best to rub up against what I can only assume is a rock hard dick and keep his nose out of my business. /*/ "I'm on my way to see about the Erulian Lilies," Hermione called out loudly. "Perhaps you will do well to remember these particular lilies will remain fresh for up to twenty four hours in their crates." Severus threw another glare her way as he continued to talk with his customer . "Bastard." Hermione mumbled to herself. One day soon she was going to leave this shite hole of a shop to establish her own premises. Hermione sighed. She was talking bull shite. She had signed a three year contract with Snape and Longbottom. Her term wouldn't be up for another year. Until then she would have to put up with the overbearing Severus Snape. On her way to the back, Hermione chanced to look back at Severus in time to see the blonde run her finger down his cheek. "Bloody, hypocritical bastard." /*/ Hermione worked diligently unpacking and setting up the Erulian Lilies which were also known as Runecaster Lilies. They were beautiful flowers from West Africa whose beauty was only rivaled by their medicinal properties. Neville had been lucky enough to secure an entire crate of plants along with a box of twenty bulbs. Although she was loathe to admit it. Severus had been right. She should have gone right to the back to see about the shipment instead of wasting time with her one night stand. Although Michael had been quite the one off. Hermione wasn't sure if she wanted more from him. Auror Michael Corner had acquired something of a reputation. It was a fact that some wizards should be kept to nothing more than a one night stand. As should some witches. /*/ Hermione was thinking about the sexy time she'd had with Michael when Neville came through the back door. "Hello Hermione. What's good?" he asked giving her a quick hug. "Glad to see you and Severus haven't blown up the shop. I worry when I have to leave you two alone." Hermione grinned at the gentle partner. "I'd leave before it came to that. Severus is all bluster. I just seem to rub him the wrong way." "As if he didn't rub you the wrong way as well. As vile as Severus was while we were at Hogwarts. I marvel at the latitude he now gives you." "Latitude? The man doesn't let up. I thought he was going to have a stroke earlier. He was apoplectic because I was chatting with Michael Corner while the Erulians sat out back unattended. He obviously felt I was wasting time when I should have been out here doing Noah or Ethan's job." /*/ Neville wasn't getting in between Hermione and Severus. He knew better. He did what he had learned to do best. He changed the subject. "I will be in the shop for the next several days. There are several things I'd like to discuss with you and Severus. There is a plant I think will be an excellent addition to our stores. In addition, I think we should give the BeastBee a hard look. The uses for this particular insect seem promising. About the meeting. I know you declined to sit in on our last meeting. This go round we'd like your input. Both Severus and I value your opinion." "Thanks Neville. I'll think about it. I just don't know if I can take Severus' miserable and overbearing manner in an enclosed space." "Alright Hermione. I'll leave it up to you. I hope I'm not speaking out of turn when I say this. You are wasted here. You are brilliant. You should be in the labs every day. For some reason, you have let Severus knock you off your game. If it's not working out for you here, perhaps you should take up another career or find a similar position elsewhere." /*/ Neville's words had stung Hermione. But he was correct. She had thought working beside the renowned Potions Master Severus Snape would be a dream job and had jumped at the chance to work with him. The first months had been delightful. She and Severus had worked seamlessly together. They discussed. They collaborated. They went out to dinner. They had been comfortable in each other's company. Then out of the blue Severus had become cold and distant. He became dismissive when they worked together. Working with him became so uncomfortable, Hermione chose to research and brew alone. Maybe the best way to go would be to sit down with the surly bastard. They would either get it sorted or she