The subterranean citadel of the wood elves hasn't been calm since its people were usurped from their forest by the dark forces of orcs and spiders and forced underground to protect themselves. Their king has been strong for many years despite some of the difficult decisions that faced him in the darkest of hours. Despite how prideful their leader could be, having to prove himself and fill the space his father left in the role decades before, he always attributed the success of his choices to the one elf he trusted more than any other, his quiet storm, his Alagoron. Or that was the name he used for him, having known him since they were both young elves in what once was Greenwood the Great. Many others only refer to him as Triwathon for the things he had to do in the past before he became an advisor to him. He wanted someone he trusted by his side and to protect him from the dangers of his former occupation. He never acknowledged that part of Alagoron around others but it did come up in the quiet gossip of Mirkwood. He denied all claims and simply told the inquirer to trust their king's judgment and not the words of those that only wish to stir trouble. Feigning innocence on both sides couldn't last for long but the Elf king was determined to protect his storm at all costs. If only others would tire of digging into Alagoron's abandoned past. He still recalls the night he found him at the gates to his kingdom, how his heart fluttered upon sight of his old friend and the burden the other had obviously carried during their years apart. He confessed everything to him, what desperation had forced him to do to survive and how heavy his guilt had become. He pleaded for asylum in his kingdom as no other king would be willing to grant it to him but there had always been a home for the other under Thranduil's rule. Alagoron left behind his misdeeds some years back to serve as the ever-vigilant, eternally loyal advisor to his king and beloved friend. Even if people still whisper in the shadows about his past actions, he tries to ignore it and wear a face of confidence in his time with Thranduil but the king knows his dark past still weighs upon his soul greatly. He never falters when others accuse him of being a potential traitor or when faceless villains pin threats to his door with daggers but Thranduil knows the deep wounds they cause the other and feels the pain reverberate in himself. The two have always shared a deep connection since their youth and even after years apart, their bond was still just as strong. Even now, the King of Mirkwood can feel the weight of his advisor's sorrow though it doesn't show even in his eyes, the other's face is stoic as he receives yet another accusation from a "concerned citizen". "That's quite enough, Lainien." The young brunette Wood Elf turns to her king at the sound of her name. "But my liege" "I won't stand by and let you or anyone else continue making these ridiculous claims about my most trusted advisor." Thranduil states as he rises from his throne. "Do you not even realize what risk you are putting yourself in?" Lainien argues. "Leaving yourself vulnerable to the likes of a belthor? Have you not heard the stories?" "I have but I'm wise enough to know them to be only that: stories crafted by those that wish to see the monarchy crumble," Thranduil explains "and I'm shocked that someone of your wit would be such a fool to believe those tales." "But is it not true that he came to you in the night and became your advisor the following morning?" Lainien inquires. "With not even an explanation of where he came from or why he came here?" "I did explain myself." Alagoron speaks up, spooking the younger elf girl before him. "Our king respects my privacy and doesn't attempt to spread rumors like those that know nothing attempt to do. Do you not trust your king's judgment?" "I do trust his judgment." She responds, mildly glaring at the other. "Then why do you question his choice in members of his court?" Alagoron inquires. "I have served beside our king for many years and nothing has happened to him in that time. We have only guaranteed the safety and wellbeing of Mirkwood and its people. I have more than proven that I'm no threat to him, he is both my king and my dearest friend and anyone who dares to threaten his life or wellbeing will know my wrath. I'm here as the counterbalance of his judgment and the blade between him and anyone that wishes to harm him. If you still have doubts about your king's choices, you are more than free to pack your belongings and leave his kingdom but know that my words are the truth from my own heart." The she-elf takes a few steps back and nods, looking away and crossing her arms as she reluctantly replies. "Of course, Triwathon. I apologize for my ignorance." "You're fine, Lainien." Thranduil sighs, approaching Alagoron and placing a hand on the other's shoulder. "Not many of our people alive today understand the friendship I share with Alagoron but in his time with us, my father treated him as though he were my brother and I trust his judgments in my choices as well as my life in his hands." He turns to Lainien, drawing his attention from the other. "I do hope the next time we speak, it will be on better terms than tonight." "Of course, my liege." Lainien bows her head then quickly turns and makes her way out of the throne room. The Elven king turns his attention to his friend, his fingers gently kneading into a tense shoulder. "Are you okay, nin mellon?" Alagoron simply nods, his gaze falling to the floor until Thranduil forces him to look up, stormy blue-grey meeting with stunning bright blue eyes. "I'm not sure how you can stay so strong when our people put so much weight upon your burdened soul. I wish I had your strength at times." "It's not really strength at this point." Alagoron sighs, his eyes shifting to the side. "I've simply learned to not let the words of others attempt to cut too deep." "That doesn't mean that they don't leave their marks in you." Thranduil states. "I still sense you are carrying a heavy guilt from your past. I understand why but know you don't need to carry this burden alone." "You already have enough worries in regards to your kingdom and your people." Alagoron argues, his eyes shifting to sharply stare at the other. "Don't make my weight yours, only a fool would allow such to occur when they carry a greater weight themselves." "You have easily helped relieve me of the greater burdens of being a ruler without realizing and you've been carrying some my burdens during your time by my side." Thranduil explains. "Why not let me return the favor for being such a loyal friend?" Alagoron glances away again and Thranduil lets his hand slide to the other's cheek, gently caressing the other's face. "I won't bother you any further on the subject for now but if you ever feel your soul become too heavy to carry on, know that I will be willing to offer some relief, no matter how slight it may be." The other nods and the king pulls himself away from his friend. "For now, you should go rest. We both will need our minds clear for the coming of tomorrow." Alagoron nods and walks away, slowly descending the stairs of the throne. Thranduil watches as he leaves the room then sits upon his throne again, his hand hovering over his heart as his breath becomes labored. "Why must you make yourself suffer so, my storm?" The king mutters to himself. "Even now, I feel the cold grip of something dark on you, slowly squeezing your essence, trying to put out your spark as a man would the flame of a candle. You remain strong in the face of accusation but you grow weak with each passing day from the doubt. You continue carrying this guilt and shame, letting it settle deep in your soul until it begins to rot away at your heart and eventually your mind. Why won't you let me soothe away such pains? Do you not feel the love I have for you that grows stronger with each passing day?" "Father?" The Elven king looks up in response to the title, finding his son kneeling before him, deep blue eyes shimmering with concern. "Are you alright? You seem as if in pain." "I'm fine, Legolas." Thranduil sighs, forcing himself to sit up from his folded position, his hand still lingering over his chest. "What brings you to me in the late hours of the night?" "I ran into Triwathon in the halls after I returned from my patrol in the forest." Legolas explains. "He spoke and acted normal but I sensed something amiss in the brief time of us speaking. Something dark has settled in him and I'm unsure of what may be the cause. He's your trusted advisor and beloved friend, so I thought it best to tell you in case you may know the reason and can help him." "You say that as though I've not tried to many times already." Thranduil heavily sighs. "Alagoron is stubborn in his nature, thinking he's providing relief to me by shouldering my hardships of a ruler as well as carrying his own troubles. I feel the exhaustion his past brings to his soul, the strain of having to hold back so much to aid me. I feel as though he is punishing himself for what he's done before when he has no need to. I wish I could help him but he refuses to accept my aid." "Perhaps this is something you should talk to him about and not just in passing conversations between a king and his advisor." Legolas advises. "He may not be willing to accept your help but his soul may continue to grow heavy until his body can no longer contain him. And from the darkness I felt as he passed me, he is fairly close to reaching that point." Thranduil nods and rises to his feet, his son doing the same as the two lock eyes. "I'll see if I can still reach out to the elf I knew in my youth and try to break through his walls. I wish not to hurt him but he is only harming himself continuing to carry his grievances in silence." "Then you should hurry." Legolas says. "He went into his quarters in quite a hurry after we spoke and I feel nothing good may come of it." The king hurries past his son as the young elf remains before the throne, his one hand sliding down to an empty sheath where one of his daggers once sat on his hip. He knows he brought it home with him and only discovered it gone after the encounter with the advisor. "I just hope my hesitation won't be the end of him. Father cares for him greatly and I would hate to see his heart broken once more over a lost love." Thranduil quickly arrived to the private quarters of his advisor and knocks at the door, anxious when he hears no response from the room. He takes a breath and enters the room, surprised to find it vacant of his friend. "Alagoron?" He calls out for the other but hears no response and a brief search of the room leaves little evidence to where the other has gone. As he combs through the room, he does stumble upon