A/N: I'm doing the official disclaimer here and now. I do not own any of the characters that are mentioned in this fanfic, I do not own any of the places that are mentioned in this story. This story sort of follows the storyline of the 'Harry Potter' franchise that belongs to J.K Rowling. There is no copyright intended in this chapter or any future chapters that will follow. Many Thanks. A/N: Warning: This story starts in the summer between 4th and 5th year, after the death of Cedric Diggory. Some of the characters will appear OOC and there will be distressing chapters later on, which is why this story has been rated M. There will be swearing and disturbing violence, I will mark the truly disturbing chapters so hopefully, the more sensitive reader will have advanced warning. Many Thanks. Hope you enjoy! :) Chapter 1 - Grimmauld Place Hermione Granger sat in her empty childhood home on a lazy mid-August evening. It had been only seven weeks since the murder of Cedric Diggory and the return of Voldemort. Dumbledore had taken her parents, much to their displeasure, and moved them to a secure location for protection. Hermione had no idea where they were, she just knew that they were safe and for now, that was all that really mattered. You see, things were happening already now that Voldemort had returned. Hermione had received word a few days ago that there had been a Dementor attack on Harry and his cousin Dudley close to where they lived in Surrey. The Order had immediately come together and decided that other muggle homes, such as the Granger's, could be under threat as well depending on what Voldemort knew about Harry and his friends. So, as a precautionary response, Hermione was going to be spending the rest of the summer away from her home and her parents would be sent somewhere safe and protected. Hermione was sat in her kitchen with her suitcase and a few other personal effects. She was waiting for an order member to come and collect her and escort her to Grimmauld Place where she would spend the rest of her summer until her fifth year at Hogwarts began in September. 'It could be worse' she sighed to herself. She wasn't sure how long she sat there just thinking about how everything was now going to change. This was it, war would be imminent and there was nothing that could be done about it except fight. A knock at the front door broke her line of thought and she moved to answer it. As she looked through the hole on the door to see who it was, she became slightly anxious when she noticed her potions professor, Severus Snape, staring directly back at her as if he knew she was watching him through the spyglass. "Today would be wonderful, Miss Granger, if you don't mind" he stated impatiently whilst tapping his foot. Without any further hesitation she threw the door open and came face to face with the man. "Come in Professor" she said meekly. They professor swept into the house and walked straight past Hermione and straight into the kitchen and shrunk her belongings. "Ready to go Miss Granger?" He inquired. Hermione just nodded, she knew she would stutter if she tried to speak and was in no mood for his mockery tonight. Hermione took one last look around her house and moved towards the door where her professor was waiting for her. As they navigated the quiet, nearly dark streets of her town she couldn't help but let her mind wonder to the enigma that was Severus Snape. He was dark, brooding, a death eater (even if in disguise), sarcastic, belittling and downright terrifying. However, she couldn't help thinking about the other side of him that no one knew about. Surely to be this deeply involved in The Order and go as far as putting his own life on the line for them, there surely had to be more to him than what he let on. She chances a glance at the professor and noticed he was staring back at her with a raised eyebrow. Bugger. She had forgot about him being a legillimens, she flushed red before staring back at the road ahead. "Thoughts like that can become dangerous if one is not careful, I suggest you desist, Granger" he threatened. Severus Snape was astounded by what he had seen in the young girls head. There was no horrible thoughts or images of ways she wished she could maim him but instead, there was the desire to understand him and give him the benefit of the doubt. 'Stupid Chit' he thought bitterly to himself. They eventually reached a safe apparition point and without a word he grabbed her arm, linking it with his, and dissaperated in a cloud of dust. Hermione had never apparated before and no sooner had they landed she felt her stomach turn and her face turned green as she let go of her professor, turned her head away from him and threw up what seemed like everything she had ever eaten. She grimaced, she hated being sick. After a couple of minutes the sickness stopped and the post-apparition nausea vanished. She couldn't believe she had just lost the contents of her stomach in front of Snape. He would surely hold this against her in her classes. She groaned. "Quite finished Granger?" He looked down his nose at her and vanished the mess she had made. Hermione nodded a switch that they continued the rest of the journey to headquarters. Upon arrival Hermione was led towards the kitchen where other Order members were gathered around the table discussing their next moves. Snape entered the room and a hush settled across the members as they knew Hermione would be following in behind. She was still a minor, she was not yet an Order member and they had no desire for her to be involved in such matters yet. In the kitchen sat Remus, Moody, Sirius, Tonks, Mr and Mrs Weasley, Kingsley, Snape, McGonagall and Dumbledore. "Hermione dear, welcome, you look awfully pale child, let me fix you something to eat" Mrs Weasley fussed over her. "I'm ok thank you Mrs Weasley" Hermione replied hoping that Molly would just leave her be. But Molly seemed to ignore her request and went about bustling for something for her to eat. "Come and sit Hermione" Remus invited her in the vacant seat next to him. "How are you?" He asked concerned. Everyone knew about her being separated from her parents and that she must feel a little out of place here without her friends. In truth, Hermione was more than a little uneasy. Apparently when Harry had learned that she would be spending the summer with his godfather and he had to remain with his aunt and uncle, he went mad and was so angry at the situation and had snubbed her letters of apology that she had sent to him. She would have to rebuild some bridges before school started again. "Now Miss Granger, you will be staying here for the rest of the holidays, as you have already been informed" Dumbledore addressed her. "There will be Remus, Sirius and Severus staying with you so if you need anything you will find one of them to assist you. I will be checking in frequently to give updates and discuss the situation and the changes that may come about this summer. I must ask you Miss Granger not to go exploring too much in this house. It comes from a very old wizarding family that upheld...ideals, and you never know what you may come across here dear. However, I am sure that you will be shown the library that is here and this will keep you occupied" Dumbledore explained. Hermione smiled at the thought of new reading material and the opportunity to broaden her knowledge. She could research and hopefully feel slightly more prepared for the tough times ahead. "That's put a smile on her face, that's our Hermione" Mr Weasley beamed. "If you can wait 10 minutes for the conclusion of this meeting then I will show you and Snape what rooms you will be staying in" Sirius smiled warmly. Hermione smiled back and expressed her thanks before being led out of the kitchen by Molly and a plate of food. Hermione wandered into a room and quickly discovered the Black family tree room and had a look at the centuries of history. She saw a few names that she noticed such as Bellatrix, Narcissa Malfoy, Andromeda (although it has been burned out) and Draco Malfoy. "Pretty morbid family tree isn't it?" Sirius questioned from the doorway which he was leaning against with his arms crossed. Hermione just smiled slightly timidly as if she wanted to apologise because it was his family but didn't want to apologise because of the family members. "It's alright, I hate them to" he whispered and grinned. Hermione grinned back "Sorry Sirius but I didn't know what this room was until I had walked in. I was automatically drawn in by the history of it, being muggle born I've never seen something like this. I feel as if I've been incredibly intrusive though so for that I apologise". "Some things never change do they Granger?" a mocking voice sneered from the doorway. Hermione turned around and there was Snape stood arms folded, looking extremely bored and again very impatient. "I'm waiting for the pair of you to finish reminiscing so I can be shown to my...room" he said with disdain. "Don't blow your cauldron Snivellus, we are coming now" Sirius hissed back at his childhood enemy. Hermione watched the exchange with great curiosity. She wondered what the history was between Sirius and Snape but she didn't dare ask, she wanted to keep her kneecaps where nature intended and so kept her mouth firmly shut as Sirius led her and the potions professor up the stairs towards the first floor. "MUDBLOOD SCUM" a voice shrieked from nowhere. Instinctively, Hermione ducked and grabbed her wand pointing it in the direction of the voice which was seemingly thin air. "HOW DARE YOU AND YOUR FILTHY BLOOD ENTER MY HOME! HOW DARE YOU! VILE CREATURE, WATCH YOUR BACK LOTS OF NASTY THINGS CAN HAPPEN TO YOU HERE! the voice screamed at Hermione. "Oh shut up you old biddy" Sirius yelled back and pointed his wand at a portrait of a woman who was looking directly at Hermione with such hate and disgust that it unnerved her to the point where she almost pissed her pants. With a flick of his wand, Sirius caused some black curtains to cover the portrait which promptly shut it up. He then reached out; to where Hermione still had her wand hand outstretched towards the painting, and gently pushed her arm down. "That's my Mother, charming woman isn't she?" Sirius stated whilst still looking at the now pale Hermione with concern. Snape placed his hand on the girls shoulder and began pushing her away from the scene and towards the set of bedrooms that could now be seen from the staircase. They began to walk down the long hall and Sirius eventually stopped. "Snivellus, this is your temporary room" Sirius stated as he opened the door. She peeked into the room and instantly knew that Sirius had a death wish. The room was flowery with subtle pinks and purples that coloured the walls and the carpet was a crimson colour. Snape looked murderous whilst Sirius was trying (and failing) not to laugh, he had obviously done this on purpose and had done it to get a reaction and a rise out of Snape. He was definitely going to regret this. "I thought it being out your inner feminine side and inner Gryffindor Snapey, enjoy your stay won't you" Sirius said and with a quick from quickly flounced out of the