Title: Borderline Author: Stacee Phelps Rating: K Disclaimer: 'Lord of the Rings' does not belong to me and I am not getting paid for writing this. Any characters who are not recognizable probably belong to me, so please ask before using them. Author's Note: This is for the October 2007 Teitho challenge "whodunit". It didn't win anything, but it was the most read of the challenge. Update: I am BEYOND appalled at myself, because I did not credit my beta reader Calenlass Greenleaf. She is an awesome beta reader and a great person to get advice from! Thanks Cal and sorry about taking so long to acknowledge you. Summary: When Aragorn returns from the wilds, something seems off about the young mortal. However, as the elves of Rivendell discover, it is bigger than it seems. Borderline- exhibiting typical but not altogether conclusive symptoms: unclear, precarious Being back in Rivendell for the first time in years, Prince Legolas Greenleaf of Mirkwood smiled broadly as he made his way through the rear garden of the Last Homely House. Nearly taking a deep breath in with his excitement, the blonde elf barely acknowledged his companions' laughter at his expense. Feeling like he wanted to throw his arms out and spin around the blossoms, Legolas restrained himself and turned to look to the dark haired elves walking at his side. "So, we are certain? Estel is coming home soon?" The eldest of Lord Elrond's children, Elladan, nodded to the prince. "Aye, Ada /father/ received a letter and Estel said that he should be arriving in a fortnight. That was about a week and a half ago." Legolas's smile widened even more, if that was possible, and he looked relieved. It had been too long since he had heard word from his best friend, and even longer since he had seen the mortal. Ever since Aragorn had learned of his lineage nearly fifteen years ago, the young man had striven to prove himself to his foster family and himself. Being the Heir of Isildur and the future king of Gondor, the young man had retained leadership of the Dúnedain as soon as he reached his twenty-first birthday and spent most of his time with his rangers. That, unfortunately, meant that he spent less and less of his time with his family and friends. But, now, Legolas was anxiously waiting with bated breath it seemed for his young friend to return. Aragorn was now thirty-six and versed in the ways of the world, but the elven prince wanted to see if Estel still thrived within the hardened ranger. Releasing the tension in his body and briefly closing his eyes against those thoughts, he again turned to the twins. His eyes slowly opened and revealed a mischievous glint that the younger elf could not disguise. Elladan and his brother, Elrohir, immediately stiffened. "Well," the woodland elf started. "We have less than five days to ready ourselves for Estel's homecoming. Let's make it worthwhile." Recognizing the twins' responding smirks, Legolas almost felt bad for his friend. ' He won't know what hit him!' Weary beyond words, Aragorn, son of Arathorn, silently guided his mare towards his childhood home. Nearing the elven haven of Imladris and his family, the young mortal could not help but sigh with exhaustion. After everything that had happened with the rangers, he was looking forward to a break from the pressures of being chieftain. Being around his brothers would be a welcome reprieve from the sternness he had to adapt as leader. Having passed the River Bruinen sometime ago, the tired ranger nearly let his head drop as he passed one more bend. Seeing the massive bridge that would lead directly to his father's house, he urged his mount to a quicker pace and could not help but stare at his home in relief. Fifteen years was too long to be away from someplace that always instilled a serene feeling within him. Here, he hardly ever felt stress and worry. As long as one could discount the ambushes from his brothers and the taunts from the elflings when he was a child, then Aragorn's years in Rivendell were filled with the most blessed quiet he could ever remember. Hopefully being here would lighten the heavy feeling that tightened around his chest. Legolas nearly fell off the bench he was sitting on as he recognized the sound of a horse's hooves on the cobblestones. Knowing that could only signify one thing, he nearly started looking for the twins before he decided against it. Leaping to his feet, the prince stopped himself from running but hurried nonetheless towards the courtyard. Stepping through a magnificent archway that opened up to the square, Legolas felt his emotions threatening to burst through him as he saw his best friend. Only seeing Aragorn from behind, the elf could tell that the ranger was haggard by the slouched shoulders and drooping head. Noticing the torn leather overcoat that was a familiar fixture with the human, Legolas's smile grew as he saw the ever-present mud splattered sporadically over Aragorn's clothes. Relieved beyond words to see that physically, the mortal hadn't changed, the elf started forward, calling out the ranger's name with laughter in his voice. Aragorn was attempting to pull his saddlebags from his horse when he heard his name. Slowly turning, he at once identified his elven friend and his face pulled into a small smile. Dropping his bags back behind the saddle, he met Legolas in the middle in a tight embrace. Legolas turned his head into his friend's hair and nearly took a deep breath. Feeling his friend's solid form in his arms for the first time in years, the elf truly felt happy and sure of Aragorn's safety and health. Tightening his arms around the human one last time, he pulled away but kept his hands on the other's forearms. Giving his friend a once over, he met Aragorn's clear, silver eyes and at once saw the hidden pain. Furrowing his brow in wonder, Legolas didn't say anything but welcoming words. "Mae govannon, mellon nín /well met, my friend/! It has been entirely too long! Look at you, Estel, you actually have the look of a ranger this time." Laughing, Legolas closely watched Aragorn's face and instantly saw the forced joviality. "Ha, funny. Remind me to laugh next time," the ranger's voice was dry but the prince could hear the undertones of trying for normalcy. Giving his friend a break after his journey, Legolas decided not to bring it to attention. Turning so that his left arm was around Aragorn's shoulders, Legolas led the way into the Last Homely House as a groom came forward and dealt with the human's mount. Steering the ranger through the hallways and past rooms, the elf kept up a steady conversation with his friend, but Legolas could easily see that Aragorn's heart wasn't it. His voice dropping off, the two walked in silence until they reached the door to Elrond's study. Knocking respectively, they waited for acknowledgement before pushing open the heavy doors and entering the room. Elladan and Elrohir were sitting in the chairs situated before their father's desk and turned as the doors opened. Seeing their brother with Legolas, they jumped to their feet and ran towards Aragorn, nearly tackling the human to the ground. Crying out in their excitement, they both embraced him and nearly caused a few headbutts before they started settling down. Lord Elrond Peredhil walked calmly to his youngest son and only held out his arms as the twins finally let go of Estel. The ranger's expression was closed off and he showed no outward reaction to the bombardment his brothers had exhibited, but he easily slipped into his father's arms and held on tightly to the ancient being. Closing his eyes against the elf's robes, Aragorn took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down. Inside, he felt his heart grow heavier and his breathing caught as he struggled not to reveal his emotions. He would never tell Elrond what had driven him home. Elrond, feeling Estel's tight grasp around his waist, reciprocated and his right hand rubbed in small circles across his son's back as he felt the change in breathing. Letting the human remain in his embrace for several moments, the elf gently pushed his son back as he saw the expressions of concern on Elladan and Elrohir's faces. Looking to Aragorn's face, Elrond was confused as no distressed emotion showed on the ranger's bearded face. "Ion nín /my son/, how was your time in the wilds?" His question was tentative and he didn't expect a truthful answer. "It was fine, Ada , nothing to tell." Elrond was not disappointed as Aragorn diverted the inquiry and turned to his brothers, easily slipping into the mask of a wondering younger brother. "So what pranks have you two managed in my absence?" Nearly a week passed and people had started to notice something about the newly returned mortal. The Estel that everyone knew would be laughing ecstatically with his brothers and friends and would be chest deep into trouble by now. He would be disappearing from places and teaming up with Legolas to gang up on Elladan and Elrohir at the most random of moments. This new person, this Aragorn, Ranger of the North, was silent and reclusive. He still took to disappearing at odd moments, but if he was found, he was often by himself and would not physically react to any new presence. It was strange because any of his family, friends, and instructors could see that something was bothering the young man, but he did not approach anyone for counsel or comfort. At dinner on the fifth day, Aragorn did not even make an appearance at the table. This gave everyone else the opportunity to voice their concerns for their youngest comrade. "I just do not understand, Elrond, what could have happened to the boy?" Lord Erestor, head advisor to Lord Elrond, asked as he almost slammed his fork down on the tabletop. "He has been too quiet and it almost makes me fearful for what he is up to." Glorfindel of Gondolin gave a slight snort and sat forward in his chair. "He is not planning anything against you, Erestor. You have nothing to fear from him. No, he seems to be preoccupied with something from the rangers. Can I rightly assume that he has talked to no one about his concerns?" Everyone else shook their heads dejectedly. Legolas waited a couple of heartbeats and then gently spoke. "I will talk to him soon if he does not come to any of us. This cannot continue." His pronouncement was met with silent agreement and the meal commenced. When two uneasy hours had passed and Aragorn still did not appear, Legolas was finally fed up with it. Throwing his napkin beside his plate, he pushed back his chair and rose to his feet. Nodding to Elrond, who knew what the prince was going to do, the Mirkwood elf stepped away from the table and passed through the open doors towards the entrance to the house. Outside, the sun had sunk below the horizon and the moon was nearly glowing in the sky. The moon was full and the light reflected from it cast shadows on the ground. Walking quickly towards the falls that he knew Aragorn sat by occasionally, the elf prince's eyes adjusted quickly to the shift in lightening as he passed by trees and let his mind drift. What could have possibly happened in Estel's time with the rangers to cause him to act like this? It was so unlike the human to keep this silent. Usually he would crack after a couple of days and confide in someone. This time he was keeping stoically to himself. Shaking his head as he climbed the small hill that lead to the top, the elf cleared the stones in his way