Title:Life's Gifts Author: Stacee Phelps Rating: K+ Disclaimer: 'Lord of the Rings' does not belong to me and I am not getting paid for writing this. This story was merely written for the Teitho challenge, "Things to be Grateful For". Author's Note: Hey, everyone! Sorry, but this is not 'Never Forgotten'. I am still trying to get all of that off my computer, but I think I'm about to just rewrite everything. Anyways, this story may suck a little bit because the ending was EXTREMELY rushed. So, anyway, please read and enjoy! Summary: Trouble strikes and the three sons of Elrond are right in the middle of it, but this time, their father sent them. -8- Things to be grateful for… The sentence randomly ran through Elrond's mind, causing him to chuckle and close his eyes as he thought about the answer. He was sitting in a chair right outside his balcony doorway, and he had been examining the quiet beauty that always was his home of Imladris. The sun was shining and the rays were warming the elf's ancient body, causing him to grow sleepy with the feeling of complete contentment. This was the first instance he had had in nearly a month to be by himself with no pressing matter to attend to, no paperwork, and no sons underfoot trying to cause mischief. Lord Elrond Peredhil was a loving and doting father, never one to push his children into something they didn't want to do, help support them through their many trials, and to help mend their bodies when his children got into too much trouble. However, in the past month, the elven lord's famous patience had nearly run dry at the constant trouble made by his three sons. Elladan, Elrohir, and Estel Elrondillon were handfuls indeed. Even though the two oldest were elves, and thousands of years old, it never failed that whenever their younger brother was around that they reverted back to the attentiveness of children. And, Estel Elrondillon was almost worse than both his brothers combined. He had a stubborn streak that ran a mile wide, and a need to prove something to whoever doubted his capabilities. And, of course, his brothers knew this and exploited it every chance they got! So, in the past month, the three had decided that they would have a competition of dares, seeing who could fulfill the boldest dares and come out unscathed. This, of course, meant that Elrond was seeing a lot more of his sons than he had expected. From mild bruising and scratches to deep cuts on various parts of the body, Elrond had expended much of his resources and patience seeing to his sons' injuries. Finally, he had had enough of it. Seeing that the three were merely tired of being cooped up in doors, Elrond had exuberantly suggested a hunt. Elladan, Elrohir, and Estel had leapt at the opportunity, seeing as their father was letting them go without them having to beg. So, Elrond had sent his children off with a deep breath of relief and returned to his study where he planned to remain for a couple days. Now, Elrond opened his eyes and watched the scenic activity fluttering on around him. Thinking, the lord realized once again that he may have been hasty in pushing the three young ones into going out. The sons of Elrond were prone to drawing trouble to them, whether it be orcs, poachers, dwarves, wargs, or any other evil creature that sought blood. If the three were out, trouble would inevitably find them. Breathing deeply in frustration now, Elrond straightened up from his slouching position and moved to stand. "You know it's too late to go after them, don't you?" a deep voice from behind him questioned. Only mildly surprised that this one had managed to sneak up on him, Elrond stood and turned to his blonde advisor. "Of course I do, but I cannot help but worry." An undignified snort followed his pronouncement, and Elrond only glared at him from the corner of his eye. "Thank you, Glorfindel, for mocking my fatherly concerns." Glorfindel of Gondolin smiled broadly and dismissed the accusation with a wave of his hand. "I do not mock "fatherly concern"; I mock paranoia." At this, Elrond paused as he reached for some papers and then looked once more to his oldest friend. Not gracing that comment with a response, the lord of Imladris sat down at the chair against his desk and flipped through some papers on his desk before finding the right one. "I had hoped to rest you know…" Elrond muttered as he glanced up to Glorfindel. The blonde was lounging in the chair across from the raven haired elf and seemed to be enjoying himself. Sighing in faked understanding, Glorfindel laced his fingers behind his head and sat back a little. Not really commenting, but just watching in amusement, the elf shook his head as Elrond seemed not to notice the blonde. "You know, you didn't have to send them on a hunting trip . You could have just sent them to the falls or for a picnic in the woods." Glorfindel loved to point out mistakes that his lord may have made. It made his day even more enjoyable. Watching Elrond, who was having a hard time not lashing out at the blonde elf, was relaxing for some reason to Glorfindel. Seeing someone else stressed caused him some sort of relief from his own worries. But after some time, even Glorfindel had to admit that Elrond's insistent worries were warranted. The ones being worried for were Elladan, Elrohir, and Estel for Valar's sake! Finally breaking his prolonged silence, Glorfindel leaned forward and asked tiredly, "I can go looking for them if you are certain they are in trouble." Not looking up, but stopping in his writing, Elrond sighed and shook his head. "No, they would not forgive me. I sent them out this time, and now I have to deal with the consequences." -8- The woods around them buzzed with the normalcy of the wild, and calmed the restless spirits that traveled among them. Three beings, six counting their mounts, were slowly wandering about Rivendell's trees, eagerly looking around and rejoicing in being outside. " Ada must be really sick, letting us go out the way he did." An elf with raven black hair and sharp blue eyes commented to his brothers with a smirk. Another elf beside him, identical to the one who had spoken, smiled right along with him. The only human of the group rolled his eyes and responded, "Elrohir, it is possible for once that we might not run into any trouble. There have been a few occasions where it has not been an issue." The elven twins looked to each other and nearly burst out laughing. Elladan, the oldest of the three, turned to his human brother and said, "Estel, you must have hit your head sometime recently to be thinking that way!" Aragorn, son of Arathorn, but known as Estel Elrondillon to the elves, just stared back at Elladan as if he had grown another head. Elrohir, riding on Elladan's left and slightly ahead of Aragorn, nodded his head in agreement. "Now, I'm not saying it is impossible for us to stay out of danger, but you have to realize the probability of it occurring. I hate how many scrapes we've gotten into, but the fact is that we have gotten into them." The younger twin's reasoning was sound, but the young ranger still didn't like it, unlike Elladan. "Just think of it as a challenge, Little Brother. You don't have nearly enough of those in your life." The oldest son of Lord Elrond Peredhil said with a haughty air. It was a sarcastic comment, and Aragorn realized that, but rose to his brothers' game. "Don't have enough? What ever do you mean, muindor nín my brother? Being the heir of Isildur, future king of Gondor and Arnor is not good enough for you?" the human put a hand to his chin, pretending thoughtfulness. Then, he snapped his fingers as if he had just realized the answer to a tough question. "Ah, you must mean that my every day challenge is being your brother? Well, then you're right; it is difficult keeping up with you two and your stupidity." Elladan smiled but forced an indignant tone into his voice. "Ro, did you hear what he said?" he asked his younger twin. The other elf nodded with a wicked smile on his face. "Ah, that I did, Brother. What do you propose we do about it?" The elves looked to one another, seeming as if they were trying to decide over a difficult decision. Sharing an inbred "twin-sense", the two nodded as they finally chose an action. Turning back to their little brother, their identical grins disturbing the young ranger, Elladan began to speak first. "We challenge you, Muindor , to a hunting race." Aragorn's eyebrows rose and he looked to his brothers as if they had gone mad. Cocking his head to one side, the mortal waited as Elrohir took a dramatizing breath to finish his brother's words. "However, we will be in two teams…" Aragorn spluttered his indignation, but Elrohir continued. "And, they will be Elladan and I, and you." The ranger held up his hands and adamantly shook his head. "Now, this is really unfair…" Elladan's eyebrows went up and he looked to Elrohir before answering his little brother. "It does not matter whether or not this is fair. Will you accept the challenge or go running home to Ada to complain?" Aragorn's jaw tightened, and that was all the affirmative response the twins needed. Smiling wickedly to one another, Elrohir spun his horse around, throwing over his shoulder, "We will meet back here before nightfall. Do not be late." With that, the twins sped off into the trees, leaving their younger brother to himself. Staring after them for a moment, he shook his head as he slowly turned his own horse around. Heading off into the trees, he began to mutter in his displeasure with his older brothers. "Cannot believe them… when Ada hears about this…" -8- Only about ten minutes later, still muttering dark curses against his brothers, Aragorn stopped his horse and looked around. Not speaking for many moments, the ranger was finally aware that no other sounds echoed any movement of animal or wind. Using his strong senses, the human tried to detect any type of action besides his own and those of his mount. Not sensing anything tangible, Aragorn still put a hand to his sword hilt as his nerves were on edge. Knowing that something was out there, he gently prodded his horse forward, when from among the trees, an arrow was set loose at him. Making solid contact with his left shoulder, the projectile's momentum flung the startled ranger from his horse. Hitting the ground hard, Aragorn could vaguely feel the reins still clenched in his right hand. Keeping his frightened horse from running, the human struggled from blacking out. Attempting to move, he heard crashing footsteps and gritty voices speaking in the Black Speech. Cursing, Aragorn managed the feat of getting to his knees, but almost his entire left side was paralyzed. Seeing the first line of orcs, Aragorn took a deep breath and forced himself to his feet. Trying to scramble onto his saddle, the mortal had to fight with the horse as it kept trying to shy away in horror. "Daro! stop" speaking in Elvish, Aragorn finally managed to climb up and kick his horse into the direction they'd come from. Hearing the orcs pursuing, Aragorn reached the place where they three brothers had separated. "Elladan! Elrohir! Come back!" yelling for his brothers, Aragorn demounted and then pulled his sword, pushing his horse away so it wouldn't get hurt; turning to the oncoming orcs, Aragorn tried to move his left