Title: Never Forgotten Author: Stacee Phelps Disclaimer: 'Lord of the Rings' belongs to New Line Cinema and J.R.R. Tolkien and I am not getting paid for writing this. This is purely for fun. Celebalda belongs to Celebdil-Galad and me, and please ask before using him. Rothinzil is Celeb's, but she lets me use him. Ancú is both of ours as well. Anders is mostly mine, but Celebdil-Galad admittedly uses him more than I do. Author's Notes: This is a sequel to 'Anything', and I would strongly suggest reading that before this. I mention a lot from that story, and people may get confused if they don't know what's going on. Note, when Tolkien said, Aragorn was raised in the house of Elrond, I'm going to say that Lord Elrond took the young human in when his parents were killed (I realize that in the books, Gilraen lived, but I like the idea that she died with Arathorn), and raised him as one of his own sons. This would mean that Aragorn would be like a younger brother to his twin sons, Elladan and Elrohir. But, this does not necessarily mean that Arwen is like a sister to him (of course!). Timeline: 20 years before FOTR Spoilers: ' Celeb Gurth-Silver Death', ' Anything' Dedication: This is for Celebdil-Galad's Birthday! Rating: K+ Summary: It's been three months since the encounter with Freca, and the elves and ranger of Rivendell are still being effected by the evilness of the Mouth of Sauron. Legolas is still in a coma and everyone has almost given up hope. When Legolas does awaken, though, things change dramatically and may not be as they once were. -8- Gone was the usual peace that surrounded the elven haven of Imladris, known to the world of Men as Rivendell. Gone was the laughter that filled every nook and cranny, and gone was the hope that all would be right. Walking down the empty corridor, the eldest son of Lord Elrond Peredhil looked straight in front of him, not letting his attention waver in the slightest. He was set on his goal and he would reach it before he let anything distract him from what he was intending to do. Three months had transpired since the events with the Mouth of Sauron and Aragorn and Legolas' wounding at the hands of the sadistic man. Many things had happened since then, but none as effectual as the catatonic state Prince Legolas Greenleaf of Mirkwood was forced into. Now, the elves, and ranger, of Imladris worried around the clock of the wakening of the beloved prince. Three months had passed, and even though he was still recovering from his own wounds, Aragorn, son of Arathorn, thought it best that he return with the rangers to their encampment. The young human could not stand watching his friend lie in state any longer, and as chieftain of the Dúnedain, it was his duty to see to the rangers. It had already been too long since he had been with them. After his departure only minutes ago, it was left to Elladan to impart the news of Aragorn's leaving to their father. The human had not wanted to break such news to his loved foster-father, as it was Elrond who was despairing about Legolas' inability to awaken from his coma. When Freca, or the Mouth of Sauron, had broken both Aragorn and Legolas in body, it was Elrond who had attempted to heal their many wounds. It wasn't difficult with his son's, but the prince… the lord was very disappointed in himself for being unable to tend to the younger elf. Shaking his head with his own grief at Legolas' temporary loss, Elladan Peredhil reached the door to his father's study. Rapping gently against the heavy wood, the twin waited for Lord Elrond's acknowledgement. Hearing the "enter", he opened the door and walked into the lavish, elven study. Even though the sun was shining through the large, floor-to-ceiling windows, the light reflecting off the ornate weapons and trinkets displayed around the room, there hung an obvious cloud over the extravagant beauty. There had been no laughing in here since before Aragorn had left to find Legolas on that fateful day. Walking in further to confront his father, the raven haired elf was saddened even more as he saw the dejected looking Elrond by the window behind his mahogany desk. The elven lord's expression was set on forlorn and his self-pain permeated everything, and everyone, around him. "Ada / father /, I have something to tell you." Elladan began softly, cautiously approaching his father. Lord Elrond turned to him with a slight smile, but then looked back down towards the waterfalls. "He's left then?" Elladan's shock was noticeable, and Elrond gave a small chuckle. "I knew he was leaving soon, 'Dan. Halbarad came to me about two days ago. He asked me if Estel would be well enough to travel back to the ranger camp. He wanted to make sure that Aragorn wouldn't have any relapses." Elladan nodded and stood beside Elrond, looking wistfully over the gently falling water. "Ada, he wanted to tell you, but with everything going on, he was afraid you wouldn't let him go. He didn't want to disappoint you." The half-elf sighed and examined the high sun. "Nothing he did could ever disappoint me." His whispered words caused Elladan to look at him again, but Elrond didn't notice his son's surprise. "He will be a great king, Elladan, but he must first believe in himself. So many things have happened to him in such a short time, but he does not think himself strong. Estel thinks that he will be just like Isildur, and will be unable to resist the power that he will be offered." Elrond's gray eyes flickered with foresight, and he sighed. "He blames himself for so many things that are beyond his control. He assumes responsibility for everything that goes wrong, and this situation is not helping matters. Estel still holds himself accountable for what happened to Legolas. He does not understand that Freca used them, and that Freca is the one who injured the prince. Aragorn cannot look past the fact that the Mouth of Sauron used Legolas against him." Elladan nodded in silent agreement, but put a hand to his father's shoulder. "Ada, even if it has been months, there's still a possibility that Legolas could come out of this alive and well. He is a fighter, and his stubbornness rivals Estel's. There's no way Legolas would leave Aragorn after everything they've been through. There is no way." Elrond smiled weakly, and looked out to the mid-afternoon climate. "I pray every day to the Valar that everything will turn out all right." He turned hopeful eyes to his son. "It worked when Estel was taken from us, why not with Legolas?" Elladan squeezed his father's shoulder and spoke with conviction. "Everything will turn out for the best, and both Legolas and Aragorn will be all right." -8- Elrohir Peredhil tested his motionless friend's pulse. Finding a steady beat, the twin gently laid Legolas' hand back on the bed and wrapped the blankets firmly around his lifeless body. Sitting heavily in the chair firmly planted on the floor, Elrohir dropped his head into his hands as he ran his fingers through his long hair. It still amazed him how his brother and friend managed to get themselves into these situations. Only Estel Elrondillon and Prince Legolas Greenleaf Thranduillon would be able to get into and out of the circumstance they'd encountered. Admittedly, the younger twin was still stumped on how either one had survived this. And, now, Aragorn had left without thinking of his family or his still mending body. Aragorn's wounds weren't healed yet. He still carried the wound in his stomach and the deeper of the wounds in his legs. Not to mention the wound he had suffered right before Freca had died. No, the chieftain of the Dúnedain was injured in every aspect of the word, ranging from physically to mentally. Elrohir amended his thoughts as his eyes came across Legolas once more. The fear that propelled the ranger away from Rivendell was the same fear that everyone held in their hearts. Legolas had been unconscious for a long time, even in the timetables of the elves. Even an immortal body could not withstand the torture that Legolas' had been subjected to, and maybe, just maybe, the elf thought that he was still trapped within the confines of the hill men/ orc camp that had caused him great pain. Maybe Legolas still being unconscious was not his body's failing, but the wood-elf's fear that he was still in danger. Elrond had brought the thought on the twins some time ago, only telling his sons in confidence. He hadn't wanted to alarm Estel, but he had wanted to share his assumptions with people who would understand. The ancient healer had seen it many times before, where warriors would undertake great pain and not pull out of whatever situation they found themselves in. The unfortunate victims had thought it best that they remain unconscious instead of facing what they'd left. Elrohir sat back in his chair and wiped his exhausted features. He prayed every night and every day that this wasn't the situation with the beloved prince. To forever lose Legolas would be more terrible than anything imagined and as that possibility stared them in the face, the Peredhil family was reluctant to let that future stand. Sighing, Elrohir finally stood and gathered the bandages that lie on the dresser next to the bed. Since Legolas had fallen into this state, his wounds had not healed. Not one bit. It seemed that while the prince's mind rested, his body was not acting. None of the elf's innate healing abilities was kicking in, and so the elves tending to Legolas were forced to change his bandages every once in a while. There was usually no new blood, but it was wise to change the old dressings for new and sterile linens. Gently pulling down the blankets, Elrohir got another look at Legolas' barely rising chest. The pale torso was swathed in dressings, but otherwise bare. Untying the bandages, Elrohir wrapped an arm around Legolas' shoulders and eased the unawares elf upwards. Unwinding the white linens, Elrohir held Legolas up one handedly and grabbed the new binding with his other. Unraveling the roll with one practiced flick of the wrist, Elrohir expertly maneuvered the bandage tight across Legolas' chest. Laying the wood-elf back down, Elrohir went about the rest of his routine, redressing every single one of Legolas' numerous wounds. Finally, his task finished, the young elf walked over to the bureau across the room and poured water into the basin sitting a top of it. Gently lathering soap into his palms, his mind drifted to the outside view. Seeing the peaceful falls, the animal life, and everything to do with nature, Elrohir couldn't help but feel dismal. Everything outside the Last Homely House, and Imladris, seemed to be going on as if nothing happened. Shaking his head as he reached for a towel, the youngest of Elrond's twins looked towards the door as he heard footsteps. Watching as the heavy door slowly opened, he was only mildly surprised as he saw his twin standing in the doorway. Noticing the excitement shining from Elladan, Elrohir dried his hands and walked closer towards the door. Leaning in to talk to his brother, Elladan grinned as he said, "Ro, guess what? A messenger from Lórien just arrived and Ada /father/ thinks it's from Arwen." Elrohir smiled just as big as his older brother and turned to toss the towel back on the bureau. Getting a correspondence from their little sister was always a cause for great joy, for Arwen Undomiel resided within the Golden Wood with their grandmother, their mother's mother, Lady Galadriel. The heartbroken young elf had gone to