Having watch all three LOTR movies this weekend I came across the realization that there was a lack of Boromir fanfictions in this world and being my odd self decided to make one that hopefully sates all of our imaginations. The Brazen Gift Legolas and Gimli were curious. Why? Because ever since the company had arrived in Mirkwood Boromir had been acting strangely. He had been acting strangely all along due to the ring, but this was different. He was sitting on the edge of a staircase staring blankly out into the majestic view of the eleven forest, while fiddling with a cloth of sorts. Even Aragorn and the hobbits had questioned what was wrong with him. Of course Gandalf's death had taken a toll on everyone, but Boromir's sorrow had been a much different kind. And it couldn't have been the ring that explained that longing that flickered through his dark eyes. It was much more. Those few moments before everyone would go to bed was exactly when they had all decided to question him. Aragorn had voted against it, saying he didn't wish to bring about the poor memories in a man. Legolas partially agreed, but Gimli's curiousity along with the hobbits' influenced the decision. It was decided, they would all confront Boromir and they did. Frodo was only slightly reluctant due to Boromir's entrancement with the ring, but the choice was made and it had already been set in stone. "Boromir..." Aragorn began, snapping the Gandorim from his trance into the pale moonlight of the forest night. "Are you alright?" Boromir's gaze drifted off to stare down at the marble floor and he nodded. Aragorn knew that expression, it was an expression of longing, but not for a ring or anything even mere close to that. It was for his lover, which Aragorn would never had guessed without seeing Boromir's blank face. Aragorn knew love and he knew what it was like to be separate from that one that made your heart thunder. The other gathered around waiting for a more potent response. Aragorn sat down on the steps beside him placing his hand on his shoulder. "I know your pain Brother. You will see her again." "Her? Who is her?" Boromir glanced at Gimli, who had bellowed out as always the first thoughts that came to his mind. "It's love. He feels pain for his one." Legolas explained, he leaned up against a nearby tree holding the platform they all stood on and crossed his arms. "A Lover?" Frodo blankly questioned, not one person would have guessed that the prince of Gondor had taken on a lover. "Why don't you tell us about it there lad? Talking about her might help." Gimli nosily instructed while settling himself in hopes of a story. "I do not feel only longing for her. I feel regret for what I had done to her." "What had you done?" Pippin asked, Boromir swallowed, guilt rising in his every muscle. The hobbits knew little of love, they were too innocent to understand the desires and mistakes of man, but Boromir meant to please them in its knowledge. "She is beautiful." "They all are." Gimli criticized, the company glaring at him to shut him up. They then turned back to Boromir who continued. "She gave me this cloth as a token. She had woven it herself." Boromir spread open the purple laced square marred with dirt and torn at certain parts. "I have kept it for long because it is my luck." "She gave it to you before she left?" Sam asked, unconsciously licking his lips. Boromir looked around at all of them and shook his head. "No. She gave it to me before I went to battle. I had met her in the market a week prior to the attack on the city Osgiliath, where more of Mordor's forces were closing in on Gondor... Boromir smiled as he allowed his love, for now to her his friend, guide him through the crowded pathways of Gondor's City. Her blond hair flowed down her shoulders like waterfalls and her pale skin glimmered in the sunlight leaking between the high towers. Her blue moonstone dress was covered partially by a black cloak which was tied around her neck, the hood hanging down the back. The sleeves finished from her mid shoulder to her wrists. Her nimble hand holding his battle-clad fingers and dragging him slog through the common people. He chuckled. "Slow down Kierra, we have plenty of time." She paused grabbing his other hand with her free one, in which he was given that glorious opportunity to stare into her milky blue eyes. "I know, but I'm just so excited to show you my gift." Her voice screamed eagerness and zealous opportunity, she then tugged him along again in which he frowned. They didn't have plenty of time, in these few days he had fallen in love with this common girl, daughter to a wealthy merchant. If his father knew he would be expelled from Gondor, his father would not allow him to marry a woman of low birth, but she carried herself so godly. She had the beauty of a princess, the strength and determination of a queen... He loved her, but was uncertain whether or not she felt the same. He had to leave tomorrow, tomorrow he would head for the ruins with his army to fend off the Orcs who threatened to take settlement there. He did not want to leave her so soon, especially since he hadn't told her yet. Despite his father he had full intentions of asking her hand in marriage... He just needed more time, time that was not plausible at the moment. "So what exactly is this prize?" "It's a gift not a prize. You've done nothing worth rewarding." She teased, winking over her shoulder at him. He grinned brightly. "Well what would you consider an achievement worth a reward?" "Perhaps seeing me more would be something I would reward." His heart sunk, but she laughed at his expression and stopped to pound a playful fist at his royal garment. "I'm just joking you silly goof." "I wish I could see you more. I really do." He mumbled, but received no response. The two had closed in on her father's workshop. He had made a living selling and buying swords, or other fancy things of metal. The wooden door was wide open and the hand painted sign hung clearly above it. She pulled him into the workshop where a series of shelves resided each cluttered with authentic items, scrap metal, or gold and silver trinkets. He father was at the desk speaking with a customer about some sort of dwarven necklace. She sneaked around her father to the door behind him leading upstairs to the actual home portion of the shop. Boromir nearly tripped as she yanked him harder up the stairs. "For the love of... Kierra I am not going anywhere right now." At the top of the stairs she looked to him, the grip on her hand loosening a bit and Boromir wished he could take back those words. He liked having her hold onto him for dear life. "I know... I'm just-" "So excited, as I have been told me. Show me this gift already, would you?" He caressed her knuckles slightly, in which she turned again and guided him to her room. Which he had never been in before, it wasn't small and it wasn't big. Everything was neat, the vanity was across from the bed as was the wardrobe and most of the room was filled with vibrant colors of blue and purple, some greens to contrast. She released his hand and walked over to the end table beside her bed, while he stood quietly and looked around. "I wanted to give you something. A good luck charm of sorts because I know you being as clumsy as you are. You'll need it." Boromir cackled. "It was an accident." "You dumping a bucket of water on my head was no accident, Prince of Gondor." She strode back over to him again, her slippers clicking against the wood and she held it up to him. It was a cloth, his expression softened from a smile to an unknown feeling of adoration. Her initials were threaded into it so neatly with a heart surrounding it in black. He looked back up at her, his hands reaching out to grab the cloth. A small smile hinted on her pillow like lips along with a red blush that accented her beauty so well. "You are leaving tomorrow, so I wanted to give you something to remember me by." His eyebrows furrowed. "How did you-" "My uncle is a soldier as is my late cousin. They are coming over for dinner tonight because they are leaving for battle tomorrow near the ruins of the old city." Boromir remained silent, fiddling with the cloth between his thumb and index. Her hands gently cupping under his. "I want to give you something else. This way you know what you'll be coming back to." He couldn't reply before she had leaned up and gently pressed her lips to his. It was the sweetest kiss he had ever felt and for her, it was her first. She reveled in it, he wanted more of it. Then she pulled away, blushing deeply up at him in which he snorted nervously. "I apologize I have nothing to give you in turn." "It's alright. That was..." Her words trailed over when he had pulled his knife from its holster, her lips parted in surprise as he drew it up to his hair and sliced a lock of the thick dark brown strands from their place before knotting it up and holding it out to her. Her lips trembled and she had no words. "This way you will have a little more than just a memory." She reached out with shaking fingers and grabbed the knotted hair. He sheathed his weapon and waited for her to respond some how. "You are coming back though... So that was unnecessary." She muttered under a ragged breath, fiddling nervously with the hair. He licked his lips, grabbing her chin to direct her gaze towards him. "Yes, but then why would you give me your cloth if you knew I was going to come back." "I don't know and it's for luck." "Well I don't know either and may it be that I don't return, that hair is for luck as well." She nodded her head before they both were drawn into another kiss, more passionate to where her lips parted and accepted his tongue between those pink tasty pillows. He didn't want to leave... He certainly didn't want to leave. "ARGGG!" Boromir made his battle cry as he jabbed his sword into an oncoming Orc. The battle alive around him as his men fought trolls and dragons swam through the sky. He was so close, he could almost taste victory. Not once had a fatal blow been inflicted on him. Orcs fell by his sword and his armor retained the dents and scratches of a lively battle. He paused to look around through the ruins, the broken stone tablets and those few fallen human and Orc alike. He had failed to notice an Orc behind him, a battle ax nearly embedded into his skull before a sword had slashed through the beast's abdomen and sent him tumbling to the ground with blood and guts pouring from his being. Boromir turned to face his savior. A man covered in silver thin armor, short in stature with a lined helmet hiding his face. It was a simple nod before the two had yet again returned to the bloodshed of battle. Boromir had thought nothing of it again. Eventually the battle had finished and all his men had won, clapping and roaring with excitement in victory. All of them worn