The Phoenix and the Flame The room was filled with the fragrant scent of cigar smoke and her perfume. Cloyingly sweet with just a hint of bitterness, it suited the leggy blonde perfectly. She perched ladylike on the edge of the cushion, ankles crossed decorously and tucked neatly to one side. China blue eyes bright with interest and wide in fascinated awe were riveted on the man at her side. He noticed her hands: nails perfectly shaped and painted, fingers slim and soft curled around the stem of her glass. Those hands had never done anything more strenuous than lift a pen to sign a credit slip. He found it ironic that those useless limbs would be the means that led him to his Holy Grail, his promised land. All he needed was for her to get him through the door. Once that happened, the rest would fall into place. Until then, it was in his best interest to keep her happy. He motioned for the server to refill her glass and leaned forward with a match lit as she pulled a cigarette from the bejeweled bag at her side. She smiled in feline appreciation and made a cup of her fingers to shield the outstretched flame. Those perfect nails grazed a path along the back of his hand as she took a slow draw and then sent a plume of smoke toward the ceiling. "You understand that this is a private gathering, Mr. Mellark." She murmured. "Not just anyone can attend. Only a select clientele will be permitted to view the items." The blonde man leaned back casually and offered up a lazy smile in reply. "Please call me Peeta," he invited. "I'm aware that there's been considerable interest. I wouldn't want to step on anyone's toes, Ms. Cartwright. It's not good business." He rested an arm on the back of the couch and bent toward her as if imparting a secret. "It doesn't seem fair that I'm being punished for not being a member of the club. That is why I came to you." She preened under his appreciative regard but managed to hold onto her indifferent mask. "I'm flattered that you did but I don't understand what help I can offer you. The party is by invitation only. I have no authorization to issue any more. The guest list was decided by the board months ago. I had no hand in it." He flicked an appraising glance toward her legs, letting his eyes linger and making sure that she noticed. "You misunderstand me, Ms. Cartwright. I don't want you to attempt the impossible although I am grateful that you would consider doing so on my behalf. What I had in mind was something much simpler." His hand slid ever closer and toyed with a blonde curl nestled beneath her ear. "I could go as a guest of someone who is on the list. Yours if you like," he murmured. She looked thoughtful for a moment as she studied him. Peeta's breath caught but he wiped any sign of nervousness from his expression. He sent her what he hoped was an encouraging smile. The silence stretched out endlessly until she smiled and dropped a possessive hand on the knee closest to her. "You devil," she purred. "You think you need only to pay me a few compliments and I'll be putty in your hands." Her wandering fingers began to trace intricate patterns as they slid upward along the length of his thigh. "How do I know that you're being honest? You could have picked me because you thought I'd succumb to a handsome face and give you whatever you want." He slid infinitesimally closer and held her gaze while allowing the errant curl to twine about his fingers. "I think that you underestimate the effect that you have. I'm sorry that I've given you such a low opinion of me if you think that I'd resort to petty flattery to get what I want." An arrogant smile lifted the corners of his mouth. "You're the curator of the Snow collection. You have a reputation, Ms. Cartwright. You have been able to balance both the public demand to see the artifacts and the family's need for privacy. It's an impressive feat. I admire that. I don't need to exploit that knowledge for personal gain. I have other methods to get in should I choose to use them. I merely wanted to kill two birds with one stone. It also means that I get to know you better which is an added bonus." Her nails continued to move up and down his leg as she considered. "I can't say that I'm not tempted. You certainly have a way about you." "So that means you'll allow it," he pressed as he covered her hand with his and squeezed it expectantly. Delly eyed him with a knowing smile as she wriggled her fingers free. "I'll allow it. It will certainly make the night more interesting if I have you where I can keep an eye on you. I'd hate to have you wander off at an inopportune moment." Peeta let his eyes slip down her body in an unhurried manner and made sure his appreciation was readily apparent. "Now why would I wander off when the rewards for staying put are so abundantly clear? Don't worry about me. I think it will be difficult for me to pry myself away." She slid her fingers roughly through his curls, pushing his head back so that their eyes met and held. "Don't make promises that you have no intention of keeping. You intrigue me. For that reason alone, I'm agreeing to this. You'll have to convince me that I won't end up regretting this whim." She smiled archly. "I think that you will enjoy this little endeavor just as much as I will. I'm willing to be persuaded." His brows lifted at the suggestive tone and he couldn't hide the triumphant spark that kindled in his heated blue gaze. "I'll take that under advisement," he returned. "I'll look forward to the pleasure of your company very soon, Ms. Cartwright." "Wait here and I'll get you an entry pass," she ordered. "I won't be long." She swept out the door, her heels clattering loudly on the stone tiles. He reclined on the couch, hands laced carelessly over his bent knee. For all intents and purposes, he was relaxed and laissez-faire. One had to look closely to note that things weren't quite what they seemed. His eyes never stopped moving as they scanned the entire room looking for anything unusual or out of place. Even as he casually toyed with the strap of his watch, he marked the hidden camera tucked into the ornamental carvings where the wall met the ceiling. The microphone concealed in the chandelier overhead could have been overlooked had the small sliver of metal that rested innocuously amid the hanging crystal not caused a brief rainbow flare in the refracted light. He slid the strap clear, exposing the metal backing. He pressed his thumb firmly against the plate and felt it warm slightly to his touch. He waited for a few breaths and then set the watch on the cushion beside of him. He glanced down as if to check the time but in reality, to better aim the compact laser hidden inside the casing toward the watching lens. He couldn't see the intermittent flashes but that wasn't the point. The laser changed flash times and wavelengths as it cycled. It wouldn't harm the camera but should give him just enough privacy to get what he came for. The bejeweled bag lay forgotten on the table next to the remains of their meal. He slid forward on the couch and indifferently tapped the fingers of one hand on the table surface as the other eased into the bag and snagged the key card that had been hastily tucked inside. He palmed the card and took a glass of wine as he slouched back against the cushions. He crossed one knee over the other and used that motion to pull a key ring from his pocket. An orange, black and white helmet swung from the ring looking like any of a thousand other mementos. He slid the card into an imperceptible slot on the side, waited two beats, and then dropped it back into the purse. A double click in his left ear made one side of his lip quirk up. Slipping the keys back into his pocket, he was sipping his wine in a relaxed manner when the tall blonde glided back through the door. "This will get you through the gate and alert security to let me know you've arrived," she disclosed. "The auction will begin at precisely nine pm so you need to be here no later than seven. I'll look forward to seeing you then. I've arranged for some private refreshments once the party has wound down. I hope you don't mind." He favored her with an indolent smile and let his eyes take her in from tousled blonde curls to towering fuchsia heels. "Looking forward to it," he replied. Delly Cartwright was known for her poise and deportment. She took pride in it. There was nothing dignified in the satisfied smirk that crossed her features. "Well then, I'll see you at seven," she purred softly and let her fingers sketch the outline of his watch. He nodded briefly, "See you then." He gave her a last lingering look from the corner of his eye along with a small smile before being escorted from the room. Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo The nondescript building did little to draw attention to itself. The façade was plain with no identifiable signs or markings. The people who worked there tried to keep a similarly low profile. Peeta Mellark was no exception. Gone was the tailored suit and immaculately shined shoes. In their place were a pair of well-worn jeans, a plain white t-shirt, and scuffed pair of Nikes. The front door slid open easily at his touch. The lobby was a pleasant eggshell white with soothing gray accents. The pretty blonde holding court in the center of the room fit her surroundings perfectly. Her cotton candy pink skirt came smartly to the knee. The white ruffled shirt peeking out from underneath a matching tailored jacket had a playful bow tied loosely at the neck. Her hair was swept into a smooth stylish pleat. "Good morning, Mr. Mellark." Her silky voiced greeting came as no surprise. Low, modulated, perfect intonation. If ever there was a portrait of a textbook receptionist, this woman fit it impeccably. That alone justified Madge Undersee's presence. The less obvious reasons were that she was fluent in eight languages, proficient with most weapons as well as hand-to-hand combat, and pretty enough that most underestimated what the woman was capable of. She smiled politely as her fingers danced over the keyboard in front of her. An innocuous panel slid open and she nodded for him to proceed. Peeta pulled a small card from his pocket and swiped it. Madge tapped briefly on her board then nodded once again. Peeta placed his hand on the scanner where it was outlined in neon green light. The sense of heat was fleeting but enough to cause a momentary flash of discomfort. The sensor not only checked for hand proportion and prints but also took a sampling of skin and tissue for DNA and body chemistry. Within five seconds, his identity had been confirmed and the lock disengaged. He gave Madge a grin and small nod then made his way through the previously concealed entrance. The door clipped his heels as it glided shut behind him. The room he entered was small, bare, and better suited to a closet. Peeta held his arms away from his sides with fingers spread. He slid his feet apart and planted them firmly into two shallow grooves in the otherwise plain floor.