The inspiration for this story comes from a prompt provided by ThirtySomething Written for the Hunger Games Spring Fling March 2013 Notes: "Annabel Lee" was written by Edgar Allen Poe. I used it here but have nothing to do with its beauty or greatness. That is owed entirely to Poe. Excerpt from Deprivation: "Come on, Madge. We've made it this far. Don't give up on me." Peeta pleaded. "We can go home, both of us. Don't give up." Her blue eyes continued to dim, but she managed a small smile despite the gaping wound in her stomach leaking what was left of her life into the ashy soil. "I'm sorry, Peeta. I'm sorry. If anybody else was going to win, I'm glad it's you." Her eyes became glassy, her breath slowing to a stuttering gasp. "Go home. Be happy." The last flicker of light left her eyes and her chest gave one final rise and fall before stillness settled over her like a blanket. Peeta watched in agonized disbelief as her head canted to the side, her breath misting the cool morning air before it faded. She was gone. He had failed. He tipped her eyes shut and bent to place a gentle kiss on her forehead before stepping back. The craft appeared silently, lowering a silvery net to take Madge away. As it gathered and lifted her from the Stadium, he touched three fingers to his lips and raised them skyward. "Goodbye," he murmured softly. Once she was gone, he sat in weary silence before drawing in a shaky breath and rising slowly to his feet. He gathered up the remains of their pack and picked up the spear that was still stained with her blood. He scrubbed the tip with a handful of leaves and then carelessly tossed them away. He then strolled toward the distant, golden gleam of the Horn. There, he would find his final adversary. He would deal with Cato and then he would go home. Katniss carefully placed her bookmark between the well-worn pages and heaved a sigh, her hand absently scrubbing away the tracing of tears coating her cheeks. No matter how many times she read Deprivation, it still broke her heart when Madge died. Poor Peeta. He tried so hard to protect Madge. The Center had given them hope with the announcement that two winners could claim the grand prize. The last surviving male and female would be declared Champions. Peeta had seized on the possibility with ferocious zeal. If there was a chance, then by God, he was going to take it. She tucked the book under her arm and climbed to her feet. She didn't know how long she had been curled up on the couch, but judging by the tingling in her legs, it had been far longer than she realized. Limping slightly, she staggered into the kitchen, put the book on the table and then went to the refrigerator for a bottle of water. Twisting off the cap, she took a couple of hurried swallows and then leaned against the counter. Damn him anyway. She didn't know what it was about that character that reached in and twisted her heart. The more she thought about it, the more confused she became. She wasn't a fan of dystopian novels. She made it a point to steer clear of such dark, angst-ridden material. There was enough sadness in the world; she didn't need to read about it too. Her shelf was stuffed to bursting with tattered paperbacks, slick and shiny hardbacks whose spines had never been opened, and a few binders containing printouts of her favorite fan fiction. She loved the way stories took her out of herself and into another world made up solely by the author's words and her imagination. Her fascination had only grown since wandering into District Twelve. Three months earlier: District Twelve was a tiny shop tucked away in a forgotten corner of a street just off the main square. Katniss had discovered it by accident when she ducked through the front door seeking shelter from an unexpected cloudburst. The wispy beauty behind the counter seemed shocked that she had a customer. She rallied quickly and gifted Katniss with a warm smile and outstretched hand. "Welcome to District Twelve," she chirped. "I'm Annie. I'll be your guide on this wet, dreary day. How can I help you? "I'm…uh…that is…I'm sorry," Katniss stuttered. "I just wanted to get out of the rain. I'm not looking for anything." Annie's smile didn't falter. Instead, it broadened to a full grin. "A reluctant traveler," she commented as she rounded the counter. "My personal favorite. You weren't looking for anything, my dear, but I would say you found something. A veritable treasure trove lies at your fingertips and you have only to ask to receive a gift beyond price." Katniss couldn't contain the smile that wormed its way onto her face. "A gift beyond price, huh? Okay, Annie, let's see what you've got." The misty green eyes took on a considering cast as they scrutinized Katniss from head to toe. The mysterious woman tilted her head and tapped her lips with a thoughtful finger as she regarded her visitor. "Okay, reluctant traveler, I need to know a few things about you before we begin your journey." She snagged a pad of paper and pencil from the countertop and then looked at Katniss eagerly. "I want you to tell me the first three words that pop into your head. It can be anything. The trick is not to think about it too hard. That defeats the purpose. Just let them fly." She put the pencil to paper and looked at Katniss expectantly. The dark-haired girl gaped at the unexpected request and then groaned as her mind went blank. The keen eyes never wavered, so Katniss forced herself to focus. "Okay. Let me think a second. You want three words, right?" Annie nodded enthusiastically. Katniss searched frantically for an answer. Words had never been her strong suit. Finally, she blurted out, "Hurt, love, and hope. Will those work?" Annie smiled broadly. "Those will do perfectly. I have just the thing." She tossed the pencil and paper aside and walked swiftly toward the back wall where a dilapidated shelf took up most of the space. "Let me see," she murmured. "I know it's here. I just saw it this morning." Her eyes rapidly scanned the titles and then lit up as she spied what she was looking for in the bottom section. "Aha!" she exclaimed. "I knew it! This is the perfect book for you." She pulled it from the bookcase and handed it to Katniss with an exaggerated flourish. "You'll love it. It's exactly what you're looking for." Katniss reluctantly took the proffered book and examined it. The cover was a somber black and gray with the word 'Deprivation' embossed in dull, silvery script. She turned it over to read the blurb and felt her brows rise at the blank expanse that greeted her. "There's no summary," she noted. "Of course there isn't," Annie trilled. "Did you really think a book called 'Deprivation' would spill its secrets so easily?" Katniss eyed her dubiously but nodded and reached into her pocket for her wallet. Annie tucked the book into a cloth shopping bag and shook her head. "No, don't pay me now. Read it first. If you love it as much as I think you will then you can give me what you think it's worth. If you hate it, bring it back with no hard feelings. Okay?" Katniss didn't quite know what to make of the offer. She looked stupidly from the proffered bag to the money held limply in her hand and then met Annie's amused look. "I can't do that. It's not right. Here. That should be enough to cover it." Annie grinned at the girl's insistence. "It's not the way I normally do things but I'll make an exception this time. This is a special case. You came in here for a reason. You're looking for something." Katniss let out a disbelieving laugh. "And you think the answer is in that book? I'm not looking for anything. I just came in to get out of the rain. That has to be the craziest thing that I've ever heard." Annie's expression didn't waver. If anything, she looked even more amused than she had before. "You're not the first person to call me crazy. I'm positive that you won't be the last. I believe that everyone has a story that speaks to their soul. Some are lucky enough to find it. When that happens, the story becomes a part of them just as they become part of the story. If I'm right, then the book you have in your hand will speak to you." Katniss didn't know what to say or do, so she wordlessly tucked the book under her arm and met Annie's eyes once more. On impulse, she asked hesitantly, "What story spoke to you?" Annie seemed unfazed by the question. Rather, she seemed inordinately pleased. "It was actually a poem. Have you read Poe? His poem, Annabel Lee, is my favorite. If you aren't familiar with his work, do read that one. It's extraordinary." "Why that one?" Katniss questioned. "What's so special about it?" "It's about a love so strong that not even death can sever the bond. It's a beautiful thought, isn't it? I've never been a fan of poetry. To be honest, I thought it was for sentimental fools. Annabel Lee changed my mind. I came to District Twelve as a last resort. I had to find a book for my American Literature class. They were sold out at the bookstore on campus. I went all over town trying to find it. District Twelve was the last on my list. An old woman named Sae owned the shop at the time. She took one look at me and pointed me toward the back wall. I didn't even get the chance to ask for the book I had spent all day searching for. She just waved me through and went back to her knitting. Sure enough, the book was on the shelf. As I pulled it free, another fell at my feet. I picked it up and started to place it back on the shelf but she stopped me. Told me that one was a freebie. It was mine. I can't say that I was especially thrilled by her announcement, but it would have been rude to refuse so I took it home. I flipped through it out of curiosity a few days later. The title caught my eye because of the similarity to my own name. I read it over and over. I couldn't get it out of my head. Then I didn't want to. Those were my words, even though I had never seen them before walking into that shop." Katniss narrowed her eyes in disbelief. "So you liked the poem. That's great for you. What makes you think this book will affect me the same way?" "Call it a hunch," Annie replied. "Just remember what I said. If I'm right, then pay me what it is worth to you. If I'm wrong, then bring it back. It's not that complicated." Katniss shoved the folded bills into her front pocket and tucked the bag more securely under her arm. "I'll look it over but I still say it's a waste of time. I don't read stories like this one. They're too dark and depressing. If I wanted that, I'd just watch the news." Annie laughed and gave a flippant wave of her hand. "I think there is more to that book than meets the eye. Give it a chance, Katniss. You might be surprised by what you find." Katniss turned to go but stopped and looked back, "You called me Katniss. I didn't tell you my name." Annie chuckled, "You didn't tell me a lot