It begins…. It was her own damned fault for letting Johanna talk her into buying such a ridiculously expensive item. Since when did Katniss fucking Everdeen care about fashion much less looking fashionable. The promotion was the straw that broke the camel's back and gave Johanna the last bit of leverage needed to press her point home. "You owe it to yourself," she said. "Do something for you for a change," she cajoled. The coup-de-grace had been when she involved Prim. Katniss couldn't deny her little sister anything even the outlandish request to "spend some money already. You work so hard for it." She had been outnumbered and outflanked and eventually had given in. And then just like that, in an instant, it had all gone straight to hell. It was the kind of day that Katniss usually favored. The sky above was a lovely shade of robin's egg blue with just a few wispy clouds to mar the perfection. The subtle warmth of the afternoon sun lay on her shoulders as lightly as a blanket. She closed her eyes and tilted her head back, enjoying the light breeze that caressed her cheeks and toyed with her hair. That moment of inattention gave the jerk all the opportunity he needed to ruin her day and her congratulatory gift in one fell swoop. She felt the furtive pull on her bag and dismissed it initially. When it came again more strongly, she quickly opened her eyes and tightened her hold on the strap as she spun toward her assailant. Without warning, he shoved her away hard even as his hand yanked her bag roughly in the opposite direction. The rest happened so quickly that later she could only recall a blur of dark clothing, a painful yelp as her posterior connected with the concrete path, and a loud snap as the pretty chain detail let go dropping her little indulgence into the bastard's waiting hands. Katniss shook her head in an attempt clear the tears obscuring her vision and bit back a curse as she noticed the comforting weight of her bag was no longer there. Several people stopped to offer her a hand up. Furious, red-cheeked, and fighting mad; she grasped one proffered hand and climbed to her feet. "Fan-fucking-tastic," she bit out. "Two days. Less than two days before the gods decided to punish me. I should have known." She waved away the offer to call an ambulance and hobbled under her own steam to a nearby bench. Once there, she began a hasty examination of her injuries. Her boots were dusty but otherwise unharmed. The tights were a complete loss. The knees were shredded, both material and the skin beneath. She pulled the sleeve of her jacket over her hand and gingerly dabbed at the beads of blood forming. She hissed out an oath as the material caught a tender spot, biting back a groan as she continued to wipe away the mixture of dirt and blood. The whirling of wheels on gravel pulled her head up in time to see an officer bringing his bike to a gentle halt in front of her. Clutched in his hand were the ruined remnants of her once beautiful Marc Jacobs bag. Katniss bit her lip as she viewed what was left of it. Unbelievable. The officer regarded her over the top of his steel-rimmed glasses. "Ms. Everdeen, does this belong to you?" He asked hesitantly. She gave him a terse nod. He handed it to back to her, "Can you please check it over carefully and give us a detailed description of anything that is missing?" Katniss blew out an irritated breath and undid the clasp so that she could look at the bag more closely. Keys. Day planner. Phone. Wallet. She met the officer's steady gaze as she finished. "Everything looks okay except for the bag itself. It's ruined. Did you catch the guy who took it?" The officer shifted foot-to-foot as he answered carefully, "We were able to take two men into custody. One was in possession of your belongings when we arrived on scene. The other was identified by an eyewitness who stated that he saw him running by with the bag. The other pursued and they scuffled. Right now, it isn't clear which one is our perp. They were both pointing fingers when I left. Hopefully, my partner has untangled the mess by now. "He glanced at her bloody knees and disheveled appearance. "Do you need medical help, Ms. Everdeen? I can radio for an ambulance. " She looked at his name tag before smiling politely and replying, "No, Officer Beetee, I'm fine. I think I'd like to go home if that's okay." The bespectacled man smiled sympathetically. "I'm afraid that we need you to come down to the station. We're asking that you take a quick peek at a lineup to see if anything leaps out at you. It will only take a few minutes and you can be on your way. It would help us to have your cooperation." Katniss grudgingly agreed but was pleasantly surprised when Beetee radioed in a request for a cab to pick her up and take her to the station. "Give this card to the officer on duty when you arrive. He will take care of the fare and arrange for you to be taken home if you need additional assistance." The cab ride was blissfully short for which Katniss was thankful. The adrenaline was subsiding and her aches and pains were beginning to make themselves felt. Once there, she was led into a small room containing a window, a small table, and a couple of prefab plastic chairs. She had just sat down when the door opened and a dark-haired woman wearing a vague, bewildered expression wandered in. She started abruptly after catching sight of Katniss sitting forgotten at the table. Her face held a look of extreme concentration before settling into dazed blankness the next instant. She flipped erratically through a small stack of papers and then pinned Katniss with a frightingly direct stare. "Ms. Everdeen, my name is Geraldine Wiress. Officer Beetee is my partner. I understand that your bag was forcibly taken this afternoon. I'm very sorry that you had to go through such a difficult ordeal." She leaned forward to pat Katniss's clasped hands. "You told Beetee that you didn't get a clear look at your assailant. What we hope to do with this lineup is to spark your memory. See if you might have noticed something that will enable us to make sure the thief is brought to justice. If you feel up to it, we'll go ahead and get started." Katniss gave the woman a resigned smile and allowed herself to be led into a narrow room that looked out over a gallery. The far wall was marked off in an ascending grid with the numbers delineated at regular intervals. Wiress led her to a spot just before the viewing window and then pressed a button on the nearby table. "Go ahead and send them in," She briskly commanded. Releasing the switch, she turned to Katniss and advised, "They will be numbered from one to six. Look each of them over carefully. Here is a pad and pencil to jot down any impressions that you have. Take your time. If anything looks familiar or gives you pause, make note of it. It could be important later. We're not looking for a grand revelation, Ms. Everdeen. Just take your time and see if anything stands out." The men shuffled into the arena and at a barked command, turned to face the window. Katniss felt exposed as six faces turned expectantly toward her. She shied back causing Wiress to place a concerned hand on her shoulder. "Can they see me?" She asked uncertainly. The older woman smiled and shook her head. "So I just look them over to see if I recognize them. Right?" Again, a supporting nod. "Okay," Katniss sighed. "I'll try." She stepped back to the window and peered through the fogged glass at the line of men shifting uncomfortably just a few feet away. The first one was nothing to speak of. She studied him closely but quickly determined that she had never seen him before in her life. The second was visually stunning and Katniss couldn't help but be impressed. Greek god was the first words that came to mind as she took in the bronze curls, sea green eyes, and a physique that only came from hours spent in the gym or being blessed by the genetics gods. His lips were curved up in a perpetual smile. Devil may care practically oozed out of his pores. Katniss mentally shook herself as the reason for her being here came back to mind. His navy blue hoodie and almost black jeans fit her memory of a blur of dark cloth darting past her right before she fell. She made a note on the pad and then moved her attention to number three. Here again, nothing stood out. Okay, Katniss said to herself. Only three more to go. Her gaze shifted right to take in number four and she gasped as the world slowed down and stopped. He was without doubt the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. Officer Wiress's instructions to look each one over carefully echoed in Katniss's mind as her eyes roved over his face and form taking in each and every detail. His hair was light almost white and fell in tousled curls over his forehead and about his ears. His face was a study of angles with an aquiline nose, thin lips, and a prominent jaw. As if somehow feeling her eyes moving over him, those lips curled up revealing a cadre of dimples. Broad shoulders tapered down to a trim waist and slim hips that were beautifully accentuated by a pair of low slung jeans. Katniss hummed quietly to herself as she considered the way those jeans rode his hips and outlined the long length of his legs. A voice sounding disturbingly like Jack Nicholson's Joker crooned in her mind, 'Stop the press. Who is that?' She rested her chin on an upturned palm as she considered him not realizing that her attentions hadn't gone unnoticed. Officer Wiress cleared her throat and inquired, "Is everything all right, Ms. Everdeen?" Katniss blinked and felt her face unintentionally flush. "Yes," she muttered. "Everything is fine. I just wanted to make sure that I didn't overlook anything." She hesitated, feeling a small flash of guilt at what she was about to do. The officer looked on attentively and prompted by a tendency that could have only come from Johanna Mason, Katniss blurted out, "I really only saw the guy from behind. It happened so quickly that I didn't see his face. I'm sorry." Officer Wiress's mouth tightened briefly but she nodded in understanding. She keyed the speaker once more, "Please have them face the wall." The lineup shuffled as the men turned away from the window. Katniss felt herself blushing once more but turned her gaze studiously forward. Her eyes went immediately to number 4 and stayed there. God, the rear view was even better than the front. Those damned jeans had to have been made specifically for this man. There was no other explanation. Her mouth went a bit dry, her stomach a riot of warmth and tingling sparks that danced and flitted as they brought her nerves to full and joyous life. Caught unaware by the reaction firing her blood, she pressed a hand to the glass with fingers tautly flexed. The sight of him standing there so unconcerned evoked something in her that was both strange and wonderful. Never had she felt something so abruptly and yet so strong. She had always considered mutual likes and compatibility as the most important factors when choosing a potential mate. She put so little store in her own