A/N Of all the stories I've ever written, I'm the most proud of this one. It was the hardest to write but, to me, it's also the best. Thank you for reading. Chapter 1: Fire I am Peeta Mellark. I am sixteen years old. I am a co-victor of the 74th annual Hunger Games. I am on the train coming home from the Capital. I have lost my leg to the Games. I have been lied to. I have been betrayed. I have been a fool. I should be dead. I wish I was dead. But wishes don't come true for guys like me. I should have eaten those berries when I had the chance. DENIAL I see the truth in her eyes and it cuts like a knife. It wasn't real. None of it. I had come into this with every intention of dying for the girl that I love. It suited my romantic sensibilities. Make the deal with Haymitch to bring her home. Get in with the Careers so that I could protect her. Fight Cato to give her the opportunity to run. Rot in a bed of mud and reeds until Claudius Templesmith made it worth her while to dig me out. Taste her kisses and lay skin on skin in the cold confines of that cave thanking God, Haymitch, and even President Snow that I finally got the chance to be close to her. Finding her in a puddle of blood and falling apart because she had done for me what I wanted to do for her all along. And in the end, feeling like the luckiest person in the world because not only am I alive but the girl of my dreams loves me back. It's surreal. It's a fairy tale. It's a lie. Haymitch won't look at me. He's known all along that it was a pipe dream. A pretty picture that we sold to the Capital in exchange for our lives. She and Haymitch are two of a kind. They can communicate without words. Somehow, she knew exactly how to spin it, how to play it, how to distort it until even I fell under her spell. I thought she loved me. I thought it was real. Haymitch knows the whole story. He knows that I naively begged him to help me die so that she could live. He knows that I planned it almost from the moment that I stepped on that stage. The irony almost chokes me. I can't help but run those images of stolen moments in the cave through my head. She had to feel something. She kissed me like she meant it. She's not that good of an actress. She has too many walls and hang-ups to ever pretend to be something she's not. Maybe she does love me and just hasn't realized it yet? Maybe I'm so used to looking in from the outside that I can't accept the fact that she really does love me. I've watched and waited for so long, afraid to take that leap. I didn't believe that she could ever love me back. Why would she? My own mother doesn't want me, never has. How could I believe that Katniss Everdeen could ever give me her heart? But those kisses felt real. Her caring for me, her stubborn refusal to leave me, had to come from somewhere. It can't have all been a lie. The almost inaudible sounds of my leg remind me of another thing I gave up to the Games. I willingly took the tourniquet off my leg to give Cato a humane death. Doing so was the right thing. It was the moral thing. That choice makes it possible for me to look myself in the eye as I stare blankly into the mirror and wonder if this is really my life. Nobody ever mentions my leg. They skip over that part as if it didn't happen. I'm reminded every time the stump aches, every time it clicks, every time I hear the slight hitch in my step. I'm not the man I used to be in a very literal sense. It doesn't really matter that I'm not whole anymore, right? I am still alive. I can be normal again. I can still be me. This doesn't really have to change anything, does it? My father's smile is forced when I come to the bakery. My brothers won't meet my eyes. My mother looks through me as if I'm not there. At least on that front, nothing has changed from before. I take a certain amount of comfort in that as strange as it sounds. It is a thread to my prior life, the life I had before the Games and the person I used to be. They treat me like a distinguished guest, not someone who has walked these rooms since I learned how to walk. It's as if the cakes I lovingly decorated never graced the front window. It's like I died, and a stranger who wears my face has come back home. Does my family love me? Yes, I believe they do. Do I still have a part in their lives? No. I lost my place when my name was called at the Reaping. I can't go back to my life. I can't make them love me the way they did before the Games. I convince myself that they will eventually see that underneath the Victor, I'm still here. I'm still me. I'm still me. ANGER I threw my leg this morning. I couldn't get the straps to line up. I couldn't get the damned thing secured. I couldn't pretend that everything was fine when the simplest part of my day had suddenly become the most difficult. The frustration welled up in me and I felt something break. I saw a thousand shades of red as the life that should have been mine rose up before me. This isn't how it was supposed to be. This is not my life. The leg crashed into the ornate mirror that hung over the carved dresser in my bedroom. The shards flew out in a spray of silver, the tinkling sounding musically in the gray light. I felt waves of pity and grief threatens to engulf me and tamped it down. I force myself to get up and retrieve the leg. My punishment for my brief lapse of control is to hop shakily while hanging onto any convenient piece of furniture. I feel hot tears gather as I make my way across the room but refuse to let them fall. My heart cries out, "Why me? How could this happen?" I know that I won't get an answer. Tottering like a two year old, I finally reach the leg and ease down to grab the straps. My balance waivers and I fall, the glass cutting into my knees and hands. The pain pierces the tether that I've maintained on my emotions. I grab the pillow and bite down, a scream escaping in muffled gasps and stifled moans. Finally, calm rolls in and soothes me. I slip the covering from the pillow and tear strips from it to bind my hands. That small task accomplished, I pull the straps tightly over my stump and push myself to my feet. I survey the damage both to myself and my so-called home. The wall bears a dent and the wooden frame is in pieces. I blow out a frustrated breath and head downstairs to get a broom and dustpan. The bad thing about letting yourself go is that eventually you have to clean up the mess you made. I just wish that some things were as easy to fix as a broken mirror. I'm surprised to hear voices coming from the dining room when I go downstairs. Pulling the belt of my robe more securely around my waist, I clump down the final few stairs and peer into the room. The sight that greets me causes my jaw to drop and my temper to ignite. My mother is wearing a fancy dress that could have only been produced in the Capital. She claimed her part of my Victor winnings without a single word of protest. My father wouldn't touch it. He declined graciously when I offered it. I didn't do it out of a guilty conscious. While we always had more than most in the District, we were by no means rich. I wanted to reclaim something of my old self; the selfless and forgiving side that I was sure had left me on the train. It was that part that I was trying so desperately to keep intact when I broached the idea. My father's jaw dropped and he couldn't get a word out. My mother leaped into the silence and commented that it was only right since I had so much. I needed to fulfill my obligations to my family. She still wouldn't look me in the eye but had no trouble accepting the purse I handed over each month. She is not alone as she makes herself at home in my house. The florist's wife and the apothecary's wife are staring wide-eyed at the finery before them. My mother has procured an ornate tea service from the well-stocked kitchen. Some of the bakery's finest scones and pastries are displayed on a decorative platter. She sits like a queen entertaining her friends at my table. She treats this place as if it belongs to her and hasn't been bought with the blood of children. The knot that closes my throat cuts off my greatest asset, my persuasive tongue. My unanswered questions suddenly find their answer. This happened because of her. She never wanted me. She never gave me the slightest hint of love or affection. The only touch I had ever received from my mother was a blow or a slap. She never expected me to come home. The only reason she's glad I'm here is the exalted status that being the mother of a Victor has given her in the District. The smile on her face belies the flinty hardness that enters her gaze at the sight of me. I barely hear her cordial explanation and the suggestion that I should go back upstairs and rest. All I see is her sitting at my table, eating from my china with her last words before I boarded the Tribute train ringing in my head. "She's a survivor." Nothing for the son who was leaving home for the first time with no assurance that he would ever return. No regret or apology. Nothing. My hand knocks the tea pot off the table and into the wall leaving a damp brown stain on the wallpaper. The glass doesn't chime quite as prettily as the mirror but the effect is much more satisfying. The ladies scream and chairs hit the floor as they hastily push away from the table. My mother meets me glare for glare. I remember that look from my worst childhood memories but this time I don't back down. I push my face close to hers where I can see every wrinkle and every pore. Her outraged rant cuts off midstream as I point my finger in her face and calmly remark, "You've made yourself quite at home, haven't you mother? Funny, but I don't recall inviting you here. I'm going to ask you nicely just once to take your friends and leave my house." Her back straightens and her eyes meet mine challengingly, "I don't have to be invited to my own son's house, Peeta. You've embarrassed both me and yourself enough. Don't worry about the mess. I'll take care of it. Go back upstairs before you tire yourself out. We'll finish our tea and head back to town shortly." Her practiced smile flickers to the two women huddled uncomfortably in the doorway. "Ladies, please be seated. I'll have more tea momentarily." I couldn't believe my ears. She actually