"Katniss, don't do this." She'd never heard Prim's voice so anxious, not even on the day of her first Reaping. Prim was trembling as she stared at her sister with worried eyes. "It's not right, Katniss, not today. You're only going to cause pain. Both to him and to yourself." Katniss felt something within her break. Tiny shards, like shattered glass, cascaded through her leaving a million cuts in its wake. And they bled. Oh how they bled. She'd known pain before, known suffering; but this was agony that tore her apart from the inside out. "I know," she murmured. "But I have to, Prim. I have to tell him." Prim worried her bottom lip, uncertainty digging deep furrows in to her brow. She tried to keep her voice gentle, knowing that to argue would only make Katniss dig in her heels. "He's getting married. You said it yourself that Delly will be good for him. He can make a life with her. It's too late, Katniss. You've waited too long." Whatever reaction she expected, it wasn't what happened next. Katniss's face crumpled, storm gray eyes welling with unshed tears. She tried to fight them off, but it was too much. When the first tear fell, the gates opened wide and nothing could hold back the flood. All Prim could do then was gather her in, whispering comforting nonsense until she cried herself out. "She is good," Katniss scrubbed her eyes with the pads of her fingers, her voice hoarse from crying. "She'll be good to him. He can be happy. He deserves that." "So do you," Prim said somberly. "Since Gale married Leevy, you've been different. Something changed. I've seen it. Why didn't you tell Peeta how you feel then?" "Because everybody expected Gale and I to end up together. It would have looked like I settled. He would have had to live with the gossip and the looks for the rest of his life and I couldn't do that to him." Prim sighed, knowing her sister was right. Life in Twelve followed predictable paths. Peeta could very easily be viewed as an object of pity, since neither he nor her stubborn sister ever showed the slightest bit of interest in one another. At least, not where anyone could see. They'd never spoken a word about the bread when they were eleven nor the conversation outside the bakery when they were sixteen, the year eighteen year old Rye Mellark was reaped. When news of an engagement between the baker's son and the cobbler's daughter began making the rounds, it was the first time Prim ever saw her strong, stoic sister falter. It only took one question for the whole story to come tumbling out. Stolen glances, finding hope amid burnt bread and bright yellow blooms, bits of information traded as much as loaves for meat. As impossible as it sounded, Katniss Everdeen had given away her heart. "He won't leave her for you," Prim noted sadly. "He wouldn't do that." "I know," Katniss returned, gray eyes solemn and sure. "I don't expect him to." "Then why tell him?" Her sister pulled on her old hunting jacket and then pulled her long coil of hair out of her collar. "I have my reasons," she said evasively. "I'll be back soon." Prim watched her go, a leaden weight in her chest where her heart used to be. xoxoxoxxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo She took a deep breath, tried to steady her shaking hands and then knocked on the door before she lost her nerve. Heavy footsteps sounded and the door was abruptly pulled open. She opened her mouth but the words hung in her throat at the sight of those sky blue eyes. "Katniss," he gave her a sweet, shy smile that set her heart pounding in her chest. "I wasn't expecting you today. Did you come to trade?" She shook her head, empty hands splayed at her sides and her tongue a tangled knot as she stood in bewildered silence. Seconds stretched into minutes as they stood on either side of the door, her unable to make the words come and him unsure what was happening. "Did you need something in particular, cheese buns maybe or that nut bread I know you like?" "I came to talk to you," she blurted, cheeks flaming at the abruptness of her declaration. "Can we…is that okay?" Peeta didn't ask questions. He immediately stepped outside, closing the door behind him. "Yes, of course. Is everything okay? Is it Prim?" Again, the silent head shake. "Katniss, I'd love to help but you're going to have to tell me what brought you here." He laid a gentle hand on her shoulder, brows pulling together when he felt the tremor that shook her. "C'mon, tell me." She gulped audibly and, for some reason, turned her head while blinking rapidly. "I…uh…need to ask a favor. It's not much but…I thought you might be willing to…" "A favor," Peeta repeated softly. "What do you want me to do?" Letting out a shaky breath, she seemed to brace herself before she spoke. "Look after Prim. She's eighteen now and the apothecary agreed to take her on as an apprentice. Part of the contract is for room and board. I hoped that you might keep an eye on her for me, make sure she's getting on alright." His smile broadened into a grin, clearly delighted. "That's great! I know Prim has turned into a talented healer. The apothecary is lucky to have her." His head tilted inquiringly. "Of course, I'll watch out for her but the Seam isn't that far from Town. You'll be able to see her every day. Why would she need me?" "Because she does," Katniss said shortly. "I can't always be there and Gale has his own family to look after. You'll be here most of the time and I know if you give your word, you'll keep it. Will you do it?" The smile faded but his eyes were steady as he nodded. Relief flooded her eyes and a solitary tear slid down her cheek as she returned the gesture. "Congratulations on your toasting. I wish you very happy, both you and Delly." He blushed but offered up another of those sun-bright smiles. "Are you coming? I know Delly would love it if you did. So would I." Katniss shied back, ducking her head so that she didn't have to meet his gaze. "I don't think so. That's why I came by now, because I knew you'd be leaving soon." Confusion and a touch of hurt colored his words. "Please, Katniss, it would mean a lot to me if you did. Would you think about it?" She shook her head furiously. "No, sorry. I can't. I can't watch you…I mean…it would..no. No." She spun on her heel and walked away quickly, him hot on her heels. "Katniss, wait a minute. What is it? What's wrong?" Katniss whirled to face him, tears streaming unheeded down her face. "I love you," she screamed. "I've always loved you and I can't stand there watching while you marry someone else. I couldn't take it." Peeta stopped in his track, mouth gaping as he tried and failed to understand what had just happened. "You…love..me," he repeated on a whisper. "Goodbye, Peeta," she mouthed before taking off at a run, as swift and fleet as a deer. She was gone from sight before he could even think of following. xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo Prim's hand covered her mouth, tears blurring the words on the scrap of paper in her hands. Furious knocking brought her head up and a soft cry escaped her as she bolted for the door. "Katniss," she called hopefully. Pulling the door open, she stood in slack-jawed surprise at the sight of Peeta Mellark pacing on the front porch. "Is she here?" He asked without preamble. "Can I see her? Please, Prim, where's Katniss?" Her eyes slid closed, fingers crushing the letter as pain knifed through her heart. She handed him the piece of paper and watched silently as he smoothed out the wrinkles and read it for himself. "What's this?" He demanded. "Where is she?" Prim cupped his cheek, forcing him to meet her gaze as she gently took the letter from his hands. "She's gone, Peeta. She took off into the woods. I don't think she's coming back." "But she said…she came to see me…" his anguished voice tore at her heart. "She left before I could say it back. Why would she say it and then go?" Prim covered her mouth with a shaking hand. Her beautiful, selfless, stupid sister. Of course, she would be the last one to see what was right in front of her. xoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxoxxooxoxoxoxo She made good time. Even after leaving the familiar paths of her hunting grounds, she continued to follow animal trails, veering into areas that showed signs of life. It boded well for hunting and keeping clear of areas decimated by the Capital's bombing of Thirteen so many years ago. Some places still reeked of smoke and ash, made unlivable by radiation and fallout from bombs. Others, that weren't directly hit, had rebounded. That was her target, to find some sort of shelter in one of these islands. The cabin at the lake would be too easy for them to find her. No, this was for the best. The break would be clean, which was what she wanted. As she walked, her mind wandered. Scenes flickered like lightning, memories of those she'd left behind. Prim with her capable hands and calm eyes; Gale with his fierce determination and stubborn loyalty. And then there was Peeta, her boy with the bread. She couldn't say why leaving him made her ache more than the others. Could have been and might have been…those thoughts burned the back of her throat like acid. I love you and I can't stand there watching while you marry someone else. By now, the deed was done. She'd meant it when she said he'd do well with Delly. If she couldn't be with him, Katniss took solace that he'd at least have someone decent to share his life. And he'd promised to look after Prim. She had no doubts that he would keep his word. Prim would have a good life, much better than the subsistence they'd eked out in the Seam. "It's for the best," she murmured, fingers tight on the curve of her bow. "Better for everyone that I'm gone." Still the memories rolled on…Lady licking Prim's cheek, Gale's winsome smile during his toasting, and Peeta's red-rimmed eyes after his brother's Reaping. Katniss could picture every detail in her mind. She'd gone to the bakery in hopes of seeing him, clutching a squirrel in case one of the others came to the door. Instead, she found him sitting under the old apple tree, arms wrapped around his knees and tears tracing grubby lines on his cheeks. "I'm sorry," she mumbled as she sat down a few feet away, the squirrel lying forgotten at her side. Peeta managed a weak smile, brushing his eyes with the back of his hand. "He joked that they would declare him Victor as soon as he stepped off the train in the Capital. Said the only one that could hold a candle to him was Finnick Odair. Rye always had a good opinion of himself. Should go a long way toward getting him sponsors." Forgetting herself for a moment, Katniss rested her hand on his shoulder. "He could win, Peeta," she said quietly. "He won the wrestling tournament at school. He's funny and good-looking. He'll have plenty of sponsors. He could be the next Victor. You can never tell." His blue eyes were grateful but resigned as he looked at her. "Do you really think that's possible, Katniss? Do you really believe he can get past the Careers? He can wrestle and he can bake. You can't frost someone to death in the Arena." She dropped her