Here I am again! The story I had promised you is done! It turned out to be a one-shot, I hope that's okay. I'm only sorry it took me so long to post it. Oh, and I got a new color obsession; red. Now, that I think about I have a lot of red items; lipsticks, blouses, a dress, hairbands, nail polish and underwear. Now that I really think about it, I need help. Do you have weird obsessions? Inspiration: Game of Thrones, Daenerys and Drogo. Dunno why. Oh, and when you read Felix, see Jason Momoa. Since Felix's complexion is olive in the book and all. For some weird reason I like to make the "good" guys bad and vice versa. Anyway... I apologize in advance if my Italian is not accurate. My only guide was Google Translate. Sorry. :-/ Oh, and no Renesmee ;) Disclaimer: SM owns Twilight. However, Liz's character is mine. Enjoy! "So, tell me more about her," I ask Edward as he drives us to the airport. I am really nervous about meeting her and her husband so I thought that if I knew some things about her, it'd be easier. "What do you want to know, love?" he sighs, as if it's not his fault I don't know the first thing about her. I wasn't even aware of her existence, until five hours ago. She called from NY, to let the Cullens know she and hubby are on their way. I just happened to be at Edward's at the time. "For starters, why did your whole family keep her a secret from me? I thought you trusted me," I frown, though I understand. He obviously doesn't plan on keeping me around forever, since he refuses so adamantly to change me. Therefore, he doesn't want me to know everything about him. I respect that, I do. I can't force him to stay with me forever. I'm merely a human, but the whole family never said anything about an eighth member. I'm a little hurt. "I do, Bella, with my life. Never doubt that," he emphasizes. "It's just difficult for me to discuss this. She's been gone for over 60 years. She never even met Alice and Jasper, but I can't tell her about them, because Aro will see them in her thoughts. You remember when I told you about Aro's ability, right?" he asks and I nod. As if I could ever forget. "We keep in touch, but we all miss her. I guess now that she's coming home, I might as well tell you about her, huh?" he chuckles humorlessly. "Does she know about me?" I ask, though I already know the answer. "No," he shakes his head, as if to get rid of the vilest thought. "If Aro knew about you..." he trails off. "We'd have war. I wouldn't let him touch you," he states firmly, more for his benefit than mine. "So, your sister?" I prompt again to take his mind off things. "Right. Well," he began, "Elizabeth Ann Masen -now Guerriero- is my older sister, only ten months older. She was barely 18 when she was changed. Carlisle saw how she took care of me when our parents died almost immediately, to the point of ignoring her own wellbeing completely. She only got fatally sick because she never rested. Sometimes I feel guilty for that. She could've been saved if it wasn't for me," he furrows his eyebrows. "Don't say that," I rub his bicep and lean to kiss it. "She did it because she loved you, not because she felt it was her duty. Don't tell me you wouldn't have done the same for her, I won't believe you," I purse my lips and cup his cheek. He turns his head to the side and kisses the inside of my palm before he continues. "Anyway, it was 1942 and we were invited to Italy. The Volturi had seen the war as a great opportunity to add to their army. Aro raided the battlefields frequently, looking for almost dead soldiers he could change. No one would notice their absence. You could say we were semi-forced to go, because we had refused his invitation every time he asked. But we lived in London at the time. We were out of excuses." he takes a few breaths before he continues, lost in his memories. "As soon as we walked in the room," he shakes his head. "Everyone realized what happened at once. Liz and Felix felt it. I read it in their thoughts. Marcus felt their bond. Carlisle recognized it in the way they stared at each other. They just... froze. The only thing I find solace in is the memory of Felix's face. He looked so shocked. He didn't know what hit him, until he was cooked and done." "That's awesome," I nod. "But who's Felix?" I ask. I'd never heard of him before. "Felix is the reason we had to take the Jeep. He'd never fit in my Volvo. From all the vampires in the whole city of Volterra, Liz had to go and mate with that hulk of a man they keep around, taller than Emmett. He was in Caius's guard, the blond brother. Aro saw it as his 'window' to make us stay. So, Liz and Felix could only stay together as long as they were married. Not that they didn't like the condition, but we'd either have to live in Italy or Felix would have to leave, change his diet and come with us. Liz has managed to switch him to animals since then, so he's vegetarian now, but he's also one of the oldest vampires I've ever met. It's hard for him to change his ways." "Is he older than Carlisle?" I ask, surprised. "He's older than Carlisle and Jasper combined, Bella. He's 800 years old, give or take," he estimates and I gape at him. "He was the greatest warrior in his village; in fact, that's pretty much his surname. His tribe was the equivalent of Vikings, only they were in north Italy. Fighting was all he ever knew. That's why it took Liz so long to convince him to leave. Aro knew that and he counted on it, because he wanted Liz, too." "She's gifted?" I question as we turn into the airport's parking lot. "Yes, but it's complicated. Umm, I'll let her explain it to you." With that, he gets out of the car and assists me to get out, too. I never got the hang of it. "Alice said she'll show up any minute. I can hear her thoughts, but I don't see her yet," he strains his neck towards the gate to catch a glimpse of her. I try to do the same, without results. "How will I recognize her?" I ask nervously. I really want to make a good first impression. "Easily enough. Liz and I look almost exactly alike. Same hair, about Esme's height. Oh, there she is. Liz!" He yells and shakes his hand furiously, willing the girl to notice him. When she does, she smiles an eerily familiar crooked smile with perfectly red painted lips. A 5'6" tall, hourglass body-that-would-put-Kate-Uptown-to-shame kind of girl with a black backpack on her shoulders runs towards us. Her hair is as crazy as Edward's -only not as red and more honey-brownish- with bouncing tendrils escaping the messy bun on top of her head. Red, checkered shirt, skin-tight jeans that accentuate her curves and sneakers complete her ensemble. She doesn't dress like the rest of the Cullens. I'm sure she will, though, as soon as she meets Alice. Pale just like I expected her to be, though a blush is discernible, something I assume is the result of makeup. She wears blood-red lipstick on her plump lips and sunglasses, though I can't understand why. As she jumps into Edward's waiting arms, I shift on my feet nervously, half-impatient, half-scared. What if she went back to drinking humans? She's been living in a town full of "normal" vampires, surrounded by human, flowing blood constantly. What if it was too much? But the notion leaves me instantly. If she were dangerous, Edward would be much more careful. "Oh Dio mio, I've missed you so much, little brother," she exclaims and tightens her arms around him. Her voice, though warm and inviting, isn't exactly what I expected. Every vampire I've ever encountered -good or bad- has the voice of an angel. Liz's voice sounds... normal. Years and years of practice? "Me, too, sis," Edward sighs, the love for his sister shining through. "Hey," he says and sets her back on her feet as she was hanging from his neck the whole time. "There's someone I want you to meet," he smiles and nods to me, winking. "It'll be okay," he mouths, soothing my fears. "Oh, hi," she exclaims. "I didn't see you there. She's human," she whispers to Edward. "She knows," he smiles and hugs me from behind. "Bella, this is Elizabeth Ann Guerriero, my sister. Liz, this is Isabella Marie Swan, my... my everything." "Oh. Oooh," Liz smiles, getting it. "Rare, but it surely happens. I should know. That's why you didn't tell me about her, isn't it?" she asks and I feel Edward nod against the top of my head. "Well, I'm Liz, your sister-in-law," she smiles again and hugs me. And I freeze completely. There's no other explanation, it must be the room's air conditioning. She's so... warm, humanly warm. "Wow, it sure is cold in Washington, isn't it?" she shivers and takes off her glasses. And her eyes are not golden. They're not even red. They're hazel. Half brown and half green, like a tropical forest. What kind of contacts gives such a color? And why would she ever need to cover her golden eyes? "In Florence, it's really hot. Mediterranean climate and all that. Umm, Edward, she looks at me like I'm extraterrestrial. You've told her nothing?" she scolds and Edward actually looks down for a second. "I thought I had given you enough time," she pinches the bridge of her nose, just like Edward does. "I'll explain," she turns to me, "but when we get home, okay?" she smiles sheepishly at me. "Umm yeah, sure," I consent. "Where's Felix?" I ask. "He wanted to pick up our bags alone," she smiles ruefully." He doesn't like it when I lift a finger." Edward just grimaces. "Hey! Be nice!" Liz orders, pointing a perfectly painted red nail at Edward and she's every bit the older sister I've been told she can be. "Fine, fine," he raises his arms before he wraps them around me. "There he is," he nods towards the gate and... it's not hard for me at all to tell who he is. He's not just taller than Emmett. He's bigger than Emmett. Around 6'11", 30-something years old, olive skin, dark hair, hard, golden stare, sharp features, frown, square shoulders, too-wide-for-me chest and crisp, gray suit. He walks with confidence, carrying four travel bags and dragging two suitcases behind him. He looks every bit the great warrior he's supposed to be, he's intimidating. "Isn't he handsome?" Liz whispers, leaning into me and I can't help but smile, liking her instantly. I guess everyone thinks the same when it comes to their mates. "I hope I didn't have you waiting too long, sole mio," he smiles down at Liz and wraps his arm around her shoulders, setting the luggage down and his whole face changes as he gazes at her. "Made friends already? And, hello, Edward." "Nuh-uh. That's Edward's mate , Bella," she stretches the word out and claps her hands excited. "Bella, this is my mate and husband, Felix Guerriero." I didn't miss the fact that he was first her mate and then her husband. "Pleasure to meet you, Bella," he shakes my hand and it's, too, warm. "Welcome," I greet back. "Let's go, shall we? I could kill for