Nico walked slowly through the dark, dingy corridor of his father's palace. The echo of his footsteps was the only sound besides the constant white noise of the moaning dead. When he reached the throne room door, he did not even hesitate to pull it open and charge inside. Hades looked mildly surprised to see him, not exactly happy, but not disappointed. That was a good sign. They'd been getting along better ever since the end of the war against Gaea. But they weren't exactly pals either, and Nico spent significantly more time at Camp Half Blood now than in the Underworld. But it was the day before Thanksgiving, and Will was home with his family for the holiday, and there had been something gnawing constantly on the edge of Nico's mind that he suddenly felt a need to investigate. "Hello Father," he said, still taking the arbitrary bow before the throne. "Nico. What is it you need? I assume that is why you're here." His expression was cool, his voice even, devoid of emotion. "Not that it isn't good to see you, but yeah. I didn't really want to ask before, since I know how busy you've been for the last few months, but there's something I've been wondering about ever since the war ended." He took a deep breath. "What happened to Leo Valdez?" Hades sighed. "I was wondering when you would come and ask me that. Unfortunately, I can't be of much help, but I will tell you that he is not here." Nico wasn't sure whether to be relieved or afraid. Somewhere in the back of his mind he knew, but he still was unsure what to make of it. "Then… where is he? How?" "The physician's cure," his father replied, as though it were obvious. "You were there. You knew that Hazel gave a trick version to that Piper girl, giving Leo the real one. His soul was here, very briefly, though I'm not sure how long, exactly. Not long enough to be conscious of it. Then he received the cure, and he was gone." Nico took a moment to absorb all this. "He's alive, then? Why didn't he come back to Camp Half Blood? Where else would he be?" Hades shrugged. "That, I could not tell you. However, it is possible I could try to find him, if you wish. I have a couple of good trackers that are itching for something to do." "Really?" Then he stopped himself, not wanting to appear too excited in his father's presence. 'Um, I mean… Thank you, Father." Hades nodded, and Nico thought he may have even detected a hint of a smile. Then the King of the Underworld snapped his fingers, and two hellhounds materialized. Their eyes glowed bright like rubies, less affectionate than Mrs. O'Leary, but not likely to rip him apart. One licked his face, leaving a small waterfall of drool. Nico wiped it off, groaning and wrinkling his nose a little. "Tinder, Ember, sit." They did. For some reason, it struck Nico as odd that Hades had bothered to name the dogs. He must have had at least a hundred of them running around the Underworld. "Go with Nico. Find Leo Valdez." He turned back to Nico. "Do you have something with his scent?" He shook his head, looking down sheepishly. Then he got an idea. "Bunker Nine," he said. "That was his workshop. No one else can get in, but we can shadow travel. If his scent is anywhere, it's there." Hades nodded in approval. "Very well. I wish you the best of luck, son." The word "son" made Nico jump. "Thank you, Father," he stammered. Climbing on Ember's back, he said, "Let's go to Camp Half Blood. Bunker Nine." He'd never been inside the workshop before, but it was more or less like he imagined, only much bigger. Bronze tools lay strewn about all over, with various blueprints lining the walls and covering the tables. There was a gaping hole where the Argo II must have sat as it was being built. In the corner was a desk, piled with pages of notes, half-formed wire creations that looked like the result of too much nervous energy, and several old cans of pop collecting dust. On the far end was a picture of a pretty Hispanic woman in overalls, with grease stains on her face and hands, and a little boy in her lap with curly hair and glowing brown eyes. Tinder and Ember sniffed around for about 30 seconds, then barked excitedly. "Got something?" Nico asked. They barked again, which Nico took as a yes. "Alright," he muttered. "Here we go." The shadows folded around the three of them as they took off for wherever their mechanic might be. When Nico's feet were back on the ground, he stumbled back, slightly dizzy. Wherever they'd jumped to, it was far. The sun was shining over a blue expanse of sea. He was standing on an empty cobblestone patio that jutted out over a cliff. Narrow streets were lined with shops and cafés, with young couples and old friends sipping coffee and watching people go by. Dried herbs hung in windows with flower boxes on the outside of the old stone buildings. Nico sighed, mildly disappointed. They were in Italy. The hellhounds barked insistently, turning toward the town ahead. None of the mortals seemed to notice them as they bounded through alleyways, while Nico ran to keep up. It was so warm outside, he had to take off his aviator jacket, slinging it over his arm as he chased the dogs. Finally they stopped in a grassy park, and Nico grabbed onto Tinder's collar before they could run off without him again. "Wait for me next time, okay?" he panted. The hounds whimpered apologetically, like they understood. Nico walked toward a sign, hoping it could tell him where they were. When he read it, he was caught off guard. "Valdez," he murmured, "what are you doing back in Malta?" There was no way it was a coincidence that both times the guy had disappeared, he ended up here. Hazel had told him what happened the first time, how he'd been sent to Ogygia and fallen in love with Calypso. Malta was supposedly Calypso's birthplace. That kind of made sense. So if he was somehow here again… Tinder pulled at his collar, which was still in Nico's hand. Ember barked, turning his head back toward the sea. Nico climbed up on Tinder's back and nodded. The hellhounds took off even faster than before, knocking over a man's stall that was selling fresh fruits. The man yelled in Italian that Nico was a "rude, insufferable peasant," but he was gone in a flash. He lost track of how many turns they made before they ended up on a beautiful rocky beach, with a clear view of the harbor. Normally he was sure it would be full of tourists, but in the off-season it was almost empty. Tinder and Embers barked triumphantly, nodding toward a couple at the far end, near a wall of rock. They were facing away from him. The boy leaned casually against the cliff face, seemingly telling a joke, while the girl was rolling her eyes, laughing and skipping stones. Both were dressed in simple t-shirts and jeans, and the tool belt around the boy's waste was unmistakable. "Stay," Nico commanded the hellhounds as he strode in their direction. The girl saw him first. Her caramel-colored hair was pulled back, and she had big brown eyes, pale skin and full lips. There was no denying how beautiful she was without even trying. She said something to the boy, who turned sharply. He looked bewildered at the sight of Nico coming toward him. Leo Valdez stood completely still until Nico was less than a foot away from him. "N-Nico?" he stammered. "How did you—" Suddenly Nico felt a surge of anger, cutting him off. "Valdez, what were you thinking? Do you have any idea how worried everyone's been? Hazel thinks it's her fault, Piper blames herself, Jason is still waiting for you to come back, and the whole Hephaestus cabin needs you. How could you just up and die like that, and not even have the decency to let them know you're okay?" Leo just gaped at Nico, as if still drinking in the fact that he was here. "Um…" He sighed. "You could have at least sent a message or something." Leo scrunched his eyebrows, looking slightly puzzled. "Wait—how long has it been?" "More than three months. Almost four. Thanksgiving is tomorrow." "What?! I've been gone that long?" "How long did you think you'd been gone?" Leo shrugged, collapsing against the cliff wall and putting a hand to his forehead. "I had no idea." "Time is difficult in Ogygia," the girl supplied. He nodded. "Plus you factor in the time that I was dead… man. We just got here yesterday. I had to fix Festus, and there's a nice cave back there for him to rest in." Leo sighed. "They're okay, though, right?" Nico nodded. All of his anger had simmered out. "Yeah. Everyone's fine. They just really want you to come back. Jason and Piper won't let them stop hoping." The girl put a hand on Leo's shoulder. "We could go, if you want. I would love to see this camp of yours. Festus is in working order now, isn't he?" "I guess so. Oh, and Calypso, meet Nico. Nico, Calypso." Nico nodded at her, and she smiled. Leo turned back to face her. "But are you sure? I mean, there's so much world out there that you haven't seen for so long…" Calypso swatted him on the arm. "I'm not that needy. Besides, I've already seen more new things than I thought possible in one day. Cars, cameras, gelato… don't want to spoil it by getting too much at once." "But all the way across the Atlantic… that's a long trip. It would take days, and we'd have to refuel somewhere along the way." "We'll figure it out. You're not the only smart one around here." Nico felt kind of awkward about it, but interrupted. "We could always use shadow travel. It would be near instantaneous, and I have two hellhounds with me that can help take you and Festus. We'd have to wait until tomorrow, though. They've already made two jumps today. Three is asking a lot." Leo considered this. He turned to Calypso. "What do you think?" She shrugged. "Sounds good to me. That gives us some time to look around before we leave." He nodded. "Then it's a deal. And look, Nico… I'm really sorry. I didn't know how long it had been, honestly. And, uh, thanks for finding me." "Don't mention it." The two stood there awkwardly for a few seconds, until Nico cleared his throat. "I'm going to grab something to eat, then I might hit the sack. With great power comes great need to take a nap. Meet you back here in the morning." "Yeah. See you." As the couple walked away, Nico considered how odd, yet perfectly matched, they looked together. A scrawny, elf-like Latino boy with wild black hair, and a beautiful girl of his same height walking gracefully, almost regally, bantering back and forth. Then he thought of Will Solace, and he smiled. After finding enough change in his pockets to haggle for some greasy street food, Nico settled down on the beach with Tinder and Ember, unable to deny how exhausted he felt. It didn't take long for him to close his eyes and drift off to sleep. When the son of Hades awoke, the sun was just starting to peek over the horizon. He got up, then whistled for Tinder and Ember to follow him as he trudged over to the cave where Leo and Calypso were keeping Festus. The two were still passed out, Calypso on a foldable