This was another oneshot I wrote for a contest...Unlikely Pairings. Definitely not what most would expect from Alice! Author: WendyD My Savior; My Angel She never saw ME coming! Alice POV "Jasper! Stop tickling me! How many times do I have to tell you that I hate it when you do that?" I giggled and tried to get away. "Really darlin'", kisses shoulder ; "if that was true," kisses neck ; "you would just get up and run", gently kisses lips ; "'cause you know that you saw me coming before I ever laid a finger on you," Jasper whispered before passionately devouring my lips and rolling on top of me. I stifled a giggle as he ran his tongue along my bottom lip asking for entry as our tongues met and danced together. We basked in the sun's warmth while lying together on the beach of Isle Esme. I moaned as Jasper ran his right hand down the length of my left side. He paused, gently caressing my nipple before moving lower. "Alice darlin'", you are so beautiful. I am the luckiest guy to have found you when I did. I was so lost before I met you and now, I am complete," Jasper whispered softly humming in my ear. I was lucky Jake and Nessie announced that they'd finally set the date for their impending nuptials. My precious niece was finally marrying her one true love; so of course, I insisted on planning her fairytale wedding, just as I did her mother's. She was a little reluctant, but completely caved in when I showed her the dress I'd already designed for her special day. Edward and Bella had known this day would come, and even though they'd grown to love Jake, they were having a hard time letting their baby girl go. As a result, things were tense for a while. So, Jasper and I decided to take a much needed vacation before wedding mayhem erupted on both sides of the treaty line…vamps and wolves. I knew Edward and Bella are happy for Renesmee, but to them, she was still only a seven year old who looked seventeen, acted thirty and was marrying her mother's best werewolf friend. Talk about complicated. I laughed again and got a raised eye brow and grin from my handsome husband who stopped trailing kisses up my thigh to look up at me curiously. I just smiled at him without revealing my thoughts. He rolled his eyes and continued to tease me by stopping just below my navel, placing open mouth kisses along my stomach and then back down my thigh. "Alice, if anyone can keep the wolves at bay…it is you, dear. I ALWAYS bet on Alice!" He chuckled as he flipped us over placing me on top of him so that I was staring into those beautiful amber eyes. "Jas, you know me so well, you knew what I was thinking as usual. Have I told you how much I love you lately? I am so grateful that I'm married to you, my one true love, my soul mate, my hero. I cannot imagine my life without you. I'm so thankful we found each other when we did. You complete me." I smiled at him and kissed him more passionately. Suddenly, I felt him stiffen underneath me, eyes wide in horror. Before I could see what was happening, hands wrapped around each arm, pulling me off of Jasper who was now writhing in pain, screaming in agony. I just looked on; horrified at what I was seeing unable to move out of the grip of whomever was holding me when I heard her evil laugh. Jane. I struggled to no avail, but craned my head to the side keeping one eye on my beloved. To my right, I saw Jane and Demetri; at the same time, I realized it was Alec who was holding onto me. "Jane, Demetri...what the hell are you doing here? Why are you hurting Jasper? Stop it! Now! Get your filthy hands off of me Alec!" I screamed at them. Alec and Demetri just smirked, looking at me like I was speaking Greek or something. Jane continued torturing Jasper. I looked over at him and his eyes were a mask of horror. It was if he did not see anything, including me. I could tell he was trying to turn his head toward me, looking for me, but the pain was too intense. Jasper had fought many battles, both as a human and vampire, but he always said that Jane's "gift" was beyond anything he could counter. How did I not see them coming? What were they doing here and why was Jane hurting Jasper? Evil Bitch! When I get my hands on her…. "Oh, dear Alice. Aro sends his regards. We've been watching you for quite some time and were so excited when you decided to take your little trip to paradise, alone. It was so hard keeping our thoughts from what we were planning, but obviously, we were able to accomplish just that. Victoria may have been crazy, but that redhead taught us a lot before your family killed her. Good riddance to bad rubbish, but she did serve her purpose," she said sweetly, yet the hatred in her voice was thick. "How fitting that the last thing you said to your mate was how much you loved him and how you did not know if you could live without him. We shall see, won't we, dear Alice? We shall see," she said as she smiled at me and turned back towards Jasper, laughed, a deep mocking laugh then used her gift to torture Jasper even more. My heart broke as I watched him scream in agony as the pain became almost unbearable. Why had I not seen this sooner? How did they keep me from seeing this? Were they keeping speaking in code, using signals that I couldn't see that kept their decision's erratic, hiding from my sight? "Demetri, please take care of this problem and make Aro happy." Jane flicked a finger towards Jasper as if he was a bug on a windshield. Jasper's screams stopped. I looked over at him and he smiled. He hid his fear and sent a wave of calmness over me as Demetri moved at vampire speed and stood behind him, dragging him to his feet and digging his hands into his shoulders pinning him against his body. In that moment, I knew my life would never be the same. Jasper struggled and Demetri tightened his grip. He quit squirming and spoke directly to Jane. "Jane. Why are you doing this? We have never attacked without cause. You know that our family will avenge us. They will never let you keep us as your prisoners," Jasper spoke as he sent another wave of calm over us. "Oh, Jasper. You are mistaken. Aro has no intentions of keeping the both of you captive. And as far as your family is concerned, we are counting on them coming to save their dear, sweet Alice." She smiled watching as the meaning of her words sunk in for both of us. Jasper flashed me one last sweet, sorrowful smile and then mouthed, "I will always love you." He started struggling again; kicking at Demetri's legs and trying to wriggle out of the vice-grip hold he had on him. "Jasper, have you not heard a word I said? Your fate is sealed; Aro has signed your death certificate. Alice, on the other hand, he wants alive. However, if you choose to keep fighting and making this difficult; I will not hesitate to kill Alice. I am sure I can convince Aro that your unfortunate demise was necessary and unavoidable. Nothing would give me greater pleasure than to get a ' two for one' deal when it comes to the Cullen Family." At that moment, I would have given anything to be a mind reader like my brother, to know Jasper's last thoughts, though I know they were only of me and my safety. Then, as if watching a movie on the big screen, I saw exactly what Jane had planned. Suddenly, it was as if time stopped. I stood there, mouth agape as everything around me slowed to a snail's pace and the vision unfolded behind my closed eyes. I watched, unable to move or speak, as Demetri slipped his hands up Jasper's shoulders and placed them around his throat. With one swift and fluid motion, he ripped off Jasper's head while looking at Jane for approval. I saw Jasper's head rolling in the sand; his once vivid face, alight with an enamored smile moments before, now void of any life. "Noooooooo! Jasper!" was all I could get out as I struggled to get out of Alec's grip and watched in horror as Demetri ripped off my love's head and tossed it onto the sand. Alec POV I held onto Alice as she struggled to save her mate. Aro had sent us to get Alice while she was separated from the rest of the Cullen's. I was sick of Aro's antics, but did as I was told. Frankly, I feared disobeying would cause a showdown with my sister, Aro's new protégé. They were both vengeful, arrogant and unstable. She was no longer my other half. She no longer sat with me in the cool of the night, reading our favorite story our mother read to us every night before she was murdered. My thoughts, opinion or concerns were no longer intertwined with my twin sister. Our paths had definitely taken different directions. We had been watching Alice and Jasper on the beach, making out and playing around constantly moving and keeping our thoughts chaotic. I knew it was wrong, yet all I kept thinking was how much I envied them. They seemed so happy and in love. I had no understanding of any of these things. I was not allowed to be around any female other than my sister for very long. Aro kept us isolated so that we would not have any opportunity to fall in love or lose sight of who he was in our lives. He had to be the center of everything. I had truly begun to hate him over the last decade, especially after watching him try over and over to destroy the Cullen's because they were different. They were happy. They were a family. How I longed to have a family again. "Noooooooo! Jasper!" Alice screamed and tried desperately to get out of my grip and get to her mate as she watched Demetri rip his head off and toss it onto the sand. As soon as his head hit the sand, Alice went completely limp in my hands falling to the ground. I looked down at her and she had gone completely catatonic. I sadly shook my head at Jane. She waved a hand at Demetri who proceeded to rip her mate apart and toss the body parts into a pile on top of his head. Jane drenched him with lighter fluid and set him on fire, purple smoke filling the air as a sweet aroma surrounded us. Alice never moved. "What the hell, brother? Did she pass out?" Jane demanded as she walked over to where we were. I cradled Alice in my arms looking at her pretty face. It was lifeless. No light in her eyes, no smile on her face. Nothing. I ran my finger gently across her cheek. Again, nothing. "I have no idea, sister. I think the shock of seeing her mate killed has sent her comatose," I answered jerking my hand away. I realized that I had let my hand linger on her soft neck longer than necessary. "Come brother, Aro is waiting for his prize. We don't want to keep him waiting too long, now do we? Keep a good grip on her. We would not want her waking