This story won honorable mention in a FWAR oneshot contest called Phases of Life. It was fun to write. I had this idea and asked a REAL writer to help me put it into words! LOL Thanks LFC Hotstuff! I always felt Leah got the shaft in Twilight, so this is how I saw it working out for her! I do not own nor wish to own Twilight by Stephenie Meyer and only want to play in her world. :) AUTHORS: Wendy D & LFC Hotstuff Things happen for a reason. Embry's mother, Tiffany, had always kept the phrase handy, repeating it every now and then until Embry felt the words were ingrained into his brain. Whatever his mother meant when she said those words was not lost on Embry; he just needed the time and the nerve to establish what he already knew in his heart. He waited until he heard his mother's footsteps slowly fade away before getting out of bed. Last thing he wanted was for her to see what he was planning to do. Whether he liked it or not, his mother had a pretty good read on him. They were very close and no one knew him better, not even his best friend and Alpha, Jake. She saw right through him and knew what he was thinking even before he acted on it. This wasn't the day he wanted to explain himself, much less, have his plans thwarted at the very last minute. He had made up his mind that today he'd find out who he truly was. He moved lithely towards the bathroom of their two-bedroom house, the very home where all his cherished childhood memories were created. An intense sense of purpose jacked in his veins, leaving his heart racing and thumping with excitement. He went through his morning ritual like a Tasmanian devil on a mission. With one last look in the mirror he studied his jaw; the hard planes that dipped a little too sharply, the almond eyes that bore a resemblance to one person in particular, and the tousled mop of hair that will remain as such because he didn't believe in brushes or combs. He was a guy for Christ's sake; he had fingers that could do the job. With a smirk, he flashed the thumbs-up sign at the man staring at him in the mirror before he answered the call of his growling stomach. His mother's pancakes were unbelievably delicious; there was no way he could resist a bite before he left, no matter the urgency of his purpose. He bounded to the kitchen and rolled two pancakes in a fat cigar-like shape. Patting his keys inside his pocket, he grabbed his baseball cap sitting on the counter, a last minute decision to hide the unruly mess known as his hair. Devouring the pancakes in just a couple of bites, he finished his breakfast even before his stomach recognized that it has been fed, which was really hardly enough for him. He broke into a jog, feeling the early morning sun against his face; feeling the extra bounce in every step hardly noticing the wind held a chill that promised the coming of fall was just around the bend. After several minutes, he decided to run at a blazing speed synonymous with werewolves even in their human form. He remembered his own transformation; the wonderment, the curious surprise that marked an end of an innocent childhood and a destiny meant to protect and serve. He chuckled at the thought of sounding and looking like a man in uniform with the slogan running in his head. Then his mother's voice echoed; everything happens for a reason . Embry heard Leah approaching so he quickly hid behind the tree and tucked his shorts, tee and cap on his leg and phased. Hey boy, what's with the goofy grin ? Leah's voice ruined his mindless inner ramblings. He slowed down when he saw her running alongside him, which was really unnecessary. The woman was built like a marathon runner on speed. She was unbelievably fast, often putting all of them to shame, tireless and fierce. She was an enigma of sorts but somehow he understood her. She didn't try to fit in, didn't mince words. She called things as she saw them, bullheaded almost, but with a heart of gold she rarely let anyone see. Embry caught a glimpse of Leah's true color once, by accident. He remembered seeing the adoration in her eyes when she gazed at Bella and Edward and what they had to endure to keep their relationship and their love afloat. They fought for their love and Embry saw how Leah softened at the sight, a silent longing evident, but only for a moment. Hey Leah, Como esta mi Amiga ? He realized he sounded like the ultimate geek. But with Leah, he need not worry about showing his true colors. It was always a relaxed camaraderie between them. She was the Beta and he was a dog following after her. It was the hierarchy; he was the third in command and had no qualms following her and watching her rear every single time. He chuckled once more, earning a disapproving look from Leah. Hello to you, too. Mind if you turn the volume down a little? The whole pack doesn't have to know what you're going to do today and, most especially, I don't want you looking at my rear. Her voice in his head was stern, but a hint of a wolfy grin broke at the corner of her lips. Sorry Leah…I'm just feeling a bit more energized than usual. Today's the day, you know. He winked at her, silently challenging her to a race before they made the turn into the little street that would lead them to Jacob's house. They fell into a slow jog as the house came into view and Leah stopped abruptly, skidding on all fours. Hey Kiddo, this is where I say good luck. I'll be waiting for you after. I'll be by the creek at the border okay. Leah told him, holding Embry's eyes with a tender understanding for a short time knowing the gravity of his emotions before she turned to go. Thanks…and Leah…call me Embry…no more Kiddo. I'm bigger, hotter and taller than you; he mocked and saluted her with a toss of his snout before he drew out a long sigh, facing the house that was like a second home to him. Wish me luck again! He said before walking towards the pebbled path leading to the door. Luck! And I'm definitely hotter. Leah said and snorted before she disappeared from view. It'll be alright no matter what, Embry. He heard her say warmly, and he was thankful for her words. He stepped inside the brush beside the house and phased back, wishing he could keep the security of his wolf form. The reason this was even a possibility in the first place was because the wolf gene had been passed down by his Father, a Quileute not Makah. He slipped into his cutoff jean shorts, tee and hat, and then made his way to the door. He drew another long breath before his knuckles landed on the door. He waited several seconds before he knocked again. This time, he heard the floor squeak, a grunting sound and the door was held open by Billy. Just the person I'm dying to see. He told himself and plastered a smile on his face. Billy's face broke in a pestering smile that Embry knew so well. He had grown up being around him all the time while he and Jacob played together. "Hey Son, what brings you here?" Billy scooted his chair to the side to let Embry in. "Jake isn't home, if you're looking for him." Son . Just the very thought he had in mind. "Um…actually…I wanted to talk to you, Billy." Embry walked in and flopped on the raggedy sofa in the living room slash game room, to him and all of Jacob's friends who came and in one way or the other, were regular fixtures in the Black household. "Sure Embry, is something wrong? Your mother…is she alright?" Billy closed the door and was right next to Embry even before he had a chance to make himself comfortable. The concern and obvious care Billy had toward his mother, evident and endearing. "Mom's fine…nothing's wrong…" Embry paused, trying to find a better way to put his sentiments into words. Trying to get his questions prepared, hoping not to sound confused or accusatory. "What's on your mind?" "Well, I won't beat around the bush here…I don't believe in it and I hate to waste-" "As I do," Billy said, cutting him off mid-sentence. "Okay…I've been wondering, for a long time now, if you have any idea, who my father is? I do, but I want to ask you first ." Phew, that wasn't so hard. Embry thought silently, as he watched Billy's face, waiting for any twitch or any sign of denial which he would naturally understand. People just didn't go around asking their friend's father if they had any idea who their sperm donors were. Billy's Adam's apple bobbed several times as he swallowed the lump that migrated and blocked his throat in just a blink of an eye. Though his eyes on Embry didn't waver, he appeared as uncomfortable as a guy facing a firing squad. "I…um…your Mother, err…Tiffany and I met…err…I think I'm your father Embry," he said, his voice sounding strained all of a sudden. The silence that followed wasn't awkward; it was just a moment when they looked at each other, sizing each other's emotions and hoping to get their inner machos' out of the way so they could get to talking. "Is there any reason for you to doubt that you're not?" Embry finally asked. "There isn't. All that is left is a piece of paper stating so." Billy looked every bit proud of his statement and remarkably so. Embry felt his heart thumping, as well as somersaulting, at the statement. There was no doubt for him, or his Alpha-brother it seemed. Billy held Embry's gaze for a second longer and shook his head confirming the longing he never dared say out loud. Embry couldn't help the smile that crossed his face and asked the only thought he could muster. "What do we do next?" Once Embry was satisfied with Billy's explanation, he left with a light heart and his next step. It was actually a conversation he and Jake had the day before while they paired up in patrolling duties, one of the rare moments that Jake left the Cullen household. It was understandable that Jake spent most of his time there considering his imprint was still a toddler. Jake's presence at the Cullen home was two-fold. Of course, Ness, but also to be the pack presence should any of the visiting vampires get out of hand. The vampires coming to see the Cullens' and their way of life were afraid of the 'wolves that helped beat Aro and it only took a growl or slight takedown to defuse the situation. No doubt. You eat as much as Pops, your chin is definitely ours, your eyes dude, they're undeniably a Black's signature eyes…but make no mistake…I'm a better-looking Black okay? Jacob had joked. And if that's the case, you're younger than I am, so I can boss you around . Embry retorted not planning to let his pack leader get away too easily. They ended up running after each other that day using up all energy there was and it felt good, especially for Embry. This conversation was the catalyst that empowered him to come out and ask the question he'd kept to himself for some time. Embry couldn't wait to meet Leah at the creek and tell her the news. He knew in his heart he was