AN: I don't know if I should be starting another story… To be quite honest I have my hands full with two others already and Goku the Gamer will always take first priority, people that might like this will probably feel robbed that i'm not updating that quickly… Not to mention I'm starting this from my iPad since my Mac committed seppuku. Ah well the heart wants what the heart wants. This story came from two things, the first being a pretty good story called Confused by Time by dragonswoe and the second being a story I honestly can't remember much about besides the fact that Percy ends up in Tartarus and gets the power to take upon the forms and powers of the monsters he defeats and he ends up in a gladiator pit thing… I think. Anyway I went into Confused by Time thinking it was going to be about an Evil Percy who like kills his friends when they come to save him. Seeing as that was not the case I wanted a story in which it was. Not finding one that satisfied that itch and remembering how good the other one was, which I know is old and abandoned, I said to myself, "Hey, you've finally decided to write, why not do this?" And I was like "Yeah, YEAH!" So here we are. This might end up being a harem full of OCs, so I'm sorry ahead of time. On the other hand there is absolutely zero planning for this story and as such it can go literally anywhere. Without further ado, King of the Pit. Disclaimer: I do not own nor do I make profit off of the PJO or HOO series. Please support the official releases. ~KOTP~ Chapter 1: A Proposition The ride up the elevator to the 600th floor was an uncomfortably quiet one. Just an hour ago Percy's girlfriend Annabeth had announced that they were needed in Olympus for an emergency meeting. Percy was ready to cry, it hadn't been two months since they had defeated Gaia, he and Annabeth had moved in together a week ago, he just started at Taco Bell yesterday! He didn't need some apocalyptic bullshit ruining the good thing he had going! But he knew there was no way he could live through ignoring an emergency summons from the gods, forget about what his Wise Girl would do to him. So with childish complaining and heavily dragged feet Percy got into his '02 Ford Focus and headed to the Empire State Building. Percy knew something was wrong when every time he tried to start a conversation with his girlfriend she either ignored him or was so blunt in her reply that she left no opening to continue the conversation. It was rude, kind of hurtful, and downright weird for Annabeth to be doing for what seemed to be no reason. Sure she could be nervous about the meeting, but honestly she seemed more angry than anything. For the rest of the slow ride, oh the pains of midday traffic, Percy desperately searched his memories memories for anything that would explain Annabeth's cold demeanor, but for the life of him he couldn't remember a thing. He couldn't say he was a perfect boyfriend, but he loved his Wise Girl with all of his heart. Everyday he tried to treat her like the queen she deserved to be treated as. Since she was currently attending college at Columbia University to get her masters in architecture he always made her breakfast, lunch, and dinner. He wasn't doing anything at the moment so he got a job so that he could bring her out on more dinner dates and buy her jewelry. Sure he bought himself video games and other knick-knacks, but his earnings went mostly to her and their future. So he gave up, maybe she was just in a bad mood over something one of her classmates or professors did, beside, she clearly wasn't in a talking mood so he had chosen to talk to her about after the meeting. So there they were in the elevator, 'Gods I hope this ends soon, I'm going to drown in all this silence!' were the desperate thoughts of one Perseus Jackson. To his great relief the telltale ding of an elevator arriving at its destination occurred a moment later. 'Haha, thanks pops.' Smiling a bit at his silly thoughts Percy saunters out of the elevator with Annabeth in tow, only to be greeted by a relatively desolate Olympus. The city was as beautiful as always being colored predominantly by gold and marble and in the ancient Grecian style, but unlike Percy's previous visits there were no gods going about their daily lives. He reasoned that the emergency might be huge, on a scale grander than even Gaia was, which was a disturbing thought. As he had pondered upon his situation he and his girlfriend had arrived at the grand entrance to the throne room. The doors were shut, which felt a bit odd as the gods seemed to be expecting them, but they opened easily enough to Percy's push. Unlike what he had been expecting the throne room wasn't stuffed full of gods, the only ones there were the fourteen main gods (the twelve and Hades and Persephone). They seems to have been bickering over something but had stopped when they saw Percy enter. "Hoho, don't stop on account of little ol' me now. What's the emergency?" Ignoring the heavy atmosphere as was typical Percy failed in lightening the mood. If anything it grew heavier, a sort of cold tightness seemed to clutch at Percy's throat. Something was wrong, very wrong. Looking towards his father in whom he trusts with all of his heart he voiced the obvious question. "Dad, what wro-?" He was cut off quite harshly by his father. "Do not speak boy! You've been summoned to stand accused of murder!" Completely stunned by his father's words Percy barely sputtered out, "Wha, wha?" Sneering at his "son's" flustered appearance Poseidon spoke once again. "Do not play dumb, we know of your heinous murders, you might as well fess up now. Perhaps we may bestow a lighter sentence." The end of his speech actually sounded like a honest suggestion. Not one to abide by while being falsely accused Percy answered immediately. "The fuck? No! I haven't killed anyone!" Hearing his response Zeus finally spoke up. "Don't pay with us boy! Over the course of the last week almost fifty demigods have been murdered... by drowning. We know it was murder by the fact that all of the bodies were found large distances from any body of water and without any signs of struggle." Confused as to why he hadn't heard of this sooner and disturbed that things genuinely pointed towards him Percy answered with his defense. "Well that's nice and all, but it doesn't mean it was me! Tons of gods and monsters can manipulate water well enough to drown someone without being near a river or the ocean! How can it only be me when there are tons of gods capable of doing that exact thing? There's no way that you guys can keep tabs on-" To his great frustration he was cut off once again, this time , surprisingly, by an irate Artemis. "Don't be ridiculous! All minor gods that live on Olympus are kept very well track of especially since most never leave! And the biggest thing pointing toward you is the lack of struggle. Not a single one of those poor, dead children struggled even as they drowned. Clearly the murder had to be carried out by someone they trust and you Perseus are trusted universally by basically every demigod out there." She had calmed a bit by the end of her tirade, but her anger was clearly bubbling just beneath the surface. "I, uh, but, I don't have the time to kill all those people I have a job! And I take care of Annabeth and the apartment!" Looking at his beloved desperate to find some sort of support he was only met with a cold glare that spoke of anger and betrayal. "Well since I've been at school I can't confirm any alibi you might have, not to mention the killings started when we moved in together. I'm sure you've been planning to use me as your alibi all along! The final nail in the coffin though was your murder of one of my sisters last night. You might have claimed to be going to get take-out, but I knew you were taking too long. If only I had known then what I know now…" Percy was lost. He felt as though the whole world was crumbling around him and no matter where he looked there wasn't a ledge to save him. He desperately looked around the room, hoping to find compassion, sympathy, doubt, anything in the eyes of the gods! He was only ever met with cold indifference and several harsh glares; clearly these gods had lost children. Even Hestia greeted him with a deep frown and watery eyes, her expression and demeanor practically screamed, "How? How can you betray us, your family, like that! After all of the good you've done? How!" He looked away in shame, though he knew he hadn't done a thing clearly the gods thought otherwise. Quite unfairly all the evidence pointed directly to him and to be honest not many of the water gods had his level of power even if they shape-shifted into his form it would take some time to kill somebody, doubly long for a demigod. Even his Wise Girl doubted him. Percy knew he was beaten and hung his head causing his hair to shadow his eyes all in an effort to block out the world. "Hmph, so you've accepted the situation? Good. It just so happens that Tartarus has been quite restless these past few days no doubt cause by the loss his beloved Gaia. To appease him in a sense he has demanded our greatest demigod as sacrifice, we have easily chosen you." When he had finished his words Zeus threw down his master bolt hit, the center of the room and causing a blinding flash. When Percy was able to open his eyes again he was greeted by a gaping hole. It's darkness seemed eternal, but Percy knew it ended… and where it ended. Deciding that if he was going to go it was going to be his way Percy stepped up to the edge of the pit. With one last look around the room Percy spoke his final words. "I didn't do it. I have worked too hard for too long to destroy what I helped create. I hope you guys are proud of what you've done." With one last, longing look at Annabeth he jumped. ~KOTP~ 'How long have I been falling? It feels like it's been an eternity… unfortunately I doubt it's been more than a few hours. Bet the gods are all smug that they've "done the right thing" and I bet Annabeth's gone home, probably getting rid of all my stuff.' These were the surprisingly calm thoughts of a boy doomed to an eternity in a place worse than hell. Yes, eternity, Percy and the rest of the seven had decided to accept the gods offer of immortality, golden ichor no ran through their veins. 'And here I was thinking eternity was going to be with my Wise-' he mentally cut himself off, 'with Annabeth.' The last time Percy descended into Tartarus it was to save Annabeth, now she had basically in. It hurt, it hurt deep. But Percy was brought out of his musings by the eerie green glow that signified that he was nearing Tartarus. That genuinely surprised him; it meant that it had already been nearly nine days since he jumped into the pit. "Here we go.' Bracing himself for impact Percy