Disclaimer (for fanfiction): All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: A huge shout out goes to RitaChaCha. Coincidentally we have a similar theory about Embry. She read this story a while ago, and encouraged me to post it here. Thank you so much Rita for your support and encouragement. Also a HUGE thanks goes to my friends on Tricky Raven and Better in Texas Fiction. I don't know where I'd be as a writer without them. Pre-Readers: MargotTenser and Gruesomelies Pre-Reader/Beta: Bran Beta: Khyharah "Leah, are you all right?" Embry asked, concerned for his wife. Sweat poured down her face. Embry knew Sue took care of her, but still he worried. Her belly protruded out as she pushed. "What do you think?" Leah seethed. Embry winced at her tone. He found it really difficult to know exactly what to do. Helpless, he watched his wife writhe in pain. "Come on, baby," Sue whispered. "They're coming." Embry's heart leapt when he heard a wail. Soon he found himself holding his first son. Then came another, and finally his beautiful daughter. Their babies' birth happened right as the sun rose. "Leah," Embry whispered to her. "We did it." He kissed her, watching her beam as tears ran down her face. Sue gave him another bundle and he held both of his sons tightly. He gazed at his wife who cradled their daughter. Neither of them ever thought it would be possible to have a child naturally, let alone three. It seemed like a dream. If it was, Embry never wanted to wake up from it. He perched himself on the edge of the bed staring at his family in awe. His body leaned against Leah trying to get his family as close together as possible. He felt as if a gust of air came into his body. He gazed at Leah and felt a pull towards her. A jolt caught them both by surprise. They felt their bond strengthen ten-fold. A cloud of happiness swallowed them up. Power surged through their bodies. Embry and Leah stared at each other. Something changed. -00000000000- Jacob waited downstairs in the living room thinking of Nessie. She changed into a young woman. Beautiful and bright. Although a romantic formation had not been made between the two of them, his world centered around her. His world centered towards her. He would sacrifice everything for her. Everything. The sound of the baby's wail pierced in his ears. A blinding pain fell over him as if several pins were pricking his brain. Gravity shifted, but unlike the time he imprinted on Ness, he lost balance. Falling on this his knees, he put his hands over his face. The cries of the triplets rang loudly in his ears. He rocked back and forth. When Jacob opened his eyes, a haze lifted. The blinders on his life disappeared. The thought of marrying Bella's daughter in the future, suddenly made him sick to his stomach. -00000000000- Quil dreamt of Claire as he slept. All of his thoughts always landed on her. Her image was etched in his mind. The warmth of the sun made him get up suddenly. The light of his phone flashed. He picked it up. A text message from Colin flashed. "Come on, I know you're supposed to spend the day with Claire. But can't you reschedule? The game isn't for another four weeks. It's the Seattle Seahawks we're talking about. Come on! I need a ride." He already told Colin no a few times before. Suddenly, the sun became more intense. Quil shook. His brain wracked in pain, as if sandpaper was scraping the imprinted image of Claire from his mind. He took a deep breath. For fear of the imprint taking over again, he quickly did something he wanted to do for a change. His thick fingers typed quickly. "Yes, Colin, save that ticket!" -00000000000- Jared ran around the perimeter of the forest. The freedom of patrol riveted him. He loved the fresh air, the feel of his paws digging into the dirt. The pull of the imprint told him he had to go home to Kim. But he didn't want to. Inside, he fought it, hard. Never attracted to Kim, he didn't want to be with her. Yet, he couldn't breathe without her. The air came back into his lungs at full force. The imprint ties broke and Jared jerked back in surprise. The impossible had occurred; he was free! His wolf howled in glee as he pranced around. As the sun rose higher, he decided not to go back home after all. -00000000000- Paul sat by the bedside watching the love of his life sleep. Beautiful, Rachel's glossy hair spread around her. Paul sighed, shaking his head. Rachel had given up so much for him. She wanted to reject the imprint, but she knew he needed her. The empathy she had towards him stemmed from his abusive childhood. His teenage years centered upon drugs and women. He knew it would only be a matter time before his past caught up to him. She deserved so much better in life. Before the imprint, she had plans to get her Masters in English, perhaps go into journalism. Everyone thought she wanted to move away from LaPush because of the painful memories of her mother's death. Paul knew better. Ambitions and dreams filled Rachel. She gave it all up for him. The sun rose and Paul felt his heart constrict. The chains of the imprint shattered in a million pieces. He put his hands on his face as tears fell down. Now he had no excuse to hold onto her. He had to make the best decision for her sake. He had to let her go. -00000000000- Sam stood alone on the patio waiting for the sun to rise. He needed to get away from Emily for a moment. His mind went back to Leah. She might have already given birth to her children by now. Children he did not sire, but could still hold some of his blood. Sam suspected that Embry might be his half-brother, though his parentage might remain a mystery forever. Embry's biological father could be Quil IV, Billy or his own father, Joshua. Ever since Embry married Leah though, he seemed much more at peace with himself. He no longer cared who fathered him. His love for his family anchored him. Sam still feared Embry would imprint and leave Leah alone once again. As the sun rose, Sam's insides burned. Sweat poured down his face as he trembled and shook. He held onto the railing as his legs gave way. He tore part of it off as he fell down hard onto the patio floor, thrashing wildly. "Sam?" Emily asked confused. Sam finally calmed down long enough to look upon her. Shocked, he stared at her stunned. A stranger stood before him. His feelings for her disappeared. -00000000000- Leah winced in pain as she walked down the stairs. Even though she possessed supernatural healing, she still ached from giving birth merely twenty four hours before. Happiness filled her. The risk of marrying Embry paid off. At first she feared him imprinting, but he persistently convinced her otherwise. Now, she held no doubt. It all worked out in the end. Sam had Emily and she had Embry. She and Sam would have gotten along. Embry, however, balanced her. She could tell him anything and not fear he would run. He brought out the best in her, and she loved him deeply. "Are you sure you want to join us?" Embry asked her worriedly. "Of course." She grabbed his hand. "Billy called a serious pack meeting at our house. Do you think the imprints really broke?" "If they did, I really don't know why it has anything to do with us." Embry put his arm around her. "I don't get why Billy insisted we be here. I'd rather be in bed with you, holding our newborns." "They're asleep," Leah laughed. "You'd only be in bed with me." "You won't hear me complaining," Embry chortled. The pack already gathered in the crowded living room. Quil looked happy, dressed head to toe in "Seahawks" blue. Leah noted that Jared seemed relieved as he slumped on the couch. Jacob smiled brightly at her. Sam, however, observed her closely as he leaned against the wall. Paul stared listlessly at the floor. "So," she broke the silence. "We're all here, what's all this about Billy?" Billy wheeled into the center of the living room. "As you are aware, the imprints have broken." "Do you know why?" Sam asked. "I thought imprinting involved creating the strongest wolves. But none of us have children." He glanced over at Leah, his expression dark. "Except for Leah and Embry, but they aren't imprinted." "That was only one theory," Billy reminded him. "There is another one. This one seems like the right one." "What is it, Dad?" Jacob asked curiously. "Imprinting is a way to give the strongest wolves. Who is stronger than the Alpha female?" Leah stood stunned, leaning on a trembling Embry. "What are you saying, Billy?" she asked, her eyes wide. "You're the alpha female, Leah." Billy's voice shook. "But what about Embry?" Sam asked suddenly. Billy paused for a long time. He cleared his throat a few times. Leah noticed that he kept his eyes away from both Embry and Jacob. He fidgeted with his hands. Leah gripped onto her husband's hand. She knew the answer before Billy said it. "The Alpha female is for the Alpha male. Once they mate and produce offspring there is no need for the imprint. In the wild sometimes the subordinates would mate if the Alpha female couldn't, but now there is no reason for that to happen. Also I think a part of it is to prevent a challenge to mate with the Alpha female or for wolves to go off on their own, it's to keep the peace. Now the next generation is secure, the imprint has broken." The whole Pack responded at once. Leah kept her focus on Embry whose face contorted with all sorts of emotion. For so long, he existed as an outsider. He wanted to belong somewhere, hence his desire to find his father. Ironically, now with Leah by his side, he no longer cared about his parentage. Leah followed his gaze towards the other pack members, his eyes finally settled on Jake. "Dad," Jacob croaked. Leah could see tears form in Jacob's eyes. He shook, his head in his hands. His father betrayed his mother and fathered another child. She could not imagine what either of them felt at that moment. She also didn't understand how Billy could have had an indiscretion. He loved Sarah so much. What led to the affair? How long did it last? Leah suddenly wondered at the nature of his relationship with Tiffany now. "I'm sorry." Billy confirmed, his own tears falling. "But Embry is the Alpha and my son." Silence eerily filled the room. Not even a breath could be heard. Tears seeped through Jacob's hands, as he rocked back and forth on the couch. Quil's happy demeanor disappeared as he put his hand on Jacob's back in comfort. The way Jared stared at the ceiling made Leah wonder if Jared asked the powers above for direction. She glanced over at Paul, his face stoic as his fists clenched by his side. Sam stared at her and she met him in the eye. She knew his thoughts: Embry lived Sam's life. Untrue thoughts, but she knew them well because she held the same beliefs when Sam first imprinted on Emily. Back then, she swore Emily lived her life. She knew eventually Sam