And the only solution was to stand and fight. And my body was bruised and I was set alight. But you came over me like some holy rite. And although I was burning, you're the only light. Only if for a night. - "Only If For A Night," Florence and the Machine. Johanna had spent the last two weeks as Katniss's roommate in their compartment in 13. After three full years of living alone it was difficult to adjust to sharing a living space again, never mind a living space with another victor. Their nights when they sleep, if they sleep, are so plagued with nightmares every morning seems a miracle that either of them can move. She'd woken up enough times in her plush cabin in 7 dripping in sweat, "Mom" and "Dad" a ghost on her lips, only to find herself alone. It was one of the many reasons she began sleeping around - to not be alone in the dark hours of early morning. Johanna would never admit it, but she liked Katniss's company. Katniss thought it would be harder to live so closely with Johanna, like the old tale of the boy stuck on the boat with the tiger. Whether it was because of Johanna's attitude or Katniss's own conditioning she had assumed the living situation would be rife with tension. It wasn't. Johanna was herself - caustic and rude - but she was also oddly encouraging and near comforting at times. They didn't talk about Peeta or Snow. Johanna didn't talk about her torture or the Games. They touched on safe topics: training, propos, the terrible food, the wedding of Finnick and Annie. Rapport with her was easy, easier than it had ever been between them. Allies Katniss had thought. They were finally actually allies. They were almost friends. They were friends. A new development was the feeling of Johanna's warm and bony form curled into her body at night. The first time she had woken up in a panic and swatted Johanna away violently. But Johanna was calm and held her hands down to the bed. It was a far cry from the soft, strong embrace of Peeta on the train which was meant to protect. Johanna had straddled her thigh and held her hands down against the pillow. Johanna's eyes were black as coal in the darkness, her voice soft and high as she leaned into her ear. " It's just me brainless. Relax ." Somehow that was relaxing. Johanna's arms, becoming fuller and stronger by the day, would wrap around her stomach and hold her tightly. Like many things between them, it was unspoken. Johanna still teased her at lunch and made light of her torture that made Katniss's stomach twinge. No matter how hard training went and how close to breaking down Johanna looked, they'd settle into Katniss's bed at night and hold each other through nightmares. It felt so different from Peeta and yet, still made her feel safe. Johanna had nightmares too but Katniss learned quickly that Johanna didn't want to be reassured when she awoke. One time she had tried and Johanna had swore at her and left the bed. " I don't need your fucking pity ." She wasn't used to having someone near so the thought of someone's arms or voice being consoling did not mollify her. Katniss had gotten into the habit of just whispering complete nonsense into Johanna's ear or humming an old tune from home. Both made Johanna's breathing finally even out and eventually drift back into sleep. One night Katniss's dreams were harsher than normal. The violence was more heightened. They had been steadily getting worse despite Johanna's near constant cuddling and she felt guilty for keeping Johanna awake each night, though the raven-haired girl never once complained. Instead she just became better at calming her down faster. One of the unfortunate ironies of the arena: sleep is hard to come by but falling asleep anywhere becomes a readily available skill. It only takes Johanna a few minutes to bring Katniss out of her hazy world of nightmares and back to reality, and then only about thirty seconds to fall back asleep. She awoke with a shake that made Johanna grip her tighter. Her breathing came out in short gasps as Johanna whispered in her ear, her voice rising until she was speaking out loud. "Hey, hey, it's me, it's okay. Nobody is gonna hurt you." Katniss rolled onto her back and looked up at Johanna with confused gray eyes. "Nobody can hurt you or your sister or Peeta or anyone, okay? Just relax." Johanna propped herself up on her elbow and looked down at Katniss. "They're getting worse," Johanna whispered, moving hair from Katniss's face. These intimate gestures would have been unheard of only a few weeks ago, now they were commonplace. "I'm sorry." Johanna sighed and nodded her head. "It's because you're stressed. My head doctor isn't right about much but he tells me that I should do things that relieve my stress. Keep my mind off, at least for a while, the fucked up shit that's going on." Johanna looked into the darkness of the room and scoffed. "Like fuck, you've just been through two Games in two years. Your entire district has been leveled by bombs. Your boyfriend -" "He's not my boyfriend." Johanna continued, unperturbed. "- is tortured in the Capitol because of you. And now they expect you to play dress up and lead a rebellion?" Katniss smiled at Johanna's irateness at her situation. "It's just too fucking much." Katniss breathed out a long sigh and focused her eyes on Johanna. Her short hair formed messy, soft, curled peaks all over her head. Stripped of her abrasive attitude she looked younger, softer, more accessible. Her brown eyes, when lacking their normal narrowed suspicion of everyone, were actually quite earnest. "What does he suggest for you?" Johanna shrugged her bony shoulders and averted her eyes to the thin standard issue blanket that draped over them both. "Everyone is different. I mean I..." Katniss raised her eyebrow. She had rarely if ever seen Johanna look nervous. She could almost see the gears churning in her mind. "I'm gonna do something and if you want me to stop you just say so. Okay?" Katniss knitted her eyebrows in confusion as she watched different emotions play across Johanna's face. Her teeth tugged her bottom lip briefly before her tongue emerged to swab along both of her thin lips. With a gentleness Katniss had never seen Johanna use she leaned down and pressed their lips together. Katniss's eyes flew open at the unexpected contact, staring at Johanna's closed eyelids that were squeezed shut in pure concentration like the way Johanna tackled running in the rain. Her lips moved very slowly against Katniss's immobile ones, pressing with a quiet need. Katniss didn't know how to identify her emotions but something felt familiar. That same warm hunger that had settled in her stomach on the beach in the Quell with Peeta's lips on hers. After a few seconds Johanna pulled away and her eyes blinked open, seeing how wide Katniss's eyes were. Katniss was too stunned to speak as she watched unfamiliar insecurity flood Johanna's forest brown eyes. Vulnerability wasn't something Johanna ever seemed to advertise about herself but it was as clear as water as Katniss looked up at her. Her desire was to erase that look from Johanna's eyes. Someone who carried herself with the strength of the oak trees from which she came didn't deserve to look so broken. Why was she so attracted to pain ? She reached up and pushed her fingers along the line of Johanna's jaw, smiling as Johanna leaned into the contact. Now this, this Johanna was completely new. This soft girl with insecurity in her eyes. "Johanna..." It wasn't a warning. She was breathing out her name to try and make this moment feel more real. This was how Johanna was going to relax her. The thought of her and her hands and her lips on her body didn't seem like it was going to be relaxing; quite the opposite, Katniss felt like it was going to stimulate her every nerve. "You don't have to do anything," Johanna explained in a soft tone, brushing hair from Katniss's face again. There was a tenderness to her that Katniss had never seen - far removed from the girl who had threatened to "rip her throat out" on the beach in the arena. "We don't have to do anything. I just think that maybe... maybe this could help." Katniss was nervous. She had never done anything anywhere near this with anyone, let alone another woman. It was comforting to see that Johanna was nervous, too. Probably not due to lack of experience but something else entirely. Katniss wasn't sure what, and she wasn't going to ask. One thing she had learned with Johanna was sometimes less words worked better. Johanna responded to action. She pulled her down in a kiss that made the older girl draw a sharp breath. But it didn't take her long to respond hungrily, kissing Katniss as though she was trying to pull Katniss's very soul from within her. Johanna's hands ran through her hair as she slowly dragged her tongue along Katniss's bottom lip, requesting permission. Katniss opened her mouth and tasted the hint of mint on Johanna's tongue as it gently massaged her own. Her only other kisses - Gale and Peeta - they had been small flames that flared up with intensity then quieted down immediately. Johanna's were different, as if every movement toward her was trying to tell her something. That she desired her, that she wanted her, that she was safe in her arms. It was meaningful and slow. And she was good . Not that Katniss had a whole lot to compare it to but there was just enough tongue and just enough air between them and it felt wonderful and right and frightening . That familiar stirring in her stomach began as she wrapped one hand around the back of Johanna's neck and the other curled around her bicep. Johanna moved so she was laying on top of Katniss, held up by her arms. Johanna tried to keep her breathing even and steady but the overwhelming desire threatened to crash on her senses. This wasn't about getting something she had dreamed of; though she had dreamt of this moment an embarrassingly large amount of times. This was about helping Katniss in the only way she knew how. She couldn't speak pretty words like Peeta, or use the familiar comfort of home that Gale provided. She could only try and relieve her tension physically. Her hand moved slowly up Katniss's shirt, feeling the younger girl writhe and flex beneath her light touches. She smiled into the kiss as her hand hit the soft roundness of the bottom of Katniss's breast. Her eyes flicked open and pulled away only a hair's breadth from Katniss to silently seek permission. Katniss pushed their lips back together and wriggled to try and get Johanna's hand to move further. Katniss became aware of nothing but how she felt physically. The sweat beginning on her face and neck, the smoothness of Johanna's skin beneath her fingertips, the rapid beating of her heart, the pulling sensation between her thighs, the slickness of Johanna's tongue running down her neck. In her delirious state she had barely noticed Johanna unbutton her shirt until the older girl grunted in an attempt to get her to sit up so she could remove it. Johanna's knees dug into the sides of the bed as Katniss sat up and kissed her harder as her shirt was tugged off. Their eyes locked just for a moment, and Johanna felt her heart clench so hard she nearly lost her breath. The gray eyes she had seen alert with fear, sleepy from fatigue,