I've always loved getting clean. I love baths. I love showers. I haven't felt at home too many places but in the bathtub, I always am. It's my happy place. It was my happy place. The water in this shower has a mildew smell to it and there are legions of bacteria clinging to the pink walls. The temperature is somewhere just below my natural body heat and never gets much warmer than a room temperature soda. The flimsy shower curtain behind me whips back and I whirl around to see who would've invaded my happy time. As happy as I can get these days, anyway. I meet the disinterested gaze of a black woman, her burning brown eyes boring into mine. "O-oh I'll be out in a sec," I say as I turn off the water. I grab my towel from the hook next to me and wrap it around my body. "There best be some hot water left," the woman barks, eyeing me up and down with an unimpressed expression. I nod my head and side-step out of the small cubicle in which we shower. The woman curls her fingers around my towel and pulls it away from my body. Her lower lip protrudes. "You got nice titties, I'll give you that." I blush even though this is a grave invasion of my privacy. Privacy is something I'm no longer afforded. "Um, thank you." "You got them TV titties. They stand up on their own, all perky and everything." She giggles at me. I think she's about ten or fifteen years my senior, in her thirties or near forty. Too old to be giggling but I'm not about to tell her since she's got about thirty or forty pounds on me. "Okay," I respond evenly. These women have been in prison longer than I have. They are used to this massive invasion of privacy, this daily ritual of nakedness and intimidation. I'm not. I don't think I ever will be. Even when I was living in the real world, the outside world, I loved having my privacy. I had blackout curtains on my windows, I kept to myself and didn't have a lot of friends. I tolerated nights out in bars or in fancy hotels but I was much more comfortable in the woods with my brother Gale or at home reading a book. "Now get the fuck out the way!" she yells at me annoyedly, hands gesticulating wildly. I move out of the way of the shower and she turns on the water and begins singing some old 60's tune that makes the pit of my stomach burble. That was one of her favorite songs. I was born by the river, in a little tent. Oh and just like the river I've been runnin' ever since. It's been a long, long time comin' but I know a change gon' come. Four Weeks Before Day One "Is this for real?" That's how he phrases it to me once he finishes reading the papers the federal agents delivered to our cozy brownstone in Brooklyn, New York. That's what he thinks of me. He thinks so highly of me that he's sure this must be a joke. Peeta grips the papers in his hand - the papers that tell everyone I was part of an international drug smuggling ring - and is just bewildered. "How did I not know about this?" I shake my head like I don't know. But I do. I didn't want to tell him. I didn't want anyone to know about my years with her. I wanted to erase her and everything she was and everything she made me from my memory and start over. Start clean. "I'm sorry," I reply, unable to look him in the eyes. "I told you everything about me. The webcam horror. The thing with my brothers and their dicks." He ruffles his blond hair and paces to and fro in our living room. He's right, of course. We've always been honest with each other in the two years we've been dating. Except that I kept three years of my life a giant secret. "What was I supposed to say?" I ask, looking up at him. "It was my lost soul after-college time. I was so embarrassed about everything after." I don't want to explain it to him because I'm actually more angry than embarrassed or sad at this point. I can't believe she betrayed me. Even after all these years, I can't believe she would do this to me. To other people, sure, but not to me. "I can't believe she did this." His eyes widen. "I can't believe you did this! I mean, smuggling drugs over international borders?" "I didn't smuggle drugs," I contest hotly. He's unimpressed. "I smuggled drug money ." He wouldn't know, but there's a big fucking difference there. She made sure that if I was involved, it was never with the actual drugs. She didn't like to touch them herself, either. It was her fucked up way of protecting me, I guess. "I feel like I'm in a Bourne movie. Have you killed ?" he asks, but I can tell he's joking. There's a small lift of the corner of his mouth. He stops pacing and comes to sit next to me. I scan over the papers in his hand. My name is plastered everywhere on this official looking indictment. Her name isn't even on here though she must've been the one who named me. I didn't make any friends with her drug-smuggling cohorts. I wasn't there for them. I was there for her. It makes my heart palpitate inside my chest to see the reality of the charges against me. I don't like to be in trouble. "Witness states, Katniss Everdeen carried drug money. Katniss Everdeen was part of the ring," I recite off the paper glumly. "Were you?" Peeta inquires genuinely, looking over at me. He wraps his arm over my shoulder and I nod, leaning into his embrace. "I was 22!" I protest, as if my age gives me the right to do what I want. I was just out of college, fresh-faced and looking for adventure. I found it. That, and much, much more. "I was in love. It was crazy and - and for a while, fun. Then it got scary and I ran away. I became the nice young girl from the good home that I was supposed to be." Anger bubbles up inside me. All the times she said she loved me, she was lying. No one who loves someone could put them through this. " Fuck her . I can't fucking believe this." There's a lot of silence as Peeta digests this information. I never told him about her , about my past. Now he's learning that I'm a bisexual criminal who smuggled drug money for my girlfriend who ran an international drug cartel that spanned the entire globe. And he's learning that I enjoyed it. Part of it, at least. The unassuming girl he met two years ago is an entirely different animal. "It's not okay," he begins, looking down at the paper. "But we'll get through this, okay?" He's always so calm, so even, that I want to shake him. Be mad at me! I think. But he's sailed right past anger to acceptance. We are going to get through this, but it's going to take a while. "You should break up with me," I advise. "You didn't sign up for all this crazy." Peeta smiles genially and kisses me on the temple. "I signed up for everything, Katniss." Two Weeks Before Day One My mother's mouth is hanging open. Gale looks smug, but not as a brother normally would. I was always the model child and Gale the outsider. I did well in school, kept to myself, graduated college. Gale took off out of high school and disappeared for a while into the woods. When I left to travel the globe with her he came back home, met up with my best friend Madge, and they got married a year later. He invested the money we got from my father's inheritance in a start-up company and now has more money than he knows what to do with. He's smug because he knew. Madge I told, but Gale discovered it. Aside from that, we've always been close and he's always known me very well. "So, I never carried drugs. Just money." I want to make that clear but just like Peeta, nobody seems to get it. Carrying money is a far lesser offense than carrying drugs. "You were a lesbian ?" my mother asks, bewildered. Out of all the information she just processed, that's what she can't wrap her mind around. "I ...was?" I respond, and Peeta puts his hand on my knee. I'm glad he's here. There's a steadiness that Peeta brings to everything that I need wholeheartedly right now. "I'm bisexual, if you feel the need for labels. I was with a woman, yes, and now I'm with Peeta." My mother's eyes, bright blue like my little sister Prim's, move to Peeta. "You knew about this?" My mother took to Peeta right away. I think after I disappeared for a while she thought I'd never settle down, never give her the grandchildren she so desired. Madge is pregnant now, though, so luckily that moves the burden off Peeta and I. Prim is only 17 still. As I look at her, she seems unaffected by this information. There's sympathy in her eyes, too. Gale and I are much closer in age, but Prim and I are close emotionally. Though I do feel guilt for basically having stepped out of her life for the years I was with her . Peeta shakes his head. "No, I-I didn't. I knew she traveled after college but I didn't know about the girlfriend or the international drug smuggling ring. Imagine my surprise." My mother brings her gaze back to me. "What on Earth did you do with the money?" Again, another bizarre question. Like I would take the money for myself. I barely saw the money. She paid for everything. She took care of everything, including me. When I did it, I didn't even know what I was taking. "Well, mother, I wasn't really in it for the money," I explain. Gale chuckles and my mother leans back into her couch, placing her hand over her forehead. Peeta's arm wraps around my back and brings me in against him. Prim eyes me sympathetically. I wasn't. It was never about the money. It wasn't even about the traveling, after a while. It was always just about her . The Day Before Day One ... Madge took to pregnancy really well. There's that saying that pregnant women have a glow about them but in my experience, most pregnant women look miserable. They look like friends who are carrying moving boxes for someone else. But not Madge. Her hair, a golden cornsilk color, is even shinier than usual in her two cute little plaits. The bar we're in is too loud for our tastes but her husband Gale and my fiancé, Peeta, thought we should have a going away party for me. Like I'm moving towns or something, instead of going to women's prison for over a year. "I can't believe you're going to jail," she laments, taking a sip of her seltzer and peering over the bubbly beverage at me. Madge was the more adventurous of the two of us growing up, but when she settled down, I uprooted. We've always complemented each other that way. "Prison," I correct automatically, "not jail." That statement - I can't believe you're going to jail - has been repeated to me about 3,000 times in the last few weeks. From the moment the cops came to tell me I was named in the indictment, life became a blur. Telling my widowed mother, my