"Where'd you get the bread?" Johanna looked over at Katniss who was busy pulling apart even chunks of the large, fresh loaf of bread in her hands and didn't respond. Johanna looked to Gale, who shrugged. "Probably Sae," he offered. Katniss handed them each a piece of bread and a slice of the goat cheese Prim had provided them. Gale began spreading the cheese with his short hunting knife, handing it to Johanna to do the same. This had been their reaping ritual for three years now; go out into their woods, collect some berries and whatever food they could, and spend the day on the rock that overlooked the rest of the meadow. "It was Mayor Undersee, actually," Katniss corrected as she shoved a piece of the warm bread in her mouth. "I went to give Madge a bit of Prim's goat's cheese and she gave me a pin to wear to the reaping and he gave me this bread." Gale rolled his eyes and moved to get up, chewing the last of his piece of bread. His abrupt gesture made both the girls look up at him as he gathered his things. It was no secret that Gale wasn't a fan of anyone not from the Seam, but on the reaping day his feelings were more raw than usual. "I'll see you guys at the reaping. I've got to get the kids ready." Johanna and Katniss watched him go and Johanna scooted over to sit closer to her friend as they watched the sun high up in the sky. Johanna had a large bag of game on her side as she was going to the Hob before the reaping to secure something for her younger brother. "I think it's nice that you and Madge are friends," Johanna said as she took another bite of her bread. Katniss produced some berries from her side and popped one in her mouth, offering her palm to Johanna. "Thanks." "I mean, once you marry her father it'll be nice for you guys to already be close since you'll be her new mom." Katniss gave Johanna a dangerous look as she placed the berries back down into the small bowl she had brought them in. Johanna knew that glint; she was in trouble. Might as well go for broke. "It'll make the family transition much easier. I don't think she'll call you mom, though." Katniss moved swiftly and tackled Johanna, pushing her back into the grass behind the rock they were sitting on. Johanna chuckled as the other girl straddled her waist and reached back to grab the berries. "I hate you." Johanna smirked. "No you don't, Kitten." Katniss glared at the term of address; she had always hated Johanna's nickname for her. Gale called her Catnip and Johanna called her Kitty Kat when she was feeling particularly playful, and Kitten when she wanted to get underneath her skin. Katniss poised a berry above Johanna's head and Johanna nodded in understanding. "May the odds -" Katniss began. She dropped the berry into Johanna's mouth and she caught it between her teeth and winked. "-Be ever in your favor." Johanna propped herself up and Katniss sat back on her calves. In spite of their joking, there was an undercurrent of sadness. Between the two of them they probably had about seventy reaping bowl entries - add Gale and they had over a hundred. Each year they three got dangerously close to being separated. "We could do it you know." Katniss tilted her head to the side in confusion. "Do what?" "Escape. Live out in the woods. Leave this hell hole." Katniss looked beyond Johanna toward the fence behind them. They probably could do it, she thought to herself. "If it weren't for the kids." Katniss nodded. Johanna looked down at their bodies, connected at the pelvis as Katniss shifted her weight to get more comfortable. Their fathers perishing in the mine explosion had brought the three of them together for the first time. Katniss and Johanna had been trying to hunt for feed their families when they happened upon Gale in the woods. They became a team, a trio, each of them using their skills to bring home as much game as possible. Gale and his snares (and his bow), Katniss and her bow, Johanna and her axe. She was decent with a bow but nowhere near as good as Gale or Katniss. But she could hit the head off a bird mid-air with a hatchet. Until Johanna's mother died. Johanna and her three siblings were forced to move into the community home and she didn't see as much of Gale and Katniss as they saw of each other. It was hard to get away from the wardens in the home, especially knowing she'd leave her brother and two sisters at their mercy while she hunted. Still, she and Katniss made an effort to see each other and Johanna met she and Gale in the woods every Sunday. They had always been close, but in the last two years, Johanna found herself getting irrationally jealous of the time Gale spent with Katniss without her. Even if Katniss was oblivious, it was painfully obvious to Johanna that Gale had feelings for the brunette. He still dated casually here and there, kissing behind the slag heap, but his heart was clearly with Katniss. In the rare moments Johanna was completely honest with herself, it was Katniss's beautiful gray eyes like the early morning fog and her wry smile that drew her in and kept her there. However with three little ones to look after there was no time to go chasing fog. Even now, on the day of the reaping that could spell death for any of them, she found herself struggling to control her libido as Katniss's body pressed warmly above her own. "It's Prim's first year." Johanna sobered quickly and looked into Katniss's eyes. "Katniss, she won't get reaped. It's her first year and she has one entry." Prim was just one year older than Johanna's little brother John, twelve and fresh to the reaping this year. "The odds are against her, fortunately enough." Katniss seemed slightly mollified by this. But the open meadow seemed to get farther and farther away as they sat together and wasted away the precious hours they had left together. The day of the reapings were probably the most significant for each district in terms of coloring their individual personalities. Johanna remembered watching the television in the square as the kids in 1 all clamored to volunteer, nearly tearing each others throats out to get up to that podium. The wasted looking children in 6 with their hollow eyes and gaunt cheeks. The sturdy looking kids from 7 who would nearly every year end up looking like a tree in the tribute parade. And then there they were in 12: dressed in overalls and miner's caps in the parade and looking like a sad flotilla of poverty at the reaping. Johanna knew that every year her chances of being reaped were greater and greater. Being one of the many kids in the community home meant taking out extra tesserae every year. By seventeen, she figured her name was in there thirty-seven times. It was only one of many days she would wonder how her life would be different had her father not been killed in that mine explosion. Surely they would have needed tesserae, too. Her two little sisters and little brother needed food. The oldest was too young to be reaped yet anyway, so Johanna would've bore the burden then just as she did now. No use wondering the "ifs" anyway; ifs don't put food on the table or clothes on their backs. At the Hob she managed to pull off the greatest trade she'd ever done: three squirrels, a turkey, and a large sack of medicinal herbs for a small hatchet and a bow and quiver. Weapons were strictly forbidden unless carried by a Peacekeeper, but Johanna knew her days as the hunting member of her small pack were coming to an end. In case she got reaped next year one of the little ones needed to learn how to hunt. The bow and quiver were pretty tame, small. Nothing like what the real black market hunters had, but it'd do. Quickly Johanna made her way back to the home, bustling through the kids in their hand-me-down dresses and dress shirts and pants toward the cots where she and her family slept. They were still in various states of undress as Johanna plunged the weapons into a bag and shoved it far beneath her bed. John waited impatiently as his little sister Celadine straightened the buttons on his shirt. The littlest one, Aurelia, sat on the bed, playing with the soft cotton dolls Johanna had traded nearly a pound of grain to acquire. They won't be roped in like cattle for the reaping, but they will be required to stand off-sides with the other orphan kids, watching the solemn events unfold. "'Hanna what did you put under the bed?" Aurelia asked loudly in her high-pitched voice, bouncing blonde curls framing her angelic face. Johanna could remember vividly the day she was born: a humid, warm spring day with the most beautiful sun's rays coming through the clouds. That, coupled with her sprouts of blonde hair like their mother's got her the name, meaning gold. "Nothing Aurey." Accustomed to be being brushed off, she nodded and continued stroking the hair of the doll in her tiny hands. Johanna grabbed her brother by the shoulder and directed him to a far corner. There was no privacy in this giant room, but the corner was less densely populated than the rest of the home. Most of the kids were making their way to the reaping anyhow. "John, listen." Johanna stared into his matching set of wide brown eyes as they filled with a sense of foreboding. At only eleven he had the marks of a young man: a sturdy jaw, large hands, a stern look on his face. He looked so much like their father it sent a pain through her heart to see him becoming a man. "Johanna, I know the routine. Could be this year, could be next, gotta be prepared." He smiled patiently at her. "I understand." Johanna rolled her eyes at him, ruffling his unruly mop of black hair with her hand. "I know you know, little man. I'm telling you something else." Her eyes darted to the sides, her voice lowered to a whisper. "I left you a bow and set of arrows under the bed. I know daddy taught you the axe, but the bow is cleaner." John furrowed his brows, drumming his fingers on his thighs as he did when he was deep in thought. "Who's going to teach me if you get reaped?" Johanna smirked. He was always practical. "Katniss. The one with the pretty blonde sister you like." Johanna stuck her tongue in her cheek as John blushed a little. The triangle agreement to look after each other's siblings between the three of them remained in tact, even after Johanna's mother had... Well, after she and her siblings got put into the home as orphans. Though Johanna did somewhat considered herself lucky; Katniss's mother was a depressive and Gale's mother worked her fingers to the bone. Not that the community home was much better. The wardens and their steel hands had eyes everywhere, looking for any excuse to lay down a smacking. For Johanna those smackdowns came pretty frequently, especially with her being the eldest of all of them. Only a few other teenagers her age were there, and none with her big mouth. She couldn't imagine Katniss there, or little Primrose or Posy. "If I get reaped, look for her after and tell her that she's to teach you how to hunt. Understood?" John nodded and Johanna smiled, straightening her