There was little to celebrate in 13. Their lives were drab, the surroundings were drab, the people were drab. Johanna had been stifling underneath the yoke of structure since landing on her back in the hospital after being rescued from the Capitol. The only, very brief, highlights of her day were the times she got to use an axe in training (she hated the guns) and the small time she spent with Finnick. A very close third, though, was antagonizing her new roommate, the unflappable Katniss Everdeen. She had so gallantly offered to be Johanna's roommate in a move that while helpful, made Johanna feel like she was in Katniss's debt. Which was a ridiculous thought considering what she had been through to protect Katniss in the Quell. So in an effort to even out the score, Johanna took to antagonizing Katniss at almost every chance she got. So as she stood in their room now, watching the heat rise in Katniss's cheeks, she couldn't help but grin. "Some leader of the rebellion. Can't even get undressed in the same room with another girl." Katniss scoffed and ran her fingers through her hair angrily. "Not everyone likes to strut around naked." "It's called asserting your dominance . You should try it sometime. Sometime when you're not too busy milking this 'I'm too young and innocent and all I want is to save my boyfriend' thing." Katniss balled her fists at her side and Johanna tilted her head. "What, like I'm wrong? You've barely laid a finger down for this rebellion and everyone is busy lining up to shine your shoes. It's appalling." "I didn't ask for this," Katniss contested hotly. "Too bad!" Johanna yelled, tossing her skinny arms in the air. "This is your life, whether you like it or not. People are looking to you to stick it to Snow. So you can do better than feeling sorry for yourself half the damn time." "You want to be the Mockingjay? They wouldn't have to feed you lines." "True but no one likes me. They like you. For reasons I cannot see." Katniss scowled at Johanna who merely smirked in response. They were far removed from the arena but it felt like only yesterday she stared into Johanna's distrustful brown eyes and had only taken her on as an ally because of Finnick. She hadn't known, then, that Johanna was on her side. Though most of the time it still felt like she wasn't. "Is that why you hate me?" she asked to Johanna's turned back. There was a pregnant pause before Johanna responded. "Partly," Johanna admitted without turning around. Her arms folded across her chest. "Jealousy is certainly involved." Jealousy ? That was new. There was nothing about Katniss she felt anyone would be jealous of. Not particularly pretty mutt-Peeta had said. Not a leader Coin had told her. Distrustful and kind of stupid Haymitch had said. Even Finnick, her only ally outside of Gale, whose world was falling apart with Annie in the Capitol, had thought she was weak. "Jealous of what?" Johanna turned around exasperated, similarly to how she had whipped around in the elevator, shooting Katniss a look of disdain. "Forget it, brainless." Going to Beetee's workshop was one of the things Katniss actually enjoyed about living in District 13. Before Peeta had been returned from the Capitol he seemed to be the only one that understood her confusion, her anger, her betrayal. Haymitch was supportive but the trust had been broken; all she had wanted was to see Peeta come back alive. He had promised. Instead she was rescued and Peeta and Johanna were captured and tortured. The latter girl had, despite agreeing to be her roommate and them helping each other in training, been trying to get on her nerves for weeks. It was as if she had made a sport out of embarrassing Katniss or trying to piss her off. She'd talk about her torture, about Peeta's screams, about how spoiled Katniss was by the Capitol at almost every turn. She had wanted to become friends with the girl but Johanna seemed singularly determined to keep her at a distance. So Beetee was a welcome respite from the constant nag of President Coin and Plutarch breathing down her neck. It was a safe place where she could try new bows and shoot with Gale. It was almost like home. It was time to give herself pause and get down to what she really was. Not some leader, not a Mockingjay, not a rebel; just a girl with a bow and arrow and a family to protect. Her stamp indicated that for a few hours after breakfast, and before her dreaded Mockingjay meeting, she'd be able to spend time with Beetee in the meadow. She was excited to finally have something to look forward to. She was less excited to find that her roommate was already there when she arrived. As Katniss opened the door to the makeshift meadow he had created she was greeted to Johanna and Beetee in a somewhat heated argument. Typical. "Johanna, I insist you give that back to me!" Beetee was rolling his wheelchair towards Johanna who was easily dodging him as she ran around with some metal contraption in her hand. She was holding it high above her head which was cruelly unnecessary since Beetee couldn't stand out of his chair to begin with. "Or what, Wheels? You'll roll me to death?" Johanna teased with her hand still high in the air. Gale was nowhere to be seen but he was often called for actual rebellion needs while Coin knew Katniss was only important until the rebellion was over. Johanna, on the other hand, was a boon to no one. She didn't care to throw her support behind Coin and she certainly hated the Capitol. Katniss so envied Johanna's ability to simply skim along life and not worry about offending anyone. The path there - the loss of her family, her friends, the destruction of her district, the prostitution - was not enviable, of course, but the fact that she did as she pleased was something Katniss wanted. Beetee looked at her sternly. "Johanna that is a very unstable, very dangerous piece of equipment." Even Beetee, in his infinite patience for Wiress and the slowness of others, was tiring of Johanna's abrasive attitude. Johanna clipped the metal in her hand and raised an eyebrow. "It looks like a can opener, Volts." "I assure you it is not a can opener. It is a highly sophisticated mechanism that should not be in the wrong hands." He looked toward Katniss, pleading in his eyes. Katniss looked over at Johanna who merely smirked. She could see the expression in her eyes: Go ahead, brainless. Try me . Katniss sighed and took a few steps toward her. "C'mon, Johanna. Give it back to Beetee. It's not an axe, why do you want it anyway?" Johanna shrugged. "Because he was so fucking insistent on keeping it away from me. Trying to shove it in a drawer when I got in here like he was looking at pictures of nude girls." Katniss barely hid a smirk and Beetee rolled his eyes and let out another very loud sigh. "And he won't tell me what it does." Katniss brought her gaze to Beetee warily. "What does it do?" He leveled his eyes at her from over the top of his glasses. "You don't want to find out. We don't even know if it works. The plan was to get some of those manufactured Capitol chimps in here and try it on them. There's no way it can be tried on humans yet." Johanna grinned at Katniss. "See? Doesn't that sound interesting?" Katniss went forward to try and take the contraption from Johanna who wrenched it out of her grip. "Oh come on, Mockingjay ." The way Johanna used that term, derisively, spitting it out like it was some kind of wretched curse word, irked Katniss more than it should. Most things about Johanna irked her more than they should. And for Johanna, it was always a joy to get a rise out of Katniss. This pampered girl with no idea of what the real world entailed who wore the burden of rebellion like a funeral shroud, Johanna loved getting under her skin. "Just put it down," Katniss said in a low growl, causing Johanna to pause in her dance to get away and raise her eyebrow. "Oh really? Or what? Or you'll shoot me with your bow and arrow? Tell Coin on me? Tell your mutt boyfriend to attack me?" Johanna knew she was getting Katniss's blood to boil as her usual stoic appearance showed signs of twitching anger. "Or tell your not-crazy boyfriend-cousin and get my lack of privileges taken away? Or maybe you'll just do it yourself?" Katniss lunged forward and grabbed Johanna's wrist that held the contraption. Johanna looked momentarily impressed before getting angry again. Beetee's shout of "no!" was unheard as the two women grappled for control of the metal piece in her hand. After a struggle ensued for a few moments their hands seemed to clasp together like a magnet. Johanna's eyes widened in concern as neither of them could get free. The contraption buzzed and pulsed between them, sending vibrations through their bones. A very small glowing blue light emitted from the steel between them before it shot outward and they were propelled a few feet on to their backs. Beetee rolled over to Katniss and peered down at her as she coughed. He went to placed his hand on her bicep to help her up and she wrenched away from him. "Don't fucking touch me." Beetee's eyes went wide as Katniss's eyes also enlarged about twice their size. She looked down at her body, then back up at Beetee. She scrambled back a few feet and hit a wall, using it to raise herself back on her feet. "Oh. Shit." On the other side of the room Beetee watched as Johanna got to her feet and wobbled unsteadily for a moment. Her mouth dropped open as she stared at Katniss. "What did you do?" "Me?" Katniss shrieked. " You came at me !" Beetee looked between them both and suddenly there was clarity in his eyes. And, because of his love of science, a hint of pride. "It worked." Katniss, or rather Johanna, shot him an angry look. It was interesting to see Johanna's anger in Katniss's gray eyes. "What worked? Volts I swear to fuck..." Beetee rolled his wheelchair over to the control panel and smacked a few buttons around. Soon a diagram of the steel piece they had used came up. Both girls approached the screen awkwardly, giving each other glances out of the corner of their eyes. He looked between them. "Well, it was ...an experimental device. You see, there's this theory that your soul, shall we say, is a physical thing. It's a tangible part of you, like your immune system or nervous system. There are ancient scriptures dating back thousands of years that talk of the soul as a physical part of the being. It exists on a quantum level. At least, in theory it does. And as evidenced by what I assume is a radical shift in personalities, the theory holds water." "In fucking English, Volts, or I will make you a quadriplegic." Beetee watched as Katniss, in Johanna's body, looked horrified at the words coming out of her mouth. Beetee took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes. "Essentially? You've switched bodies. Johanna," he looked at Katniss's body, "you are now in charge of Katniss's body. You look like her, sound like her. To everyone on the outside, you are her." He looked to Katniss in Johanna's body. "And you're Johanna." "But I'm still me," Katniss protested, hearing her voice come out high like Johanna's. "I feel like Katniss." "Well you