Katniss scowled to herself as she watched the rain pitter-patter against the sidewalk outside. She instantly longed to be out there, smelling the sweet scent that rain culls from the soil after a dry spell, instead of the pungent aroma of marinara sauce from inside the pizzeria. Fondly she remembered the forests of home, traversing them with her father. Rain was better, he'd say, it quieted the leaves so you could creep without detection. He'd often smile and say that's why God put the rain clouds in their eyes, because they were both natural born hunters who needed the rain. It was inside them. Now here she was, sitting alone in this pizzeria with her gray, perpetual rain cloud eyes, waiting on a man who was not going to show. Madge's "great idea" of setting her up on a blind date with some guy from the swim team had ended before it began, as she thought it would. She didn't even like pizza, she thought sourly as she glared at the red, white and green streamers everywhere. The waiter had come over an obscene amount of times and appeared to revel in Katniss being stood up with his smug grins. With a frustrated grunt she started to slide out of the booth when she heard a voice saying her name. Her fingers, two of which had been partially in her mouth from a nail-biting habit she hadn't been able to shake since childhood, whipped down to the table. "Katniss Everdeen?" Katniss looked up the length of the person's body until she got to her face. The girl was dressed in a pair of skintight dark wash blue jeans and a black blazer with a shimmering green top underneath. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail, a few wisps in the front dyed scarlet red against the natural black of her hair. Her eyes were a deep cedar like the forests of home. She saw a dainty eyebrow raise on the girl's face, lips faintly turned upward in amusement. "You are Katniss, yeah?" The lilt of her voice was high and she possessed some hint of an accent of which Katniss couldn't quite identify the origin. "I'm ...yes?" she sputtered, a blush scattering across the tops of her cheeks. "But I think you have the wrong table." The girl's ruby lips widened into a large smirk. "Now if I had the wrong table, would I have addressed you by name?" Katniss shook her head. The woman gave an unimpressed look around. "Besides there's no one else in this joint anyway." Katniss darted her gray eyes around the restaurant. There was one other couple sitting by the windows, sharing spaghetti like they were those dogs outside the Italian restaurant in that Disney film. Otherwise it was dead. Katniss brought her attention back to the girl. "You're not Finnick Odair," Katniss stated dumbly. Why was she at a loss for words? Because she wasn't good with words, she reasoned with herself, that's why. Even less so when a gorgeous older woman was next to her. Wait, gorgeous? The woman titled her head to the side and chuckled. "You don't miss a thing, do you?" Her voice was amused, not mean, and Katniss lifted the corner of her mouth. The woman sat in the booth across from her and slid down a few inches so she was directly across from Katniss. Katniss observed her in the quiet way she observed everything, eyes narrowed and the hair on the back of her neck standing at attention. The girl wore a ring on her right hand, a gold and diamond piece that looked expensive to Katniss's untrained eye. She was perfectly made up with a killer smokey eye, just a dash of eyeliner and some deep ruby lipstick to color her lips. One of those girls that though she was wearing make-up, she was obviously naturally beautiful. It was almost unfair. Katniss felt dowdy in her brown sweater and jeans. "I'm not Finnick Odair. I'm Johanna Mason. Finnick is my cousin and, I love the big ass, but he isn't the brightest. I am here to offer his deepest apologies." Katniss's face darkened. Oh. "Oh. Well, that's okay, I guess. You didn't have to come all the way here. He could've called me or messaged me on Facebook." Spared me this fucking embarrassment, Katniss thought to herself. Johanna smiled with mirth. "That would've been one way to do it. Or he could've wrested his testes from wherever they are captive to come here himself and apologize like a gentleman." Katniss found herself chuckling at Johanna's jab and her posture became less rigid. Johanna's eyes sparkled with apology, but not pity, Katniss noticed. "In any case, and I hate to take up his side but he's ...he would've been completely uninterested." Katniss's smile was wiped from her face, fast as lightning. "Oh." Johanna's brown eyes were confused for a split second and then she stretched her hand across the table and brushed her fingertips against Katniss's knuckles. Katniss felt the burn of her touch go right up her arm and spread across her chest. "Oh, no, not like that. Fuck no, you're - you're stunning. Really." Katniss blushed at the compliment, the sincerity in Johanna's voice, and the shy smile she gave her. "He's the idiot. He'd be uninterested because he's been secretly dating a crazy girl from back home since high school. Doesn't want to ruin his lady-killer image so he tells no one." Katniss's eyes rolled involuntarily and Johanna snickered. "Men are truly very stupid." A sigh of relief spilled from Katniss's lips. Not that she cared if some guy found her attractive but she suddenly wished she wasn't embarrassing herself in front of Johanna. Now she didn't know the protocol in this not-blind-date. "Should I go?" Katniss asked as Johanna picked up the menu that had been staring Katniss in the face from across the table all night, mocking her. Johanna shrugged her shoulders. "If you want to, be my guest. I wouldn't want to keep you from enjoying the rest of your night." Katniss's face fell a little and Johanna peered at her over the menu. "Or, you could stay. And I can stand in for my idiot cousin." "Stand in?" Katniss repeated, blinking a few times. Johanna sat the menu down and smiled. "You don't have to do that for me." Johanna rolled her eyes and nodded her head. "You're absolutely right, Katniss Everdeen, I don't. But, seeing as how you are probably free since you thought you'd be staring into the beautiful sea green eyes of Finnick Odair, and I rushed over here instead of getting my own dinner, we could help each other out." Katniss closed her mouth in fear of her jaw slacking and making her look like a fool. Johanna slapped the plastic menu down on the table. "But not here. I'm not going to have indigestion just because Odair can't pick a good restaurant from a hole in the ground." Johanna shuffled out of the booth and held her hand out to Katniss. Katniss took the proffered hand and Johanna helped her from the seat. The brunette took her coat from the hanger and put it over her shoulders. "Where are we going?" The older girl mused on that for a few moments. The waiter looked crossly at them and Johanna rolled her eyes in annoyance. "Somewhere else. I'll decide outside." And she would decide, Katniss figured. Johanna carried herself with effortless authority and the look she shot the impatient waiter made him shrink back behind the counter. They emerged into the night and Katniss hoped the rain wouldn't do what it always did to her hair, fraying it and making her look like a loofah sponge. Johanna peered both ways down the street before turning to Katniss. "Do you like Indian food?" "I've never tried it," Katniss confessed. She wasn't adventurous with her eating habits. She wasn't adventurous at all. Agreeing to this "blind date" with not-Finnick-Odair was probably the most adventurous thing she'd ever done. "No?" Johanna took Katniss by the arm and put it through the loop she had made with her own. "I know a great place. I realize this is unorthodox, but are you game?" In spite of her asking, Johanna was already leading them down the block. There were a lot of restaurants in this area of the campus, but Katniss always stuck to the same cafe a few blocks from her dorm that made a lamb and plum stew like she used to have back home. "I don't want to seem like I'm forcing you." "Not at all!" Katniss protested, too quickly. She ducked her gaze to the darkened, damp sidewalk. "I mean, you were right. I don't have any other plans." Ever, Katniss wanted to add, but didn't. Johanna smiled. "Great. It's just around the block over here." Once they walked around the corner there was a small, unassuming restaurant with a dark red awning covering the entrance. Johanna led her into the place and she was stopped short by the strong scent of curry. Katniss watched an older Indian man emerge from around the host podium and greet Johanna by name. "Rahul, how are you?" she asked, giving the man a hug. "Jo-hanna," he said, pronouncing the silent 'h'. "I'll bring you to your seat." The seats were wonderfully and richly embroidered pillows that surrounded a small table that sat about shin height. Johanna sat cross-legged on one side, and motioned for Katniss to sit across from her. Katniss plopped on the ground, crossing her legs as well. The man Johanna called Rahul brought them each a menu. Johanna placed hers to the side. "Try whatever you want. We'll start with the paneer pakora," Johanna instructed to the man. "And two glasses of the Silex." Katniss could see the whites of his eyes. "That is only by the bottle, Miss Jo-Hanna." Johanna shrugged. "Then let's have the bottle, shall we?" Johanna waved him off and turned her attention back to Katniss. "I've had nearly everything they have here. It's all delicious." The brunette nodded her head. She had no idea what anything was on the menu and once the waiter returned with the bottle of champagne, he looked at her expectantly. Johanna narrowed her eyes at Katniss. "You know what, why don't you choose for us, Rahul? Something delicious." She turned to Katniss. "Are you allergic to anything? Or vegetarian or vegan?" Katniss shook her head. "Nope, I can eat anything." "Can you now? I may hold you to that," Johanna murmured, capturing Katniss's eyes in a heated stare. She handed the menus to the man. "Then let's allow Rahul to whip something up for us." He nodded and took the menus, scurrying back toward the kitchen. "So why don't we start this off right, hm? I'm Johanna Mason." Johanna held her hand out across the table and Katniss smiled softly. "Nice to meet you, Johanna. Katniss Everdeen." She shook the girl's small, but firm hand and then retracted her own back into her lap. "And what do you do, Katniss Everdeen?" Johanna asked, pouring the champagne into two small flutes for them. "Aside from hanging out at pizzerias waiting on strangers?" "I'm a student," Katniss informed with a shrug as she took a slow sip. The champagne was extraordinary, unlike anything Katniss had ever tasted. With no price tags on the menu, Katniss didn't know if this was really expensive champagne, or cheap stuff. Whatever it was, she downed it like water. Johanna raised a bemused eyebrow but said nothing about her exuberance. "And what do you study?" "History, boring stuff," Katniss dismissed embarrassedly. Being a history major in this economy was like having a degree in sky-writing: impractical and rather stupid. Johanna snorted. "How can history be boring? Accounting? Now that can be boring. But history is beautiful. What part do you specialize in?" Katniss