A/N: Welcome to the Hunger Games Trilogy, in a universe where Johanna Mason (and Haymitch) are Katniss and Peeta's Mentors. I will be veering from canon (even more) greatly after getting through the first book. But there will be some Everlark, I suppose. There will be Joniss. There will be blood. :) Enjoy and review! (Title inspired by Keane's song "The Lovers are Losing." Great track, I recommend it highly.) When Effie Trinket knocked on the door, she had to inhale the largest breath her lungs could hold. The past four years of being the District Twelve escort had been especially trying. Haymith Abernathy was a cantankerous older man with a smug streak, but she had become accustomed to him. As accustomed one could get to a perpetually drunk, hands-y rascal. And he, to her. They had an understanding - he was to be on his best behavior while the children were in the arena, and she would overlook most of his transgressions otherwise. But four years ago, when District Twelve native Johanna Mason had surprised Panem with her upset victory, Effie was unprepared for how to deal with the tempestuous young girl. From the moment she stepped on stage at the Reaping to this very instant, they were always at odds. She seemed to thrive on needling Effie at every single turn in the times they had seen each other. However, Effie was willing to overlook it because Johanna had become a much more helpful Mentor than Haymitch. In spite of her objections and acerbic personality, she seemed to take a genuine interest in the Tributes. But she had to steel herself emotionally every time they saw each other, because Johanna took such pleasure in unnerving her. She knocked melodically on the door. "You're going to come in anyway," the rough voice called from inside, before the door unceremoniously swung open. Johanna eyed the escort, who was dolled up in a bright fuschia outfit with alabaster make-up. The rim of pink around her eyes accentuated the natural blue of her eyes. Johanna always thought that if Effie was to finally get rid of that get-up, she'd probably be a pretty woman. But no one would ever know, because Effie insisted on dressing like an idiot every time they saw each other. "Good morning Johanna!" Effie called gleefully, letting herself and the stylist team into Johanna's home. Johanna swept her hand back in a grand gesture, which went purposefully ignored by the Capitol team. Effie scrunched her nose as she took in the state of the Victor's home. Unlike Haymitch's, which looked lived in only for the empty glass bottles scattered all over the floor, Johanna's home looked bare. Moving boxes sat unpacked, no pictures hung on the walls. A lingering smell of liquor and firewood hung in the air. "This place is cheerful as always," she piped, looking to the disinterested dark-haired woman. Johanna smirked, running her fingers through her recently shorn hair. It had been down near her back when she won her Games, but she took to cutting it at her shoulders ever since. The stylist's picked up the tresses and grimaced, backing off only after Johanna snarled at them. "What did you do to your hair, dear?" one of them asked, circling her like a vulture. "I cut it, you moron," Johanna replied quickly, placing her arms akimbo. "Is there a problem?" "I would say so," Effie interjected, crossing her arms over her loud outfit. "You look like an absolute mess. But that's no trouble, dear, as we'll fix you right up, won't we?" She looked at the stylists, who ushered Johanna into the bathroom in spite of the woman's expletive-ridden objections. Effie sighed, reaching down to wipe invisible germs from the couch, then sat down gingerly on the fabric. She clasped her hands over her knees, waiting patiently for the stylists to be finished. Her eyes darted around the room, where the only decoration in the entire home was a fishing net hung in the corner. Effie managed a small smile - it was a gift from Finnick, the winner from a few years ago. Effie had met him on several occasions and found him charmingly repulsive. Far too young to be subjected to the Capitol's hungry crowds, but he was always very pleasant. He and Johanna had struck up a quick friendship that Effie always imagined was more. When pressed Johanna had vehemently denied it, citing Finnick's devotion to another recent Victor, Annie Cresta. Finnick was the only friend Johanna had, so Effie didn't want to push the matter further. She had witnessed what loneliness did to a Victor - Haymitch was living proof. When Johanna reemerged she looked much improved, in Effie's estimation. Johanna, however, was far from pleased. The ridiculous updo her hair was in made her feel like a doll instead of a killer. But she appreciated the heavy eyeliner that outlined her brown hues. A form-fitting black dress with navy blue accents was supposed to match Haymitch's typical navy blue tie. Her image after the Games - as a rebel with a cause - meant that she spent most of her time in dark clothes. Not that she minded; dark clothes felt natural, like a constant state of mourning. "Off to the slaughter, then," Johanna announced crudely, receiving disparaging looks from the escort. "Really, Johanna, must you?" Johanna mocked the woman behind her back, and upon the turned head of Effie, she formed her lips in a straight line and shrugged. Peeved, they began walking toward Haymitch's house. Effie had already been there that day to wake him from his stupor and made sure he put on a tie. Haymitch stumbled from his home before they arrived, tossing a glass bottle against the side of his house. When Effie opened her mouth to speak to him, the blonde man held his hand up. "Please, Effie, not now. I'll have to listen to you enough on the train," he complained, and Johanna let out a small chuckle. As much as she slightly detested the man, she admired his candor. They had different approaches to their post-Victory shambled lives - he drowned his in liquor, she buried hers in physical training. Not to say that she didn't over-indulge in liquor, but she wasn't soaked through and through like he was. Most of her free time was spent in metalworking. Her family were metallurgists from as far back as she could remember, and her father's particular skill had been making extremely strong, flexible metals from chemicals he found in the Seam. Although they probably could've afforded to live in the Merchant village, the Masons had lived in the Seam in District Twelve. Johanna had resented this poor upbringing, but Mr. Mason had insisted they live simply. He distrusted the Capitol, furtively, and did not want to make them more money, or propogate this "us vs them" mentality that divided the classes in Twelve. So in their massive amounts of downtime when there was no electricity, he had taught Johanna his trade. In turn, she had expanded upon this skill and began making weapons. Weapon-making was strictly forbidden in the Districts, so Mr. Mason agreed to have Johanna hand over everything she made to the Capitol after a representative from the city shook them down. In turn, they would be allowed a small fraction of the profits, mainly in the form of grain and old. Obviously, all of that changed after Johanna won her Games. She became the Capitol's property. ... Johanna watched into the crowd of children as Mayor Undersee began his speech about the history of the Hunger Games. She had learned not to make a face, since she had been punished one year for looking too disinterested in the history. Instead she scanned the crowd, looking for familiar faces. There were one too many. The Dade family, with their house of two boys and two girls; the Hawthornes with more kids than was entirely necessary, and the spots of fair-skinned kids from the Merchant villages. Johanna thought it interesting how you could see the line between the Seam and the rest of Panem just by surveying the children. A dark, dirty smudge was apparent on the DNA of kids from the Seam. Their darkened complexion, their green eyes, and the humbled but proud way they carried themselves in the Merchant district, as well as their relaxed joviality in the Hob. When Johanna tuned back into the proceedings, Effie's already drawing names. "Primrose Everdeen," Effie called out. Johanna heard the murmurs and watched as a little flit of a girl emerged from the crowd, looking wholly frightened. Cautiously she stepped forward, until the commotion a few rows behind stilled her movements. "I volunteer!" the voice shouted in a strangled cry. The Peacekeppers kept her at bay. Johanna squinted to try and see her from the stage. Instead she brought her eyes up to the camera televisions. She didn't look familiar, other than that obvious "Seam" complexion. "I volunteer as tribute!" Johanna hid her shocked expression, however Effie had not. In fact, Haymitch looked practically asleep, while Effie looked like someone had rammed a rod up her back. The dark-haired girl watched as the brunette took the place of the blonde who took solace in Gale Hawthorne, the eldest of the needlessly large Hawthorne clan. Katniss stepped up to the microphone, introducing herself. "Katniss Everdeen." Johanna's eyes widened in spite of herself. The girl's sister. Effie called the male tribute, a homely looking fair-haired boy named Peeta Mellark. No one volunteered for that boy. After Effie's flourished conclusion, no one clapped. That was not unusual, Twelve was always somber since they so rarely had Victors. But Gale's hand went up in the three-fingered salute. Suddenly the entire crowd gave the silent salute. Johanna felt a little bit proud of her fellow District residents. Effie looked around nervously, trying to smile in spite of the egregious behavior before her. Haymitch, of course, exacerbates the situation by putting his arm around Katniss' shoulders. "I like you. You've got spunk!" Katniss looks absolutely horrified, but is covering it with a stone face that only slightly looks fearful, Johanna thought. "More than you!" he shouts, directly at the camera. He then promptly falls off the stage and is carried out on a stretcher into the building. Johanna stifles a grin. Effie ushered the children into the Justice Center, pulling Peeta and Katniss into separate rooms where they could say good-bye to their families. Johanna and Haymitch lingered outside the doors, and the man slid Johanna a flask. Without question she took a hit of the liquid. It felt like molten steel going down her esophagus. "What the fuck, Haymitch? Is that just straight from the medicine cabinet?" The older man laughed, taking a casual sip of the horrendous liquid. She shook her head, waving her hands in the air. "You're gonna be lucky to live another year with that stuff." As Johanna finished her sentence, the door to Peeta's room opened and Mr. Mellark emerged, carrying a small white bag into Katniss' room. Through the cracked door both Victors can see the weeping mother with her arm around Peeta. From what Johanna can remember, Mrs. Mellark's favorite son was not Peeta, but there she is, sobbing like it's the end of days. For Peeta, it probably is. Haymitch look at her knowingly. "Exactly how lucky is that?" Johanna makes small talk with Effie as the blonde struts around the train car, mouthing off their list of to-do items that "must be completed" before they get to the Capitol. It's the same run down every year - prep the Tributes, answer their questions, be on our very best behavior ("Do not make a scene again!") and be nice. Effie knows that neither Victor will be nice, but she does rely on Johanna to be at least helpful. When Katniss walks down the narrow hallway, Johanna and Peeta are