We learn in school that scent is the strongest sense tied to memory. A long-faded odor can magically awaken a memory you've buried so deeply inside your brain it takes you by surprise as it emerges. A memory you've so thoroughly suppressed that you almost don't believe it happened. It takes on the fuzzy muddiness of a dream when it plays back in your mind's eye. But no dream can be relived with the scent of pine needles. It pushes into my brain like a forest fire - it annihilates all of my clarity and leaves me devastated. The trees around me groan in the intense wind, small branches cracking and pelting the ground in bunches. My jacket flutters in the breeze, but I can't feel the crisp air. I feel too warm, like stepping out of the shower into a steamed bathroom. My bow is drawn taut, and the squirrel is in my vision. But the wave of feelings that crashes on my consciousness makes the arrow fly high into the night sky, piercing the stars instead of the animal. It scurries away, darting under a pile of leaves to live another day. A strong wind picks up and blows the aroma of pine back toward me, and I white-knuckle the bow in my hand. I haven't thought of that night in any detail since it happened. I've spent most of my time actively trying to forget it, an act of futility at its best. We didn't talk about it afterwards. I didn't see her at all after I shot Coin. After Prim and Finnick's deaths, we were both too out of it to speak in the few instances we passed each other back in Snow's mansion. I moved back to Twelve with Peeta, and she moved to Four to live near Annie and the baby. She has even spoken with my mother, but never reached out to me. Of course, our lives have overlapped through the years following the Rebellion; a haze of ceremonies and anniversaries where I glimpse her like a ghost amidst a crowd. But the only remnant of that night was in the hungry look she couldn't shake when she looked at me. And the desperation that I knew was evident in my eyes. When I find her that day, she's up in a tree. She looks like a vulture on a fence post, studying the ground with a cocked head, arms akimbo and eyes as dark as coal. The air hangs thick with the smell of the evergreen trees that line the woods of Thirteen. The limbs of these trees are weak though, and I don't know how she's managing to stay so still. Her deep brown eyes are faraway, glazed over as she stares out into the slowly setting sun. I don't follow her gaze; it reminds me of Peeta to see the orange of a sunset. Instead I survey her. I play back in my head the conversation that led me here. ... 'You know, when Finnick and I were Mentors, we saw you at your first Games.' Johanna's admission is so abrupt I look up from assembling my rifle with wide eyes. She laughs at my discomfort, as she always does, and shakes her tousled black locks. 'You were so stinking virginal. So when the Games were over, we were probably more surprised than anyone that they were choosing you to front this Rebellion.' I have enough right of mind to be pissed. Why shouldn't they choose me? Because I've never stood up for anything? Because deep down, I'm just still some poor teenager from the forgotten District? Maybe, but I'm insulted. I have at least that much pride. 'I guess it's not every day that they get beat at their own game.' She nods, letting out a whistle. 'That's fuckin' right, Twelve. Finnick and I didn't think you had it in you.' 'You talked about me a lot, hm? Not much going on the decadent world of Hunger Games Victors?' I shoot this question back at her and she looks genuinely surprised. Good, I've at least gotten though a bit of this hardened veneer she has over her. She covers it with another hardy laugh, dissembling her rifle as quickly as she can. Her hands work well now. At first she was shaky from the morphling withdrawal, but now she's steady. Her strong hands, used to the hard labor of cutting trees and wielding axes, can move fluidly in the intricate lock systems of the rifles. I often find myself staring at them. 'What else are we going to talk about? The weather?' I chuckle at this. 'Anyway, then we meet you in the Quarter Quell and there you are. Surrounded by this pure, blue aura like some kind of virgin queen. If Finnick wasn't so in love with Annie, he would have given up all his money to try and corrupt you.' My hands still on the gun. I can hear Soldier York barking out different orders, and Johanna begins to put the rifle back together, her body less tense. I guess the day is over. She looks at me, and I can't move. I look up into her eyes. 'Corrupt me?' I ask dumbly, furrowing my brow. Johanna's laugh pierces the otherwise somber room, prompting us to be on the receiving end of an icy glare from Soldier York. Johanna rolls her eyes at the woman, but quiets down anyway. I find my resolve somewhere and frown. 'Well, he could've tried all he wanted. But I never would've fallen for his 'handsome victor' routine like everyone else. I'm not that stupid.' She snorts at this, placing her rifle back on the rack. 'And what routine do you fall for, girl on fire? The lovelorn puppy-dog? Or maybe the steadfast stud?' I harden my gaze at her. How she knows explicitly how to get under my skin is unnerving. But we've been 'friends' long enough now, that I try not to be offended at her derisive talk of Peeta and Gale. Instead, I think upon it, genuinely giving the comment some thought. We've walked through the center to the dining hall out of habit, but in the exchange of glances, we both realize we're not hungry. We opt out of dinner wordlessly and return back to our compartment, where Johanna strips out of her uniform the moment the door closes. I try my best not to stare, as I always do, when she bends to pick up her government-issued pajamas. She looks at them, scrunching her nose in disgust. From past experience of being on the receiving end of her penchant for nudity, I imagine Johanna doesn't sleep with clothes on. I think if she could live in the nude, she would. I envy her lack of inhibition. I don't, however, envy the painful road it took her to get to a place where she lacks for a care in the world. I don't know who I am if I'm not worrying about someone. She drops the clothes back onto the floor, opting instead to pull her casual uniform on and sit on her bed. 'Neither,' I say suddenly, and Johanna looks at me, confused. Her mind seems to file back to the last question she asked me, and she is still confused once it registers. 'I wouldn't fall for either. I don't think I like it being so ...easy.' She protrudes her lower lip, giving me an approving nod. 'I can understand that. Love is weird. You don't want it to be easy. But you don't want it to be so hard.' She ponders this for a moment, rising from her bed to stand. I'm still standing in the middle of the room for no reason, awkwardly clasping my hands in front of me. What about her always makes me feel so exposed? 'What about you?' I ask as she walks toward me. I try to ignore the hitch in my breath that happens, and the warmness spreading through my body to my fingertips as she gets closer to me. She's like a fire, sucking all the oxygen out of the room with a whoosh. It's not the first time I've thought they picked the wrong person to be the "girl on fire." 'Me?' She tucks hair behind my ear, in a gesture so intimate and surprisingly tender, I can't suppress a shudder. When I open my eyes, she's smirking that insufferable smirk. 'I always want what I can't have, Everdeen. I'm a glutton for punishment.' 'Like what?' The question comes out of my mouth in a breathless whisper, but she hears it. She looks at the top of my head, then her chestnut eyes travel to mine, holding me transfixed. It's like I'm always floating, but when she looks at me, I'm suddenly still for the first time. It's inevitable like the claw of the hovercraft from the Games. Sucking me in, no matter how I try (or don't try) to struggle. The way she gazes at my lips, like a hungry wolf in a field of sheep, works up that fear-thrill emotion only she can pull from within me. 'Wouldn't you like to know?' Her hand slides across my jaw as she drops it to her side, pushing passed me to leave the room. I'm suddenly alone and acutely aware of how hard my heart is beating. When I emerge from the room to find her, she's nowhere in sight. ... 'I can't find Johanna,' I say breathlessly, running into a small room with just Finnick and Haymitch. They share a look before turning their attention to me. They don't seem particularly worried that a recent torture victim has gone missing. 'Hello? Did you not hear me?' Finnick places his hands together, putting them to his lips. 'What happened?' The way he asks it, like I'm a toddler who spilled her milk, ignites an angry flurry in my stomach. I mask the anger with a shrug of my shoulders, but the guilty look I throw the ground doesn't fool either man. When I look back up at Haymitch, his tired eyes are looking at me confidently. 'We were just talking. All of a sudden she just took off. I didn't really think anything of it, except she didn't come back. I kind of figured she might be here with you guys.' It's not entirely false. But they don't need to know everything about me. They already know too much. 'Go find her,' Haymitch says tiredly, waving his hand toward the door. Finnick looks at me, shrugging his muscular shoulders. 'Why doesn't Finnick go find her? I've already looked for her for over an hour.' I'm afraid of what will happen when I find her. She frightens me in a way I've never experienced a fear before. There's no impulse to fight or flight. She makes me want to do something I've never done before: Give in. Finnick smirks. His chiseled cheekbones make him look like a conniving cat when he grins like that. The air of practiced pompousness reminds me of Johanna, but she shrouds hers in a prickly cloak of thorns. Finnick wears his like a crown. 'She doesn't want to see me, brainless.' He uses Johanna's term for me and I turn sharply toward him. The way he looks at Haymitch, like they both are in on another of my life's secrets, makes me irrationally angry. 'She won't come out for me. She'll come out for you.' So I search Thirteen for her, and after almost two hours of walking, I find her holed up in this tree. I know she can feel my proximity - a leftover skill from the arena. We are all so acutely aware of each other's presence. I don't feel as close to Johanna, like I do to Finnick. Something about her has kept me at bay - either intentionally or not. Not because of the sharp words that