Summary: Can we all take a moment to wonder just what would happen if certain things did or didn't happen? ... The moment has passed, have you wondered enough? No? Yes? Even if you have or haven't, here's to a different beginning~ Warning: Canon divergence AU, MarySue!Hermione, Crack [5.22.17] I solemnly swear that I am up to no good. I started this on a whim (today at 10:50 AM, actually, and finished at 11:04 PM) after "Why can't you just leave me alone?" got stuck in my head, so...there you have it, another new fic :x Welp, enjoy nonsense~ "Why can't you just leave me alone?" she asked while one of the boys towered over her, still in the process of pouring mud down her head. "Because we hate you," snickered he, and he dropped the bucket so that it landed on her dress, splattering more mud over her being. "Why?" Why? Hermione woke up with a startle as her hands found comfort in the crossed grips of her shoulders, and her knees found themselves in her arms' embrace. She had been dreaming about her past, which wasn't too long ago, before she gladly left that world to dust. Hermione Granger would never forget her tormentors, but they would have forgotten her. It was with a quiet breathing exercise that calmed her down, and she slowly untangled her limbs from her person before her sock-clad feet found perch on the ground. Sliding her curtains aside, she pivoted on her feet so that she could make her bed (a habit she had grown into since a long time ago). "Good morning," she greeted quietly, though her peers weren't awake to greet her back or even hear her greeting. Heading down to her trunk, she unclasped the lock with some difficulty, and gathered the supplies needed for the day. When all her books were organized on her bed, she then made her way towards the bathroom, hoping that a quick shower would cool her thoughts. The water was cold at first, causing her to inhale noisily while turning the knob further left, until the water was just right for her. Did they ever answer why? she asked herself, because though the event happened quite a while back, she found she couldn't remember their words. Sure she remembered who they were, and could list their addresses and everything (they lived on the same street, so really she couldn't forget), but she couldn't for the life of her remember their response to her question, which was really quite important because she wanted to know why , just why they hated her. She hadn't done anything to them, barely even talked to them in fact, but they just seemed to hold a terrible hate towards her person. Shaking her head, she stuck her hand out of the curtains to grab her shampoo, and accidentally squeezed out a bit more than needed after turning it upside down, but she couldn't put it back in so she clasped the lid closed and thrust the shampoo bottle back outside the curtains. Rubbing the shampoo into her hands, she tilt her head forwards, so that the water wouldn't hit her head, and rubbed the shampoo into her head, like her mother taught her to. The water turned cold , she thought, and then fumbled to turn the knob a bit more so that the hot water would come out. When the water did turn warmer, she washed her hands behind her head and returned to rubbing the shampoo into her hair. It didn't take that much longer before she was ready to rinse out the shampoo beneath the spray of water, and she kept her eyes closed while trying not to breathe in (either water or shampoo). Gasping, Hermione sputtered for air, and quickly regretted doing so under the water, because she didn't want to swallow any shampoo if it had gotten into her mouth. Grimacing, she washed her face as best as she could, before returning to her hair. Why can't mum just let me cut it off? she asked herself, because her hair just bugged her. It was also one of the many features her peers tormented her for, because it made her look like a beaver, and whatever else they said. She remembered how they would cake it in mud, and laugh at her because she refused to tell anyone that she was being bullied, and would lie that she had fallen into a puddle of mud. Scrubbing her hair a tad too harshly, Hermione felt her tears wash down the drain, and she hiccuped once, then twice, and she gave up on washing her hair. Turning the knob shut, Hermione stood still as she wiped her face so that her tears would stop, but they kept coming and she inhaled deeply, before exhaling quickly, and repeated doing so until a shrill noise filled her ears. Huh? She held her breath, and the shrill noise was louder, as though it was right beside her ear. Furrowing her brows, she reached up to her ear and let out a short cry, wondering why there was no blood when her finger was bitten. The shrill cry stopped shortly after, and instead, a melodious rumble filled her ear, though for the life of why, she didn't know. Is there a bug in my hair? Hermione asked herself, resisting the urge to swat at her hair because she was deathly afraid of them, as a result of being covered in worms time after time, after time. Breathing in, and out, and in, and out, she wondered what the quickest way to rid of a bug was, but she couldn't think. Shivering, Hermione remembered how she was still dripping wet from her shower, and she quickly slid the curtains aside to grab for her towel, wrapping it around herself before grabbing another, smaller towel, to pat her arms and legs dry. Another towel had been used to dry her hair, though it was still dripping wet, and since she didn't bring a hair dryer with her, she had to wait for it to dry on its own, which would take a long time considering her hair was thick and the first class was in about an hour or two. She didn't even look at the time, so how was she to know what time it was? Shaking her head, she got dressed and then put the towels inside a plastic bag, separate from the clean towels, before heading over to the sinks. Surprisingly, the mirrors weren't fogged up, but she shrugged it off, not worrying about it since the bathroom was pretty spacious. When a minute or two passed, Hermione spit out the toothpaste and rinsed her mouth. She looked into the mirror and blinked in bewilder, because there near her ear was a very shiny thing, and she moved closer to stare at it, surprised to hear it titter. What is it? Hermione asked herself, and the corners of her mouth tipped down, while she watched it make itself comfortable in her hair. How do I get rid of it? she asked, not wanting to touch it in case it decided to bite her finger again. With a sigh, Hermione left the bathroom to head back to her bed, placing the plastic bag down on the covers and then moving to place her toiletries back inside her trunk. "You're up early," one of her roommates called out. Hermione didn't respond, because she didn't know what to say in response, so she busied herself with slipping the robes on and grimacing silently at how wet her hair was against her clothes, but she didn't want to pull her hair out from under, so she left it alone. The shrill chitter sounding against her ear didn't bother her as much, though she was wondering what it was since it didn't seem like anything she'd ever seen or read before. Maybe it's a magical creature, I'm sure the library has mentions of it, she thought to herself, and hurried her way over to exit the room. With a relieved sigh, Hermione started making her way down to the common room, wondering just what time it was, before she found herself flat on her back and sliding down mid-way. "Shite, sorry bout that lass, didn't think anyone would be up," called out the person responsible for the stairs changing into a slope. Embarrassed, Hermione grasped her cauldron tight against her chest before righting herself and dashing off to the round hole in the wall, and then pushing against the frame so that she could clamber out of the common room. As the painting started to close, Hermione heard the trio talk amongst themselves, and she felt herself flush in embarrassment even though the corners of her lips were lifting into a smile. "How was I to know there'd be someone on the stairs?" "Well if you didn't make it your morning ritual to turn it into a bloody slide, we wouldn't be here berating you!" "We've been here for many years lass, nobody's ever been up this early for me to make such a mistake!" "You'll apologize to the firstie, you will, or so be it, I'll tell Percy on you!" "You can't! Shite, lass, don't go too far! I've got an apology to make!" Hermione was already way too far from the painting, so she didn't hear them, and she stared at the ground as she walked down to the great hall, though she was afraid of getting lost, but if memory served correct, she was on the right track. It didn't take long for her to reach the great hall, and she was sort of glad that she wasn't the first to arrive, if you counted all four houses, but she was the first Gryffindor to arrive. Taking her seat at the very end of the table, she finally let go of the cauldron to put it down on the bench beside her, and took to filling a goblet of some juice for herself. "Miss Granger, your schedule." "Thank you, Professor McGonagall..." Hermione said, putting the pitcher down so that she could take her schedule. Smiling up at the professor, she felt her cheeks heat up in embarrassment, because she wasn't used to communicating with adults (unless counting her parents, but otherwise all others were avoided). Shortly left alone, Hermione looked back down to her schedule, and was surprised to note that there was a clock telling her what time it was, but she put it to magic and looked at her first class of the day. On Mondays, she had potions. A shrill sound near her ear caused her to nearly tear her schedule apart, and she was afraid that she did, but was glad to see that it was still in one piece, and she put it away inside her satchel, before lifting one hand up to her ear where the shiny creature had declared it as her nest (she was pretty sure the magical creature was of the feminine form, but she couldn't be too sure until she checked it out in the library). Another wince left her mouth when her finger was pricked, but the shrill sound turned into a pleasant hum and she shook her head slowly, before moving to grab herself some breakfast. "She's here Jordan, the lil' firstie's here!" cried out one of the voices from that morning. Hermione wanted to curl in on herself, but she couldn't, so she resorted to curling her toes in while she dared to look up at the three who had both ruined and made her morning. "Sorry bout that lass, if there's anything I could ever do to gain your forgiveness, I would do it in a heartbeat!" Hermione felt her cheeks heat up as she looked into the eyes of a boy older than her, and she slowly lifted her gaze to the other two boys standing