Title: Liquid Fire Author/s: Shady Phee Sin Chosen: Gluttony Word Count (without header): 11.676 Beta/s: bigblueboat, 2Shaes, and HammondGirl Summary: Two people. Who, on normal circumstances, would probably never meet, find each other in the most unlikely of places. Alcoholics Anonymous. AU/AH/OOC. Warnings: This story is rated MA for extreme adult content. Including: alcohol abuse, language and explicit sexual content. A/N: One-shot for The Seven Deadly Sins TwiFic Contest. I never went through anything like this, but a very close friend of mine did so this is dedicated to her. She's one of the strongest people I know. This is a complete work of fiction, none of this really happened to her. Her story is completely different and her own. Thanks for reading, Phee Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. (Bella) I will not throw up. I will not. Nope, not this girl. My stomach is made of steel and talking in front of a group, even one as small as this one, doesn't scare me. "Ahem . Hi, I'm Isabella, and I'm an alcoholic." "Hi, Isabella." Two days before... I woke in a haze. One that I had been in for most of the week. I turned my neck to see where I was. Because, honestly, I wasn't sure. My spine, yelling at me while it was smashed against something hard, told me I was on the floor...again. Once my vision semi-cleared, I could see Alice laying on her side a couple of feet away from me with half her clothes missing and a hairy male arm around her stomach. I also saw various piles of trash with a few syringes in the mix. This was by far the most run down, sketchiest place I'd found myself at. My throbbing head stopped me from thinking for so long that I thought I might've passed out again. I ventured to fully sitting up when I thought it was safe enough. I numbly patted my jeans down in search of my phone and dug it out of my stupid tight pocket. I cringed as I pressed the name I really didn't want, Charlie's, and brought the phone to the side of my face. I waited, the ringing sounding much louder than it probably was. "Hello," a gruff voice answered. I licked my lips, trying to prolong the inevitable. "Hey, dad." " Bella? Where the hell are you?" I winced, rubbing my temple. "Um...I'm not sure." The other side of the line was so quiet, I feared Charlie had hung up on me. Finally I heard a heavy sigh. "Bella," was all he said, and it was enough. All the disappointment the world could load on me was packed into that one word. I stayed silent, knowing nothing I could say would matter at this point. I'd let down my father- I continuously let my father down. And if I was being honest with myself, I probably wasn't going to stop any time soon. "I'll come get you, but you have to get help." "I will." " No , I mean for real this time." "You don't mean..." "Rehab? You better damn believe I do." "Dad." "Don't dad me. You're killing me Bella, every day." That was like an uppercut to the chin to hear. "Can't I just do AA? I mean, I'm really not that bad off." That wasn't true, but I was hedging my bets. Again, the line was really quiet. "Fine. But if that doesn't work, you're going to rehab, and that's final." "Okay." "I love you, baby girl." "I love you, too." . . . I sat in awkward silence with my father as we drove home after dropping Alice off at her older sister's house. I'd covertly look at Charlie's face casted in dark shadows. He couldn't look me in the eyes, and I really couldn't blame him. I was a full blown wreck, from head to toe. I highly suspected I had vomit in my hair, and I didn't even want to start on my breath. How I got this way, I wasn't precisely sure. I'd like to say I had a horrible childhood, but besides my mom hightailing it, my young life was pretty good. Charlie surely tried the best he could. Kind of overcompensated at times. I'd like to say that I was pressured into drinking, but I'd done equal amounts of coercing my friends. Alice and I had a sort of/kind of buddy system going. We tried to look out for each other. I went through all of high school without going to a single party. The end of college was when I let loose, not to the extent I was now, but that's probably when it started. Finals were exceedingly stressful that year, and the booze helped relax me tremendously. The more I drank, the sweeter the release. At first, it started off just being a weekend thing. Then drinking bled into the weekdays. I wasn't a social drinker. I could drink with or without people. I didn't care. One drink won't hurt, I'd tell myself after finishing my homework. One turned into two. Then two turned into three, and so on and so forth. I liked the hard stuff, straight up, and I wasn't picky. Now, here I was at twenty-three, at a dead end job, with my daddy driving me home. I'm glad I hadn't driven my car this time because I sure as hell wouldn't be able to remember where it was. When we finally got home, Charlie slammed the car door and marched into the house. I got out much slower, closing the door softly because my brain was already pounding from Charlie's aggression release. Walking into our small, quaint home, I heard no sign of my father moving around. Shrugging, I climbed the stairs to my room and passed out on top of the covers of my bed. . . . Two days later, Monday morning, my father and I sat at the small, round table of our kitchen, eating cereal in that awkward silence we seemed to have worked down to a T. Finally, Charlie cleared his throat to get my attention. I looked up from the newspaper I wasn't really reading to meet his eyes. "Do you need me to drive you tonight?" I shook my head. "No. It's okay. Thanks, though." He nodded. I nodded back as I stood to bring my bowl to the sink to wash it. "Well, I have to get ready for work," I said, drying my hands on a towel that was hanging from the stove handle. He nodded again, his back still turned from me. I went upstairs without another word. I moved back in with my father a month ago. I had been leasing an apartment with Alice, but with most of our combined income going into our liquor consumption and just plain forgetting when rent was due, we'd gotten evicted. So, yeah, I was a loser, living with my daddy because I couldn't keep my shit together. Work was its per-usual boring self. I was a secretary for a divorce attorney in Port Angeles, which was also where I'd lived all my life. My boss, James' workload kept me busy, but it was a mindless kind of busyness. For me it was, at least. I liked it. I liked not having to think. Not that I was stupid. I'd graduated from Peninsula College with honors. I just liked being able to shut my head off for a couple of hours. It helped when I had a bitch of a hangover or splitting headaches, like this morning. I had the mother of all migraines. I was pretty good at hiding hangovers. I actually had a fixer-upper kit in my purse: a little bottle of Tylenol, mints, eye drops, and a small tube of Preparation H for when I had puffy eyes. I also drank coffee like it was going out of style to keep myself from snoring on my desk, which was right by the front door. James came out from his office, looking fresh as a daisy with slicked back blond hair and a killer smile. He was what the other two women that worked here, Jess and Tayna, liked to call a fox. Despite being well into his thirties, he didn't look a day over twenty-five and had a personality that was difficult to not get along with. "Good morning, Bella," he greeted rather loudly. I fought back my cringe and forced my lips to smile back. "Morning, James." "Did you have a good weekend?" I nodded. "Sure did. You?" His smile brightened. "It was great! Victoria and I took the kids sailing." Victoria was his redheaded goddess of a wife who was months away from turning thirty-sorry twenty-eight. (Insert winky face.) They had three kids together. All the same age. Yep, a triple threat, all boys to boot. You wouldn't be able to tell that Victoria had pushed out three good sized heads only five years ago. I'd only been working here for about a year now and was treated like family. I liked my job—I really did. I just didn't see myself getting very far in it. The law wasn't my thing. Truthfully, I didn't know what my 'thing' was. I was ambitious once, but that felt like a lifetime ago now... . . . Later that night, I stood in front of a bunch of strangers at the Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. Honestly, I found the title of this group kind of misleading. I felt no anonymity at that moment. No, I felt completely exposed. Though, knowing I wasn't the only one did make me feel somewhat better. I cleared my throat after my introduction, having absolutely no idea what to say. A handful of people had gone before me with some hellaciously sad life stories that I had no chance of even coming close to. I felt like an even worse person for thinking that this was some sort of contest, but I couldn't help it. Mostly, I stupidly worried about them judging me. Poor little girl, drinking her nonexistent sorrows away. I opted for keeping a good chunk of my past to myself. "I've been sober for two days." This elected applause as if I'd just announced that I'd brought peace to the world. I looked to the group host, Mike Newton. He nodded encouragingly at me. I didn't have the slightest clue what he was prompting me to do. I nodded back, then looked out at the group. "Um...I was drinking heavily for about two years. This Saturday morning, I woke up having no clue where I was and had to call my father to come get me and my friend." I kept going even though I was screaming inwardly at myself to shut the fuck up. "I didn't realize how far off the deep end I'd gone until I saw the sheer disappointment on my father's face." I trailed off, unable to look anyone in the eyes. I kept a steady eye on my chipped fingernails as I finally went on. "Alcohol felt like a lover to me. It would hold me in its warm arms, giving me a release I'd never felt before." I braved looking up and saw a surprising amount of understanding faces. "It's constantly whispering my name." I walked away as I felt my eyes watering, taking a seat all the way in the back. "Thank you, Isabella, for sharing," Mike said, taking my place in the front. "We're all glad you've decided to join us." Everyone nodded, turning around to smile at me. I cursed my eyes to suck it up as I pulled my mouth up in an imitation smile. Thankfully, everyone's attention was brought back to the front as Mike asked, "Does anyone else want to share?" He looked around at the group, seeing no volunteers. "I will," said a deep, low