A/N: This is a sequel to my first story, Thicker Than Water. It is mainly about Stefan Roman. The FBI agent we meet in the middle of Bella's run from Aro and the Association. I found myself extremely intrigued by Stefan the minute he came into the picture. His story nagged and nagged at me until I decided to write it down. Old, beloved characters will definitely be making cameos. But it will center around Stefan and his journey. It's staged seven years after Bella and her gang have a head to head with the Dom, Aro and his outfit. I won't say you have to read the original to understand this story, because I will try my best to fill in the blanks of their past. I'm thinking I'll be posting every Sunday for now because I'm only seven chapters in. If things change, I'll be sure to let y'all know. One more thing, I swear. In this story and T2H2O, Stefan is pronounced like, STEF-en not STEH-fahn. Just wanted to make it clear. :) I hope you enjoy, Phee :) Disclaimer: All recognizable things are property of their respective owners. I claim plot and new characters only. No copyright infringement intended. Warning: Rated M for violence, abuse, rape, language and lemons. Also, if you have a problem with same sex marriage and them raising children together, don't read this and don't bother sending hate reviews about it. Because, the love Beau and Riley have for each other, to me, is as pure as any other couple. A lot of non-cannon things are going to happen in this story. So if you're a purest and want to see everyone with who they should be or act like they do in Twilight, I suggest you surpass this story. Everything is changeable, everything appears and disappears; there is no blissful peace until on passes beyond the agony of life and death. - Buddha (Stefan) I sat on an old brown leather, beat-to-shit swivel chair; watching my partner, fellow bounty hunter and former hitman, Isabella Swan Cullen from across my desk. She was frowning down at her mug with the words WHERE'S MY FUCKING COFFEE? written in bold, black letters on it as she dipped a green tea baggie into it. I chuckled softly at her disgusted expression. Her sharp, unamused eyes snapped up to mine. "Shove it, Roman." My gaze lowered to the large, round belly her mug was place atop of. "How much longer you got?" "Seven weeks." She answered immediately. "That soon already?" She frowned at me, nose scrunching up. "You cram a five pounder in your stomach, then you'll realize how slowly time seems to pass." "No, thank you," I said with feeling, unable to hold back a grin. "Still keeping the sex a mystery?" She nodded, half-smiling. "It's killing Edward." "Got a name?" "Yeah," she answered as she laid a hand on her lower belly, looking down at the stretched black fabric. "Charlie Renee for a girl and Charlie Beau for a boy." I nodded because I wasn't surprised in the slightest. Bella's father and the service he'd done for all of us still stayed with each of us everyday. Charlie had literally thrown himself into the line of fire to save all of our asses. Bella blames herself for not thinking the plan out better, but honestly, even if she had put the alert button on her wrist, and even if I had dropped the guns to their feet sooner, without the distraction Charlie had provided, they would've all been dead. I knew the man had a plan set aside from his daughter's all along. I just didn't know exactly what it was. I should've known he would've pulled something that extreme. I knew the man was a sly son of a bitch. Knew, also, that he would've done absolutely anything for his children. That man had a place somewhere good upstairs for sure. Bella joked sometimes, always with tears in her eyes, that he was probably still in his Laz-Z-Boy watching Animal Planet with a glass of something stiff, while of course watching over everyone else too. "Edward coming back home soon?" I asked, changing the subject for her benefit. She looked at me with wet, sad eyes. Her voice was rough around the edges as she answered. "Tomorrow." Cullen had become a world renowned pianist, varying from preforming on stage to scoring for top name blockbusters over the past seven years that I've known him. The guy even played for the president's inauguration ball. He traveled all over the globe. Bella used to ride along when she could until it was mandated by her baby doctor for her to stay close to home. Which was now Seattle for the whole group. Riley chose that moment to walk in all his blond glory with a toddler on his hip. Placing her mug down, Bella stood with a large smile on her face. Kissing her brother-in-law on the cheek she lifted her arms up to her niece. "Come see Nanny, Bailey." The girl with the roundest little rosy cheeks I'd ever seen nearly nose dived into Bella's arms. I stood and walked around the table to shake hands with Riley. The child in Bella's arms squealed in excitement when her eyes landed on me. "Candy, candy, candy !" she exclaimed, clapping vigorously. We all laughed. "How are you suppose to ask, Bai?" Riley said in a stern yet affection way only unconditional love could muster. "Pwease." I smiled and made a show about patting my pockets down. "Uh-Oh, I'm fresh out." She giggled, hazel eyes sparkling. "Silly Unc, you a'ways have candy!" I bit down a grin, doing one final search. My hand halted as my eyes popped open. A fit of giggles escaped from Bailey's lips as she bounced about in Bella's arms. "Well, looky here." The gleam that shone from Bailey's pretty peepers could light up the whole city for weeks as she reached out to me. She transferred easily into my grip as if she'd worn me in like an old shoe. Slowly I pulled the Dum-Dum out of my front pocket. Her little hands gripped the top tightly and yanked. I held fast and turned my cheek to her. With another fit of giggles, she pecked my cheek quickly. Laughing, I let the sucker go. Ripping the wrapping in two, she popped the little round circle in her mouth with the most euphoric expression. We all laughed as I lowered her to the chair. I turned to Riley, just noticing the worry imprinted on his brow. "What's wrong?" Bella asked, registering it as well. Riley looked at his daughter who was too preoccupied to notice a stampede let alone us boring adults. Ushering us to the other side of the room, he turned to us with a steady eye on Bailey. "Beau's going in for his annual check up." I had a huge duh moment. I felt like an idiot for forgetting that Beau, Bella's brother and Riley's husband, was checking up on what his cancer was up to with Carlisle, Edward's father. His cancer had been in remission for seven years, but the doc still wanted to keep a close eye on it and no one thought it fit to argue. At that moment, I noticed that though his hair was clean, it wasn't styled like it usually was. And, even though, his clothes were there normal fashionable selves, there was a slight wrinkling to them as if they'd caught on to their owners mood and mirrored it. The poor guy was a wreck. And rightfully so. Bella hugged him abruptly, holding fast and tight as she murmured in his ear, "I'm sorry, Rye. I should've gone to see you first thing this morning." He rubbed her back in a soothing way. "It's okay. Honestly. I just couldn't stay home and I couldn't think of anywhere else to go." She squeezed him slightly, burrowing her head into his neck. "I'm glad you came." Still watching his daughter, he returned the squeeze. "Me too." He glanced at me with a sad smile before he pulled away from Bella gently. He laughed nervously, rubbing one bloodshot eye. "You'd think after all these years, I'd be use to it." Me and Bella shook our heads. I offered consoling words since Bella seemed to suddenly be at a lost for them. "It's heavy shit, man." I knocked myself a good one mentally for that award winning material. It got both of them really smiling, which mad me happy. Walking to Bailey he scooped her up, taking the mangled soaked stick and tossing it in the bin. Clearing her throat, Bella walked to them. She smiled easily at Bailey as if she hadn't just been at the brink of crying only moments ago. "I'm meeting Esme in twenty minutes to pick out things for the nursery," she said, locking eyes with Riley as she toyed with Bailey's honey ringlets. "Please come." He swallowed as he wiped under his eyes quickly, nodding. "Great!" Bella said, hugging both of them. "Wanna join?" she asked, turning to me. "Nah. Not my cup of tea." Her eyes narrowed at my joke and I grinned. "Plus, I still have stuff to do around here." She knew I was lying, but didn't push further and instead nodded at me before walking to the door and holding it open for Riley. Riley walked up to me and extended his hand. I looked at it then took it and pulled him and Bailey to me. "Everything will be fine," I said to him quietly. He gasped in surprise as Bailey giggled in my ear, both returning the hug. I let go, walking back to my chair. "Have fun," I said. Riley blinked in my direction before disappearing into the hall. Bella fixed me with a steady look, hand still on the doorknob. "Thank you." I nodded, looking down at the papers I wasn't seeing so she couldn't see all the emotions rattling inside. I heard the door close before I braved looking up. Puffing air out of my stinging chest, I closed my eyes tightly and braced myself against the suddenly spinning surface. Holly's face filled my vision. Then a montage of images rolled on through. Her on our wedding night, nervous and excited as I climbed on the bed towards her. Her with angry eyes as we fought about something ridiculous. Her smiling down at me and combing my hair as I laid my huge head on her tiny lap. Her overjoyed face telling me I was going to be a father. Her watching the sonogram as the doctor showed us we were having a boy. Then the last and most prominent one, her gray, lifeless face looking alien to me. I didn't know for certain who'd murdered my life, though I suspected strongly. It was the day of the funeral that I found out for sure. A bouquet of a dozen black roses had been delivered to my doorstep with the same exact black envelope Bella had received before the ball perched inside the stems. My regrades for your lost ones. Such a pity they had to die. -A Volcanic, blinding rage roared through me as I slammed the black parchment against the cabinet and hurled the arrangement across the room. The crystal vase exploded against the wall, tiny shards trickling down like rain as the perfectly arranged flowers tumbled alongside them. Back in the present, I opened the middle draw of my desk. Digging past pens, paper clips and post-its to find the envelope with the broken red wax seal. With shaking fingers, I gingerly reached for it as if the thing might burn me. I had been a rookie FBI agent, all gun-hoe about nabbing the infamous mob lord, Aro. And boy, was I close on his tail. He'd sent me warning after threatening warning to back the fuck off