Thanks Jellybaby for reading through this very lonnnnng chapter and fixing the large amount of grammatical errors. And to Virginiiiiiiiiiiiie for helping me with translation. Much love! A/N: I'm revamping this story. There won't be much changes in the first few chapters. But if you read the old version you'll notice the huge change in chapter 3. Also, this story has been nominated for Best Fight Scene and Hottest Lemon on Fanfic-n-tastic Awards ! Link is on my FF profile. Please be the bunch of dears I know y'all are and go vote. :D Disclaimer: I do not own any of the twilight characters, quotes, recognizable places or song references. And my cancer and assassin facts may or may not be accurate. I claim plot only. This is purely for entertainment. I hope you enjoy either way. Claimer: I did write the Poem called 'Grim' that Bella recites in Creative writing class and the song Bella's sings to Beau. I am no great poet but I try. Please review. If I'm crappy, please tell me. Warning: Rated R for graphic language, violence and sex. Blood's thicker than water, and when one's in trouble. Best to seek out a relative's open arms. - Thomas Jefferson (Bella) It was our first day of school at Forks High School. I gaped at the size. The parking lot of our school in Phoenix, Arizona was bigger than the school itself here. My family moved here because my brother, Beau, had cancer and there was a guru doctor here who ensured he could cure him. It was freezing here. It was so cold it made my teeth hurt, but I didn't care. I would have gone to Antarctica, sat with penguins in an igloo, eating raw fish if someone was there who could cure Beau. He was one year older than I, so we did not have the same classes. This made it tricky for me to watch over him. I tried not to hover or be obvious about it as I knew it would aggravate him. He hated being the boy with cancer, so I promised to keep it a secret and I would. These people meant nothing to me anyways. It was as if I had a detector for him; I could find him instantly in a crowd. I would watch him in my peripheral vision, because he had begun chemo a few weeks prior, which made him weak. He shaved his head so people believed he preferred it that way. He did not want pity; pity was weakness in our family's eyes. I had exchanged a few 'hellos' with people, but could not remember their names. I remembered the faces, because I had photographic memory. I couldn't forget their faces, even if I wanted to—some of them I really didn't care to remember. All the girls' behavior were beyond odd and irritating. Who was this Edward Cullen every single one of them kept spouting about? I walked into the cafeteria and surveyed the area; I did not spot my brother, so I made my way to the lunch line. A hand touched my ass. Before the culprit could even squeeze, I had slammed them against the wall with one arm bent at a painful angle behind their back. "What is your name, fils de pute? " I whispered into the boy's ear, sounding seductive—I could not help that; I had a sexpot voice . He grunted an obscenity in reply, while struggling, so I slammed him against the wall harder. He cried out, and I smiled. "Mike Newton," he gasped out, finally. I tousled his spiky blonde hair with my free hand. "Well, Mike Newton, if you ever touch my ass again, I will break both your hands so severely that you'll never be able to beat off again. Comprendre? " He muttered something I could not understand; his face was smashed against the wall. I grabbed chunks of his hair and yanked his head up, to repeat, " Understand? " in English. "Yes!" he cried and I smiled, while stroking his cheek with the back of my hand. "Good boy," I shoved him away from my body and watched him stumble. "Now run along and behave." I was aware I was speaking to him as if he was a dog; most boys were dogs in my book. Not that I did not appreciate the male species, but I tended to steer clear of immature boys and opted for older men. Out the corner of my eye, I saw Beau stomping my way; he was fuming. I turned and smiled; registering all the gaping and whispering but ignoring them. "What was that for?" he whispered sharply. I linked our arms and began to walk, again, to the lunch line. "The little perverti deserved it. He grabbed my ass ." Beau froze; his head snapped in my direction. "Are you serious?" "Yes." I laughed at his dumbfound expression. He shook his head after a moment. "Did you do any damage?" I shrugged, tugging him toward the lunch line. "Besides his ego—no." He smiled; I loved seeing that. Thank you, you little pervert. "He got off easy then. Remember the last guy who tried that?" I nodded, laughing at the memory as we stepped to the back of the line. "Yes. I believe his arm is partially functional. I'm sure he can still use it to walk his dog." I waggled my eyebrows at the innuendo. He doubled over laughing and a few heads turned in our direction. I smiled; loving his joy. "What am I going to do with you?" He asked, wiping tears away with the back of his hand. I shrugged. "I figured I'd direct all the attention to me so people wouldn't bother you." I whispered in his ear so only he could hear. He quickly looked at me with wide-eyed amazement and a glowing smile his face. "Thank you, soeur." "You're welcome, frère." (Edward) "Hello Edward," Jessica said breathily; trying to be seductive. Keyword, trying. I leaned against my baby; my silver Volvo. "Hello Jessica." I grinned crookedly, knowing that would fucking melt her. She pressed her body against mine and was about to say something she thought was sexy when a clean ass, midnight blue Chevy Z71 almost hit her while fucking fish tailing it into the spot next to mine, with The Hives, 'Walk Idiot Walk' vibrating the tinted windows. I instantly shoved Jessica out of the way and protected my baby with my body. I was pissed the fuck off and was about to snap when the driver leaped out and threw Jessica a withering look. She was fucking gorgeous; in a mysterious way none of these bitches could pull off. She sauntered past Jessica's shaking body. "Watch yourself, le petite." In a throaty seductive voice that instantly made my dick stir. She didn't even fucking notice me as she flitted to the passenger side where a bald guy was slumping out. He looked liked her, only stockier; it was obvious they were kin. They walked away without a second glance or apology, which only made my dick stir more. Jessica was fucking pissed. "What the fuck does ' le petite ' mean?" She butchered the pronunciation. I shrugged even though I knew it meant 'little one'. I shook my head, chuckling as I walked away from Jessica. We'd pick up where we left off later. I noticed the sexy, Chevy driver throughout the morning. She didn't seem to notice a goddamn soul, except her brother. She was watching him like a fucking hawk from the corner of her eyes, as if she was a professional bodyguard. I understood family protectiveness, but, damn, she was intense with it. My brother, Jasper, and I were sitting at our normal table in the cafeteria when the bald guy walked by. Jasper greeted him and they started talking. I was contemplating which bitch from the slew of girls I wanted to blow my load, when I heard commotion and looked up to see sexpot slamming ass-hat Newton into the wall, like a fucking cop. " Merde," the bald guy cursed under his breath. That word was common knowledge, it meant 'shit'. "Excuse me," he said fleetingly; rushing away. "Who are these fucking people?" I asked, watching sexpot tousle Newton's hair with her mouth moving right by his fucking ear. I irrationally wished I was ass-hat. "I believe they're the Swan's. They just moved here from Phoenix, Arizona, but I think they're originally from South Louisiana. Dad is treating, Beau, the one I just spoke with, for cancer." Jasper said quietly, intently watching the drama unfold. My head snapped to Jasper. "He has fucking cancer that goddamn young?" He nodded sadly. "Yes. Lung cancer if I'm not mistaken. The girl, his sister, is extremely protective over him." "I've noticed." I muttered, watching her stroke Newton's face. Little pussy looked like he was about to cry. "She's awfully strange." Jasper said, tilting his head to the side. "Not like most girls." I nodded, watching her shove Newton away, causing him to stumble. Newton scuttered away with his tail tucked in his vagina. Sexpot turned around and faced me, smiling sweetly, feigning innocence. She almost looked sheepish. She was a little conundrum. All that spunk did not go with her tiny frame, innocent chocolate eyes and sweet smile. I was fucking disappointed to see she was smiling at her bald brother and not me. He looked pissed when he whispered something to her; she merely linked their arms and tugged him along to the lunch line. They spoke while walking and everyone was gawking and whispering about them; neither of them noticed or cared. At the lunch line she must've said something funny because the bald guy doubled over laughing. I wanted to know what the fuck she said to cause that reaction. It was irritating that I wanted to do that. I normally didn't give a shit about what girls said. She said something else and the bald guy quickly looked at her with an awed expression; they were fucking pissing me off, so I looked away. I grinned crookedly at Lauren when I noticed she was eyeing me. I cocked an eyebrow at her, then nodded sideways to the exit. She smiled and nodded. I stood and walked out of the cafeteria, not bothering to look and see if she was following me. I knew she would. (Bella) We were almost to the buffet when my arm began to feel heavy. I quickly looked at my brother and noticed he was slightly swaying and his eyes were half closed. I gripped his forearm to support him. "Beau, are you okay?" I whispered in his ear. "Yeah." He whispered back; barely audible. "Have you taken your meds?" He leaned his head against my shoulder. I scanned the cafeteria; no one was watching. "No, I don't need them." he said. "Oh, yes you do." I said, louder than necessary. The girl in front of us glanced over her shoulder then quickly looked away when she saw my withering gaze. Beau sighed. "I don't want to draw attention to myself, Bella." "We won't. We'll get our food first then I'll go to my locker and get your meds. Easy, discreet." I said grabbing two trays. He sighed again. "Fine." He knew it was fruitless to argue with me. I was stubborn. After setting my brother up at a table, I slipped out the cafeteria and hauled it to my locker. When I was at my locker and scouring through the Skittles of pills my brother took, I heard moaning for the janitor's closet. Not the type of moaning that someone made when they were in pain. Oh no, these people were definitely not in pain. I laughed and almost dropped the Ziploc bag of pills. By the time I finally found the pill I needed, the moaners stepped out of the janitor's closet.