Entry for Public Lovin Fanfiction Contest hosted by GossipLips , JandMsMommy, and MissJanuary - PublicLovinFanfictionContest dot blogspot dot com - Title: Wicked, Needful Things by Dragonfly76 Beta: Shadowlynx & Meliz875 Pre-Readers: MP & Meliz875 Rating: M Pairing: Jacob/Bella/Embry Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Bella stared down the beach at the boys playing football, digging their heels into the sand. Long, slanting rays of afternoon sunlight gleamed off of their bodies. Leaning back on her elbows in the sand, dark sunglasses covering her eyes, Bella watched shamelessly as the wolves chased each other down the beach. Their warm, hard bodies dripped with sweat, muscles rippling while they moved. It wasn't lost on her that they were every woman's fantasy. It had been three years since Bella gave herself over to happiness and all that went with it. Specifically Jacob. Two years and six months since she committed herself to him, body and soul. Wherever they went, she was the envy of each girl they passed, often garnering pointed stares and jealous glances. More often than not, women slipped Jacob their phone numbers in the most shameless of ways. Cocktail napkins, movie stubs, once even a paper oil filter at the gas station. Jacob never gave them a second glance. His eyes followed Bella everywhere she went, never once considering another woman or her charms. Bella wished she could say the same. Jacob was more than sort of beautiful. That she knew. It was the foolish statement of an awkward teenage girl at the time. In fact, he was drop dead gorgeous. The problem was, all of the wolves were. Not to mention they were all horny twenty-four-seven. Over time, most of them had imprinted. Even Collin and Brady found their other halves. Seth met the girl of his dreams at a local coffee shop on the day of college orientation. It was only Leah, Jacob and Embry who had yet to imprint and nobody including Billy or the Tribal Council (the opinion of the latter meaning exactly squat to anyone) believed they would. In the case of Jacob it was simple. He had already chosen his other half. The wolf saw no one but her. There was no question about it. All of his thoughts, ideas and senses were filled with Bella. The cords which bound them were stronger than monsters or magic. Nobody understood why Leah even became a wolf. If the idea of imprinting was to perpetuate the line, then in her case it was a lost cause. On the other hand, Embry was still imprint-free as well. Not only that, but he turned the eye of every woman who walked by, including Bella's. Bella felt a little guilty from time to time that the idea of another man entered her thoughts. Yet, she couldn't help it. The very idea of Embry's hot hands clamped around her waist turned her on more than words could say. If Jacob ever knew about her little fantasies, the ones that haunted her dreams late at night, Bella felt sure he'd kill Embry and then walk away from her. So, she kept them to herself, hiding her thoughts and dreams deep inside where nobody would see them. That afternoon, gazing at them both from behind the cover of sunglasses, Bella stared without shame. So wrapped up in her own daydreams, she was startled when Leah plopped down in the sand beside her like a golden goddess in a black bikini and oversized, dark glasses. "It's hard not to watch them, huh Swan?" she noted softly. Bella said nothing, ever cautious of the heightened senses of the wolves. "It's okay. We're downwind and we're quiet. They can't hear us," Leah explained. Still she said nothing, but Leah kept running her mouth as she was often known to do. Over the years she had gone from being the pack bitch to having the reputation of the pack pot-stirrer. "I mean, don't get me wrong. They're fucking hot. All of them." Leah peeked over her sunglasses at Bella. "They're also, uh... well-endowed. Although, you got lucky. I don't know if it's the fact that he's supposed to be Alpha or if the gods just fucking blessed him, but Jacob is the biggest of the bunch." Leah cocked her head to the side, studying them appraisingly. "Though, Embry isn't far behind. If it were me," she stated wisely, "I'd fuck them both." "Jesus, Leah!" Bella spluttered, completely taken aback. "I can't believe you just said that!" Leah laughed loudly, amazed by her innocence. "It's not like they haven't thought about it." "Thought about what?" "You really are dense, Swan. Fucking you! That's what." Leah watched in satisfaction when Bella's jaw dropped to the ground. It was a risky move, planting the seed in her head. But, if it meant she wouldn't have to see that naughty fantasy again, it was worth it. She was sick and tired of the two horny asses imagining having a threesome with Skinny Ass Swan. Shit, she's so little, two of them would probably break her in half , she thought, raking her eyes up and down Bella's slim, little body. "It's not like you're a damn nun. I see exactly what you and Jake get up to in the bedroom whether I want to or not. Not only are you vocal, you're a bit of a freak," she pointed out, amused by the stain of red that crept up Bella's cheeks. "Thing is, I'm a chick. I see things they don't. For instance, I know that when you bite your lip while Jake is fucking you, that there's an erotic fantasy twisting through your lusty little brain. When you throw your head back on the pillow and close your eyes while you lose control, I know it's not just Jacob's face that flashes across your mind. It's not just his hands on your body." Figuring she'd done enough, Leah jumped up, brushing the grains of sand off from her long golden legs. Tossing her sunglasses on the blanket, she looked down at Bella one last time before racing off into the waiting surf. "The only question is... what are you gonna do about it?" Watching Jacob and Embry wrestling in the water, Bella thought to herself, what indeed? Hours later the combined warmth of the bonfire and Jacob's arms wrapped around her body relaxed Bella into submission. Through the flames she saw Embry glance at her once in awhile, making it hard to concentrate on the legends told by Billy and Old Quil. More than once that night she laughed a little too loudly, hoping the pack would not notice that she never caught the punchline of a joke. It didn't help that every so often, Jacob would lean down, the heat of his breath blowing across her cheek as he whispered in her ear that he couldn't wait to get her alone that night. Nor that he wanted to fuck her on the beach with only the fire and the moonlight for company, following each of those secretive desires with a trail of hot kisses along her shoulders and in the dip of her neck. One by one, the pack departed, the imprinted wolves all but dragging their women behind like cavemen. It was as if the very air surrounding them hummed electric with the primal need to claim their mates. Soon the sound of laughter and voices died away, the telltale silence letting her know it was just she and Jacob, alone on the beach, lounging against the trunk of a fallen tree with nothing but the moon and foamy ocean waves for company. Slowly he began to tease her, leaving a trail of wet, open-mouthed kisses along the column of her neck, pushing aside the curtain of her hair and nipping at the dip of her shoulder. Bella moaned at his touch, desperate for more of Jacob. To feel his hands all over her body. Reaching an arm up and around his neck she pulled his lips down to hers, claiming them with lustful force. His hands gripped her hips, turning her body into him, wrapping her legs around his waist. His hard cock pressed against her through the rough, denim fabric of his shorts. Wetness pooled between her legs, then in the next second with a primal growl Jacob had her flat on her back. The scent of her desire was a strong aphrodisiac, sending the wolf over the edge with unassuaged need. Never once, not even for a moment was it lost upon either one of them that at any second, a late night visitor could find them on the beach, barely concealed by the picnic tables. The glow of the fire illuminated their bodies for all to see. The fear of getting caught added to the desire driving them both. Opening her eyes, Bella expected to see his dark ones looking down at her. Instead his head was turned in another direction, a half deviant smile bent on his lips. She followed his gaze across the flames to see Embry staring at them in return, the zipper of his jeans undone with one hand wrapped around his thick, heavy cock, stroking while he watched her come undone under Jacob's skillful touch. Bella found that she couldn't stop looking. Not even when Jacob crawled down her body, tortuously removing each piece of clothing one by one. Ever so slowly he undid the strings of her bikini, as if untying a Christmas present, until her soft milky flesh glowed naked in the shadows of the fire. When his hands parted her legs while gripping her thighs tightly, Bella locked eyes with Embry, moaning as Jacob's mouth licked and sucked her pussy like a man parched with unquenchable thirst in the desert. Embry watched with dark, lustful eyes. Every sinful movement of Bella's body was made and meant to entice. An erotic dance of seduction that beckoned him forward to taste, touch and feel all she had to offer. Her skin glowed in the moonlight, the ever climbing flames of the fire matching those burning within. A small sheen of sweat had formed over her skin, shimmering like gossamer silk. Bella looked at him wickedly, wet lips parted ever so slightly, her breasts heaving with desire. Lust was written in her dark eyes. She was a needful thing, deliciously wicked and irresistible to both man and wolf. Bella shattered beneath Jacob's touch, the intensity of her orgasm tearing a scream from her throat and leaving her body shaking uncontrollably. When Jacob's lips found hers, the warm taste of her desire lingered on his tongue, making her want him all the more. Small fingers fumbled with the button of his shorts, yanking down the zipper as if begging to feel him inside of her. She pushed the offending clothing down over his hips and gripped his ass, greedy and eager. Jacob kicked them off the rest of the way, then settled his weight between her legs. She could feel the velvety skin of his cock brush against her, involuntarily sending another orgasmic shockwave through her body. "Mmm... Jacob, please..." she begged, needing to be filled and stretched beyond her limits. That was all it took. With one forceful thrust, Jacob was inside of her, roughly claiming her mouth as he fucked her hard in the sand. His lips broke from hers, sensually kissing the line of her jaw, the curve of her neck before whispering low in her ear. "Do you like that? Me fucking you hard while Embry watches?" The heavy pants of his breath sent shockwaves running down her spine. Jacob's cheek rested against hers, the words he spoke feeding the erotic atmosphere. "Does it