Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games, and anything related to it. Any other resemblance to anyone/thing or another fic is purely coincidental. *Disclaimer will remain the same throughout the story.* **Please note that there are some direct lines that I 'borrowed' from the book. I apologize in advance if there are any mistakes. Real Chapter 1 When I wake up, it's still early enough that the sun hasn't risen yet. I stare at the pitch black sky out the window. Today is the day, Prim's first reaping and until she ages out of it at nineteen, she is a potential tribute. Knowing that from the anxiety I won't be able to fall asleep again, I creep out of the cot that I share with Prim. Buttercup, sitting at Prim's knees, has awoken from my movements and bares his teeth at me in a silent growl, probably knowing not to wake up the rest of the household. I walk over to the drawer that holds our clothes, pull on my hunting boots and change into trousers and a shirt. Prim rolls over in her sleep and mumbles something incoherent, reaching out to where I would've been if I was still in the cot. I walk over to her and pull the blanket over her, and place a kiss on her forehead before walking out. I pass my parents bedroom, and grab my-or rather my father's-game bag and hunting jacket. He won't be needing it today. All the miner's have a rare day off because of the reaping, and my mother insists that he sleeps in and get some well-deserved rest. I agree with her, my father works twelve-hour shifts in the mines everyday-sometimes even more-and still goes hunting with me every Sunday, his only day off from the entire week. Before I leave, I put Prim's reaping gift for me, some goat cheese, in my pocket. Then I walk out and begin my trek to the forest. The streets are eerily quiet today. Not a surprise though, since most people will take the opportunity to sleep in any chance they get. When I reach the chain-link fence, I stop and look around, seeing nobody in sight. After fifteen minutes, I begin to get impatient. Where is he? My right foot starts tapping against the ground erratically, a sign of my impatience. Finally, I see a blond head approaching the edge of the meadow. And all of a sudden my heartbeat speeds up and I get this weird feeling-like the wings of a butterfly-in my stomach. This always happens when Peeta is near and I don't know why. When Peeta stops in front of me, I scowl at him in annoyance for being late. Seeming to read my mind, he puts both his hands up in defence. "I got lost on the way here! And, mind you, I would've been later if an old man hadn't stopped me and asked where I was going, saying I looked more lost than a fish living on land," Peeta says shaking his head as if he can't accept the fact that he had just been compared to a weird fish. I snicker, hoping Peeta didn't hear it but I'm guessing he did when he narrows his eyes at me. He gives an exasperated huff, but doesn't say a word. I slip under the weak spot of the fence-after checking to see if it's activated-and hold it up so Peeta can slide under. He does so with a little bit of difficulty, being broader than me and not used to doing this, but eventually, he joins me on the other side. Peeta only gets to come with me into the forest when he has a day off from working at the bakery. Which is almost never, except for reaping days and his birthday. Heck, his mother almost made him work on his birthday too. I take my bow out of the hollow of a tree, even though I won't be hunting today. It's more of a precaution than anything. We reach our regular spot in ten minutes, a large old tree with a wide bark that curves naturally inwards from the base of the tree to about half my height and oddly, the long, thick roots grow on both sides of it, creating a perfect place for two people to sit. And dandelions grow all around it, making it look like something straight out of a fairytale. Suddenly, Peeta stops walking abruptly, resulting in me walking straight into his back. "Whoa!" I grasp at Peeta's shoulders, steadying myself. "Why did you stop?" "Well, don't you think that our spot looks a bit.. different?" "What are you talking abou- oh." I understand that he means the dandelions. Dandelions are a significant reminder of how our friendship started, so a few months ago in spring, I gathered some of the dandelions growing in the meadow and planted them here. And by planted I mean childishly blew dandelion spores, hoping that they would grow. Well, clearly they did. "Wait, did you...did you plant them here?" I feel my cheeks flush with color, and I get that weird feeling again. That seems to be enough of an answer for Peeta because he doesn't press the matter anymore. "You know what they remind me of?" He muses. "The day we became friends?" "Mmhmm." Peeta hums in agreement. I still remember that day from eleven years ago as if it were just yesterday. I was packing up my lunchbox when I felt Peeta Mellark staring at me, again. He has been constantly staring at me ever since that day I sang The Valley Song in front of the class. It's making me uncomfortable and self-conscious. I want to approach him but I was scared. I saw something out of the corner of my eye. It was a dandelion. 'Katniss, did you know that dandelions represent hope and strength?' Rang daddy's voice in my ear. I had shook my head and asked him why. 'Because, once you see the first dandelion of the year, be assured that soon, spring will be coming to relieve us of the cold, harsh, winter and you feel hope. The dandelion is a brave and stubborn little plant, always growing wherever the wind carries them to with courage to explore the unknown. And, if you tried to get rid of them they would just keep on coming back again and again even if no one seeded where they grow. Dandelions are also one of our food sources, for their roots are edible. Katniss, a dandelion is so much more than just a mere weed.' So, I gathered what little courage I had and made my way across the courtyard. When I stopped in front of him, he was staring off into space, probably daydreaming. I cleared my throat and his eyes snapped to my face. "Hi," I said, clasping my hands behind my back, feeling incredibly shy all of a sudden. "Hey," he said just as softly, a light pink tinting his cheeks. "Why do you always stare at me?" I blurted out after a few moments of awkward silence. My eyes widened and I covered both my hands over my mouth, as if to take back my blunt words. I'm not good with words, and I'm not sensitive, but even I knew that what I had just said was unintentionally harsh. My suspicions were confirmed when I saw tears welling up in his eyes. "I didn't mean to, it's just your singing is so pretty. You're very pretty too," he murmured, almost inaudible, looking down at his shoes. I instantly felt bad. Here I was thinking he was staring at me because I was ugly or a freak but no, he was staring at me because I was pretty. And now I had just made him cry. I'm a horrible person. But I figured the least I could do was comfort him. S o I threw my arms around him and kissed his cheek. It was something daddy does to mommy when she's upset 'cause he came home late from the mines. Luckily, it seemed to soothe Peeta and he stopped crying, but the occasional sniffle could be heard from him. Fumbling around for the handkerchief in my pocket, I wiped the remaining tears away with it. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you cry. How about I make it up to you by being friends with you?" "Really? You mean it?" He had pulled away then, and was looking at me with disbelief. Then, his face fell. "You only wanna be my friend 'cause you feel bad don't you?" "Well, yes, that was the reason at first." I admitted and he looked even sadder. "But..." I hesitated. "You seem nice and well, no one's ever called me pretty before." I finished lamely. He looked shocked by my revelation. "Really? No one?" I shook my head. It was true, not even daddy had called me pretty before. "So will you be my friend?" I asked hopefully. Suddenly, I don't why, I really want to be friends with Peeta. When just half an hour ago I couldn't care less. I guess there's just something about him that drew me to him during our short encounter. "I...erm...uh..." Peeta stammered as if he lost the ability to speak. "Nevermind then." And just like that, I was the one with tears in my eyes. I turned and walked away, desperately trying not to let the tears roll down my face. I had barely gotten a meter away when I was suddenly knocked to the ground by someone crashing into me. It was Peeta. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry I tripped when I was chasing after you and well, I do want to be your friend." He said, getting up and offering a hand to pull me up. Did I hear right? Does he really want to be my friend? I must've said that out loud because Peeta smiled and nodded. I was so happy that I couldn't even form any sentences. In the end I just settled for a simple "OK." Peeta's smile grew into a grin and it was so contagious that I felt my face spreading into a grin too. We pulled each other in for a hug. "Hold on," Peeta said suddenly. "You have something in your hair." He pulled away and showed me a dandelions between his fingers. I just realised that I had fallen in a patch of dandelions. I brightened. "It's a sign you know." "A sign?" Peeta echoed. "Yup, a sign that our friendship will give each other hope and strength." And I proceeded to explain to Peeta what a dandelion represents and how it led me to confronting him. "So they're magical flowers?" I'd never thought of dandelions as magical before, but after today, I could believe that it is. "Hmm, well I suppose so. But a dandelion is a week," I frowned, remembering daddy's words. "It's a weed but it's not a weed. It's more than that." "So they're magical dandelions then!" "Yep," I said fully believing that they are now. "Daddy said that if you make a wish then blow on the dandelion, it will come true." "Well then, what are we waiting for? Let's make a wish!" So, Peeta and I put our faces close to the dandelion that he's holding. "On the count of three?" I asked. Peeta nodded. "One." His eyes are closed, hiding his blue eyes which are bluer than the lake in the forest. And his face is so close to mine. I've never been so close to a boy before. From here I can see the mop of curls on his head the color of spun gold to his incredibly long eyelashes. And his mouth which is plump and pink and looks so soft. I wondered if it really was as soft as it looked. "Two." I don't know what to wish for,