Introduction: The war is over, but it continues to rage within me. My eyes open and my eye close, but somehow the time is lost between the setting and the rising. I wake to the morning's light, but every breath that I breathe brings the hand that ties my chest in knots. Where have I gone? I feel distant- almost as if I am disconnected from what I once knew…what I once thought necessary for my survival. I'm lacking contact, but I continue fighting against closeness. I hate being alone, but I hate owing others for their compassion more. I miss the arms that once consoled me…the fingers that once brushed the hair away from my sweaty forehead. Peeta was always so brave for me…always so willing to save me from the nightmares that he experienced and relived himself. And all for what? To be rejected by my unrealistic attempts at romance. Now I fear the moments when mutations project on the back of my eyelids- the moments when I am left alone to the tormentors of my subconscious. How willingly I once beckoned Peeta to my bed...only to dismiss his affections in the morning when the nightmares had dissipated. How desperately I needed him then…how desperately I feel I need him now. Now…always now with me. I am impatient with my intentions, and must learn to question my every quarry. Was I simply using Peeta to level my instability…or was it more? Is it still more? I close my eyes in confusion and drown myself within the coma that my mother created after my father's death. I never understood how hate…how fear…how hostility… could drive anyone to such extrication. Yet I seem to understand now. I have become the woman that I loathed as a child- the woman selfishly consumed by death. The death that I saw…the death that I caused. A shiver shocks my spine as I am overcome by flash backs. Yes, I was trained to be strong, but my days of being the Mockingjay are over. I no longer am brave like I used to be. Rather I am a coward, devoid of the courage I once encompassed. Anxiously, I begin to pace the living room. I walk to the window, inhaling the fresh air blowing through the curtains. Though the smell of spring lingers in the wind, I can still detect the distinct scent of primroses. Naturally I am reminded of Prim and feel my throat tighten with guilt. She should have been spared instead of me…she was everything that this broken world needed. However her innocence was corrupted by the Capitol, and I remain in her place, mentally and physically unstable. I hold back my tears now. How badly I wish Peeta was here to wrap me in his arms- the arms that once provided me my only sense of security. Out of culpability, I stare at my hands before me and clench them into fists. Compared to Peeta, I have such worthless hands- hands that have let everything slip through their fingertips. Hands that have hurt more they have helped. I squeeze my eyes shut, determined to deter the inevitable images from forming. Despite my efforts, though, they repeatedly reveal a gruesome reminder of Prim's death…the way her face warped as her skin seared- the way her hands twisted as her body succumbed to the ashes of a hundred other innocent children. I fall to the floor, unaware of anything but the fire behind my eyes. It hurts to acknowledge that I have lost everything…and it hurts more to accept that I could not control the outcome. In reality, I have had little to no choice in the events that have unfolded within the last two years of my life. The Hunger Games, the Victory Tour, the Star-Crossed Lovers from District 12, the Quarter Quell, the Rebellion, the Mockingjay…I have always been doing what I've been told, and I suppose that is what scares me the most- I sacrifice myself so willingly. I pull my knees to me chest and breathe deeply through my nose. Inhale, exhale , I remind myself of the action that Dr. Aurelius encouraged me to do during times of anxiety. Oh, anxiety …I hate feeling anxious, and I hate being alone when these waves of panic overtake me… will it ever stop? Will it ever really end? At least there is condolence when Buttercup comes to console me…or to be consoled by me. It makes no difference, though. After the death of Prim, we readily realized our similarities and the comfort in one another's company. Prim was our grounding- our sense of calm within chaos. Without her, there was no reason for us not to be friends. After all, how could we neglect our need to be reminded of her legacy? Sensing my sadness, Buttercup nudges against the side of my face, purring sympathetically into my ear. I thank him for his understanding and lovingly wrap my arms around him. Burrowing my face into his fur, I allow sleep to consume me. Chapter 1: My rest is short lived. Nightmares have replaced my dreams, and it seems fear has overcome what little hope I have left. I lift my body from the floor. Through the window, I see that the sun has begun to rise. Red, orange, and yellow lights emerge from the darkness and sprawl across the hardwood floor. If my mother was here, she would have interpreted this as a metaphor of optimism. I can hear her voice now, "A new day, a new start, Katniss." But I'm belligerently bitter and can only mutter a phrase of cynicism. "A new day, a new hell, mother." I chide. My callousness temporarily cracks as my lips curl into a smile. With my new-found sarcasm, my spirits seem to have improved. I decide against sleeping and put on my leather jacket and boots. Today is a day for hunting , I conclude. I close the door behind me and breathe in the fresh air. With no walls to entrap me, I feel free- the woods have always been my escape. I walk the path to the woods with certainty- more certainty than I have since returning to District Twelve. After crying, my head feels clearer and my body feels lighter. My teachers would have related this to the endorphins released after crying- relieving pain and promoting optimism- but I know there to be an explanation beyond the biological. It is just the woods. Dr. Aurelius claimed it to be my nature therapy. And therapy it is. Springtime has embraced the woods, and all appears to be new in its vibrancy. The mockingjays sing overheard, and I am lost within the world that my father and Gale first introduced to me to. The spring used to be my favorite season. With the snow off of the trails, I could come and go as I pleased without fear of being found out. Considering game was most plentiful during this season, Gale and I even had time to spare. We would sit in the meadow and watch as buds bloomed and the mothers of animals taught their young. We wouldn't speak...we didn't have to. Within the silence, there was enough that was spoken between the two of us. My and Gale's relationship was simple in that sense. I smile at the thought of my loved ones and raise my head to meet the sun. For the first time since returning to District Twelve, I feel warmth course through me. This has always been my home. This will always be my home. I begin to reacquaint myself with my bow, taking time to aim every arrow. My hands still shake, but I refuse to let this relinquish my efforts. Rather, I start practicing with targets, watchfully raising and releasing each shot. Once I gain a sense of steadiness, I move on to targeting squirrels. Though my first kill is sloppy, I manage to put an arrow through a rabbit's eye on my fourth attempt. With my re-instated skill and confidence, I fully lose myself within the woods and begin to set up small snares and fishing nets in the stream. As the day progresses, I even collect wild herbs for cooking and medicinal use like my mother taught me. I suppose I needed this day more than I knew. Being alone in the forest has made me remember who I am…but it has also reminded me of Gale. I stop walking as suddenly as I had started. Although I had acknowledged that I would never hunt with Gale again, I had never allowed myself to accept it. How could I? The man that I allowed myself to trust killed my sister…How could anyone bear to accept that? Whether intentional or unintentional, accident or not; I could never see Gale again. The warmth that I possessed hours ago leaves me, and I feel exhaustion take its place. When fatigue fully finds me, I have to rest despite my reservations. I choose a budding tree to sit beneath and close my eyes. At first I am with Gale, walking along the forest path- too close to be just friends. He closes his hand around mine as we enter the clearing…and then the world turns to black. I hear Rue's voice calling my name. I stumble through the darkness trying to find her. However, when light finally shines before me, I see a spear burrowed in her stomach and blood pouring into her cupped hands. I scream, but a growl soon engulfs the volume of my terror. Within minutes, I see the mutation's eyes- their canine, yet human eyes. As they bare their teeth and bark with brutality, I feel my body cower. Preparing for their teeth to sink into my flesh, I accept my own death. Their teeth never come, though. Instead a roar of agony escapes from Peeta's mouth, causing my eyes to shut out of fear. When I open them, I suddenly am standing atop the cornucopia, holding my bow and arrow. I do not help Peeta, though. Rather, from a bird's eye view, I watch as his limbs are torn from his body and the last cries of pain part from his lips. I never flinch…I never feel the formidable feelings that I should. I am unexpectedly emotionless- devoid of the human condition. I carelessly look upon Peeta's mutilated body and decide to take the nightlock berries from my pocket. I stare at them in anticipation. There is nothing left for me…this is it , I think. I raise the berries to meet my lips, but before I can commence my own death, President Snow stands before me. I smell the roses that have always made my stomach stir. Snow looks at me in concern. "Oh, Katniss, I thought we agreed not to lie to each other?" Abruptly my eyes open, and I find myself lying within a field of dandelions. I'm shaking, but I do not feel afraid. I have understood my dream, and I have found reassurance within its meaning. There is hope…not the kind of hope that my mother promised a new day would bring; but the kind of hope that these dandelions once represented to me as a child… the kind of hope that Peeta once gave to me. I bask in the yellow of the dandelions, regaining my strength. The sun is setting, and the field and sky have become a blur of warm colors. It's beautiful to look at, but I know that I cannot stay. Before I leave, though, I gather a few dandelions and place them with my other collected plants. "As a reminder," I whisper to myself. I start on my way home, one foot in front of the other. I'm slower than I'd like to be, but I don't press my precincts. Instead I maintain a slow pace and revel in the lushness of the green around me. As I walk, I