QFLC Round Five Chaser 1: Write about a character demonstrating resilience after a personal trauma/tragedy Prompts: 3 (dialogue) "I wish you had told me before I… " / "What? Before you what?", 10 (song) Amnesia - 5 Seconds of Summer, 13 (colour) ruby red Word Count: 2,959 Thank you Erica and Xanda for betaing :) It never crosses Katie's mind that preparing for a game of Quidditch can feel surreal. Perhaps her feelings are the reason why she's standing and staring at her reflection for longer than usual. While the clock on the wall of her dorm room ticks again—and again —she takes another glance at the uniform of the Gryffindor Quidditch team that she is wearing. It used to be exactly her size, but after the months she has spent in recovery, she lost weight. Now, the trousers and jumper are loose around her body. Her brown eyes flick to the reflection of her face, and a hint of confusion becomes visible in her expression, as if she is trying to figure out the connection between the body she is seeing and the body she remembers. After letting her gaze linger on herself for a few more seconds, Katie uses the hairband around her wrist to pull her hair up into a high ponytail. She holds up her chocolate brown hair while trying to avoid any misplaced curls, and ties it three times. She may have not played Quidditch for six months, but she remembers perfectly well that the tighter she ties her hair, the less it will bother her while playing. Her hand hurts once she's done and the witch flexes her fingers into a fist a few times to make the feeling go away. Then, she uses the same hand to open her small closet. Although she intended to simply take out her broom, Katie freezes at the sight of something in her closet—a coat to be exact. Its ruby red color makes it impossible to miss the piece of clothing, and she swallows at the sight of it. It's almost like a switch has been flipped; suddenly, the thought of going outside—particularly to fly —is the last thing Katie wants to do. She prefers to stay in her room, between the warm and safe sheets of her bed. Although it happened half a year ago, she remembers the pain that hit her as if it happened yesterday. The agonizing pain is the only thing she remembers from the time she was cursed, yet she's aware that she was wearing the red coat that day and when it happened. Her muscles tense as she feels the urge to hurry back into her bed. Fortunately, the Chaser quickly scolds herself. You've been in a bed for four bloody months during your recovery, you're not spending more time than you need in there. Slowly, and with a shaking hand, Katie reaches past the coat and pulls out her broom. Then, she hurries out of the room, afraid she'll change her mind. The afternoon sun is softly shining upon the Hogwarts grounds when Katie steps out of the castle. The air, however, is still a little cold, creating great weather for Quidditch. The brunette makes her way towards the field, and sets her gaze on it to purposely ignore the looks people have been giving her since the moment she got back from St. Mungo's. She holds her head high and clenches her jaw as she tries not to pay attention to the eyes that are following her, very much like she would do after losing a Quidditch match. As soon as she sees the familiar black and yellow uniform of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, Katie wonders if the world finds joy in causing her pain. She takes one quick glance at the players in front of her with a polite smile on her lips, until she spots him. Maximus Henderson's eyes are already set on her, and she quickly looks away. Apart from looking tired, the Hufflepuff Beater looks like his usual self. His blond hair is brushed away from his face, his eyes are as blue as the ocean, and he is wearing a thoughtful and calculating expression that she has seen many times before. It feels like time slows down when the group of Hufflepuffs passes by her. The memories of the times she spent with Max force their way into her head, and Katie wishes for the moment to be over as quickly as possible. Her jaw tightens even more and she forces herself to focus on looking for her teammates around the wide Quidditch field. Once the blond is out of her sight, she sighs in relief. Fortunately, the curly-haired witch is soon distracted by several members of the Gryffindor team, who take flight on their brooms. Harry Potter, the captain and the boy she needs to talk to, stays on the ground along with Ginny Weasley. The pair seems to be having a serious conversation about something. Katie doesn't really want to interrupt them, but she prefers it over thinking about the boy who hurt her. Ginny is the first to notice her, and she instantly smiles at the Chaser. "Katie, how are you?'' "Good,'' Katie says, hoping to sound convincing. She sees Harry eyeing her and adds, "I'm ready to get back on the broom.'' Unlike the girl next to him, Harry wears an uncomfortable look. "You want to play again?'' he asks, making Katie wonder why he doesn't seem to like the idea. Feeling defensive, Katie crosses her arms over her chest and says, "Yeah, I want to participate in the next match.'' The Boy-Who-Lived begins to stutter. She thinks it's because of how Ginny and her are staring at him. "There's…'' he says and pauses to swallow. "I mean, no- of course, it's great…'' "Harry, speak clearly and slowly,'' Ginny tells him slowly, as if she is talking to a child. After sighing and taking another short pause, Harry says, "Letting you participate in the upcoming match might be a problem. Obviously, it's great to have you back. I just wish you would have told me that you were coming back sooner, before I…'' A worried frown settled on Katie's face and a bad feeling settles in her stomach. She knows she isn't going to like what he's about to tell her. "Before you what? What's wrong?'' she asks, her nervousness making her sound angry. Instead of replying, Harry glances quietly at the younger girl by his side. He looks like he's desperate for Ginny to intervene and save him. She looks at him challengingly. In the meantime, Katie considers slapping him. "I might have told everyone that Dean will be replacing you until the end of the school year,'' Harry confesses eventually. "And, to be honest, I'm not sure the team can adjust to you in such a short period of time. Our next match is in four days.'' It feels like a bucket of cold water has been dumped over Katie. She thought that getting back to playing Quidditch on the Gryffindor team would go smoothly. She was obviously wrong. That's my fault , she tells herself. Years of being a Chaser and playing alongside Angelina and Alicia, who she was very close to, made her automatically think of the team as her home and the place she will always be welcome. Of course, she isn't wrong, but there's more to the sport than friendship; spending a long time alone made her forget that. After all, she is part of a sports team and that puts what's best for team first. Katie can understand that and she soon realizes that she certainly can't blame Harry for wanting what's best for the team, especially as its captain. With a sad smile, Katie nods and says, "Of course. It's fine, you're right. You know what? On second thought, I think I need more time before getting back on the field.'' Feeling silly and embarrassed, the brunette begins to walk backwards to get away from the scene. Hiding in her bed is, again, a very tempting idea. She takes a glance around and sees a few of her teammates looking at her with either surprise or curiosity. Dean Thomas, her replacement, definitely looks surprised. "Wait,'' Ginny protests after throwing an angry glare at Harry. "You don't have to leave.'' Even though Katie is thankful for the redhead's behavior, she shakes her head. "I'm not ready yet, Ginny. I'll see you later, have fun,'' she says, hoping that the smile she gives the pair looks convincing. Before anyone else can try to stop her, the Chaser turns around and leaves the pitch. Her smile fades within seconds. Disappointed and angry with herself, Katie purses her lips and pulls the hairband out of her hair. Soon, she notices a certain blond who is looking at her worriedly. She wants to groan. She was sure he had already left and that she could at least not worry about having him around. Merlin, is nothing going to be easy for me? Max's arms are crossed over his chest, yet he looks worried and his expression is softer than usual. His gaze is set on her and Katie hates the fact that she wishes things between them were fine again. He's a good listener and comforting her is something he learned to do quite well. The Gryffindor could use those qualities right now. She remembers all of their good moments together; the flirting that always made her feel butterflies in her stomach, the smiles that were exchanged during meals in the Great Hall, and how he would break his serious expression so often around her. As much as she wishes she could forget these things, Katie also misses them so badly that her chest hurts. When she snaps out of her thoughts, she looks away and hurries past him. Frustration of how this day turned out replaces the feeling of her broken heart and she heads back to her dorm, contemplating taking a nap to forget her troubles. A day later, Katie is making her way back to the Quidditch field. This time, she is wearing a warm jumper and a simple pair of jeans rather than her Gryffindor robes. The sun is setting in the horizon, painting the sky in soft shades of blue, orange and pink. The field itself is empty, which is exactly what Katie hoped for. Once she's on the grass, she sits on her broom. Usually, she'd fly up with ease, but things have changed. She holds her broom with two hands and looks around. Her eyes scan the place, looking high into the stands to make sure nobody is watching. The Chaser hasn't been afraid of flying since her first year, and considering these are her last months in Hogwarts, she feels pathetic for hesitating. I wish they would have told me how to deal with this fear in recovery, instead of letting me sleep through the first few months, Katie thinks bitterly and readjusts her grip. ''One, two, three,'' she whispers, before kicking off the ground. Her broom takes flight quite slowly, yet the curly-haired girl immediately tightens her hold on it and her knuckles turn white. She watches with wide eyes as she gets further away from the ground. Her heart beats faster, but she tries to face her fears instead of running away. When she feels like she's getting too far, she pulls her broom towards her, bringing it to a stop. Her lips part and close every time she slowly inhales and exhales. Glancing down, she sees that her hands are trembling. Without anything to hold onto that isn't her Nimbus 2000, she feels like a leaf in the wind. Trying to hold back her panic and her tears, Katie closes her eyes. She continues to breath slowly. You need to do this so you'll be able to play Quidditch again, she reminds herself. As a distraction,