Chapter 1: Wake Up Call I woke up in that state of panic that you get when you're in a bed that isn't your own. It didn't take me long to remember, though. The realization of my situation was like a punch in the face (which I was sure to receive plenty of in the weeks to come). This is the third morning in a row that I've had this happen. I took a deep breath to calm down, and every breath after that seemed like a blessing. I kept wishing I could lock them away to save for later. The breath did little to ease my tension and anxiety, and I subconsciously squeezed my fist into the plush sheets I was tangled in. A knock at my door sent a sound that echoed loudly through the room. It sounded suspiciously like the cannons. Another wave of panic shot through me once I remembered that a cannon would signify my demise in the near future. Her voice was loud and painful to my ears, even though it was muffled by the door. "Pet, breakfast in fifteen." She barked. I winced at her harsh tone. Why did she have to be so... bitter? She called out to me again, but I didn't listen. I pulled a pillow from underneath my head and slammed it onto my face, groaning loudly. Mags would be irritated, but they were sending me to die in a few days. I should be allowed some attitude. No matter how much I wanted to lay in bed all morning, my stomach was nearly screaming for food. With a loud, dramatic sigh, I threw the pillow across the room and flung the blankets off of me. I pushed myself up into a sitting position with my elbows. I stood up too quickly, because I felt dizzy for a moment. I could see myself in the vanity mirror across the room. I nearly cringed. My hair was tangled and my eyelids were smudged with makeup leftover from yesterday. My mother, if she had seen me now, would have joked that elves snuck into my room in the night and tied my hair in tiny, individual knots. I smiled at the thought and walked into the bathroom adjacent to my temporary bedroom. I stripped out of the blue silk pajamas that the Capitol had supplied me with and dropped them onto the tile floor. The door was left ajar, but I didn't care. The bedroom door was locked, so I was sure no one would be coming in. Not even him. Once I was completely nude, I pushed three buttons on the intricate shower before me. The water turned on, and to test the temperature, I ran my hand underneath it. It was perfect, as usual. I stepped inside and closed the glass door behind me. The force of the water was so strong that it felt like tiny pebbles trickling onto my bare back. The feeling of being surrounded by water reminded me of home, and I rested my head calmly against the wall. I was eight years old. Dad cast his line and smiled down at me. He made fishing look so easy! I tried to smile back up at him, but the gesture looked more like a cringe from the sun in my eyes. I held my pole tightly to my chest, afraid to cast it and humiliate myself with my lack of experience. His line was slightly loose, hanging in the water perfectly still. In the blink of an eye, it tightened and began to pull away from him. He caught one! He pulled it towards him and up, and started to reel it in. I stood in awe, and I accidentally dropped my own pole to the ground. The usually calm water rippled violently as a trout flew from its dark blue surface. I could see the hook lodged in its lip. It started to flop around desperately, and my eyes started to water. I grabbed onto my father's pant leg. "Daddy, you're hurting it! Put it back! Let it go!" I pleaded. He looked down at me. He wasn't smiling, though. His eyes were completely serious. He looked at me for a moment before nodding and kneeling onto the wet grass. He didn't care that his pants would dampen. He held the helpless fish carefully. I stood by his side silently, and realized with a smile that I was the same height as he was while he knelt. I had never seen him concentrate so intently as he had in this moment. He slowly twisted the hook in such a way that I could almost see the relief in the trout's eyes. After the hook was successfully removed, my dad held the fish out to me. I held it carefully in my small hands, afraid to hurt it. But it was in vain. I had waited too long to put it back. It stopped flopping around in my hands suddenly. In a moment of panic, I threw it into the water. But rather than swimming away like I thought it would, it floated back up to the surface. I ran into the water until it was up to my neck and picked up the fish. I screamed at it through sobs, insisting that it woke up. In a second, my father was behind me with a firm hand on my shoulder. He said that it wasn't my fault, but it died in my hands. I knew I'd killed it. I raised my head from the wall and frowned. That was the last time I'd gone fishing with my father. I'd gone with Delphie and Ash and on my own, but not with him. Every time he would invite me, I would remember the dead trout in my hands. The way it's eyes seemed to be frozen. The way it floated in the water. I would immediately refuse. Delphie, my older sister, used to joke that I shouldn't have been born in District 4, but rather in District 7. I would always climb trees. Delphie would have to help me down, though. Getting up and getting back down are two very different things. I was 10, sitting in the highest branch of the oak tree that could support me. I could see Delphie way down on the ground, arms crossed in their usual manner. I had been sitting in that branch for an hour and a half before Del had heard me calling for help. She was annoyed, to say the least. She had been fishing in a nearby pond when I realized how high up I'd climbed. When she heard me screaming, she rushed over. "Pet, just put your right foot on the branch below you and your left on that branch right there." Del called up to me, pointing vaguely at the tree. She was so far away, and I couldn't tell which branches she meant. I was terrified, but I trusted her with my life. I put my right foot cautiously on the branch directly underneath me. I clutched onto the branch I was currently on for dear life, and dropped my left foot onto a random branch. It turned out to be the one Del was talking about due to her words of encouragement. "Good job, honey. Now just do that again!" She called up. She'd done this many times before, but I'd never been up quite this high. I managed to drop down about ten feet without her help, but I foolishly looked down at her. This in itself was enough to shatter any courage I had had. I scrambled over to the base of the tree and hugged it, trying to keep my breathing even. Hot tears ran down my cheeks and I felt a searing pain on my right forearm. I looked, and saw a scary amount of blood. I had scraped it on a broken branch in my panic. "Pet, sweetie, what's wrong?" I could hear the worry in her voice. When I didn't respond, she stepped away from the tree in an attempt to see me again. "Honey, what's going on?" My arm was still bleeding, painting the tree crimson. My silence drove Del over the edge and she began to quickly climb the tree to get to me. I sat still, not knowing what to do. Delphie got to my branch and sat next to me awkwardly. "Sweetie, c'mon. You're okay." She whispered soothingly. Unfortunately, her soothing tone disappeared once she saw my arm. "Oh my gosh, Pet, what happened?" She shouted. I didn't say a word and shrugged, staring at the tree. She unwrapped my arms from around it and looked at my wound. Her wince was painfully obvious. That's when the branch we were on snapped. I looked at my right arm. The scar was more visible than I would have liked it to be. On my other arm, there were scars that formed a criss-cross pattern on my wrist. This was from teaching myself to fish, which admittedly wasn't the best idea. I could have asked Del to help me, but I preferred doing things alone. I shook my head, shoulder length hair flying in each direction. I stepped out of the shower and pressed a small black button to shut the flow of water off. I wrapped a plush, periwinkle towel around me, and a second towel around my hair. I walked into the bedroom and saw that my bed was made. This struck a nerve in me. Of course, I have no privacy. The Capitol has taken everything from me. My family, my 'friends', my house, my home, my privacy, and soon enough they'd be indirectly taking my life. I sighed in annoyance and got dressed. I put on a plain black tank top with blue sweatpants. Underneath I wore a grey sports bra and plain white underwear. No socks, though. I much preferred bare feet. Mags would hate it, but I didn't really care. I checked the time on the clock hanging on the dark blue walls. Mags told me about breakfast half an hour ago. I was late. I smirked slightly. I opened my bedroom door and walked towards the dining room. An array of smells hit me like a ton of bricks. Oatmeal., bacon, fresh fruit, freshly baked bread, tea, coffee, and other smells I couldn't recognize. But by the time I reached the 12 person table, only Mags sat there. Her plate, full of food, sat untouched in front of her. The other plates around her were dirty and had obviously already been eaten off of. "You're late." She stated bluntly, staring at me intensely. If looks could kill, she'd already have killed my family and I. "I had to shower." I said nonchalantly. "You didn't have to do anything." She scolded. I decided to throw a curveball. "You know, you look really pretty today, Mags." I said with a smile. That certainly caught her off guard, and she blushed a bit. Her eyes avoided mine, not knowing how to handle the compliment. I shrugged and sat across the table from her. I immediately began to shovel food on my plate. Once it was nearly overflowing, I began to eat as quickly as possible. Once I had taken my first bite, Mags took hers. I had finished half of my plate, maybe more, when she broke the silence. "So you made an alliance last night?" She mumbled. This caught me off guard, and I nearly choked on an apple slice that was in my mouth. I was lucky and didn't choke. Instead, I went into a fit of violent coughing. Of all of the things she could have asked! Once I could breath again, I cleared my throat. "Yeah, I did." "Why her though?" "Because I think she actually has a chance. She seems strong, both physically and mentally. I think that District 12 might get their