A/N: So, uh hi everyone! I'm back. I know I haven't finished Fate Interrupted yet and I swear I will, I'm just kind of at a road block with that story. Now, this little plot bunny down below hit me during class. Some of the events in the classroom actually happened, hence how I got my idea for this story. It IS NOT beta'd so, any mistakes are my own, I will own them and fix them as they are found, promise. So, it is a one shot for now. If I get good reviews, I might make it a full blown fic. So, if you like let me know! One more thing, I decided to change my pen name, some of you might know me as j-nayjohnson, but I will now be under Blue Eyed Ducky. So, enjoy this and see you at the bottom! It was early September. I was sitting in my Math 035 class waiting for it to start at a Greene County High. I'm not in high school though. I decided to save on money and take as many of my GE classes at a community college and then transfer to a four year school when I could afford to. I wanted to take the majority of my classes online and I do. However, the math classes I need can only be done in an actual classroom setting, so here I sit. I don't really interact with anyone here, not because I'm anti-social or anything, I just didn't really fit in with the other people in here. On one side of the room, you have the just out of high school group, the girls in this group are dressed up like they are going out clubbing, not sitting in a night class. Then across the way, you have the older crowd. This mix of people includes a 50 year old vet, a 42 year old mom and a few others that I don't really know. I fall into a category in the middle. I'm 26, single and quiet. I made sure I was super early tonight because they had some big school meeting going on tonight and I swear half the town showed up to this thing. Parking here sucked on a normal night, tonight though they were parking on the street, which is probably why my normally punctual professor is late. I glance around the room, the teacher to whom it belongs to had a very strong appreciation for football, both European and American. I look over at his desk and on the cork board behind it I notice something new. A simple, yet colorful drawing of what looks like three stick like people. One was obviously taller than the other two, and in between the smaller two all three had orange red hair and what looked like green eyes. This particular masterpiece had the trio standing on grass in front of a house. Across the top it says, 'We love you, Daddy!' in what was obviously children's writing. I smile. Every week there's a new one. Always 2 boys and their dad doing various activities, I remember one from a few weeks ago that had them dressed as super heroes and had 'we love our Super Dad' done in a dark red. I can't help but wonder where the mother is in all this. Did she die? Or did she abandon them? Maybe she's a hooker, and he has full custody of them. The possibilities are endless, I suppose. Out of the corner of my eye, I notice someone walking into the room. Glancing up, expecting to see our professor, I instead see a very tall, well fit man come strutting in and heading straight for the teacher's desk. He looks absolutely gorgeous. This was apparently his room. Even though crude, the dad in the child's drawing was definitely him. He had copper colored hair, and clear pale skin. Perfect. This man was absolutely perfect. He must have felt me staring at him because he paused, his pursuit of whatever elusive paper he was looking for momentarily forgotten, and looked up. I think my heart stopped. He had amazing emerald green eyes. I couldn't look away even if I had wanted to. A cocky smirk appeared on his face, and I couldn't help the blush that grazed my cheeks. He mouths a 'Hi' to me and then goes back to search his desk. I looked away, unable to hide my fiery cheeks and covered my face with my hands. Never has a guy made me that flushed before. It was at that time I noticed the whore patrol whispering quite loudly. "Who is that?" I heard one of the blondes ask, Lauren I think her name was. "Oh, that's Edward Cullen. This is his room. He teaches Social Studies and Humanities here. I had him my senior year. He's totally single, although he does have two kids. Personally, that just ruins the hot factor for me. Otherwise the second I walked across that stage, I would have been all over him." Apparently the other blonde, Jessica graduated from here and seriously, a man with kids ruins the "hot factor"? I have a feeling that Mr. Edward Cullen with his children would be totally hot. Not one to be easily deterred, Lauren spoke loud; I'm sure for Edward's benefit mostly. "Wow for a single Dad, he sure is hot. I wonder if he'd give me his number." I roll my eyes. Subtlety, thy name is not Lauren. I glance back over to where Edward is still standing, hunched over his desk. He's looking over a paper on his desk, his head is bowed and he looks like he's trying to sit still, but it's not working. A short laugh manages to come bubbling out, but he quickly covers it with a cough. He grabs a pen out of the decorative holder on his desk and writes something down quick, folds it and puts it in his pocket. Picking up the papers on his desk, he turns to leave and Lauren tries again. "So, Edward, how bout that number? I think we could have some fun, I've always had a thing for hot teachers." She's trying to be seductive sounding, but really she just sound equal parts smoker and constipated. He passed by my desk on his way out, winking, I saw him drop a lime green folded post it note on the ground by my foot. Smirking he yelled out, "555-8764" as he walked out the door and down the hall. Lauren and Jessica both squealed and scrambled to find something to write it down on. Not paying them any attention, I bent down under the guise of tying my shoe to retrieve the folded up post-it note. Keeping it out of site, I unfolded it under the desk. ' Brown Eyes, You captivated me from across The room. My real number: 555-6479 Edward Cullen' Holy shit! He wants me to call him? Why? We didn't even speak to each other. I didn't have any longer to think about it though because my professor finally came rushing in looking more than a little frazzled. I stuck the note in my pocket, and forced myself to think about math. This was going to be a long 3 hours… At 7:30 Professor Moore released us from her clutches for a 15 minute break. Thank God! My mind hasn't been focused all night thanks to that lime green note burning a proverbial hole in my pocket. I'm one of the first out of the room, grateful just to be moving about. Heading over to the cafeteria to get some caffeine and sugar, I see several custodians and who I'm assuming are several staff members folding up chairs and taking tables down. One of which is Mr. Green eyes himself. Before, I didn't get a good look at him, mainly because he was standing behind his desk. He was wearing a pair of black, snug fitting slacks, black shoes, and a burgundy button down shirt, with the sleeves rolled up. He was fit. Not in a body builder way, but in a way that showed he took very good care of himself. Once again, as if he could feel my eyes boring into him, he turned and looked up. Smirk in place, he placed the chair he was folding up on the rack and started making his way towards me. Embarrassed at having been caught, yet again, ogling this man, I turn to go towards the vending machines. "Hey, Brown Eyes! Hey wait a second!" Given his height, he quickly caught up with me and lightly grabbed my arm. Stopping, I looked up at him. He was much taller up close. My guess would be at least 6'5 and dear God, did he smell delicious! I finally met his eyes, and froze. No one should be this good looking, it's not natural. "Hey, I just wanted to make sure, you got my note. I was hoping you guys would take a break while I was still here, so I could formally introduce myself. I'm Edward Cullen." He stuck his hand out as he said this. Blinking once, I slightly shook my head, clearing myself out of a daze. "Bella Swan. Yes, I did get your note. But uh, I hadn't decided on what I had planned on doing with it yet though. Our professor walked in not to long afterwards." That wasn't a lie, I hadn't decided on what to do with the information he gave me, but I'd like to think I would have at least texted him. I'd of been stupid not to. "Well, I know you might be hesitant, we don't know each other, and I swear I never do anything like this but, I just feel like if I didn't at least try to get your attention somehow, I'd regret it. I can't explain it, but I'd really like to get to know you, if you'll let me?" He seemed so sincere and he was right, I didn't know him but I mean, he couldn't be all that bad, the man was a teacher. "OK, I think I'd like that." His smile was blinding and perfect. "Can I take you out this weekend? I know it's kind of short notice, but Dad is taking the twins camping and so, it's just me." He looked hopeful, and I was just about to answer him when the last part of that sentence registered. "Twins?" A quick flash of…something flashed across his features before disappearing. "Yea, my sons, Graham and Grayson, I guess with all of the pictures and drawings in my classroom, I figured everyone knows who they are. Does that bother you? That I have kids? It's ok if it does I know some people freak out over that sort of information." I smiled, if only to quickly assure him. "No, its fine, and yea I did realize you had kids from the pictures in your room, I just didn't know they were twins, that's what caught me off guard I guess." His phones started to ring and cut off anything he was about to say. Looking at the screen he said, "It's my mom, she's got the boys right now, so I should probably take this. Can you text me your number, so I can call you and we can make solid plans for this weekend?" I nodded, and gave him a quick wave, heading back to the class room, when I heard his voice. "I look forward to talking to you later, Brown Eyes!" When I made it back to class, I realized I might have been more than a few minutes late. Professor Moore didn't say anything. She just gave me her perfected bitch brow, and kept on with the lecture. I had the feeling I was being watched, I kind of glanced around real quick, getting to the whore patrol, I