This is my first ever story, so be kind, please! Feedback is always appreciated. She woke up confused. She was on a slab of stone, she could tell that much, but it was too dark to see anything. Tentatively, she swung her legs around the side of the stone slab and let her feet dangle for a few seconds as she tried to remember what had happened. She couldn't remember much. She knew that she had been in a battle, with the help of others whom she could not think of. She knew her name, where she was from, but the rest was a complete blank. She dropped to the floor a foot below her. It was also cold stone. She became aware of the cold and wrapped one arm around her midsection. The other she put out in an attempt to keep from running into anything. There was a steady trickle of blood from her left palm, but there were more serious things to worry about. She bumped into a cold wall. She felt around for a light or a door, but there was nothing. She slowly moved away from where she had woken up, feeling up and down the walls. She couldn't tell where the ceiling was, or how long the chamber might be. She didn't know where she was, which meant she couldn't come up with a fool-proof plan to get out, and that thought made her start to panic. She shook her head as soon as that thought came into her head. Panic wouldn't help here. Just think through this logically. Maybe there's a hidden door somewhere, or a hole in the ceiling. Not that that would help. She would never be able to reach it. For some reason, the thought of a hole in the ceiling made her feel strange, as if she had already done this before. But that was ridiculous. Why would she ever have been stuck underground and gotten out through the ceiling? She tried to push this thought to the back of her mind and continued along the wall, which was completely smooth, except for the ivy climbing it. From what she could tell, she was in an underground cave or passage. She couldn't find any end to either side, so she assumed it was either a passage or a huge cavern. She started to speed up a little, getting impatient with how little progress she was making. Her foot hit a loose stone, and she fell, hard. Her ankle screamed in protest, but such a fall shouldn't have hurt it that much. Maybe it was still sore from some other wound. But she didn't have time to think about that. She grimaced and reached for her ankle. Her hand hit the stone she had tripped on, but it was too smooth to be a stone. It was too long, too. Too thin. She frowned and picked it up. A ballpoint pen. But why would there be a pen in here? It made no sense, and it was driving her crazy. She uncapped the pen curiously. Nothing happened. Of course. Why would anything happen? As she put the cap back on and shoved it deep in her pocket, she felt a sense of dread. She wasn't sure why, but the pen seemed like it should hold some meaning that she couldn't remember. It was just on the tip of her tongue. What was going on? She shakily got to her feet and found the wall again. She steadied herself on it before moving again. After a few minutes, she felt a strange symbol on the wall. She stopped moving and felt it carefully. It wasn't English, she could tell that, but something else entirely. Another language, maybe? When she fitted the palm of her hand on it, it started to glow. She shrieked and stumbled back, falling over again. The light was blinding after being in the dark for so long. She covered her eyes and squinted, trying to make out what it was, but it was still too bright b the time it faded away. Silence. The symbol was still burnt into the back of her eyes. It looked familiar, but she couldn't place it. She had to restrain herself from kicking the wall. All this sudden amnesia stuff was really getting on her nerves, for obvious reasons. She took a deep breath, and got to her feet. She was determined not to let this get in the way of finding out what in the gods' names was going on. Suddenly, a huge crack echoed through the cavern. She flinched and instinctively crouched, reaching for something at her hip which was not there. A deep rumbling filled the cave, and she glanced around frantically, trying to see where it was coming from. A shaft of light hit the ground a few feet in front of her. She jumped slightly and looked up, where a hole had opened. Through it, she could see clouds, grey, foreboding clouds that covered the entire sky. She thought she heard shouting, but she was too far away to be sure. First, how to get out of here. She walked under it and looked around for any way of climbing up. But, of course, there was no random ladder or rope in a corner. She would have to find another way. She sighed and ran her hand through her hair. What now? She couldn't jump that high. Her gaze slid over to the wall next to the hole. It was covered in ivy. No way, she thought. She walked up to it and tentatively tugged on it. It didn't move. She yanked a bit harder, and kept its grip on the wall. She slowly put her weight on it, and it managed to hold her. Now she has to climb the wall. But, strangely, she feels confident that she's able to do it, despite the fact that the hole is over ten feet above the ground. She grabbed a vine and pulled herself up. It made excellent foot and hand holds as she slowly made her way up. Her shoulders began to burn and her fingers started to cramp, but she gritted her teeth and kept climbing. When she reached the top of the wall, she realized how far the hole actually was. It was at least a few feet away, but she couldn't give up now. Without looking down, she readjusted the grip of her left hand and stretched out her right hand. She was just barely able to reach the edge of the hole, but she wasn't able to get a good hold of the top. Nothing else to do but jump. Jumping was impossible. She wouldn't make it. She knew that, and so she wasn't stupid enough to try. She jumped anyway. The top of her head skimmed the ceiling, and, as she began to fall, she started thinking, Why am I doing this? This was such a stupid idea! I'm going to die! Think of another way! I'm too smart to try this! Well, she was until she wrapped her hands around the ledge of the hole and hung there, over ten feet above the ground, by one hand. She grunted, half in surprise and half in pain, and slowly pulled herself up. She swung her leg over the side and heaved herself up and onto solid ground. Thank the gods! she thought in relief. Now she needed to find out where in Hades she was. She looked around and saw only trees, endless trees in every direction. Great. She still had no idea where she was. And her hand, which had a long gash in it, was surely infected by now. There was nothing to do except rip off a chunk of her shirt and wrap it tightly, which she did. Ignoring the throbbing ache in her ankle, she set off in the direction where she had heard shouting earlier. As she got closer, she heard distant clashing metal and screaming. She frowned and jogged a bit faster, ignoring her ankle. It wasn't so bad that she couldn't hurry a little. As the noise got louder and nearer, her heart began to race. She was nervous, more nervous than seemed appropriate. She crested a hill and stopped dead at the sight that greeted her. Spread across a large field were hundreds of people. It looked like most of them were teenagers, armed with swords and javelins and bows and arrows. They all had gold or bronze armor on. What was more frightening was what they were fighting. Monsters, coming in all shapes and sizes, dominated the battlefield (which is what she assumed it was). There were humanoid figures the size of buildings, black dogs the size of trucks, and greenish snake-ladies. There were also giant wolves, and men with only one eye each. She fell back a step, her head screaming in pain. None of this made sense, but she felt like it should, like she knew all of this, like it was just on the tip of her tongue… Nervously, she pulled the pen out of her pocket and rolled it around in her hand. As she watched, a huge hound leaped at someone's turned back. Before she could shout a warning, another teenager jumped in and sliced the dog in half. It turned into dust mid-air and fell to the ground. Her jaw dropped. What the- It only got worse when she accidentally pulled off the cap of her pen and it morphed into a full sword. She almost dropped it in surprise and squeaked, which was something she felt like she would normally never do. She looked at it in amazement, even as it started to dip. It felt a little long, a little heavy. Maybe it had been made for someone else, and she only had it by accident. Someone screamed in pain, and she looked up in time to see a boy stabbed through the chest. She froze and watched in horror as he met her eyes and she watched his life drain away. He had shaggy black hair and bright, penetrating eyes. In fact, he closely resembled someone she felt like she knew… "Annabeth!" She spun, instinctively raising the sword. She leveled its point at the girl who had been approaching her. The girl had choppy brown hair that had probably started the day in a neat braid, but was now frizzy and tangled with sweat and dirt. Despite the blood and dust caking her features, she looked beautiful. Her blue eyes watched Annabeth. They were wide in… surprise? "Annabeth!" she repeated. "Where did you come from? We've been looking for you for-" "How do you know my name?" Annabeth demanded. She took a step back, away from the girl, whose mouth opened slightly. "Annabeth," she started softly. "What do you mean?" "How do you know my name?" Annabeth said again, punctuating each word. "What's happening?" The girl was looking more and more confused, almost scared. "We're- we're fighting Gaea's army. What- why weren't you here earlier? Where's Percy?" Before Annabeth could respond, the girl's eyes fell on the sword. "Why do you have Riptide?" she asked, slowly. Annabeth looked at the sword. "Riptide? Percy? Who are-" She started to hyperventilate. Why couldn't she remember anything? "Annabeth!" the girl interrupted. "I don't know what happened to you, but you need to listen to me, okay?" Annabeth couldn't resist her eyes, her warm, trusting brown eyes. "Look at me. There you go. Now, I need you to think." Annabeth did think. She wanted to remember, so badly, but the memories weren't coming. Nothing was coming. Weren't her eyes blue earlier? "Try to remember what happened. Remember me. Remember Percy, Jason…" As she started to list names, Annabeth's head exploded in pain again. "Stop!" she begged. But the girl wouldn't stop. As the battle raged on to the side down the hill, her voice seemed to envelope