"' Good luck, Harry.' Hagrid whispered, and the four of them walked away in different directions, to station themselves around the maze. Bagman now pointed his wand at his throat, muttered 'Sonorus' and his magically magnified voice echoed into the stands. 'Ladies and gentlemen-'" "May!" Mom called from downstairs. "Time for dinner!" I put down my book and slid off my bed. I was reading Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire for the twenty-sixth time; it was my favourite book in the whole series. I trudged down the stairs and into the kitchen, sitting down at my spot. I cheered up a little at the smell of tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwiches. Mom placed a plate in front of me, then sat down across from me next to Dad. My chestnut brown hair fell into my eyes as I leaned down to take a sip of soup, and I pushed it behind my ear impatiently. "So, honey, how was school today?" Mom asked. "Good." I answered as I continued to eat. "Did you talk to anyone?" I sighed. We went through this every day. "Just Harry, Ron, and Hermione, Mom." I glanced at her, and she didn't look as disappointed as usual. I guess she must have figured out my answer wasn't going to change any time soon. I only had one real friend, and she lived in Canada, far away from England. Her name was Ella, and we met on the internet. I DMed her on Instagram because I loved her account and we started talking more when we realized we both loved the Lunar Chronicles. "How were your classes?" Dad asked, dipping his sandwich into his soup. "Oh, great! I finished my essay for English yesterday, so I read for the whole class today." I told him happily. "Good!" The conversation turned away from me for the rest of the meal, Dad telling Mom about the new deals he found at the store today, and Mom telling us about work. When we were done, I headed back upstairs to my room. Before I continued reading, I picked up my phone and went on Instagram. I switched from my barely used personal account to my fandom account. There were no new DMs from Ella, so I scrolled through my feed, liking and commenting on people's edits and photos. I then looked at my activity and returned likes and comments. When I was done, I hit the power button on my phone and picked up my book. My fingers found the beat-up page I was on, and I continued reading. "'So ... on my whistle, Harry and Cedric!' said Bagman. 'Three – two – one –' He gave a short blast on his whistle, and Harry and Cedric hurried forwards into the maze. The towering hedges cast black shadows across the path, and, whether because they were so tall and thick, or because they had been enchanted, the sound of the surrounding crowd was silenced the moment they entered the maze. Harry felt almost as though he was underwater again." I closed my eyes, savouring the feeling of a really good book. I leaned into the book, my nose brushing its soft pages and inhaled deeply, breathing in its musty smell. Suddenly, the pages started to ripple, and I felt a sensation as though I was falling through water. Bright light enveloped me, words tumbled through the air around me, and then I landed hard on solid ground, falling to my hands and knees. I stood up and looked around. It can't be… I thought, blinking in wonder. It looked as though I was in the maze Harry had just been in in my book. My heart jumped and excitement coursed through me. I reached out for a hedge and ran my fingers through its prickly branches, making sure it was real. Just as I started pinching myself, a scrawny, fourteen-year-old boy came around the corner. He wasn't Daniel Radcliffe, though. He was just Harry, the way I had imagined him the first time I read the books. My cheeks tinged pink as I looked at him. He was much more attractive than Daniel Radcliffe. Harry saw me then, and lifted his wand, wary. "I'm not part of the task!" I cried quickly, even though I realized Harry had no reason to trust me. He lowered his wand a bit anyway, and came closer, but still looked suspicious. "Er… who are you?" He asked. "My name is May." "If you're not part of the task, then what are you doing here?" "I… um, I don't really know…" A feeling of fright hit me suddenly. How had I gotten here? What was I doing here? How would I get back to my world and my family and my house and my books? I didn't want to be stuck here forever! My breathing started to get shallow, and I could feel a panic attack coming on. Harry lowered his wand completely, the look of suspicion turning to one of concern. "Are you alright?" Harry asked, coming towards me. I didn't answer. "Come on, I'll bring you to Dumbledore, he'll know what to do." Harry said, awkwardly patting my shoulder. Somehow, that comforted me, and the panic ebbed away slowly. "Thank you." I whispered. "Er, no problem." Said Harry, looking uncomfortable. "We should probably get going before something tries to kill us." "Right." I replied, recovering myself. "Let's get going." We started walking down the path I had landed in. "Surely I should have met something by now?" Harry muttered under his breath. We rounded a corner, and came face to face with Cedric Diggory. "Hagrid's Blast-Ended Skrewts!" He hissed. "They're enormous – I only just got away!" I smiled a bit to myself, remembering the line in the ink I'd just fallen through. Right before Cedric plunged back into another tunnel surrounded by hedges, he caught sight of me. "Who's this?" Cedric asked suspiciously. "This is May." Harry answered. "How did she get here?" Harry turned to me. "Um... magic." I answered, not prepared for the real answer just yet, and not even really knowing it. Cedric shrugged as if he could cope with that. He dived into the tunnel again, and I was left with Harry. He looked at me. "Aren't you going to take out your wand?" He asked. Time for the truth... or part of it, anyway. "I don't have one." I told him. He stared at me incredulously. "Did you lose it? Or are you underage?" He asked doubtfully, looking me up and down. I blushed. "No, I ... I'm fifteen, it's just ... I'm not a witch." Or I wasn't in my world. "So, you're a muggle?" Harry seemed surprised. "I guess." "How do you know about us?" He actually started smiling, the danger of the moment forgotten. "My aunt and uncle finally let it slip, did they?" I had to laugh. "No. I'll explain when we get out of here." "Good idea." Harry looked around, then started walking again. We were about to round a corner when I remembered, and put my hand on Harry's shoulder, stopping him. He turned around. "There's a Boggart disguised as a Dementor around this corner." I warned him. Harry squinted at me, confused. "How do you know?" He whispered. "I told you, I'll explain later." He glanced at me once more before turning the corner, wand at the ready. " Riddikulus !" Harry yelled. The Boggart vanished in a wisp of smoke, and Harry held his lighted wand high again. Left ... right ... left again ... twice we found ourselves facing dead ends. I watched as Harry performed the four-point spell and realized we were going too far east. We turned around and took a right. A scream shattered the silence suddenly. It was coming from up ahead. "Fleur?" Harry started running on the path, and only slowed down when we reached an odd golden mist floating in the tunnel, and though we approached it slowly and cautiously, I remembered too late what it was. As I stepped into it, the world turned upside down. I looked sideways at Harry, who looked terrified. My hair flew towards the bottomless sky speckled with stars. Because I knew what was happening, I didn't panic and enjoyed the beauty, until I remembered what Harry was thinking at this point. I looked over at him, and, to my surprise, he was already looking at me. Apparently he'd caught on to the fact that I knew what was going on. "Take a step." I encouraged him. He did at the same time that I did, and the world righted itself. I fell to my knees beside Harry. We got up and hurried forward, until we met a fork in the path. "This way." I instructed, pointing to the right fork. For the next ten minutes, we saw nothing but dead ends. Where was Fleur? Twice, Harry decided to take the same wrong turning. Finally, I found a new route, and we jogged along it, Harry's wand light waving, distorting the shadows on the hedges. Then he led us around another corner, and we came face to face with a Blast-Ended Skrewt. Cedric was right. It was ten feet long, and looked more like a giant scorpion than anything. "Stun it?" He asked. "Yes!" I squeaked. I knew it would turn out alright, but that didn't mean it wasn't still terrifying. Harry pointed his wand at the Skrewt, and yelled " Stupefy !" "Duck!" I yelled. Harry ducked, and so did I, and the spell that had rebounded off the Skrewt's armour had singed the top of Harry's hair. The Skrewt blasted fire from its end and flew forwards, toward me. " Impedimenta! " Harry cried, but the spell rebounded again. I stumbled over a root and scrambled away from the Skrewt as fast as I could on the ground. " IMPEDIMENTA !" Right before the Skrewt reached me, it froze. Harry had managed to catch it on its un-armored underside. I knew he would, but it had still been scary, and my heart was beating fast. I got up, and we ran hard in the opposite direction. The Impediment Jinx wouldn't last very long. It was only then that I realized that my hands were bleeding from scraping against rocks and dirty from the ground. We turned left, and hit a dead end, a right, and hit another. Harry stopped suddenly, and I almost walked into him. He was performing the four-point spell again. We backtracked and took a path heading north-west. We had been hurrying along the new path for a few minutes now, but suddenly I heard something in the path parallel to ours that made me stop dead. Harry heard it too, and stopped next to me. I knew this was coming, but I was still terrified. "What are you doing?" It was Cedric's voice. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" And then I heard Viktor Krum's voice. " Crucio !" Horrified, Harry started running along the path again, presumably trying to find a way into Cedric's. I followed him, yelling. "Harry! There's no way! You have to use the reductor curse!" Immediately, Harry stopped running and followed my suggestion. I knew it wouldn't be very effective, but it still burnt a small hole in the hedge. Harry kicked his leg through it, making it bigger. He pushed his way through, tearing his robes, and I came after him. I heard my green zip-up sweater rip as I ducked through the hedge and came to stand beside Harry, seeing Krum standing over Cedric's twitching body. Krum looked up and began to run, but Harry had already used the stunning spell and Krum fell face down in the dirt. I dashed over to Cedric, who had stopped twitching and was lying panting on the ground, Harry on my heels. "Are you alright?" Harry asked roughly, grabbing Cedric's arm.