A/N: Okay, sizable AN because we gotta get some stuff out the way, trust me. You didn't have to read it and still don't (but it's a good read) because I'm writing this in a way it stands alone and goes in some wildly different directions, but did you read Species Unknown by xPaige Turnerx and want that good Rose/Bella shit? Because I did. And Paige approved. Here's what you need to know. Starts after Bella's known the Cullens for a few months, during which it seemed possible for Bella and Alice to be mates. Bella's species is unknown, not even Carlisle knows what she is. She suffers crippling migraines and nosebleeds from hell. She's capable of essentially leeching characteristics, as seen in a fight with her brother, (they consider each other brothers, since it's a lifestyle lmao) Jake, in which she takes on qualities of a vampire and fights Jake while he's wolfed out. This event is canon for this story, and is why Buggy, Bella's old Camaro, is currently under repair with Rosalie. Another thing? Bella was dropped off on the Swans' doorstep at the age of six and her fucking eyes change colors with her emotions. Hence she always wears sunglasses because she's received a lot of shit for her eyes, including being locked in a shed overnight, and says it's because of her migraines. Leah is different from the pack and also insists she and Bella are connected. Oh and Bella sleepwalks at night into the fucking forest and one time Jasper found her out there, she said that's where she fucking dies so thank Paige for that creepiness. Okay, here goes nothing. *crosses fingers* Esme and Carlisle. Rosalie and Emmett (not for long lmao). Jasper and Victoria. Edward. Alice. Wensley and Jessica. "I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, In secret, between the shadow and the soul." -Pablo Neruda A ragged sigh tore out of her and, leaning back from under the hood, she set down her wrench. Rather, slammed it. The small table had a dent in it now. Rosalie sighed again, softer this time. Tired. She was tired. Angry. But she was often those things. Black eyes slid closed as she dropped the hood like these things alone could change her mood. Alice had spun into Bella Swan's life and pulled her into the Cullens', dropping her in the same way any Cullen had just settled in. And damn, she hadn't seemed so alive in decades and they whispered that maybe Bella and Alice were mates. But Jasper knew better. Rosalie knew better. Instead of simply moving the table, she left her handprint in the metal. Of course the whispers didn't last long at all. Alice and Bella were…close, but not that type of close. Rosalie suspected Alice would've pursued a fling with Bella if it wasn't for the fact Bella Swan fit into the mess of the Cullen household. Really, there were too many of them at this point. And in all of this, Rosalie still didn't know if Bella had slipped, developed feelings for Alice. It happened. Silly, stupid emotions because your friend was great and you were close. Jasper would know because he didn't have to fret over the difficulty Bella presented when it came to gauging anything of her. But Rosalie couldn't ask Jasper because that meant acknowledging his lingering gaze and Victoria's knowing smirk. Because that was all Rosalie's…issues were. Silly, stupid emotions. Why was she lying to herself? Some words echoed in her mind, taunted her, and she growled at them. At herself. She threw open the door in a way that almost made its hinges screech. "Fuck!" Rosalie stopped, sighing just as there was a thud behind her. She debated on whether or not to keep walking, but Rosalie Hale faced problems, she didn't run from them. And so she stood over Bella, prone in a little over a foot of snow. She couldn't see those mysterious eyes, but she still felt them. "This is concrete." "How astute of you." Bella puffed out her cheeks and released a huff of air, clearly not knowing what to say next. It was Rosalie's turn. Her move to make. Thus far, Bella had followed after her, had always been left in Rosalie's wake. Had always initiated even though she'd never been given a reason to. Yet, despite the fact Rosalie just changed the game by the small act of turning around , she only raised her eyebrow. "I'm dying." Bella's forced chuckle didn't erase the way her voice went up a few octaves in the last syllable. "You've fallen from higher. What are you doing?" "Failing at surprising you." Bella wiggled her arms for emphasis, clearing more snow in the process. "I didn't expect you to leave like that and I slipped a little." Closing her eyes, Rosalie pinched the bridge of her nose as her eyebrows rose. She really was just so, so incredibly tired. "Bella, I could hear you the entire time." "You. I." Something tore out her throat resembling a growl. "Fuck you! You just let me sit up there for two hours and didn't think to say shit? Seriously?" "Excuse me? I'm a vampire . If you want to be a damned idiot, that's your business not mine. You do stupid things all the time. How am I supposed to tell the difference?" She slammed her fists down into the snow. "You know the difference!" "Don't act like I pay any attention to your existence." Rosalie almost winced. Bella, however, didn't have such qualms. Indifference smoothed her face and she swallowed. Rosalie watched her nod so slightly she almost missed it. Watched her close off while Rosalie wished she could throttle herself. Her tongue felt heavy with words she didn't know and probably wouldn't say even if she did know them. Walking away would be easy, expected. Routine. Especially with Bella already sitting up, already brushing the snow from herself. But Rosalie had resolved to face this and whatever happened as a result. It couldn't be worse than Victoria deciding to make a game of it. And she would do it soon. Rosalie could tell by the gleam in her eyes. "Where did your misplaced desire to surprise me originate?" Oh, yes, so natural. Good job, Rosalie. What a composed vampire you are. A noncommittal shrug. "You've been a bit of a bitch lately. Past couple weeks." "I'm always a bitch." Maybe one day she'd actually ask questions instead of being indirect, but apparently that wasn't today. " I know! " Bella threw herself back with a huff and a small cloud of snow. So Rosalie was right. Bella had noticed her sharper moods and aimed to remedy that…somehow. "What exactly was your plan?" Black eyes darted to the roof of the garage and back down to Bella. "I leave, then you attack me, I'm guessing?" " Surprise ." "And then we laugh? Watch a movie? Get dinner? Have a bonding moment?" Bella stopped chewing her cheek. "Well, I figured—" "How many times have you hit your head?" How many times will I do this to myself? "Look," Bella snapped, "If you want, I can headbutt you. Would that make you feel better? Make more sense? Just stomp off already." The words signaled the end of their game, if it could be called that. The end of someone's patience, the announcement of, I'm too tired for this . It left Rosalie clenching her jaw. She knew those damn eyes weren't on her and, she hated herself for it, but she wanted them to be. But her sense of rejection was already swirling into anger, into bitter pain and the need to lash out. She'd tried to do this for Esme and Alice and Edward and the family itself and for Emmett , but she'd slipped. People made mistakes. Rosalie was tired of them. Tired of mistakes, tired of guilt eating her alive, tired of being left wanting, tired of not being enough . She swallowed back venom. Rosalie Hale had faced worse than this. She could do this. She could be Bella's…friend. One day. Yet she couldn't relax her jaw. Couldn't silence the storm screaming in her muscles. "I kind of want to stay here, so if you could just—" Bella's jacket ripped in Rosalie's fingers as she dragged her backward through a few feet of snow and lifted her, flinging her through the air. "— Whatthefuck! " Alice yelled her name like a curse, but she didn't twitch, didn't look away from Bella flailing her way across the frozen lawn. Edward would've beaten Alice to her, but Bella somehow righted herself and so three pairs of eyes watched her land on her feet and stumble a step. Edward's gaze didn't compare to Bella's, even through her shades. Alice patted her down in some need to make sure she was okay, but she didn't say anything to reassure the small vampire. She studied Rosalie. It was piercing, as revealing as it was probing. Rosalie wanted nothing more than to remove those damn shades. And in that moment she knew she couldn't settle on just being Bella Swan's friend. Movement drew her eyes to Emmett emerging from the house, disappointment and resignation creating an intense frown on his face. He'd given up on her. Good. Rosalie tilted her head. "Emmett thinks I'm too mean to his dear Boo and should try being your friend. What do you think?" Bella mirrored her, that same distant thoughtfulness on her face. "You are my friend." Rosalie left in the space of an excited heartbeat. Ethereal goddess from another realm. In the dim gymnasium with stupid, colorful accent lights and music that was too loud, those words were all she could process. Over and over. She'd only heard them being blurted to Edward because she'd developed the horrific habit of, well, hanging onto Bella's every word. Maybe not every word, but ones that could possibly be about her. Bella had been stiff and stuttering when Victoria first swept her away to the dancefloor, but after being hijacked half a dozen times, she looked happy. And like she could passably dance as opposed to stomp her feet around. She twirled Alice, the both of them grinning, and jealousy clawed at Rosalie's throat. A large arm hovered around her waist. Asked for permission. The flash of black eyes had him wringing his hands. "I don't even know what to say to you." "Nothing works just fine." "You look like you wanna kill Boo." Rosalie walked away. Her gait didn't pause as he wondered aloud if she even had a wedding ring anymore. She sucked in the cold air as if it actually mattered instead of just ghosting in and out of her lungs. The moon was bright tonight and for a moment, she entertained that it was mocking her. She sat on a cold bench with a sigh and let her eyes cast around aimlessly at the snow and trees and a crack running along the entire length of this concreted area. At least they had the sense to clean up instead of just hoping students wouldn't come out here. The door opened and she caught sight of a red vest in her peripherals. She fought back the urge to snarl at him. She wasn't in the mood to fight with someone. Again. Wensley stopped just out of arm's reach. Stared down at her. Her eyebrow twitched, but she didn't look at him. At least I'm bitchy instead of annoying. Minutes passed. "You like her." Rosalie turned a little to tilt her head at him. "Hmm? Did you say something?" The gold of his eyes sharpened and Rosalie's flew to black. She didn't feel inclined to starting a fight, but she would always finish one. "Well if you're going to bother me, be direct so you waste less of my time." His back straightened. His way of flinching