A/N: I've fallen victim to this pairing. I admit it. Yes, the story title is a shameless reference to Black Star. Felt fitting. So here's where oneshots, mini-stories, and collections of drabbles for these two will go. Just assume characterizations are basically more or less like in Wishing Upon A Black Star if you need a reference point. Anyway, a wonderful anon on Tumblr sent me a request. "Bella knows/thinks she shouldn't love Rose and avoids her. While Rose is frustrated and doesn't care as she embarks on wooing the girl. I'm sorely missing their gayness." I, too, was missing their gayness and a bit frustrated, so this was perfect. Went in the best direction I could think of without making this like 15k. I hope you guys and my anon, who I'm calling Frank in my head, enjoy it. Kind of angsty for a bit considering Bella avoiding her? Rosalie Hale was a distinct woman, highly beautiful and equally intelligent. Her reputation preceded her. She was not just a vampire in Carlisle's coven. She was someone who had the audacity to blatantly disrespect Jane. She was someone who'd amused Aro so intensely with her cutting tongue that he forbade Jane from retaliating. He'd even asked her to spend time in Volterra. He wasn't the only one who asked her to spend time in their company. Still, Rosalie remained with Carlisle, who understood if she left. She was enough to be in a coven of prestige, of various, powerful gifts that were absolutely desired among the Volturi Guard. She didn't stay out of pride, out of forever making others envious. She stayed because regardless of what was said, Esme would not understand, not with her heart. The others wouldn't either. That's what it was. Family. Here, she got to exemplify the traits that made her equally wanted and frowned upon. Her simultaneous impatience and magnificent control. Her biting wit that didn't drive a wedge in her relationships, relationships that were cemented. The things in her life were guaranteed here. There was little to worry about. And yet Rosalie Hale was incredibly distressed. Her thoughts had been going in circles for entire days and she'd lately given up on pretense, so she'd been expecting a knock at her door. But she hadn't expected it to be Jasper. He drifted over, a sense of serenity following him, but it was just him, not his gift. In his casual way, he sat next to her at the desk and folded his hands atop the smooth surface. She closed her eyes and leaned back in her chair, taking a deep breath. As she started to apologize for her negative emotions, he spoke. "What happened?" He knew. The whole house knew. That was the problem with living with a psychic and a mind reader. Her dark eyes studied the wall in front of her. It'd been her birthday weekend, the appearance of Bella making it a thrilling event to her. Not that she'd admit it out loud. But it'd gone well, even for Emmett breaking a table with his antics. After a while, Esme had been wonderful, essentially shooing everyone out the house without Bella noticing until it was too late. Her surprise at Bella getting her a gift had been genuine. And the gesture meant much more as Bella got increasingly awkward and flustered while actually trying to give the gift. It took two whole minutes of stuttering for Rosalie to just take it from the poor girl's hands and end her suffering. She'd stuck the bow on Bella's shoulder and winked, asking if she was the real gift, before opening it. Rosalie Hale could have basically anything in the world she wanted, but the item in that box made her almost think her heart was beating. It was a small, wooden box—her guess was for giving the gift a sense of weight—that held a note simply saying, Pick one. Under it was a few pictures of Bella's truck, edited so it was actually painted a color, like Rosalie had been bitching about for months. And then Bella started avoiding her. She'd grown surprisingly, frustratingly, adept at it in the past few weeks. Rosalie let her. "I don't know," she said honestly. A long sigh left her as she sank deeper into her chair. Jasper offered a slight nod. Eventually, he pulled his hands down to his lap. "Alice has had visions of Bella as a gold-eyed vampire." She whipped her head toward him so intensely a human might've broken their neck. "What." "You're apparently rather happy in them. As is Bella." She was going to kill Alice. Or at least throw her off a mountain. Something. "I know you were originally against all things that could lead to her being a vampire, but she is your mate and we all know your stance on that topic has…weakened. Completely changed, even." Jasper shifted, drawing her eyes with the motion so that he could hold her gaze. "Who are you?" She quirked her eyebrow. "Who are you?" "Rosalie Hale." He smiled, an Alice-like mischief entering his eyes. "So then be yourself. Your whole self." She opened her mouth to object, to point out the flaws in his logic, to say she'd been herself this whole time, but then she caught on. Only Edward and Emmett were in the house. She'd hardly noticed anything lately as she just came home from that god-awful school and sat in her room. Jasper had been biding his time until Alice and Esme were away and he could talk to her without someone hovering. Alice, who'd frowned and said the future was complicated and Rosalie should just give her space and then talk to her. Esme, who'd said she'd figure out what to do. Her smile matched Jasper's as she shot to her feet and knocked down her chair in the process. "Hurry up before Alice gets back to fuss at all of us." She squeezed his shoulder, smirking. "Thank you for your sacrifice." "Oh, I'm sure I'll be just fine." Rosalie ignored the way his smile shifted and his gaze became distant. She had something to do. It'd taken her half an hour, and Esme would probably scold her for her methods, but she didn't care. She blurred down the stairs of the Swan home, coming to a sudden stop in the middle of the kitchen. Bella, surprised, squeaked and almost tumbled backwards with her chair, but she managed to brace herself against the wall. She straightened and swallowed like it could calm her heart. They stared in the same way, and it only fueled Rosalie's determination. Silent ache that made you try to take in every detail before something slipped away from you again. Startled appreciation for what made your world spin. Casual serenity. The need to be closer. Rosalie stepped to the table, dropping the small, black gift bag onto it. The action stirred Bella. She looked at the bag in an almost longing way. Then she swallowed again and avoided Rosalie's eyes. "Uhm, listen—" "I miss you." The quiet nature of her tone surprised even herself, but she didn't let it show on her face. Although, she was now the one resisting eye contact. "Rosalie." Bella didn't continue, but she did sound pained. A full minute of silence passed before Rosalie flashed her a confident smile. "I'll see you tomorrow." It was the last thing in the world she wanted, but Rosalie left as Bella blinked. She paused in the girl's room, inhaling deeply both to steady herself and to breathe in the scent of her mate. "I miss you too." The soft whisper almost made Rosalie turn around. Bella had no reason to believe she was still there. But she remained in control of herself and left Bella alone with her favorite chocolates. The girl really had a thing for caramel. Friday passed in a bit of what Bella would call pure stress. She'd expected Rosalie to come out of nowhere and corner her and demand answers. The vampire didn't strike her as one to be ignored, so it seemed a little overdue and she'd reasoned yesterday to be a gracious warning. But she'd kind of hoped their friendship would be enough for Rosalie to respect her blatant evasion of her. Except friends hunted you down if you tried to stay the hell away from them, so really, what had she been doing and hoping for? She'd thought she'd relax with each passing period but the opposite happened. Alice actually avoided her and once Bella realized it, she wasn't sure she wanted answers. Besides, she'd been avoiding the vampire's sister, so it wasn't her place to ask anything. Mike, the king of being oblivious, asked her what was wrong at lunch and set off a horrible half hour of dodging everyone's questions. In Biology, she kept eyeing Edward for some sign of…anything. But Edward was perfectly Edward. Instead of appreciating the development of their friendship and the fact she didn't feel the need to crawl out the window to get away from him anymore, she felt a small urge to hit him. Before class was over, she'd agreed to watching some movie with him next week. A sense of freedom filled Bella as she left her locker. The relief was evident as her shoulders gave a twinge of pain as she finally relaxed them and focused on her measured steps. Other students bustled past her and she thought about what she'd cook for dinner. Her thoughts vanished once she saw a small group in front of her truck. "What's going on?" Lauren and Mike whipped around to look at her while the others glanced between her and the truck. Angela studied her with a quiet gaze and Jessica said something, but Bella didn't hear her. She was too busy pushing past them all. There had to be at least three dozen roses in the cab and a few single ones were stuck under her windshield wipers. Mike's voice drowned in the sound of her heart beating in her ears. Someone slapped her. Bella blinked into the face of Lauren. "Are you okay?" She nodded dumbly at Angela's question and mumbled her thanks at Lauren. "Doesn't your admirer know Valentine's Day was last week?" She raised an eyebrow at Mike, realizing it was the second time he'd asked that. "So, like, no one knows who did this." Lauren crossed her arms and Bella absently placed her irritation as jealousy. "Any ideas?" Still reeling, Bella's eyes betrayed her. Everyone followed her gaze to the Cullens' empty parking spaces. "Oh my god ," Jessica practically squealed. Lauren's nose crinkled. "What? They all know she's gay and it's not like Edward would ask her out anyway." "Oh! God, you're right!" Angela's eyes widened as she slapped at Jessica's arm and they shared an excited smile. Mike, Tyler, Ben, and a dozen others who were just insanely curious stared at them. "What?" Lauren pressed. Bella threw her backpack into her truck and grabbed the roses from under her windshield. Jessica and Angela blurted, "Nothing!" As Bella started her truck, she heard Lauren shout her name, but she couldn't care less. She drove away trying to tell herself her cheek burned from the slap, but that didn't explain away the burning in her other cheek. When she got home, she fussed with all the roses, cursing the living one she knew, and wondered what on Earth she was supposed to do with all of them. This had to double as a way to annoy her. Because damn, were they all annoying to deal with. Hours later, she was just beginning to get over what'd happened. And then Charlie came up the stairs, proceeding to do his casual knock on her slightly ajar door. "Hey, Bells, why does it smell like a florist in—" He froze, blinking at all the roses on the bed next to her. She looked up from where