A/N: -sighs- This is my fuck up and it is completely and totally Paige's fault, okay. She gave me some serious Bellice feels. Tegan is grinning, I'm sure. Simple, easygoing thing. I needed this and it wouldn't leave me alone and I write this when I can't sleep. Which is often. So, here we are with Satellite, in which Bella learns what an imprint is, Alice is delighted to learn mates and imprints can line up, Esme finally gets to feed someone, and it's a cute mess along the way. "This is ridiculous." Rosalie's irritated statement, accented by her slapping a hand to their lunch table, either had them looking at her, sighing, or, in the case of Alice, ready to flee. She levelled a glare on her sister that kept her in her seat and her voice dropped to a quick whisper that resembled hissing. "Your uncharacteristic doubt is driving us crazy. She's not a Quileute, she hasn't done a single threatening thing in the four months she's been here. We all had arguments for days about whether to leave, stay, or kill her. You insist she is important, that you'll be best friends. But you can't get a vision when she's involved. But you haven't said a single word to her. Either she's your best friend and all this guessing stops or she's not. You can't say she will be and just, this ." She gestured erratically at Alice who lacked her usual spunk and avoided eye contact. Edward let out another sigh as his cheek remained against the table. "Not everything is black and white, dear sister." She whipped around to point at him. "You're just pissy because she's apparently a shield and your singer but she smells like a wet, damn dog. Sorry, Alice, habit. So she's unappetizing and delightful all at once and I actually understand being upset about that. I do not envy you." "Babe, calm d—" Emmett broke out into a series of coughs upon receiving a glare and went as far as lightly slapping his own chest. "More importantly, all of this is driving me crazy. Esme is excited to cook for this girl. You're less annoying than usual. So what is it? You can't give me the 'Oh, no, I am terribly weird and will run her off' bit again because she turns into a fucking wolf. A wolf, Alice." Opening her mouth and letting out a hesitant noise as her eyes travelled, looking for an excuse, Alice started motioning her hand in a small circle. "I agree." Alice looked at Jasper like he'd betrayed her, but he was too busy having a silent conversation with his "twin." "Oh, no," Edward muttered, cheek still pressed to the table in his misery. "What? Tell me!" Emmett smothered a laugh at the way Alice's voice had pitched higher than usual. Rosalie stood up. "I'll be back." Alice latched onto her arm with wide eyes and the most desperate look Rosalie had ever seen on her face in the sixty years they'd known each other. "Rose, please sit down. Please don't do whatever you're thinking of doing." For a moment, Rosalie's lips pursed and she searched uncharacteristically dull eyes. Then she more so shook off Alice than pulled her arm away and she paused after a few steps to partially look back over her shoulder. Her tone was almost apologetic. "You're my sister." Alice slid into Rosalie's vacated seat and leaned down to the table to meet Edward's eyes. "What's she doing? What's she thinking?" When he just smiled, she sat up so fast she bounced off the chair for a second and it creaked under her weight. "Is this how you guys feel all the time?" "More or less," Jasper drawled as he folded his arms, avoiding a smile to spare her feelings. Watching the blonde saunter over to Bella's empty table, Alice's fingers dug into the table. "I hate this." Edward chuckled as he at last sat up and shamelessly stared across the cafeteria. The bubbles of silence and whispers over Rosalie went unnoticed by Bella as she bounced her knee in time to the song in her ears and continued to tap away at her phone, annoyance pulling at her mouth. She sat next to the shifter and watched fingers freeze and an eyebrow twitch in response to her presence. Bella pulled out her earbuds and focused green eyes on Rosalie, scooting her chair so that she faced her more instead of directly forward. "What can I do for you, Miss Hale?" She bit back a smirk. There was no way even an oblivious, ignorant shifter couldn't identify the distinct otherness of a vampire. And yet that was the route Bella Swan chose. "I like your truck." Amusement twitched on Bella's lips, but she just locked her phone and slid it into her pocket, bundling her earbuds to put them away. "I'm fond of it myself, but I love your Mustang. The Cobra models are my favorite next to the older Shelbys." Rosalie's eyebrow rose a little. "Unexpected, but not unpleasant." "I'll have to beg you to elaborate." "Then beg." She watched excitement sparkle in those eyes and a slow smile that mirrored her own. Playing games was certainly not what she came here for, nor what she expected from herself. Bella clicked her tongue and propped her chin on her fist as she leaned against the table, eyes never leaving gold ones. "Not while you have a boyfriend, I don't think so." "Oh? Forgive me, it seems we're negotiating something I didn't know about." Bella unfurled her fist to tap her fingers against her mouth. "Liar." "Guilty." Across the cafeteria, Alice groaned and dropped her forehead to the table. "I didn't know she'd seduce her." She groaned again when Emmett shushed her. "Anyway, I came over for a reason." Rosalie heard Emmett say, "Look cool, Tink," and refrained from smiling. "Yeah, I figured. So what can I do for you?" "You can make a decision." Rosalie's gaze dropped as she hummed, but then her eyes snapped back to Bella's green ones, and she saw the shifter grow serious with her. "My sister would like to be your friend, but she's worried that won't work out." Bella raised an eyebrow idly as she relaxed. "Oh, because of the whole vampire thing." "No, actually." Rosalie became aware how odd this situation was all over again. And wondered for the thousandth time about the person sitting next to her. "But either way, I want you to decide if you can stand being her friend now as opposed to hurting her later. Should the latter happen, I'll skin you alive in your living room for your father to find." She heard Alice hiss her name, but she didn't blink, didn't look away. She wanted Bella to fully understand the depth of her promise. And the shifter looked like she did as she held Rosalie's gaze. Then Bella grinned. "I like you." "I think I like you, too," Rosalie said with a curve to her lips. "So what makes her worry?" Rosalie hummed, looking for the right words, her eyes even landing on Alice herself, who was indeed attempting to look casual. Good thing, too, because Bella looked over with her. "She can be overwhelming. On most days, I want to throw her into the distance just for how she can smile. Other days, I want to kill her. And I say this with love." Bella nodded to herself, eyes now on the ceiling. "So that's why she's either ignored me or outright walked away the few times I've tried saying hello." "Yes," Rosalie said simply, even though it wasn't simple. It didn't even make sense. But it would, because she would get to the bottom of this, whatever it was. Wherever it led, though, Alice clearly wanted this particular person to be there, so Rosalie would make sure she was, even if she had to beat up a wolf in the process. For a few moments, Bella tapped her fingers against her mouth again, gaze still up high. Then it fell on Rosalie. "Thank you very much for this insight. Feel free to let me know if I can assist you further." Brazen, or perhaps insane, Bella plucked Rosalie's hand from the table and kissed her knuckles with a wink before grabbing her backpack and walking away. She blinked at Bella's back, hand still in the air. Gold eyes dragged to her family table. "Did she actually just walk away from me?" A week went by without any changes other than Alice stealing more glances at Bella Swan than usual. Including in the art class they shared, at the table they shared. She didn't even know what she was drawing. The pencil just swept across paper, erratic and without intent. Or maybe it had intent. Chaos. Because that was all she felt. Chaotic and crazy, when she'd been called crazy so many times in her life it could've been her name, but only now did she feel crazy . And now the random lines were forming Carlisle's face when she'd asked him if shifters could reciprocate a vampire's mate bond and she literally shrieked at him not to inquire with anyone that might know more. His "That's a fantastic question! I've never heard of it happening in all my years" haunted her more than enough. Sighing internally, she scratched out his face, dooming it to be lost among all the harsh lines on the page. Alice Cullen did not do well with being in the dark. Visions with Bella had holes in them, like she wasn't there. Bella's emotions were "complicated and strange, on occasion," so Jasper wasn't exactly helpful. Edward couldn't read her mind. And Alice couldn't fucking read her in person because she might as well have been stone and just did not make sense. Though, she'd never actually had a conversation with her so that could have been a factor. At least Rosalie liked her. That had to be a plus. Except it worried Alice more because they'd talked more than once since that first time in the cafeteria and only Rosalie garnered reactions from Bella Swan from what she'd seen so far. And they flirted so, so much. But at least that all meant Bella did indeed like girls. Or so Alice told herself as she tried to remain positive. "Are you alright there, friend?" Her pencil stopped so harshly the tip broke and shot off to hit the object of her thoughts. The object of her thoughts who lacked her usual, casual tone in favor of one Alice would almost call broken. Almost, because she didn't want to use that word with Bella Swan. The one thing—there was more than one but then she sounded obsessed—she'd gathered about Bella from her interacting with the students of Forks was the fact she was unyielding. Unyielding in a way that reminded her of Rosalie when she thought about it. And that sent a spike of fear and concern through her because she knew Rosalie was forged through fire. Finally, after far too much silence on her part, Alice looked up, pencil still pressed too hard to paper, and she saw that Bella was still drawing. Still sitting there with her chin cupped in her palm and looking for all the world like she hadn't spoken. Alice wondered what caused the bags under her eyes, so she asked. "I'm fine. Are you? You sound tired." Okay, so she didn't ask, and she didn't sound relaxed, but she hadn't backflipped out of the room, either. Bella snorted. "Fine? You're close to drawing the apocalypse over there." Her pen finally stopped moving and she picked up the tip of Alice's pencil from her sketchbook and deposited it in the middle of the chaos Alice had drawn as if to accent her point. A small, nervous laugh filled the air before she realized the sound