TEXT TAKEN DIRECTLY FROM THE FILM IS IN ITALICS "Uh oh." Jacob winced as Bella practically manhandled him outside. Thankfully he was able to land in a somewhat neat crouch before swiftly turning around to face the furious newborn mother. "You imprinted on my daughter?!" The rage was unmistakeable. "It wasn't my choice!" His feeble attempt to defend himself only served to frustrate her even more. "She's a baby!" Well, wasn't she logical. "It's not like that! You think Edward would let me live if it was?" Maybe using her husband's approval of him would work in his favour. "Still debating it." Jacob wished he could snap his neck on the spot without being instantly over powered by the vampires. "I've held her once. One time Jacob. And already you think you have some moronic wolfy claim on her?" She moved closer until she was practically centimetres away from him. Jacob couldn't help but shuffling back. This furious Bella was scaring him. The fact that she was ten times stronger didn't help the matters. "She's mine!" Oh there it was. Jacob couldn't help the grunt of pain as the force of the punch threw him to the ground and knocked all the air from his lungs. He scrambled a few centimetres away before standing up. Hearing the Cullens laugh at him didn't improve his mood, or do anything to boost his dignity. The growls of his fellow wolves alerted him to their presence, and he couldn't help but curse. They didn't need to see this. "It's fine Leah." He hurried to reassure the older sibling. Thankfully she stepped back. "You're gonna stay away from her." Her order surprised him, and quite literally took his still short breath away from him again. "You know I can't do that." Apparently this wasn't the way to go. Jacob heard the yell of pain that escaped from his own lips as he was thrown backwards and into the foot of a large tree. Once again, he felt the wind being knocked out of him in one swift motion, but this time he was prepared. He raised his arms to protect his head from the thick bark, but couldn't do anything except roll sideways until he was on his back again. The punch had cracked his ribs, he was sure. The fire that spread across his chest was a certain indication, but he was also sure that no one had paid attention to his low groan. After all, Leah's and Seth's growls hid it pretty well. "Stop her Edward." Apparently Esme still heard, if the concern in her tone was anything to count on. Well, either her or that blasted doctor. Carlisle probably noticed his sudden stiffness, nothing passed his eyes. "Esme it's fine. She's amazing right?" He was seriously going to kill that vampire. However, he used the momentary pause after the words to stand up again, using the ground underneath him to propel himself up. "Do you remember how much you wanted to be around me three days ago? That's gone now right?" He had to make her see reason, or she would probably kill him. " Long gone." She was still furious. "Because it was her. From the beginning it was Nessie who wanted me there." He really shouldn't have mentioned the nickname. "NESSIE?" A moment of pause followed the exclamation. Then she continued. "You nicknamed my daughter after the Loch-ness monster?!" She was moving towards him again, probably preparing for another punch, and Jacob inwardly braced himself. Nobody saw Seth suddenly lung in front of him, but Jacob definitely heard Seth cry out as he was thrown against the tree. "Seth! Are you okay?" Seth looked at him from under hooded eyes, but quickly assured Jacob telepathically that he would be fine. "Seth I'm sorry." Her apology was somewhat heartfelt. "He'll be all right." Seth was fine, but Leah was pissed. Jacob could hear her growls behind him, and could only envision her snarl. Only Seth was keeping her back from lunging. "Bella, you know me, better than anyone. All I want is for Nes-" He moved stiffly, trying to keep himself as still as possible. His quick movement to check on Seth had only served to re-awaken the fire that was currently raging in his ribs. Bella drew in a shaky breath, clearly telling him to rethink his choice of names before he continued. "Renesmee to be safe, happy. Look, nothing ever made sense before. You, me, any of it. And now I understand why, this was the reason." She appeared to be calmer, so he stepped towards her as cautiously as he could without arousing suspicion. Her shaky breathing was still a neon sign to keep back, but Jacob ignored her, choosing instead to look at her, proving to her that he had no intention of hurting her before she released a breath, some tension leaving her pale shoulders. "Okay, let's just head inside and cool off." Carlisle's tone was soft, but it left no room for arguments. Jacob let his gaze skim over the Cullen family before he phased and quickly scurried away, weaving through the trees with expertise that not even Leah and Seth could keep up to. The Cullens stared in shock at the space that the three werewolves had occupied just seconds before, and Bella opened and closed her mouth a couple of times, clearly just realizing what she had done before shrugging of Carlisle's hand and heading inside to play with her child. Edward followed her with a small chuckle, clearly finding the whole argument very amusing. Carlisle sighed, his brow creasing as he surveyed the rest of his family. Alice and Jasper were still staring at the trees, but Esme and Emmet were looking at him, clearly trying to see what was bothering him. The doctor shrugged before ushering them inside. Carlisle was officially worried. His sensitive hearing had picked up the sound of Jacob's ribs cracking, and he really wanted to make sure the wolf was okay, but he had run off quickly, probably noticing that his injuries had been discovered. Carlisle had no idea where Jacob would go. After all he couldn't go back to La Push. Sam would be there, and Jacob would be an absolute idiot to go within 5 feet of Sam after everything that had happened only a short while ago. He would probably stay in the forest. That still concerned the good doctor. He had grown fond of Jacob, and the wolf was helpful, despite the fact that he was in a house with what nature would call his enemies. The thought of Jacob in pain and laying on the hard ground tugged at Carlisle's metaphorical heart strings, and the doctor groaned lowly, frustrated to the point of pulling his hair out. He was still lost in thought when a wave of calm swept over him, alerting the doctor of Jasper's presence. "Should we go look for him?" Turns out Emmet was standing next to the blond. "Huh?" Carlisle was honestly caught off guard. "Jacob. It's been like three hours already." Jasper explained. "God knows where he is now." Carlisle said with a small smile. "We'll find him. Maybe then you won't dig a hole through the floor." Emmet responded cheekily before both he and Jasper headed to the forest, their keen sense of smell immediately picking up on Jacob's scent. They found him two hours later. He was still in his wolf form, curled up against the base of a tree. They were surprised to see him alone, but then again, they really weren't. Jacob must have told Leah and Seth to go away while he mulled over his thoughts. Jasper wavered as he felt the waves of emotion that the wolf was emitting, even though he couldn't put his finger on which emotion was the strongest. Jacob appeared to be asleep, but he quickly woke up when Emmet petted his head. A snarl escaped his throat, and Jasper quickly sent a wave of calm over the agitated wolf, making sure that Jacob realized who he was with before attacking. "Jake, do you think you can phase? We brought you a change of clothes you left at our house, you can change." Jasper gently put down the articles of clothing before both he and Emmet turned around, allowing the wolf some privacy as he quickly changed and slipped on his shoes. "You can turn around." Jacob's voice held a tone of frustration, but the other vampires didn't take notice. However, they did notice how dishevelled he looked. His hair was a total mess, and there was still traces of pain in his tightly pulled features as he sat on the ground, bending forward to tie his shoe lace. "Are you coming with us? Carlisle's worried." Jasper took control of the situation, threading carefully around the wolf who was clearly at the end of his rope. Emmet offered Jake a hands up, and Jacob took it, hauling himself in a standing position before leaning heavily on the trunk behind him. Jasper couldn't help the worry. Jacob looked absolutely worn out. "Isn't that ironic? A vampire worried about a werewolf. Who would have thought? And besides, Carlisle should be worried about precious Renesmee, not the wolf who only brought trouble by imprinting on his grand-daughter." A scoff escaped the wolf, and Emmet saw the tremors that ran through him, shaking the broad shoulders ever so slightly. "It's not like anyone would be worried. Even he isn't worried. It's just the doctor in him talking, making sure that there are no injuries. Then there would be no need for me to stay there. I can just live in the forest like the dog I am." Jasper however, was the one who caught the shortness of breath and the rapid pulse that thundered in everybody's ears. "He's going into shock." Emmet reached the deduction before his brother. "Jacob, I need you to breath." Jasper's tone was commanding, but it had no effect on the anxious wolf. Jacob was pacing back and forth and the brothers stared for a moment before Emmet restrained the wolf with a gentle, yet strong grip. "Hey, calm down Jacob." That only seemed to set Jacob off, and he thrashed wildly, forcing the brothers to pin him to the ground before he hurt someone, or himself in that matter. It took only a few minutes before he came to his senses, relaxing in their vice-like holds. Jasper sent a wave of calmness again just in case, making sure that the wolf was not going ballistic again. Jacob took a few calming breaths, and Emmet hauled him up again, but it proved to be a mistake. Jake's knees immediately buckled, and Jasper's quick reflexes were the only thing that kept him from face planting on the ground as the events of the last few days caught up with him and he finally collapsed, completely unconscious. Watching a vampire walking with a werewolf draped over his shoulder was what one would say, a queer sight. Emmet shrugged, moving the dead weight that lay on his shoulders in a more comfortable position before he broke into a run and headed straight to Carlisle's office. Everybody smelt the wolf, but nobody commented. Carlisle was utterly shocked. He hadn't expected the wolf to be unconscious. "What happened?" His question was met with two sighs while he gently removed the wolf's shirt to display a lightly bruised chest. "He kind of went into shock. Everything caught up with him at once." Jasper explained, watching idly as his father ran practised hands down the wolf's body, paying extra attention to his head and chest. "That's not surprising.."Carlisle murmured just before Jacob's eyes fluttered, opening slowly. "What.." A frown creased Jake's forehead, but he stayed absolutely still on the sofa, courtesy of Carlisle applying just enough pressure to stop any movement from being made. "They brought you here, what do you remember last?"