Hiya everybody! I missed you all so much! I'm super pumped because this is my second full story, first using real chapters, and my first shot at Modern day stuff. It basically how Peeta and Katniss can get together and fall in love with all the chaos of senior year around them and proof that they can fall in love without the hunger games. I for one am nowhere near senior year (I'm not even in high school) so I'm super sorry if it's screwy. It starts in the summer so there's tons of time for them to get together and junk like that. Hopefully it won't be as long as my other one was but I kinda want it to be since it is a chapter story. Please review and favorite! Also, Katniss's dad is alive and everyone is the same age. Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games. My birth certificate clearly states that I am not Suzanne Collins and I couldn't come up with such genius as is The Hunger Games Trilogy. Me: I'm so pumped! Katniss: Why? It's just a story. Me: I could kill you. Katniss: One, I'm not really alive. Two, you need me to keep Peeta happy. Peeta: It's true. Me: fuck you all. Katniss: If you wrote the trilogy you could write that but you didn't so you can't. Me: bitch I'm from Brooklyn. I can take you. Katniss: I survived two games and a war. You couldn't stand a chance. Me: Why don't you go shoot a squirrel or something? Katniss: Okay, bye! *walks away* Peeta: What about me? Me: You are coming with me *grins evilly and walks away* Peeta: *gulps and follows me* Katniss's POV I nervously twiddle my pencil on my desk and stare at the clock in a High School Musical 2 fashion. Johanna is writing the time until no more school on a paper plane and flying it around the classroom while Mrs. Barkley reads some poem by Edgar Allen Poe about an evil eye. I for one love her class but when it's 87 degrees in New York on the last day of school you get antsy. The plane falls on my desk and I open it to see '1 minute' written in Johanna's sloppy writing that contrast from my calligraphy script writing. I fold it and make sure to match the creases exactly so it doesn't miss its intended target. I look up to see her writing on the board so I fly it over the heads of a few people and it lands on my friend Finnick's table. He opens it and looks at the clock before crumpling and whispering '30 seconds' around the room. When then to a HSM2 count down and I literally jump out of my seat when the school bell rings. I grab my summer homework which is only a few questions on the poem. I read it already so I can do all that tonight. We're having an after school concert and I'm supposed to be performing. Finnick, Johanna and I find Gale and Annie who were currently in Math for the last time. "Goodbye Juniors, hello seniors," Gale says slinging his arm over my shoulder. He's basically my brother so stuff other people think is relationship type of things are just normal acts for us. "I know right. I can honestly say I can't wait for summer to be over," I say grinning. "Yeah, I haven't even started applying to schools but Julliard seems to make me," Johanna says and we all nod. About a week ago we all got letters from Julliard asking us to apply. I honestly think it's because of all the YouTube videos I posed of me singing songs I like and wrote and posting them on Facebook and Twitter. As of right now over a million people have heard me sing so it didn't surprise me when Julliard said they heard of me from the principle who's daughter sent him a link to me singing Beyoncè's déjà vu. They principle fell in love and when found out I could dance and play the violin, piano, drums, guitar, and flute hand-delivered to my mom. She was so excited she even hugged the principle. We are basically the popular group of the cool that everyone wants to date or be. We occasionally stop to sign year books and have our own signed. We sit outside the school for a while and I see my friend, Peeta Mellark, hanging out with some girl. "Hey Jo, who's that chick Peeta's hanging out with?" I ask and nudge her. She informs me that she's his new girlfriend, Delly Cartwright. She's supposed to be from his home state, Carolina, and they were friends before he moved here. Apparently she confessed her love for him and now their dating. I'm just about to start cursing because he didn't tell me when she says it started a week ago. I nod and she walks over to him and I follow. Peeta and I have been friends since we were 10. I didn't do my homework and our teacher would've failed me so he let me copy all of his work. In return for this act I asked him what he wanted and he said nothing and somewhere along the lines Gale and I became his friends. We met Finnick, Annie, and Johanna a few months later. He wasn't as close with them as with us so they don't really hang out with them but Johanna. "Hey Buff 'n Stuff," Johanna says. That's another thing; Johanna calls him Buff 'n Stuff. She started last summer when she saw him sport his 6-pack when he was at our local car wash. He also saw me sport a bikini so it doesn't feel awkward like for other people. "Hey, what's up Kat?" he says and opens him are for a hug. I love hugging Peeta. He's soft yet hard at the same time and if I could spend my life hugging him I would. "Nothing much, just excited about being a senior. Who's she?" I ask pointing to her who is flashing me a death glare. Little does she know I'm the princess of the bitches and I can give her a death glare so bad she will literally die. Johanna is the queen and I will tell anyone who asks me that. I've seen her angry and I don't want to be at the end of that disaster. "This is my new girlfriend Delly. Delly, this is my Best Girl Friend and honorary sister Katniss and my friend Johanna," he says and I wave. She still seems mad so I decide to play with her and snuggle into him. "Honorary sister is right. I know every single embarrassing secret and I could ruin his rep in a millisecond," I say. "It's true. She can and will ruin me," he says. "Aww baby you know I'm not going to that," I say sit down on the steps while extending my arms which he walks into gratefully. He rests his head on my chest and I play with the tiny stubble on his cheek. Whenever he's sad or chilling we always can be found in this position. Delly asks if this is a norm for us and we both nod. She obviously looks uncomfortable so I decide my work is done. "I've got to get home now. Are you coming to my graduation party tonight?" I say as we get up. "Sure," he says to me. "If you want you can come. I'm got enough room for one more," I tell Delly and she nods. "Okay, see ya Peeta, later Delly," I say and Johanna says 'see ya at the party Buff 'n Stuff'. We get into my black Jeep Grand Cherokee and Finnick and Annie say bye was they walk in the direction to the café owned by my family friend Greasy Sae. We drive to the house and I get a text from my baby sister who is 13, Prim, saying she's at Gale's house hanging out with his little brother Rory. The house is empty since my mom is a doctor and works late hours and my dad is cop. My parents don't get home until 9 o'clock at night and I'm basically a mother to Prim. I throw my keys on the table and run upstairs to change into my jeans shorts and white spaghetti strap shirt. When I get down I hear my favorite song start to play. Suddenly, my choice is clear I knew when only you and I were standing here Gale walks in and starts singing the male part. And beautiful, is all I see It's only you I know it's true it has to be The music picks up and we start singing again. That money isn't worth a thing if you didn't earn it, you don't deserve it True love doesn't cost a thing and if you try to buy it, you can't return it no no no no Your friends are doing all the same things My friends say look at what you're wasting Well it doesn't matter if we change their minds Suddenly I can see what I didn't before And I don't care what they say anymore Cause I'm falling falling Finally falling falling Well I don't need all the finer things diamond rings and nothing so show me something Cause love is all I need, all I ever wanted, and now I've got it Yeah yeah yeah yeah My friends are wondering what you're thinking And your friends are probably thinking the same thing But it doesn't matter if we change their minds Suddenly I can see what I didn't before And I don't care what they say anymore Cause I'm falling falling Finally falling falling If you can't find love when you're in it Don't forget it It would change your mind once you get it Don't you get it? Cause we did it Yeah we did it Well we did it Suddenly I can see what I didn't before And I don't care what they say anymore Cause I'm falling falling Finally falling falling Finally falling falling (falling) Finally falling falling (falling) Finally falling falling (falling) It's now that I notice the song is over and Johanna was recording us singing. "Are you going to upload that?" I ask her. "Yes," she says and hits send. She puts it down while it uploads and I watch TV. I look at my phone and see that I need to start setting up. I tell this to Johanna and Gale and we get ready. Peeta's POV I shrug on my jacket and take Delly's hand as we walk up to Katniss's house. She opens the door and is wearing a gold colored top (Like the one in "Sweet Dreams" by Beyoncé) , dark jeans, and some black heels. Her hair is in soft waves and she has little makeup on. "Hey you guys," she says. She has a Pepsi in her hand and hugs me with one arm. "Hey Katniss," Delly says. "Nice to see you mad it. Finnick and Gale are in an arm wrestling challenge and want you to join," she says to me. I nod and start to walk away when Delly grabs my arm. "Can I talk to you first," Delly asks me and I nod. Katniss says she's going to find Johanna and Annie. I take her into the far back of the house where Katniss's room is and lock the door. "What?" I ask. "I don't like how you act around her," Delly says. "How do I act around her?" "Like she's your girlfriend and not me," she says. "Delly, we've been friends since I first moved here. We always act like that," I tell her. "Are you sure? Because when she found out I was your girlfriend she started to shoot my