Hello Everyone! Yes, I have embarked upon the insanity of writing another multi-chaptered story!! This time I decided to write about Aragorn and his young life in Imladris. It is something that has always fascinated me. I've started though with how Arathorn and Gilraen, his parents meet up. There is a little about them in various Tolkien encyclopedias and the HoME series and I thought it would be interesting to flesh it out a bit and give them a little life as characters! I hope you enjoy it and review it!! I really want to know what you all think! MM Chapter 1 – A Gift Received The Chieftain's son overlooked the tribal settlement on the forested shores of Lake Evendim from the high grassy bluff that stood off to one side some distance from the encampment. His father had been right. Dirhael's tribe was nestled in for the winter, the men having returned to this place after their travels over the spring and summer to gather what they could to provide for the winter's onslaught. Arathorn sat tall and proud in his saddle. His keen gray eyes surveyed the tidy enclave with approval. His father would be pleased at how well Dirhael and his people were getting on after the tragedy that saw a third of the northern tribal leader's people killed in an Orc ambush six months earlier. Dirhael had not completely forgiven Arador for, as he saw it, allowing the ambush to happen. It had not been his father's fault; the orc attacks had come thick and fast that spring and Arador's forces had been stretched. His father had told Dirhael many times that, if Dirhael could only keep his tribe closer to Fornost, then Arador could offer more protection when need demanded it. Dirhael, unfortunately, would hear nothing of it. He said that his people always traveled that territory and would remain on their traditional lands. Arathorn ruefully shook his head and thought of the stubborn old man. Perhaps the gift of winter grains that his company bore would help bridge the gap between Chieftain and thane. It was Arador's hope that it would, because he'd always had a great deal of respect for this northern thane, even given his stubborn temperament. He always said it was men of stubbornness and conviction such as Dirhael that allowed the Dunedain of the north to survive the destruction of their kingdom for nearly 2000 years and keep their identity and their ways living for as long as they have. Erkenthal, a bearded, burly man with flaming red hair and a scar running across the breadth of his left cheek, rode up and said, "Beg pardon, my lord, but hadn't we better be riding along before their guards approach." Just then horses came thundering up the bluff and blocked the most desired path of escape. A young, perhaps too young, guardsman, had his sword half-drawn sword and was perched upon a dappled gray stallion straining to be let loose. He demanded, "Who are you and what business do you have in these lands?" Arathorn turned his horse to the young rider, brooch that proclaimed his heritage gleamed on his cloak as he said, "I come from the Chieftain, bearing gifts of winter grain and ale for Dirhael's people, in token of kinship and love" At seeing the flash of the brooch, the young rider motioned to those in his command to lower their weapons and stand easy. "Many pardons, Arathorn, son of Arador. These days it does not pay to be careless, as we found out to our great cost." A look of pain across the young man's blue eyes, eyes that had seen too much to their short span of years. He said, "I am Erithain, Captain of the First Watch. I am at your service, my lord." The solemn youth bent his dark head and touched his brow and heart in the way of the Northern tribes. Arathorn returned the greeting in kind and replied, "Your fealty honors my father and I." He intoned the formal response, and wondered who the boy was. In Dunedain tradition the thane's oldest son was the watch commander, but this boy was too young to be either of Dirhael's of-age sons. To cover his confusion he asked, "Now, tell me Erithain, how fares your people?" "As well as can be expected, my lord," came the somewhat guarded response. "Come let us return to the village. The Thane will wish to have words with you and thank you for this gift." Arathorn smiled inwardly. He noted the young captain's choice of words and inferred from this short exchange that Dirhael had not yet forgotten his grievances with Arador and was not likely to do so quickly. ~*~*~*~*~*~ The winter village of Dirhael's people consisted of neat rectangular houses, either made of wattle and daub or wood. Their dwellings had sloping thatched roofs out of which hearth smoke escaped and most appeared to be sunk into the ground. There were attached to pens in which were kept a few goats and chickens. Off to one side of the village were kept the few communal sheep that were left to the tribe. Erithain lead them to the largest house in the center of the winter village and bade them to tether their horses at the fence to the side of the small hall's door. Arathorn motioned for his company of four to dismount and follow the dark youth. Once inside, Erithain motioned for them to wait. The smell of fresh rushes and hearth smoke reminded Arathorn of his father's hall. He looked around the relatively spacious room and saw that it was sparsely furnished. The hearth was ensconced in the center of the room and gave off some light and a copious amount of smoke, most which found its way to the upper reaches of the roof. He heard the familiar shuttling of a loom and looked in the direction of the sound. A young woman sat working deftly. He could not see her face but he noticed the graceful way she casually flicked the heavy single braid of honey brown hair back over her shoulder. He was mesmerized watching the rhythmic movements of the woman's hands over the loom when a voice broke his concentration. He blinked and turned to the voice. Erithain was looking at him with a suspicious eye and looked in the direction of the loom. Arathorn thought he caught a glimmer of a frown on the young captain's face but in a second or two it was replaced with a schooled control. Arathorn noted that with interest. "My father will see you now," said Erithain. Arathorn looked with surprise at the solemn young captain. He did not realize it was the thane's son he had been dealing with. He had only known of Dirhael's two oldest sons and, in a flash, remembered that both the northern thane's oldest sons perished in the ambush. The youth, who looked all of seventeen, was now by right and tragic necessity the watch commander. Arathorn noticed Erithain staring at him, muted anger and defiance shining in eyes that seemed to say, "Now you realize the extent of our loss, what have you to say?" Out loud the young captain said, "This way, if you please." He motioned toward the opening in the partition. Arathorn and Erkenthal stepped forward to follow the solemn youth. Behind the partitioning wall sat Dirhael, an older but hale man of with piercing gray eyes and a stubborn and strong set in his square chin. Rare streaks of white were shot through his black beard and shoulder length hair. He sat at the end of a long table with benches on either side. He alone sat in a plain chair, clearly a mark of distinction, and was in discussion with counsel when Arathorn entered the partition. Two candlesticks the height of a tall man stood on either side of the plain chair. Erithain announced, "The Chieftain's son, father." Dirhael looked up and Arathorn noticed with compassion that the older man's eyes born the pained testament to the tragedy his people had endured. The thane broke off his conversation and rose to his feet. He said, "You honour us with your presence, my lord." He touched his hand to his brow and his heart in the same fashion as his son. Dirhael spoke the traditional words of greeting but it was clear from his cool tone and manner that he still held Arador responsible for what had happened to his people. "Your fealty honours my father and I, Dirhael-thane. I come bearing gifts from the Chieftain." Dirhael surveyed him with keen gray eyes and something inside seemed to relent and he motioned for Arathorn and Erkenthal to sit. The thane called out, "Gilraen!" Arathorn heard the shuttle of the loom cease its constant motion and light footsteps cross the threshold of the partition and stop behind him. She asked, "Yes, Father?" The voice was strong and sure of itself, if touched with solemnity. Arathorn looked up to see the owner of such a voice. His gray eyes met warm hazel ones that were not usually so somber. The deep laugh lines at each corner were proof of that. They stared at each other for a moment; Gilraen was the first to look away and he saw a faint blush come to her cheeks. He was absurdly pleased by that and barely heard Dirhael request that ale be brought for his honored guests. When he looked at his host to thank him for the courtesy he noticed a look of trepidation on the thane's face that mirrored Erithain's expression earlier. With some reservation in his voice, Dirhael said, "May I introduce my daughter, Gilraen, my lord?" The thane looked his daughter, "Gilraen, this is Arathorn, son of the Chieftain." Arathorn stood and again looked into the hazel eyes and said, "It is an honour to meet you, my lady," holding her gaze as she dropped a small curtsy, watching her colour again under his mild scrutiny. Gilraen gazed into stern gray eyes and was held by what she saw there. Arathorn's eyes had resolve and command, to be sure, but they also had a gentleness that she did not expect to find within so stern a warrior. "The honour is all mine, I'm sure," she managed to say, albeit it a little shakier than she might have wanted. "Yes, well. Be off with you and bring back the ale and a light repast." Dirhael broke the moment. Gilraen curtsied again and quickly left to fulfill her errand. Arathorn blinked and surveyed with interest the various expressions on the faces that surrounded him. Erkenthal smiled a knowing smile that made Arathorn want to forget who he was and punch his second-in-command. Erithain glowered at the table with a harsh frown on his face. He would have wiped it away immediately if he had known it was there. The counsel to the thane's left was busily studying the carving on his wine cup. Dirhael, who had been staring at Arathorn in accusation and challenge before he schooled it away, was the most intense of all. He said, "To return to matters at hand, you say you have brought a gift." Turning his mind towards the foodstuffs in the small wagon Arathorn answered, "Yes, winter grain and ale to help see you through the months ahead. My father fervently hopes that they will be useful to you and your people." Bending his proud brow, Dirhael said with dignity, "They are gratefully received and I send many thanks to the Chieftain. Hospitality and good cheer have been sadly lacking at our table these past months and I'm sure this will help restore it." Arathorn heard the unmistakable quotation marks around "this" and his thoughts went again to honey brown hair and hazel eyes. ~*~*~*~*~ Gilraen was glad to depart the hall. She leaned against the