Disclaimer: I do not hold any rights to the Harry Potter series, its characters, or setting. This work is meant as a practicing tool and does not receive any financial gains. Update: 03/29/16 Please be warned the first few chapters are quite rough as I have been learning through trial and error of what works properly when writing a story. I do not intend to revisit these chapters to clean them up until this work is much closer to completion. Chapter One Alex looked at his reflection in the carriage window. He toyed with the bangs that had fallen in front of his eyes. Maybe he should have cut it after all, it attracted too much attention even before he let it grow so long. The unusual circumstances around his birth had left him with pure snow white hair and winter gray eyes. His appearance was enough to garner the unwanted attention of the blood purists. They ridiculed him for blood status, calling him a wide range of insults from unclean to abomination. In his early years at Hogwarts the antagonizing and had been difficult to withstand on his own, lucky for him though that he was sorted into Gryffindor house who stood behind him against the ridicule. The Weasly twins, Fred and George, had turned out to be his greatest friends. The door to the compartment opened, pulling Alex from his reverie. He looked over to see three of his housemates enter. "Hey there Harry, Ron, Hermione, have a good summer?" "We did thanks, mind if we share your compartment everywhere else is full" Ron asked plopping down onto the bench without waiting for an answer. The youngest of the Weasly boys could be trying at times, especially so after he had beaten you at chess. "Honestly Ron, you could at least wait for an answer before sitting down." Hermione admonished. The young witch was incredibly bright to be sure, but she had an annoying penchant for following the rules to a fault, even going so far as to correct others in there mistakes. Though from what the third member of the group said she was a tried and true friend. "You don't mind if we sit here do you?" She asked. "No please I could use the company." Alex said gesturing at the seats. Hermione took the seat next to him leaving the final member of the trio, Harry to sit across from him. Alex looked the boy over. It seemed Alex wasn't the only one to let his hair grow over the summer. "Alright there Harry?" Harry gave a half hearted smile, "Yea, I'm excited to get back to Hogwarts." "And Katie Bell," Ron teased, earning him an elbow in the ribs. Alex couldn't let the chance go. "Katie Bell? I can't deny she's cute, you ask her out yet?" Harry looked up eyes wide in surprise that he would suggest that he had. "W-well...I mean it's not like haven't thought about it...that is to say I want to... B-but..." "You're not really sure how?" Alex asked. Instead of answering Harry just nodded, not trusting his words. "You better get around to it this year or someone is bound to beat you to it." Alex said, to which Harry only nodded. "Blimey Harry just walk up and tell her she is pretty and you want her to be your girlfriend" Ron said thumping Harry on the back. "And that is why you Ronniekins don't have a girlfriend." Came a voice from the door. Alex looked over to see the Weasly twins in the doorway. "Alex how've you been mate? Care to join us? We have the next round of products lined up." "Yea I'll be along in a sec." Alex turned back to Harry "Find a way to spend time with her, not too much time mind you but some. Have fun, but don't force it and when the time is right ask her to Hogsmead, just you and her." He clapped Harry on the shoulder and made to exit the compartment. "How will I know when the time is right?" Harry asked before Alex could leave. Alex turned, "You won't." He laughed at Harry's hopeless expression. "Look for it and you will miss your chance, feel for it and you might have a shot. Some guidelines though, make sure she is in a good mood and don't put her in the awkward position by asking her in front of people. Be honest and you'll do fine. Good luck." He turned and exited the compartment. Alex spent the rest of the train ride with Fred, George, and Lee Jordan testing out some of the twins new inventions. By the time they arrived in Hogsmead Fred's hair had turned into yellow feathers, George looked sunburnt, Lee having had the puking pastie looked like death warmed over. Alex came out of the ordeal with his hair twice the length than it was when he boarded the train, curtesy of the improved joke wands. After a lecture from McGonagall and a visit to Madam Pomfrey the four were able to return to the feast, having only missed the sorting they were just in time for the food. Once every one had eaten their fill and the plates had cleared away did the headmaster stand to give his opening speech. "Let me begin by welcoming our newest members of our family to Hogwarts. And of course I would like to welcome our returning students back for another year at our illustrious school. I have exciting news to share with you all this year. But first a few announcements, our caretaker Mr Filtch would like me to remind you that a full list of rules of conduct are posted just outside the hall. If you have not read them be sure to do so. I would also like to introduce this years Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher Alastor Moody." The headmaster gestured to a man in a heavy leather coat who looked as if he suspected a dragon might leap from his goblet. Though with all the scars the man bore, such a thing may very well have happened. "Quidditch this year will be somewhat different than normal and will see an accelerated schedule due to other events that will be taking place." The headmaster paused raising a hand to quell the whispering that had broken out. "If there are any positions open in your team I suggest you fill them quickly. There will be a special trophy for the winning team this year. In addition to Quidditch there will be a dueling tournament held. The details will be addressed by your heads of houses in the coming week. "And finally the big news" the headmaster paused for dramatic effect. "Hogwarts has been given the honor to host the first Triwizard tournament in over a century." At his words the hall erupted in quiet speculation and excited chattering. "Now I know you all want to know more about the the tournament but I'm afraid I will have to ask you to wait until the end of the week when all potential participants will be present. Which brings me to the announcement that The proud schools of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be joining us this year for the tournament. I expect the two schools will have arrived by the end of the week at the latest. Now before you all get your hopes up of participating only students of the age seventeen or older may submit their names for the tournament." An uproar at the announcement rose to the point that Dumbledor had to use his wand to call for silence over the students. "I know you are upset by this but I assure you that it is for your own safety that the restriction was put in place. In past tournaments many contestants have found themselves hopelessly out of their depth and as a result perished in what was intended as a prestigious sporting event. As it stands only those who may make the choice for themselves shall be allowed to enter. "And finaly bit of news i, sure everyone will welcome. All classes for the week are canceled in hopes to better organize ourselves for the coming months. I suggest you use this time to bolster your Quidditch teams and if interested, try out for the dueling tournament." Dumbledor clapped his hands together once, "Now as exciting as this year promises to be, I'm afraid you must be off to bed. Goodnight all and good luck in your endeavors for the year." Dumbledor stepped down from the podium and turned to address the teachers. "Well shall we?" Alex said getting up from the table. He along with the rest of the student body shuffled out of the great hall in the direction of their respective dormitories. Each student undoubtably pondering the events to be held during the year and likely what role they wish to fill. Alex for his part only listened to Fred and George as they began to scheme a way to trick their way into the Triwizard tournament. Slowly they made their way up to the seventh floor to the Gryffindor common room pausing only briefly to await someone who knew the password (unity) before they could enter. The common room stayed busy with discussions about the tournaments but slowly everyone filtered out to their beds. Alex made sure to go to bed early so as to sweep his bed for pranks, a constant threat when you share a dorm with the Weasly twins. The next morning was marked by a gathering of students at the notice board. Three notes had been placed on the board. There were two different notices about the upcoming dueling tournaments and one showing the schedule for Quidditch matches. The first match to be Gryffindor verses Slytherin. Alex looked at the fifteen matches to be held during the year, and was surprised to see that both Beauxbatons and Durmstrang would be participating in the Quidditch matches. Reading over the dueling notices he was surprised to see that there were in fact two separate dueling tournaments the first would be a one on one tournament, where as the other was to be a doubles tournament. Registration for the singles tournament would be next week and registration for the doubles tournament would be held in the first week of October. "Hey Alex," one of the twins placed a hand on his shoulder and turned him away from the notice board. "Angelina is quidditch captain this year and is holding tryouts this afternoon. Looks like she wants to get an early start this year." He thumped Alex on the back, "Gotta find the rest of the team and let them know." He waved and exited through the portrait. "Nice of a bloke to let his own brother know," a voice grumbled from behind Alex. He turned to find Ron looking after his brother before turning back to face Alex. "You going out for keeper too?" Alex had to admit he had toyed with the idea that he might want to play Quidditch but up until this year there were no spots open. "I thought I might give it a shot though I've never played before." Ron brightened up a bit at the information. "Don't worry mate, just try to stay on your broom and I'm sure you will do alright. Though if I make the team over you no hard feelings right? I play keeper when we play over the summer so I feel like I have a good shot at it." He puffed out his chest proudly, looking for all the world as though he couldn't fathom anyone else being made keeper. "But good luck to you anyway." He offered his hand to Alex. Alex had to remind himself that tossing a boy, two years his junior, across the room would be frowned upon, so instead he took his hand and wished the boy