Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. "Isn't this just special," King Aeacus said flatly. He balanced his glasses precariously on the tip of his nose and studied the book that sat in front of him on the judgment table. Roy O'Conner studied the man carefully, trying to read into his apathy. Despite his relaxed posture and sarcastic words, his eyes scanned the pages of the book intently. Nervous chatter sounded behind Roy, but he couldn't concentrate on it. He wouldn't. This was his turn. The others could wait. After waiting for so long – he had no idea exactly how long (he felt sure it could have been weeks) – he was finally getting judged. I can't believe this is real. It was real – he was really in the Underworld, getting "judged" by a panel of people from ages past. This was the moment his life had been building up to. The moment where he found out if he'd done good. If he'd go to paradise or – he refused to glance at the barren fields beyond the panel – to something worse. "One of the few in my time," a man commented. Roy couldn't be certain, but he was almost positive it was Thomas Jefferson. Thomas Jefferson. He's dead , Roy told himself. Dead for hundreds of years. A sharp pang in his chest. Well, Roy. You're dead now, too. "Roy –" King Aeacus started verbosely, only to cut off. Looking back at the pages of his book, he searched for something. "- O' Conner, is it?" He finally concluded. Roy nodded. They didn't even remember his name. What could that possibly say about the other deeds he'd done in his life? "Died in war," Aeacus continued reading from the pages of his book. "A bullet in the chest. Yes. Very noble." King Aeacus sounded as though he could have cared less. "We –" Roy began, trying to think of anything to make his life seem more important. To make his death seem as though it'd been brave. "We were advancing on the enemy lines, one of my best buddies, his name is Troy, I couldn't just -" "Yes," King Aeacus snapped. "I've already read the synopsis." Roy felt a burst of anger flare up in him – how dare he speak to him so callously – before he realized that this man held his fate in his hands. "Born and raised in Massachusetts, United States. Son of a millionaire. Mother died years ago. Father spoiled you rotten until you became an arrogant, ungrateful party boy. Joined the war as an act of rebellion. And then you died." Roy blinked. Yes – it was all true. But it wasn't that simple. He had reasons for all of it. He wasn't a one-sided coin. He was more than those labels. "Please," Roy finally said. He could feel panic crawling up his arms. They couldn't judge him badly. They just couldn't. "I'm a good person, I promise." Thomas Jefferson shook his head sadly. "I expected more from Luke." Roy looked at him strangely. King Aeacus cleared his throat loudly. "Now, boy. The council has no choice but to allow you into the Fields of Elysium due to your heroic death, regardless of your previous behavior in life." Roy felt all the tension leave his body. Paradise. "However, we are also required to inform you that this is your third heroic life. The third time you've lived, and the third time you've died a hero." Roy wanted to laugh. But laughter did not seem to be possible in this place. "You're mistaken," Roy finally managed. "I've only ever just been me." William Shakespeare – and Roy knew it was him, because he wore a name tag – rolled his eyes. King Aeacus closed his book and waved it in the air, showing it to Roy plainly. "I've got the proof, if you refuse to believe me. But let's move past this quibble. Whether you choose to believe it or not, this is the third time we've judged you, Roy. The first time, you were Luke Castellan. The second you were Noah Johnson." Luke Castellan. Noah Johnson. He felt no connection, no recollection – nothing – to either of those names. "Okay?" He replied. "What does that mean?" King Minos grunted and shook his head. "Useless. All of them - useless. He doesn't even know what he's achieved." "It means," King Aeacus said without kindness nor malice, "that you may reside on the Isles of the Blest. Reserved only for those who live three heroic lives." Roy looked around as though he could see these "Isles of the Blest". He couldn't, of course. But a familiar warmth was spreading throughout his body. A pride that he'd had most of his life. A feeling of superiority, of entitlement, of privilege – "Enough of that," another man on the panel scolded. Roy calmed himself and wondered how they knew what he was feeling. "You've stood before us twice before and made the choice to return to the living, to be reborn into another life. To drink of the River Lethe and forget all you've ever known." "I want to remember now," Roy told them. "Tell me about my previous lives." King Minos laughed without humor. "How silly. You forget for a reason." King Aeacus nodded curtly. "We've got no time to indulge you. Many more souls to judge before lunch. Please pass." And he was waved through out of the Judgment Pavilion. Just like that, it was over. He idled near the exit and looked in every direction. He certainly hoped that the Isles of the Blest were far away from this depressing place. All around him, people – well, he supposed they were still classified as people – wandered about aimlessly, blank looks on their faces. A man with gray hair stumbled across the trail Roy was standing on, his eyes glassy and his clothes worn. Roy suddenly felt the same rush of relief and gratitude he'd felt only moments before – these people, all around him, they were just shadows of who they once were. Probably not a thought in their mind, a hope in their heart – their lives were over – It was all very depressing. "I'm your guide," a warm voice spoke suddenly from behind him, startling Roy out of his contemplation. He turned sharply to see a smiling man looking down at him. "My guide?" Roy asked, scanning the man's attire. A simple blue uniform, a nametag, and work boots. The man nodded, undeterred by Roy's hesitance. "Follow me." Roy followed. It was better than wandering around in a field of zombies until he found the Isles of the Blest. Even if this man was crazy, at least he was happy. Before they took five footsteps, the man was speaking again. "They aren't allowed to reveal any details about past lives, you know. Against the rules." Roy shrugged. "Why? I'm dead. What harm could possibly come from it?" His companion smiled. "Oh, you'd be surprised. Try having three different personas. Three different sets of parents, of relatives, of friends, of personalities, of occupations - well, you get the point. It can be difficult to distinguish who you really are." Roy couldn't imagine how he'd possibly lived three different lives. He'd been three different people. The man winked at him. "Yes, I can see where it'd be difficult to come to terms with. You drank from the River Lethe. There's no remembering after you've tasted that water." They walked in silence for many moments as they journeyed up a hill and toward a tall set of gates in the distance. All Roy could see, past the gates, was a plethora of bright colors that stood out starkly against the dark atmosphere of the rest of the Underworld. "But what if I wanted to remember? Just to know?" Roy asked curiously. "The only way you will ever know is if someone recognizes you in there," the man said as he pointed toward the Fields of the Elysium and Isles of the Blest. "Only your memory has been erased, not your appearance." Roy nodded. "Okay. So I need to find some old friends of Noah Johnson and Luke Castell." "Castellan," the man corrected. He brought one hand up to rest on Roy's shoulder. "Congratulations are in order. Not many have the perseverance or the goodness in their hearts to make it to the Isles of the Blest. Only the very best." Roy nodded, feeling slightly light-headed despite the fact that he was dead. When they finally reached the gates, Roy looked up at the sign with wonderment and said nothing. He was stunned speechless. This end – the end of his . . . well, life , really – was only the beginning. A new journey started beyond the gates in front of him, in this place where he would remain forever. "This is the last time I will see you," the man said very seriously. Roy nodded solemnly. He'd only known his guide for a very short amount of time – maybe five minutes, give or take – but be that as it may, he was the only person Roy had. The only one who could wish him well, say goodbye, push him through the gates to his new life. "Okay," Roy said shakily. "Well, it was nice to know you, I guess. Thanks for helping me." His companion turned him around and put both hands on his shoulders. "It is only right that you should see me as well," the man said, his voice soft, continuing his line of thinking as though Roy had not spoken at all. An excruciating pain shot through Roy's head, down his spine, and to his toes. His vision blacked and his body swayed. This was worse than the bullet that killed him – this was like being ripped apart, slowly and carefully. When Roy could finally see again, he blinked hard to clear his vision and reached out to grab the man and steady himself. "What –" The breath left his body. Mischievous eyes. A knowing smile. Upturned nose and elfish ears. Salt and pepper hair. And that uniform – there was a nametag – but suddenly, he didn't need a nametag to know that it was – it was – "Dad." The earth shook violently as thunder rumbled all around them. "Yes, yes, blah, blah, blah – I broke the rules –" Hermes muttered, his eyes on the sky. "As if you expected anything different." Roy – Luke – Noah – He suddenly remembered everything as if he'd never forgotten. Flashes of his most recent life were clearer, of his time as Roy O'Conner. And then flashes of his life as Noah Johnson – it had been a simple life, lived as a farmer and died as an old man. And then there were his memories of Luke Castellan. The strangest memories he seemed to have, memories that made him wonder if they were nightmares. Fantastical creatures, bloody battles, a man with golden eyes - a girl with blonde hair – The realization that his final decision as Luke Castellan – the decision to go for the Isles of the Blest – had been realized. Here he was. Standing outside the gates. With something akin to terror, he stepped back from Hermes. He'd betrayed the Gods, he'd helped Kronos – Luke remembered how temperamental they were, and surely his own father would not forget all the blasphemy Luke had spoken against him. Some of the worst punishments in Olympian history had been dealt out by parents – maybe his hope for a new beginning in the Isles of the Blest was short-lived. "I'm not here to reprimand you," Hermes muttered softly. His blue eyes were wide, clear, and knowledgeable as they stared imploringly into Luke's. Luke – Roy – Noah – whoever he was (he could suddenly identify