SERIES TITLE: Too Many Memories STORY TITLE: Petunia's New Life PART: 01 of 01 AUTHOR: Red Jacobson ( ) DISTRIBUTION: HP FanFiction Archive, Archive of Our Own, Harry Potter Adult Fan Fiction DISCLAIMER: None of the Characters You Recognize belong to me, they all belong to JK Rowling and her publishers. SUMMARY: After Fourth Year, A Much Darker Harry makes some changes at Privet Drive FEEDBACK: Of course! It Makes Me Write Faster CATEGORY: Slaves RELATIONSHIPS (For this story): Harry/Petunia, mentions of Harry/Multi RATING: NC-17 WORD COUNT: 12,028 SPOILERS: None, if you don't know how the Harry Potter story goes by now, why are you reading this story? WARNINGS WARNINGS WARNINGS I'm Not Kidding Around About This! This is a flat out Evil Harry, he's not gray, he's not dark, he's evil. If You've ever read any of my stories, you know what to expect, Oral, anal, Femme-slash, dom/sub, multiple partners, and Femme-cest. Those things are included, or at least referenced in the story. But there will also be Torture, Mind Control, Incest, sexual slavery, references to forced prostitution and character deaths. AUTHORS NOTES: This is not your daddy's Harry Potter! He came back from the Third Task a very changed person BETA'D: By Spellcheck Saturday, July 3rd, 1995 Number 4, Privet Drive Surrey Petunia had been inexplicably nervous ever since they had picked the freak up at the train station. It wasn't anything she could put her finger on, but something had definitely changed about the boy. He was still quiet, but the way he looked at them... like they were interesting bugs or something, it sent a shiver down her spine. She wondered, not for the first time, just what was going on at that freak school of his? She didn't say anything on the ride back, and her poor Vernon and Dudley had been concentrating on their own concerns, so she didn't want to disturb them. It wasn't until they were all at home and the door shut behind them that she discovered she was right to be nervous. Vernon had turned to the freak, and was just about to put him in is proper place, when the freak seemed to change , to become bigger, and his eyes started to glow! For the first time in her life, she was afraid of the boy, she didn't know what happened, but he was a danger to her now. "Quiet Vernon," the boy stated calmly, "Things have changed, and I'm the one in charge now." She looked at her husband, expecting to see the fury rising on his face, but her blood turned to ice water when she saw the blank expression and the glassy eyes. Dudley saw the same thing and tried to rush the freak, when he was pushed backward onto the couch. "I'll be getting to you in a moment Dudders, don't be in such a rush." Turning back to Vernon, he continued, "This is what you are going to do. First, you are going to go into the kitchen, and, taking a notepad that is on the counter, you are going to write down, legibly, all of you bank account information, including the ones that Petunia doesn't know about. You are going to write a letter giving her access to all of your accounts, as well as all of your PIN Numbers to every bank card and credit card you have." Petunia wanted to protest, that Vernon couldn't possibly have accounts she didn't know about, but something made her stay quiet. The freak continued, and she could feel the power leaking out of him now, "After you have done that, on a separate list, I want you to write down all your secrets, the things that you would rather die than let Petunia or anyone else know. Then, list all the locations that you have cash and valuables, including the life insurance policies on everyone of your family, including Marge." 'What in the world is going on here?' Petunia wondered, 'those questions are far too specific for him to be just guessing.' "And finally, when you have done that, you will go upstairs and go to bed, not waking until 7am tomorrow morning. When you wake, you will shower and dress, and then come down to the kitchen for further instructions. Do you understand?" "I understand" Vernon replied, and Petunia almost cried at the mechanical tone in his voice, like he was nothing more than a robot responding to his programming. The freak then turned away as Vernon lumbered toward the kitchen to follow his instructions. Walking over to her precious Dudders, the freak smiled coldly, and gestured. Dudley rose to his feet, and she sobbed seeing the same blank look on his face. "Now, Dudders, you are to go up to your room and get a fresh notebook and something to write with, and join your father at the kitchen table. When you are there, you will write down all of the hiding places for your cash and your drugs, as well as any other illegal items you've gotten your hands on. You will also list all of the people you have done business with, and a complete list of all the crimes you and your gang have committed. When you have done that, you will go up to your room and go to bed, sleeping until 7:30 tomorrow morning. After you awake, you will take a shower and get dressed, coming down to the kitchen for further instructions." Raising his voice slightly, "Vernon and Dudley, from now until you have completed all the tasks I have given you, you will pay absolutely no attention to anything else that happens in this house." Both of them nodded jerkily, and then the freak turned to her with an evil smile. "Now Petunia, while they are occupied and will not notice a thing we do, it's time for you to get what you deserve," he said in a silky voice. She wanted to move, to slap him, to do anything to get that look off his face, but she found she couldn't move. "You see, I found out some things at the end of the last year, and decided that I was through being manipulated by that old bastard Dumbledore and all of his flunkies. The old man had been lying to me, to you, to everyone for years about why I had to stay here. At least, he thought he was lying, but, strangely, there was a nugget of truth in his claims that I gained protection by staying where my mother's blood lived. Not that he will ever have a chance to realize it, since I expect he's been dead for the last few hours." Petunia couldn't help herself, she gasped at the thought that the powerful old man, as much as she despised him, could be dead. The freak chuckled, "Oh, he's only one of the mysterious deaths that will be discovered over the next several days. Your old friend Severus Snape, you remember him? The boy you tried to take away from being Lily's friend by sucking him off and letting him fuck you in the woods behind your family's house? Well, his head will be discovered on the desk of the Head of the Magical Law Enforcement Division in a day or so, with a pouch stuffed with 30 silver coins in his mouth. He died in agony as all of the students who he had raped took turns raping him with spiked dildos. It took him nearly 72 hours before I let him die, it was quite exhilarating!" Petunia had been worried before, but now she was absolutely terrified, not only by what had happened to Severus, but by the realization that the freak was completely insane, and she was trapped alone with him! He seemed to have read her mind, because he chuckled, "Oh, don't worry Petunia, I have no intention at all of killing you." She must have shown a sign of relief on her face, because his grin turned positively feral, "Oh no, you won't get off so easily as just dying, I've got plans for you, lots and lots plans!" He reached out and brushed his hand over her breasts, making her squirm uncomfortably, as she realized what he intended for her. "You see, Petunia, one of the things I discovered was that I require a great deal of sexual activity. Multiple times a day in fact. And until I can arrange to have my slaves arrive, you will be providing that service for me." She looked sick at the very idea, and he laughed, "Oh, I know that I could find plenty of willing partners here in town, I like the idea of having you as my unwilling partner. After all, you deserve a great deal of punishment for what you've done to me over the years, and I will make sure you receive payment for every bit of it." Petunia nearly fainted when he finished, because instead of the freakish boy who had lived under her roof for so many years, this monstrous thing was towering over her. It was still recognizable as the boy, but stood at least three feet taller, and his suddenly naked body showed muscles that no human body could have! Involuntarily, her eyes dropped below his waist, and a muffled scream forced itself from her throat, as she saw what he had. It was almost a foot long, and extremely thick, she was afraid he would break her bones shoving that inside her! Then, in a blink of an eye, the boy was back to his usual appearance, fully dressed, and he laughed softly. "Don't worry Petunia, unless you truly do something to displease me, I will be in my human proportions when I fuck you. You would have to be one of my Veela to be able to accommodate my true form, and even they have difficulty at times." He reached up and started removing his shirt, "I believe we have talked long enough, it's time to begin. Remove your clothing and stand naked before me." His voice was calm, but there was an undeniable power in the words, and she started to undress. Her trembling fingers struggled to undo the buttons on her blouse, but eventually got them all open. Dropping her blouse to the floor, she reached back and unhooked her bra, letting the freak see her breasts. She kept her eyes lowered, not wanting to see the look on the boys' face as she removed her skirt, standing there in her plain white knickers. Tears forming in her eyes, she pushed the knickers over her hips and slid them down her legs, standing there, completely nude in front of the boy, while her husband and son sat, oblivious, just a few feet away. Raising her eyes, she cringed at the contempt on his face. He stepped forward, and ran his fingers through the lush curls between her thighs. "Oh, that won't do, that won't do at all! I refuse to tolerate a hairy woman!" Grabbing her by arm, he dragged her by the stairs to the bedroom she shared with Vernon. Opening the door to the bathroom, he shoved her inside. "Go and shave yourself, I don't want to see a bit of hair on your cunt or what comes next will be even worse than it already is!" Trembling with fear, she managed to wet a washcloth and soak the hair covering her, before using Vernon's shaving soap to coat it with lather. She silently cursed the fact that she had run out of her own shaving cream and razors a few days ago and neglected to replace them, making her use Vernon's straight razor! What made it even worse was that the freak was standing in the doorway, watching as she exposed herself to him, and knowing that he was going to be violating her and she couldn't do anything about it.