Story TITLE : Harry Potter's Golden Rule PART : 01 of ? AUTHOR : Red Jacobson ( ) WEBSITE : .uk/harem DISTRIBUTION: Seraglio, My Yahoo Group DISCLAIMER : None of the Characters You Recognize belong to me, they all belong to JK Rowling and her publishers. SUMMARY : Post War, a cynical Harry decides to take what he is being offered. FEEDBACK : Of course! It Makes Me Write Faster CATEGORY : Lots of Women RELATIONSHIPS : Starts Harry/Ginny, Ron/Hermione, Draco/Astoria, becomes Harry/Multi RATING : NC-17 WORD COUNT : 7,659 SPOILERS : Canon Through Deathly Hallows, except for the Epilogue WARNINGS : If You've ever read any of my stories, you know what to expect, Oral, anal, Femme-slash, dom/sub, multiple partners, and Femme-cest. There will be some Ginny and Ron bashing in the story, but not a tremendous amount. AUTHORS NOTES: This is going to be a bit different from my other stories, to start with, Harry is a good bit more cynical than he usually is, and, to be blunt, more than a trifle misogynistic, at least at the beginning of the story. Also, this story starts post war, and starts with the canon pairings, and that includes Ron/Hermione. I know that is a deal breaker for a lot of readers, and I'm sorry, but the story I'm telling requires it. Casting Note: Astoria is played by Jenna-Louise Coleman January the 22nd, 2000 is the day that Harry Potter, the so called 'Boy Who Lived' finally died. He had destroyed Voldemort almost two years before, and settled down with a girl he thought he loved, giving her the storybook wedding and lavish lifestyle she seemed to expect. For a few weeks, he was happy, or so he told himself, but he couldn't help but wonder if there was more to life than this? He was only 18 for Merlin's sake! If he had been thinking clearly, he would have realized he was far too young to be getting married, let alone to a girl who, if he thought of her at all, was mainly as Ron's little sister for most of the time he knew her. It was shortly after they were married, that he realized what a horrendous mistake he had made. Ginny, for all her flirtatious nature, was extremely prudish in the bedroom, refusing to let him go down on her, let alone give him a knobber, and the row they had when he had suggested buggering her left the two of them not speaking to each other for days. That was also the last time that the two of them had had sex, and Harry was, quite frankly, nearly climbing the walls from frustration. He'd taken to masturbating on a daily basis, but it just wasn't the same. He had considered taking one or more of the women up on their offers, but he wanted to avoid the 'kiss and tell' stories that Rita was still peddling, at least at first. Later on, after he came to an arrangement with Rita, something still held him back, some feeling that he wasn't supposed to be happy, he'd been miserable most of his life, so why should things be different now? So he just suffered in silence, and buried himself in his work in the Auror department. That was where he was when a figure stepped up to his desk. He glanced up from the report he was working on in barely concealed irritation, and looked at the woman standing in front of him. He recognized her, of course, even though she had been a couple of years behind him, and in a different house. In fact, she (and her older sister) had started in more than a few of his wank fantasies in the past. Pasting a polite smile on his face, he said, "Mrs Malfoy, what can I do for you? If you are here dropping off your husbands bribes, oh! Excuse me, I meant 'donations', I'm afraid you are in the wrong office. The Wizengamot offices are on Level Eight. Do you require an escort?" The attractive brunette smiled thinly, "Charming as ever, Lord Potter, but no. This has to do with something I recently discovered, and thought to bring to your attention, since it affects you as well." He raised an eyebrow at her, "Really, Mrs Malfoy, I wasn't aware that you and I were part of the same social circle, so how could something affect both of us?" She didn't respond to his gibe, which intrigued him slightly, and she said, "It would be easier to show you, if you can spare 20 minutes from your oh so busy day? I promise you that it will be information that you want to know, and after that, you and I can talk." He refused to back down from the challenge in her eyes, and stood up from his desk. Wandlessly summoning his cloak, he said, "All right, you've got 20 minutes to get my interest, or I will toss you in the holding cells for filing a frivolous complaint!" She opened her mouth to respond, but closed it when he said, "Time is wasting Mrs Malfoy, so get moving." He was more than slightly tempted to slap her on her pert arse as she turned and walked out the door, but restrained himself, on the off chance that this might actually be something worthwhile. After telling Ron that he would be out for a while, he followed Astoria down the stairs and into the atrium of the building. He glanced over and saw the rebuilt Statue of Magical Brethren, and had to suppress his sneer, it had been rebuilt exactly as it was before it was destroyed in the battle at the end of his 5th year. Astoria must have noticed his reaction, and smiled slightly, "You would think that nothing changed, wouldn't you? Of course, if my dear husband has his way, that may become more true than you would like." Before he could ask her exactly what she meant by that, Draco's wife had tossed floo powder into the flames and called out "The Leaky Cauldron" and walked through the flames, disappearing. He waited until the flames turned their normal colors and did the same, managing to keep his feet when he stepped out of the fireplace into the crowded pub. He looked around and saw Astoria standing by the stairs leading up to the guest rooms, no sign of the soot from the fire to be found. Almost in spite of himself, he couldn't help but admire the figure that had always been hidden by her Hogwarts robes. He glanced up from admiring her arse and saw her looking at him with an unreadable expression on her face, although he could see the glimmer of amusement in her hazel eyes. After casting a silencing spell on herself and gesturing for him to do that same, she lead the way up to the hallway at the top of the stairs. She walked down the hall until she stopped at the door to Room 213, which was, ironically enough, the room where he had stayed before his third year. Hearing a womans voice moaning in pleasure, he paled as he realized exactly what was going on! Frowning, he dropped his wand into his hand, determined to burst in and hex whoever was there straight into St Mungo's, only to find his wrist gripped in a surprisingly strong grip, and looked up at Astoria, who leaned in close and said, "Don't bother, I have a much better vengeance in mind for the two of them." Drawing her own wand, she tapped it on the frame of a painting next to the door, and the painting faded away, giving them both an unrestricted view of Ginny and Draco naked and entwined on the bed. He stared in disbelief at the two of them, before turning aside and walking to the end of the hallway. Pulling a galleon coin out of his pocket, he tapped it with his wand and waited a few minutes, until there was the tell tale pop of Apparition, and Rita Skeeter was in front of him. "Hello Rita, how would you like to earn 1,000 galleons?" Rita grinned, "I do so love the way you start conversations, Lord Potter, what do you need?" "I have a story for you, and I think that your editors will find it interesting. You see, I'm going to be filing for divorce this afternoon, on grounds of adultery and attempted line theft against Ginevra Molly Potter and Draco Abraxus Malfoy, and, if you will go down to where Mrs Astoria Malfoy is standing, you will be able to see the evidence with your own eyes!" Her grin turned into a smirk, "So, finally got tired of the professional virgin? Does that mean you're open to giving me a tumble? Told you a couple of years ago that I wouldn't write it up, and I meant it." He chuckled, "Give it a few days for the shite-storm to die down, and I'll give you a call, we can discuss it." "Looking forward to it, but, now, I've got a job to do." She walked down the hall toward Astoria, and took a long look through the portrait, to ensure that she had all the important details before turning to Astoria and snickered, "He really doesn't have much to keep a woman satisfied, does he?" The brunette smirked, "Not even close, but I'm planning on trading up as soon as the divorce is filed. But that's not for publication yet. I'll tell you when, it will only be a day or so. That one will be worth 500 galleons for you." By that time, Astoria had canceled the spell on the portrait and they walked back to where Harry was waiting. Rita smiled at both of them, saying, "It's a pleasure doing business with you, but I need to get back to the Prophet and get to work on the article." Turning to look directly at Harry, she said, "I'll need to submit the article by 6:30 to make sure it gets into tomorrows papers, so let me know if anything changes before then, okay?" Harry nodded, and after Rita left, he turned to Astoria and said, "Okay, I'll admit you are right, that was something I needed to know. Not that I necessarily wanted to know it, of course, but better to know than not. Now, you mentioned a vengeance that would be much more satisfying than hexing your husband's bits off? I've got some ideas of my own for both of them, so we should see if they can work together." She smirked, "I'm pleased to hear you say that, Lord Potter, in fact, I was planning a conversation like that and came prepared. Reaching into her purse, she pulled out a door key. Walking further down the hall, she unlocked another door, and stepped inside, waiting for him to join her. He stepped into the room and looked around, a bit disappointed to see that it was set up as a meeting room, and not a bedroom, apparently her ideas of vengeance and his weren't quite the same, because when she had mentioned vengeance, he had thought a little tit for tat was in the cards, and it wasn't to be, damn it! Once the door closed behind them, she chuckled and said, "Lord Potter, you really need to work on your Occlumency, you've been broadcasting your thoughts practically since we left your office. And don't worry, while it won't happen quite yet, there is quite a bit of 'tit for tat' in the plans." He blushed slightly, but brightened at the implied promise in her words. Taking one of the chairs at the table, he said, "It sounds like our plans might mesh quite well, at least in general. Here is what I'm thinking, I'm going to be filing for divorce from Ginny