Story TITLE : Dark Desires Chapter Title: How It Began PART : 01 of AUTHOR : Red Jacobson ( ) WEBSITE : . DISTRIBUTION: Seraglio Only DISCLAIMER : None of the Characters You Recognize belong to me, they all belong to JK Rowling and her publishers. SUMMARY : What if There was more to the Horcrux than anyone suspected, and Harry were influenced by it? FEEDBACK : Of course! It Makes Me Write Faster CATEGORY : Harem/Lots of Women RELATIONSHIPS : Harry/Cho/Multi RATING : NC-17 WORD COUNT : 15,265 SPOILERS : None – If you don't know what happened in the books, why are you reading this story? WARNINGS : This is a very dark Harry, he is NOT the hero in this story. He is, to put it bluntly, a sexist misogynistic arse. There will be Mind Control, sexual slavery, violence, non-consensual sex, torture and various other actions in this story. This is very different from my usual stuff, so Proceed with caution. Also, quite a few characters, especially Hermione, will seem out of character, trust me, I'm aware of that, and will be explaining things as the story progresses. Additional Warning/Comment: I realize that this chapter is heavy on telling and not showing, but it's just to establish background, things will change when Harry gets to Diagon Alley later in this chapter. IMPORTANT AUTHORS NOTE: To Avoid the Under age Sex issue, Hogwarts students start the September 1st after their 16th Birthday, From the outside, the Dursleys', of Number Four, Privet Drive, seemed to be a perfectly ordinary family. Vernon and Petunia had lived in the same house for the last 18 years, give or take, and there was never any hint of trouble or scandal about them. In fact, the most noteworthy thing about them was when they had taken in their orphaned nephew, Harry 15 years ago. The neighbors were concerned, at first, at the way Harry was dressed and the occasional bruise, but that all stopped when Harry was nine years old. Nobody really knew what happened, but soon Harry was spotted out and about wearing clothes that fit properly and he had put on some weight, so he looked just like a healthy boy should look. Of course, it was about the same time that Vernon and Dudley started to lose weight, so it could just be explained as the family deciding to take better care of themselves. Naturally, it wasn't quite that simple. Everything changed the day that Harry turned nine, and started making changes in his home life. You see, Harry wasn't an ordinary child, he was a wizard, just like his father before him. On the horrible night when Harry's parents were murdered, their killer had left a large part of himself behind when he attempted to kill Harry as well. That piece of himself contained all of the killers memories and skills, and, as Harry's body grew, Voldemort started teaching him everything he knew about magic, and finally, when Harry's magic reached the stage where he could consciously manipulate it, the boy knew exactly what he wanted to do. Harry's first inclination was just to kill his aunt and uncle. He didn't really blame Dudley, his cousin was just doing what his parents taught him to do, but wanted his aunt and uncle to die in agony, but Tom convinced him that he still needed a place to live while he developed his abilities, so Harry settled for using Compulsion Charms on the three of them. Naturally, that didn't mean he didn't make them suffer for a while before putting the charms on them. After sending Dudley to bed, with a mental command that he wouldn't wake until the morning, Harry turned to his now terrified aunt and uncle. Harry experienced a thrill that he couldn't identify as he forced Vernon to strip Petunia naked and rape her before whipping her with his belt, and then when Petunia did the same to Vernon. It was a few years later, when Harry's body hit puberty that he branched out to using his magic to explore the pleasures of the female body, that he was finally able to identify the thrill he received that night. Harry never repeated that particular lesson on his relatives, but the unspoken threat was still there. He still enjoyed inflicting pain on those he hated, but started using mental pain instead of physical, because it lasted longer and didn't cause scarring. He also got quite good at Memory Charms over the years. When Harry and Dudley were eleven, they both were accepted at Smeltings, Vernon's old school, where Dudley soon distinguished himself on the athletic field, and Harry's academic achievements were regarded with awe. The two of them also earned places on the school debate team, and were good enough to represent the school at the Regional Competition for 3 years in a row. The staff was impressed by the easy way that Harry and Dudley gathered friends from all the years and social classes, although a few of them were disturbed by the strain of cruelty that Harry and his friends could show to those who weren't part of their circle, as well as the blatant sexism they displayed, but none of the students ever complained, so the teachers couldn't do anything about it, and eventually just seemed to forget their concerns. Time went by, just like always, and Harry was amused to discover that he didn't need to use the compulsion charms on Dudley and his parents as much, the behavior he had conditioned into them was now their natural personalities. Of course, he still had to use his compulsion charms on Petunia the day that she came home and found him on the couch with the next door neighbor and her daughter on their her knees in front of he and Dudley. He had deliberately brought the women into the house, because he knew that Petunia wasn't going to be out for very long, and he had something he really wanted to do. Just because they were behaving themselves now, didn't mean that Harry didn't still have a lot of anger towards his Aunt and Uncle left, and one of the things that Petunia absolutely hated was lesbian women. It was with greatest pleasure that Harry forced Petunia to strip naked and have sex with the neighbor woman while he and Dudley shagged the daughter. The neighbor had no problems with the idea, she had admitted, under Harry's questioning, that she had been known to play around with other girls when she was in college and didn't even hesitate when Harry told her to have sex with Petunia. After Petunia made the neighbor cum with her mouth, Harry locked eyes with her, and she saw the amused contempt on his face, and sobbed inwardly, knowing that he did it to her deliberately, and would probably have other degrading plans for her in the future. She was right. Harry never touched her, but he had her come into his room certain mornings and strip naked, masturbating while he and Dudley watched, making rude comments about her body. He also made her suck Dudley on a regular basis, and even watched at Dudley buggered her in the master bedroom. The only thing that gave Petunia any comfort at all was the knowledge that, as bad as it was for her, for Vernon it was even worse, because he had to go into London every weekend and perform in pornographic films with other men, giving Harry the majority of the money that he made. Harry took obvious delight in making the two of them watch the movies that Vernon 'starred' in, and she cried watching his pain as her husband was forced to perform un-natural acts with a variety of rough looking men. Harry made it clear that the actions would continue until he felt he had paid the two of them back for all the years of abuse they made him suffer, and only then would he allow it stop. What made it even worse was the effect he had on her precious Dudders, from a sweet boy who was the apple of her eye, he had become even worse to her than Harry was! Not a week went by that she didn't find herself being used by him in some way, and Harry wasn't even in the house for most of it. She was glad that Harry never touched her, but he had no problem making her have sex with the women in the neighborhood while he watched, especially after he had finished shagging them. She was surprised that none of them said anything to her when they were outside the house, but figured it was just more of her nephews freakishness. She wondered what would happen when he left for Hogwarts, would the torment end, or would he just find another way to punish them? Harry watched Petunia and Vernon's despair happily, he knew that they hated him, but had learned something important, it didn't matter if they hated him or not, he was the one who held the power, and when he felt they had suffered enough, he would let them die. By that time Dudley would be old enough to live on his own and gathering allies of his own in the muggle world. Those allies would be important when the time came, because there were just too many muggles to try and conquer. In a way, it was a good thing that his spell had backfired so many years ago, because he was starting to attract too much of the wrong sort of attention and it wouldn't have been much longer before the muggles got involved in the war. Harry paused when he realized what he was thinking. It wasn't his spell, it was Tom's spell that had backfired on him, he certainly wasn't able to cast spells at under 2 years old! After so many years, it was kind of hard to tell when Tom ended and Harry started, they seemed to merge together more and more, and even the distinctive lightning bolt scar on his forehead seemed to have faded over the years. He shrugged, it really wasn't important anymore, their plans were one and the same, to see Dumbledore and his allies defeated, and himself in a position of power in the Wizarding World. He didn't need Dumbledore dead, just discredited, and if he never realized just who was behind his fall from grace, so much the better! Tom had come to realize, after all the time that Harry spent in the library, that it would be better to gain power legitimately, and to keep the terror and killings to a minimum, although there were those who would insist on attacking the muggles and the muggleborn, and if they couldn't be reigned in, they would need to be removed. Harry had no problem with removing those that would cause problems, because he had his own ideas of who needed to die, and, if it could be managed without attracting attention to himself, the first to die would be Severus Snape, who had pointed Tom at his family to start with. Tom agreed, knowing that Severus would never be able to be trusted after so many years under Dumbledore's thumb. Things went by smoothly for the next couple of years, with Harry pocketing the money that Vernon made from his movie career as well as the occasional money his playmates would give him for use of Petunia. It made Harry laugh to realize that Petunia had never figured it out. He could have, and did, shag his playmates at their homes at anytime, it was only when one of them expressed an interest in getting Petunia that they met at his house. Most of the women he didn't even have to use his charms on, other than ensuring they didn't talk about what they did with Petunia, because they