Story TITLE: A Dream to Remember PART: 01 of ? AUTHOR: Red Jacobson ( ) WEBSITE: . DISTRIBUTION: Seraglio, My Yahoo Group DISCLAIMER: None of the Characters You Recognize belong to me, they all belong to JK Rowling and her publishers. SUMMARY: Harry is hit by a curse at the Final Battle, his friends come up with a unique cure. No lemons in the first couple of chapters, but I think I've made up for it in the other chapters GRIN FEEDBACK: Of course! It Makes Me Write Faster CATEGORY: Lots of Women RELATIONSHIPS: Harry/Multi RATING: NC-17 WORD COUNT: 13,405 SPOILERS: Canon to the end of Order of the Phoenix, but Dumbledore pulled his head out of his arse and spent the Summer and next year training Harry and his friends. The Final Battle took place at the end of 6th year. WARNINGS: If You've ever read any of my stories, you know what to expect, Oral, anal, Femme-slash, dom/sub, multiple partners, and Femme-cest. There is Ron, Molly and Percy bashing in this story, not a great deal, but some. Also, I'm going with a Good Dumbledore in this story. AUTHORS NOTES: The curse, or at least the idea of the curse, comes from Dragon Raptor's Harry Potter and the Curse's Cure, used by Permission IMPORTANT AUTHORS NOTE: To Avoid the Under age Sex issue, Hogwarts students start the September 1st after their 14th Birthday. Prologue June 4, 1997 Hogwarts Great Hall It all came down to this, he thought, blinking the blood from his eyes. All of Dumbledore's training, all of Tom's cunning, and it still came down to the same thing it always did, the two of them locked in battle, and he was determined to win. The brother wands locked up again, the same way that they did that night, exactly two years before in the Little Hangleton graveyard, and, just like before, his will proved stronger as the bead of golden light forced itself back into Tom's wand. The sounds in the Hall had faded away, the other battles weren't important at the moment, he knew that Hermione and Luna had his back, just like they had for the past year. Neville was standing above the dead body of Bellatrix Lestrange, hopefully that would give him some peace, knowing that all those who destroyed his parents had paid. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Lucius fall to a curse from Ginny's wand, the snake summoning curse, ironically enough, it looked like. He saw that Molly Weasley was lying unmoving on the floor, her body covered by Ron's. He had no idea who had released the two of them from Azkaban and given them wands, but it wasn't important now. He would find out later, and try to take the time to mourn his one time friend later, preferring to remember the early days when they truly were friends. He had seen Cho a few minutes before, she was still on her feet, her wand flashing as she dueled Draco, as Crabbe and Goyle had already fallen to her wand. He wished he had nothing better to do than watch her dance as she toyed with the poor fool, but he had something more important to take care of. He didn't bother watching the spirits of the dead climb out of the wand this time, he knew that they were just memories, and he knew that he would eventually see them again, but not any time soon, he had a life to get on with. He and Dumbledore had practiced this move multiple times, until he could practically do it in his sleep, and so he watched as Tom became more distracted by the spirits of those who had died at the point of his wand, and, when the wand started to shake and come loose in his hand, Harry dropped the secret weapon from the sleeve of his robes into the palm of his left hand, and, with a touch to make sure that the hammer was cocked, he raised the Webley and pointed it directly between Tom's eyes. He saw Tom react to the movement, but he was too late, and Harry applied the pressure, and felt the revolver jerk in his hand. There was only about 10 feet between the two of them, there was less than a second between the bullet leaving the barrel and impacting in Voldemort's forehead, traveling through the skull and splattering the remains of his skull and brains on the table where the teachers usually ate. As the bullet hit Tom's head, jerking it backwards, his grip on the Yew wand relaxed, and it floated to the ground. Harry watched, fascinated as Fawkes flashed into the Hall, and grabbed the wand before it could hit the ground and burst into flame, destroying the wand at the same time. With a burst of song, the fire bird flew up to the ceiling of the hall, and, with a flash vanished from the scene. Harry looked around, and saw that with Voldemort's fall, the fight seemed to have gone out of most of the Death Eaters. Of course, seeing Lucius, Snape and Bellatrix all lying dead on the floor couldn't have helped morale either. He paused as he saw the body of Remus Lupin, he had partially transformed and his jaws were locked on the throat of Fenrir Greyback, taking the monstrous rogue wolf as he died. With Tom's death, he felt the wards keeping the others out fall as well, and he knew that Amelia and her Aurors would be there in a matter of minutes, to take control of the prisoners. He didn't care about that, he wanted nothing more than to rest, and cuddle with his girlfriend. Turning toward her, he smiled as she finally caught Malfoy with a cutting curse, nearly taking off his left leg. The blonde fell to the ground, a look of shock on his face, and he shook his head sadly, the boy never had a chance to choose his path, Lucius had seen to that, and where had it gotten them? Graves side by side in the Malfoy Mausoleum if they were lucky, tossed together in an unmarked grave or fed to the Acromantulas if they weren't. Not a lot to show for years of cunning and manipulations, was it? Rushing forward, he pulled Cho into an embrace and started kissed her firmly, not caring about the sweat or dirt from the fight, she was still the most beautiful woman in the world to him, and, now that Tom was finally dead, they could move forward with their relationship, Jeremy's Law be damned! He had the ring he had taken from the family vault sitting in his pocket, and he would give it to her later that night. Of course, things could never be that simple for him. It seems that he wasn't quite through being Fate's bitch after all. ADTR &&&&& ADTR &&&& ADTR &&&& Draco was dying, he knew that, the chink bitch had gotten him but good. He still had a hard time believing that the Dark Lord was dead, but he knew that he wouldn't be around to see him rise again. A part of him railed at the fact that Scarhead had pulled some trick that let him win this time, but he wasn't going to let that stand. He still had his final mission from the Dark Lord to complete, one that his Lord had told him would still totally destroy Potter even if, somehow, things went against them in the battle. Pulling a potion from his robes, he managed to open it with shaking hands and force it into his mouth. Swallowing the bitter liquid, he felt his strength returning, and dropped the vial. Picking up his wand from the floor, he forced himself to his knees and lifted his arm to point at Potter's back. Wanting Scarhead to see his doom coming, he rasped out "Potter!" and was pleased to see the annoyance on his face as he turned around. Potter's eyes widened as he saw the wand pointed at him, and he moved in front of the chink and started to raise his wand. It was too late though, the spell that the Dark Lord taught him was already leaving his wand, and the bright red light hit Potter directly in the chest. He didn't even notice Potter's curse, or care when the spell caught him in the throat, taking his head from his shoulders, he was still smiling as his world went black, knowing that he had fulfilled his Lord's final orders! ADTR &&&&& ADTR &&&& ADTR &&&& Time seemed to slow down for him the way it always did when he was in combat. He knew he had plenty of time to dodge out of the way of the spell, but there were innocents behind him, and Harry would be damned if he let any of them suffer from the curse the ferret used. He recognized it immediately from his lessons with Dumbledore, during one of the nights that the old man reminisced about the spells that Grindelwald was fond of using. According to the old man, it was one of Grindelwald's favorites in the early days of the war, and Tom had been known to use it as well, when he wanted to make an example of someone, and not just kill them himself. Turning to Cho, he saw the love in her eyes, and he smiled sadly, knowing that their dreams just got derailed again. Putting his arms on her shoulders, he stopped her from getting closer. He saw the hurt in her eyes, and said, "Cho, listen to me, this is extremely important! I know what that curse was, and I need to get away from everybody. Go get Hermione and Luna and the Twins, and tell Poppy that I was hit by the 'Inextinguibili Raptus Curse' I can already feel it affecting me, and I need to get away from you and everybody else immediately, or I won't be able to stop myself. I'm going up to the Come and Go Room, and will only open it for Poppy, I'm going to meditate, try and hold it together for as long as I can. Can you do that for me?" He was pleased at the look of determination that replaced the hurt in her eyes, knowing that she would help him fight this, but she nodded, and he headed out of the hall. When he got to a quiet section of the Entryway, he called Dobby and had his elf pop him up to the 7th Floor. Summoning the room, he specified that it would only open for the school Matron, and he went inside. Stripping out of his robes, he had the room clean them, and stepped under the shower. He had to stop himself from stroking his cock, which was already fully erect from the curse. He knew that it would just speed up the curse and he needed to keep in control for as long as possible. Drying off, he dressed in the now cleaned trousers and shirt that the room provided and sat down on the couch, closing his eyes. He was able to clear his mind easily now, having learned Occlumency correctly over the past summer. It was almost funny, but if he had mentioned his 'lessons' to Cho things would have been quite different. She had written to him that awful summer after Sirius died, and he latched onto her letters like a lifeline, pouring out his heart and soul into them. It was in the midst of one of the letters that he mentioned feeling guilty about not doing better with his Occlumency, and she wrote back asking about his lessons. When he described them in the next letter, he was stunned by her reply. She sent back a book with her letter, describing the techniques to