SERIES TITLE: Harry Has Fun! STORY TITLE: After Winning the Quidditch Cup PART: 01 of ? AUTHOR: Red Jacobson ( ) DISTRIBUTION: My Yahoo Group, Ficwad, , HP FanFiction Archive, Archive of Our Own DISCLAIMER: None of the Characters You Recognize belong to me, they all belong to JK Rowling and her publishers. SERIES SUMMARY: A Series of (mostly) unrelated one-shots, showing Harry having fun with one or more of the women. Most of the women will be from the Potter-Verse, but there may be occasional crossovers with the Buffy-Verse or other sources. CHAPTER SUMMARY: Harry and Cho have done just about everything together, and as a result of losing a bet, Cho is about to experience losing her last virginity. FEEDBACK: Of course! It Makes Me Write Faster RELATIONSHIPS: Harry/Cho RATING: NC-17 WORD COUNT: 3,976 SPOILERS: None, if you don't know how the Harry Potter story goes by now, why are you reading this story? WARNINGS: If You've ever read any of my stories, you know what to expect, Oral, anal, Femme-slash, dom/sub, multiple partners, and Femme-cest. AUTHOR'S NOTES: These are basically PWP, but I'm sure that at least some plot will show up between the bodies slapping together GRIN Gryffindor Locker Room After the Gryffindor/Ravenclaw Match Harry's 6 th Year Harry sighed as the hot water soothed his aching muscles. The game had gone on longer than usual and, by the time he had finally caught the snitch he was practically falling off his broom he was so exhausted. Fortunately, he'd had a stamina potion in his locker, otherwise he would have fallen asleep before he even got his Quidditch uniform off. He certainly wasn't going to allow that to happen, especially with the wager that he and Cho had agreed to! He grinned in anticipation, knowing that, whatever Ron and the rest of the team might think, he hadn't been busting his arse for the last 3 hours for the 'Glory of Gryffindor', he was determined to win the wager he had made with his girlfriend the week before! They had been relaxing in the tub in the Prefects Bath, soaking their tired muscles after spending the afternoon in bed and Cho was claiming that, with her new broom, and the extra practicing the 'Claws had been putting in, she was going to get the snitch before he did! Ordinarily, he would have just laughed off her boasts but, being incredibly relaxed after the events of the day, he just grinned in a way that would have had Snape comparing him to his father, and said, "Would you be willing to bet your arse on that Cho?" She hesitated for a few seconds, and nodded, "Yes, I am! If you get the snitch before I do, I'll let you bugger me but, if I get the snitch first..." she paused, smirking at him. "Okay, I'll bite. What do you get if you win?" He asked her, not liking the way she was smiling. "Well... I'll still let you bugger me, because, I'll admit I'm curious about trying it, but, the catch is, I'm going to bring one of my toys with me, and bugger you first!" Harry laughed, "Okay, I wasn't expecting that! But, fair is fair, if you get the snitch before I do, I'll let you use your toy on me, but, for now, why don't you tell me who else you've used your toy on?" Cho reached down and wrapped her hand around his stiffening cock and started stroking him, "Well, I'm sure you are aware that Marietta and I were together a few times, right?" He nodded, she had told him that right after they had gotten back together the previous summer, and it did help him understand why she was so willing to be forgiving after the whole DA mess. "What you didn't know, is that she wasn't the first girl I'd been with. That was actually Fleur, the Beauxbaton Champion during the Triwizard Tournament. It was after the Yule Ball, and her date was practically drooling over her, which was really annoying her, and Cedric had already gone back to the Sett for the night. I could see that Fleur was on the verge of transforming and tossing a fireball at Roger to stop him trying to paw her, so I invited her up to see my room. I hadn't planned on anything happening but I did want to keep our Quidditch Captain out of the infirmary." Harry chuckled, remembering the way that Roger had been behaving that night. Of course, he certainly wasn't any better. Fortunately, both Parvati and Padma had accepted his apology when they returned after the holidays. Cho's hand started moving a bit faster as she continued, "Well, I might not have planned on anything happening but Fleur had her own ideas! No sooner had I closed the door behind us when she put her arms around me and was kissing the back of my neck. I'm not going to lie, I'd wondered what it would be like to be with another girl but I'd never done anything before that night." Harry shut his eyes, picturing the scene as his girlfriend described her introduction to the joys of another girl's touch. Cho was starting to breathe heavier as she got caught up in the story. "I remember turning around in her arms and she looked at me, a little worried, but I smiled and leaned up to kiss her. I'd kissed a few guys before but this was something completely different! Merlin, that girl could kiss! The next thing I knew, we were both fumbling with our dresses and stumbling toward my bed. Fleur moved me until I was flat on my back on the bed and she smiled down at me, and told me to relax and let her make me feel good. She certainly did that! She started kissing my throat and made her way down my body, all the while her hands were stroking me and touching me all over! By the time she was licking my nipples and her fingers were rubbing between my legs, I thought I was going out of my mind with pleasure. And then she moved down and put her mouth on me..." Harry groaned as he struggled to control himself, making Cho giggle. "Oh, you like that, don't you? Maybe I'll write Fleur a letter and invite her to come visit me over the summer. I'm sure she would enjoy spending time with me, and I'll ask her if she minds you watching us." Harry's eyes shot open and he saw Cho shiver, it wasn't often she got him that worked up, but he needed relief now! Lifting her up, he had her kneeling on the bench and gripping the edge of the tub as he shoved his cock in her soaking pussy. Cho moaned happily as he filled her and moved one of her hands between her legs and started rubbing her pussy as he pounded into her. He reached around and cupped her breasts in his hands, rubbing her nipples with the palms of his hands, making her tighten around him. He leaned down, bending over Cho's back, and breathed in her ear. "What did you think was going to happen, Cho? I was already thinking about being buried in that tight arse of yours and you go and start telling me about your time with Fleur? Of course, I was going to get worked up! If Fleur were here right now, I'd be watching you lick her pussy as I shagged you and then I would do the same thing to her! Picture it, Cho, you're lying on the tile, using a folded towel for a pillow as Fleur puts your legs over her shoulders. Her tongue sliding out and licking your soaking pussy, tasting the way my cum is mixing with your juices, knowing that you're going to be doing the same thing to her very soon..." He smiled as Cho's walls tightened around his cock and she cried out his name as she came, pushing backward to get him even deeper inside her pussy. Harry relaxed his control as he felt her hit her peak and let loose inside her, filling her with his seed. He held still, his arms around Cho as she rode her own climax, waiting until she came back to herself before moving again. When Cho's breathing calmed down, he pulled out of her, drawing a small whine of disappointment from her,but he lifted her up and set her on his lap as he settled back into the water. Cho looked up and smiled, "Damn! That was amazing! I'm going to be sore in the morning, but it's so worth it!" Harry laughed lightly, "You aren't the only one, but I'm not complaining!" The next day, Cho sat down next to him at lunch and told him that she had written Fleur a letter, inviting her to come and visit over the summer and it took all of Harry's self control not to take her right there at the table! Ron and Hermione had looked at him strangely when he stood up abruptly and pulled Cho from the Great Hall, but he didn't care and neither did Cho when he had Dobby pop the two of them up to the seventh floor and Harry opened up the room of requirement. They missed dinner that night. It was two days later that Cho told him she had heard back from Fleur, and the French Veela was extremely eager to see her again, and Harry as well. It was a good thing that she waited until after dinner was finished, because they both used up a lot of energy that night, barely making it back to their dorms before curfew. But at least, they didn't have to worry about being caught by Snape since he'd died the same night his master did, along with all the other marked Death Eaters. No big loss. The sound of the door opening pulled Harry from his memories, and he smiled widely, seeing Cho slipping into the shower area. She looked around nervously, making sure that they were alone, and then she released the grip on the front of her robes. Harry whistled softly in appreciation of her nude body, and she looked up and smiled, letting the robes slide off her body. She struck a pose, her back straight, arms at her sides, and her legs slightly spread, letting him admire her for a few seconds, before she hurried toward him. Something about the way she was moving didn't seem right. She seemed to be moving stiffly as she walked and he held up a hand to stop her. "Did you hurt yourself during the game, Cho? If you are hurt, we don't have to do this right now. We can get you to see Madame Pomfrey." She blushed and shook her head, "No, I'm not hurt, Harry, but thank you for checking. I, well, I was a bit nervous about what we are going to be doing, and, well..." She didn't say anything, but turned around, and he could see the base of a butt-plug nestled between her cheeks. Harry smiled softly and went to her, pulling her into a hug. "You wanted to make sure you were ready for me? Is that it?" He asked gently. Cho nodded her head against his chest and he rubbed her back soothingly, "I understand you are nervous because you've never taken anything back there before but it really wasn't necessary. You know I've done this before and I know how to get you ready so you enjoy the experience." Cho lifted her head and looked at him, "I know, I was there when Parvati decided to go into detail with Padma and she couldn't stop talking about how much she loved it when you buggered her. She was heartbroken when her father wrote her that