This story is new, and I'm beginning with sexual fanfiction for the first time. This'll be a mature story, though, so don't read if you can't handle sex. Basically the plotline is unrealistic, but funny and sexy. Frodo, Sam, and possibly some other members of the Fellowship are going to receive some sexual assistance on the journey to destroy the Ring. Basically what I'm going to do is have them **** every female character in Middle-earth, to put it bluntly. First will be Rosie, and then Goldberry, and then Arwen, etc. This story will only focus on the specific locations where these characters dwell. You can fill in the gaps with the canonical story. I won't wait, but start right away. Also, I own nothing. It all belongs to the Tolkien estate, sadly. Okay, read on: Frodo toasted his friends one last time in Bag End. He, Merry, Pippin and Sam were finishing the last of the Old Winyards, not wanting to leave any for Lobelia. Frodo drained the last drop. "Well, I have found a good home for that! Let us leave the washing for Lobelia!" All of the hobbits roared approval of the plan, and slammed down their mugs. They all broke out into song, laughing along with one another. It was nearly seven o'clock when their merrymaking concluded. They left the washing on the table for Lobelia, being rather impolite, and Merry and Pippin took their leave. Meriadoc was to go along with the last card load of furniture heading for Crickhollow, while Pippin was returning to Tuckborough, and was to meet them in Waymeet at dawn. They had decided to keep to the road at first. Frodo had a fear of the wilderness. He couldn't put his finger on it, but something sinister lay waiting for them in the woods, he knew for sure. The door closed behind Meriadoc, who was wishing for an early start. Pippin hung back for a few minutes, before finally bidding farewell to the two hobbits and departing. Frodo and Sam stood in the drawing room, taking a final look around. "Well, Mr. Frodo," said Sam. "This is it. The final day. Perhaps ever." "Yes," replied Frodo sadly. "It will very likely be the final day I ever see Bag End. I do wish Gandalf was here, though. He had said he would be, but I suppose he has his reasons. Still, his absence worries me." Sam opened his mouth to reply when there was a ringing of the doorbell. He glanced back at the door, and headed for it, thinking to himself. Probably Master Pippin, forgetting something, thought Sam, but it was not the case. Instead, Rosie Cotton stood on the threshold, a scared look on her face. When Sam opened the door, she flung herself into his arms. "Oh Sam, your Gaffer told me you were going away, but I'd heard naught of it! How could you move all down to Bywater without even a word?" Sam felt immensely uncomfortable, but he couldn't hide a sprig of happiness that Rosie was distraught over his relocation. "Well, Rosie, if you take my meaning, I never meant to hurt you or naught. I didn't think you cared much back, so I thought you'd hear it from your old dad." Rosie backed off, releasing his neck from her arms. "Well, Sam, you can't just go running off without telling me, you know. I couldn't take that. But I suppose there's nothing I can do to change your mind?" she asked. Sam shook his head. "Sorry, Rosie, but there ain't. It's all decided. I'm going." She bit her lip. "May I not come in?" Sam blinked. "Of course," he said stupidly, and opened the door fully, letting her in. She brushed past him, unshodding herself as she did so, and passed Into the drawing room, with a very confused Sam in tow. Frodo looked up as Rosie Cotton entered the room. He smiled. "Ah, Rosie Cotton, I'm assuming you came to see Samwise off?" She shrugged very in a very unmaidenly manner. "In a way, sir. But I wanted to do a bit more for him, since he's going to be away for a while, maybe a long while." Frodo raised an eyebrow. "And what is it you wished to do?" Rosie blinked shyly at him. "Well, Mr. Baggins, I've liked him a long time, and always wanted to get him alone... for this." She walked up to Sam and kissed him, which resulted in utter silence in the room. Rosie kissed his hard and long, so long that Sam, who had began with a startled expression, now exhibited one of bliss. He kissed her back, mouth opening, tongue searching... He had to admit, it tasted amazing. Frodo watched with amazement. Sam suddenly became a beast. He leaned into the kiss, and suddenly bent his head to kiss her neck. It was becoming rather passionate, and Rosie let out a groan. "Oy!" He called. "If you would mind not mating in my drawing room, it would be appreciated." The two hobbits pulled apart, looking awkward. "Sorry, master," said Sam with an air of shame. Frodo softened. "I do not condemn your acts, but only that they occurred in my drawing room!" Sam looked surprised. He looked at Rosie. "Do you wish to retire from the room?" Rosie smiled seductively. "There is naught I'd like more, Mr. Gamgee." She grabbed him and pulled him from the room, kissing him again. "Hold on!" Called Frodo. "Until Midnight, this house belongs to me, and I make the rules yet. I wish to have part in this, and I'm afraid I will not allow such an act to be performed without my participation." A gleam in his eye was now clearly discernible, and Sam caught it. He glanced at Rosie. She nodded shyly. Sam beamed and turned back to Frodo, nodding. Frodo clasped his hands. "Excellent! Should we retire to the third room? There is yet a bed and blanket standing. It will be more comfortable, certainly." Sam felt his heart racing. He had a feeling he knew what was coming, but he felt so worried. This was completely new for him. He had no experience at all. But Rosie and Frodo both headed for the door to the third bedroom, and he had little choice but to follow. "Are you sure, Rosie?" He asked quietly. She scoffed. "I most certainly am, Samwise. I've wanted this for years. Well, the sex for only a couple, but your love. And Frodo, I admit, also always capture my imagination!" Frodo laughed. "Well, thank you, Mistress Rose. Shall we?" He asked, pointing to the door. Sam gulped and nodded. Rose eagerly nodded and literally sprang inside. Frodo followed her, and Sam came last. The room was small, with a single, medium-sized bed, a fireplace, and a small table and chairs set, which had been left for Lobelia. Frodo went over to the bed and smoothed out the covers. "Well, I do believe that Rose should have the choice of how this goes, as it was her idea to begin with." She smiled. "Well, that's easy." She grabbed Sam and kissed him hard, pulling him backwards, and fell over onto the bed. Sam was surprised, but he reacted swifter this time. He returned the kiss, and quickly moved down to her neck. Without being conscious of it, his hand moved up and groped her breasts as he kissed her, bringing gasps of pleasure from her. After about three minutes, he stopped, and let her stand. She looked purely excited. "Turn your backs, boys," she said seductively. Sam and Frodo glances at one another, but turned their backs obediently. They heard rustling clothing behind them, but fought the urge to turn. About thirty seconds later Rosie spoke. "Alright, you can look," she said, and they turned. She was naked, except for a lacy green bra. Sam was surprised. Most hobbits didn't wear undergarments, but he realized she probably had come here with this very purpose in mind. Sam stared at her hungrily. She was beautiful. Her straw-coloured hair rippled down her front, curling just above her bra, covering the full view. He couldn't believe this was actually happening. Frodo felt something harden in his nether regions as he admired the beautiful hobbit who stood nude in his bedroom. She was perfect. He felt impatient to get out of his pants. Rosie had no issue exhibiting herself. She loved their gazes. It was true, this would be her first experience, but she knew enough about it to know that she liked their eyes on her body. "Shall we?" she inquired suggestively. Sam and Frodo both stepped forward, eyes bright and pants bulging. "Yes," they both said in unison, making Rosie laugh. "One at a time, boys," she exclaimed. "I'm new to this, you know." Sam privately admitted the same. Frodo, on the other hand, shamefully remembered the girl from Stock, the one with a bow in her hair, who had followed him home, and asked him for a favour. He didn't like to think about that. Rosie looked them up and down. "I'll take Sam first," she decided. "Mr. Baggins, if you could sit down, thank you, I'll come back to you in a second. Come back," she added with a sly grin. Sam stepped forward hesitantly, and she gave him a seductive smile, before stepping forward for a kiss. The kiss deepened, and their tongues both came out, searching for something. They stood like that for a full minute, before Rosie pulled back, gasping for breath. But she recovered quickly. She put a hand on Sam's chest, and directed him back towards the bed. He stood beside it, staring at her, and her hands worked on his shirt, undoing the tied fabric of his jerkin. A small smile played on her lips as she did so, while Sam just watched her face. His shirt fell to the ground, leaving him bare-chested. She grinned and put a hand on his chest, feeling his rather non-existent muscles. But she leaned down suddenly and began working with the strings of his trousers. Sam looked across at Frodo, who watched hungrily, a look of impatience clearly on his face. Suddenly his pants fell to the ground, and his penis hung out, hitting Rosie on the face. She just laughed and grabbed it, twirling it in her fingers. "Well? Tell me how it feels." Sam just groaned as pleasure rippled through him. "Wonderful," he said quietly. She let go and rose up, kissing him again. They locked together, lips moving in sync. Sam, without quite realizing what he was doing, reached down her back and undid the knot that held her bra up. He literally felt her smile in the kiss. At least, her lips changed their movements, so she was clearly aware of it. He let the bra drop, and it caught on his cock as it fell. He pulled back from the kiss, looking anxiously at her. He hoped he hadn't annoyed her by removing it, but when he saw her breasts, he didn't care about that. They were perfectly. Big, but not too busty. And without a blemish at all. He reached down and cupped them in his hand. He bounced them up and down, extracting a laugh from Rosie. He wasn't sure if she would be alright with it, but he lowered his mouth and took one on his tongue. He lapped at it, twirling his tongue around the nipple, making her groan in pleasure and buck slightly. "Yesssssss," she murmured faintly and passionately. Sam switched breasts, and she groaned even more this time. "Oh yes, that's perfect. Oh, Great Gorhendad Oldbuck!" she exclaimed. Sam pulled back his head, and kissed her on the mouth again, catching her by surprise. She seemed rather inflamed with pleasure, and she groaned in bliss as his tongue explored her mouth. After thirty seconds, she pulled back.