Author's Note: Okay I have read a whole hell of a lot of New Moon AU stories. I thought I'd try one of my very own, so please be gentle, I haven't written theses characters before. Summary: Edward left Bella Swan broken on the forest floor, but she was found by three strangers. Sam, Paul, and Jared found her out of her mind and close to death from hypothermia. In a world where Bella pulls herself together, and no wolves have imprinted other than Sam. How will she cope with the things to come, and what will she do when she becomes an imprint? Bella will be extremely OOC due to the nature of the story, Rosalie and Alice will be showing up real quick because they don't leave. They will be the only Cullens in the story, excluding Carlisle who will make a brief Cameo. Also Alice maybe a little OOC, she likes rap... Disclaimer/Warning: Shattered Glass was an idea that came to me while listening to the Britney Spears song of the same name. It involves a lot of mature themes and will eventually lead to sex and extreme violence and character death. It also has themes of mental illness. It may just be my most graphic story to date, and anyone faint of heart will read at their own risk. Some qualities of this piece may be so shocking, grotesque, and or disturbing that it could cause seizures or traumatize the audience. I am NOT responsible or liable for any of the things mentioned above. ~Shattered Glass~ Chapter One- Til it's gone Cold, that was the first thing my body registered as it hit the ground. All around me was cold, I was crying but I didn't notice it until the tears froze on my face. The weather was cold for this time of year, but this far north it wasn't a freak cold front. My body wouldn't move as I passed into shock, he had left me, broken me, and left me in the woods. Time escaped me as I felt myself getting frost bite on my fingers and toes, the part of my brain still working thinking it had been a few hours. It was dark so I had been in this spot for at least three hours, I was about to give up hope on even making it out alive. That's when my ears picked up on yelling. "Bella, where are you! Bella!" Voices called. I didn't recognize any of them but they still felt familiar, like I heard them before but didn't remember. A large man came into my line of sight, he looked to be over six feet tall and was even more muscular than Jacob. "I found her, she's in the early stages of frost bite. I think she might be in shock she isn't moving." The large men yelled, presumably to his friends. Two more men came into view, and they were large, but no where near as big as the first. The large one, Sam my brain supplied scooped me up in his giant arms an carried me. The woods seemed to be larger than I thought, it took him about twenty minuets to make it to the lights flashing. I saw a lot of police lights and other cars, which my brain told me shouldn't be a surprise when your dad is the Sheriff. I saw things in my mind, large wolves running through fields. I remembered the tribal legends about them being descended from wolves, the cold ones, Vampires. These men were wolves, I didn't know how I knew but I knew for sure. Suddenly I was more alert I felt my body temp rising, I knew I was inside. Most likely inside Charlie's, the fire roaring and providing warmth as I was laid on the couch I grabbed a massive arm and whispered. "Wolves, Cold ones, Cullens gone." I whispered to the massive man. I opened my eyes and saw his own widen comically, he looked at the other two and motioned for them to go outside and I passed out. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Shattered Glass~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I opened my eyes and took in the sunlight streaming in through the window, I was in my room so Charlie must have moved me. I looked to my left and saw Sam, he was sitting in a chair by the bed his eyes fixed on me. "How did you know." He said, it wasn't a question. It was more like he was demanding me to tell him. "I don't know, when you carried me from the woods I saw all these things in my head. Wolves running, vampires fighting with wolves. Then I remembered the tribal stories, I remember them from when I was a little girl. Everything just clicked into place, the Cullens are Vampires I knew that part already." I explained. "You knew? You knew and you still dated that boy, threw away any regard for your safety?" He asked becoming visibly upset. "I knew before we started dating, Edward saved me from being hit by a van last year. I had seen him on the other side of the lot seconds earlier, I did research." I said. "Is there any chance you might offer us some information? I hate to admit it, or even ask but you got to know them. Anything you know might help us fight their kind better, it might save wolves otherwise lost in battle." He inquired. "I'd be happy to help." I said bitterly. "He left me in the middle of the woods after I almost died because of him already, he's got it coming. Each vampire has one or more special ability, things they were good at in their human lives become amplified when turned. Edward was a very perseptive person, so he was gifted with the power to read minds, Alice was a medium so she can see the future. Dr. Cullen was very compassionate so he was gifted with extreme control, allowing him to be a doctor surrounded by blood all day. Jasper was empathetic towards others and sympathized with their pain, so he's an Empath. Emmett was a strong man he was gifted with super strength, finally Rosalie was extremely beautiful so it carried over." I explained spitefully. "Your kidding me right? All this time, they've had these abilities? Other vampires have abilities too, that's um that's good to know I owe you one." Sam said. "I know, and I'll collect in awhile. No need to do so now, especially since I have no means to complete the process now." I replied as I stood up and shimmied out of my jeans. "Um well I better get going then, Jared will check on you later Bella." He said as he prepared to leave. "Alright Sam, I guess I'll see you later oh and could you send Jake over? I think I have something I should had given him awhile ago, I mean why keep it now I was saving it for Him." I said. "I'll send him over, you sure aren't wasting time. Are you sure your alright Bella? Your acting really calmly, I've learned that's never a good sign." Sam inquired. "I'm fine Sam, actually I feel better than I have in a long time. Why morn something he obviously didn't care about? I want to have some fun, get back out there, I'm not going to sit around and be a whiny bitch just because his leech ass left me." I replied. "Good for you Bella, that's probably for the best. Your relationship wasn't going to progress normally as one should, at least until you became his vampire bride." Sam said with a laugh. "I was going to do that you know, in fact I will become immortal just so I can rub his face in it. He had his chance, and he blew it I'm going to explore my options and decide from there." I said as I slid of my panties and walked to my closet. "Um Bella I'm going to leave now, but um for future reference you might not want to walk around naked when you have company." Sam said as his face blushed a tad. "Oh, I'm so sorry Sam, I just remembered that your spoken for. I didn't even think that you might be uncomfortable, I will see you later okay?" I asked. "Sure Bella." He said as he left the room. I waited a beat until he was far enough away. "Alright you can come out now, I know your here." I said to a seemingly empty room. I was almost wondering if I imagined the window being open when I woke. Until I was attacked by a small blur. "Oh Bella, I'm so sorry I don't know what he was thinking just leaving you like that I mean honestly he didn't even take you back home he just left you in the middle of the woods you could have died I couldn't see you any more so I decided to stay for awhile just to make sure you were alright-" Alice babbled until I cut her off. "It's alright Alice, thanks for staying but can I get dressed?" I asked meekly. "Of course! But then me and Rose are taking you shopping! It's the best thing for you after a break up, and Charlie loves us." Alice beamed. "Rose stayed behind? I thought she be the happiest out of all of you to be rid of me." I said. "I don't hate you Bella, on the contrary I think we can be friends. I just assumed that you would throw away your human life without thought, just to be with him while he controlled everything about your life. I didn't have a choice in my new life, I was unconscious when turned I saw you throwing yours away and it pissed me off. You had what I want so desperately and weren't giving any thought to it, I just wanted you to think about it long and hard." Rosalie explained coming into the room. "I understand, I would have thrown everything away for him just as you said. But he left, I'm going to think about this but you need to understand that I still might decide I want to be turned." I told her as I pulled on new panties and a pair of jeans. "I get that, and if that's what you decide I'll do it myself. I just feel human life is precious, you need to give it some thought." Rosalie replied. I nodded and continued to get ready when the doorbell rung. I froze, I had completely forgot I asked Sam to get a messaged to Jake. "Alice would it be okay if we brought Jacob Black with us, I completely forgot I invited him over. It's alright he's not a wolf at least he isn't yet, I suppose since he's Quileute it's possible he might become one." I said offhandedly. "A better question is how you know about all of that in the first place, but we'll discuss that latter since the bell is probably him. Yes he can come, if we're on good terms before he phases maybe it'll carry over to after." Alice suggested. "Alright the possible mutt can come, but I reserve the right to make dog jokes he won't yet understand." Rosalie said. With that decided we went to the door, passed Jake before pulling him along and piling into Alice's convertible. I could tell it was hers cause it had "Pixie1" for a license plate, Rosalie was engaged with Jake in a in depth talk about cars in the back while I sat in the front with Alice. She grinned at me and put her foot flat on the gas, cranking the speed up to a hundred and taking off. "Whoa Pixie are you trying to kill us?" Jake asked from the back. Alice looked at me and I nodded