Author's Note: Harry Potter is a book series created by J.K. Rowling and published by Scholastic Inc . As such, the rich world and characters Rowling created are not owned by some smutty nobody posting on . Duh. This story was written for entertainment purposes only, and was not intended for profit. Also, this story is for mature audiences due to the massive amounts of sexual situations and encounters. (This is called "Hogwarts Harem"... you figure out why). Because of the nature of this story, it's also not written to be canon. The story takes place in an alternate Book 8 timeline, and can be read as a parody of sorts. It should also be noted that this story is not a sequel to either of my previous Harry Potter fanfics. This is a stand-alone. Harry Potter and the the Hogwarts Harem by C.M. Lacey Chapter One: Hannah Abbott. Emerging from an empty fireplace, Harry Potter appeared in the Leaky Cauldron . Dusting himself off from the remnants of Floo Powder and ash, Harry coughed somewhat, then straightened out his robed. It had been a few weeks after the defeat of Lord Voldemort, and the idea of this would have seemed unreal to Harry if it hadn't been for all the fans and well-wishers he kept encountering of late. He had always been famous, but never universally liked by the majority of the Wizardry community. It was as if they had forgotten all the times they had turned on him when ever the Daily Prophet printed lies about him. Still this wasn't necessarily a bad thing, even if it did seem a bit two-faced. The reason for Harry arriving in Diagon Alley was because Professor McGonagall, the new Headmistress of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, had asked him, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger, to finish out their last year of schooling. They had already received Honorary Diplomas, so Harry at first intended to decline. However Hermione had talked him into it, stating the appealing idea that for once they could go to school and not have some sort of crisis on their hands. Just having to worry about classes and school activities seemed like the perfect vacation from what his life had been the last year or so. Sleeping in a cozy dorm room instead of camping out in the wild did have it's appeal. Ron was quick to point out the moronic nature of returning back to school. The three of them had accomplished something that grown wizards and ordinary Hogwart's graduates could not. As a team, they destroyed forever the worst dark wizard in history. Ron argued that the school couldn't teach them anything new, and they should bank on their new status as heroes to land cushy jobs within the Ministry, but Hermione was on a different mind on the matter. "You can't survive on your laurels, Ron!" Hermione had lectured to the both of them back then. "Once the novelty of defeating Voldemort wares off-" "The novelty of defeating You-Know-Who?" Ron had fought back, marveling at such a statement. "Are you completely mental?" Hermione ignored the insult and explained. "Dumbledore defeated Grindelwald and still had to make a living by becoming a teacher. If someone as accomplished and brilliant as Dumbledore had to do something like that, then where does that leave us?" Harry was on two minds on the matter, but in the end he felt Hermione had a point. Perhaps he could get an apprenticeship in the Auror's Department, but he'd be missing a whole year of schooling. So it was for this very reason that Harry had agreed to go along with Hermione for his Seventh year at Hogwarts. Since he was returning, this required him to purchase the equivalent years worth of books and supplies. Still Harry was no fool. Knowing full well that going to a place like Diagon Alley, a magical community jammed packed with Wizards, might be some sort of a problem, he decided to take some precautions. If he got bombarded by people wishing to shake his hand, hug him, or even kiss him, he would never get far into the magical marketplace to buy what he needed. Luckily for him, Hermione still had a draft of Polyjuice Potion left over from their adventure abroad and she agreed to lend him some. The only task now was to find someone in the Leaky Cauldron near his age to take a sample of. Unfortunately Harry had next to no chance of scouting the place before a number of hands jetted out of nowhere offering a shake. He then was pulled into several embraces and received multiple pats on the back accompanied with giant praise. Being as polite as he could, Harry gave them what they were wishing, and waited for the crowd to disperse. He couldn't believe out long it took for them to return to whatever it was they were doing before he turned up. The last of the stragglers was Dedalus Diggle, who Harry had to physically pry himself from. "Hullo Harry." A round face boy called out to him after he managed to get away. "Hello Neville." Harry returned the greeting, relieved to see a familiar face. "I read in the Prophet that you're going back to Hogwarts." Neville spoke excitedly. "I wish I could go back with you, but I already graduated." Harry had heard this before from several of his old classmates, but he actually would have enjoyed going back to school with Neville. "It'll be interesting sharing a dorm with a new set of Gryffindors." "Come to buy some school supplies?" "Yep… maybe I might splurge and get a new broom while I'm at it." "Oh? What happened to that Firebolt?" "Lost it when I was on the run." Harry told him. "I'm sure I'll be needing another broom for Quidditch this year, so I'm hoping to find something that's not to expensive." "Don't you have loads of money though?" Neville remembered. "I have enough." Harry never really talked about how much money his parents left him, but it also wasn't a secret either. For Neville to know about this wasn't that strange. Nevertheless Harry was often surprised to find out that occasionally people knew he had a small fortune. Combined with the money that Sirius Black, and Remus Lupin left him, Harry was pretty wealthy. "Good luck dealing with all the people out there." Neville chuckled. Harry jumped at the opportunity. "That reminds me, mind if I borrow a hair or something of yours?" Neville blinked a dumbfounded look. "Why?" Reaching into his ropes, Harry produced the vile of Polyjuice Potion. He popped the cork and let Neville look at it. Neville groaned and gave Harry a pitiful look. "You know I'm no good at potions, can't you just tell me what that is?" "It's Polyjuice Potion." Harry told him. It took a moment for that to register in Neville's mind. "Oh! That's the gunk that makes you look like other people, right?" "Right. If I look like you, I might have a bit of an easier time. That is, if you're okay with that." "No, no, that's a good idea." Neville nodded, then yanked a hair from his head. He winced as he did so, but all the same gave Harry the hair. "Isn't that stuff gross?" "It's the worst thing you'll ever drink." Harry told him as he added the hair. The vile bubbled from the reaction of Neville's hair then emitted a mossy mold smell. Both boys pulled their heads back instinctively from the smell of it. "Blimey, that smells disgusting." "Still smells better than Crabbe or Goyle ever did…" Harry grimaced, but pulled the vile to his lips. "Well… cheers!" And with that, he knocked back the potion. It was as disgusting as he remembered it. As many times as Harry had drank it, he never got used to the taste. He gagged, but in moments his stomach felt sick. He resisted the urge to vomit, and braced himself against Neville's shoulder. Soon he found his clothes were getting tighter and his eye sight more fuzzy. When he took off his glasses he saw the real Neville's face shine with amazement. "That is completely weird." "I know the feeling. I saw a handful of people change into me once. Anyway, I better be off. I only have about 30 minutes or so, and I better make the best of it." "Okay." Neville waved at him as Harry left the inn. "I'll see you later... Neville." The street was busy on Diagon Alley, as usual, and at first Harry was scared on what would happen once he started mingling among them. But the Neville-face was working it's magic, and Harry soon found that most people ignored him. As quickly as possible Harry traveled to the various shops picking up everything he needed. He had been smart enough to appear in Gringotts the day before to withdraw his money. Not surprisingly they weren't happy to see him again, as he did crash a dragon through the place on his previous visit. After he bought all the essentials, Harry dropped off all the supplies back at the Leaky Cauldron for safe keeping (Tom said he would look after them) then wandered back towards Quality Quidditch Supplies . In the window were displayed the fastest brooms in the Wizardry World: Nimbus 2000, Nimbus 2001 and the Firebolt. Harry knew they were expensive, but also knew that he couldn't settle for something lesser than a Nimbus 2000. He could practically hear Hermione scolding him for even thinking about buying something so "useless". But to him a good fast broom was something worth buying, even if he wasn't going to play Quidditch. "Hello Neville." a young girl's voice spoke from the ambient noise of shoppers around him. Harry continued to look at the brooms, pondering on whether or not he should buy what he really wanted, the Firebolt, or get something slower but cheaper. But the girl's voice called for Neville again. Suddenly it occurred to him that he was Neville. Spinning around he saw the blonde hair girl from his old graduating class, Hannah Abbott. "Oh, sorry, I was … just looking." Harry said lamely. Oddly enough that sounded exactly like Neville Longbottom. "I thought you were scared of flying." Hannah spoke more as a statement than a question. "Er… I…" Harry couldn't think of a good excuse. Suddenly he seemed more aware of the time. He had been Neville for a good while now, and he had to figure out what he was going to do before the potion wore off. He didn't have time to chat with Hannah, especially if she thought he was someone else. "Well you see, Harry Potter gave me some money and asked me to buy him a broom. But I didn't know what model I should get him, so I was trying to figure out what to do." Hannah blinked and looked at the brooms in the window. "I'm sure he'd want that Firebolt, right? I mean, he did ride those… and once you've had something like that before there's no going back. I think he'd be really disappointed if you got him something else." There was no fighting that logic. "Still… it's really expensive." "He gave you enough gold for it, didn't he?" Hannah tilted her head. "He has enough." "Then come on." Hannah grabbed his chubby hand and dragged him into Quality Quidditch Supplies . The choice was made for him. Hannah ordered the broom with a flair, and forced Harry-Neville to pay the shop keeper. Once they had walked out of the shop with the gleaming broom in their possession, Hannah still didn't leave his side. Harry knew any moment he would revert back to his normal self and he had to ditch Hannah in some way. "I guess I better give this to Harry." He said lamely. "I'll come too." That