A/N: I do now own Hungers Games, All Characters not featured in the original series are my creations. Hope you enjoy! Revenge: " By now you should know everything you say Can and will be used against you some day I got the microphone so don't go too far Cause I'm gonna tell the whole world how you really are" The waves crashed majestically against the warm sand as the full moon showed in the reflection of the water. District four was sleeping peacefully under the stars as the minutes slowly drew by. The day to come would be exciting and tiring at most, as the six year olds starting their training. Training for the Huger Games in our district was a common practice in Four since the games began. We were a proud district, and though our pre-training wasn't loudly proclaimed, it wasn't something we tried to keep a secret. Labeled a career, along with districts one, two, and three, had its own advantages once in the arena, but the prince on your head only increased more. As the sky faded from black to blue, the edges of the sun painted themselves brilliantly across the brightening sky. The water crystalizing in the day light as the songs of the 'tropical' birds filled the ears of the waking citizens. Slowly the streets began to rumble with life, families began to move out their doors, headed to their boats for the long day of work that laid before them. Soon enough, the buzzing noise of excitement began. Some were from proud parents for involving their children in the ways of the games, other from the teenagers ready to break in the new meat, and lastly the nervous children on their first day of training. In one house particular, sat one of the few daughters of two victors, Maggie Odair. Not only was she the daughter of two victors but her father was the ever so popular Finnick Odair, and her mother Annie Cresta. Flopping down at our grand wood table, already dressed in my training gear, I observed the heaps of fruit, breads, and assorted drinks that greeted me every morning. Adorned in my usual tight pair of flexible royal blue pants, a matching top along with the required black training boots that hit right above my knee. The outfit looked perfect on me, showing my curves without making me two delicate. Thankfully I had gotten my father's beautiful looks but was branded with my mother's wavy auburn hair. My eyes were Standard Ocean green that belonged to our district, but even then, I was unmistakably an Odair. "You not hungry girl?" Reta, the Family's maid asked curiously. She was plump and short, her greying blonde hair pulled tight into a bun. She was said to be rather pretty when she was younger, sure to steal the hearts of men away, but age was catching up with her, making her stern and unwelcoming to anyone who wasn't familiar. I couldn't help but let a smile peak through as she spoke, pulling me out of my daze as I continued to twirl my ocean pear around the plate. "Not exactly. Eber and I have been assigned as combat partners for today's training, And as much as I need my strength, I'd prefer being hungry than throwing up in front of everyone because of my nerves." Eber Bain was a year older than I was. She had it out me ever since I can remember because she couldn't handle the fact that I got to travel to the capitol once a year and that my parents were adorned in fame. I remember very clearly my first day at training when she got seaweed tangled in my hair and decided to cut it out with the dagger she so luckily found. The thing was, Eber didn't frighten me, only raised my anxiety for the few hours that I had to deal with her high-maintence self. She just talked too much for her own good, and patience was something I still needed help with. "Don't worry now child, Eber is not better than you or as well trained. Your father is Finnick Odair and your mother, Annie Cresta. You, my little pearl are much better than a jealous girl with hatred running through her veins." She responded kindly, her eyes casted down as she prepared my room for the day. I was thankful that I was one of the few that was close to Reta's heart, her "little pearl" as she always called me. She was understanding and a good listener and was like a second mother since mine wasn't always fully there. But as much as I loved her, I just wished that I could just be Maggie, and not the daughter of Finnick and Annie Odair. Giving Reta a kiss on her cheek, I nodded before grabbing another soft ocean pear and heading towards the paneled gold door. "Thanks Reta. I'll let you know how I pumble her little as..." "GIRL! Don't say such words in this house... You know better!" sighing Reta turned to the stairs to begin her day of cleaning. With a chuckled, Maggie took a bite of her pear and headed out for the training grounds. Reaching the gate of victor village Tash, the Gate keeper, whistled down to Maggie with a wave as the bronze gates swung open out towards the rest of the district. He was her age, and a loner around the district, never causing trouble or sticking up for himself when Eber or her little gang picked on him. But Tash was strong in other sense, and even though not a fighter, he was honorable and and had a good heart. Adjusting her training bag on her shoulder she noticed the familiar shadow leaning against one of the large palm trees of their home. Troy stood dressed as well in a crimson training suit today. His features were sharp and strong and his wavy tan hair was pushed to the side. His muscular arms sat on his chest, a smile showing as he noticed Maggie. Along as she could remember, Troy had been at her side. An anchor that keep her feet firmly planted and her heart in one piece. She couldn't remember a day without him, and for that, they had best friends from now, and would continue to be until the sun would decide to never rise again. "Morning Mags, ready for today?" Troy knew well ahead of time that a fight with Eber was something that would only boil her blood more, especially when it had become the talk of their peers, and as much as she wanted to nudge him, she couldn't help but smile at the smirk on his face. "Yeah." I scoffed "She hasn't beat me yet. And I don't plan of letting her" And Just like every morning Troy took her bag and slung it around his shoulders with his. He was one of the strongest boys in the district and had never been in the games. He was never one to volunteer but he wouldn't have much of a reason to be worried if he was chosen. He was strong and handsome, with beautiful blue eyes. He was fierce when he needed to be but caring when the time called for it. He had been best friends with Maggie since their second year in school and there were always there to protect each other. His voice was deep as a laugh escaped his mouth. "She pretty pathetic if you ask me. Sign-ups for combat practice comes up and you're the first name she claims. Never gets her anything except her ass handed to her on the mat." And just in those few words Troy had made my day. A genuine smile pulled at my lips with the compliment, and filled with pride, I couldn't help but puff out my chest and walk with a little pep in my step "You know she has already started getting kids to place bets on our fight. How many times do I have to beat he before she gets it's... – I muttered, shaking my head in annoyance as a few auburn curls framed my face –"she gets under my skin." "Yeah I heard... "He whispered softly, turning his head ever so slightly to conceal the smirk that threatened to appear. "And no pressure, but if you lose, I'm out fifty dollars." repositioning their bags on his shoulders he turned his glance to her with a stifled grin "Troy! You jerk. How could you" –her pretty eyes widened, her jaw dropping as a smile grasped her lips. Playfully shoving him he stumbled softly, their bags swaying on his strong shoulders- "Gah Maggie watch it!" – His strong laugh escaped his lips as he watched her, the gleam in her eyes as she smiled. "You know I'm kidding, kinda…" –and with one stern glare from his girl he couldn't help but burst into another fit of laughter. "Mags Chill out. You're gonna beat her, you always do. They continued to walk in silence for a few more minutes, the two of them just listening to the crash of the waves and the noise of the district, and after the long silence and sideways glances at her, he couldn't keep it back any longer. Turning with a hesitant voice, he watched her features slowly- "Hey mags, you're not volunteering this year are you?" I turned swiftly to meet him, caught off guard at such an absurd question. I had never mentioned volunteering. I didn't need to, and I definitely didn't want to be in the same spotlight both my parents had been in. letting my smile falter for a moment, I quickly recovered from my shock and nudged him gently in the side. "of course not, I already live in victor village and have everything I need. I could live without the overbearing fame and my parent's continuous shadow" For reasons I could never understand, the kids in my village thought that was something I wanted. To fight and to kill, to be famous, and rich and glorified by the plastic people of the capital. And it had its perks, I can't lie about that. I enjoy my three meals a day and the abundance of extra food when people in eleven are starving. I enjoy my nice house and the company of Reta and my clothes, but I could live without them. People were jealous, and green wasn't a color that complimented my peers in four. I guess that was one of the reasons that I got along with Troy. He understood me better than anyone. His mother had managed a position in the capital and his father had been a peacekeeper in four, but died a few years ago when a trainee had misfired a weapon. He knew the life I lived from experience with his mother, but it was something that he had never wanted for himself. The high and mighty life wasn't something that we needed, and we found solace in that together. Sighing in relief, Troy knew she would never put herself in the games under any circumstance, but to hear the confirmation pulled the burden of the year off his shoulders. They had been trained there lives for this but he really couldn't imagine Mags killing someone. "I overheard Lace saying she was volunteering this year anyway, it's her last chance." And thank the heavens for that. Another clean sweep for the female population of reapers, now all we needed was lace to keep up. Lace Annistor happened to be best friend with Eber, and even though she was older, she couldn't help but obey Eber with a since of pride. With lace off to the Arena as a volunteer, the only one left to worry would be the male. Troy's name would be in the bowl five times this year, but that was the average amount