Chapter 1 This story is dedicated to anyone who never wanted Stephenie Meyer to stop writing Twilight Books. This is how I see into the Cullen's future. I'm really sorry I had to do this Steph. Your readers didn't get enough and you said you got bored with vampires. Some of us, including myself, was lift, severely hanging. It just hurt too much, I had to intervene, but otherwise all your characters from the Twilight Saga will always belong to you. I only borrow them from time to time. I promise, no infringement is intended. When you leave time behind and you're faced with all eternity, it's hard to decide where to begin your first journey. Ultimately, if you don't decide, the journey will decide for you. Destiny will intervene. Edward and I were about to embark on that journey. We just didn't know it yet. It had been five months since our wedding and already so much had happened in our lives. The calamity seemed endless as one disaster after another happened to us. The brightest spot being the birth of our child. It was within six weeks after our wedding, Edward and I conceived and had a baby girl. The baby grew so fast in my womb the pregnancy almost killed me. Then after our daughter was born, her growth did not slow. By the time our daughter was two months old she had grown to roughly the size of a two year old. Now that our daughter, being only five months old, was already more intelligent than most adults. Edward even taught her how to play the piano. She was almost as good as Edward himself. We rarely left the Cullen Estate. I wanted to spend every minute I could with her because with her accelerated growth we had no idea how long she had to live. Then a few weeks ago we almost lost everything. The Volturi, the vampire royal family that enforced vampire law, came to exact justice against us. They thought our daughter, Renesmee was an immortal child. Immortal children, being full vampire children, frozen in whatever stage of development they were converted, were not teachable, highly dangerous, and attracted too much attention. So therefore, they were prohibited. The creation of an immortal child was punishable by death. With the help of our vampire and werewolf friends we outnumbered the Volturi. This fact along with all our combined talents gave the Volturi leader Aro pause. At the very last minute Alice came with the half vampire, half human, Nahuel as proof that our daughter Renesmee would not grow to be a threat. This gave Aro the excuse he needed to save face and turn tail and run, thus leaving us in peace. It was a relief to have found Nahuel. He gave us the information that we were looking for about vampire hybrids like our daughter. He told us that he was fully grown at the age of seven and after approximately 150 years he had not aged a day since. He also told us that he had sisters who also stopped aging after seven years. Now that we knew that Renesmee was going to be okay, the Cullen family settled into a happy daily routine with our daughter at the center of everything. I was happy to hang around the house and play with Nessie all day. Edward was however, getting a little antsy. He wanted to take me out on a date. We hadn't been on a real date since…well…high school. It took some doing for Edward to convince me that we needed to get out and have some fun. I smiled as I remember-ed his argument. "Edward I have everything right here to have fun," I said as I nuzzled my face below his ear. We were cuddling in our bed under the sheets. "I can't argue with you on that point. I would be hard pressed to come up with something more fun to do than this," he mused. "I just don't like the idea of you being cooped up for so long. I want to take you out and show you a good time." His hand was absentmindedly playing with my hair as I rested my head on his chest. I could feel his long fingers gently combing the strands of my hair from my scalp to my waist. I'm having a great time right now." I turned my head to gaze into his eyes. "I don't feel deprived at all," I said smiling at his determined tone of voice. "Bella, be reasonable," he spoke softly. "Is it so terrible that I want to take my beautiful wife out to show her off?" His eyes smoldered into mine as if searching for some sign of surrender. "I don't know. I don't like being away from Renesmee. It makes me anxious," I tried to sound convincing. And I knew he understood this kind of anxiety, he often admitted to having similar feelings when we were apart. We had had this argument so many times that week and even though it was more or less true, this excuse seemed lame to even me. I'm sure Edward could see right through me. I started to frown a little. "Please Bella, don't be difficult," Edward pleaded, laying one of his famous guilt trips on me. "Getting out will be as much for me as it will be for you. I promise you won't regret it. We're going to have so much fun. Besides Nessie will be sleeping. It's not like we're going to miss anything." His liquid topaz eyes pleaded for me to give in. He always got his way when he looked at me like that and he knew it. "Grrr…you're such a cheater," I complained. "Why is this so important to you? It's almost as if you are up to something." My eyes narrowed at him suspiciously. While his face was perfectly smooth. I had a sneaking suspicion he had already made plans to take me somewhere. "Bella, you're hurting my feelings," he said with such sadness. If I didn't know him as well as I did it would have been heartbreaking to see. "Why are you making such a big deal out of this? I've traveled all over the world, Bella. I've seen so many wonderful things. I want to see the world again, but this time through your eyes. Besides I'm not asking you to go on an extended vacation with me ¾ yet," he mumbled the last sentence. "I'm just asking for four or five hours of your time. Is that too much to ask? We can save the rest of the world for another time." I rolled my eyes, wondering if Alice, his adoptive sister, and the queen of guilt trips, could have done a better job then this. "Okay ¾ okay, you're right. I'm being silly aren't I?" "So you're saying yes, right?" he asked ecstatically. "Yes…of cour…" he was kissing me before I could get the words out. He insisted that we take my Ferrari. I assumed he meant for me to drive as he often did now, an effort to get me to like the car he bought me for my birthday, so I walked around to the drivers side. "Not tonight, I'm driving," he announced as he caught me by the hand. "In case you haven't noticed I am a gentleman and my lovely wife deserves to be treated like a lady." He pulled my hand up to his lips for to kiss. "I am giving you the full royal treatment tonight, my lady. Allow me." he guided me around to the passengers side and pulled the door open for me. "By the way, have I told you how breathtakingly beautiful you look tonight?" "Only every minute since I've finished getting ready," I laughed. "You look pretty incredible yourself you know." Incredible wasn't even the right word for the way he looked. "I don't believe there is another man on this earth that looks as good as you do in a tux." "I don't know about that, however, you in that gorgeous red dress…truly there is no other woman alive that could do that dress any justice." He twirled me around to see me from every angle. Then, he pulled me into his chest and gazed adoringly into my eyes. His lips turned up into my favorite half crooked grin. "Isabella Marie Cullen, do you have any idea the power your beauty has over me? We'd better get going before I change my mind and I take you back to our bedroom instead." He kissed me tenderly then helped me into the car." In a flash he was already setting in the drivers seat. He played with the buttons on the stereo. I was surprised when he settled for a radio station. He usually just plugged in his mp3 player. He looked over at me and smiled, dazzling me with his eyes. "Where are we going tonight?" I question him, returning his smile. I reached inside my handbag to pull out my long red satin gloves to slip on my hands. "You know I hate surprises. Oh no!" I shouted as a horrible thought crossed my mind. "You're not taking me dancing, are you?" I was suddenly worried about what I'd gotten myself into. "I should have known something was up when Alice dressed me like this." He rolled his eyes ignoring my questions and sped down the drive. When we got to the main road the car's speed steadily increased to 90, 100, 110, 120mph. "Really Bella, I don't understand your aversion to this car," he said trying to change the subject. "It drives like a dream. Even if you still don't like to drive fast you look very sexy driving it," he teased. "That's why I chose it for you. A woman as beautiful as you belongs behind the wheel of a beautiful car." "You wouldn't let me drive it tonight," I pointed out. "Well for one, I know Seattle better than you do," he explained. "And?" "And…I'd like to get to our destination on time," he said with a grin. "Still, it seems kind of sexiest to not let me drive just because I'm wearing a dress," I countered, baiting him for arguments sake. "That's hardly fair," he said defensively. "What did I do or say to give you that impression of me?" His expression was dubious. I fought back a laugh. I was picking this fight on purpose. I frowned at him, feigning anger, narrowing my eyes a little. " Not tonight, I'm driving. In case you haven't noticed I am a gentlemen …yada…yada…yada," I said. With my new vampire vocal cords I could easily mimic his vocal rang to duplicate his voice perfectly. I turned my face away from him trying to look annoyed. In my peripheral vision I saw his face turn to shock, then worry. His lips turned down into a frown. "Bella…I…I'm sorry," he apologized. "That's not what I meant when I said…" "Pewww…ha, ha, ha," I interrupted him, my laugh bursting through my teeth. His expression turned incredulous with one eyebrow raised. "You're not mad at me?" He didn't sound amused. "Ha, ha, ha…no…ha, ha," I laughed. My eyes met his. He now looked confused. I cupped my hand over my mouth trying not to burst out laughing again. His eyes narrowed. He looked at me contemptuously. "Not funny." "Yes it was." I said trying to compose myself. "Bella, you really do have a twisted sense of humor." "I couldn't help myself. I had to get back at you," I said defensively, the smile never leaving my face. "Why? What did I do? All I'm trying to do is treat you to a night on the town and you're making fun of me," he accused. "You was trying to distract me," I started to explain (still smiling). You wouldn't answer my questions about where