DISCLAIMER – I own nothing, I'm merely borrowing for the duration of this story. SUMMARY – ' Now that he had been gone for almost a year, supposedly vanquished by an infant whose parents had sacrificed their lives in a desperate attempt to save his, she and her husband had come to an agreement. It was time for them to begin anew, without the pressures and expectations put on them not only by their family but by the Wizarding Community at large. They had their son, their little dragon, to think of now.' WARNINGS – Alternate Universe, Alternate Timeline (tiny little tweaks only), Slash, Canon-Typical Violence, Coming Out, First Time, Underage (nothing graphic), Homophobia A/N – Please be aware that in some places I will be utilising some of the original material, although it has all been adapted and altered to fit with my changes to the overall storyline. None of it is literally copy/pasted as I consider that to be cheating (and borderline plagiarism which is not acceptable in my book.) As the story progresses this will happen less and less but in this first chapter, particularly in the very first section where the "scene is being set", I struggled not to include some aspects. Just wanted to warn you. ' My Champion, My Dragon' Prologue. 1982. Her sister's trial was all the newspapers seemed to care about these days and quite rightly so, the things that she and her three accomplices had done were utterly despicable. It horrified her to think that someone with whom she shared so much more than merely blood could be capable of such a thing, of torturing a young couple who had welcomed a child into the world only the year before to the point where their minds had broken. Frank and Alice Longbottom would spend the rest of their lives in a secure ward inside St Mungo's leaving their infant son as much of an orphan as Harry Potter, the 'Boy-Who-Lived.' Making her way along the muggle street she stopped in front of the house she had grown up in and been thankful to leave following her marriage, waiting for it to fully appear once the concealment charm had recognised her as a member of the Black family. Reaching down to lift up the front of the long black skirt she wore underneath her stylish emerald green coat the elegant young woman ascended the steps at the front of the building and, after tapping the tip of her wand on the door to unlock it, slipped inside the long entrance hall. A house elf appeared at the foot of the staircase directly in front of her. "Miss Narcissa," the creature murmured whilst performing a deep bow. The dirty pillow case it wore slipped to reveal the creatures grotesquely scarred back. It had always amused her sisters, Bellatrix and Apolline, to torment the poor creatures whenever they could or to order them to punish themselves for no real reason. "May Narbey be of assistance?" "Yes," she responded, speaking firmly but kindly as she had treated all of the house elves she had become mistress of in her own house following her marriage. "Please see to it that all of my belongings which remain in this house are sent to Malfoy Manor at once." "Yes, Miss Narcissa." The house elf disappeared with a tell-tale pop, allowing her to make her way up the first flight of narrow stairs towards the sitting room on the first floor of the tall and thin house. Portraits of her ancestors stared at her as she passed them by, some calling out and demanding her attention but she remained focused on making her way up the staircase. She would not be deterred from the difficult task she had undertaken. During the rise of the Dark Lord both she and her then fiancé had been pressured into joining his cause by their families, Lucius taking the Dark Mark alongside his father whilst she had escaped being branded due to the fact that both of her parents as well as two of her older sisters had leapt at the chance to become fully fledged members of the evil cause. Thus she had been allowed to slip into the shadows, spouting his rhetoric when it was required of her but never once taking any sort of vow to remain faithful to the Dark Lord. Now that he had been gone for almost a year, supposedly vanquished by an infant whose parents had sacrificed their lives in a desperate attempt to save his, she and her husband had come to an agreement. It was time for them to begin anew, without the pressures and expectations put on them not only by their family but by the Wizarding Community at large. They had their son, their little dragon, to think of now. She could already imagine how her parents were going to take this decision of theirs which was why her husband and son had already begun closing up Malfoy Manor, five-year-old Draco "helping" as best he could, and would meet her at the international apparation point in a couple of hours time after she had concluded her business with her family. It wasn't going to be a pleasant meeting. She could remember how her parents, especially her mother, had reacted when Andromeda had admitted she was pregnant out of wedlock and that the father of her child had been a muggle she'd met on a night out in muggle London. They'd cast her out of the house that night with only the clothes on her back. Thankfully the muggle in question had taken her in and they'd been married in a small muggle ceremony a couple of months before they'd been blessed with a daughter. Narcissa hadn't been able to attend the wedding but she had managed to visit a couple of months after the baby's birth without the rest of her family finding out. Nymphadora had been the most adorable thing she had ever seen, wriggling in her multi-coloured blankets, gurgling almost constantly and snuggling against her chest as she held the young infant. She'd returned home feeling broodier than she ever had in her life. Stepping into the sitting room she was unsurprised to find her parents sat on opposite sides of the room, her father sitting at the writing desk going through official looking papers while her mother reclined on the sofa in front of a roaring fire. Druella Black, nee Rosier, did not look her forty-nine years thanks to the potions and charms she used daily in order to maintain her appearance which had led to her being confused with her eldest daughters, Bellatrix and the twins, Andromeda and Apolline. Unlike her sisters Narcissa took after their father, at least in looks, and had had a lifetime of unkind comments about her blonde hair. "Narcissa, darling, what a pleasant surprise," her mother murmured, placing her cocktail glass down on the coffee table before rising to her feet as swiftly as he restrictive corset would allow. She, like all the fashionable women of her generation, was still content to dress as though it was still the 1800's. "What brings you home so unexpectedly?" Leaning down to kiss her mother's cheek as was expected of her Narcissa offered her father a small smile before squaring her shoulders and taking a step back, removing herself from immediate striking distance whilst her hand curled around the jewelled handle of her wand. "I came to say goodbye," she murmured, reaching up with her other hand to tuck her long blonde hair behind her ear. "Lucius and I are leaving the country. We no longer wish to be associated with the darkness of the last few years and have decided to begin anew." "…I beg your pardon?" "We have our son to think about, now, and neither of us wish for him to grow up under the shadow of this families darker affiliations," she pressed on, taking another step backwards towards the door as her mother advanced towards her. "I apologise if this upsets you, mother, but I wish for my son to grow up with every opportunity available to him which will never happen as long as his parents are associated with the cancer that was the Dark Lord." Her mother's face had turned almost purple with barely controlled rage, her top lip curled into a vicious snarl while if anything her father's complexion had turned completely ashen. "…you ungrateful little bitch !" Unfortunately she didn't flinch back quickly enough to avoid the backhanded blow her mother lashed out with, the countless bejewelled rings adorning her hand leaving a series of bloody gauges in their wake as they sliced through the soft skin of Narcissa's cheek. She had little time to cry out in shock, pressing a hand to the shockingly painful injury, before her mother grabbed her by her hair and dragged her out into the hallway. With her body bent double, her mother pulling her head downwards as she walked, it was almost impossible for her to navigate the stairs down to the ground floor without tripping and crashed into the wooden bannister more than once. Her father followed a little way behind. "Your own family is no longer good enough for you, is that it?" he mother demanded, dragging her into the extravagant dining room which took up most of the ground floor of the house. One wall was completely filled by the 'Black Family Tapestry' upon which ever member of the family was magically recorded at birth or marriage, depending on how they entered into the family ranks. "Fine. You always were a weak little bitch, ungrateful of the advantages life's given you. You've never belonged in this family and so now I cast you out !" Narcissa had known that her visit would most likely end up this way. She hadn't imagined it would hurt so much to see her mother draw her deformed looking wand, a reflection of her own deformed personality perhaps, and blast her image from the tapestry. Her sister's face had been removed similarly shortly after she'd been thrown out. Her husband's image and that of her precious son received the same brutal treatment. Moments later she was thrown out of the front door with enough force to send her tumbling painfully down the steps, landing with a pained cry on the pavement below them. Only the magical charms on the front of the house stopped the muggles going about their daily business from noticing the young woman clutching at her bleeding cheek and bruised ribs, staring up at her parents who didn't say another word to her before shutting the door. Gritting her teeth the young woman pushed herself up onto her knees, whimpering softly as her bruises body protested, before finally continuing to rise unsteadily to her feet. It wasn't the first time her mother had physically struck Narcissa, none of the four siblings had been spared the punishment of her stinging blows growing up, but it had never been this bad before. She feared that her ribs, where the pain was only increasing, were in fact broken. Checking on her wand she was relieved to find it undamaged. She had intended to walk off her meeting with her parents but that wasn't possible now and so, raising her wand with her trembling hand, she apparated herself home to Malfoy Manor. " Cissa!" "Mummy!" As much as she would have liked to reassure the two most important people in her life that she was alright she couldn't, instead she found herself falling unexpectedly into the arms of her husband who quickly scooped her up into a bridal hold and carried her through to one of the pieces of furniture which had yet to be shrunken for transport to their new house. "What happened?" Lucius demanded, holding onto her chin as she reclined back into his favourite armchair and examining the cuts to her