All the Right Reasons Were Wrong All Along Pairings: Leo/Calypso, past Percy/Calypso, mentioned Percy/Annabeth Warnings: House of Hades spoilers, direct dialogue from House of Hades Note: This was meant to be angsty, and somehow ended up humourous thanks to Leo. Still has hints of angst. Was meant to be a one-shot. But ended up as a two-shot for being ridiculously long. Part 2/chapter 2 of this was written after I finished the infamous ending to the Divergent trilogy; Allegiant. So I may or may not have been drowning in my own dead feelings, pain, and tears while writing it, which means it'll be a little oddly written. And the angst at the end might be over exaggerated. Disclaimer: PJO and HoO series belong to Rick Riordan. Including the current cover. Ugh, I'm too lazy to start designing covers again...or even search for them. When Percy Jackson told Calypso that he couldn't stay with her forever, it broke her heart. Again. It had been years since the gods had so pleasantly dropped off another hero in Ogygia to breath Calypso's heart without intention. After Odysseus with Penelope came Drake. And after Drake with Elizabeth came Percy. After Percy with Annabeth? Well she'd say she would probably have to wait another century or so before a hero was dropped onto her island. She was sure she had plenty of time to bottle that resentment down. She was sure that she would be able to let all that anger and venom slip into a ghost of her past, just like her old flames. Calypso knew that Percy wouldn't stay. She had promised herself not to offer. After all, asking him that was just setting herself up for heartbreak. But when she finally admitted her resolve to Percy, illusions of hope came fluttering in. "But...my friends." It was then that a part of her started to grasp on to that false hope. She thought that she might be able to change his mind. This war that was going on—what difference would one less demigod make? They could stay on Ogygia forever, and Calypso would never be brokenhearted ever again. It was a perfect fantasy that could be lived out on this peaceful island forever. She would never have to fear falling in love with the next hero that washed up ashore. Instead, she and Percy would live happily ever after. Calypso could see it playing all out in her mind. For one moment, Calypso could see him considering it, weighing all possibilities and choices. She hoped desperately that he would stay, but in the end she had already expected his answer. "I can't." And so he left, never to return again. If Calypso could put blame on anyone for this, it would be Hephaestus. He had interrupted them right before she could tell him about her offer. He was bound to leave after such grave news about the Titan War. Of course, he also had to return to his beloved Annabeth. All the heroes that she met already found their missing half. Calypso became nothing more than just a Titan imprisoned on an island set to detain heroes from their ultimate goal. The year after Percy's departure, these thoughts finally began to sink it. Calypso was always bitter during the first few years after someone left the island. To keep herself from drowning in her sorrow, she buried herself in little tasks, never resurfacing long enough to let the full blunt of the pain overtake her. Except when she began to allow herself to think about him, she felt a tiny sprout of hatred and bitterness. The gods had forgotten to release her from Ogygia after the Titan War. It was out of that venom which she wished that Annabeth would know what it felt like to be abandoned by her love. A certain kind of satisfaction came out of it, but it left as soon as it came. Eventually, she forced herself to keep on going. She had survived three heartbreaks. It would be another century or so before the gods sent her another castaway demigod. She was going to be fine. Of course, nothing ever went right with the Olympian gods. Calypso had been setting up her dining table from the beach when she heard an odd whirling noise from above. She glanced up in the direction of the noise just in time to see something burst—no, explode into flames above her island and shoot straight towards her dining table before it split into a smaller bolt of fire that diverted another way. Calypso moved away from the fire immediately, letting it crash into her dining table with a loud KA BOOM! Thankfully, Calypso had moved far enough away so that she wouldn't be crushed by some glowing flaming sphere that seemed to click indignantly at Calypso. She took a few deep breath, trying to process exactly what had just happened. By that time, someone—a boy perhaps, was struggling towards the eight feet deep crater where the sphere had landed. She blinked a few times in surprise. It was a demigod. Of course it was a demigod, and of all the demigods to land on her island, this had to take the prize for the most ostentatious entrance. Even Percy, who had apparently blown up a volcano before he landed, wasn't even this extravagant. The smoke cleared, and she took in the ragged appearance of the hero before her. At first, she didn't really know what to make out of the hero—he was a demigod, right? Calypso's first thought was He looks nothing like what a hero is supposed to look like. All heroes that had landed on Ogygia had been well filled out with nicely defined muscles. Though Percy may have been modest about it, Calypso could definitely seen the strong build on him. It was not the case for this newcomer. His clothes smoking and covered in dust and sand, he looked nothing more than a scrawny little imp with slightly darker complexion than the heroes she was familiar with. Calypso wondered briefly what had happened those few years (was it years? She couldn't remember anymore) since Percy left Ogygia. Certainly things were different outside now. Maybe even more different than how Percy described it (apartments and Manhatten?). Except she was sure that it wasn't as different as the last time she had checked. She was still imprisoned on Ogygia after all. The demigod (Calypso refused to call him 'hero'. It would mean acknowledging that he was the next Percy in her life, which would definitely not happen) spotted the sphere in the crater almost immediately after scanning the area quickly (managing to completely miss Calypso). "Sphere!" the demigod cried out gleefully. "Come to Papa!" Calypso figured that he was probably going to be the strangest demigod that ever landed on her island, and Drake the pirate was plenty strange. She also figured that she didn't want him on the island any more than he wanted to stay. Heroes that washed up (or exploded) on her island always left. This would be the first time Calypso would be glad to call the magical raft to take him far, far away from her. He skidded down the crater and scooped the sphere up in his hands before cradling it like it was his child. Running his hands on the surface of the sphere, he seemed to be deep in thought. It was then that Calypso became aware of herself just staring at him as if he had, pun intended, come from another world. The words found their way to Calypso. When a hero landed on Ogygia, she would usually offer them kind words and a home. But that was when she fell in love with them at first sight. With this demigod? The first words that came out were, "What are you doing? You blew up my dining table!" He turned around to shoot her a narrowed look. It was dismissive and irritated, and that made Calypso feel angry. Demigods these days! "Oh, I'm sorry!" he said, sarcasm so clear in his voice that even a goddess trapped on an island for the better part of humanity could hear it. "I just fell out of the sky. I constructed a helicopter in midair, burst into flames halfway down, crash-landed, and barely survived. But by all means—let's talk about your dining table!" He grabbed something melted that faintly resembled a goblet. "Who puts a dining table on the beach where innocent demigods can crash into it? Who does that?" Calypso clenched her fist, barely able to control the anger that had been eating away at her for months since Percy left. She had thought she pushed all those emotions away, but now it was coming back. What was worse was this insolent child of a demigod spouting sarcastic insults about her dining table right after said demigod destroyed the dining table. And what was worse? She was supposed to fall in love with him . He was a demigod who landed on her island after all. Demigod equals hero. Hero on Ogygia equals destined to break Calypso's heart. Hidden premise? Calypso had to fall in love in order for him to break her heart. This was giving her an anger-induced headache. "REALLY?" she screamed at the sky, unable to control it anymore. All the bottled up resentment and anger burst through the glass walls she had tried to hold them back in. Now she was destined to fall in love with this demigod? Did the gods think it was funny? Well if Calypso ever got off this island, she'd consider showing them how funny and hilarious it would be when she exacted her raging emotions' vengeance on them. "You want to make my curse even worse? Zeus! Hephaestus! Hermes! Have you no shame?" "Uh...," the demigod began somewhat hesitantly. He looked a little worried for her sanity which was no surprise. "I doubt they're listening. You know, the whole split personality thing—" Calypso wasn't even listening anymore. "Show yourself!" Calypso yelled at the sky. "It's not bad enough you take away the few good heroes I'm allowed to meet? You think it's funny to send me this—," she barely even knew how to describe him, "—this charbroiled runt of a boy to ruin my tranquility? This is NOT FUNNY! Take him back!" She was never a blunt person, but the gods were driving her crazy nowadays. "Hey, Sunshine," the demigod said. Great, now they were talking nicknames? Calypso would fry him on the spot if she actually could. "I'm right here, you know." Calypso growled at him. "Do not call me Sunshine! Get out of that hole and come with me now so I can get you off my island!" Calypso could barely remember being so hostile to others before, especially demigods that appeared on Ogygia, but this was just taking it too far. If the gods were having fun laughing at her in Olympus, so be it. All Calypso wanted was to be left alone for another century or so and wait for a real hero to show up again to break her heart. Once the demigod climbed out of that awful hole he had created, Calypso marched down to the shoreline where the hero must have landed. She gestured to it. "This was a pristine beach! Look at it now." No hero had ever caused such havoc when they landed. This was surely a sign that this demigod was an accident. Yes, that was it. An accident. Then she could send him off and be alone in peace again. That was a wonderful, if fleeting, thought. "Yeah, my bad," the demigod muttered. "I should've crashed on one of the other islands. Oh, wait—there aren't any!" Sarcasm again. Calypso snarled at him before continuing her way along the edge of the water. He was making it sound like it was all her fault for him landing here. Well, she didn't even