Somewhere in the Belly of the Beast Pairing: Nico di Angelo/Will Solace, background Bianca di Angelo/Zoë Nightshade Summary: Nico cuts his lifeline loose. Will saves him even before they know each other. (Fusion: Supernatural) A/N: Title comes from Florence + the Machine's "Various Storms and Saints" (you may want to listen to it during the read, it's up to you) This is an alternate universe where all characters are put in the Supernatural (TV) 'verse. Spoilers for Supernatural up to 4x01 Lazarus Rising. characters switched: Nico - Dean Will - Castiel Bianca - Sam Zoe - Ruby Chiron - Bobby Bryce - Alastair Reyna - Bela Lou - Pamela Warning for mild gore and implied non-con (not Will/Nico). "Who are you?" The only known knife capable of destroying demons was gripped tightly between callused fingers, positioned to cut through flesh and pierce the heart at a moment's notice. Nico narrowed his eyes, his muscles tense and his hand steady on the hilt of the knife. The man gazed at him, a flicker of amusement in his eyes as he said, "I guess you can say that I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition." His blue eyes were human-looking, but Nico knew better than anyone in the entire goddamn world that there was nothing human about him. Nico felt an unwarranted flush of arousal at the rough sound of his voice that his body chose to interpret as bend me over the table right now and take me . He pushed the sudden urge down and looked at the being directly in the eyes. "Yeah, thanks for that," Nico managed to say even as the intensity of his blue eyes stole his breath. Without a moment to spare, Nico plunged the knife into the heart of the being. Instead of the surprised look of death and flashing orange lights, the being simply looked down at the hilt sticking out of his body right where his heart was supposed to be. He looked back up at Nico's stunned expression with what looked like a smirk before pulling the knife out. The blade didn't even have blood on it. Shit . Obviously Nico was dealing with some kind of monster that even the only effective ammunition he had against demons didn't work. They were screwed. While Nico was stumped over this, Chiron took this moment to act. He brought the crowbar up to strike the stranger in the head from behind, but the creature reached his hand out behind him and grabbed the weapon – halting its' path. Nico could only watch in shock as the being easily disarmed Chiron and pressed two fingers against the older man's forehead. Chiron's eyes rolled up and he collapsed on the warehouse ground. Then the man turned back to face Nico. He swallowed, taking a small step backwards and away from it. The being only took a step forward – bullet-hole ridden trench coat and all. "We need to talk, Nico. Alone," he said. He couldn't believe his ears. This…creature who had been stabbed with the demon-killing knife and lived and knocked out a trained hunter with a press of his fingers just wanted to talk ? Well, he'd be damned if he wasn't on his guard around this monster. Nico skirted around the creature and crouched over Chiron to check his pulse. He swore to God if this monster had hurt Chiron… "Your friend's alive," the being called over, and Nico looked up to see him flipping casually through the books of lore they had brought with him. He asked the question again: "Who are you?" The man focused his gaze on Nico again, all blue eyes and blond hair. "Vriel. But I often go by Will." A smile came upon his lips, and Nico fought his urge to kiss the man – creature. Vriel – that was the name he was given from Lou Ellen on the thing that had pulled Nico from Hell. However seeking that information had cost the psychic her eyes, and if Vriel could burn out Lou Ellen's eyes just for searching for his name…well Nico wasn't too eager to see the full extent of his – its' power. "I figured," Nico muttered to himself. He turned his eyes back on the creature who was watching him with curious eyes. "Maybe I should rephrase it: what are you?" "I'm an angel of the Lord," Will said without a beat as if they were talking about the weather. The impossible piece of information was so unexpected that Nico couldn't help the noise of incredulity escape him. Will frowned and tilted his head. "What's wrong?" Nico finally found the words to speak. "Get the hell out of here, Will . There's no such thing." He had been hunting for a long enough time now to know that angels and God and all things holy didn't exist. This had to be some sort of elaborate joke made by an overpowered demon. Will sighed. "That's your problem, Nico. You have no faith." Before Nico could scoff at his words, lightning flashed and huge shadowy wings were casted onto the warehouse walls behind Will – Vriel . The wings unfurled, seeming too large to be contained onto Will's suddenly too small body. All too soon the light was gone and the wings faded from sight, leaving an attractive man in a trench coat standing before him. "Fine, you're a literal angel from above," Nico said, hating the way he sounded so breathless. He calmed his racing heart before he continued to speak. "But why would an angel rescue me from Hell?" The memories of screaming and pain flashed through his mind – a sharp razor held in his own hand, a wicked grin stretching his mouth as he became the very thing he hated the most… The angel took a step toward him and tilted his head. His eyes were full of inquiry and pity, and Nico knew that the angel saw into his mind at that moment. "You don't think you deserve to be saved," Will said, his voice quiet in the din of the warehouse and the light storm outside. It wasn't a question and Nico turned his face away, trying to push all his emotions down. Now there was a hand on his shoulder that was all too warm, too comforting, too human for Nico to believe that this touch came from a being far older and superior to him if he was what he claimed to be. When the hunter could finally muster the strength to turn and look at the angel, he felt tears prickle at the back of his eyes. Will was looking at him not with disgust that he should feel after glimpsing Nico's memories in Hell but with a soft tender look of concern and care. Unbidden words slipped out before he had the mind to hold them back. "I'm sorry," Nico said, feeling the tears spill from his eyes and down his cheeks. "I'm so sorry." His chest heaved and Nico brought his hands up to wipe away his tears, but they somehow ended up covering his face as he sobbed. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry," he repeated over and over again not to the angel but to everyone he'd ever hurt on earth and during his years in Hell. He was vaguely aware of strong warm arms that were wrapped around him and a voice telling him that it was okay and he was forgiven. Nico focused on the gentle voice and the warmth surrounding him until his tears turned into hiccupping sniffles. For the first thirty years, Nico refused the offer. "Why not?" Bryce taunted, brandishing a razor as he trailed it down Nico's arms to circle at the place where his heart was. Though they had gone through this routine so many times, Nico was still frightened out of his mind. Somewhere, he was aware that there were others who hung on the rack not far away screaming for mercy. But right now he felt alone – the others' screams were just part of the distant cacophony in the background. What he did feel was the cold steel blade pressed against his skin, a stark contrast to the infinite furnace of Hell. The demon's black eyes were alight with glee when he pressed his blade harder into his skin. Nico held back a whimper and forced himself to look back into Bryce's depthless eyes. "I'll never become a demon like you," he spat, gathering the courage that he didn't feel. The demon took this as a cue to begin. With a flick of his wrist and an unrelenting pressure, Bryce carved a path straight to his heart. Nico cried out at the pain, twisting his hands and legs uselessly at the sharp chains that suspended him. He felt the blade push deeper and he wished that death would take him. But he was already dead, and this was his punishment. Bryce screwed the blade around and yanked it out of him so fast that Nico's blood splash all over the demon. He cried out, hands clenching and body in spasm against the chains that held him. "Please, no," he whimpered. Bryce plunged his fingers into the hole in his heart and pushed around inside the damaged organ, and Nico cried out as excruciating pain shot through his whole body. "Stop! Stop!" he was crying out, but he knew that the demon had only just begun. "How about we feed you your heart, today?" Bryce murmured, close enough to Nico that he could smell the demons' putrid breath. He gagged, desperately straining against the chains. "Or…we can take you off the rack. Doesn't that sound great?" he asked, his slimy lips pressed against Nico's ears now. It came at a price, Nico knew that. If he took the offer and got off the rack, he would be given all the tools that were once used to wreck his body – his soul , and then he wield them the same way Bryce did on him. "No," came Nico's voice, almost inaudible. Bryce sighed dramatically. "Well, personally," he said with a vicious grin. "I can't say no to another brave idiot who thinks they can last long." With that, the air was filled with Nico's screams of agony and Bryce's vile laughter. Each day it got harder to say no. Just another day. Just another day. But each day passed with more difficulty than the one before it, and soon Nico found himself saying yes and eventually holding a razor with ease in his hand as he stood before another mangled soul. There was a woman in front of him this time. She was…familiar for some reason, but he disregarded it in favour of choosing the tool he would start with. Perhaps he would start with her fingers – slow torture that lead to a cacophony of pleading and screaming. Yes, that seemed like a good way to start off his day… "Nico?" The voice tore him from his thoughts and he squinted at the soul in front of him. No one from the rack had ever called him that. Then he recognized her. Reyna Ramírez-Arellano – the woman he had briefly worked with in the hunting business who had died a few months prior to his own death. A wide smile came upon his face. "Hello, Reyna," he cooed while he slid a finger down the bladed side of his tool to test for the sharpness. When his finger came up bloody, his smile grew wider. "You know, I never did figure out why you sold your soul. Was it for the money? Maybe for a shot at a false romance?" Her expression was a mixture of confusion and anger. "Why are you here?" she demanded, ignoring Nico's mocking. Then understanding lit her eyes. "Bianca," she whispered. "She died, didn't she? And you – stupid boy that you are…you sold