UPDATE: Fresh Rain trigger warnings are now available in a link on profile page. Summary: Bella has always felt alone, but that was fine. She's always had her books, her dreams. She tends to blame herself, even for things that aren't her fault. Especially when things aren't her fault. Which makes it harder to get to know people, really. Which is why she turns to stories, to dreams, and to those who reside within them. What would happen if Bella faced herself? What would happen if the Cullens had more to their histories than a vague sense of compassion and an impossible biology? Many thanks to Timekeeper101 for beta'ing this chapter! Disclaimer: Fanfic is a fickle friend, Reader. SMeyer is as SMeyer does. Remember that. Prologue: The sun was sinking into the horizon at an alarming rate. Soon, they would be upon us. Behind me, I heard a quiet murmur: "Dun dun dunn." This would have been sufficiently annoying, but continuing to the tune of Nocturne in E Flat was just silly. Chapter One: First Smite (AKA: Smitten) I'm not much a fan of airports. Actually, I'm not a fan of people in airports. Well, okay, I have nothing against people in general. Crowds of people in a rush? Downright horrific. I managed to stay away from a decent part of the crowd after a trolley lunged into me. I spent the majority of my time in line at the help desk, hoping for a bandage. (I bled everywhere, a janitor gave me a sour look, and I used laser vision to cauterise the wound. Fantastically, one of these anecdotes is true.) This occurred on the second leg of my trip; I'd be at my new home soon. My mother recently married a man named Phil, who travels around playing minor-league baseball. I'm a minor, so she had to stay with me in Arizona. After running through my options, I came to a conclusion and acted accordingly. My biological father in Washington happened to have an empty bedroom and a pleasant disposition. Therefore, off I went! It took a lot of convincing on my part before my mom would allow it. Eventually I found the right argument, which was an honest one. I explained how I had spent nearly my entire childhood with her. The past few years, it had gotten to the point where I wasn't even visiting my dad at all. Besides, I'd be going off to college soon, and it would be nice to spend a year or two with him. It wasn't a fun truth to face. I'd started that part of life where you really begin to focus on all of your past mistakes. "Neglect of a parent" sounds weird if you say it out loud, but it's how I felt. I just couldn't believe I hadn't thought of it until mom started getting serious with Phil. My dad... I just can't call him that. I started calling him "Charlie" a few years ago, and while it would be nice to call him "Dad", it'd be too forced. Well, it's not like he calls me "Daughter". Even my mother uses my first name. (Except when I've been mistakenly accused of wrongdoing, in which case I am "Isabella Marie Swan!" ) So, Charlie. Though Charlie is a police officer, the car he picked me up in wasn't his cruiser. As we loaded my luggage into the back seat, he explained. "Strictly speaking, I'm not supposed to use it when I'm off-duty... Ah, but that's not a rule anyone really cares about much around Forks, so long as we keep the cars fueled ourselves." We finished packing up and slid into the sheltered interior of the car, where Charlie had the heater blasting. High above us, thunder rumbled. He allowed me to put down my window. I'd forgotten how nice the rain smelled; it was so clean. I let myself soak into the cool humidity. I was sure I'd get sick of the weather eventually, but it was amazing after so long in the dry heat of Phoenix. After being assured I was safely buckled in, he continued his explanation ("I just didn't like the slow traffic, you know?"), then told me of an instance where someone stopped at a stop-sign for a full thirty seconds; if that didn't seem long, sit still and count to thirty. "That's ridiculous," I stated after thirty seconds. "It was ridiculous, but he got there first, so I had to wait it out." His "happy traffic" car was a gritty, old, red truck. He liked talking about his truck: its rust, its inability to start when the weather's cold, its torn seats, and the lingering smell of tobacco. Apparently, he got the truck from Billy Black, an old family friend. "Sorry, Bells. I'm sure you want your own car to get to school while I'm at work, but it's easier to use one insured under my name. Unless you've made a fortune in stocks while I wasn't looking?" I laughed and recounted my extreme success during a stocks project for computer class, then assured him of my willingness to share joint-custody of the truck. "That is, unless you don't mind me saving up for a GSX-R." "Gee-a-sex what? What's that?" "A motorbike. A gorgeous motorbike." I grinned in the most manic way I could manage, hoping for a reaction. Charlie was too busy concentrating on the road to see my expression, but still groaned. "Get yourself a small car, like your mother. I'm sure you can find a good used one in Port Angeles. It'd be a good investment. You'd live long enough to drive it more than once." As much fun as it was to tease him, I let up on the motorbike. I really did want one someday, and wanted him to take me seriously when the time came. I filed the idea away for my eighteenth birthday. If he didn't change his mind by then, it could wait until college. Instead, I brought up a different tricky subject: my usage of his first name. He never minded being called "Charlie" before, but he might not feel the same way while I'm living with him. He furrowed his brow for a moment, before letting out a snort of laughter. "Only if I can call you Isabella Marie." "Ha! You won't do it. It's a long name. You've got a deal, Charlie." "Hey now, I didn't say you could show disrespect toward your father, Isabella Marie." His voice was stern, but a wide, toothy grin let me know he was joking. The rest of the drive went on with the same banter, until we both ran out of things to say. It wasn't uncomfortable, and the radio was having a good night. Thus far, Forks was treating me well. Charlie seemed to be enjoying the radio as well, so we sat in the car for a few moments until a song ended. At least, that's what I thought we were doing. He glanced at the house, hand hesitantly resting on the car keys. That was confusing. I've been here before, was he was worried I wouldn't like it any more? Turning to look at the house, I noticed something was... off. "Hey, Charlie?" "Lost a bet against Harry Clearwater. Don't bring it up again, Isabella Marie." He exited the car, grabbed my luggage, and walked with dignity into the house. His pretty, pretty, pink house. Forks was seeming more and more like a good idea every second. Morning was rough. We had gotten home late, and with me being unused to the sound of rain, I was kept up even later. When I made the way down the stairs, Charlie was eating breakfast. I yawned a "good morning", digging into the cupboards for a mug. He returned the greeting, then waved to a plate of scrambled eggs and bacon. He must have cooked while I was in the shower. It was a good thing; I'm normally not the type to eat breakfast, but a full stomach would probably be a good idea on the first day in my new school. I poured myself a cup of coffee and started in on the food. "Since when do you drink coffee, Isabella Marie?" I had to check his face to see if his voice was rough in consternation or from waking. "Since I was fourteen, and if you keep calling me that, I'll never take you seriously when I'm really in trouble." His laughter took a good three years off him and added three hours of sleep. He chatted a bit while cleaning his plate; he had sorted my papers out with the school earlier in the week. Directions and the car keys were by the door when I was ready to leave, along with an umbrella. (The latter turned out to be Sherlock Holmes themed, which, while unexpected, was delightful.) The directions were concise and well-written. Perhaps being a police officer involved giving directions often, especially when a major highway ran through the town. Kind of like a gas station. I made a mental note not to apply for work at a local gas station until I was well-acquainted with the geography. This line of thought continued and derailed fantastically during my drive to the school. By the time I got out of the truck and wielded my umbrella of True Justice, I was contemplating a degree in medicine with a minor in chemistry. (In case I met someone who accidentally ingested a dangerous chemical and needed emergency care.) I was up to Sulphuric Acid jokes by the time I reached the main office. The secretary had friendly brown eyes, a matronly smile, and a purple shirt. She introduced herself as Ms. Cope, handed me a map, a list of classes, and an attendance slip. We chatted for a little while, talking about the general layout of the school. It turned out that it had separate buildings, like my old school in Arizona. I had worried it would all be in one building; I knew a lot of high schools didn't have an actual campus. When I asked her about it she said that most single-building schools were toward the eastern part of the country. I nodded thoughtfully, and asked her about parking. "Now you parked in the wrong lot, but don't worry, dear." Ms. Cope pointed to the map. "Here's the student parking lot. Most kids either take the bus or their parents drive them. It shouldn't be too difficult to find a spot." We went over my list of classes, "Sorry, you'll have to wait until next year if you want moved into Chemistry." By the time I exited the office and drove into the parking lot, other students had started to arrive. I once again brought forth my umbrella of Justice, and found my way to Building 3, English. (It was relatively easy to find, due to my map, prior instructions, and the giant black "3" painted on the corner.) Two girls hung up their coats on a row of pegs lining the wall. I copied them with my umbrella (which I would rebelliously continue to use, even if parkas and raincoats were all the rage here). A casually dressed man named Mr. Mason was the teacher. He accepted my slip of paper, signing it with a flourish. I was given a reading list and pointed to the back of the class. I only half-listened to the teacher tear apart a chapter of Jane Eyre. I wasn't fond of English classes. I loved reading more than any other activity, but to turn it into a science was a sin in my book. (I could make a few puns here that would make you giddy as a drunk, but I'll abstain.) I took a few notes if it sounded important enough to be on a test, and spent the rest of my time sketching. At the end of class,