Hi! Thanks for clicking. This is my first story that I am dedicated to sticking to. I have some good ideas bouncing around in my head. I don't currently have anyone to edit except myself, so I hope I have edited as best as possible. Side notes: I'm not a huge fan of the Bella and Edward part of the story. So I may not speak too fondly of that, or focus on it much other than necessary. This story takes place slightly before and during Eclipse. I'm gonna stick with the script until I can veer off the books. Disclaimer: I do not own Stephanie Meyer's Twilight Saga, nor any of the characters except my own original ones. ONE From the front seat of Aunt Sophie's car, I squinted my eyes, trying to peer through the impending darkness at the engulfing green scenery we passed by. The attempt fell in vein; only trees and other car headlights were visible at this time of night. Although having visited this place—Forks, I reminded myself—countless times throughout my childhood, I still felt like I was in a completely alien town. Maybe that was because when I visited, my dad had always been there. Now that he was gone, everything felt foreign to me. My dad's death, not unexpected, had been a long time coming. In fact, after the doctor gave his estimate, it seemed like my family waited for it to happen, morbid as that sounds. By the end, most of my grieving took place in the following weeks where he sat me and my younger brother down to tell us he had terminal brain cancer. It was around the time I noticed him losing his sense of self that his sister, our Aunt Sophie, came to live with us in Oregon, helping out with his medical treatments and anything we needed. She'd left everything behind in Washington where she lived, including her husband and her job as an elementary school teacher. Luckily, they granted her a temporary leave under the unfortunate circumstances. I'd grown unexpectedly close with her, whether it be because she was the female companionship I constantly craved, or the loneliness I began experiencing when my own father couldn't recognize me. The funeral brought on a sense of relief, knowing that the months of suffering were over. I felt some sense of comfort knowing that my parents were together once more. Of course, it was nothing compared to the absolute loss inside me knowing they would never see me graduate, or go to college, get married. Even thinking I could never talk to them, or fight with them over stupid shit I would regret when I got older. Stupid shit I'd fought with him about over the years. Knowing my future children wouldn't know my goofball dad, who wore baseball caps every chance he could and told the same story a million times and, God bless him, bought tampons and pads for me late at night when I first got my period. The absence of my mother, who died giving birth to my brother when I was three, had long been settled, had been set in stone as a part of my life. My father...who raised me and my brother alone, who worked and supported us and taught us everything we knew today... I pushed these thoughts out of my head. Now was not the time. Dad made me promise that I wouldn't cry or grieve anymore than necessary. That I had to be strong for Theo, who had been lost long before all the shit came flying at us. As much as we fought and as far as we had drifted apart, I couldn't imagine what it was like for Theo; he was only fourteen. At least I made it through most of my teenage years, had gotten to celebrate my seventeenth birthday a month ago with Dad. Darkness settled like a blanket over the small town of Forks. Sophie began driving through a more residential part of town, most of the houses lit with light. Some pop music played softly on the radio. The five hour drive from Silverton had been a mostly quiet one, save for some conversation between me and Sophie. Theo, dead silent in the back seat, headphones in his ears, had his eyes closed. I doubted he was actually sleeping. We drove for another ten minutes or so. I remember Sophie explaining she lived near the border of Forks and the Native American reservation called La Push. That was where my mom grew up. Dad grew up in Forks, with his sister and his parents, and where he met his future wife. My paternal grandparents lived in Florida now, living in retirement glory; my mom's mom resided in California. Only Sophie and her husband remained, my parents having relocated to Oregon for my dad's job before I was born. The house we pulled up to was modest and classic, two stories with a driveway and one car garage—well, to be fair, it was dark out and I couldn't see much else except the downstairs lights that illuminated the place. As Sophie put the car in park and turned off the ignition, I began climbing out of the car, my tired muscles rejoicing in finally standing up. The front door opened then, and Dominic, my uncle, emerged from the house, as well as their dog, Finn, who I only recognized from pictures. I let the dog come bounding up to me, sniffing, licking, and panting. I petted him affectionately, the dog giving me a lift I needed. "Alba, it's good to see you," Dominic said simply before hugging me, a warm and familial embrace that I welcomed gratefully. We were not particularly close, but I liked him and we got along well. After the greeting, he started grabbing some of our luggage out of the car. A lot of our stuff—like my dad's stuff—had been put into storage. The other half was shipped out and we would receive it within a week or so. Theo finally emerged from the car, a sullen expression on his face. "Hey buddy, how you doing?" asked Dominic, reaching out his hand to shake. My brother ignored the handshake, instead turning to Sophie. "Where's my room? I'm tired." "We could use your help with our stuff, Theo," I interjected, seeing Sophie's frustrated facial expression. I put emphasis on "our", considering half of it was his. My aunt was much younger than my dad, and the amount of stress and pressure there was to help raise her niece and nephew took a toll on her. I tried to help with Theo as much as possible; he was my brother, after all. "Yeah, if we all grab a couple things, it will only take one trip," added Dominic. "Whatever. Fine." Theo sighed audibly. And they say girls are dramatic. Between the four of us, Finn trailing on our heels, we managed to get everything in the house fairly quickly. Dominic helped my brother take his bags to his room first, so the complaining could stick to a minimum. When they went up the wooden staircase to the second floor, which housed three bedrooms, I joined my aunt in the kitchen. I plopped down at the island counter, while Sophie opened the fridge and took out some Chinese takeout leftovers and popped them in the microwave. When the food was properly warmed, she dished out two plates of vegetable lo-mein, chicken and broccoli, and white rice, placing one of them in front of me. She poured herself a glass of wine and offered me a glass of iced tea. Surprisingly, with my recent lack of appetite, the food smelled good and I felt a small pang of hunger. Dominic came down five minutes later as Sophie and I silently picked through our food, too tired to keep up much conversation. However, when her husband sat down, running his hands through his dark brown hair, both of us could tell Theo stressed him out. "What's the damage?" asked Sophie, sipping on her wine. "I tried to talk to him, but he didn't say anything. Just stared at me." "He won't talk to anyone. Don't take it personally," I said, taking another bite of chicken. Dominic shrugged. "I guess I just feel like I should help him out, you know? He's only fourteen. He's such a sensitive kid..." He trailed off, folding his hands together in defeat. "Who knows, maybe the change of pace will be good for him," suggested Sophie. I hated to rain on their parade, but I never was one to hold my tongue. "All I know is that Theo has been moody since the day he started puberty. Don't hold your breath on him becoming some happy-go-lucky kid." Post-dinner, in which I actually felt full and satisfied, Sophie showed me to my room. It was smaller than my old one, but I couldn't complain. The walls were painted a mint green, blank of pictures and posters because, as Sophie said, "I want you to decorate it so it feels more like home." There was a full-sized bed and tiny closet, a desk and—the best part of the room—a reading nook accompanied with throw pillows, the window covered by a transparent curtain. I hugged my aunt goodnight, thanking her quietly. She closed the door behind her. I collapsed on the bed, sighing with exhaustion. Seeing as it was only nearing nine o' clock, I didn't allow myself to fall asleep just yet. Instead, I checked my cell phone, noticing that I had a few text messages from friends back home. I replied to them absentmindedly, then set it down on the nightstand to charge. I extracted my laptop from my backpack, opened up iTunes, and put on some music while I worked on unpacking. By eleven, all the clothes I had with me were arranged in the closet. There weren't many personal touches to be had yet, considering most of it was on its way here via a hired U-Haul, save for the "fairy lights" I strung up around the room and a few drawings of mine which I tacked on the wall, my favorite pastels I had done over the years. Then there was one picture of me and my parents when my mom was pregnant with Theo, at some lake in Oregon we used to go to. I propped it up on my desk, next to my laptop and my drawing pad. I made sure to bring it with me for safekeeping. Tiredness subsiding from being active, I settled in the comfy reading nook with my drawing pad and a box of half-used pastels. There was not much I could draw in front of me, so I started sketching randomly, letting my hands do the work. Most of the time, I envisioned a picture, or set up shop in a specific scenery I could draw. I liked looking at, say, a flower or a landscape and watching it translate onto the small rectangle at my fingertips. Tonight, however, I closed my eyes, ready to put pastel to paper whatever first popped to mind. After looking at the picture of my parents and I on the beach only minutes before, I found myself starting to outline a pair of eyes. One of my earliest memories was Dad telling me, "Alba, you have your mother's eyes. That's how you'll remember her when you're older. Every time you look in the mirror, a piece of her lives on in you." He repeated it to me often over the years, anytime I felt more distraught than usual about my mother's death. Looking at pictures of my mom when she was younger, it was true. I resembled her, especially where our hazel eyes were concerned. Easily enough, I got lost in recreating the pair of even set eyes, almond shaped and eyelids hooded, framed by full, dark lashes. At some point, I felt my