Chapter One "Sweethearts, would you two mind engaging yourselves in something less…gory?" Edward and Emmett both looked up from the game console toward their adoptive mother, who stood in the doorway of their seldom-used kitchen. She was cleaning a dusty, hand-made red vase that she had picked up from a neighbor's garage sale over the weekend. It still had crayon marks riddled all over it. Mrs. Cullen often liked to shop this way, which she considered giving back to whatever community the Family was enjoying at the time. Esme suddenly winced, and Edward regretted not pausing the game for her as he saw the red blood splash on the screen through her thoughts. Knowing also that his character had been done in compounded that feeling. Stopping the game before his cherished mother could witness the mutilated Zombie's chomping sounds, Edward sheepishly apologized before handing his controller to Emmett. He decided that, for tonight, any desire for blood and dominance could be satisfied through the Hunt. "Frustrated you can't read the minds of the Digital Undead, little brother?" teased Emmett, turning off the game. The bigger vampire plopped himself down onto the cream white floor of the living room and spread his huge arms against the sofa seats. Nothing much fazed the Gentle Giant—an often-important reminder to relax when Edward fell into one of his angry or self-torturous moods. "Weren't you standing right beside me when Esme chastised us? Didn't know Vampires could lose their hearing. You might be turning back into a human." Edward smirked, taking off his shoes. All the best predators of the Wild chased down their prey with the bare soles of their feet, so why shouldn't he? Emmett didn't miss the beat. "You could have just turned off the sound. I think it was your character's legs getting ripped off and slurped down that was the problem for Mom…probably also his Hell-raising screams of agony and his…" "Emmett, I'm sure your brother gets the point, dear." interrupted their mother from the kitchen. Laughing, Edward removed his dark green polo and tossed it at his sibling. Emmett caught it and promptly threw it up to settle on a ceiling fan blade lying motionless above them. "C'mon, Em. Let's burn off some energy. I'll even wrestle a grizzly bear with you. We'll bring some teeth back for Rose." Rosalie, their blonde sister, had a hobby of collecting animal teeth and drilling fascinating designs into them with her tools. The additions of copper wire and semi-precious stones made them hot selling items online. It certainly kept Rose from harassing Edward about pretty much everything related to him. Emmett jumped up and yanked off his own shirt with one strong hand, leaving it next to his brother's on the fan. Too bad he wouldn't get to see his mother's expression when she happened to look up. She would probably ask Carlisle to get them down for her. That'd be funny! The two Cullen boys took one last amused look at the ceiling fan and raced out the patio door, their laughter and hollers breaking the sleepy stillness of the summer night. Mrs. Cullen listened with joy to the sounds of her happy children fading into the forest around her. Forks would be a good place for them to start over, and the cloudy weather would enable them to get out more often—to forget that they were supernatural beings for a time. She hoped Edward would spend more quality time with his siblings, especially since living in the wettest state in the country might allow for more baseball time. Inviting Emmett to hunt with him was certainly a promising start. Draining the kitchen sink of dirty water and wiping the vase with a hand towel, Esme pondered the flowers that would grace the bedroom she shared with her husband as she checked on the condition of the living room. Her boys were nearly a century old, but the Vampire Change had granted some teenage habits permanency. It didn't take Esme very long to spot the location of her children's clothing, hanging like lazy cats from the fan blades. Shaking her head in laughter and seizing the opportunity for her own quality time, Esme called to her husband all the way up on the third floor in his Study. "Carlisle! Honey, could you come here for a moment, please? I need you to get something down for me…" Chapter Two Edward ran through the forest of Forks, pacing his brother's smaller speed. Barefoot, they could both feel the texture of the forest floor and hear the stirrings of animals and smell the aroma of life all around them -the slanting angles of small rocks and uneven ground, the sound of different heartbeats in their own rhythms of time, and the scent of wet wood becoming the earth. It was a sensual experience to be caught up in the Hunt! Edward heard his brother growl in excitement as the other leapt high over a fallen tree in his path, landing solidly on the ground without breaking a stride. The sound of the pounding of their feet as they ran added to the thrill and intoxication of the moment. "Emmett! To the trees!" shouted Edward, running for a Sitka spruce tree and climbing straight up into its branches forty feet from the ground. The challenge of agility through the dense canopy intensified the normally orgasmic experience of pursuing the living blood. Propelling himself between the trees in his ascent towards the star-filled sky, Emmett grabbed a low branch and launched himself through the branches, swinging and twisting himself over and over as he went. Every now and again, nesting birds would shriek and scatter into the night as the Vampire vaulted through their territory. Their alarm increased whenever Emmett shouted "OLYMPICS" at them. Edward, his curiosity roused by his brother's thoughts, came back around through the trees and stretched himself out on a high branch to watch his brother casually somersault. He smiled in contentment. If there were more nights of this kind of spontaneity, more chances for Edward to forget his unnatural nature and his past, then he could make a bit of peace with the rest of the world. "These hunts might be the cure for your long-living blues, Eddie. You lose those, and Rosalie might finally stop saying that you're always on the Rag!" said Emmett, crudely referring to the menstruation condition that young human females had to endure. Edward was well acquainted with the PMS symptoms due to his mind-reading ability, and admitted that credibility was due to his sister. He WAS moody. The bronze-haired boy watched his bigger brother swing swiftly over the middle branch of one tree to get to a higher one in another, when suddenly the branch that he had aimed for broke beneath his weight! Edward watched in alarm as Emmett crashed through the trees to the ground below, although he knew that his immortal brother could not be hurt by such a fall. He quickly jumped down into the thick undergrowth to check on him, and found him staring at something hidden halfway in the soil near a fallen log. It was a human corpse, with some of its clothing still attached… The advanced state of rot suggested that whoever this was had been resting there for quite some time. The skull and left leg were twisted unnaturally backwards, and Edward could see clearly the jagged lines where the person's lower jaw had broken. The bits of clothing still left offered no clues as to the person's gender. Like his vampire father, Edward felt immense sorrow for this individual, who had died all alone in the Wilderness. Any family still living probably never knew what had become of them. The form still clutched a working compass, with the cord of the instrument wound around its bony wrist for safekeeping. Both boys stared for several minutes at the body, weighed down with strong emotions for someone they did not know. It was Emmett who broke the silence of the night first: "Bro. We gotta tell Carlisle and Esme. This person….we can't hide the evidence like we usually do." Edward nodded silently in agreement. Although they had not been responsible for the death, he knew they now carried the burden to see the body laid to rest properly. It hurt Edward to see his brother so upset. Carlisle had created them both, and the other boy carried some of his Maker's compassionate heart inside himself as well. "I can run more swiftly than you, Em. I'll carry the body back to the house." said Edward. He gently picked up the dead hiker in his arms, aware that the shreds of clothing still left barely kept the pieces together. The skull of the poor human rested against Edward's left arm like a sleeping child. It was when he removed the body from its tragic hole that he noticed a large canvas bag underneath it, with the shoulder straps long disintegrated. Emmett retrieved this new clue immediately, and cradled it as Edward did the broken body. They stared at each other in sorrow for a minute, and then ran at vampire speed towards home. Chapter Three Edward quickly flew through the forest at high speed, arriving in the Cullen's backyard in record time. He used his leg to push open the patio door, briefly imagining what Esme would think at the dirt they were tracking in, but that could be handled later. She would understand, as she always did. "Carlisle! Esme! You're needed!" called Edward. He hurried to the kitchen to lay the body on the cherry wood dining table. Esme flew into the kitchen and gasped, her delicate hand covering her mouth in shock. Edward hated himself for having to subject his vampire mother to this horror, and he knew Emmett felt the same way. Carlisle arrived seconds behind her, and stared dumbfounded at the scene before him. The intense stress had turned them into two, ivory-white statues. This time, it was Edward who broke the silence. "We found this person in the woods while we were hunting. We couldn't just leave. We thought we might find out who they were, and…and…" Carlisle's first son couldn't bear it, and left his speech to get control over his emotions. A sudden calmness enveloping him announced his brother Jasper's arrival to the event. No shock followed Jasper's witness of the corpse. Unfortunately, he had seen too much death to be greatly affected. Edward was thankful for this, as any projection of his brother's shock or sadness would have brought him to his knees. Too bad he couldn't block out the stricken thoughts of his other siblings. Both Alice and Rosalie clung to their mates in stunned silence, and Edward was glad that Rosalie felt no need to use her battle claws against him for using the beautiful kitchen table as a makeshift morgue. His sister was thinking of the time she'd found Emmett all alone in the woods, dying from a bear attack. Edward smiled fondly as she thought a silent prayer of thanks that her handsome husband had not ended up as this unfortunate one. "We need to find their family, Pops. We will use discretion." whispered Emmett. The Giant's face bore an expression of anger, imagining that someone might have committed murder against this innocent adventurer. Emmett hated bullies and was a valued protector of his family. Carlisle put his arm around his dear wife's shoulders and held her closer. She whimpered, her hand still covering her mouth in distress and her eyes closed to the horror. Edward went to his lovely mother and kissed her caramel hair. We will solve this as soon as possible , he thought, frowning. Carlisle cleared his throat gently and ran a hand through his golden hair. Centuries of perfecting his skills as a medical doctor had sharpened his intellect and authority. Taking a deep breath to calm his nerves and