Author's Note: Hiya, so if you're new to this story welcome. If not welcome back and I hope you enjoy the newly refined version. This story was initially published back in 2013 and was updated sporadically until the end of 2016. It had a following of 65 people, which may seem like a small number to some but was a great accomplishment to me, especially to have received 36 reviews and 18,000 views. I have grown as a writer since I first started this story so I became very unhappy reading it over later down the line. I edited it at the end of last year and still remained uphappy which is why I have recreated it now, which I hope doesn't irritate my loyal readers too much. I just feel like I didn't develop my characters too much and moved my story far too quickly along in too many short chapters. So here it is, a brand new WIP. Please leave your reviews… I do take the time to read them and I appreciate every single one of them. Thank you all Lauren x Chapter One: Rail Road The evening air was a cool sense of relief but humidity still lingered after another scorching summer day. Beads of sweat slid down the neck of a young Sirius Black, who was leaning against the alley wall of a very grimy, shifty looking pub. The wall was caked in a layer of pollen, dust, and dried dirt. There was a bitter smell of ammonia and vinegar that clung to it from where patrons had previously relieved themselves or emptied their stomach contents against it. But the stench did not seem to bother the boy leaning against it as smoke billowed out of his mouth ensnaring his senses. He watched with head tipped back as the smoke wisped and dissipated into the breeze. It both tasted and smelled foul and was a habit that would eventually end up killing him he knew, but quite frankly at this moment in time he didn't awfully care all that much. Right now it provided him a sense of freedom and release he was looking for from some of his frustrations. A decent shag could do him some good right now too, but in a place like this it was highly unlikely he'd find one worthy enough of his current appetite. He closed his eyes and took another long drag on the cigarette between his fingers. He was the only human occupant in the alleyway as the sun was setting over the rooftops. With his eyes closed he could better pick up the sound of the pitter patter of rodent feet scurrying against the concrete underfoot. Do doubt rats scavenging the litter surrounding the pub's skip bin. Not that rats particularly bothered Sirius being a wizard. Especially since the animagus form of one of his closest friends was indeed that of a rat. Suddenly a heavier set of footprints echoed against the walls, slapping the concrete as they made their way towards him. Human feet. He didn't even bother opening his eyes to acknowledge the intruder of his solace. "Figured I'd find you here" A feminine voice pierced his reverie. "McKinnon" He acknowledged with a click of his tongue. He opened his eyes and blew another cloud of smoke straight into her face as she stood before him, arms crossed over her chest. If she was bothered by this invasion of her clean air space, she didn't make it obvious. She didn't even cough. Instead she just offered him a scowl her eyebrows nearly touching one another. Her long blonde hair was tied back away from her face in a messy high ponytail, frizzled from sun damage. She wore faded denim three-quarter shorts and a loose fitting white t-shirt which was starting to collect a V-shaped patch of sweat in the centre of her chest. "You know we've known each other for years now Black. You'd think you'd learn to call me Marlene by now." She scoffed, scowl unwavering. "Prongs calls Evans, Evans and he's known her for years. Why can't you be McKinnon?" He retaliated with a smirk. He ran his tongue over his capped lips before pressing the cigarette against them again. "I'm not having this argument with you right now" She huffed this wasn't the battle she had come here to fight. "Speaking of James he's worried about you". "Why should he be?" Sirius replied nonchalant. "Well considering no one has heard from you in over a week, nearly a fortnight. You're lucky Mr Potter isn't letting Mrs Potter file a missing person's report with the ministry. Where the bloody hell have you been? Didn't you think about the consequences of your actions on the people who care about you? They're honestly worried sick over you." She was starting to lose her patience with the arrogant prick. She surveyed his appearance properly for the first time. Other than the smoking he appeared in good health despite being scruffy looking. He was wearing a buttoned shirt with the sleeves rolled up above his elbows and a pair of dark jeans, not exactly suitable clothing for the weather. They weren't sparking but they were clean to an extent. He was tanned, freckles had sprouted along his nose and up his arms, and his long locks of hair looked as good as ever. "Here and there" He supplied. He flicked the ash that was building on his cigarette. Who did this bloody bird think she was? Sticking her nose in where it wasn't wanted. "Sirius" She growled unfolding her arms, fists clenched. "I gave you an answer didn't I?" He shook his head and rolled his eyes matter of factly. "Sirius, you get a letter advising you of your Uncle's passing and all hell breaks loose. You storm out of the Potter's. Go off on a bender without even telling anyone where you are heading or how long you plan to be. Now would you just tell us where the hell you've been?" "Me" He replied. "Excuse me?" She asked. "'Now would you just tell me where you've been?' There's no one else here Mckinnon. The word 'us' is plural, so unless you're up the duff and aren't telling me McKinnon you count as a you not us." He added sarcastically. "Smart git. Now where have you been?" She offered him a smile at that. "Around, I already told you that. I received a suitable amount of inheritance from my late uncle. I used it to purchase a motor bike. Not that that is any of your business what so ever" He threw his head in the direction of the skip where the shiny tail end of the bike in question could just be seen from behind it. "A muggle motor bike…" The word practically fell out of her mouth. It was bad enough he smoked but now he'd added another hobby that was even more of a death trap to the list. She couldn't exactly say she was pleased. "With a few wizarding enhancements of course." Sirius said smugly giving her a famous flirtatious wink. "Such as?" "It can fly" He replied simply. "For Merlin's sake Black. No wonder you're running your friends and family mad with worry." She was exasperated. "My family don't give two shits about me McKinnon. They proved that when they threw me out at the beginning of the summer" He growled. "I was talking about the Potter's you numbskull. They took you in didn't they? Have cared for you, fed you, clothed you and all the rest of it. They love you Sirius. It's not always blood that makes family you know." Her tone was soft now, less aggravated. "Yeah… I guess so. Sorry" The words were not apologetic. "It's not me you should be saying sorry to Sirius. I know what you're like. It's them you should be apologising to. Go home. That means home not house. Your home is with the Potter's. Your house… If you even want to dare call it that… is the Black's. Got it?" "Got it." He replied gruffly "How'd you find me anyway?" Dammit his smoke was dwindling now, wasted after getting too caught up in the conversation. "You are nothing if not predictable Black. I simply looked around any cringe worthy looking bar I could find in the East London area." She laughed at how horrified he seemed at being called predictable. "If I'm so predictable why didn't you find me sooner?" He asked blatantly. "Because I thought you might have needed some space. But it's been long enough Sirius. Go home. Put them out of their misery. Whether you realise it or not: there are people in this world that do care about you Sirius. Go home to them." She said calmly as she walked away. "That's it? No slap on the wrist and 'don't do it again' you're leaving just like that?" "I can't control you Sirius. Getting angry at you isn't going to fix anything. But I can tell you to go home." And with that she turned the corner, disappeared from sight and into the oncoming night. Sirius looked down at his cigarette which was now worth nothing. He tossed it to the ground and stubbed the already dying embers out with his toe. He coughed a few times, spat and walked to retrieve his bike scuffing his shoes as he went. Placing his helmet on his head and clipping the chin strap together he admitted, though only to himself, that Marlene was right. It was time for him to go home. He kicked the stand down, turning the key in the ignition the bike started to roar. His mind was virtually blank as he followed the highway and the rolling hills, he couldn't think of a single decent excuse he could lay down in front of the Potter's. why had he spontaneously left the Potter house hold, bought a motor bike and gone on a road rage around the country? He hadn't got a clue; it was just something he knew he needed to do. Quickly checking his rear view mirrors beforehand Sirius turned on the invisibility booster he'd had installed in the bike and pulled up to lift it into the air. Full darkness was now upon him; it would be quicker to the Potter's home if he flew. After an hour or so the house was finally in sight, he turned the booster off as he came in to land. The engine rumbled as it came to a steady, rolling stop outside the Potter household. Sirius noticed a flurry of the curtains in the sitting room before the front door burst open. "Fleamont! He's here! Fetch James!" The shrill voice of Mrs Potter rang out as she opened the door. The frail old woman nearly broke her ankles coming down the fronts steps in such a rush to greet him. She took his face in both hands giving him a good looking over, even taking the precaution of moving his hair out of his face to get a better look. She came to the same conclusions Marlene had earlier that evening, he was scruffy but certainly unscathed. She didn't care that he smelt like a combination of smoke and exhaust fumes and that there was still a hint of alcohol of his breath, her adopted son was finally home safe and sound, just where he was meant to be. That was all she cared about because that was all that really mattered. "Oh Sirius dear, where have you been?!" She said flustered. "You've had us sick with worry. No explanation. No note!" "Sorry Mrs P" He replied as sincerely as he could muster. "Oh well you're here now and you're safe. That's all that matters. Now come inside it's getting nippy out here" She said and ushered him into the house. Sirius had barely stepped two feet in the door when he was almost barreled