July 1977 The roar of Sirius's motorbike engine was almost deafening, but it did not compare to the pounding of James Potter's own blood in his ears as they touched back down to solid ground again. They had just had a narrow escape from a group of death eaters and a pair of muggle law enforcement officers. He cringed to think about what his father would have to say when he heard about what happened. Surely the ministry would have to dispatch someone to alter the memories of the two muggles involved? They hadn't had much choice but to levitate that car otherwise those death eaters could have slaughtered all of them. There were dark times ahead, the war had now officially been going for 7 years and Voldemort along with his followers were getting stronger by the day. The wind was pulling the skin on his face tight against his jaw. With gritted teeth he squinted his eyes in an attempt to see what was in front of them. He could barely make out the street signs in the dark as they passed them. "Padfoot! Where are we?!" James yelled from the side car. Sirius pulled the bike over onto the side of the road and cut the engine. "Umm... Some place called Cokeworth... I think. That's what the last sign said. Or at least that's what I think it said; it was pretty faded." Sirius replied and pulled a map from his jacket pocket. "Yeah we're in Cokeworth." "Dad is going to bloody kill the pair of us you realize? That's if mum doesn't get to us first. Why did I let you talk me into this tour around England anyway?" James groan holding his hands over his eyes. "Because I got left with a shit load of gold thanks to uncle Alphard. So I now own my own place, bought a motorbike and this road trip is my way of dealing with my grief. As my friend it is your job to look after me." He replied smartly. It was true James had to admit. Sirius had been a shaken mess at first by the loss of his Uncle Alphard, who was the only member of the Black family to maintain contact with him other than his cousin Andromeda Tonks. But since he'd purchased his own flat in London and the motorbike he seemed to be much better now; or maybe that was all just part of the distraction. Sirius was known for showing few emotions when upset: anger and lust. Perhaps the new financial security and freedom he had been given had helped resolve some of Sirius's pent up feelings of resentment. "We can find somewhere here to stay overnight to let him cool off a bit and go home in the morning, alright?" James sighed and nodded in agreement as Sirius restarted the bike and pulled out. The majority of the streets lights were broken or extremely dim as they traveled further into the town. They passed a disused mill with a tall chimney and there were several streets of identical brick, terraced, houses one after the other. They seemed to have reached the outskirts of the small town when the bright word 'VACANCY' stuck out clearly. Sirius pulled into the car park of the gloomy Railview Hotel. Approaching the office, the hotel seemed just as dilapidated as the rest of what they had seen of the town. They knocked lightly on the door and were greeted by a middle aged woman in a dressing gown and fuzzy slippers. She seemed startled to see two young men standing in her front reception. "Can I help you boys? Lost are we?" She noted the map sticking out of Sirius's pocket. "We certainly hope so. We've been travelling all day and need a place to spend the night. Could we have a room please?" James asked. The woman raised her eye brows in surprise. "We got quite a few truckers in tonight but we have rooms available. All of them have showers but room 17 has a bath. Which do you prefer?" She became suddenly business like, but it was hard to take her seriously in a gown and pink fuzzy slippers. "17 please. How much for the night?" James asked pulling out his wallet thankful he was at least somewhat familiar with muggle currency thanks to Remus Lupin. "£100 for one night, any other nights you stay only £50." The woman offered. Sirius beat James to it, pulled out a £100 note from his pocket and handed it to her. "We'll put down for the night for now thanks. But we will let you know if we plan to stay longer." She handed over the room key and a small carton of milk and pointed in the direction of their room. "Your room's down tha' there corridor. Can't miss it." They collected their belongings from the bike on the way to their room. The decor of the room was quaint, wooden floor on the kitchenette and bathroom and faded red carpet everywhere else that matched the faded drapes. It was clear the place was weathered and could use a little tender love and care. There were two bedrooms; the main one in the same room as the kitchenette which had a queen bed and a tiny crooked bedside table. The smaller bedroom had two single beds pressed against the wall and a mirror. Other than that there wasn't much to it. "You take a single, I've soooo got the queen. I'll get breakfast tomorrow." Sirius yawned laying back spread eagle on it. He didn't even bother to get beneath the covers or take off his clothes and was snoring softly in no time. Too tired to complain or argue with him, James staggered into the smaller room. However, he did bother to remove his shoes and pants before climbing into bed beneath the covers. Despite how hectic the evening had been it seemed that all the adrenaline had finally exhausted itself and sleep overcame him quickly, he was out like a light. James felt drowsy when he was awoken by Sirius shuffling around the next morning. It took a few seconds for his brain to catch up and register where he was and what it was that brought him there. Once he realized he groaned, he was definitely going to have to deal with his dad today. It made him feel sick. He swung open the door to see Sirius with a mug of tea in his hand leaning against the sink "Right Prongs, I asked the old woman downstairs and she reckons there's a nice little bakery down the street. Fancy going there for breakfast?" Sirius called cheerfully. "Sure, I don't really care" James grumbled back at him. How could Sirius to be so chipper with everything that was about to happen. His stomach growled and he had to admit if only to himself that he was in fact hungry. "What are we going to do about my parents? And the ministry?" "Already sorted Prongs old buddy. Your dad owled late last night. You slept through it pretty boy. Turns out our assailants were knocked out cold and their wands shattered on impact with the car, rendering it impossible to see what the last spell was they used. The best part is the muggles were so stunned all they could say was 'flying' by the time the ministry representatives got there they death eaters with brooms and the ministry took it as that and they wiped the muggles memories on the spot. Your dad and the ministry for that matter has no idea about our involvement. He just owled to let us know about the arrest and to keep our heads low with death eaters hanging around the midlands! How brilliant is our luck?!" James felt like he must had swallowed a whole flute of Felix felicis to have had such luck and swallowed the lump that had formed in his throat. The marauders had gotten away with some shenanigans over the years at Hogwarts but nothing like this. He felt lighter than air, the sickening feeling had left him and only hunger remained. "Then what are we waiting for! I'm bloody starving!" He grinned, springing out of bed and changing into a fresh and clean set of clothes. The woman from the hotel hadn't been lying when she had said 'little bakery' because it was tiny. It looked like it could only hold about 5 or six people in one sit in. At a guess that was the most it ever had to cater for in one sit-in. It was mid-morning and James and Sirius were the only ones there, the man behind the counter seemed thrilled by the prospect. He had a big grin on his face and dusted his flour covered hands on his apron. "Welcome lads what can I get ya?" He chirped "My buddy here will have the bacon and egg pie and I'll have 2 sausage rolls, a doughnut and a caramel slice please" Sirius ordered, his mouth watering and his eyes clearly bigger than his stomach. "Pig" James muttered playfully under his breath, Sirius just pulled his tongue out at him in retort. Lily groaned as she leant out of bed and squinted at her alarm clock, 7:15am on a Saturday. School days sure that's just fine, but weekends? No, just no. She did not want to be awake right now. She stretched and almost crawled out of bed and headed for the shower. It was 8 o'clock by the time she was dressed in order to head downstairs for breakfast where her father was already in the kitchen. "Morning Lily. Work today?" He asked putting on the kettle. Lily nodded yawning. "How busy?" "Same as usual, not very. We got a couple of truckies in; I'll be home by 11.30 latest." Lily replied, her voice giving away her worry. "At least it's something love and you get all your afternoons off." "I guess but we could do with the extra money" She replied glumly. Lily honestly didn't know how her dad was going to manage to afford her stuff for Hogwarts that year; it was tough times at the moment when it came to the money side of things. Her mother had passed away a few years previously so it was just the two of them. Especially with Petunia only flicking back and forth from London a couple of times to visit and putting in Jack all when she ate all the food in the house. "Don't worry yourself about money poppet, we'll manage. We always do." Her father said giving her a kiss on the cheek. However, Lily still couldn't help but worry. If her dad got laid off again... they were fucked to put it blunty. She said her good byes and left for work. She was hoping that her boss Mary would be in a relatively pleasant mood, even if it was wishful thinking. She arrived at the hotel a good ten minutes early for her shift, so she collected her uniform from the hook in the linen room and started loading up the linen trolley. "Morning Lily." Mary called as she was bustling about in the laundry. "Morning Mary. Where am I starting?" Lily replied attempting to keep her tone pleasant and hide the almost resentment she felt. "1, 2, 4, 5 and 7 have left. 11, 12, 14 and 17 are services. Two boys off the street last night; don't seem much older than you. Back packers by the look of them. They're in 17, they've paid for another two nights. But I don't think they'll stay that long" "Wow 3 nights in total?!" It was a rare occurrence for anyone to stay two nights unless they were truckers passing through on a long haul, let alone three. "Yup. They didn't have a car or anything just that death trap of a