A/N: Welcome to the first chapter! Here's a plot bunny that has been in my head for a while: what can go horribly wrong with Edward not being able to hear Bella? This is what I came up with. Some things to note, this is a slightly OOC Edward and Bella. All other couples are also cannon. Jacob is a few years older than Bella as well. Renee has had many husbands and Phil is her current one. There will be scenes of sexual violence, and other graphic forms of violence. This is sort of an AU, and yes, the Cullen Clan members are Vampires. I tend to write with a lot of UST and love writing my characters into realistic situations. I love making things go pear-shaped and throwing things into the fan…if you catch my drift. That means that these characters are flawed, just like we are. Even Edward. I hope that you come to appreciate these characters' struggles, their quirks, their human-ness and, most of all, I hope that you enjoy the story and all it has to offer. On another note, I am most definitely not a perfect writer. I do my own editing as soon as I flush out a chapter so I'm sorry — there are going to be mistakes. Also, insert generic disclaimer here: I do not own the characters. But I do control what happens to them (muahaha!) For the first of many times: Much love, -DD CHAPTER 1 EDWARD Death called her number when I first saw her. Smelled her. Tasted her in the air. I had been wrong when I said I could handle it. Intoxicating. I was obsessed. With wanting to know her, with wanting to touch her, smell her…drink her. Out of all the places in the world. Out of all the countries, cities, towns...she had to pick Forks. It had to be here. Incredible. I gazed through the contents of Alice's mind as she wondered about this human's special connection to me. It was obvious she was my singer. Her blood called to me and I would be helpless against her heady siren. That was it. Because of this, I decided to take a long vacation. I stopped my schoolwork and hunted more than I ever had in a single sitting. Since our existence here balanced on my ability to not suck her dry, I took every single precaution I could. As if the universe hadn't already been against us, our kind, she was also in my grade. She was my lab partner in Biology. Her friends sat at the table next to ours. She was put on this earth to test me. I swore it to be true. I wanted nothing more than to bite through the delicate flesh over her jugular and sing praises to the god who created her blood. Then curse him forevermore for having ever created her. At night, I paced the circumference of her house with my brothers by my side to pin me down should I give in to the ferocious ache in my mouth. Not too close. We sat in the surrounding forest and breathed the air she perfumed. Mouth-watering. Simply put, she was mouth-watering. Flanked by my siblings, they helped get my sorry ass away from her window. They forced me to peer into the mind of her father to help me see her humanity. I never allowed myself the pleasure of getting close enough to see into her mind. I couldn't...her thoughts would surely be as addicting as her blood. Her face, her beauty. All of her would sing to me. And I would be sure to leave not a drop of her life blood left if I did. I already knew I would kill myself if I ever killed her. I lay sprawled out on my roof. I looked at the stars at how, in my hundred and nine year existence they had yet to change. After that many years, the stars held no more significance to me than the dirt under my shoes. Just a bunch of now-dead balls of gas lighting up the night sky. Insignificant. The air up there cleared my mind. No, it was the distance from town that did it. There wasn't a mind for miles to listen to, except for my family – which I thoroughly ignored. Despite my attempts, Alice kept calling me to attention. Making me think about who this human would be to me, what she would mean to me. She was crazy if she thought the human and I could ever get along. I hated her cursed existence, and Alice wanted us to be friends? Incredulous. No matter how clear her visions were, the second I came into contact with the girl would be the second I would decide to snap her neck. Imagining her death was easy. I planned it a million times in my head. I would lure her with my beauty and kill her without a second thought. Alice wouldn't see a thing. I growled and rubbed at my face. Maybe it was better for me to leave and then come back when the human was no longer alive. This wasn't the first time I had thought this. And this wasn't the first time Alice saw this and called everyone to the roof to persuade me not to leave. My siblings were dressed in formalwear. I had forgotten that tonight was prom. "Don't let my thoughts take you away from your priming, ladies and gents," I mumbled. Alice's eyes flashed. Beside Jasper, her height was laughable. Beside Jasper, her stare could kill. I shook my head. I already knew what she was going to say. "Edward. You know very well just how horrible it would be if you left. Think of Carlisle and Esme. Think of us! You can get used to her…just…stay Edward. Please ." "For the last time!" I growled. "You guilting me into staying is not solving anything. The longer I put it off, the longer I am a danger to her. You of all people should know this. I do not want to hurt her, Alice." I emphasized each word. "Why the hell is making me suffer through it part of your agenda? Is this another one of your games?" I stood up and faced her, trembling with anger. The rest of them enclosed us in a circle, just in case I ran. Edward. Just go. Emmett's thoughts pleaded. Running away from here is your best option. I should have...it was what I was supposed to do. Go. Go to Brazil or somewhere else equally as far! He was looking away from my direction as to not aggravate Alice even more. He was the only one who outwardly supported me. Not even Carlisle dared support me though he knew it was only a matter of time before something horrific happened. He could not betray Esme. "Edward, please. It will just take some getting used to, that's all," she said with a sad smile. "The longer you stay, the longer you will get used to her. You're stronger than that." "No mother," I whispered. "The longer I stay, the closer to death she becomes. I can't, I can't. I ah—" I hissed and twisted my nose toward town. Toward my prize. Jasper's mind flipped to this afternoon in the cafeteria where she tossed her hair in his direction. I crumbled to my knees and focused on something else. On anything else. Emmett's heavy body slammed into me and carried me into the living room. I was now focused on Jasper's sorrysorrysorrysorry and Carlisle's vision of me looking feral in his mind. Rosalie then did the stupidest thing she could have thought of and then filled her mind with the human's scent, recalling how obtusely wonderful this human girl smelled, even to her. Though subdued by their thoughts, my mouth was pooling with venom. I hacked back a cough and at the same time wrestled with Emmett and Jasper. I bit the both of them and might have even ripped their suits. They thought they had me. I was faster. I pushed the both of them toward the fireplace and they yelped from the close contact. I pummelled into the front door and ran as fast as I could into the night. Shards of glass whipped from my hair and pierced the darkness of the night like missiles. BellaBellaBella. BloodBloodBlood. I was ravenous, and a small part of me knew it. I was so raw and so full of incomprehensible emotions that it felt good to give into my instincts. I scaled trees and waited for her scent to come out from between the pines. I followed the smell of town like a compass and traversed many kilometres in a few moments time. EDWARD! Just then, Emmett's mind barrelled through my own thoughts, but just barely. RUN! RUN! I'll tell them you ran. I swear I will. GO! I had half a mind to run to her house, but with the wind blowing her scent away and Emmett's thoughts filling my mind, I was able to think clearer. Emmett was holding Jasper and Carlisle back and Alice was busy envisioning all the millions of decisions I was making. And so I held my breath and ran to the garage. My decision was made and no amount of guilt could stop me now. Emmett was pleading my case when I arrived there. Alice was busy dodging Rosalie's defensive crouch before my car. She planned to dismantle the engine so I couldn't drive. Like Carlisle, Rosalie would not desert her mate. She knew how much pain Emmett went through and how much pain he still was in because he killed his singer without a single spec of his humanity. She would never know just how much I understood him. My teeth clenched. "Carlisle, I am not asking you for permission. I am leaving." "Edward, think of this as a learning experience. You can get better," he spoke from knowledge. "Exposure makes it a lot easier." "You're putting this girl's life in danger, Carlisle. I can't even say her name without venom coating my teeth." I spat on the ground to prove my point and the silky fluid pooled. It swirled under the luminescent light. I stalked towards him. "You think I can just turn of my instincts?!" Alice squeezed into the tiny space between us. "Edward, I've seen it. You can do it, just believe in yourself!" I nearly burst out in laughter, I was absolutely at my wit's end and she wanted me to rely on faith? I peered down at her and wondered how far she could fly if I tossed her, but she deftly moved out of my reach. "You and I both know that's a bunch of bullshit." I tugged on my hair as I pulled my head level with my navel. "Why don't you believe me? I said I don't have the strength to resist. Please don't make me prove it again, and again, and again. It's absolutely torture," I said on the verge of insanity. As I spoke, everyone's minds commanded my attention. Loud, boisterous thoughts invaded my own train of thought filling me with illegitimate hope. Emmett spoke over Alice who spoke over Rosalie who spoke over Esme who spoke with Carlisle who sided with Alice... I growled my frustration. "ENOUGH! ALL OF YOU! ENOUGH!" In all of my existence, I had never yelled so loudly. It rivalled the screams of my transformation. The lights even flickered. If vampires could pall, this is what it would look like. They were silenced by the desperation and sheer anguish in my voice. I fell to my knees out of exhaustion. This was an argument going on for months now. Their minds were silent. Waiting. I didn't need to look up to see their shocked expressions. Esme was sobbing silently, she hated when we fought. "I will leave when