Disclaimer: I make no profit from the use of any of Tolkien's characters nor do I own any of them. Chapter 1 Riah woke up with a horrible pain between her eyes. As she sat up and adjusted she began to look around her. She did not recognize where she was. Riah was lying in the middle of a grassy plain. To the west she saw that a thick tree line began, to the east ran a chain of mountains. Wanting to know how she had gotten to this unfamiliar, yet beautiful place, Riah tried to recall what she had been doing before she woke up here. She remembered books, lot of books. Yes she has been in her grandfather's old library which boasted at least ten thousand books. As a child she had loved to explore the shelves and find the treasures that the literature held. But now she was twenty-one and her grandfather had just passed away. In his will he had given all of his books to Riah. That was why she was in his library; she was looking for something in particular. At the reading of the will, Riah was given a sealed envelope from her grandfather. She had gone outside to open it and had discovered a message from him. She was to go to her newly bestowed library and find a particular book, for in it was something that she needed to discover. Riah's grandfather made this thing sound very important, like it was vital that Riah knew what this book had to offer. So Riah had gone to her grandfather's library and dreaded stepping through the door. When she did a flood of memories came rushing upon her. All of the good times that she had spent with her grandfather. All of the life lessons that he had taught her, how he had tried to show her the joy that he saw in life, but that she could never quite understand. Riah began to walk the aisles trying to find the book her grandfather was talking about in his letter; after a while she realized that this book was not upon any of the shelves. Trying to read the letter more carefully, Riah noticed something from the corner of her eyes. There was a small light coming out of a crack in the floor. It was brief, but Riah knew that she had really seen it and that it was not merely some figment of her imagination. She knelt down onto the floor, stuck her fingernails into the crack and pulled up. The board came out of the foundation easily and Riah set it aside. She reached her hand into the crevice and pulled out a crimson colored journal. It was well worn like it had been used frequently. Riah wiped a layer of dust off of the cover and saw that there was a single word etched in silver on it. Riah could not make out the word; it was in none of the languages that she knew. Riah stood up and walked to her grandfather's favorite chair where she sat down. She pulled on the ties that bound the journal and they gave way freely. Slowly Riah opened what she could only guess was her grandfather's journal. Her suspicions were confirmed when she saw the familiar scrawl that was her grandfather's trademark. She began to look through the journal and discovered that she could not read what her grandfather had written; it looked as if it was in the same language as the word on the cover was written. "Come on you old sneak, what lesson are you trying to teach me from this?" Riah asked aloud. Suddenly the air began to chill and a gust of wind came out of nowhere and blew a stack of papers to the ground. Riah stood not knowing what was going on. She tried to make her way to the door but it was sealed shut. She grabbed her grandfather's journal and tried to find a place to get away from the awful wind. While making her was across the room she could have sworn that the silver letters on the front of the journal began to glow, as she stopped to look at them a huge book was blown from its shelf and came straight for Riah, she tried to get out of the way but was too late. The book hit her in the back of the head and she fell to the floor unconscious. The next thing she knew she had woken up in this amazing place. She didn't think a place this wonderful had existed on earth. But here she was being proven wrong. Riah stood up and realized that she still had her grandfather's journal in her hands. Riah thought about what her grandfather would do in this situation, she definitely knew that he wouldn't panic and he would try to find somebody to tell him where he was so he could make his way home in peace. Riah didn't think that many people would be traipsing around the snow capped mountains so she decided to go east to the woods, maybe she could find someone there. As Riah walked she began to think about her grandfather and the last thing that he had told her before he died. He told her to never put up barriers between herself and others, to always be willing to accept the assistance of another and that one day you will be able to repay them. During her life Riah had always been very headstrong and independent. It was not like her to rely on other people or ask for their help. Her grandfather saw this as something that might push people away. He warned her that if she was not careful she would live her life alone without people to share it with. He had told Riah that she could be independent without insulting people or pushing them away. Riah knew that she would have to rely on others at least a little to tell her the way home. As Riah neared the forest a funny feeling came over her. She felt as though she was being watched, yet when she looked around the floor of the forest and into the trees she could not see anyone. As she entered the forest she tucked the journal into the folds of her long jacket, she didn't want to be caught off guard and drop it. She continued to walk further into woods until something told her to stop. She looked ahead to the path and could see nothing, she then turned around to look at where she had come from; she was not being followed. Riah could not figure out what this feeling was. As she turned back around she came face to face with a man. This startled her but she did not jump or flinch. She simply looked up at him. He was tall, with broad shoulders and long golden hair that was pulled back into delicate braids. He was wearing something that resembled a tunic but was meant for someone of high standing. He was dressed as if ready for travel and confrontation. He looked like no man that Riah had ever known; she had also never known a man or woman to wear the style of clothing that he wore. He had been silent while Riah studied him; it was if he expected her to say something. Seeing that she was not he addressed her, "What is your purpose in these woods?" Coming back to reality Riah answered him, "I'm a little lost, and I was just trying to find someone so I could find out where I was." "Lost? One does not simply walk into these woods without suffering the consequences." The man said while looking straight into Riah's eyes. His gaze was powerful but Riah soon began to realize that there were people in the trees, and that they were all aiming arrows at her, ready to shoot. "What is this?" Riah asked the man. "These woods are forbidden, people of your kind are not allowed past its border." The man answered. "What do you mean by my kind? We are the same kind." Riah answered him. The man suppressed an arrogant laugh, "You and I are the same kind? That is nothing but a dream of your kind." "If you could just tell me where I am, I would greatly appreciate it. I only want to find my way home." "You would not be able to understand our language, saying the sacred name of our home would be wasted on you." The man answered as he began to turn away from Riah. "Could you at least tell me if I'm still in the United States? Or maybe Europe?" Riah asked. At this the man stopped and turned around with a puzzled look on his face. "What are these places you speak of; they have never been said in this land." "Look obviously we belong to different parts of the world and I have not given you and your friends a good first impression. I apologize for trespassing into your land. Could we start over, without the arrows ready to shoot me?" Riah asked as she stepped closer to the man. She could hear the archers tighten their strings and ready to fire on her. But then the man raised his hand at them and they brought their arrows down. "We will talk, but we will go to the edge of the forest. The trees do not like having strangers in their midst." The man said as he began to walk quickly towards the edge of the forest. "Whatever you say." Riah said as she hurried after him. "What is it that you want with our land?" The man asked as soon as they had reached the tree line. "Wait, can I at least know your name?" Riah asked. "Very well, my name is Haldir. I am a protector of my people; I watch the borders to guarantee that no intruders enter our land." "Well Haldir, it is nice to meet you. I am Riah Dascal, I am a historic language specialist; I also study historic fighting techniques." "A woman does not study such things, it is not proper." "Many women where I come from would disagree with you, and who are you to say what women should and shouldn't do?" Riah said defensively. "You're extremely outspoken, perhaps you will learn to think about the repercussions of what you say before you speak. You have wasted enough of my time, do not enter the forest again unless you wish to be full of arrows," Haldir said as he turned and began to walk back to his men. "Wait, Haldir. Please, hear me out." Riah pleaded. Haldir stopped but did not turn around. "What are you going to do, leave me out here alone?" Riah asked trying to get at his conscience. "Yes, that was the idea." Haldir answered turning around to face her. "Do you treat all of your visitors with this same hospitality?" "Most know not to come near the forest." "And what of those who don't?" "Try to enter our forest again and you will find your answer, though I do not believe that you would enjoy it much." Haldir said with a smirk and he turned for the last time and made his way to the forest. At this Riah gave up, for the time being, she would have to come up with a better game plan to get this man to cooperate with her. The sun had fallen while the two had been talking so Riah decided to get some sleep and start again tomorrow. She found a small boulder not far from the forest and sat down to lean against it. It was then she remembered that she had her grandfather's journal; Riah pulled it out of her jacket and ran her