Even through it is 5 o'clock in the morning and my beautiful baby girl is bawling her tiny head off in the crudely carved cot at the end of my bed, I can still tell that it's the morning of the Reaping. Sabrina, my younger sister by four years, tosses restlessly in her nest made up of blankets in the corner nearest the door and my old teddy bear 'Mr Snugglepuff' is being held in a choke-hold by skinny tanned arms. Normally Brina is the most peaceful sleeper on the planet so if she has 'Mr Snugglepuff' in a choke-hold, something is most definitely wrong and I know what that wrong is. Only one day brings out this change in her: Reaping Day. Then there was my Don, who usually had a relaxed hold on me while we slept but now it was cage-like, trapping me next to him and making it impossible to go to Anna whose cries were getting steadily louder. The neighbours are going to come barging round any minute now – or at least the ones who had the luxury of sleeping in this late – if I can't get Anna to be quiet and I am not in the mood to deal with those idiots this early in the morning, especially not on Reaping Day. "Don," Rolling over so that we're face-to- face I whisper in his ear, stroking the hair out of his eyes. This is the best way to wake him up without him cursing the house down. "Don you need to let go of me." "No," He groans groggily, automatically drawing me closer to him. "They can't have you." Yes, it's most definitely Reaping Day. Not that Don would ever let me be stolen by another man but he knows that I could never in a million years leave him. The "they" he's referring to are the insane citizens of the Capitol and their barbaric Hunger Games. "No one's taking me anywhere Don but our baby needs me." And she does. Her bawls are getting louder and sending me on edge. What if she's ill? There could be only seconds between life and death and oh my god, my baby might be dying. Panic sets in. What's wrong with her? "Anna?" His eyelids flutter signalling that he's awake now and can hear our baby's cries. Finally. "Yes, Anna. Let me go to her." Kissing his forehead to persuade him to do my bidding, I wriggle around a bit for emphasis. I want to escape. I need to get to Anna now. His arm retracts from around my waist, a small grunt from him signalling that he's not happy about it but I don't care. My baby needs me. Springing out of bed, I whisk Anna out of her cot and into my arms. Instantly she stops crying and I sigh with relief. Her sea green eyes – the exact same shade as her father's – lock onto mine and she visibly relaxes. Whenever she does this it makes me feel very special because I'm the only person she ever stops crying for straight away but then again, I'm her mother and that is how it should be. She's wrapped up in an old fraying green towel because of how cold it was last night. We couldn't find enough blankets to go around all of us so we gave most of them to Brina and wrapped my precious baby up in some old towels which had hopefully been as warm as if she was wrapped in blankets. "Did someone have a bad dream?" I coo, planting her on my hip and picking out her yellow flannel fish from the cot. "Did the big sea monsters knock over Mr Fish?" As Anna snatches her fish from me, I jump to reposition her and take her into the kitchen. Don might not go back to sleep but Brina's still out like a light and I'd rather it stay that way. Impulsively, I look over at the bed where my parents should be. Even though they've already gone out to work I can't help but think that they're there, still sleeping or whispering to each other. They aren't there though, just like I knew they wouldn't be but their absence reminds me that I have work this morning and so does Don. When I learnt that we had to work, even on Reaping Day, I was so shocked but then again, I should have expected it. Why would the Capitol want to waste precious time and labour? It brought them no benefit so they obviously wouldn't do it, the scumbags. Smiling down at Anna, she nuzzles up against me and I allow myself to gently stroke her chocolate brown curls. It's time to make her a bottle so I do just that. It's a simple task that doesn't require thinking too much about the process so I let my mind wander. It turns to the dark place of realization that in eleven years it's going to be Anna in my place, not quite so literally but on this day she'll be getting ready for her first Reaping. What an idiot I am for having a baby, at sixteen too. I've produced another child ready for the Capitol's taking in their evil games. What have I done? But Anna is by no means a mistake or an accident, she is absolutely wonderful and I love every second I spend with her so despite the fact that she was unplanned, she will never be called that. Ever . Not if the person calling her that wants to live. "How long until your shift?" I hear Don enter the room and I turn to look at him. He's framed in the bedroom doorway in nothing but boxers and I smirk at him, my previous dark thoughts temporarily forgotten. I swear if it were legal Don wouldn't wear any clothes at all. How he manages to get by wearing the bare minimum without freezing his balls off elude me but it doesn't matter really. I love him, with clothes or without. "I have to be there in about an hour. What about you?" Wrapping a towel around my hand, I pluck Anna's bottle out of the warming pot over the fire and hand it to her. Wordlessly Don hugs me and I know that while we're both trying to keep calm we're actually petrified. It's Don's last Reaping, my second to last and if one or even both of us get picked… I don't even want to entertain the thought but Anna is our life. Members of our family have died so that we could keep her and stay together. We can't be picked. We just can't. "Hour and a half. Do you want me to take her so you can eat?" Don's smooth lips move against my forehead as he speaks. "I'm not hungry." My stomach growls, betraying me but I don't feel hungry. It suddenly strikes me that I didn't eat last year and look what happened… "Baby, please." Don begs me in a low voice. Is he thinking the same thing? That not eating will jinx my chances? "No, I'm fine. Besides, it can't happen twice in a row anyway." I force a smile for him, pretending to believe my own lie but I don't, not even for a moment but from the look of it Don does. "Of course it can't," He says reassuringly, kissing my forehead but who is he reassuring: himself or me? Time isn't my side this morning and before I know it I have to leave for work. Outside the sun is shining in an irritatingly cheerful manner that doesn't reflect the mood of the district whatsoever. Peacekeepers infect this part of the district, patrolling the streets to make sure everyone is doing what they should be. It's not hard to guess why there are more of them than usual. They're here to make sure those of us invited to the Reaping go there while the rest of us are forced into work. Making my way down to the coastline, I keep my head bowed and avoid eye contact with others, just like everyone else is doing. It's very quiet despite the great number of people walking in each and every direction. They're all thinking the same thing, I can tell. They're wondering who's going to be picked as our districts tributes. Will it be someone they know? Will we actually get a champion this year? I don't want to think about it so I quicken my pace, keeping my head low and my ears shut. I wish I could shrug off all the looks I keep getting though. Just glances from people who probably remember me from last year's Reaping. Boy, wasn't that an event and a half… No, I am not letting my mind go there. I need to focus on getting to work. The sooner I get there the sooner I can return to my loved ones. About twenty metres back from the coast is a small shack made out of rotting wood that was painted a cheery blue about ten years ago. Needless to say it's falling apart but they don't care. The roof is still propped up so we can use it. There are huge holes in the walls though and no glass in the windows so when there's a particularly icy wind coming off of the sea, we all freeze due to our district wear. Young females have to wear short, ruffled blue skirts that come about half of the way down our thighs over a swimsuit in the same colour. We also have black coats that come down to our knees and stop at our elbows. My coat hangs off my shoulders as it's a bit big. All citizens have the same sturdy black rubber boots and I tend to wear long black socks with mine in an attempt to protect my legs from the cold. All weavers tend to wear fingerless black gloves made of cloth (mine are the same blue as my skirt and swimsuit) to stop our hands from being damaged by rope burns and we're allowed to wear a little jewellery, mainly wedding rings but I wear a little seashell on a thin string that Don got me when we found out I was pregnant with Anna. It's absolutely beautiful, even if the bottom is slightly chipped. I rarely take it off. When I walk in the door the clock tells me I'm five minutes early, not that it matters really. I need to work. There's a pile of orange plastic buckets with weaving materials next to the door. I grab one and sit as close to the door as possible without being tripped on by my co-workers. Four Peacekeepers and the Master Weaver watch over us, patrolling between the gaps separating each person from the next, making sure we're doing our job properly four the next four and a half hours. The work is mind-numbingly dull, especially for the amount of time we have to spend on it. Being as worried as I am, my hands are moving quickly and time is going oh so slowly. I've doubled my quota (all of the nets in perfect condition) in the time so far and I'm still going. I need to focus on something to keep my fear at bay and this is it. This is my escape. Weaving shall be my salvation. Master Weaver Adele seems to be very impressed with all of my work when she comes to inspect it. The clock reads that I still have half an hour left to walk but after a quick and quiet conversation with our supervising Peacekeepers she beams over at me and tells me I can leave early. I can't quite understand… no one ever gets to leave early but I do. Wow, that's a first but I want to get home