/All rights belong to J.K Rowling. I do not own any of the characters. / Many of you had been asking for me to continue this story and I honestly had no clue on how I would. I spoke to writerspassion18 where she help point me toward in writing a second part. Please give her a hand of applause, as she gave me the extra push to continue, including those who reviewed the story, too. So thank you all. I hope you enjoy the story, took quite a while for me to write out as my schedule was busy with the summer, family, friends, and school. One last note there are different point of views from the characters. I also want to thank beta reader E B as she had been a great person to work. Please check out her stories online with ao3 as she has wonderful stories written. While your checking out E B's work on ao3 do the same with writerspassion18. I want to thank geekmom13 and everyone on the Writer's Nook too. I apologize for those who I didn't put their names in too. Thank you everyone. Draco Malfoy looked around the debris - he could smell his mate in the distance. He knew she was saf. As much as he wanted to go to her, he could not. Seeing her hands tucked with another, he pushed down the acid at the bottom of his stomach. He could feel her emotions were content, even though there was an unsettling feeling as well. His mother caressed his face, and he knew she was happy their family was together. Tears tracked down her face as she stared at him. He knew she was worried about him. Lucius stood by the side and watched his wife hugged their son. When she was finished she stepped aside and turned to her husband, who walked up to her where they hugged each other. Narcissa opened her arms and Lucius stepped in. At the back of Draco's mind, he knew this day was the last time they would be together as a family. When the Aurors came, they willingly gave their wands to them and put their wrists out to be taken to Azkaban. As he was leaving, he took one glance around his surroundings, and by chance he saw someone who looked almost familiar. She reminded him of his Aunt Bellatrix, but he didn't recognize the person as she hugged a woman with purple hair. The guard who came to the cell door of prisoner 55682 banged his baton on the bars. He heard a shuffle as he stuck the key in the hole to open a small slot in the middle of the door. He waited for the prisoner to stick his wrists out in the opened space. Once he saw the wrist, the guard waved his wand around them, waited for the prisoner to move forward, then opened the door and added the rest of his restraints. He then grabbed the prisoner by the elbow to lead him out of the cell. The man's hair had grown quite long in the past month - it reached his shoulders now. It had obviously not been washed, as it was oily and grimy. He had also started to grow a beard with a mustache that needed a trim. He no longer looked like an aristocrat, but now seemed like a homeless man who'd been walking the streets for a month. The guard stopped at a door where they waited to be let through. With a click, the door opened, and they continued on their trek. Wherever they walked, the guard's boots thudded against the floor. They finally reached a door, and the guard knocked. It opened to an Auror sitting behind a desk. No word was said between the three as papers shuffled between the guard and Auror. When it was completed, the prisoner felt his wrists be released, but he left them at his sides. The Auror attached pair of shackles to the prisoner's feet, then hooked on an iron ball and chain - the ball was about the size of a Bludger, but weighed nearly twenty pounds. The prisoner stayed silent. He didn't care that they had taken drastic measures to chain him up. The last thing that was placed on the prisoner was a mouth piece. It wrapped around his head to ensure his mouth stayed completely covered. Once they were sure he was secure, the prison guard and Auror shook hands before the Auror took him away. In the mind of the prisoner, he didn't care how he was chained, as knew this was what he deserved. It was, however, challenging to walk as he was only able to take baby steps to move. But even with the difficulty to walk, he felt like everything went by so fast that it took a while for him to understand where he was. He heard a creaking noise, then felt a hand on his shoulder to be pushed forward, then turned. The creaking sounded again and he wondered what was happening, but realized - this could be his execution, his last moments as a living soul. In a flash, a light shone down so brightly on him that he had trouble seeing around him. He heard a hammer being pounded somewhere behind him. It echoed all around him, his heart beating against his chest quite fast. He felt his chest puff up as full as it could - he could smell his mate nearby. Her vanilla scent enriched his nostrils and he felt himself calm down. He could sense she was nervous and antsy for what was to come. "Prisoner 55682 is here today on trial for his crimes in the Second War years of 1995-1998. Draco Lucius Malfoy, what do you plead?" "Guilty." Draco didn't know why he pleaded guilty, except that he felt he should since he was the one who brought the Dark Wizards to Hogwarts. He stared down at the floor with nothing else to say to anyone. He could hear whispers spread across the courtroom, but didn't expect the knocking sound across the room. "Order! Order!" Draco lied down on the floor of his cell, choosing to ignore the thin mattress on the bed. At the corner of the room was a hole in the floor where he believed was the toilet. As he examined his cell for the billionth time since being sentenced to it, he pondered his trial. After he'd pleaded guilty, there were a few people who were called up as a witness. He barely heard a single thing that was said, until he heard his mate speak. She spoke not so highly of him, of the mistakes he had made. She told the court of how he had taunted her friends and herself, of his bullying. He knew he was done for, but then the tone of her voice had changed. He could hear the pity, and hated that he knew he didn't deserve her at all. After she had spoken, a few others spoke in his favor as well, even though he didn't know who they were. But in the end, it had saved his behind from going to Azkaban for a life sentence. He had to do a few hours of community service helping at an orphanage, with limited use of his wand. He also had the choice of returning to Hogwarts for his final year, or taking the final exit exams immediately. He wasn't to have any contact with anyone, including his mother, until his hours were up. Finally, he was placed on house arrest for one to two years, depending on his behavior. Several days went by before he was finally released from his cell. He was met by Minister Shacklebolt, and a pair of Aurors. Draco had decided it was best to ignore everyone, hoping it would help the process to go faster and smoother. No one spoke at all as he was buckled up in the same shackles as before. He was about to step forward when an unknown Auror stepped in front of him and pulled him towards her. He was quite peeved at being manhandled by this Auror, but he bit his tongue to keep from lashing out. She stared into his eyes for a few minutes, until the minister tapped her shoulder. She stepped back instantly and slapped Draco in the cheek. His head whiplashed to the side. She still didn't say a word, but when Draco turned to say something he was pulled again to the Auror, who embraced him in a hug. A couple of months later, Draco felt the pain in his chest, noticing simultaneously that it was already Yule. He knew he had to find his mate soon, as he had less than a year to claim her. However, while he already knew who his mate was, trying to get to her was near impossible. Her heart belonged to another. He knew he could claim her without anyone objecting him, that was his right in the Wizarding world. But he decided to do the right thing for the first time in his life. No more being a spoiled brat or being a Malfoy, he would be noble and let his mate be with the one she chose. Another few months had passed when that same Auror came to check on him. He asked if there was any way that his mother and his family lawyer could come to see him, but after several weeks, gave up hope that his request would be granted. Draco counted down the days when he knew he didn't have much time left. When the purple haired Auror came again, she told him that his wish was finally granted. "Dragon, my sweet dragon, are you alright?" Narcissa Malfoy kissed her son's cheek and smothered him in a hug. She cried softly as she held him - she could feel he was now all skin and bones. In the back of her mind she knew she needed to speak to the Minister and her husband as soon as possible. She hadn't seen her son for almost three years, hadn't even gotten an answer to her letters. Of course, Narcissa didn't know that all the letters that she sent to Draco were never received, or that he'd written her letters she'd never seen. Draco knew all of this as it was in his sentencing, but hadn't been able to help writing her anyway. When his mother had finally settled down, she sat in her chair stiff as a board. He knew she was acting like any typical pureblood wife and mother would be. Draco took a sip of his tea to calm his nerves to get through what he needed to say. "Before we begin, I want to tell you, Mr. Whiskers, that I am part veela and I know who my mate is. But I am not going to claim her, as she deserves to choose the person she is with, and she has. There is no changing my mind in this. Mother, I know I will be receiving the family fortune of both the Blacks and the Malfoys along with the Malfoy business. I would like to give all of that to my mate - I want to know she and her children will always be taken care of, no matter what. But I also have other requests…" Draco laid in bed. He knew it was almost his time. His mother was asleep in the chair next to him. His face was all sunken in, his skin looked like it was about to fall off of him. He stared up at the ceiling - he couldn't believe he was going to give up and not fight for her. But the truth was she was never going to choose him over that orange orangutan. Hermione is in love with the Weasley; he had no