I feel I should warn you that this is about the dumbest thing I have ever written. Seriously, it's pathetic. Blame the plot bunny, it demanded humor in blood so I had to comply. Dedication: For Don, who is currently serving as a medic in Kirkuk, Iraq and the best cook I know. Warnings: Messy. Very very messy, and dirty and very dumb things one after another. It's sad, really. You have been warned! I mean no disrespect for anyone or anything portrayed in this story, namely Aragorn's ring Barahir or Arwen in general. It's just random, really, really random. Randomisity is really dangerous in the hands of a very random person like yours truly! I'm not trying to scare anyone away from the culinary arts, but most of these events have actually happened to me and the rest come from mine, my sister's, and her friends' warped imaginations. Please attempt to enjoy and don't take too much pleasure in deleting this later LOL. Thanks! Hopefully, if anything, this'll give you a good laugh. Ada's Special Green Cake Weary, Lord Elrond of Rivendell walked down the halls toward his own room. The past few days' events had been tiring, and more than anything he wanted to get off his feet for a while and take some time to think. Aragorn had returned home and that news alone made his heart swell with joy. It had been years since Estel had stayed under the roof of Imladris and to have him here in these dark days helped greatly. But what Aragorn had brought home with him was not unseen but expected and even encouraging if dire. Four hobbits. Who would have thought Aragorn would travel with such beings? Elrond sat down at his large desk and pulled out a book well worn from a drawer and into his lap. One of the hobbits had been gravely injured and already carrying a great burden. Elrond himself and Mithrandir had spent the past few days struggling to heal the dreadful blow young Frodo had taken from a Nazgul, but the danger was past now and the hobbit resting comfortably. Flipping through the worn pages of the old journal, Elrond suddenly turned to a particular event that took place nearly sixty years before. Smiling at the memory, recalling it just like it had happened yesterday, Elrond lost himself in his writing. Arwen had come home for a visit just days before while the twins were on a hunting trip, and Aragorn had reunited with Legolas just that day. All was peaceful and calm, nothing bad had happened since Aragorn himself had returned from training with the Rangers. It was the perfect atmosphere, to good to last long, a sure-fire way to welcome mischef to knock on the door . . . Flashback 60 years, Imladris Arwen wandered the halls aimlessly. She had arrived to Rivendell to visit her father and twin brothers a while before, but currently nothing was happening. Prince Legolas of Mirkwood had arrived that day to visit his old human friend. Reunited, the two buddies had spent the evening catching up, and now were like Arwen waiting for something to do. Arwen began to search them both out, finding them in Lord Elrond's study. Legolas was reading in a large armchair, and Aragorn was next to him in another chair, sound asleep. "Hello Legolas." Arwen quietly greeted the elf prince. Legolas shut his book and turned to her. "Hello Arwen." Arwen walked up the man next to him and knelt, placing one hand on his arm. "How long has he been asleep?" Legolas laughed. "A while now. You could say he was incredibly interested in what I had to tell him." "Well, come on." Arwen said. "Let's wake him up. I'm bored, and I know you both are too. I think I know what we can do until Ada comes back." Elrond had left that day with a few others to gather herbs and was expected to return soon. "What's that?" asked Legolas, suddenly wary. If Arwen heard the hesitance in his voice she ignored it, and softly shook the ranger awake. "Estel! Estel, wake up!" Aragorn's eyes were immediately open, and he grinned as he recognized Arwen's face and voice. "Mmm, hey Arwen." "Aragorn, since I know you aren't really doing anything" she smiled as Legolas snorted away a laugh. "Do you want to come help me bake something for Ada?" Aragorn sat up in his chair and yawned slightly. "Bake what?" "Oh, I don't know, I was thinking a cake." "A cake?" Aragorn shot Legolas a look, and the prince only shrugged. "You want me to help you cook?" Legolas was grinning again, and Arwen nodded her head. "Yes." "Uhh, Arwen? I don't think you want me to help you make a cake. I'm not really very good at cooking anything except, well, meat…" Legolas was trying hard not to laugh, and Arwen only shook her head at him. "Come on, Aragorn, you can't be that bad…" "You want to bet on that?" "No." Legolas was chuckling in his hands behind Arwen, and Aragorn was smiling rather widely at his friend. Arwen saw the exchange and turned to face Legolas. "What's so funny?" Legolas managed to regain control, but with a large smile on his face said, "I think you'd better believe him. He doesn't do too well in those kitchens. I'm sure Elladan and Elrohir could give you some great stories. I know a few of them myself." Aragorn suddenly shot the elf a warning look, but it only increased the amused look on Legolas' face. "For instance, there was this one time when Aragorn was about seven, and Elrohir was poisoned and confined to bed. So Estel" "Legolas" "decided that Elrohir needed something special to help him sleep" "Legolas!" "So he mixed" "Legolas!" Legolas stopped and turned innocent eyes on the ranger who looked almost panicked. "Let's leave that past-time were it belongs." Legolas shook his head, smiling deeply, and settled with, "I'll just say Elrohir didn't get the desired sleep Estel intended to give him. Spent what, the next week unable to sleep at all ?" Aragorn groaned. "I knew I was in trouble when Elladan told you that story!" Arwen smiled slightly at the banter, and once again turned to Aragorn with her usual look of grace and eyes flickering with excitement. "Come on Aragorn, Legolas and I will help you." "Wait a second," Legolas turned to face her entirely, shock on his face. "You want me to help too?" "Why not? You've got something better to do?" "Well, I" "I didn't think so. Come on, let's go. Ada's bound to be worn out, and he loves it when the cooks make cake, and that's not often anymore, I'm told." Arwen pulled Aragorn out of his chair and gave Legolas a sharp you-get-out-of-that-chair-before-I-make-you glare. The prince didn't hesitate to follow. "Ok, fine, but under one condition." Arwen turned and looked at him. "What's that?" "The cake has to be green." In the kitchens Arwen pulled out three aprons and tossed one to each of her companions. "Here, you're going to need these." "Why?" both Aragorn and Legolas held their aprons and started at them like they were completely foreign to them. Arwen put hers on and looked up to find them both staring at her. "Trust me; you're going to want them later if not now." "That's nice, but I don't think I need one." Legolas tried to put the apron away, but Arwen stopped him. "No, Legolas put it on. That's a really nice tunic!" "No Arwen! I don't need one. I'm too graceful. I'll be fine." Arwen rolled her eyes. "Right." "I'll have to agree with Legolas, Arwen. I think we'll be fine." Aragorn tried to put his away too, but Arwen blocked him. "Ok, what's your excuse?" "These are so girly!" Arwen glared fiercely at him. "What!" "Oh, uh…" Aragorn looked pleadingly at Legolas, who gave him a stunned look. "Legolas? A little help please?" "I-I don't… that is…" Legolas looked like he wanted to crawl away. But suddenly Aragorn got an idea. "You know what? We'll wear them." As if to prove his point, he hastily slipped the apron over his head and tied it in place. Legolas did the same. Arwen was still glaring at them. "Good." She glowered at them for a moment before turning away and pulling out ingredients and mixing bowls. "Hey you two, can you get out the flour and the eggs?" Aragorn headed for the cupboards with Legolas right behind him. Reaching inside he searched for the flour bags while Legolas got the eggs. After searching for the bag for a few minutes, he looked at Arwen. "Where is the flour?" Arwen pulled out a large mixing bowl and several spoons. "In the middle, on the right, I think." Right where Arwen said it was, Aragorn found sugar, flour, and baking power. He looked at them carefully for a moment, having no idea which one was flour, and finally grabbed the one on the left of the three. "Did you get it?" Arwen asked as he walked up next to her and set the bag on the counter. "Uh… yup, I did." Legolas walked up and gently set down an armload of eggs. "Legolas, you know you could have just brought the whole container. It would have been easier." Legolas just shrugged. After they had gotten all the ingredients mixed together Arwen gave Aragorn a spoon. "Mix everything together until it's all the same color, ok?" she turned to Legolas. "Come with me. I'm going to need your help getting the ovens going." As she passed the counter that was groaning under all the weight of the cake contents, she stopped as she passed the bag Aragorn had called the flour, looking at it more carefully. "Aragorn," she said, pointing to the bag. "Are you sure this is flour?" "Um, I think so." Aragorn stopped stirring and stared rather nervously at her and the bag. Arwen opened the neck and looked inside; about an instant later she looked up at him fiercely. "Aragorn! This is baking power!" "It is?" "Oh my…" Arwen walked firmly back to him and took the bowl away. "I'm going to go throw this out. Please, get the right bag this time!" She left the room. Legolas turned around and headed for the cupboard so Aragorn wouldn't see him trying not to laugh. He had warned Arwen. He helped Aragorn find the right bag this time, but the moment Aragorn picked it up the bottom ripped open and flour blew out in every direction, covering the two friends in seconds before they could even react. Both of them didn't move for a moment, slight shock settling in. When Legolas turned to look at Aragorn, the human was looking at him with a completely straight face that lasted about three seconds. As for himself Aragorn was only lightly hit, the front of his tunic and hair stained white now, but Legolas was covered. The ranger burst into laughter. Legolas knelt down and gathered large handfuls of flour, smiling as he quickly dumped it all on Aragorn's head. And so began the intense flour fight. By the time Arwen got back the kitchen was full of flying flour and ensuing laughter as both the elf and ranger threw handfuls of flour at his opponent and ducking as fast as possible behind a table before the return blow could fall. "Guys!" Laughing ceased, the flour settled, and both friends rose slowly from their hiding places, looking at Arwen sheepishly. Arwen wanted to be angry at them, but one sight of the two white beings in front of her she burst out laughing. "How-how old are y-you?" she choked out at them. Aragorn smiled impishly at Legolas. "I'm younger than he is and he started it!" He was rewarded with another handful of flour right