Title: To Let Go Chapter 1 Where We Belong Author: Aldalas Rating: T+ or PG-13 (for attempted suicide) Beta: None, so probably loads of mistakes. I tried! I really did! Summary: After your heart is betrayed and nights of pain come, what do you hold onto? Timeframe: Not long after Legolas and Aragorn met and become friends. Aragorn is in his late teens, early twenties – go figure Legolas off of that. How they met is not clear in this story and won't ever be; that's not why I wrote this. Just let your imagination create its own meeting and go from there. Thank you! Warnings: Lot of angst and a bunch of fluffiness. Blame it on the mood I've been in. ;P And as a side note, when I use the word "love" or something similar between two males, I mean it the way Tolkien meant it – platonically. Feedback: C'mon people, I thrive off feedback, I love knowing what you think! Disclaimer: I own nothing of Tolkien's. I do however, own my own LOTR books. ((grin)) I also am trying my hand at poetry, which probably sucks anyway, but the lines at the beginning and the very end are mine! A/N: This was written in light of a conversation that I had with a very good friend, who suffers from leukemia and a neglecting family. Much of the dialogue at the end is inspired by her and this story is my gift to her, just to say that I believe I understand what she told me and no matter what, I'm by her side. So... Dedication: For Jodi A/N/N: While I was writing this, I was listening to "May It Be" by Enya. So if you enjoy listening to music while you read as I do, listen to that and put it on repeat. Helped me get through this! So please, enjoy! A/F/N: Don't get discouraged if you don't get what's going on at first – all will be explained. Or at least, all that needs to be explained will be. All lines imply a change in who is talking. I am also attempting to reformat this story a bit, so just hang tight if you read it before July 18, 2006 and are returning for the next chapter – I hope what I'm about to put it through will make it more enjoyable! Enjoy! Legolas stared at his father in a mixed glare of confusion, anger, and defeat. "You do not understand," the prince whispered. "How can you, when you refuse to even try?" "It will change nothing." The king said sternly. "I have seen this before. He will take you down Legolas. How can you be so blind? They will all take you down." "He would do no such thing. I know him. Do you think I would trust him this much if I were not sure?" The king studied his son, his gaze steady but slowly softening. "If you wish to pursue this, you leave me no choice. Choose him. Go ahead and choose him over your own family." "I have done no such thing." Tears burned at the prince's eyes, and without his consent fled to trail down his face. "I have not turned my back on my family. It is you who has turned your back on me. You have taught me that there is great joy in helping a friend, and now when I can finally do something of such great value for one whom I hold so dear, you hold nothing but contempt and refusal to understand." "Then there is only one option for you to consider, if you will not cease this futile idea. Go and leave, just like your older brother did." The king waved him away almost violently with his hand. Legolas did not move from where he stood for a moment, so struck was he at the mixed glare he was being given. When he finally did speak, his words were little more than a whisper, carried away softly by the breeze brushing gently through the open windows. "There was a time, father, when I was so proud of you. Proud to be your son. Though there have been many days when you and I would disagree, I always respected everything you told me, and valued the wisdom you gave me in times of need; everything, even when you thought I wasn't listening. But never once," Legolas choked on the words bitterly as he turned away, "have I been so ashamed of you." He paused at the doorway. Eyes downcast and dark with inner storms, he spoke on final time. "I will leave. I will go seek out those who will build me up as a friend rather than tear me down as a son. And since I am such a disappointment to you, I will not come back and burden you with my presence again." A slight uplift of wind noted the prince's passing through the doorway and down the hall. The only other being stood where he had been left, staring at the empty doorway in a mixed expression so similar to that of his son's; of pain, confusion, and regret. OoOoOoOoO " Sometimes I feel like I can't breathe The walls closing in on me Stumbling through this dark abyss Never knowing if I'll find my way home I just don't know..." Aldalas OoOoOoOoO Legolas clung to the side of the small cliff next to the waterfall, making his way slowly, thoughtfully toward the falling water's edge. Several feet above level ground. There was only two ways off of where he had found himself back the way he had come, or down with the water and the heavy rapids below. During the time since he left, he had focused all of his energy into finding his young human friend, the one his father had attempted to forbid him to see. But Estel it seemed had disappeared, like the last sunray that would grace the sky before allowing the dark enfold of night. Just once, he glanced over his shoulder, looking almost longingly toward the path that had brought him here, and beyond it his provisions and his horse. They would be the only marker of this place that would soon become the last he would visit. Wearing only his leggings, the lithe elf eased his way closer to the waterfall, the rocks becoming slick and hazardous under his hands and bare feet. He was barely two feet from the waterfall's edge when he came to a dead stop, hesitating, considering again the choice before him. Nothing left , he told himself, I have nothing left to live for. No hope of a future, no love of a father, no faith of a friend. With those lingering thoughts and his mind made up, Legolas again moved closer to the waterfall and allowed his tense fingers to grow lax. Aragorn studied the tracks on the soft mountain ground, following them on foot while leading his horse by the reins. Familiar, he was very sure. Pressing his hand into the hoof track of one deep print. Looking up he glared at the waterfall through the trees that obscured his vision and the towering cliffs that framed it, trying to see what was hidden from him. Then suddenly, he saw a flicker of movement. "No," he whispered, frozen for a moment as though struck dumb. "No!" he said louder, immediately springing into action. Throwing his weapons, cloak, and kicking even his boots to the forest floor, Aragorn darted through the trees taking the same path his friend had only a minute before. He had already reached the rock face and begun his treacherous climb before calling out a name. "LEGOLAS!" The woodland elf hesitated at the sound of his name, looking back again. Legolas felt as though his stomach had literally dropped below his feet. "Estel," he whispered, the sound so soft it was drowned out in the sound of the waterfall just next to his side. What was he doing here? No. He was not worth it. Not to this man, not to anyone. And pity the beings who had already invested so much of their time for his wellbeing. He had chosen a fate opposite to the one he had been born to do. He deserved no mercy and no love for such actions. He knew this, he had accepted it. So then why was a friend he had known for a scant measure of half a year climbing after him, risking his own life on the coarse cliff-side rocks several feet above level ground? "Don't move! I'm coming! I'm coming..." Aragorn called out to his elf friend several times as his made his way over dangerous territory that only an elf of exceptional grace could have handled with ease. It was several minutes before he finally reached Legolas' side, slipping and catching short the entire way. The look in the elf's eyes was terrifying, of defeat and despair. And confusion. The latter caught the man's attention more than the others for a moment. "Legolas, don't... don't move. I'm here." Aragorn knew what the elf was attempting to do, but he would have none of it. He swung his own body around so he was right behind Legolas, allowing the elf's weight to settle heavily against his chest. For fear of losing his hold on the already tricky rocks, the man found small hand holds in the surface and drove his fingers deep into the cracks, wincing as he did so. But the hold was strong and they were secure for the moment. "Legolas?" The elf had not moved. "Legolas, what are you doing?" the human's voice sounded frightfully worried and what little of his face that Legolas could see out of the corner of his eye was lined with concern. Legolas pulled closer to the rock face, trying to put some futile distance between himself and the man. "Get out of the way Estel. Leave me to my fate." The ranger was stunned. What had happened to his friend? "Don't do this, Legolas, please." A flat, hard voice answered him. "No one cares what I do." "That is a lie." The man clung tighter to the rock face, clung tighter to the elf. "I care. I would not be out here if I felt otherwise." Legolas resisted, fighting the hold. "Let me go," the elf pleaded, shutting his eyes against unwanted tears. "I want to die." "Come back with me," Aragorn continued to ask of his friend. "You can talk to me about it. You don't need to do this." For a moment, Legolas seemed to relax back against the ranger's chest, but then tensed again. "It is the only way. Let me go Aragorn!" The archer's lithe body quickly and strongly began to work its way out of the man's hold. He made it halfway out before one human hand released its hold on the rocks and wrapped itself around the elf's wrist. The fingers were stained with blood. "No! If you go, I go with you." A strong, set tone answered, and the ranger attempted to get Legolas back into his control so he could not jump. "I will not let you do this!" His upper body already free of the man's grasp, Legolas twisted the bleeding hand around so as to loosen the hold it had retained, intending to slam it back into the rocks where it had been. His friend would not die for his sake, how could he make the man understand he was not worth it? Aragorn stifled a cry of pain as the cut fingers were harshly dealt with, and with so little support left on already treacherous ground, his other hand slipped and fell loose of the rocks. The next thing Aragorn knew, he was falling. His vision faded in and out, and for several seconds he freefell with a small but unrestrained cry on his lips.