Note : A gift fic for my dear friend, ferrilina, who has contributed to Reaped with so much invaluable advice, and who created a gorgeous poster for this story. Johanna Mason belongs to S. Collins. The credit for River, the tribute from District Twelve in Johanna's year, goes to the amazing FernWithy, whose stories can be found on this website. The character of Ianus Dolman, a rich Capitol sponsor, is a creation of almanera and me. Warning: explicit sexual content, non-consensual sex, physical and psychological torture The canon had detonated, and they were running towards Cornucopia, the wind swishing in their ears, drowning every other sound besides their feverish breathing. She knew she had to stay safe, to give up the weapons and hide while everyone else was occupied, but her mind was absurdly calm; she felt no fear. The rush of adrenaline in her head and limbs had been such that she had the impression of floating—floating rather than running. She had no doubt that if she could sprout wings, she would be able to outfly all the other tributes to the tent filled with precious ammunition. The idea of taking flight made her half-dizzy, though she never halted. She could already see the glint of the weapons arranged in the tent; they, too, seemed to float. Her arms were heavy in anticipation of the axe she was intent on grabbing; so heavy that they almost hurt. She reached out, her hands clutching at the air, and all but moaned in pain as a spasm contorted them. For some reason, she could not cry out; the harder she tried, the more muffled her voice became. It was as if something thick had suddenly filled her mouth, preventing her from making a sound. The weight in her arms had now brought her to a complete stop, and the dizziness was overcoming her: the world was spinning, dancing, laughing around her while she was falling through the earth, as if sucked in. And then she heard the approach of a stream of water, which rolled over her face and chest. She pulled in a sharp breath through her nose, shivered, and bolted into sitting position. Or attempted to. As the light of several electric lamps hit her eyes and chased away the remnants of the dream—or had it been a hallucination?—Johanna realised she had not collapsed onto the ground, as she had believed. She was standing, slumped on the ropes that were binding her wrists together in the direction of the ceiling. Only, the ceiling was so high that she could barely see the end of the ropes. Thank goodness, they were long enough to allow her to stand freely on the floor rather than hang. Her arms still hurt, though, and an unpleasant tingling sensation was coursing through her palms and fingers. She could not have been standing like this for long. Her arms were bare. So was the rest of her body. A whisper of cold wandered all over her skin, but she could not so much as gasp, for there was a gag in her mouth—large, round, and revolting. She attempted to rid her mouth of the intrusion, but it was securely tied around her head with an elastic ribbon. "Miss Mason," a smooth voice rang out from behind her. "Awake, I trust? It was high time." She recognised it at once, and her heart all but covered in ice. Soft steps shuffled on the floor, rounding on her bound figure to face her. First, she saw snow-white trousers, followed by a nude muscular torso. Then her eyes rose to the smug face of Ianus Dolman, one of the Capitol's most prominent sponsors, and the amused look on his face told her that things were going very, very badly for her. He was holding a jar of water in one hand; cubes of ice rested at its bottom. This explained the streamlet which had woken her from the unconsciousness. So they had kidnapped her. The memory of her most recent daring words against Snow—a remark on the berries being in season—swam to the front of her mind, and she quickly looked around, assessing her surroundings. The room was immense: vast and clear and half-empty for the lack of furniture. Three windows could be seen behind Dolman: two on her sides, one in front of her. All of them were completely dark, which meant she was no longer in the Capitol, where lights never went out, but in a secluded countryside—the mountains, perhaps. Her heart was beating faster and faster as the realisation was sinking in, and she was only vaguely aware of the beads of sweat that were erupting on her forehead and mingling with the drops of icy water he had thrown into her face. She was a prisoner in this house—Dolman's secret residence, unless she was much mistaken. The man was one of Snow's most popular cronies, and there was no way he could be doing this without the president's permission. The old snake had decided to bring her there for an interrogation; she could see this more clearly with every heartbeat, every second that went by. And judging by the humiliating position she had been forced into, this interrogation was meant to be long and inventive. Slowly, she let out a breath she had been unconsciously holding; it felt, for an instant, as though all the feeling in her hands and feet had evaporated. Could they possibly go through with such a plan?They could never get away with her death, not even if they explained it as a banal accident. It was too convenient and too overused an excuse. Would the general public—aside from her friends—really believe their lies? Because die she would if it came to an actual interrogation, for no matter the torture, she was not telling the snakeface anything… except a few truths he deserved to hear. It had come to this, and theatrics were not relevant anymore. Seconds ticked by. Closing her eyes, she concentrated hard, struggling to bring her heart to its usual pace. In the end of the day, everything was all right, the way it was meant to be; she had always sensed it would end like this. She was neither the first nor the last person to perish this way: in a secret, isolated place, with no one but the enemy present. But she would not show fear, never. If they killed her, they were going to have a run for their money, as she was not about to go humbly. She would fight back with all her might, if not physically, then at least verbally. After all, did the mentors not know more about these snakes than anyone else? Besides, her death would be a precious warning to her friends; a sign that they now had to be cautious, more so than ever. And if Snow attempted to tamper with her mind… two could play at this game. She slowly set her shoulders back and steeled herself for the snakeface's voice, which she was sure would ring out behind her any second. Instead, she heard Dolman's voice, smooth and surprisingly polite. "Hello there, Johanna. Welcome to my humble residence. I have always wanted you to visit this place, one way or another. My wish has finally come true." The glare was her only means of response, and she used it profusely to convey her opinion on his wish. He tilted his head to one side. "You must be wondering what the meaning of this is. I know you are a rather… direct person, so out my respect for you, I will pass straight to the point." He started pacing slowly before her, the jar tapping against his leg, his grey eyes fixed on hers. "You see, I have been eager to have a private moment with you… to get to know you better, so to speak. You have fascinated me for quite some time, Miss Mason. I can't quite put my finger on the precise qualities that attract me in you—perhaps it's your cheek, or your humour, as biting as it might be, or your brightness; I wouldn't know." Suddenly he came closer—not close enough for her to kick him, which she would have done with great pleasure, but close enough to let her hear his next quiet words. "Or perhaps I have simply grown tired of being insulted in public and having my friends' names dragged in the mud. Who knows?" He smiled, as though his words were quite innocent, and resumed his pacing. "Be that as it may, President Snow wouldn't hear about it. From what I found out, I wasn't the only one of your… admirers he had turned down. It was almost as if he were protecting you, I swear. But then, on the night of the feast in the honour of our Star-Crossed Lovers, he called me to his private rooms and told me he would grant my request. Funny, isn't it? Not that I would complain. And here you are." He stopped again, right in front of her, and looked her square in the eye. If the gag were not stretching her jaws, her mouth would have dropped. Once again, all feeling fled her limbs, only it was now much more intense—so intense that she was certain she would collapse. This was impossible. This was impossible. This was impossible . He was lying, of course he was; this was all a part of the torture they had designed to frighten and break her. If it were true, why would he be telling her all this? No, Snow could not have agreed to Dolman's requests; it did not make any sense. It had once been his plan to turn her into… but she had firmly refused, making it clear that she would rather die than be debased. And she had paid her price, which had been a thousand times heavier than her offence. So how could this be possible now, after all that time? Her horror and disbelief were so strong that she didn't even realise she was tugging at her restraints, and her breathing was turning faster and faster, threatening to choke her, though she remained oblivious to all these sensations. Dolman watched her struggle thoughtfully. "Judging by your reaction, you don't seem to believe me. I wonder why… Surely this is no novelty among you, victors. Take that beloved fisherman of yours. Unless… you had some kind of silent agreement with President Snow." He eyed her curiously, taking in every shift of muscles in her face. "Or not so silent, perhaps? Did you offer him something else, something more valuable than the powers of your attraction? Maybe information on your friends? Personally, I wouldn't have assessed you as a traitor, but then, you did surprise us all during your Games." Her face was flushing red, but this was nothing compared to the white-hot fury his words had ignited in her. Her axe was unnecessary—she could have pummelled the smug bastard with her bare hands if only they were free. And that was what she was going to do one day, so help her. Kicking him was the least she could do, though, and she put her entire force into the blow, aiming for his so-called "male" appendage. To her frustration, he avoided her in time, taking a step back. "I'm definitely wrong, then." He pretended to think. "Let's try again. If I may ask you a very personal question, Johanna, do you have a family?" She froze. And from that single second of true, unfeigned shock and pain and reminiscence, he seemed to cotton up. "I see." Then he shrugged. "None of my business, though, is it? Let's take this gag off." He approached her again, reaching behind her head with his left hand—his right was still clutching the jar—and untied the elastic. The gag slipped out of her mouth, and before he could so much as blink, she