READ THIS! Ok so if anyone reading this didn't see in the description or hasn't read my other story, this is a continuation of another story on my page (Blind) so if you haven't read that already none of this is going to make sense. If you're here to read the continuation, thanks for reading! I hope you like it! ~secrethalfblood Also, I had to change Adam's last name because my friend met someone with a similar last name so if anyone's wondering about that... yeah. Sorry, it was just too weird for me and it seriously hampered my writing. Sorry if that bothered anyone ... Apov If you're considering dating a child of Hermes, there's one thing you should know. You'll never be bored. Thea laughed as she sprinted down the hall, several people staring after her in confusion but she skidded to a halt when she spotted me waiting by her locker. "Hey." She said smiling brightly at me. "Why are you running?" I asked but a door slammed and she looked over her shoulder. "Uh, I really can't talk right now." "But-" I started but she was already running again. "I'll explain later! Love you!" I watched her tear around the corner into the next hall and was confused until an angry voice shouted. "Kall!" "Oh good god." I muttered to myself. What had she done now? It had been six weeks since Thea and I had started our senior year together, and while in those six weeks she'd managed to keep herself relatively contained, the fact was Thea was a natural born mischief maker. Sometimes she just couldn't help herself. "You need to control your girlfriend." A furious Devin Rosenthal said glaring at me as around us several people started to snicker. "That's probably not going to happen." I said shrugging. While most people might have been intimidated by the captain of the lacrosse team glowering at them, I wasn't. Despite his stocky build, he was several inches shorter than me, that and, well, it was hard to take someone seriously when they were whining about your girlfriend. "She's crossed a line." "Did you deserve it?" I asked skeptically. "What's that supposed to mean?" "Well everyone heard about you and your friends messing with the JV team. Did you really think she'd let you get away with that?" Rumor had it, they'd cornered them in the locker room and dunked their heads in the toilets. Trouble maker she might be, Thea generally restricted her antics to people who she felt deserved it. Usually that meant bullies. His face went purple and for a moment I thought he looked rather embarrassed. As if part of him knew I had a point. "What exactly happened to you anyways?" I asked. His uniform was ripped, his dark hair ruffled, and there was a slightly manic look in his eyes, as if he'd suffered a great shock and hadn't quite gotten over it yet. He looked a little crazy. "She trapped a fruit bat in my locker!" He said indignantly and I stared at him. "Excuse me?" I asked trying not to grin as people around us collapsed into laughter. "You heard what I said." He spat through clenched teeth looking angry again. "And if you don't get her to stop messing with me and my friends-" "You'll what?" I asked raising an eyebrow. "Try and beat her up again? Cuz that worked so well for you last time." One of the nice things about dating Thea was that she wasn't afraid to fight her own battles. Most people assumed that when I found out they'd been waiting for her a week ago, ready to attack her after school, I'd be furious. In reality I'd laughed. I don't think any of them were prepared to lose quite so spectacularly to a girl that was out numbered. "Maybe not." He said his face crimson now. "But I can take it up with the Dean. Everyone knows she's been expelled from every school she's gone to. What's one more on the list?" "It's an interesting thought, but do you have any proof it was her?" I asked and he hesitated. "The halls are monitored," he said glancing up at the security camera at the end of the corridor. "All they'd have to do is check the footage." "Do you really think she hasn't thought of that?" I asked crossing my arms over my chest and he looked uncertain. "My advice." I started before he could start complaining again. "Stop messing with the younger students. Maybe if you stopped being such a bully, you wouldn't have to be so scared of my girlfriend." He looked offended but, far from caring, I turned and made my way down the hall and turning where Thea had, pretty sure I knew where she had gone. I jogged up the stairwell and when I tested the door that lead to the roof, I found it was unlocked like I knew it would be. "Hey." Thea said grinning over her shoulder at me as I crossed the roof and leaned on the concrete wall she was sitting on, her legs dangling over the street below. "You remembered to turn off the security cameras right?" I asked and she looked at me amused. "What do you think I'm some sort of amateur or something?" "Just checking." I said shrugging and looking out over the city. It was a nice day for October, warm and breezy, and though she'd always enjoyed heights I knew that wasn't the only reason she liked it up here. From the roof you could see all the major monuments and while I'd lived here my whole life, Thea couldn't seem to get enough of DC. "Where did you even get a fruit bat?" I asked raising an eyebrow at her and she grinned. "You'd be amazed at what you can find on Craigslist." "How'd you get it in to the school?" It wouldn't have been hard for her to get into Devin's locker. I was pretty sure she'd find any lock in the building laughable easy to open, but I did wonder how she managed to get a live animal through the halls and into the locker without someone noticing. "A couple of the kids in the AV club helped me out." She said shrugging. "Just put a sheet over one of their carts and wheeled it and the cage into school. It wasn't hard." "Ah, your fan boys coming to your aid once again?" "I don't know what you're talking about." She said casually but she'd smiled. While the school supposedly had a 'zero tolerance policy' on bullying, that didn't stop it from happening. Most kids' parents here were rich enough to stop their kids being kicked out of any school no matter what they'd done, so Thea had gained a sense of notoriety in the time she'd been here. Like at camp, she'd quickly gotten a reputation for sticking up for the misfits and the bullied especially among the younger years. Though no one had ever caught her, it was well known that if she caught you messing with other students you'd pay for it. Since then, she'd earned a small group of dedicated followers determined to help her enact off the book justice against the school's bullies. Most of them were kids she'd stood up for or their friends, but I was pretty sure several of the boys in this group had developed a crush on her. "I think you do." I said with a grin and hopping up on the wall to sit next to her. "You know you probably shouldn't encourage them." She smirked. "Jealous?" "Of Freshmen?" I asked and she laughed. "Yeah, I think you're being a little ridiculous too." "I never said I was jealous." "Cuz you're acting sort of jealous." "You're just trying to irritate me." "Yeah and it's working." She said smugly. "You're so cute when you're frustrated." I rolled my eyes and pushed her off the ledge ready to jump after her if I needed to, but I had nothing to fear. I felt the wind pick up around us and she shot back up to the roof, my father's ring glowing around her finger as she hovered in front of me. "Well that was a bit uncalled for." she said rolling her eyes and I grinned. "You're getting better." I said in approval enjoying the way the breeze was tugging at her hair. "Yeah. Well you keep pushing me off things." "You told me you didn't fall." "I don't fall." She said insisted with an annoyed expression. "But I can be pushed." "Oh please, you're fine." There was a point in time when I'd been a little over protective of Thea, but it didn't take long after we'd started dating for me to realize that worrying about her was essentially pointless. Thea could take care of herself and unless she was in life threatening danger, I was more than happy to let her do so. "You know some people might consider that attempted murder." "You seem really concerned." I said gravely and she grinned. "Yes, I'm very angry at you." "I can tell." I said laughing and pulling her into a kiss. I felt the wind swirling around us as I pulled her closer, but didn't let go feeling the electricity spark within me that I associated only with her. Though we'd only been dating for a few months, I didn't think I'd been happier in my entire life. When I'd been dating Crystal it seemed like all we did was fight, but thinking back in my time with Thea I couldn't remember a single argument. All I could remember was laughing, both of us, and the feeling of finally knowing here I belonged. I would have happily spent the rest of break with Thea, but I heard the roof door open behind us and quickly pulled her back onto the ledge of the wall. I glanced over my shoulder to see Daisy stepping out onto the roof. "I thought I'd find you guys up here." She said then noticed my arm around Thea's waist. "Canoodling I see." Her hair was still blonde, but highlighted with purple and blue now which annoyed our mother to no end and I knew was why she had done it. "What's up Daze?" Thea asked grinning at her. Thea got along very well with Daisy. Sometimes I thought they were closer than she and I were, but I had to admit, since Thea had been around things had been better between my sister and I. "Mom's picking us up early." "Why?" I asked feeling disappointed. Thea lived in the dormitory of the school during the year and while she spent a fair amount of time at my house, school was where I saw her most. I didn't want to leave early. "Your Dad's in town." She said and I felt blank shock go through me. "He is?" I asked and I saw Thea frown. I knew why she was confused. It was the same reason I was staring cautiously at Daisy as well. My father never visited me. "Yeah." She said and I wondered if the fact that Robert had suddenly had to go away on business this morning had really been a coincidence with the arrival of my father. "She wants us all to go out tonight." "What are we going to do?" I asked frowning and she shrugged. "The usual when she wants to impress someone. Box seats at the opera, private table at a whatever restaurant he choses, limo tour around the city." "That sounds awful." Thea said pulling face. I knew she was partial to the Segway tours on which she'd instigated many races which had resulted in a number of crashes. "Well you're going to have to suck it up." Daisy said amused. "'Cuz you're coming with us." "I am?" Thea asked in