READ THIS! If you didn't see in the description, or read my other stories, the characters in this story are from previous stories that I have written. (First Blind, then a continuation of that story). So some stuff might not make sense if you haven't already read those. If you have and are here for the new story I hope you like it! I most likely will not be able to post with the rapidity I was able to with my previous stories. I'm really busy at the moment, and I'm not as far as I usually am in a story before I post, but I wanted to at least get the first chapter up. Again, hope you like it. ~secrethalfblood Dpov The second I stepped off the bus I wished I hadn't. "Why is it so humid here?" I asked in horror breathing in the muggy air. It might have been almost twenty degrees cooler here than it was back home in Arizona, but in some ways the heat in the city was almost worse. "You know DC was pretty much a swamp before it was made into a city right?" Hannah asked pulling her long hair back into a pony tail as other people around us complained about the humidity. "I am not built for this climate." I muttered grumpily. "Will you relax?" she said rolling her eyes. "You realize we're going to a giant green house right? It's going to be just as bad." "Well if you were so averse to the idea, why did you bother coming?" she asked raising an eyebrow. I didn't answer because it would have been awkward. This field trip was the last big trip of the year for the naturalist club at our school back home, a club I'd only joined to spend more with Hannah when we were dating. I didn't have much interest in plants, but she loved them so going to the National Botanical Garden was like her dream come true. We'd paid for the trip before we'd broken up so, here I was, stuck on a field trip I didn't really want to be on, with my ex girlfriend, who was now back to being my best friend, and I didn't know how to feel about the whole thing. "Come on," she said as the group started moving towards the massive building. I followed, letting my mind wander as my gaze fell on the rest of the students. I wasn't really sure how well I fit in with the rest of these kids. Most of them were underclassmen and, well, geeks. Apart from Hannah I didn't really talk to anyone in the club and if I was honest, I really didn't see me coming back next year. I already missed half the meetings for soccer practices anyways. "Would you cheer up?" Hannah asked in exasperation and I raised an eyebrow at her. She was the only one who ever talked to me like that, except for some of my siblings. I was nearly a foot taller than her, but when she was annoyed with me she had the attitude of a person with a much more intimidating size. "We're going to one of the most beautiful places in the world and then you get to see your sister after." She continued. "Do you really expect me to feel sorry for you for being in the nation's capital, seeing some of the most exotic plants in the world, then getting to spend a whole train ride causing trouble with Thea?" "True." I said grinning. Instead of going back to Arizona with the rest of the club, Hannah and I had gotten permission to leave for camp directly from DC with my sister and her fiancé Adam. I was really excited to have this time with Thea because ever since she'd become head of our cabin she'd been really busy. That on top of planning her wedding, and going to a really good school made it almost impossible for her to cause trouble like she used to, and I wanted to get at least some time to hang out with her before the summer was over. No one in our cabin liked to talk about it, but we knew that in a few months when she finally got married, she wasn't coming back. It was because of this I was determined for this summer to be as much as fun as possible. I loved all my siblings but Thea had always been there for me. She was the one who taught me how to use my powers and consistently supported me, even when I'd done some pretty stupid things. "So stop sulking." Hannah said linking her arm with mine and pulling me after the group. My heart skipped a beat in a familiar way at the contact, but I ignored it. This was one of the many confusing things about being around her lately. The line between best friend and girlfriend seemed to have blurred. Sometimes I even forgot we weren't dating anymore. Despite this, I let her drag me towards the building, her eyes shining with excitement. It looked like it was made out of giant bird cages stacked next together, with glass windows between the wires and from the second we stepped inside the air was damp and I could smell soil. Hannah practically vibrated with anticipation as we waited to step into the main section of the green houses. She rattled off all the plants she knew were here and which ones she'd hoped to find. Finally, our group made it through the line and she gasped her eyes wide, looking around at what felt like an arena of flora all battling to out do each other. I had to admit the sight of it was staggering. Being from Arizona, we didn't usually get to see this much green. Sunlight streamed the the walls and the roof, which were all made of glass, and caught the leaves of what looked like a million different species of plants. It threw the floor into shadow, and covered us in a slight emerald tinge which went well with the rest of the shades around us. Flowers were everywhere, in all shapes and colors, some climbing two stories high or winding around trees. They spilled out into the walk way narrowing the path so that we could only walk two at a time. "Wow." She said breathlessly and I grinned. I couldn't help it. Usually she was so quiet and flowers were the only thing that got her this excited. In that excitement, several plants burst into bloom as she walked by them, and I could have sworn some even turned in her direction. As I looked around I realized she was right. This place really was beautiful, not that I could let her know that. I knew if I told her I'd never hear the end of it. "You're such a dork." I said looking down at her. She didn't respond, but continued to turn looking around the light reflecting in her amber eyes and the moisture in the air causing her hair to curl even more than usual. I was so entertained by her reaction, I didn't notice the skinny boy approach until he spoke. "Hannah, look at this Lily!" he said eagerly. "It's one of the only ones in North America." We turned and I felt a stab of irritation go through me when I recognized Darius, the only other Junior in the club. He was tall and awkward, with glasses and curly blonde hair that seriously needed to be cut or styled, but was currently just a mess. I knew he wasn't that interested in flowers, Darius was more of an insect kind of guy, but what he was interested was Hannah. I could tell from my very first club meeting he had a crush on her, and as her best friend and her ex, I couldn't like this guy if he'd handed me a brief case full of solid gold bars. "Yeah, we can read the plaque too." I said scowling and gesturing towards the sign in front of the Lily that had a small paragraph of information about the plant, including the oh so insightful factoid he'd just spouted at her. Hannah shot me a look and smiled at Darius. "Any idea what region it's from?" she asked and I knew she was just being polite. Being a daughter of Persephone, she pretty much knew everything there was about a plant just by looking at it, especially flowers. There wasn't anything he could tell her that she didn't already know and give him a book's worth of additional details. She let go of me and I felt a little disappointed as they continued to inspect the plant together. I was lucky however, as their conversation was cut short by Mrs. Hags, one of the biology teachers at our school and sponsor of the club. She was waving her arms as she tried to get the attention of our group and we all turned towards her. "Alright everyone." She said. She was a short, kind woman, with frizzy brown hair that was pulled back into a bandana and deep blue eyes that looked just as excited as Hannah's. "Now I know you're all excited, just remember that you have to fill out your worksheet as this trip is supposed to be educational or the school is going to get cranky. Then when you're done you can wander around as much as you like, just make sure you meet us back here by three thirty, and I don't mean three thirtyish. Thirteen people got off the bus, and I'm most definitely fired if thirteen people don't get back on it." I raised my hand. "Uh, Mrs. Hags." "Yes?" she asked distractedly and I could tell she was itching to have a look around. "Hannah and I are staying in DC." I noticed Darius looked a little disappointed and had to resist the temptation to roll my eyes. He'd talked Hannah's ear off the whole plane ride here and I knew that he'd been hoping to get the chance to do the same on the return journey. "Oh that's right." Hags said looking a little flustered. She was the hippie type and was never really on top of things. "Your sister's picking you up. What time will she be here? I'm supposed to confirm she shows up." "She said she'd be here around two thirty." I said glancing at my watch. It was already one forty-five. "Alright, just come and find me when she gets here. I'll be around." She said gesturing to the building at large. It was really hard not to say something sarcastic, but I resisted for Hannah's sake. She wasn't being very helpful, but she was one of Hannah's favorite teachers and Hannah hated school. She was shy, and didn't have many friends other than me, but she'd come out of her shell a little in Mrs. Hags class. While my ADHD was far worse than Hannah's, she was extremely dyslexic and couldn't stand having attention drawn to her in class, but Hags had always been very nice to Hannah. I had a feeling she was the only teacher that made Hannah feel like she was smart. "Has everyone got their worksheet?" she asked the group and there were various yeses and nods. "Alright, pair off and have fun kids." "Ready?" Hannah asked me pulling a pencil out of her back pack as well as our work sheets and handing me mine. "Oh. I was hoping that we could…" Darius said but his sentence faded when I looked at him. Hannah hadn't heard anyways. "Let's go." She said happily grabbing my hand and dragging me through the leaves towards an extremely fragrant box of flowers where she immediately started to classify the different types of plants. The next half an hour went like