This story is based in the world invented by Rick Riordan with a mix of original and cannon characters. All credit of the Percy Jackson series and it's characters to Rick Riordan. Hope you enjoy! You know that look when your parents give you when you screw up? As if everything you've ever done or become was just a disappointment. Well, I get that look a lot, but not from my parents. I'd never met my mom, and my Dad can hardly stand to look at me, but my little brother Max has perfected it. And not for the first time it was burning through me. "Max, I said I was sorry." I said following him as he stalked up the steps to our school. "I don't want to hear it Cali." He spat, refusing to look at me as we entered the building. The whitewashed cinderblock walls were lined with shabby green lockers and lit with florescent lighting, which only increased its resemblance to a prison. "If you'd let me explain-" I started but he cut me off. "Go away." "Would you just listen?" I caught his arm forcing him to stop, but he pulled out of my grip. "No!" he said furiously while turning to face me. "I'm done listening to you! I'm done with your excuses!" He was only fourteen, but he was already taller than me, with light brown hair and dark blue eyes that were looking at me with such resentment and contempt I could have sworn I was looking at my father. "I didn't mean for it to happen." "Well it did." He said acidly. "And now thanks to you, my Mom says I'm not allowed anywhere near you. I'm not even supposed to speak to you any more." "What?" I asked weakly, ice flooding my veins. Max and I weren't fully related. Technically he was my half brother, but he was the only person that I really cared about or considered family. He lived with his mother who hated our father as much as I did. She hated me, if it were possible, even more. She thought I was a bad influence and if I was honest with myself, I couldn't blame her. But I couldn't tell her the truth any more than I could tell Max. If I tried to explain why all these horrible things happened to me, she wouldn't just hate me, she'd think I was insane and make sure I never saw Max again unless it was from inside a straightjacket and padded cell. "That's right." Max said glaring up at me. "She heard you got arrested. Everyone did. And now she wants me to switch schools to avoid you." "She can't do that." I said in horror. School was the only place I saw him these days. He was the only reason I showed up. "Of course she can Cali, she's my mom! God!" he said still clearly furious and a couple of freshmen looked our way. "You knew she was already angry about what happened at the liquor store!" "I didn't steal anything." I retorted angrily. "Yes, but you didn't have to convince the owner to give you all that alcohol." He argued. "She doesn't believe that people just give you stuff, and neither did the police when he got the sense to call them. Now she's trying to separate us completely. Why do you always have to do things that are so stupid?" I didn't answer and he looked away. "It's like you want to get into trouble." He said bitterly. I opened my mouth to defend myself but words failed me. I felt anger and bitterness rise within me but I forced myself to stay calm. There were so many things I wanted to tell him but I couldn't. He'd never understand. How could he? I let out a sigh and put my head in my hands. It was a full thirty seconds before I could speak. "Look, I said I'm sorry. What more do you want from me?" "The truth." "What do you mean?" I asked. "Why did you break into that car?" "I told you-" "No I'm not buying what you told the police about the muggers," he said his eyes narrowing in anger. "There were witnesses. No one was in that alley but you." This wasn't true. The fact was that there had been two furys in that alley way as well but thanks to the mist the mortal witnesses hadn't seen them. From what I could tell, all they saw was some crazy teenager breaking into a Ferrari and using a tire iron to ward off a couple of really angry crows or something. There was a moment's pause in which he became impatient. "Well?" he demanded. "What do you want me to say?" I asked quietly. "I want you to say why you did it!" He said in exasperation. "You've done a lot of stupid stuff Cali, but I can't see you trying to steal a car. So you must have had a reason for smashing through the window." "You wouldn't believe me if I told you." I muttered. "Try me." "You want to know the truth?" "Yes!" "Fine." I spat, then looked over my shoulder to see if any of the passing students were listening. There were a few sophomores lingering around a locker a few feet down the hall, but after I shot them a look that promised pain, they scurried off to their first period class. "If you want to know why I broke into that car I'll tell you, but you won't believe me. You'll just get mad." "Not if it's the truth." I let out a hollow laugh. "Yeah ok." I said sarcastically but took a deep breath then spoke. "The real reason I broke into that car was to get a weapon to fight off the freaky demon bird monsters that only I could see that were attacking me in the alley way." Normally, I wouldn't have had to resort to a tire iron. I almost always kept the daggers my mother had given me with me no matter where I went. They were enchanted and had the ability to turn into any sort of accessory from bobby pins to bracelets, but the furys had managed to disarm me and I was looking for anything I could get. "You could have just said you weren't going to tell me." Max said hatred in his eyes. "You didn't have to make up this ridiculous story just to make fun of me." "It's the truth." I said helplessly. "Stop lying Cali!" he shouted. Several heads turned our way and he lowered his voice, but his tone burned with poorly repressed fury. "Sometimes I feel like that's all you know how to do." With one final look of disgust, he turned and started walking to class. "Max-" "Just go away!" he shouted, cutting me off without bothering to turn around. I watched him go feeling a mix of fury and guilt that both made me want to go after him, and leave and never have to see that anger in his eyes ever again. Several people were staring now, but when they saw I'd noticed they quickly shuffled away, all clearly whispering about the same thing. Me. I did my best to ignore them. I was used to people talking about me, and while it was never fun, I was pretty sure the rumors about me were as horrible as they could get. What was one more? Without knowing what to do, I glanced out the window wondering if it was a nice enough day to bother skipping class, but the clouds above threatened rain so I decided if I was going to be anywhere it might as well be here. Without really meaning too, I focused on my reflection in the glass. I didn't like looking at myself if I could avoid it. It was hard when every time I looked in the mirror I saw exactly who I didn't want to be. The daughter of Aphrodite. I know most people, if they suddenly had woken up as the child of the Goddess of love and beauty might have thought they won the genetic jackpot, but most people were idiots. I hated it. When I was younger, my father always told me I looked just like her. Now, he could barely stand to look at me. Everywhere I went people stared. They talked about me while I just wanted to be left alone. I didn't want to be reminded of my mother and didn't want to be beautiful. I tried everything, refusing to wear make up, wearing baggy clothes, hats, nothing worked, people still stared. I scowled at the long light brown hair that refused to stay short no matter how many times I cut it. In my anger my eyes were bright green, most of the time they were either blue or green, but they always changed shades depending on my mood. "Trouble in paradise?" I turned to see a tall skinny boy with dark hair and eyes walking over to me with a smirk. He was attractive in a dangerous sort of way that made most girls scared to talk to him even if they all wanted to date him, but Tyler Lang didn't date girls, he used them. "What do you want?" I asked irritated. I wasn't in the mood to deal with Tyler right now, and I could tell by his smirk he'd heard what had happened. "Nothing in particular." He said grinning. "Good. Then leave me alone." I snapped turning and walking down the hall. He chuckled. "You know, I heard something interesting about you this weekend." He said amused quickly closing the distance between us. Everyone avoided his eye as we progressed down the hall. Most people were afraid of him but I wasn't. I'd met Tyler last year, we'd had a study hall together and while he was a senior and a year older than me, he was the closest thing I had to a friend in this place. He came to school about as often as I did, and if he was here, he was usually with me. "You and everyone else." I said annoyed. "Is that why you're in such a bad mood?" "Max doesn't want to talk to me." "Is that all?" he asked raising an eyebrow. I glared at him. "I don't see why you're brother's opinion matters to you so much." he said indifferently. He was always irritated with how much I cared about my Max. "Personally I wouldn't bother with him. He seems like a bit of a boy scout to me." "Shut up Tyler." I said angrily and he shrugged. "I'm just saying, you're wasting your time trying to be something for him you're just never going to be." "Which is?" "Good." He said with a significant look. "You're never going to be the perfect sister he expects. Why do you try so hard to be someone you're not when you're clearly so much better at being bad?" "You say that as if you know me." "Far better than anyone else here." He said with a smirk. "Including your brother." "Thanks for reminding me." I said darkly. "I need new friends." "I'm your only friend." I glared at him and he grinned. "What?" I asked. "Nothing. It's just," he paused his eyes glittering. "I didn't see you as the car stealing type." "I wasn't trying to steal it." I said angrily starting to walk away but he followed. "So you smashed the window for a better look at the interior?" he asked in amused sarcasm. "No." "Well then explain." I shot him another look but again he smiled and I felt a fraction of my anger subside. "If you must know," I sighed. "I wanted the tire iron inside." "Alright Parker." He said still smirking. "If that's the story you want to