It's their Sixth year and Ron, Harry, and Hermione are convinced Draco Malfoy is planning something. They know it has to do with Voldemort and are determined to discover what he's up to. And why do his eyes never seem to leave Ron? [DxR] [HxH] Harry Potter, Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley crowded conspiratorially at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall. The scene was so run of the mill at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry that their fellow Gryffindors barely glanced their way. It would all become clear in the end, after all. It always did where they were concerned. "So you agree with me?" Harry asked, feeling vicious triumph pound at his chest. Hermione bit the corner of her lip harshly and swiped her hair from her face, "I don't know if you're right, Harry, but my gut is telling me you're not completely wrong. I saw him when Filch brought him into Slughorn's class this morning. He had been wandering the halls and the look in his yes…it was like he was a caged animal." "I know he's planning something, Hermione, I know it. When he's not roaming the castle, Malfoy is off somewhere planning. And he's staring at us, again," Harry glanced over his shoulder feeling his hackles rise. This had been happening for months. Malfoy's behavior was becoming consistently more erratic. "You two are being absolute bonkers," Ron shook his head at his two best friends, hunching his shoulders so he wouldn't be overheard. "Malfoy is probably just pissing his pants now that You-Know-Who is back. His Dad is probably busy trying to get him to become a Death Eater. He's either terrified or too excited to sleep." Harry narrowed his eyes, "Maybe he's already a Death Eater. Maybe he already has a mission from Voldemort." Ron snorted, "Come on, Harry. You-Know-Who would never trust Malfoy. What could he possibly do for him that another more seasoned Death Eater couldn't do better?" "Ron, don't forget that a baby snake is more dangerous than an adult one," Hermione cautioned glancing in Malfoy's direction. Harry wasn't wrong. They had been through enough in the past six years for them all to know that things were changing. With Voldemort's existence out in the open, people were changing. "It still hasn't learned how to control its venom." iIiIiIiI "For argument's sake," Ron said in the Gryffindor common room a week later, "let's say that we all agree. Malfoy is being a shifty bugger. He's acting weird and a lot of his hostility is being aimed at us. What are we going to do about it?" Harry nodded in agreement, "We need to find out why." "Yes, and we have to find out how bad it is. What's going on, why, and who will it affect?" Hermione wrote her thoughts down on a piece of parchment to keep herself organized. "We need to know what it has to do with us," Ron paced the room and pointed at Hermione's parchment. "You should write that down. He's not even heckling us, just staring. It's not like him." Hermione's quill scribbled quickly to capture everything, "And why you in particular?" Ron paused, "Me?" "Yes," Hermione glanced at Harry and frowned. "We've been watching him these last few days. He looks at us but only when we're together. When it's just Harry and I, he glances our way but loses interest. Then, the other day, when I was late for Herbology, I saw Malfoy's eyes glued to you when you were getting shears." "And in Potions," Harry cut in. "You were partnered with Neville. Malfoy was in the back of the room, which is unusual, Mione. We should write that down too. He was always in the front before. Anyway, he was in the back and he was just watching you two work. He barely paid attention to his own potion." "Well, he doesn't have do, does he?" Ron scrunched his nose in disgust. "He doesn't seem to care about marks at all anymore." "You're focusing on the wrong thing, Ronald," Hermione sighed. "He looks at you more than us. It's worrying." Ron pursed his lips, "You don't think his plan has to do with harming my family, do you? I mean, to him, we're blood traitors. We're no better than scum." "I thought of that," Hermione said slowly, "but I don't think so. If that was the case, why wouldn't he be paying attention to Ginny too? I've been watching him for signs that he's trailing her too, but he only ever pays her any attention when she's with you." "What do you think, Harry?" Ron asked his best friend. Harry ran his hands through his hair, "I don't know, Ron. I can't make sense of it, but we have to try. We have to try to figure out what Malfoy is up to." iIiIiIiI Maybe Harry and Hermione were right, Ron thought to himself as he shuffled down a lonely hall on the way back to Gryffindor Tower from the library. Maybe he wasn't taking Malfoy seriously enough, but it didn't mean that it totally had to derail their lives. They had spent the last sixteen bloody days trailing Malfoy, losing him more often than not. The sneaky bugger could disappear from empty halls like he was made of smoke. They did their best to take turns so as to not get too behind on their school work, but it was clearly not working. The worst part was that he was so tired and his head so full of Malfoy that all he had to show for it were two measly pieces of parchment with an essay so bad it would be a wonder if he wasn't thrown out of Hogwarts. Hopefully, Harry had done better and he could copy in a hurry tomorrow morning before breakfast ended. He hoped there would be scones tomorrow morning with piping hot tea. He was going to need it if - Ron was brusquely startled out of his thoughts when his wand was forcefully torn from his hand. Malfoys's spell was so quiet that Ron had not heard it. He narrowed his eyes and took a threatening step towards Malfoy, pausing only when he felt Malfoy's wand push against his throat in the darkness. "Lumos," Draco said quietly, casting a soft glow about them. Ron licked his lips involuntarily and swallowed, "What do you want, Malfoy?" Draco's eyes slithered to Ron's lips before returning to the redhead's. Completely ignoring Ron, Draco stared at him unnervingly, scanning Ron's face and focusing momentarily on his lips once again. Ron breathed heavily under Draco's scrutiny. His flight or fight instinct made his heart pound with adrenaline. He had absolutely no idea what was happening, but Ron refused to stand down. His eyes raked over Malfoy's face with defiance, memorizing all possible details to share with Harry and Hermione later. Malfoy really did look haggard. There were deep bags under his eyes, all the more prominent because the greenish hue clashed against Malfoy's grey eyes. Though almost invisible, Malfoy's impossibly long eyelashes fluttered in slow blinks that betrayed the depth of his exhaustion. His lips were full but dry, as if he had gone many hours without drinking water. His cheeks were thin and clung to the high bones underneath as if they were a thin film of fabric. Malfoy's breathing was slow and even, though Ron noticed that the pulse at his neck was fluttering in fast beats. The wand at his throat steadily pushed against his skin, but Ron couldn't help but feel that it was non-threatening after a few moments. Testing for resistance, Ron brought his right hand up slowly and pushed Malfoy's wand hand down. Draco's hand thudded against the side of his leg softly. Ron couldn't wrap his head around what was happening. This was mental. Draco bloody Malfoy was standing in front him, wand in hand, using a spell so he could watch Ron. Because that's what he was doing, Ron finally realized. Malfoy was just looking at him, studying his face as if he he was committing it to memory. And worst of all, Malfoy wasn't even insulting him. He wore a tiny, forlorn frown on his face but betrayed no other emotion. "You have freckles on your lips," Draco said at last. Feeling the tips of his ears warm, Ron brought his fingertips to his lips, "Uh, yeah." Drinking in one final long look, Draco let his wand go dark and turned on his heel. Ron heard his own wand clatter to the ground and he immediately sank low to look for it. When he finally found it and cast a Lumos of his own, he was alone. iIiIiIiI The next morning, Ron woke up with a queasy feeling at the pit of his stomach. It was the same feeling he had felt when he had accidentally smashed Ginny's hand with a door when they were little. Only now, it was complete shit, because he hadn't done anything wrong and he had no reason to feel guilty. "You ok, Ron?" Harry finally asked as they were brushing their teeth. Ron had been brushing the same side for a good two minutes and had the same look on his he always wore when he was concentrating too hard. Ron startled out of his thoughts and spit out the toothpaste, "Yeah, fine." And Harry might have believed him, if only Ron hadn't walked back into their room without brushing the other side of his teeth. Harry followed him with narrowed eyes, "Ron, you look like you're about to have an aneurysm. Spit it out." "It's nothing," Ron said, busying himself looking for a jumper. Harry shook his head, "I've known you for six years now. I'm pretty sure I know when something's up. So, why don't you save us both some time and just come out with it." "It's nothing," Ron said with a frown. "Ron…" "Harry." "Ron!" "Alright! I'm going to tell you and then we can go and tell Hermione, but you have to promise you're not going to throw things, or start yelling, or run off after the git," Ron focused on putting on his sock harder than he ever had in his life. Harry sat on his bed looking unusually serious, "Alright, mate, you're starting to scare me." Ron look at his best friend and the stared nonchalantly above Harry's left shoulder, "Malfoy cornered me in a corridor last night-" "What?" "AND he didn't hurt me. Harry, sit down, seriously. You promised not to yell," Ron frowned until Harry settled on his bed again, looking rather ruffled but more or less like he wasn't going to blow a fuse. "Anyway, I don't know what it means or what he was trying to do. Maybe he was just trying to get in my head or yours for all I know." Harry took a breath to calm himself and asked, "Well, what did he say?" Ron blushed a deep red and he scratched the back of his head awkwardly, "He just kind of stared at my face and told me I had freckles on my lips." "Freckles…" "On my lips, yeah," Ron mumbled. Harry scratched the end of his nose, thinking, "I don't know what that means." "Right! I don't know what it bloody means either!" Ron said feeling relief flooding through him. If Harry didn't know, he wasn't being completely daft. "Right, then," Harry said standing up. "Put on your shoe. We have to go find Hermione." iIiIiIiI "Oh, for Merlin's sake," Hermione said with an eye roll so mighty she wondered for a second if she hadn't seen the back of her own head. It could not be this simple. When she opened her eyes, Ron and Harry were staring at her with their usual look of confusion. She sighed and said, "The moron fancies you." Their roar of incredulity was immediate and drew the attention