AN: This is just a quick drabble, to see if anyone likes where the story is going. I had this idea when I was thinking of Eyes Wide Shut, and thought this would be an interesting situation to throw Hermione and Lucius into. It may be too fast paced, too out of character, and just too easy, but I really just wanted to start off with a bang. It may or may not be a slow burn fic, but I'll leave that up to the reviews I get. Think of this as an exploratory chapter, and let me know what you think, and I'll decide if I want to run with it. The black parchment clutched in her hands had been there for almost five minutes. Her slender fingers shook as she ran them over the back of the envelope, over the wax seal that stood out against the stark color of the parchment. Inlaid in gold was a naked, winged man, Greek in style, who Hermione recognized as one of the Erotes, the gods of love and sexual desire. Had she really gotten this far? Was this really happening? She knew she should throw the envelope into the fireplace of her vast Diagon Alley flat, but something stayed her hand. After all, she'd felt the urge to get herself this far, why stop now? Holding her breath, the cracked the seal, and opened the letter. On the black parchment, written in gold, were a very few choicely scrawled words: 9 PM Tonight Cameron House, Loch Lomond Scotland Hermione let out the breath she had been holding. She had an hour to change her mind. And maybe that was why the group sent the location out so late—so people had less time to back out. But maybe she was projecting her own fears. And what had brought her to this point? Had life with Ron not been satisfying? She had lied to herself for years and said that yes, Ron was enough. Ron and she had been through hell together, and they were going to grow old together. But all of that had changed when he drunkenly slept with Romilda Vane. And Padme Patil. And even Pansy Parkinson. The last one had been enough for Hermione to boot him out of her flat for good. She had been naïve enough to forgive him for Romilda and Padme. At least they weren't the fanatical Slytherin type who thought people like Hermione were filthy. ( Moodblood , her mind projected, and quickly she stuffed the thought back down in her mind, chastising herself for allowing the word to surface.) Ron begged and pleaded, but with the support of Ginny, Luna, and even Harry (though he still remained friends with Ron), Hermione bucked up the courage and set out on her own. And there she was, at age twenty-one, most of her friends already married with children on the way, and she was on a list of people who met regularly for clandestine sexual encounters. Orgies , if she was being brutally honest with herself. The word made her scrunch her face up in mortification. Why had she let Parvati talk her into this? Her fellow Gryffindor classmate had been on the list for six months. Parvati joyfully rejected the standard in the Wizarding community of the United Kingdom that by the time you were twenty-one, you should be at least engaged to someone. Merlin forbid you be single, and daresay open to more than one sexual partner. So, with the stigma of monogamy, chastity and prudence permeating Wizarding society, the Erotes Society had been meeting for years. How long, Hermione had no idea. This wasn't exactly in her line of studies. She suspected there were a tome or two out there in someone's private library that gave a definitive history on the community. But as an upwardly mobile employee in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, everything in Hermione's body screamed at her. This could not be legal. Could it? She certainly had never encountered any laws saying otherwise. But her career could be seriously jeopardized by being found out, being seen in this society. That was enough for Hermione. She shook her head, and began tearing up the letter into smaller pieces, and as she cocked her hand back to chuck them into the fire, it blazed green with Floo fire, and Hermione stepped back in shock, clutching the wand that rested in her robes. Out of her fireplace stepped a robed, dark haired girl with a wry expression on her face. She too held an opened, black envelope. She tutted her disapproval when she saw the torn pieces of parchment in Hermione's hand. "I knew it," Parvati said, snatching the pieces from Hermione's hand, and tossing them into the fire for her. "I told you I'm making you go," she said, holding her own, un-torn letter in the air. "Parvati, this is stupid," Hermione said, turning away, and sitting on her plush, flax colored couch that stood out against the dark, hard wood floors. "This is desperate, it's…" "It's not desperate," Parvati said, walking to stand in front of her friend. "It's fun. It's sex. That's it." Hermione's face was impassive. Parvati sat next to Hermione, her black robes still drawn tightly around her. She reached out, and placed a hand on Hermione's knee, allowing Hermione a small peek below—Parvati leg was completely bare under the cloak. "Muggles don't live like we do. They're more… free about this kind of stuff," she said, shaking her head, and took her hand back to readjust her robe. "This group, Hermione, it's been meeting for years. And if it were so bad, do you think it wouldn't have been exposed years ago? It's just… you're young, you're free of Ron—" Hermione shot Parvati an incredulous look. "Ok, ok," Parvati conceded. "Not free from him, but… free to explore yourself, your life. Your sexuality. Hermione, seeing you that way after Ron left, it was heartbreaking." "I just don't think this is the answer," Hermione said, her face flushing with the thought of a stranger's hands on her, while at the same time bristling at the thought of someone else's hands on Ron. "It may not be the answer to your problem in the long run. But I think you should try it once. Then make up your mind." Parvati considered Hermione a moment. "Do you have a problem with this? I mean, from a personal standpoint? Or is it just the fear of what others expect of you?" Hermione chewed her lip a moment, and admitted in defeat, "the latter." Parvati's face lit up. "There! Then let's get you dressed." "Dressed?" Hermione asked, her voice filling with concern. "Yes, dummy, dressed." Parvati stood, and opened her robe to reveal black lingerie sumptuously wrapped around her brown skin. "You can't go there in your Muggle clothes. Or pretty much any clothes at all," she added with a wicked grin. "Parvati, I don't…" Hermione said, her face now completely hot. "I don't have that kind of stuff." Parvati began rifling through the interior pockets of her own black robe. "I know. That's why I got you this." Parvati pulled out a mess of straps and lace, and Hermione had no idea what it even was. Certainly not enough to cover her. "That!?" Hermione exclaimed, looking at the dusty, almost white-pink bits of lace Parvati held. "It will fit you, I promise. I bewitched it to," Parvati said, eyeing her handiwork. "But I think I do a fairly good job of picking out size, so it may not need it." Without a word, Parvati shuffled Hermione off the couch, and into her bedroom, where she started to tug at the hemline of her shirt. "I can dress myself, Parvati," Hermione said, defeatedly. "Not in this, you can't," Parvati said, holding up the nearly nude-colored undergarments. "Hermione. I lived with you for six years in the dormitories. There's nothing of yours I haven't seen, and I know there's nothing of mine you haven't seen." With reluctance, Hermione began shucking off pieces of clothing, and rifling through the small pile of lace on her bed. Parvati handed her one piece at a time, and helped her get into the pieces. They all fit her perfectly, not a pinch or pull anywhere, and felt like silk against her skin. When it was all said and done, and Parvati stepped back to look at her handiwork, she nodded her approval. Hermione's pale skin glowed against the blush lingerie, the bra, the garter, the panties, the nude stockings with the seam up the back. "This is a bit much, Parvati," Hermione said. "I look ridiculous." She wrapped her arms around her midsection. "No you don't," Parvati said dismissively, still looking Hermione over. "Now we have to do something about that hair. It's too recognizable if we don't do something about it. We only have about forty-five minutes before we have to Apparate onto the grounds." Hermione shook her head. "No, I think I'm just going to stay." Parvati set her mouth in a thin line, and grabbed Hermione's arms firmly. "Hermione, just try it once. I swear… this has been so liberating for me. Once a week, I do this, I get it out of my system, and I come home happy, content. My confidence at work is just through the roof. I won't say this is the only reason, but it helps." Hermione was still quiet. "Ok, I know you don't need anonymous sex to give you a confidence boost at work, but think of it this way. You can move on from Ron. In a safe, controlled environment. Everyone's very respectful of boundaries. The second you say no, they back off. It's really just… I don't know, Hermione, it's a very respectful, encouraging environment to be in. It's not as tawdry as I'm sure you think." Hermione's face softened a bit. Parvati continued, and decided to divulge one secret she kenw. "Neville goes." Hermione's eyes widened. "And you've seen how he's doing in Herbology. The Ministry is about to promote him to the head of the Herbology Research Department. You've seen the change in him. Haven't you ever wondered why he's doing so well?" Hermione blinked. "Parvati, I don't think I could ever have sex with Neville," she said flatly. Parvati laughed. "Don't think of it as the person you're having sex with. This is all about pleasure, sex… not about feeling or emotion. I think you'd know Neville if he came up to you, but you can always say no. It's your first time, anyway, someone else is bound to… speak up." Hermione shook her head. "Fine," she said, and Parvati jumped a little with happiness. Within the next half hour, Parvati had smoothed Hermione's hair straight so it laid flat across her back in brown cascades, with the help of a half a tub of Sleekeazy's Hair Potion. Without letting Hermione change her mind, Parvati quickly threw Hermione's cloak on over her, helped her into a pair of nude pumps, and affixed a partial mask to her face before putting the hood over her head. Parvati extended her hand, and Hermione took it. "Side-along Apparition. So we both show up at the same place, and same time." Parvati nodded assuringly. With the tell-tale pressing sensation over her entire body, Hermione soon landed steadily on thick, lush grass that was bathed deep emerald in the moonlight. She was back in Scotland, overlooking a lake, and a vast estate that cast its reflection in the pitch-black water. Other hooded figures were Apparating as well, and paid no mind to Parvati and Hermione. Nothing set them apart. Each of them were clad in dark robes, with partial masks over their eyes. Some talked casually to each other. Clearly, they weren't completely anonymous to each other. Hermione's stomach filled with ice at this thought, but knew that the cult of silence surrounding