Title: You Will Find Joy Author: Efia-an Rating: M Summary: This story is going to be in two or perhaps three parts (that's yet to be determined). As a whole, it is an epic tale covering hundreds of years, starting with Haldir's first visit to Mirkwood where he falls quite suddenly and deeply in love with Legolas. Can the prince return his feelings, despite his father's terrible homophobia? Or years later when war threatens will duty to Middle-earth and Legolas's unspoken feelings for Aragorn rip them apart? This story occurs before and concurrent to the events of The Lord of the Rings . This story contains SLASH. Pairings: Haldir/Legolas, Aragorn/Arwen, and implied Legolas/Aragorn in later chapters. Warnings: This story may contain some elements of AU as is needed for the story to flow, but it will follow the books and/or movies fairly closely. It also contains SLASH . If you have a problem with this, please push your back button now. That's why it was invented. You read this of your own free will (unless someone is holding you down and torturing you into submission; if that is the case, I suggest you have larger worries to deal with than my pairings). Also, while there is plenty of good and happy stuff in this story, I am but a slave to bittersweet or even occasionally tragic. Not all my work has one or both of these elements, but this particular story does. (But if you've seen the movies, you also should see some of what is coming! Blame Peter Jackson, not me, if you have a problem with Haldir's death!) If this does not appeal to you, I suggest you find some other story to read; I would argue, however, that this story does end happily (or bittersweetly, depending on your view). You have been warned. Disclaimer : While I wish I could claim any of The Lord of the Rings for my own, that is sadly not the case. I own none of the characters created by J.R.R. Tolkien. They are legally owned by Tolkien and his estate and to Peter Jackson, et al. A/N: This story overlaps with the timeline of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings . I've taken the liberty of combining elements of both the books and the movies to suit my needs, so please be aware of that. Primarily I follow the books, but Haldir and the elves do show up at Helm's Deep as in the movie. There may be some other minor adaptations, but that is the main one you must be aware of. One final note: Reviews are fine, whether they are of encouragement or constructive criticism (I am sure there are many of you who are much more familiar with these books and movies than I am; I will gladly accept any corrections of mistakes I may make), but NO FLAMES are allowed. I suggest that if you have nothing better to do with your life than to flame other people's work, you need a new hobby. They will not be welcomed here. And now, finally (and the crowds cheer), on to the story: It was a fine day for being out on the water. The sun was high in the cloudless sky above them and a slight breeze tickled the necks of the River Folk who were out enjoying the day. Déagol looked sunward and inhaled a deep breath of air, allowing it to fill his lungs and his entire body with a sense of well being. A perfect day. A day when the line between the possible and impossible seemed to vanish and only the limits of imagination would confine the extraordinary. Today was a day for adventures to happen, if they were to happen at all. Exhaling grandly, Déagol started to shout out to Sméagol on the shore but just then a rather strong tug on his fishing line surprised him. "Hey! Hey!" he called loudly. "I think I got one!" Looking up from his burrowing, Sméagol was just in time to see his friend pulled forcibly from the boat and with a large splash that sent water streaming up onto the shore, Déagol disappeared from sight. A bird chirped high overhead and the world seemed to pause, waiting for something to happen. A moment later he saw Déagol reemerge, his hand clenched in a fist. After swimming to shore, he crawled up on the bank and slowly opened his hand. Unable to see what it was that his companion had in his hand, Sméagol crept up behind his friend. A ring lay there, unmarked yet perfectly round and shining golden in the sun. It filled Sméagol's senses so that he felt fit to burst. An overpowering urge to claim that ring for himself came over him. " Give us that, Déagol, my love," Sméagol half-whispered in his ear, startling Déagol out of his reverence, for he had no thought of the existence of anything else but the ring. " Why?" asked Déagol defiantly. " Because it's my birthday, my love, and I wants it." " I don't care," replied Déagol. "I have given you a present already, more than I could afford. I found this, and I'm going to keep it." " Oh, are you indeed, my love," answered Sméagol with hauteur and loathing in his voice. Without thinking, without hesitation or remorse, he wrapped his long fingers around his friend's throat until he felt the life leave him. Prying open the protective fist that Déagol had once more clenched Sméagol took the ring. Caressing it lovingly he slipped it on his finger and disappeared from sight. 88888888888888888888888888 The sun rose unusually early and bright the morning Haldir of the Galadrim first arrived at the castle of Thranduil in Mirkwood. Long had he traveled, seeking news of his kindred. A shadow had fallen in the north and whispered stirrings of an Enemy had come to his people in Lothlórien. As one of the few of his kind who spoke the Common Tongue, he had been chosen by the Lord and Lady of the wood as one of only a half dozen to go abroad, bringing word of the outside world back to their land. With him traveled his two brothers Rúmil and Orophin who, while unfamiliar with the Common Tongue, were among the most trusted of Haldir's companions. By the time Haldir reached Mirkwood, he had been away from home for nearly a year, first traveling south through the Gap of Rohan and then north along the Greenway to learn of his kin in the north before heading east towards Rivendell. Rivendell had been a welcome reprieve from the road. The waters that ran through the land were cool and crisp, laughing merrily as they danced across the riverbed. The land was green and alive and a sense of deep contentedness could be felt in the trees. As much as Haldir enjoyed being out in the world, he embraced the cleansing that Rivendell afforded him. All the toils of the road and uneasiness of Eriador seemed to fall off him once he entered Elrond Half-elven's domain. There he found welcome surrounding him in the trees and coming up from the very earth beneath and sky above him. Elrond, too, was glad to see him, and his reception into his house was gladly received. Four months he stayed, renewing his friendship with Elrond and Arwen Evenstar. Long had it been since he had last seen Arwen; not since her visit to Lórien many years prior. Longer still was it that Haldir had seen Elrond, for as much as Haldir enjoyed visiting Rivendell, he enjoyed being with his own Galadhrim amidst the mallorn trees even more. Nothing tasted as sweet as one's own home, although visiting among long-absent friends was almost as rewarding. So when at last it came time to depart, he bid his friends a fond farewell with a promise to return soon. Haldir admitted freely to himself that perhaps the reason he tarried so long in Rivendell was less to do with spending time with his kin and more to do with a great deal of reluctance towards crossing over the mountain pass and into the less hospitable land of Mirkwood. For here orcs and giant spiders and other dark creatures lived which never entered his land. And while Haldir, marchwarden of Lothlórien, was indeed a seasoned warrior, he had no desire to encounter such foes with so few in his party. Additionally, he did not hope for warm reception into this land where his kindred were isolated in so dark a region. True to his suspicions, the first of the Mirkwood Elves that Haldir met were in fact on sentry duty. Upon recognizing their own, however, the guards' wary aggression soon turned to welcome. For this Haldir was deeply gratified, and upon learning of Haldir's journey the guards quickly arranged for an armed escort to take him and his two companions to the cavernous castle of Thranduil. There he had opportunity to wash the stain of travel away before coming before King Thranduil. "Welcome, Haldir of the Galadhrim." Thranduil greeted his guest formally. "It is a great honor that you grace us with your presence. I hope all is well with Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel as well as the rest of your people." Haldir bowed. "I thank you for your kind words of welcome and am pleased to inform you that all is well in Lórien. My Lord and Lady send their greetings to you as well." He replied in equal civility. "What brings you so far north to seek an audience with me?" questioned Thranduil. "Long has it been since we have received visitors from your fair land." Haldir smiled. "It is indeed too long since our people have sat together. And for this reason I have been sent: to learn of our kindred and hear news directly of these lands that hitherto have come to us only as rumors. I have traveled far, both in the land of Men and of Elves, to learn firsthand the fates of these peoples. There are whisperings of a great evil growing in the east and a shadow falling once again over Dol Guldur. It is time we reestablish the ties between our two lands and renew our friendship." At this, Thranduil dropped all courtly formalities. Clasping Haldir firmly on the shoulder he broke out into a sad yet hospitable smile. "Haldir, you are most welcome here. There is much indeed to discuss and I would hear you tell of your travels. But come. We will sit together and discuss many things in the coming days. Right now, however, feel free to relax from your journey. Our realm is open to you, though I would not stray far from this castle, especially at night and alone. But it is early yet; perhaps being new to this land you would like a tour?" Without waiting for a response Thranduil summoned an Elf who was standing in the corner. Introducing Haldir to his escort he said, "This is Meldiron. He would be pleased to take you through our land and to show you wherever else you would like to visit. You shall return this evening, however, for a welcoming feast for you and your companions." Haldir acknowledged this with a gracious bow and some wonder at this announcement. While he was a messenger of Lothlórien, he never expected to be treated with such novelty by his own kind. Not wanting to sound ungrateful, Haldir was careful choosing his next words. "My lord, we are most gratified by such a generous offer and we thank you for it. However, a feast is unnecessary. We come only to renew our ties with you and your people." Thranduil smiled at Haldir. "And what better way to start than a great banquet? I assure you, it will be a joyous time for all." Before Haldir could object, Thranduil pressed