Disclaimer: This is a little piece from a mere fan; all Lord of the Rings belongs to Tolkien, Peter Jackson, etc. Please don't sue me. A/N: This is a friendship fic only. It contains no slash. I have been struck for quite some time while watching the movies during Elrond's council how Legolas knows Aragorn and vice versa. I don't know enough about LotR to know if there's any back story to how the two met, so I wrote my own. I hope you enjoy. This relates in no way to my current WIP "You Will Find Joy" (which, for those of you wondering, I am, in fact, still working on; I hope to have a new chapter posted by the end of the weekend!). R&R if you so choose, but no flames please! ------------------------------------------------- "Estel!" Elrohir called after his young step-brother who was running out in the fields of Imladris. "Estel, wait!" It was an especially beautiful day; the sun was streaming warm upon the grass and the crystalline waters that flowed through the land seemed clearer and crisper for it. But the eight year old mortal named Estel took no notice of these details and continued running towards his favorite glen, shrieking in glad mirth. Hearing his name, Estel paused long enough to turn and see his older brother running towards him. After playing alone all morning, he was glad to have a playmate at last. Giggling he turned again and ran through the field of wildflowers, unmindful of their sting as they whipped around his body. "You'll never catch me!" Estel called over his shoulder, watching to make sure his brother was still chasing him. Elrohir sighed, then chuckled. For despite his duty to bring the child to Elrond, he could not help but laugh at the joyful exuberance Estel was reveling in. Not only that, but as it was a warm day, Estel had apparently decided the formality of clothing was unneeded and he was running through the fields wearing nothing but the clothes he was born in. Apparently shyness was not something the boy had difficulty overcoming and the image that he presented, streaking across the meadows like that, was one of great amusement. "Oh?" Elrohir responded playfully, "You don't think so, huh? Well, I'll show you!" As Estel saw his brother come running for him, he shrieked again and tore off in a new direction. But his little legs were no match for the long legs of the adult Elf who was chasing him and soon he found himself being tackled to the ground by a not even slightly out of breath Elrohir. Collapsing into peals of laughter, Estel stopped struggling against the much stronger Elf. "Oh Estel," sighed Elrohir sitting up, "look at you! You look like you've been scrounging in the dirt like some pig!" It was true. Looking at Estel, Elrohir saw that his nose and half his body was smeared in dirt and his hair was flying free from the leather restraint that formerly had been holding it back. It was also true that Estel did not seem to mind in the slightest. Still giggling, Estel squirmed in his brother's arms to put his face down in the dirt. Deliberately pushing against Elrohir's torso, he began to push along the ground. "Maybe you are a little pig, after all!" exclaimed Elrohir, seeing what his brother was playing at. Standing up, he grabbed Estel around the middle and pulled him up. "You know Ada will just love that!" "What Ada doesn't know won't hurt him," said Estel unremorseful, a playful gleam in his eyes. "And what doesn't Ada know, hmm?" asked Elrohir deliberately. Estel giggled again. "Oh Estel, we have to get you cleaned up. Don't you remember what today is?" "Um…" said Estel, stalling as he pretended to think. "My birthday?" "Silly boy," answered Elrohir, ruffling his hair, "You're birthday isn't for another six weeks, you know that." "Oh yeah, I forgot." The child's giggles indicated to Elrohir that he not forgotten but that he was just being silly. "Today Ada asked you to be ready and presentable for the arrival of King Thranduil and his party from Mirkwood." Looking again at the dirt smeared face, Elrohir tried brushing some of it off quite unsuccessfully. "He wanted to present a little gentleman, but I suppose you'll have to do. The guests have already arrived." Estel's eyes went wide as the laughter ran away from his face. "That's today ?" he asked. "Yes, and you're a mess!" Looking down at himself, Estel seemed finally aware of how filthy he had become. "Ada's gunna kill me," he said. "Yes he is," confirmed Elrohir. "You must be quick. Go wash up and for Valors' sakes, put some clothes on and be downstairs and ready to meet the guests in a few minutes' time!" "I don' wanna," grumbled Estel, but knowing his father, he knew that would not be an acceptable excuse. "You don't want to," said Elrohir correcting his grammar, "but you have to. Now scoot!" "Yes sir," sighed Estel, then ran back to his room to get dressed. A few minutes later Elrohir was much impressed to see an almost clean, presentable Estel standing by his father's side in the open-aired hall of greeting. If not for the smudge of dirt still aside Estel's nose, Elrohir would not have believed that he had been anything but prepared for this meeting all morning. "Thranduil my friend!" Elrond was proclaiming, opening his arms to embrace is long-time friend. "It is good indeed to see you again!" "And I you," responded the Mirkwood king warmly. "It has been a long time." Indicating the tall blonde Elf standing at his side he continued, "You remember my son Legolas?" "Yes, Legolas," greeted Elrond, "It is good to see you as well. I was wondering if you would be joining your father on this visit." "Indeed," said Legolas, "I could not pass up the opportunity to visit you, Lord Elrond, nor your enchanting daughter." Turning to Arwen, his eyes twinkling, he said, "Long has it been since I last laid eyes on you, but your beauty and warmth is never far from my heart. It is good to see you again, Arwen." "You too," smiled Arwen, glad to see her close friend again. Though many miles separated their lands, Arwen was happy to call Legolas brother. "And who is this?" asked Thranduil breaking in, motioning towards Estel. "Is this your son that you've told me so much about?" Elrond smiled slightly. Putting his arm around Estel he propelled the boy in front of him. "Yes, this is Estel." "It is nice to finally meet you," said Thranduil. "Your ada has written me many times to tell me about you." "Estel?" prompted Elrond when the boy did not immediately respond, but the boy still did not answer. Instead his eyes were still focused on Legolas and he did not seem to hear the conversation going on above his head. He was transfixed. "Estel?" Elrond asked again, trying to gain his son's attention. When still unsuccessful he looked at Thranduil. "I apologize for my son. It would seem the cat's got his tongue. I don't know why he's so quiet. He's usually quite the talker." "Hello Estel," said Legolas, crouching to Estel's eye level, "It's nice to meet you." Still staring at Legolas, Estel finally spoke. "Did Eru spin your hair out of gold?" The Elves gathered there chuckled, Legolas included. "Maybe, Estel, maybe," he said with a smile on his face. "The Valor love variety; many Elves have blonde hair like me." "I've never seen it before," said Estel. "It's pretty." A warmth stole over Legolas's heart. The simplicity of the child's statements were so sincere that although he had received many compliments before, this one seemed the most dear. "Thank you," he said. "I like it too." "Do you like to swim?" asked Estel. "That's enough, Estel," said Elrond, squeezing his shoulders slightly in warning. "I'm sure Legolas has other people he wants to speak with." Seeing the downtrodden look on Estel's face, Legolas glanced up at Elrond and swiftly answered, "No, it's okay. I don't mind." Redirecting his attention back to the boy in front of him he answered, "Yes, I like to swim." "So do I!" exclaimed Estel excited, breaking free from his unusual somberness. "My favorite spot is just over there. Can I show him, Ada?" "Not right now, Estel." "Oh please?" Estel groaned, pulling on his ada's arm and looking up at him with pleading eyes. "Maybe later. Right now Legolas is busy." "It's alright, Lord Elrond," Legolas interjected. "Actually, after a long day of travel a nice swim would feel wonderful. If it's okay by you, Ada." "If that's what you wish, Legolas," smiled Thranduil. "Yeah!" whooped Estel. Grabbing Legolas's hand, he started pulling him towards the river. "Come on Legolas! I'll show you." Throwing an apologetic look over his shoulder, Legolas ran after the quickly retreating form of Estel. "I'll be back before dinner," he called back to the Elves. Lord Elrond sighed. "I must apologize for young Estel. He is so eager and does not have the attention span he ought." Thranduil shook his head, smiling. "You need not apologize, Elrond. He is but a child; we cannot expect more from our children than they are able to give." "That is true," agreed Elrond, "and if I had forgotten that, Estel has been a remarkable teacher. He is a delight, when he's not getting into trouble, that is. Though I think I may have his two older brothers to thank for some of that mischief." Glancing towards Elladan and Elrohir, he noticed that the twins had the grace enough to look slightly embarrassed, even if he knew it was only an act. "Gee, Ada," Elladan answered, "I'm not entirely sure where you get that idea. We merely allow Estel to express his creative side." Elrond fought the distinctly uncharacteristic need to role his eyes. "Is that so," he answered dryly. "Absolutely!" exclaimed Elrohir in agreement. "Well then, there you have it!" pronounced Thranduil. "It would seem that the verdict is that Estel is acting according to his basic instincts as a child." Watching Estel pulling Legolas along in the distance, Elrond allowed a slight smile to play at his lips. "It would seem your son has a quite the new fan in my son," he observed. "Aye," said Thranduil, "and Legolas seems taken with him as well." "I just hope Estel doesn't try to monopolize all his time," Elrond said. "Once attached, he isn't likely to let go." "Reminds me of another Elfling not too long ago named Legolas," laughed Thranduil. "I think they will get along just fine." 888888888888888888888 "Legolas?" Estel questioned one morning as they lay on the banks of the river a few weeks later. It was another glorious day and Estel and Legolas were now cloud watching, having just spent the past few hours splashing merrily in the water. "Yes my little friend?" "Ada tells me one day I will grow up and I will have to change my name and become king of Gondor." Legolas propped himself up on one elbow to study his companion. Not knowing what prompted this statement he tried to ascertain the mood of the child, but Estel was gazing steadily into the sky, his features unreadable. Settling himself onto his back once again he fixed his eyes on the floating cumulous clouds above him. "Yes, I had heard that," he finally answered. "I don't want to." At this frank statement Legolas again looked over at his friend and saw the same steady determined gaze into the sky. Only this time did he see the little pointed chin tremble slightly, or was that his imagination? "Why not, Estel?" "I just want to be free always, like the Elves, and run and play and commune with the world around me. I do not