The Unexpected BPOV I didn't know why I did it. Actually, that's a lie I knew exactly why I was doing it. My best friend, Alice Brandon, convinced me to do it. And my goodness was I glad she convinced me to do it. The kiss was slow and sweet—then it started to get heated. His lips against mine were soft and warm. Our lips formed around each other fitting perfectly together. I tilted my head to the left to get a better angle. His right hand was on my cheek and his other on my hip. My left hand was at the nape of his neck in the back, while my other was keeping me balanced on his shoulder. I needed all the help I could get in these heels. I started off slightly on my tippy toes, but then I managed to pull his head down to my level. His back wasn't bent much, just slightly; after all, I wasn't that much shorter than he was. I never realized how amazing of a kisser Edward was. No actually, I've heard it from a few girls that he's dated; but the relationship never lasted long because the girl always ended up cheating on him. They only did it because he wouldn't divulge in the act of fortification. Why anyone would cheat on him because of that, I have no clue. Especially when that man you cheated on was Edward Masen. That's right. You heard correctly. I was kissing the Edward Masen. The very stereotypical dream guy of any girl—who's right in the mind, of course, not the ones that cheated on him—dream; and I was kissing him! Now I may sound like a fan girl, but that's only because you don't know him. He's the most unbelievable sweetest guy ever. And don't forget intelligent, handsome (but that's only right), athletic, nicest, gentlest but strongest guy in the world—and I might be exaggerating that a little bit, but who cares. And he's a momma's boy too! I fell for him the first time I saw him across the parking lot that first day. I've dated a few guys over the years I was at Forks High to get him out of my mind, but it just wasn't possible. I didn't really care all that much when they cheated and broke up with me. I was only really interested in Edward Masen. I broke off the kiss the same as it started, abruptly. "I've always wanted to do that," I gasped, using what little oxygen I was able to get in after the kiss broke. I looked up into his startling darker emerald eyes than the usual light, shining emerald green eyes I was used to. "Bye," I breathed, I gave a little wave and wiggled out of his hands, but you only know how bad I wanted to stay there, and started to walk away. I only got a foot away until a hand on my wrist brought me back to a warm, hard chest. I gasped again; this time for a whole other reason. Now you might be a little confused right now, so let me start from the beginning. Well, not all the way to the beginning—that would be a very long time ago—but to about a week ago. My very best friend, however controlling and demanding she could be, was Alice Brandon. And Alice thought it would be fun to drag me out graduation dress shopping, all accessories included. "Come on , Bella!" Alice shouted, jumping up and down. "If you don't hurry up I'll make you hurry up." She started to tug harder on my wrist that was in her little hands. "Oh, and what are you going to do? Pick me up and carry me?" I asked sarcastically. Like Alice could carry me, let alone pick me up. I snorted. She was 115 pound, 4'9" girl with semi-long black hair that went down to just below her shoulders. She was beautiful with the contrast her black hair made to her white porcelain doll skin. "No." She adopted the Chester Cat grin from Alice in Wonderland. "But I can call in reinforcements." "You're evil," I mumbled, while picking up my speed some. Alice's idea of reinforcements was calling her hubby as she called him, but in reality was Jasper Whitlock. What Jasper would do, is he would pick me up and throw me over his shoulder and carry me around to wherever Alice wanted to go with me that day. It wasn't an empty threat either. She's done it before. That was not a good day for my pride, or showing my butt off to the whole world, or anyone in the near vicinity to see. "I know," Alice tinkled. She kept on bouncing along the concrete, barely touching the ground before her other foot was in motion again and taking another step, just to have it repeated again. "Alice," I sighed. "How about we only take half the time it usually takes? Huh?" "It will take however long it will, Bella." I sighed, knowing it was no use. Fine. If that's the way she wanted to play it. "Oh my gosh , Alice," I gushed when we got to the first store. "I have got to have that dress!" I hadn't even looked at the dress until Alice squealed and started pulling me inside. Dang. Little girl got muscle. "Finally! You have a fashion sense! Little girls all grown up," Alice wiped a fake tear away in mock pride. I definitely looked at the dress this time. It was actually pretty cute. It was a simple cocktail dress with thin spaghetti straps holding up the bodice that consisted of a reddish-black color with thin black outlines of flowers—roses would be my guess—that went down to about my knees from the looks of it. It had a thin black fishers' net over the whole thing, with a blood red thick ribbon wrapped around under the bust and met at the left side and tied into a bow with a big, fake, round diamond at the center of it. It had a sweetheart neck line that dipped down in the middle ever so slightly. It was lovely. Alice squealed again. Her tug on my wrist started to hurt more. If I didn't start moving soon she was going to give me an Indian burn. Alice let go of my wrist when we were in the store and ran over to the racks behind the window with the dress displayed in it. "Bella! Come on! You have to try on the dress; it's going to look absolutely gorgeous on you!" Alice was vibrating with excitement. I hurried over to her and she hung the dress in front of me while examining it. Then she thrust it into my hands and started pushing me into one of the changing rooms in the back. "Hurry!" I rushed into the changing rooms and quickly threw the dress on, running my hands over it to flatten it out. I wouldn't want the back to be tucked into my underwear, now that would be embarrassing. When I stepped out of the room, Alice squealed again. The dress looked amazing on me; it flowed out a bit where the bottom half of the dress met the bottom part of the ribbon, and it actually gave me a figure. It ended right above my knees. "A pair of black heels would look amazing with that dress," Alice muttered to herself. I blanched. "What?! Alice," I hissed, "You can't be serious! I'll die wearing the heels." She just rolled her eyes, "No you won't. I know." She tapped her forehead. Now it was my turn to roll my eyes. It was our inside joke that Alice could "foretell" the future. I knew in the end she was going to win, so I just went along with it. Never bet against Alice. Alice forced me to get the dress, which I had no qualms over, and we went off to another store in search of her dress. Hours later, Alice and I were sitting at a little table in the court yard of the mall eating lunch. Alice was pouting over not finding her dress. "You'll find it, don't worry." "How do you know?" I shrugged my shoulders, not knowing how to explain. I could feel it in my bones that we were close. And then off to find the shoes. Yeah! ... Note the sarcasm. "Has Jasper gotten his suit yet?" Alice seemed to perk up at the thought of her hubby. "No. He can't get his until I find my dress so he'll know what color of vest to get." She pouted again. I picked up our trash and threw it away. "Well let's go find the dress then!" An hour later, we still had no luck in finding a dress and my feet were killing me. "Bella, Edward does like you. Just take a chance," Alice said for the millionth time. "How do know if he really likes me?" "Easy. Jasper." She shrugged. Edward and Jasper were on the same football team so they were the best of friends from day one. Day two, Alice snagged Jasper. They were a match made in heaven. "And you'll never know if it's true or not if you don't take the chance." I shook my head. I was terrified of rejection. "At least think about it. Graduations in a week, after that you won't even see him again. So what's the big deal?" "Rejection! I don't want to get rejected, Alice! What you have done if Jasper didn't want you? It would have hurt the way you look at yourself. You wouldn't feel as pretty—" "Oh, stop it, Bella." Alice chastised. "That's not going to happen. It didn't! And it's not going to happen with you either!" "Yes but how do you know this?" I stopped her before she could tap her forehead. "And don't say "I know"." I imitated tapping my forehead like she does with a knowing look on my face trying my best to match her expression when she does it. "Because!" "Because…" I trailed off, indicating for her to continue. "Because I believe Jasper wouldn't lie to me, and you should too." She said it with so much conviction and truth I almost believed her. "Alice," I said sadly, "It's not going to happen." "Yes. It. Is. Now you listen here, Isabella Marie Swan, and you listen well. Edward Masen likes you, and you are going to express how much you like him too." Alice got a mischievous glint in her eyes, one that I knew all too well. Uh-oh. I was in trouble now. Of course, being Alice Brandon, she had a plan, and a divine one at that. A few minutes later we finally struck gold. "Look!" Alice yelled. A few people in the near vicinity that heard looked toward us, and I immediately blushed and looked down. Alice grabbed my wrist again, and started tugging me toward a little boutique at the other end of the mall corridor. When we got all the way down there, she was bouncing up and down on the spot pointing to a strapless lace aquamarine-green dress that came down unevenly at some ends, like Tinkerbelle but in layers, that looked like it would end to about right above her knees like my dress. It had a wide range of black lace around the midsection of the dress with a black ribbon tied in a bow at the front of the dress in the center of the black lace. It screamed Alice; there was no doubt about that. We rushed inside the store, Alice almost sprinting in, and she grabbed the dress off the rack and grabbed one her size. We asked where the changing rooms were and Alice scurried to try on the dress. When she came out, she looked like Tinkerbelle but without