Author's Note: I wrote this chapter years ago. I still can't believe how proud I am of it, despite how long ago I wrote it. Certainly before Blood of Olympus came out (in fact, most of my ideas for this fic are from before BoO), and right around the time of House of Hades, I decided to just write . What I produced was a few long chapters. In the next few months, I hope to add to them, round them out, and post them here. Chapter 1 - Acts of Love or " Bad Blood" (A Somber Event) "Are you coming?" Percy said as he held out his hand to Annabeth. Sitting in the chair in front of the remains of cabin six, she looked up at the dark haired son of Poseidon. Her hair was frizzy and everywhere, she had splatters of mud and blood on her cheek and neck, and her eyes looked broken. Their stormy grey color looked so unlike her; their sadness blended into the rubble of the cabins around them. "You should go without me," she said, rejecting his hand. "I'm not hungry." Ever patient, Percy squatted down next to her, and took her hand that was resting on the side of the plastic lawn chair. Annabeth had brought it down from the Big House earlier that day, and set it among the scorched bricks and wood that were trashed in battle. No cabins were spared, and everything was a smoking mess. Still, she insisted in sitting among the ash and dirt for hours alone, rejecting all company around her, save for Percy. "Wise Girl, you know you gotta eat, right? You can't stay here all day." But Percy gave her hand a squeeze and headed off to the pavilion where half-bloods, satyrs, and magical folk all gathered for supper. It was a somber event, and everyone ate quietly. Percy sat between Piper and Hazel, who were both looking down at their plates as if studying them. He felt the sincere obligation to sit next to Hazel out of guiltiness and utter frustration (with himself). It was really the least he could do… Next to Piper was Jason, and he kept opening his mouth like he was going to say something, then closing it again as he thought better of it. His sandy blonde eyebrows were furrowed throughout the meal, and he didn't make eye contact once with Percy. Hazel kept to herself, quietly nibbling her way through a roll, though Percy could tell she wasn't hungry at all. Her efforts were for Nico's sake; hoping her behavior would rub off on him. He sat next to her and was hardly touching his food. His eyes were sullen like Annabeth's, though more hollow and less red. Rachel sat next to Grover and across the table from Percy. After chewing a bite of her pasta, she asked, "Where's Annabeth?" Because of the complete lack of conversation, everyone turned their heads up to look at her. But she was asking Percy, and her eyes stayed trained on him. He cleared his throat. "Um, she said she wasn't hungry," he tried, but the redhead didn't drop her gaze. "Should I have forced her to come?" Rachel sighed. "I don't know. She may want time alone before the funeral…but I feel bad about us just leaving her. I'll try to talk to her tonight." "No, that's okay," Percy cut in immediately, standing up from his bench at the table. "I'll go get her right now. I think I should do it." Rachel nodded, understanding, and Percy left to go find her, only squeezing Hazel's shoulder for a moment before he left. (Nothing Left) Percy didn't go far before he found her. Annabeth was heading up the path to the Big House, away from the direction of the demolished cabins. In tow was her navy blue backpack around her shoulders and White Sox baseball hat clutched in her hands. As Percy jogged up to her, she raised his eyebrows at him. "Can I escort you to dinner?" he asked through breathing. "I'm just claiming a spot for my bedroll in the Big House," Annabeth mumbled. The light outside was darkening, so she kept walking briskly towards her destination. "Oh, uh, good idea," he said, trying to find the words. "It could be awhile until we get the cabins fixed up." They were walking side by side, but she stopped next to him. He turned around to face her, and his hand met hers midair. "Percy I have something to tell you." I know , he thought. It's been on your mind all day. "I'm listening." A beat. "I need to leave." Percy was quiet, waiting for her to say more, but all he heard was the clinking of dishes as dinner cleared coming from the nearby pavilion. "Huh?" was all he was able to articulate. "After the funeral, I need to leave." Her grey eyes searched his, looking for hints of betrayal or distrust that she could have caused. Instead, she only saw fog. "Where will you go?" he stuttered, not really understanding. "Things have been…hard," she began. "On all of us. Yesterday, we watched our friends die…tomorrow, we have to bury them. I'm physically and emotionally spent. It's not that I don't want to keep living this life, but it's so demanding . I need a break from it all, and…I miss my family." Before Percy interrupted her, she clarified. "My real family. My dad and stepmom and my brothers. I want a high school diploma, and it's not too late." Her eyes were brimmed with tears, and worry was clearly etched out on her face. "I just got off the phone with my dad. I'm leaving in two days." She waited patiently as her words sunk in for Percy. "You can't just up and go…" he started, trying to find some flaw in her justification. "Percy, we all grieve in different ways. I've had enough of fighting monsters for a long time, and while I'm not giving that up completely, I want to have a life. I want to be able to get a job if the need arises. I can't be tied down here, to this place, when all that I'll be able to remember are the bad memories." His gut wrenched, his heart tumbled. "You're saying you think we should try a long distance relationship?" Percy inquired in nothing more than a whisper. He swore he could have seen her heart break in that moment, but he blinked and the look on her face was stone cold. "Um, no," she started, then sighed. "I'm saying…maybe we should call things off for a bit." If Percy was confused earlier, he was absolutely baffled now. He couldn't stop his blood turning to ice in his veins, his head was dizzy, he couldn't think clearly. "Right now I just need a friend," she continued. "And maybe after some time, things will be different. I need to get away from all of this. I have to be at peace with myself before I date anyone, including you. My life has been non-stop training for ten years….We just faced our biggest challenge yet. I have to be ready for anything else that comes our way." "Will you come back to camp?" "Of course," she answered quickly. "I can't erase this part of my life forever. And you…you're a big part of my life. I don't want you out of it…I'd never want you gone. I just can't be in a relationship right now." "Right now? You mean it could happen later?" Percy's hopeful tone was tangible, as was his sadness. Annabeth took her time to say, "Maybe. I just want to get through school. If I take some extra online classes, I already have enough credits to graduate early. I want your understanding and support, but I also want space. And…I need to make sure I'm not with you because I need you, but because I love you." His sadness was replaced with anger. Some campers started to approach, but one look at the scene told them they needed their privacy. "You think that being away from me will help you come to that conclusion?" His hands were clenched in fists, digging his fingernails into his flesh. "No," she shook her head. "No, Percy. I don't want you out of my life. I just can't do 'couple' things anymore." Percy furrowed his eyebrows. "So that's it?" "Well who else would have a say in the matter?" she asked. "This is just between us." "I just thought you would talk to me about it before you fly across the—" "You're my boyfriend, not my husband. I don't need to consult you." The moment the words left her mouth, Annabeth regretted them. She bit down on her tongue, her cheek, anything to stop the tears from coming. She couldn't break down now, not when she was trying so hard to be strong. "You're right," Percy said in a clipped voice. He dropped her hand. "Come on, let's find you a place to sleep." Without looking or speaking, they walked into the large blue house, and only the sound of their sneakers on gravel could be heard. There was no campfire after dinner, no games or fun, not a single person laughed. Everyone knew someone who had died. Everyone had something on their mind. Not only had Greeks fallen in battle, but Romans were killed as well, leaving all of the purple and orange clad children in an emotional state unfit for any summer camp. At dark, they all piled into the Big House. There was enough room for everyone to sleep on the ground. Though cramped, nobody minded the closeness. It was hard to be alone in a situation like theirs. Greeks and Romans were mostly intermingled, though the first and third floors were reserved for girls, and the second and fourth were for the guys. Percy avoided conversation with everyone. He found some spare ground on the fourth floor, near the room in the attic where the oracle used to reside. He shoved it out of his brain, sick of prophecies, and forced himself to go to sleep. (After the Funeral) Jason's hands were stuffed in his windbreaker, and he paced up and down the rows of strawberries. "I'm sick of it all, already," Jason said. He kicked his heels and rows in the dirt and grass, thinking it would make him feel better. It didn't. Though unsatisfying, he continued to repeat the manner. "I hate funerals. I hate burning our friend's bodies and talking about how great they were because none of that matters anymore. What matters is we couldn't save them." All Percy could do was nod. He didn't need to say anything, he agreed with everything Jason was saying. "We talked about their lives today for us. It's our coping mechanism, but it doesn't even make sense. We all fought with them. We all know the extraordinary things Frank did. Dakota, Clarisse, Travis. Everyone else. I can't even name them all, there's too many. It doesn't make sense," he said again. "There's too many. Why them instead of others?" The front of his shoe was caked with mud now. "Come on," Percy said, trying to get him to stop and come out of the rows of strawberries. He touched Jason's elbow, and he spun around. His eyes were red, and thin tears were in the corners of his eyes. Jason was doing his best not to cry and break down, but was having little success. "Are you okay?" he asked the blond. Jason grimaced. "How do you stay so emotionless about it all?" he asked, curious contempt in his tone. "Believe me," Percy said in disbelief. "I'm not emotionless. I've just…there's a lot on my mind. I can't stop blaming myself for everyone. My mom was a wreck, today. They couldn't let her come to the funeral, so