Hermione was disoriented. She was laying down, face against the ground. Her foot had hit some roots. She groaned as she got up on her hands and knees and looked around. She couldn't see anything, or anyone. She had lost Harry and Ron. She was alone. She stood up straight and pulled out her wand. "Lumos" Okay, so she was alone in a dark and creepy forest while some muggle haters were running around. She would be safer with other people. She took a deep breath, Gryffindored up and started to walk. A foot in front of the other she started slowly but every noise, every shadow, could be a threat so she started to go faster. A twig broke. She swirled around, wand raised. She blinked a few times. She could have sworn she had seen electric blue eyes shine in the dark. There was another sound and she started to run, until she hit something that wasn't there before. Someone. She was once again on the floor, this time on her butt. A shifty man was in front of her, still standing. He did a weird thing with his lips, or so it seemed, her wand was on the floor a few feet away. He had crazy eyes has he raised his wand. As soon as he started to move she did too, going for her wand. She reached it and turned but as soon as she did a light blasted the man away. She stood up and jumped as someone came towards her again. In the shade she saw long blonde hair, she couldn't see the woman's face, in an instant a warm hand grabbed her wand wielding hand and started to pull. Hermione tried to resist but it was worthless. The woman took her wand and whispered "Nox" The brunette didn't know what to think. She was pretty sure this woman had saved her from the scary man. Why did she take her wand and turned off the only light they had? Was she even safe? She felt her wand being pushed back into her hand. She didn't understand. After a second she could see something, it was like the woman's eyes were glowing. Beautiful blue eyes. She doesn't know how long she looked into those eyes before she opened her mouth but couldn't speak has her arm was grabbed and she was being pulled behind her savior. "Who…who are you? Where are you taking me?" She didn't get any reply so she tried again. "Who are you?" "Shhhh. People can't spot your light anymore, don't let them hear your voice" At least Hermione was starting to understand some of the woman's behavior. She couldn't help but wonder what kind of spell was being used to be able to see in the dark. They stopped as a light appeared in the sky, it turned into a skull. "The dark mark" Muttered the brunette this wasn't good. Suddenly there wasn't a sound in the forest. No more scream coming from the camps. It was deadly quiet until lights appeared and voices. The blonde woman pulled Hermione completely behind her as they slowly walked closer to the voices. Hermione frowned. She knew some of these voices. She peeked around the body in front of her and exclaimed. "Harry! Ron!" Before running to join her friends. She froze as dozens of wands were suddenly pointed at her. She couldn't help but look over her shoulder, searching for her mysterious woman as she was in trouble. She was gone. Mr. Weasley stepped in immediately just as Amos Diggory joined them, a stupefied Winky in his arms. If there was one thing Hermione Granger didn't like was not understanding. She had searched and searched. There was no spell that could make you see in the dark. There was glasses and other similar enchanted objects, but nothing that could have a direct effect on the eyes. It had been tried but no one ever manage it, the idea was given up after a few accidents, people becoming blind or exploding eyeballs. She was sitting in the library annoyed. It was not a spell. Next possibility was that the girl wasn't completely human. That didn't take her anywhere either. All the creatures listed as being able to see in the dark never looked even humanoid. She had seen a woman, she had no doubt about that. To add to that problem the school was hosting a stupid competition. The triwizard tournament, a competition between schools, just what she needed to distract her from school. She groaned. They were arriving today and…she had potion that afternoon, her eyes grew wide, she couldn't be late. A few hours later the whole school was waiting outside and their guests were late. It was bloody cold and Hermione had better things to do than stand there. Finally something was appeared in the sky. It was getting closer. She had read a few things about the other schools, which was pretty much nothing, they were so secretive. Hermione didn't pay that much attention to the very tall woman and students who got out the carriage, the carriage was amazing and the abraxans… Not so long after the French, Durmstrang arrived in a boat and Ron became even more annoying than usual, just because of a quidditch player. Hermione rolled her eyes on the way to the welcoming feast. At least she wouldn't be so cold and eat something. But things didn't get better. Ron was eating like a pig, as usual, but he was talking nonstop about Krum and then he saw the pretty girls from Beauxbatons, like the other boys… She was trying to ignore them and talk to Ginny. When everyone around her stopped talking. She looked up and found a very beautiful blonde, the one who had laughed when Dumbeldore talked about having a good time, in her blue uniforms a small smile still on her lips. The muggle born already didn't like her. Although there was something strange, Hermione couldn't help but feel like the blonde was looking right at her, into her. She couldn't help but think about her stranger as she looked into pale blue eyes. She was brought back to reality when she heard her voice. "Excuse me, are you wanting the bouillabaisse?" Hermione was pretty sure she opened he mouth but nothing came out. She could see Ron turn pink next to Harry. It was him who replied. "Yeah, have it" Said Harry. "You have finished with it? Asked the blonde again. Hermione was sure she was paranoid. The beautiful girl in front of her couldn't be just looking at her. "Yeah" Ron said breathlessly "Yeah, it was excellent" That was it. She had to be sick. Even a very purple Ron was able to answer when she was left dumbstruck. She just watched as the blonde took the bouillabaisse and walked back to the Ravenclaw table. Hermione's anger was growing. "She's a Veela!" Exclaimed Ron. That did it. "Of course she isn't! I don't see anyone else gaping like an idiot!" Ding ding ding! Hermione knew she was being a hypocrite, but it felt good to yell at Ron while being frustrated. She was used to it. She would never admit either that it wasn't so stupid. It could explain why she was being weird. Back to the library, she'd look into her savior later. It was more important to know why she was acting like…Ron. Everything happened so fast, people entering their name into the goblet of fire. Some people were ready to do pretty much anything for glory and money. Though Hermione had to admit she was very competitive too, she hoped Angelina would be picked. Cedric Diggory would do too, he was good looking and it would annoy Ron to no end. No one was really paying attention to the delicious food they were eating. They were all waiting for Dumbeldore to finish and announce the schools champions. Finally, the hall was quiet as the headmaster announced the first champion. "The champion for Dumstrang…will be Viktor Krum" There was a storm of applause. He was popular and everyone expected him to be chosen. The second piece of parchment shot out of the goblet, propelled by the flames. "The champion for Beauxbatons…is Fleur Delacour!" Without thinking about it Hermione repeated the name. Fleur Delacour. She liked the way it rolled on her tongue. She had a name to go with the beautiful somewhat arrogant French girl. Fleur. She was surprised to see that the French were not so supportive. Most of them seemed so disappointed, some girls were even crying. Most boys were slowly clapping though, with a few girls. The last piece of paper appeared. "The Hogwarts champion…is Cedric Diggor!" Hermione plugged her ears, the uproar from the Hufflepuff table was too loud. At least she couldn't hear Ron complain, which what she could see him do. She couldn't help but smirk before whooping to antagonize her friend. They were all having fun until everyone stopped and started to whisper. The goblet's flame was glowing red again, but each school had a champion. Another long flame suddenly shot out, carrying a piece of paper in the air. The hall was deadly quiet as Dumbledore grabbed it and read it once, then repeated it louder. "Harry potter…" The brunette did like everyone else in the room and stared at the boy who lived. She could see he was like frozen, she pushed him towards Dumbledore who was calling him and followed him with her eyes until he disappeared. She knew Dumbledore tried to calm them but it didn't really work. The hall was buzzing with that strange news. Harry Potter a fourth champion? Hermione slammed her book shut and made a sorry sign as she saw Madame Pince glared at her. Harry jumped next to her. She forgot sometimes that he was most of the time with her since Ron wouldn't speak to him. He was still working on his Summoning Charms. "Homework trouble?" "No, I've been looking for something that I can't seem to find" "Do you need any help?" Tried her friend. "Good try. You really need to master the Summoning Charms" "I'm not going to get it by just staring at these pages. I need a break. I think I'll visit Hagrid" Said Harry as he got up. Hermione just nodded as she opened another book. Maybe she'd finally find something concrete about Veelas, other than basic knowledge before explaining they were a very secretive kind. She needed a break too, even more so with Krum's fan club coming in. She closer her book and put it in her bag with a sigh. It was double potion later and her two best friends still refused to speak to each other. She was lost in her own mind when she collided something soft. Butt on the floor, surrounded by her books she realized she had hit someone, dressed in blue, a Beauxbatons student. Hermione groaned as she realized, still standing in front of her as poised as ever was Fleur Delacour. She was surprised that the blonde didn't sneer or complain like she had seen her so many times around the castle. She excused herself and put out her hand to help the young gryffindor. "I'm sorry. Are you okay?" In daze, Hermione grabbed her hand and was pulled to her feet and found herself standing very close to the blonde. Even up close she was perfect. Hermione took a step back. "No. I am sorry. I wasn't paying attention to where I was going" "I wasn't either. So I guess we are both sorry" Fleur smiled with perfect teeth. Hermione couldn't help herself and passed her tongue on her big front teeth, self-conscious. The brunette looked at the floor as spoke. "It's okay then" She didn't feel like a brave Gryffindor then, she just wanted to run and had no idea why. Head still