Hi all! Here's just a new fanfic I've been working on for a while now, I hope you enjoy. The story has been changed slightly to fit the purpose of my rewriting of it, I hope you don't mind. I know it's over-said a lot, but this is not a Mary-Sue fic. If you've read my other stories, you'll know that I like writing O.C's, so I hope this one doesn't disappoint. I try to make them as dynamic as possible and they develop over time. Please feel free to correct me or criticize me as much as you want if I don't do the original characters justice or even if you think my character should be different. In fact, I encourage you to do so! So yeah, send me a review or a message and I'll do my best to do whatever you guys want! Now, to the story! Natures Emissary - Chapter I I wasn't sure exactly who I was, and I wasn't sure exactly where I was, but I sure as hell knew that I didn't belong here. 'Here' was a clearing in the middle-of-fucking-nowhere forest with twigs in my hair, some kind of pinecone sticking out of my ass, a killer headache and the strange sensation of being watched. The clearing was only small, a few meters in diameter before the thick trunks of the countless pine trees that surrounded me interrupted the circle of grass. It was eerily quiet, and I knew for some reason I wasn't used to that kind of silence, though I knew not what I was used to. The sun was directly above my head and I welcomed its warmth as a cool gust of air buffeted me. As the air whipped my rusty orange hair about my head in long tangled curls, I realized a startling and, quite frankly, bloody scary as hell detail about the situation I was in – I was buck-naked. "Well fuck," I said to no one in particular. Probably myself, but that was the first sign of insanity, and I wasn't ready to face that truth just yet. Lost, naked and alone. It sounded like the beginning of a porno. I laughed at myself out of pity and denial. Maybe if I pretended this was a dream or a figment of my overactive imagination everything would disappear. I waited a few seconds. No such luck. It was cold as hell so I stood and tried to decide which direction to walk in. I took a left and began my journey into the forest. As soon as I stepped into the shade of the canopy, I regretted my decision. Without the sun it was even more freezing, if that were possible. I held my boobs with my arms and tucked my hands in my armpits to try to recapture any lost warmth. My feet began to move again and I trudged along at a slow pace, trying to avoid (unsuccessfully) the branches and twigs that were waiting to smack me in the head. I couldn't tell how long I spent walking, it was hard to tell without a watch or even a glimpse of the sun through the heavily leaved trees, but it felt like forever. Eventually, I heard the sound of running water and turned towards it, my mouth salivating at the thought of quenching my thirst. I came to a small stream, barely trickling a meager amount of water, but enough for me to get several grateful mouthfuls. Unfortunately, it seemed I wasn't used to drinking directly from streams and my boobs dipped in the water in my haste to drink. It was so unpleasant a sensation that I fell backwards on my very-bare ass and shrieked at the frozen water. This was not going very well. A horn blew in the distance, low and long. After a few moments pause, it blew once more. It freaked me out more than I cared to admit and the situation sunk in further. This wasn't just some weird one-off event; this was some fucked-up shit happening to me. I wasn't just naked in a forest. I was naked in forest with other people or things in there too. What did the horn mean? I crawled towards the nearest tree and huddled against the trunk, wrapping my arms awkwardly around my legs. I rifled around on the ground in amongst a pile of leaves until my fingers closed on a thick-ish branch tapered to a point. It was blunt, but it would have to do. I waited there, waited for what, I didn't know. Maybe a cue, some sort of sign that the horn didn't mean anything. After a while though, the horn blew once more but much further off, nowhere near my position it seemed. I shook my head and realized how stupid I must look huddled naked in a forest holding a stick like some sort of sword. I was preparing to get up and possibly find some shelter before nightfall when I heard a faint rumbling noise. It was low, very low at first, almost imperceptible. But it grew louder, and as it did I held onto my branch like a lifeline, curling further into my protective ball, scared as shit. I shut my eyes tight in an effort to block it out. The rumbling grew so loud after a while that it seemed like it was all around me, the ground shaking like an earthquake. Shouts and calls, whistles and snorts assaulted my ears as the rumbling finally came to a halt and the ground below me finally stilled of its trembling. "This is no orc," commented a voice. "This is a human." I tried to be as still as possible, hoping against hope that whoever these people were would lose interest and move on with their strange rumbling noise. "Is he alive?" another voice queried. I trembled. "Yes, I believe so. It seems to be moving, as though scared." I couldn't believe these people were talking about me as though I were some sort of animal. What were they going to do to me? "We can't leave him here. Perhaps he will tell us where the orcs are." There was a sliding noise and a thud before footsteps approached me. I decided now was probably a good time to see what was before me. I opened my eyes and raised my head, not knowing what to expect. Before me, a host of cavalry stood. Dozens of gleaming white horses shifted restlessly from foot to foot, snorting and whinnying as their owners sat proud upon them. Each rider wore golden armor, glittering though there was no direct sunlight. They looked curiously similar; long braided hair, handsome features, light skin and pointed ears. They wore stern expressions, and most were more interested in their horses or the forest around them than me sitting naked before them. Others were looking at me unabashed, no hint of the utter embarrassment I felt inside. They were all male. The man who made his way towards me was very tall and well muscled, with golden hair and a circlet upon his brow. He wore a green tunic underneath his ornate golden armor and held a hand out to me. "Greetings," he spoke softly, "My friend, we are in search of a pack of orcs. If you would be so kind as to point us the way we will be more than happy to supply you with clothing and food." His light blue eyes regarded me with curiosity and kindness. I looked down at his outstretched hand, wondering if it would be more embarrassing or less if I took it and stood. I was a little insecure about my shape, being curvaceous, but I knew there was no room for insecurities when you had no clothes. "It is a hand extended in friendship, I assure you. There is no need to be suspicious." I could hear faint amusement in his tone. I grasped his cool hand firmly and allowed him to help me stand. There was a strange murmur of shock in the gathered men and I saw more than a few eyes widen as they saw me. I frowned, intensely uncomfortable. The man who stood before me let out a gasp of shock and quickly unfastened his cloak before wrapping it around my shoulders hurriedly. "My lady, I apologise greatly. I did not realize." The man spoke with agonizing embarrassment. I almost felt sorry for him. "Please, we will take you back to Rivendell and help you." "I'm sorry," I spoke after I got over the shock, feeling very strange at having been addressed so formally. "I have no idea what you're talking about. But goddamn I need food and clothes please." He eyed me curiously and I made a mental note to try and speak more like him in the future. I huddled into the dark green cloak, tightly wrapping it around me. Thankfully it was thick and easily covered my body from the rest of the party. I was lead by the man who had given me his cloak and another from the cavalry on foot. The rest of the cavalry departed the other way after some words were exchanged in a strange language. We wove in and out of the trees, the two men easily as though this were just your average afternoon activity, and me as though I were just beginning to figure out how legs worked. To say that I fell a lot would be a dramatic understatement. I had no fucking clue where we were, but they seemed to know exactly what they were doing and I had no choice but to trust in these strange, tall, fair people with really pointy ears. I mean really pointy. Like, can-poke-your-eye-out pointy. Who were these people? As they walked and I stumbled along, the cloak-man began to speak once more. "If I may ask, what is your name?" I racked my brain to try and come up with the answer to that question, but nothing came to me. "I… I don't know." He gave me a peculiar look. "You do not remember? That is very strange. Where are you from?" "I don't know." "Why are you here?" "I don't know." "How did you get here?" "I don't know." He gave me a suspicious stare. "You don't seem to know very much at all." I was getting even more uncomfortable as the seconds ticked by. "Who are you?" I asked. It was my turn. "I am Legolas Greenleaf, son of Thranduil and Prince of the Woodland Realms." He stated proudly, watching me for some sort of reaction. Maybe he was expecting a bow or something, but I had a hard time processing his name. "So… can I just call you Legolas?" I asked meekly. "If you wish," he replied simply, long legs striding fast through the undergrowth. I hurried to catch up. I began to tire very quickly and I wondered when I had last eaten. The sun was sinking lower and lower and I grew scared that night would come and the cloak that seemed magically warm despite the cool weather would not stave off the cold much longer. "What shall I call you?" Legolas asked after a length of time, seemingly continuing the conversation from earlier as though we had spoken only moments ago, though it had been more than an hour ago. "I don't know-" I started, trying to think. What was a good name? "That is a strange name to pick, but you do seem to say it a lot." Legolas said with a smile. I realized he was making a joke after a moment and gave a snort of laughter. "What should I be called?" I asked after a moment. I couldn't think of anything suitable. "You're eyes; they are an emerald green, quite beautiful. They remind me of the forest at my home in summer, light and glittering in