Looking back now, I can only attribute it to a moment of being shocked into complete and utter silence. Clove had been pissing me off deluxe as she pouted in front of the mirror in the girls locker room, coating her lips in the cherry chapstick I know she favoured. I hated it, especially because I sat next to Cato in Biology, and he forever smelt like it from their ridiculous make-out sessions. As per her usual MO, she was making fun of everyone while we were changing following a soccer game - Delly should go on a diet (that comment alone made me want to rip out Clove's hair), Madge obviously wasn't a real blonde, Annie could do with a nose job. Normally Clove didn't pay me a single lick of attention, and vice versa, and we were both perfectly fine with that. But today for some reason, I was on her hit list, and the words that fell out of her mouth next dumbfounded me. " She's no more pure than any of us. I heard she skipped town over the weekend to catch up with Hawthorne so they could finally bone." And despite the fact that I could have easily protested it, because I'd been in the woods all weekend, practicing my archery and swimming in the lake, my throat had closed up and the absolute ludicrousness of the comment had me frozen. Then the moment to proclaim its falseness had passed me by, the eyes of those around me had widened in response, and the whispers had begun. I'd missed my chance. And in the end, that missed chance set the rest of my school year up in a way I never imagined. "Catnip, what the fuck?" I can hear the incredulity in Gale's tone even through the phone, and I roll my eyes. "You heard me, Gale," I sigh, flopping backwards onto my bed. The springs creak noisily - I desperately need a new mattress, but my mom's wages barely cover the essentials - and I wince, hoping the sound hasn't woken Prim through the thin wall that separates us. He scoffs. "I know I heard you. I can't believe it, though." "Yeah, well you try and deal with the garbage that goes on in that locker room." "I spent 4 years at that school, and I guarantee you what happens in the guys locker room is even worse. I saw more swinging junk during that time than I thought possible." I wrinkle my nose, can't help the blush that creeps across my cheeks. Considering our conversation, a simple reference to the male anatomy shouldn't embarrass me. But that's exactly what it does. I was pure in every sense of the word, and it aggravated me that Clove was trying to insinuate otherwise. Even if I absolutely hated the word pure anyway. "But I can't believe you didn't correct her." I chew on my bottom lip guiltily. "Gale, I would have. It's just I was...in shock or something." The night after Clove's announcement in the locker room, I'd called Gale, my best friend since we'd been 13 and 15 respectively. Our dad's had worked together at the local cannery, and when an explosion there had taken their lives, our mothers had connected our families in their grief. And until Gale had left for university 18 months earlier, we'd basically been inseparable - so much so, it seems, that people had been suspicious of us. Prior to Clove's comment, I'd been oblivious to it. "So instead of correcting her, you decided to let everyone in your gym class believe we slept together." I wince, knowing how ridiculous it sounds. It would be like sleeping with my brother. "I didn't mean to, you know. She hardly gave me a chance to defend myself before I heard the ' oh my god's' and the ' I should have known's '. Everyone in that locker room suddenly became the Virgin Mary and I was some 17 year old prostitute." I can hear Gale snort back a laugh down the phone line, followed by a loud banging from his end. "Ah, Catnip, I gotta go. Thom's here, and I've got class in ten. Just...make sure our mom's don't find out about this. Even though it's not true, Alice will go nuts." "Hazel will more," I retort. "And anyway, I'll make sure they won't. The last thing I want is either of them to think that happened. Because gross ." But they find out anyway. Somehow, within a couple of days, the entire school knows. Our families know. My mom gives me a repeat of the sex talk I'd sat through in absolute horror at 15, even though I refute the rumour until I'm out of breath. Apparently our friendship had caused suspicion from her too, and the word from some snotty bitch from my school was more reliable than my own. Kids snicker behind their hands at me as I walk home from school, and even Madge seems prickly with me when we eat lunch. Delly Cartwright purses her lips in what I think is concern when I pass her, while Glimmer Roberts winks at me knowingly. Peeta Mellark stares at me across the cafeteria, and I don't know what's in his eyes. I don't think I want to know. For some reason, his reaction makes me feel the worst. In the end, it doesn't matter how much I proclaim it isn't true, no matter how much I protest - the damage is done, the rumour is there. And it's ridiculous, really. There are people in this school with way worse reputations than me, yet I'm the one being treated this way. Suddenly, the girl who no one pays attention to, who no one cares about, has a red letter on her forehead. Maybe that's why. Maybe it's because before, they had nothing to say about me, and now they do. I'm the talk of the whole damned judgmental school. All because of something I didn't even do. The next two weeks follow on in much the same way. Madge still eats lunch with me, but it's strained, awkward, and no matter how many times I open my mouth up to ask her what's wrong, my total ineptitude with 'girl talk' stops me. So I wait for her to talk to me. It doesn't happen. And then I get the text from Gale. Gale, who, after an initial chewing out from Hazelle, now thought it was hilarious. "Katniss Everdeen, the girl every guy is on fire for " he would joke to me over the phone, and I'd tell him bluntly to fuck off. So I don't exactly expect the text from him, late one Friday night. Gale (10.25pm): Catnip, you owe me for our fake boning. Thom's brother needs help with something. Call him tonight. He follows it up with a cell number, and I stare at it for a good ten minutes before I text him back. Katniss (10.35pm): Why do I owe you? Gale (10.37pm): Because my mom reamed me out for something I didn't do, and didn't believe me when I told her otherwise. Katniss (10.40pm): Fine. But he better not be looking for a prom date. Gale (10:42pm): I dunno what he wants. Just said he needs a favour. Call him. So I do. He isn't looking for a prom date. He's looking for help. Thom McAllister had been Gale's neighbour growing up, and somehow they'd both ended up in the same dorm at Panem U. His little brother, Callum, is, in fact, not so little. He's over 6 foot tall, a month older than me, with wild black hair and cheekbones that could cut glass. I also know he's gay. To say the least, his request is surprising. We sit on a bench in the park, hands shoved in our pockets as we both pretend we aren't even here. "So, uh, what did you think of the mid-term exam we had in Miss Trinket's class last week?" I ask, desperate to break the tension. "I'm about 75% certain I failed," he mutters back. "English isn't my strong suit." "Mmmm," I reply. I don't know what else to say, and silence reigns again. "Look, Katniss," he finally sighs. "I know this is stupid. I don't even know why I'm asking, why I'm considering this. But school...school is hell." "No shit," I retort, and I see his cheeks flush. "No, I mean...I know I'm gay. Lots of people assume or speculate that I am. But I'm just...so over being teased about it - the looks and the whispers, and the flat out asshole remarks from douchebags like Cato. The bullying just from assumption alone is...ridiculous. And I'm not ready to come out yet. I know my dad will absolutely lose his shit when I do and I'd much rather have that happen when I'm off at college, thousands of miles away. So…" "So?" I echo. "Can we, like, tell people we hooked up? Like what happened with you and Gale?" My eyes practically fall out of my head. "But that wasn't even true!" I protest. He nods his head emphatically. "I know, Gale told me. But, just like that, nothing has to happen. We can just pretend. People can stop bullying me. And people can stop talking about you and Gale." "And talk about me and you instead," I snap back. Oh my god, this was getting worse and worse. "Just...please, Katniss. Think about it. It would really mean a lot to me. I'm just...so sick of feeling like an outcast." And even though I don't want it to, my heart aches at the sadness in his voice. I hate knowing that he feels like he has no hope, I hate that he feels like this is the better option than just being who he is. So that's how, a month after I 'slept' with Gale, at Glimmer Roberts' birthday party, and in her parents bedroom no less, I 'hook up' with Callum McAllister. Callum, for all his gratefulness, can't keep his mouth shut about our 'arrangement', and tells one of his friends. Who tells one of his friends. Within a week, I get cornered by Marvel Adams, his chin covered in pimples and his blond hair a rumpled mess. Back when we were juniors, he used to be in the popular group, but a messy break-up with Glimmer had led to a plummet in his social standing. He's not adjusted well to the shift, and neither have his hormones, apparently. His proposition, as he asks me, is a lot simpler than Callum's: he tells everyone we kissed, he comes and mows my lawn. And considering we don't own a lawnmower and our yard looks like a jungle, I'm tempted. So I say yes. After all, it's just a kiss. Thresh Williamson offers me a gift card to Costco, and when I bluntly tell him that Marvel got no action for mowing my lawn, he's just as happy with that agreement - if not more so. "No offence, Katniss, you're not my type. I just want to try and make Rue notice me. So this kind of works out better." I shrug, and the next weekend I buy as many essentials as Prim and I need. After all, it's just a kiss. But 'just a kiss' becomes a rumour amongst first the guys, then the girls. I hook up and get paid for it, in some way or another. Suddenly, I'm the most popular and most hated girl in school at the same time. That's ok. I've been hated before. 4 years earlier. I'm the most hated girl in school. They avoid me - walk on the other side of the hallway, go out of their way not to stand beside me in the cafeteria line. You think people would understand, would perhaps give you some kind of sympathy when your parent dies, when they're blown