This first chapter was originally submitted as a one-shot for Prompts in Panem in October. There have been amendments to the original submission, and this new version loaded. However the original can still be found on the Prompts in Panem tumblr page. Katniss Everdeen clutched the small bag in her hands, worrying the strap between her fingers. The meagre possessions she had brought with her – all she owned in the world - barely filled half of it. The nerves that had threatened to overwhelm her all morning were starting to rise, but she breathed deeply, trying to overcome them. The carriage rocked and bumped its way down the drive, drawing her closer and closer to where she would soon be employed. She could see the manor house now, could see how large it was, how magnificent it was. She was conscious not to let her admiration show too clearly. Chatsworth Manor was one of the most elegant homes in all of Great Britain, and somehow she had managed to secure a position as a housemaid. She knew it was due, in part, to the friendship her mother had had as a young girl with the present housekeeper, Ms Trinket. But she was also aware that the lady of the house, Duchess Mary, was a woman who didn't give anyone a second chance. She knew that Ms Trinket must have thought her suitable enough to fill the role over and above the connection between their families. She'd heard that the last housemaid had gotten in 'trouble' after an interlude with one of the young butlers, but she knew she didn't have to concern herself with a situation such as that. Katniss had no intention of marrying and having children, and bringing them into a world where it seemed every day became bleaker for those who were poor. Love, while sweet in the beginning, had done nothing but lead to heartbreak for the Everdeens. She'd seen the sweetness in her parents, then the heartbreak in her mother as she spiralled into depression after the death of her husband, that neither Katniss nor her sister Primrose could retrieve her from. She looked out the carriage window again, and sighed. Being poor was something these people obviously had never had to worry about before, nor were likely to in the near future. The carriage pulled into the circular drive, stopping not at the main entrance, but a small door around to the west side of the building. Katniss waited until it had come to a complete stop before starting to rise. Her hand reached towards the latch, but the carriage driver beat her to it, swinging the door open wider. "Miss," he greeted as she stepped down. She nodded her head at him, softly whispering her thanks. He wasn't that much older than her, with dark brown hair and serious eyes, an air of hostility around him. She wondered if it was aimed towards her or just his situation in general. Seeing as she had never met him before, she assumed the latter was correct. She looked up to see Ms Trinket standing at the entrance, and was slightly surprised at the person before her. She wasn't the stately, motherly figure she'd expected, dressed in simple garb. While yes, she wore a staid housekeeper uniform – white apron over black dress – her figure was slim, her face was painted with rouge and lipstick and her strawberry blonde hair was pulled up and elaborately coiffed. She began to wonder if the stories she had heard of Duchess Mary were wrong. If she allowed her housekeeper to dress like this, then she couldn't be all that unwelcoming. "Welcome to Chatsworth, Miss Everdeen," she greeted, her hand reaching towards Katniss gracefully. Katniss shook it, surprised by the action. People rarely extended their hand to her. Ms Trinket must have noted her hesitation. "Manners are important to me, Miss Everdeen, no matter your station. I expect you to follow suit," she told her firmly. "Yes, ma'am," Katniss replied. It wouldn't do her any good to let Ms Trinket know that usually the only type of manners she followed was to wash her hands. Ms Trinket dipped her head towards the driver, then led Katniss inside. "Now, Miss Everdeen, this is the staff entrance. You're not to use any of the main entrances, nor the primary hallways. You'll find the staff quarters and hallways separate to those of the family of the house. Our primary aim, along with ensuring the household runs smoothly, is to remain essentially invisible to our employers. Only myself, Haymitch the butler and the personal maids to the family are to interact with them. Do you understand?" Ms Trinket asked, guiding Katniss down a small hallway, indicating to the staff kitchen as they passed it. "Yes, ma'am." Katniss didn't care either way – the only reason she was here was to ensure she could earn a suitable wage to help her mother and Primrose. "Good. Now, as discussed, you will be required to work most days, with one weekend a month to do so as you wish. You will share duties with Johanna and Margaret, and will ensure that there is at least one of you available at all times. Your work day starts from 6am and concludes at 6pm. You may, on occasion, be requested to assist with evening events the Duke and Duchess host, but primarily your evenings are your own. The household tasks should all be completed by then, regardless." Ms Trinket spoke a mile a minute, her accent surprisingly regal for someone of her station. Katniss hurried to keep pace with her. They turned a corner, until they were in a small corridor lined with doors. "Now these are the female staff quarters. Your room is this first one here on the left. The quarters for the male staff are at the opposite end of the corridor, to help discourage fraternising," her lip firmed into a thin line, and Katniss knew the rumours of the last housemaid were true. "My quarters are in behind the kitchen. If you need my assistance, that's where you will find me. Now, please retire to your quarters – I know it has been a long ride from your home. Supper will be available for the staff from promptly 7pm to 8pm. If you are late, there is no meal. I shall see you there." With a polite nod of her head, Ms Trinket left Katniss alone in the cool, empty hallway. It was 7.02pm when Katniss ventured from her room and headed in the direction of the kitchen. She was exhausted but also restless from being cooped up in the carriage, and then her room. Katniss preferred, more than anything, to be outside, in the forest, and hated the fact that this position would do nothing but prevent her from being alive outside in the open air. Part of her wished she'd been able to secure a position as a gardener – she had a fairly decent knowledge of plants from her mother - and at least that meant she could remain outside. Unfortunately it had been a butler and a housemaid dismissed not a gardener and housemaid. And they wouldn't let a woman hold that type of position regardless. She stepped into the kitchen to see a number of the household staff already there. The conversation lulled for a moment as everyone looked her over, then went back to their meals. Ms Trinket cleared her throat. "Everyone, this is Katniss. She has replaced Glimmer as the new housemaid. Please ensure you take the time to make her feel welcomed." Katniss saw two young men seated at the end of the long sturdy wooden table nudge each other and wiggle their eyebrows. Internally, she sighed. It seemed the men – no, boys, she rectified – here were no more gentlemanly than they were at home. She surveyed the room again, and walked to the fireplace, where a black pot was simmering fragrantly. A large portly woman was stirring it, and smiled at her warmly. "Hello, me love. Care for some stew?" "Yes, please." She reached for the dish the older woman held out to her, sighing at the warmth that seeped into her fingers from the heat of the bowl. She hadn't even realised until now that they were cold. "Now, young miss, the name is Sae, and you can come to me at any time, you hear?" Katniss smiled, nodded and turned back to the table. There was a spare seat at the end, next to a girl about her age with golden blonde hair tied back in a simple bun. Katniss slid in and quickly began eating. It was warm and tasty, filled with root vegetables and a meat that was tender and soft. Most of the staff chatted and laughed over their meal, but Katniss remained quiet, along with the girl beside her. Katniss wasn't one for general conversation, so if this girl felt the same, she was sure they would get along just fine. Suddenly a whirlwind entered the room, a bundle of energy and chatter. "Bloody hell, Sae, give me a bowl of that stew. Starving to death over here!" The skinny angular girl slung an arm over the cooks shoulder, who laughed heartily. She pushed a bowl into the girl's hands, and brushed her away towards the table. The minute the girl turned she caught sight of Katniss, and a grin settled over her face. She sat down heavily - quite unlady-like - on the other side of the table, shoved a spoonful of stew into her mouth, and stared at Katniss unashamedly. Katniss couldn't help but stare back. The girl had sharp, pointed features, and short, chin length hair. What was most surprising was that it was ramrod straight, not a curl in sight, as was so fashionable at the moment for women with shorter hair. "Who are you then?" the girl mumbled around a mouthful of food. Ms Trinket called out an admonishment from across the room, but she just rolled her eyes. She continued to stare at Katniss intently. "My name is Katniss. I'm the new housemaid." "You don't say," the girl grinned. "Well, I'm Johanna, beside you is Madge," she rolled her eyes again as Ms Trinket called out 'Margaret, Johanna!', "And we're the other junior housemaids. Madge there will keep you on the straight and narrow. Me, on the other hand, will take great delight in trying to turn you into a rascal like me." Everyone around the table laughed, and Katniss was surprised. She'd never encountered such chatty, carefree people before. Particularly those in roles of servitude. "Nice to meet you, Johanna," she replied politely. The girl laughed. "I wouldn't be so sure of that." Johanna hunkered back down to finish her stew, not looking up from her bowl until it was finished. A silence fell over the room, save for the scraping of spoons on bowls and the occasional squeak of a chair. A faint scuffling of boots caught Katniss' attention, and she looked up to see the carriage driver walk in. He surveyed the room, his eyes fleetingly resting on her, before shifting to Johanna. Katniss saw the look they exchanged, full of heat and fire and promises for later, and she flushed. It seemed the previous housemaids' predicament wasn't stopping these two. She excused herself and began to head back to her room. "Katniss, wait!" a voice called from behind her. She turned to see Madge scurrying out of the room, a shy smile on her face. "I was done as well; I thought we could walk back to our rooms together." Katniss shrugged, and the two walked in silence back to their quarters. It wasn't uncomfortable or awkward – in fact it was quite the opposite. Madge was definitely more her type of person than whirlwind Johanna. They finally reached their rooms – Katniss found that Madge's