" Things look to be getting even more serious between our favourite musical lovebirds! Sources say Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark have been spotted scoping out houses in the elite hilltop estates of Panem for their very own love nest…" Katniss rolled her eyes, threw Madge's trashy entertainment magazine on the floor and took another long sip from the giant soda she'd grabbed from In-N-Out on her way home from the studio. Stories like this weren't really anything new - every week, she was pregnant, or they were on the verge of splitting up, or Peeta had secretly reunited with his ex-flame - and they continued to annoy her. Their apparent moving in together was just the latest in a long line of Things So Far From the Truth. And much like everything else they were being reported of doing, she and Peeta hadn't even discussed it; moving in together was so far off their radar it was practically in another galaxy. In all honesty, she was pretty sure they were both still just getting used to the idea of them actually being a real couple, let alone even thinking about buying real estate. It had been just over 5 months since Katniss and Peeta had signed their contract with Capitol Records, 5 months since they'd agreed to enter a contractual relationship as a way to keep Peeta in the spotlight while his band - The Mockingjays - were on hiatus, and as a way to boost Katniss' burgeoning solo career. 5 months since she'd been reunited with the man she thought had rejected her in high school - only to find that he'd thought she'd rejected him . Weeks of arguing, of snapping at each other, of falling for each other again without wanting to admit it, had culminated in them both finally expressing how they felt. Now, for the last three months, they'd 'officially' been together. Not that Caesar or Plutarch, the heads of Capitol Records, knew about that. That was something Katniss and Peeta had been very, very careful to keep from the two people who they'd come to refer to as their puppet-masters. Some things, they agreed, didn't deserve to be exploited. Her best friend and flatmate, Madge, stepped into the living room from the kitchen, a carton of take-out Chinese in hand, the chopsticks held to her mouth as she sucked in a mouthful of egg noodles. "Moving out on me, Everdeen?" She asked around the food, glancing down at the discarded magazine. "You'd be the first to know if I was," Katniss told her wryly. "Good to hear." Madge dropped to the sofa beside her, propped her feet on the coffee table. "Because rent is an expensive bitch, and so is finding good roommates." "You have a boyfriend, Madge, I doubt it would be hard for you in the event I ever move out." "Gale can't put things in the dirty clothes hamper. He just throws them in the bath." "So that makes him a bad potential roommate?" "Mmmm-hmmm," she nodded, crunching on a piece of carrot before shooting Katniss a sly look. "But, I guess the side benefits make up for it." Katniss slurped down the last of her soda with a grimace on her face, before placing the empty cup on the table. "Okay, gross, I don't need to hear about anything like that." Madge grinned. "But you know…" "What?" Her reply was sharper than she wanted it to be, but she really didn't want to hear about Madge's sex life tonight. Especially when hers had been non-existent for the last 5 days while Peeta had been in New York for a photo shoot and some interviews. "If you wanted to, it would be okay." Katniss blinked. "Huh?" "If you wanted to move out with Peeta. You could do that, if you really wanted to." Katniss scowled and she shifted in her seat until her legs were stretched out like Madge's. "Why are you even saying this? It's just a stupid headline, a stupid magazine article." "I realise it's just a magazine article - I'm just saying, is all," Madge said innocently. "If you decide to, I'm cool with it." "It's not even on the agenda; we've hardly really started properly dating." Madge shrugged. "K, you've known you've wanted to be with each other since you were teenagers, even if you took the long ass way to get there. So I don't think it would be totally out of the blue if it was on the agenda." Katniss rolled her eyes. "We've only officially been together for three months." "And according to the rest of Panem, it's been over 5 months, which by entertainment industry standards is a long term relationship." "I know, which just reiterates the absurdity of it all. Peeta and I...we're not at that stage, okay?" The thought of moving in with Peeta, taking that step...it was weird. Too much, too soon. "Okay," Madge replied agreeably, scooped up another mound of noodles as she eyed the glossy cover again. "Although I gotta say, maybe you should stop reading my magazines." "Maybe you should stop leaving them around, practically begging me to read them," Katniss countered, and Madge crossed her eyes and stuck out her tongue in reply. "You know you're curious about what they say." "No I'm not." Yeah, she kind of was, as much as she hated it. "Are too." "Ugh, whatever," Katniss retorted. "Isn't there something else we can talk about other than my apparent change of living arrangements?" Madge wiped a wayward smear of sauce off her chin, nodded her head towards the TV. "Yeah, would you change the channel? There's a Community marathon on in ten, and I wanna watch it." Lifting the remote that had been resting on the arm of her chair, Katniss switched channels, happy to be off the topic of something she hadn't even thought about. "Katniss, I want you to redo the end of that last track. Something feels...off. It's not sitting right with me." Katniss lips firmed in a straight line as Cinna's voice came through the speakers from the sound booth. "What do you mean, exactly?" she asked, turning to face the window, and she knew she sounded petulant. It had been a long day. A long day in the studio with hours of singing, recording, re-recording, re-arranging. She just wanted to go home, eat a pizza, and sleep. "I mean that it's not hitting the feeling it needs to. The words and your tone don't match." Cinna - her long time music producer - rose from his seat, rested a hand against the glass that separated them. "This song is about defeating the odds, about coming through adversity. And I'm not getting that feeling from you right now." "Maybe it's because I'm tired," she muttered. He nodded slightly. "I don't doubt it. We all are. But just finish this off, and we can all go home." "Can't we go home now?" Wow, she really sounded surly tonight. "Once more, and then we'll go," Cinna promised - until she realised it wasn't Cinna. It was Peeta. And he'd just walked into her line of sight in the sound booth. "Peeta?" she asked in surprise. The last 6 days had been the longest since the contract had started that she'd gone without seeing him. Even when they'd been at each other's throats, when they'd argued or sniped at each other more than anything else, she'd still seen him at least every second day. She hadn't realised how much she'd missed him until she saw him again. "Hey Katniss," he grinned, waved at her through the window in the awkward kind of way he still harboured from school. "You're back already? I thought you weren't coming back until tomorrow?" "Got an earlier flight - I came straight here from the airport." "Oh." She began to smile then, stupidly, ignorant to the looks that were exchanged by the sound engineers and musicians, and the understanding that crossed Cinna's. "Well...yeah. Okay. Cool." "You ready to go through it again, Katniss?" Cinna asked, and this time his voice was significantly gentler than it had been. "Starting from 'keep your feet ready' ?" She nodded, her mind already on walking out the front door with Peeta. "Alright. Let's go through it once more." Once more was all she needed. Whatever Cinna had been looking for, he found it with the next run through and soon enough he was announcing that she was free and clear and her album was on schedule to be completely finished by the following week. It was the best news she'd heard all day. Bundling herself up in her jacket, she moved out of the studio, meeting Peeta in the hallway. He pressed a quick kiss to her lips, before sliding his arms around her waist and drawing her in. His head dropped to the curve of her shoulder, and she felt him breathe in deeply. "You smell so good," he murmured against her skin, and the feeling of his breath made a shiver run down her spine. "I smell like a day spent in the studio, which likely equals sweat," she replied, and she felt the movement of his chest against hers as he chuckled. "You smell like you ," he told her. "And I've missed you." Peeta pulled away far enough that he could look at her, lifted a hand to tug on the end of her trademark braid. "You wanna come back to my place? Stay over?" He quirked a brow. "I promise it won't be like last time." The last time she'd stayed at his place, they hadn't even been thinking about the possibility of paparazzi staking out Peeta's house in trendy West Panem, had been too busy thinking about getting inside and getting naked to even consider it. But one of the sneaky bastards - with a long range lense and a good vantage point up in a tree - had caught them as they'd stumbled inside Peeta's front door, arms wrapped around each other's waists, Peeta's mouth attached to Katniss' neck. When the pictures had popped up online the next day, Caesar and Plutarch had congratulated them on their foresight to spot the pap, to make the most of the opportunity. Katniss hadn't returned since. "Are we going to get a nasty surprise on Templesmith's Truths! again if we do?" He shook his head. "Nope. That new security system is in, and I got a landscaping company to come in and plant a bunch of pre-established bushes around the entrance. Complete privacy, and no one is getting up in any of those trees again." "Well..." she pretended to consider it, but there was no need to. She hadn't seen him in a week - they both already knew the answer. "Alright, let's go. Before Cinna makes me run through that track again." "It sounded great to me - I don't think you need to worry about that," he told her. "Yeah, yeah," Katniss muttered, but his words gave her a sense of pride. He'd sat in on quite a few sessions of hers now, had even helped her out with one of her songs when the words hadn't been sitting right with her while recording. It still made her stomach quiver when he complimented her. From Peeta, the compliments seemed to mean more than they did from anyone else. Even Prim. "If we're going to your place, can we get pizza from Sae's for dinner?" she asked, naming the Italian restaurant around the corner from Peeta's that was delicious, discreet, and always allowed them to do takeout, even though they were technically only a dine-in. "Already ordered," Peeta announced. "Oh, so sure I'd say yes, were you? How presumptuous." "Not presumptuous. Let's just say I was...hopeful," he replied with a cheeky grin, and tucked his hand into hers. The drive to Peeta's from the studio was a relatively quick one. Within twenty minutes they