Her outfit was basic, simple, unassuming; a fitted white blouse, tailored black jacket, a matching pencil skirt that hugged her hips and ended at her knees, and pumps with a heel high enough to look like heels, but short enough for her to still be able to walk like a normal person in them. The only pop of colour was her hair, the perfectly coiffed auburn bob that curved just above her shoulders. As far as Halloween costumes went, Katniss Everdeen was happy enough. Long gone were the college days when people would always insist on her going to parties as a 'Sexy Nurse' or 'Sexy Teacher' or 'Sexy Anything'. These days, it was all about simplicity and comfort and reusability, and nothing anyone would say could make her change her mind. This year, her outfit ticked all of those boxes - and she would at least mollify Finnick with it, too. She surveyed herself one final time, and with a short tug on the hem of her jacket, turned away from the mirror and reluctantly headed downstairs. She might have been satisfied with her outfit, and might have been looking forward to seeing Madge and Gale now that they'd returned from their honeymoon, but it didn't mean she was necessarily looking forward to going to the party itself. Halloween was fun and all, but socialising was still Katniss' own personal form of horror. Walking inside Finnick and Annie Odair's front door, Katniss was more than a little dismayed to find the place already packed. She'd hoped she could get in and get out onto their back deck with as little interaction as possible. But red light after red light, and a douchebag who took forever in front of her at the liquor store, meant that by the time she arrived, she was already half an hour late. Ducking her head and moving through the crowd as inconspicuously as possible - it wasn't as hard as she'd expected; with the amount of colour, glitter and flesh on display, she didn't exactly stand out - she headed down the hall, through the kitchen and outside, letting out a sigh of relief when she could breath in fresh air that was tinged with smells she loved - pumpkin, spices, apple cider and...candy corn. Ok, blech on that last one. She pulled one of her beers out of the small cooler bag she carried, before dropping it on the floor and shoving the bag in the corner beside the wooden railings so it was out of the way. But no sooner had she taken a sip of the beer that she felt a hand on her shoulder, the fingers squeezing lightly in greeting. She turned, ready to tell whoever it was to get their damn hands off her, then relaxed when she saw it was Luke Skywalker, resplendent and proud in his X-Wing pilot outfit. She took another slow sip as she appraised his outfit. "Wow, Finnick, I'm surprised you're not showing more skin this year." He grinned, ran a hand through his bronze coloured hair as he cocked his hip. "Sweetheart, Luke Skywalker doesn't need to flaunt it to be hot. He's a pilot ." "Luke, though? Figured Han'd be more your style." "I'm co-ordinating with Annie." "So she's Yoda?" "Haha," he replied wryly. "No, you'll see her soon enough. Anyway, nice work on your behalf. Your costume is hot ." "Shut up, Finnick." "Why? It's a compliment! I dig the buttoned up look." She rolled her eyes, even while he continued to grin. "And I'm glad you decided to play this year, Everdeen." "Yeah, well, you practically forced me to wear a costume - you threatened me with a stripper-gram at work if I didn't." "That's because you haven't worn a costume for the last three." "I did last year." "Half-heartedly wearing an apron and saying you're a baker doesn't really count, Katniss." "Whatever." She folded her arms across her chest, propped her drink in the crook of her elbow. "Are Madge and Gale here yet? You know I mostly came to see them, right?" "You always know how to make me feel loved." "I get to see your pretty face every day in the school staff room, I don't have time to miss you or whatever," Katniss replied pointedly. "But I haven't seen them in a month since they left for Europe." "Yeah, yeah, I see where your loyalties lie." He wrapped an arm playfully around her shoulders, grinned widely. "But no, they're not here yet. They were running late, and then I think they were picking up Madge's cousin on their way here." "Her cousin?" Her brow furrowed in confusion. "Delly? I thought I saw her already." "No, Peeta, the one who's been in France for a few years." She felt her heart thud funny in her chest. "Peeta?" she repeated, certain she hadn't heard him right. Finnick nodded. "Yeah, apparently he moved to town two weeks ago." "Madge, uh, didn't mention anything to me before they left." Normally Madge told her everything, so the fact that she'd been quiet on the front of her cousin moving to Panem was odd. "I'm not sure she knew before they went," he shrugged. "But I don't really know too much about it. Annie just mentioned it to me earlier because Madge added him to their RSVP to tonight." Shrugging as nonchalantly as she could, Katniss took another sip of her beer and leant back against the balcony railing. She'd only ever met Madge's cousin on half a dozen occasions, and she hadn't seen him at all in the last 8 years. The first time she'd ever met him, they'd been 6 and 8 respectively, and he'd had a shock of blond hair, mischievous blue eyes, knobby knees and a smear of chocolate cake on his cheek. The last time she'd seen him, he'd been 18, his blond hair artfully tousled, his shoulders broad and strong, and his playful blue eyes had seared right through her, giving her one too many x-rated dreams late at night. So, basically, he hadn't really left much of an impression on her. At all. Whatever . Thankfully, as the evening wore on, most of the people who gravitated towards the deck were people Katniss knew, people she could handle having a conversation with. Annie floated by, dragging Finnick away with her to play host, in a green dress and long red wig, the Mara Jade to his Skywalker. Delly and Thom cuddled in the corner as Mickey and Minnie, while Jo appeared in red and black workout gear, her hands encased in fingerless boxing gloves as she threatened to kick people's asses. Katniss wasn't entirely sure if she'd come as someone from the UFC, or just herself. "Katniss!" She looked up at the sound of her name being called, in time to see Madge wave enthusiastically in her direction as she stepped through the door onto the deck in a purple minidress, dragging Gale after her. Katniss snorted behind her hand when she saw him dressed in blue flares and a white shirt, a cravat tied gaily around his throat. "Well hi there, Daphne and Fred," she greeted, pressing her lips together as she tried to keep a straight face. Gale glowered at her. "Shut up, Catnip," he muttered. "Did you lose a bet?" she asked. "We agreed I'd get to pick our costumes one year, he gets to pick them the next," Madge grinned. "Wow, you're going to be in so much trouble next year," Katniss told her. "Damn straight," Gale replied shortly. "Now I need a beer. These pants are too tight for me to wear sober." He walked away awkwardly, leaving Madge and Katniss laughing in his wake. "I can't believe you made him wear those pants." "Eh, I think no matter how much he's bitching about it, he knows how good his ass looks in them," Madge said flippantly, leaning against the railing to watch as Gale walked away. "Ew," Katniss retorted. While she'd gotten used to the idea of her two childhood best friends marrying each other, she still wasn't used to hearing Madge compliment Gale's ass. "Anyway, his hideous pants aside, it's good to see you." "It's good to see you too," Madge grinned. "Anything exciting happen while we were away?" "As usual, nothing, though that shouldn't be of any surprise. I'm certain you have more exciting stories to tell than me." "Do I ever! We- Hey! Peeta, we're over here!" Madge waved again, this time towards a dark-haired guy on the other side of the rapidly filling deck. He lifted a hand in acknowledgement, before beginning to make his way through the crowd. "I never thought Peeta would leave France - I'm so excited he's moved here." "What, uh, brought him back to the States?" "Oh, his parents finally convinced him to open a branch of Mellark's in Panem. Remember, they own that bakery in Capitol City?" Katniss hummed her acknowledgement, remembered it vaguely being referenced over the years. "They've been in negotiations for the building space for ages, but Peeta didn't want to say anything to me until it was all signed off. Totally a surprise - I only found out when we got back on Thursday!" Katniss nodded and watched as Peeta skirted around a couple of zombies; it wasn't until he was standing directly in front of them, a smile on his face and his hands shoved in the pockets of his suit pants, that she realised that, despite not coming with a partner, she'd still managed to find one. And he was even hotter than 16 year old Katniss remembered him to be. "Hi there," he greeted. "It's been a long time, Katniss. It's nice to see you again." Her stomach did a weird flip thing that felt foreign to her. "How...how did you know who I was?" He laughed, tipped his head towards his cousin. "Madge told me you'd be here. Plus, you really haven't changed a bit since I saw you last - except for your hair. It threw me off at first, until I got closer." "It's just a wig," she replied automatically, lifting her hand absently to pat at it. "I know," he stage whispered, lifting his hand to his own hair. "So's mine." "I was going to say, I can't remember you having brown hair." "It's all about getting into character," he smiled, then rocked back on his heels. "Though I must say I'm a little surprised - I never picked you for an X-Files fan." Katniss lifted an eyebrow; it wasn't the first time she'd heard this. "And you're basing that solely on your impression of a girl you've met maybe a total of half a dozen times in your life?" He had the grace to look sheepish. "Touché. Sorry, that came out wrong. I think it's great you love the show. I just had no idea." "It's fine." He was probably just nervous or whatever, being at a party full of people he barely knew. He could get a free pass for that one. Instead, she glanced towards Madge, to see her studying them both curiously. "Peeta, are you actually Fox Mulder?" she asked incredulously. He shot her a look full of surprise. "Yeah - what did you think I was when I got in the car?" "A random FBI agent?" she replied, and Katniss felt her nose scrunch up in what turned out to be a mirror of Peeta's. "You're a lost cause, Madge," he sighed. "I bet you don't even know who your friend Finnick is dressed as." "Oh shut up, Mellark," Madge grinned, punched him playfully in the arm. "I'm going to get a drink. You want one?" Peeta shook his head. "I'm good for now. I had a couple before you picked me up, knowing you were driving me home." "I should have known you'd pre-game it. What about you, Katniss?" "I'm good too."