A submission for Prompts in Panem, March/April 2015. Day 7. It was virtually an unspoken rule with the elite; an expectation, a requirement. If you were in the Capitol on a Friday or Saturday night, there was only one place to see and be seen. A place full of debauchery, the underbelly of the Capitol slithering under the glittering surface. If you weren't at The Birdcage, you were a nobody. And if you were nobody...well, no one from the Capitol wanted to be seen as a nobody. So you went, and you enjoyed it - whether you wanted to or not. The first time he saw her in person, she was perched high above everyone else in the club, on a gilded swing much like what her namesake would sit on if it were contained in a cage. The Mockingjay, everyone called her, though once upon a time she'd simply been Katniss Everdeen. She'd been known by other names - daughter, sister, Tribute, Girl on Fire, Victor - but none had stuck as much as the one she had now. He knew why. Her voice was like nothing he, or anyone else, had ever heard. In the Arena, the birds had stopped to listen, and outside, so had the people. She'd bewitched them with her voice, and as a result, they'd spoiled her with sponsor gifts, celebrated what they called a victory, invited her into the highest stratosphere of the Capitol social circles. And soon enough, they'd led her here, to the place where the most popular Victors spent their Friday nights when they were in town. And she became their most popular act, their most popular Victor. Their most popular companion, at a price. Peeta Mellark sipped slowly on the glass of bubbly green liquid he held, tuned out the disgusting and lascivious things the men at the next table were saying, and didn't take his eyes off her as she began to sing, the swing gently taking her across the room in mesmerising circles. In the lights that shined on her, the dress she wore gleamed and glittered, a combination of black and the deepest blue he'd ever seen, the colours of her namesake. It skimmed down her torso, ended in a short flounce at her hips at the top of the long, lean legs that were bare for every pair of hungry eyes to see. Her breasts threatened to spill over the top of the corset with each breath she took, but he barely even noticed. He'd seen her on screen, of course, had read articles about her. Even Finnick, the Victor he'd had the opportunity to paint over a year ago, had spoken of her fondly. But he'd never expected this. Not so quick, not so suddenly . He hadn't come to The Birdcage tonight to fall in love. But with nothing more than one simple look, he thought maybe he had. Across the room, she watched as he watched her, his eyes never shifting from her face. If she hadn't been used to the constant attention, the constant staring and leering she received every time she was in the Capitol, she would have felt awkward, uncomfortable. But there was something different about his gaze - innocent, not searching, not sexual. Usually, everything was sexual in the Capitol. Katniss continued singing, even as the swing she sat on slowly lowered her to the ground. With a move that was far more graceful than the first dozen times she'd tried it, she slid off the swing, her thin blue heels landing on the polished wooden floors. The microphone was already there, centre stage, waiting for her to finish, to cap off the night's performances, to send the crowd wild as she sang, low and sultry and slow. Seductively, in a way that made every man and woman in the room want her. She kept her gaze on the man as she sang, as she slid her hands up and down the microphone stand in the way she'd been instructed to do, and made a silent wish that whoever was visiting her that night, that they would be as gentle as the looks were that the blond man was sending her way. "Katniss, darling, wonderful performance as usual!" Tullius, the effusive manager of The Birdcage, made a beeline directly for her, his broad arms outstretched in a waiting embrace. "Simply wonderful! Finnick whipped them into a frenzy earlier, and you were the delectable cherry on top, my dear!" She allowed his arms to wrap around her, held her breath so she didn't pass out from the overpowering cologne he wore, then pasted a smile as sincere as she could on her face. "Thank you Tullius, the crowd certainly was enthusiastic tonight." He pulled away, grinned giddily. "They're just so excited, with the next games less than 2 months away! It's always the most exciting time of year - and everyone is always more than generous at this time too," He winked. Katniss had to fight the urge to slap him. "Wonderful," she smiled through thin lips, tugged on the pins that wrapped her simple braid around her head into something far more dramatic than she'd normally wear. "Anything to tell me for tonight?" Better to know up front if he had any strange kinks or requirements. Better to know exactly how many drinks she'd need to get through the night. "Well I can tell you now, the gentleman we have lined up - he asked for you specifically, by the way - is stunningly handsome, very wealthy. And famous himself!" She hid her grimace - normally the famous ones were the worst - and fixed a look of false curiosity on her face. "Oh?" "It's Cassius!" Tullius practically squealed, flinging his hands up in the air. Unfortunately for her, the name meant nothing. Even though she spent more than half her time in the Capitol now, she paid little attention to the happenings, the famous people, the fads - she simply just didn't care. She had more important things to worry about. "Was he here tonight? I didn't see him in the crowd," Katniss said casually - she didn't want Tullius to know that she was oblivious to who he was, otherwise she'd be here for another half an hour, getting a rundown on the man's career. She didn't care about that either. Tullius lifted a hand, smoothed back his black and pink striped pompadour. "Oh, my dear, of course he was! I'm certain you saw him - he was in one of the booths at the back. In the VIP section? His blond hair shining like a beacon?" Katniss' mind flashed back to lowering to the floor as she sang, the man at the back of the room, the man who didn't look at her the way so many others did. And for once, she didn't feel as nervous. Maybe, just maybe, her silent wish had been granted. "Anyway, Katniss, you do really need to head for your quarters," Tullius continued, smoothing his hands over his plump belly. "Finnick's already made his way to his room, and Cashmere will be in hers shortly. You know I much prefer all of you to be tucked away before the midnight guests arrive. Cassius will be there soon, and then...well, I can't begin to tell you how important tonight is." "Oh?" Tullius lowered his voice to a whisper. "He's interested in...exclusivity." "Exclusivity?" His eyes twinkled with excitement. "Of you, Katniss. Exclusivity of you . And he's willing to pay handsomely for it. President Snow is very interested in his proposal." Katniss knew what he meant, without him saying anything more. If President Snow was interested in the proposal, it meant that there was really no option for her. Because every decision she made was for Prim, and her mom, to keep them safe and unharmed. The more she said yes to whatever President Snow deemed she do, the less chance there was of Prim's name ever being plucked from the reaping bowl, the less chance that Prim and Alice would end up the way her mentor's family had. If President Snow deemed she be the property of one Cassius, a blond haired celebrity from the Capitol, then that's what she'd have to be. Peeta paced back and forth across the room decorated in soft gold and white, curtains in various shades of green draped across the windows, looping from the ceiling. A giant bed - plush with pillows and the fluffiest quilt he'd ever seen in his life - dominated the room, almost screaming with the real purpose of these quarters. All things considered, it wasn't as gaudy as he'd expected, or had been led to believe. He could work with what was here, he mused, bring the rest of the room to life with a landscape across the back wall. It wasn't the kind of commission he normally took, not these days. Somehow, in the last year, he'd become the toast of the art world in the Capitol - people clamoured for his landscapes, and interpretations of the Capitol and the country that surrounded it. They wanted murals and canvases as big as hologram screens, and huge pieces of artwork that would hang in lobbies of government buildings and in the homes of their officials. So he'd never really expected to receive a request for a commission at The Birdcage. It wasn't the type of place he normally frequented, wasn't a place he particularly liked. He'd never really enjoyed the Games - not that he would ever, ever dream of admitting that to anyone - and had always thought the Victors should be at home in their District, living their lives peacefully. Instead, some always returned for weeks, months, years after they won, to make the most of their popularity. To continue to live in the spotlight, to be loved by the citizens, long after their turn in the sun was over. At least that's what he'd always thought. But Katniss had never seemed the type to want the attention - she'd always been taciturn in interviews, more sarcastic than playful, more interested in returning to her sister in Twelve than staying in the Capitol. And tonight...tonight...something in her eyes when they'd locked gazes had told him a story of unhappiness. Those silvery-grey irises had spoken of an endless sadness, one he wasn't sure he completely understood. Everything about her confused him, and drew him to her at the same time. Shaking his head of his thoughts - she'd been on his mind constantly from the moment she'd started performing - he focused on the room again, thought about what exactly he could paint on the wall that was currently nothing but a plain, warm gold canvas. And was startled when the door suddenly flung open and Katniss herself walked in, her eyes widening in surprise at the sight of him; he was fairly certain the look on his face mirrored hers. "Oh! I'm sorry. I didn't expect you to be here so soon…" He was both amused and impressed at how quickly her voice had changed from a shocked squeal to a sultry invitation. He shook his head, quickly realising he'd been directed to the wrong room - he'd been right when it hadn't seemed like a room that Cashmere would occupy. "No need to apologise Miss Everdeen. I must be-" "Thirsty?" She closed the door behind her, crossed to a long mahogany buffet, her hips swaying with each step. She lifted a crystal decanter, slid her tongue across her lower lip. "This is my mentor, Haymitch's, favourite. Would you like some?" Peeta glanced at his watch - okay, he was really late now that he was in the wrong room, and his client was probably going to be ropeable - "Drink?" She'd already half filled the tumbler, moved back to hold the glass out in front of him. Her eyes were outlined in black, her eyelashes studded