"Will you tell me what happened?" He mutters the words, and they're so quiet I can almost pretend he hasn't spoken. I don't look at him, or acknowledge the question; instead I keep my gaze directed towards the sun, grateful for the oversized sunglasses shading my eyes from the oranges and yellows that are so bright they almost seem unnatural. I focus on that, on the way the sun is slowly sinking towards the water below, ready to be swallowed whole until the next morning. "What do you want to know?" By the time I finally find my voice to answer and turn to face him, he's plucking absently at the frayed hem of his jeans, almost as though he doesn't care whether or not I answer him. But when he looks over at me, his eyes are already cold, already icy. Clearly, he does care. "What he did to drive you here. What he did to send you half way around the world with nothing more than a ratty backpack clutched to your chest and your passport in your pocket, back to the person you left behind." It sounds like he's spitting the words out, that he can't get them out quick enough. The hospitable veneer is gone, and I welcome it. "I mean, dammit, Katniss. I don't hear from you in years, and then suddenly you show up on my doorstep without an explanation, and expect me to welcome you with open arms. And if he's not here with you, the only logical reason is it's because of him." I push the sunglasses on top of my head, my scowl forming almost unbidden. "You always jump to conclusions, Peeta. Always have, always will." His eyes narrow. "Then tell me it's not because of him." "It's not because of him," I echo, but I know the words sound hollow and false, even to my own ears. "Bullshit," he snaps, launching to his feet and running his hands through his haphazard blond waves. He kicks out at the wood of the balustrade in front of us, turns his back on the sun so he can glare at me. I can sense the frustration and anger building inside of him, and part of me feels guilty for attempting to lie to him, even now. "Is it really worth us going over this?" I ask, trying to keep my voice as steady as possible. This wasn't how it was meant to go. "You keep running, so yes." "I'm not running," I deny. He laughs mirthlessly. "Of course you are. You're always running. You ran from me, you ran to him, then you ran halfway around the world. And now you've had enough, so you're running back. Like I'm your damned security blanket." "It's not like that!" I stand abruptly, pushing the seat back so the legs scrape noisily against the wood. "Yes it is, Katniss." Peeta shakes his head, casts his eyes off into the distance. He's calm, almost eerily so, when he speaks again. "You know...sometimes I wonder how different my life would be if you'd said yes when I asked." I feel the lump lodge in my throat at his words, feel the years of regret lay themselves even heavier upon my shoulders. I can't tell him that I wonder the same thing, late at night when the day has worn me out and I can't hide from my mistakes. I can't tell him I wonder if my life would be better if he'd always been in it. I can't tell him that I've thought of him more that I wanted to, more than I should have. I can't admit to any of those things, not when I don't think I'm entirely prepared to hear what he'd say if I did. After almost three years away, it's hard enough just seeing him again. 3...or 4...or 5 days earlier... "I'm so sorry. It was an accident, I didn't mean for it to happen." I watch impassively as the apologies fall from his lips, as his face shows all the remorse that it's meant to in a situation like this. His eyes are puppy-dog sorry, his lips pouted as though he's wounded, his hands pressed together like he's praying to God for divine intervention. I don't think he's ever talked to God, so now probably isn't the right time for him to start. "I don't care, Gale," I murmur, glancing down at my hands and finding a sudden interest in my cuticles. Shit, Madge would have a fit if she saw the state of my nails. "We've never said we were monogamous, or an actual couple. Neither of us should have expected fidelity." Except when I think about it, I guess deep down I did, because I'd always given him mine. Is that just the latest line in my long list of mistakes? He drops to his knees in front of me, places his hands on my thighs. The tears in my jeans means there's inches of flesh where his palms touch, and it takes all the willpower I have not to flinch. For all the times I've welcomed his touch, right now it simply makes my skin crawl. But I don't want him to know how much it bothers me. He doesn't deserve it. "I know we never said it," he agrees, grey eyes so similar to mine boring back at me, willing forgiveness. "But after all this time, I'm certain it was implied. It was just this once, Catnip, and I'm sorry." My childhood nickname - the one he'd coined when I was 13 and one that I still carry to this day - pulls me up, and I feel the first flicker of anger course through me. Before it was hurt, a little numbness, a bit of shock. But something about his familiarity, on trying to fall back into old habits and memories, makes me want to hurt him. I straighten my spine, shift in my seat so his hands have nowhere to go but fall limply back to his sides. "Once? Can you count, Gale?" I tip my head to the side as though I'm in deep thought about the question I've just asked him, cupping the curve of my jaw with my thumb and forefinger. I can speak sarcasm better than any other language. "Do you mean once this month? This week? Or just today?" His eyes flicker then, with doubt, with worry, with what anyone else would consider fear. But Gale Hawthorne doesn't feel fear. He goes in, all guns blazing, with no worry about the consequences. It's what had drawn me to him for so long, one of the things that had appealed to me when I'd hit thirteen and realized my neighbour was a lot more interesting than I'd thought. Part of what had made me decide to follow him on his journey around the world. "I don't know what you mean." "Then let me explain it to you," I bite out through teeth that have suddenly clenched as my knowledge wells within me, ready to spill over after weeks of lying in wait. "Leevy was this week. But do you think I don't know about Maddy in Bangkok? Britta in Phuket? Lauren in Singapore? I could probably pull out a world map and connect the dots for you, Gale, and it would make one hell of a pattern." He yanks himself to his feet, stumbling back a little; his cheeks are blazing red, his eyes are narrowed and accusing. "I can't believe this." "What part can't you believe? The part where I actually knew about it all? Or the part where you proclaim innocence?" His mouth opens and closes like a fish, and it's pretty satisfying to see Gale lost for words. I curve the corner of my mouth as I lean back in my seat, knowing the more I show ambivalence, the more annoyed he'll get. And right now, I want him annoyed, I want him defensive. I want him to feel as pissed as I do, though he really has no right. "Don't bother lying, Gale. Lauren even admitted it to me herself, after one too many shots of vodka. That girl can't hold her liquor, I'll tell you that now." He shakes his head, folds his arms across his chest. "She's lying." I scoff. "Really? That's what you're going with?" "You said yourself she was drunk, Katniss. You're going to take her word over mine?" "I dunno, I'm pretty sure Lauren would have had no reason to lie to me." "Well, she did," he insists, jerking his chin forward. I sigh deeply. "Okay, if that's the way you want to play it, that's fine. But…" I trail off before I can utter the words that have been running through my head since I'd opened the hotel room door and had seen Gale and Leevy banging each other into oblivion. I know when I say them, I'll mean them, but after all this time... "I'm done. With this, with you. I need to start again." He blinks in shock. "Are you dumping me?" I laugh, but there's not a hint of humour to be found in it. "And you seem so shocked by the idea. I guess I am, if you want to call it that. Whatever we had has already been over for a long time now; doesn't this just make it official?" He runs a hand across his scalp, his black hair shorn short to compensate for the brutally hot days we'd experienced in Manila, and that he'd kept for practicality reasons ever since. "I just…" he pauses, breathes in deeply. "None of them meant anything." I'm glad he's admitted it, though that absolute, final nail in the coffin of truth lances a deeper spear of betrayal through me. With that, my anger has banked again, back to the numbness, and I vaguely wonder if it should hurt more. "It doesn't matter. When it comes down to it, neither did I, not really." He winces at that, shakes his head. "That's not true, and you know it." "But we never meant to each other what we should have, not when things changed." "I-" I stand up, effectively cutting Gale off from whatever he was going to say. "It doesn't matter," I repeat. "I'm going to pack, and then head to the airport, get the first flight out of Bali that I can. I'm going home." "Katniss, please-" I shake my head. "No, let's not let this get any worse than it already is." He shoves his hands into the back pockets of his khaki shorts, rocks back on the heels of his worn flip-flops. "I don't want us to end on bad terms." "Then you should have thought of that before you dipped your wick in a bunch of other girls," I shoot back, and his lips thin. I watch as he takes a deep breath before responding. "I can't take it back; all I can say is sorry. You're my oldest friend and I...I never expected things to happen this way. When we left...neither of us anticipated any of this." I move towards the sliding door that leads to the balcony, yanking it open to welcome the refreshing breeze, and stare out at the thin streams of sunlight slicing through the breaks in the trees. I think back to less than three weeks ago when we'd first arrived, and had marvelled at how ridiculously cheap it had been for us to get an actual hotel room just for the two of us. After months - years - in backpacker hostels and cheap lodgings with a bunch of other travelers, it had seemed like a palace. Now all it feels like is the high point before the fall. "You're right," I admit. "Neither of us expected this. But what I did expect was a little damned respect and decency from you, Gale. You should have just been honest with