It had started on a Saturday in early September, her second year at Panem State. It had been as hot as hell outside despite the time of year, and while the frat house she'd been in had decent A/C, you wouldn't have thought so - masses of sweaty bodies writhing on the makeshift dance floor and people yelling at each other to drink warm beer from red plastic cups made it so that it was just as hot inside as it was outside. Katniss Everdeen had hated it. She hated house parties at the best of times - the sleazy guys, the shitty music, the stupid drinking games. She'd only agreed to go because Madge, her roommate, had been crushing on some guy who was going to be there, and had been nervous about going on her own. The nervousness which, of course, had dissipated the moment Madge had latched eyes - and lips - onto Gale Hawthorne in the kitchen. So instead of playing the supportive friend, she'd been stuck in a corner of the front room, surrounded by perfect blondes, guys with muscles bigger than her head, and the obligatory nerd who was trying to be cool and failing miserably. Oh, and with some guy called Marvel who had been trying to explain to her that his real name was Logan Stark, and Marvel was just a nickname. She hadn't really cared. All she'd been able to think about had been the fact that he had awful BO. And she'd offered up a simple prayer of 'Save me. Anyone.' "Hey Katniss!" It had been like music to her ears - a familiar voice, one who liked to curse at video games in their common room and of which there was zero chance the owner was trying to hit on her. "Hi Peeta," she'd grinned over Marvel's shoulder in greeting. "I've been looking for you," he'd told her, "I wanted to show you something outside." She'd raised an eyebrow at him, only to have him raise one in a mirror image to her. Then he'd slid his eyes across to Marvel, and rolled them. Ohhhhhhh. Of course. "Ah, sure," she'd agreed, then had smiled the fakest apologetic smile she'd possibly ever mustered. "Sorry Mar-I mean Logan. I have to go outside with Peeta." "Whatever," he'd muttered, glaring at Peeta before storming off. The minute he'd been out of earshot, they'd both started chuckling. "Thanks for that," Katniss had told him, and had gestured around her. "Somehow I got wedged in here and I felt like I'd need some Indiana Jones manoeuvres to get out of here without a bit of help." "Well you did look a little like a wild animal being captured against her will," Peeta had agreed, then wrinkled his nose, held out his hand to her. "Seriously, though, do you want to go outside? It smells like shit in here." "Sure," she'd agreed; she'd taken his hand and followed him out to the backyard into air that had blessedly, finally, started to cool down. That was the first night Peeta saved her from a dud hit-up. Two weeks later, she'd returned the favour, interrupting him mid conversation at the local coffee house while a blonde in the shortest running shorts she'd ever seen trailed a red fingernail up his arm, and Peeta had looked like he'd been sucking on a lemon while he gently tried to shrug her hand off. And over the next six months, on the few occasions they saw the other being hit on, obviously not enjoying it and the person hitting on them completely oblivious to their disinterest, there had been an unspoken agreement to help the other out. Another week later, and an official agreement had been reached - no paperwork, just a simple shaking of hands, with one stipulation; that the only time the agreement wasn't in effect was if one of them was dating someone, so as to avoid awkward conversations and explanations. That stipulation hadn't bothered Katniss at all. She'd reminded Peeta that she'd already explained to him at the start of freshman year- when Adrian Gloss had asked her out and she'd turned him down - that she wasn't looking for dates, let alone relationships, while she was at Panem U anyway. Throughout their final two years of college, and even after they graduated, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark were each others beard, their saviour in case of unwelcome advances or a bad dating emergency. And it had worked perfectly. Until. 2014 "Kat, you need to get out more," Prim, Katniss' younger sister, ordered over the phone. There was a rustle down the line, and Katniss knew from experience that it meant Prim had wedged the receiver between her neck and shoulder, and had reached for whatever nail polish was the colour of the moment. "Why?" Katniss sighed. "My aim isn't to get dates, Prim - it's to work." "Yeah, work yourself into oblivion." "I don't," Katniss argued. "I just take my job seriously." "Yeah, too seriously," Prim countered, and clucked her tongue. "Come on, Kat. I love you, but for once I would love it if you called and had a story about how you kissed a guy in a club, or how you and Madge stayed out all night until the sun rose and-" "Madge already does that," Katniss interjected. "And you don't," Prim countered. "Just...come on. You're only 23 once, alright? Your college years were already horrendously boring-" "Hey!" "And you need to have some fun." Katniss shifted from her position on her sofa to the floor, stretching out so that her toes touched the TV unit and the fingertips of her free hand brushed the bottom of the sofa. "I have fun," she argued. "What, out at the archery range? Katniss, again, that's part of your job . Hell, I've been at Panem State for less than a year, and I swear I've done more in that time than what you did in an entire 4 years." She stared up at the ceiling, and at the light fixture that was shooting swirling patterns across it. "Like what?" she asked. "You're not pledging or any of that shit, are you?" She heard Prim cough lightly. "No, no, not at all," she assured Katniss - but she knew that tone. Of course Prim was. It was right up her alley. "Anyway, I have to go. Go - call up Madge or your backup plan this weekend and hit up a club or something." "My backup plan?" Katniss queried. "Oh you know, Peeta. The guy you made that deal with a few years ago." "He's not my backup plan , Prim," Katniss retorted hotly, a flush beginning to creep across her cheeks. "We just agreed to help each other out if it looks like we're getting bothered by someone." "Mmmm-hmmm," Prim replied. "Priiiiiiim. What does mmmm-hmmm mean?" "Nothing, Katniss. Just please. Promise me you'll start doing stuff. Have a social life. Meet a guy. Get laid." "Prim!" "Promise!" Katniss sighed. "Fine. I promise. Probably not on the meet a guy and get laid part. But I promise I'll do stuff." "Good! I'm gonna text Madge and tell her so you can't skip out on it. Now, I gotta go. Kisses!" The dial tone beeped in her ear, and Katniss pulled the receiver away, looked at it incredulously. Kisses? What the hell? She dropped it on the floor beside her and immediately regretted the promise. Lying on the sofa later that night, Katniss ruminated over her phone call with Prim. She was perfectly happy with her life, she thought firmly. She'd graduated with honours 8 months prior from Panem U, a brand new degree in Forestry Management under her belt, and with a position with the Panem Forestry, Agriculture and Recreation department. She'd moved herself to a new one-bedroom apartment within walking distance of work, and which was still close enough to the city for her to only have to worry about 2 stops on the train to get there. She still saw Madge every week - and Gale, now that he'd finally put a ring on it - and regularly caught up with other friends she'd made through her years at university. Including Peeta. Absence, somehow, had made her heart feel exceptionally fond of him. (Not that she thought about that.) She dug her spoon into the carton of Phish Food again, popping the scoop of icy confectionery into her mouth. When it came down to it, the phone call had done nothing but frustrate her. She didn't need to go out and have fun by getting drunk and going to clubs and meeting boys and doing shit she had no interest in. She had plenty of fun - as she'd told Prim - at the Archery range that was part of the facilities at work, and seeing Madge, and hell, she'd even joined a reading club last month. And she most definitely didn't need a guy in her life. Nope. Not at all. She attacked the carton with a vengeance until there were no phish left. September 2009 It was gone midnight, for sure. The dorm halls were silent, most people either asleep or studying. Unfortunately for her, she couldn't do either - her brain was running a mile a minute, and Madge, her new roommate, was snoring her head off. So she'd done the only thing she could think of, and hightailed it to the common room, phone, iPod and a small carton of Ben and Jerry's in hand that she'd swiped from her and Madge's mini-fridge. At least there she might be able to play one of the video games she knew the guys left lying around, and bore her brain to sleep. But when she turned the corner into the room, expecting it to be empty, she'd instead rammed face first into a broad, muscular chest, and a tub of popcorn tumbled around her feet. " Ahhh shit," came a low male voice. "Sorry, sorry, I didn't mean to bump into you, I didn't see you there!" Katniss pressed the home button on her phone, held it up so that they had a little light. All she could see was a dark silhouette, and haphazard waves of hair. "It's ok, I didn't see you either. I guess that's what we both get for creeping around in the dark." The guy in front of her laughed, and she watched as he reached up and rubbed at the back of his neck, her eyes slowly adjusting to the dark. "True. Although I've always been told I sound like a herd of elephants running when I walk, so I rarely surprise anyone." He stuck out a hand. "Hi, I'm Peeta Mellark, freshman preparing one day to become a graphic designer, and that's my popcorn spread at your feet." She took his hand, appreciated the strong, firm grip. "Nice to meet you, Peeta. I'm Katniss, freshman preparing to conserve our forests, and I'm happy to help you pick the popcorn up." He laughed again, accepted her offer, and they both crouched down to pick up the displaced kernels. He explained he couldn't sleep and needed a snack; she relayed about Freight Train Undersee in her room, and her plan to play a video game or something to get her to sleep. His eyes had lit up and he'd offered to play as well, to keep her company. Two hours later, his Koopa Trooper had outshone her Mushroom, a new tub of popcorn had been devoured, the ice cream was long gone and they'd run through as many obligatory questions they could think of - why they'd picked what they were studying, where they were from, favourite colour, what sports they played, which star was better - Wars or Trek? Katniss had been surprised at how easy she'd found him to talk to, considering she still wasn't the most scintillating conversation maker out there. And considering how