His fingers closed over the elegantly curved doorknob, cold and smooth against his skin; when it turned easily in his hand, he breathed a sigh of relief. It wasn't that he didn't believe his brother, exactly, but from the rust that had almost obscured the brass lock from his eyes and the cobwebs that had danced through his hair as he'd crept through the dark, it was obvious that it had been a long time since someone had ventured down the tunnel. And he'd wondered if he'd come this far for nothing. But the middle Mellark brother - dictated at birth to be a troublemaker, deemed by the Scrolls to be an envoy instead of King - had proven his words true this time. Pushing open the door with only a slight creak to mar the quiet night, Peeta stepped out into the cool evening air. Freedom a balm on his tongue, the moonlight a glimmer of excitement in his eyes, he wished for a moment that the brothers' roles were reversed. But wishes were never granted, and his role in Panem had been determined a long time ago. Wrapping the long black coat he wore tighter around him, and yanking the black knit cap down over his blond waves, he crept into the shadows and melted into the dark. Tonight, he wasn't Peeta Mellark. Tonight, he didn't even have a name. By all accounts, the evening was still young. People danced and ate and drank in the streets, a whirlwind of colour and action that he never saw in the mansion. It was normally all pomp and circumstance and obligations there, dished out genially by his father, or more threateningly by his mother. His brothers - so rarely at home with the roles they had been pre-destined to fill - were the ones travelling to the ends of the country, and protecting the borders from those outside. His own days were spent studying, and learning, and preparing for the role he had been born for. But he yearned for the excitement that his brothers had experienced, yearned for a life outside the mansion. A burst of laughter from an alleyway startled him, and he turned, blue eyes wide and bright in the streetlights. A curvy blonde caught his eye as she sashayed past, turning slightly on her heel to wink lasciviously at him. He swallowed heavily, but allowed his lips to turn up in a small smile in return. She giggled, then continued on her way - he couldn't help but watch her hips sway as she walked. No one in the mansion walked like that. His older brother's wife didn't walk like that, but then again he'd never really looked at her that way. Tucking his hands in his pockets, Peeta wished he'd had the foresight to bring some coin with him, the smells from the restaurants tantalising, the bright lights of stores and entertainment venues beckoning him in. He'd never been in a District this late at night and was amazed at how alive it felt. He'd only been out at night in the Capitol itself a half dozen times and even then it had been short, accompanied by 3 security officers and his father, with very little time to explore of his own will. But tonight, even if he couldn't buy anything, eat anything or enter into any of the entertainment venues, it didn't matter. He was free - even if for just a short while - and he would enjoy it as much as he could. The feeling of anticipation and excitement coursing through his veins was enough for him. Her stomach grumbled, but that was nothing new. Katniss Everdeen couldn't remember the last time it hadn't ached with emptiness, the last day she hadn't felt at least a little hungry. Most days they were able to get by, making the most of the wild animals that crept into their district, harvesting the edible plants that grew in the small meadow that ran along part of one of their borders. With little rain, though, and an entire district on the edge of starvation, the animals had already been eaten or had disappeared into neighbouring districts, and the meagre meadow picked clean. The sight of her sister's collarbone almost protruding right through her pale flesh that morning had spurred her into action. She knew it was dangerous, but it was either this, or death. And she would rather risk it than leave any of them to that eventuality if it could be prevented. Wrapping her worn, threadbare coat around her, she slid close to the brick wall, thankful the moon was hidden for the moment behind thick, dark, clouds. She'd traveled as far north in Twelve as she was willing to go before crossing the boundary, and now was less than 500 meters into District One; but she could already smell, see, practically feel the difference. The air was cleaner, and the grass she'd crossed had been fresh, and full of dandelions. She could smell the smoke that meant fires burning in hearths, and the fragrant aroma of meat simmering in rich sauces. This was the reason she'd chosen to sneak through to One rather than Eleven - the bounty at her fingertips was much more plentiful than the fields of Eleven which - she'd heard - were as dry and fruitless as their own land. It was a far more beneficial choice to slip through the fence into One - so long as she didn't get caught. She'd never ventured this far into a neighbouring district before. Peering around a corner before stepping out, she was pleased to see a small bakery across the street, its windows shuttered and the lights off. If she could sneak out behind the back, there could very well be ruined or out of date loaves of bread dumped in the trash cans - and bread was easily concealable in the pockets of her pants and jacket. Her tread was light, her feet barely touching the ground as she darted across the cobbled walkway. She ignored a burst of laughter from streets away, and breathed a sigh of relief as she she made it to the alley that lined the side of the bakery without being seen. The trash cans were exactly where she expected them to be - the same place that they were kept beside the aging bakery in her own district - and she mentally crossed her fingers as she gently lifted the lid. The first smile to cross her lips in days appeared as she saw the two abandoned loaves resting on the top, a little burned, but otherwise completely edible. She and mother and Prim could feast on this for days if they rationed it right. Quickly stuffing one into the inside of her jacket, she held the other tightly in her hand - it was far too big to fit in the other pocket, but she'd risk it. A full belly for all three of them made it worth it. She began to replace the lid when what sounded like a gunshot echoed through the streets; her head flew up, and the lid slipped from her fingers with a clash and a clatter to the ground. The lights in the bakery flicked on instantaneously. With a curse, she shot out of the alley, getting caught up in a group of people throwing firecrackers onto the ground, dancing around the coloured snaps and sparks. She pushed her way through, but still heard the shouts, the accusations of " Seam rat! " and " Thief! ". But she ignored them, and kept running through the streets, around the people oblivious to her plight, with the pounding of feet on the pavement behind her. They were gaining, and gaining and gaining - With a thud, she slammed into a strong chest, firm arms clasping at her shoulders. She tried to shake them off, her heart pounding in terror, but all she succeeded in doing was dropping the bread to the ground at her feet. Shit. "Let me go," she hissed, staring up into a face that was shrouded by the dark of night except for the bright blue eyes that stared back at her. She half twisted in his arms, to see two men still forcing their way through the crowd, which had suddenly multiplied with the pulsing sounds of music from a trio of men with instruments. "Let me go !" He shook his head, before sliding a hand down her arm and interlacing his fingers with hers, drawing her back into the crowd. They slipped and pivoted around people, and though everything inside her screamed to get away, to shake off this guy who had a firm and warm grip on her hand, she found she couldn't. She only hoped she could trust him, that he was actually helping her, and not leading her into a trap. Whirling them around a corner, her breath caught in her throat as she was pressed up against a wall; without missing a beat, he cupped his hands around her cheeks and kissed her. Kissed her as though his life depended on it, kissed her as though it was the last kiss he would ever have. His lips were warm and soft on hers, his breath gentle against her cheek. His thumbs stroked along her cheekbone, down to her jaw, to the small pressure point below her ear. Her hands reached involuntarily for the back of his neck, and the tufts of golden curls that poked out under the wool cap; soon she couldn't breathe, couldn't think. She could barely stand. She vaguely thought that maybe making out at the slag heap had some merit. She pressed herself closer to him, the warmth of his body as appealing as the way he made her heart pound. His tongue slid along the bow peak of her upper lip, and she couldn't help the moan that echoed from her mouth. He swallowed it, quieting the night, and in the stillness she heard feet thunder past, then dim and echo down the street. With it, he pulled away, his mouth leaving hers with a final soft, gentle pull on her bottom lip. "Sorry about that," he murmured, his fingers drifting down her neck, and she could feel her pulse hammer under his touch. "But I figured it would be the only way they wouldn't spot us." "I, uh…." she trailed off, unsure what to say to the stranger in front of her. He was saying sorry for kissing her like that? "Thank you?" "Is that a question?" he replied, a small smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. "N-no, if course not," she stammered. Then she took a deep breath, and slid her hands from his neck to his chest, pushing him away. It was as if it had suddenly hit her, how close they were in proximity to each other. "Thank you. But I could have gotten away very well on my own." "I don't doubt it," he said, tucking his tongue firmly in cheek. "Probably better than if I hadn't gotten in your way." "Probably," she retorted. She felt the tension in her shoulders begin to rise - she couldn't help it. It happened every time anyone made fun of her, and she had the distinct feeling this stranger was doing just that. "But at least you're safe now," he told her gently, as if sensing her shift in mood. "What were they after you for?" Shrugging, and figuring she had nothing to lose, held open the side of her jacket to show him the bread. "I was a little hungry." "You stole it?" His mouth dropped open in surprise. "Yes," she snapped. "I can't afford to buy food, so I do what I gotta do." "But everyone in One is well fed and can afford food," he said in confusion. "Yeah, well I'm not from One either." The