It was hot. Ridiculously hot - sweat pearled across her brow, ran a shaky line down her spine, made the thin shorts she wore stick to the back of her thighs like a second skin. For the ten billionth time, she asked herself if coming here had really been the smartest decision - then, looking over at her sister, answered it the same way she had every other time. Yes, of course it was. Except…right now, Katniss Everdeen was hot, bothered and felt like a complete fish out of water. And she was a very, very long way from home. At this time of year, she was used to dubiously patterned knitted sweaters and snow piled up to her knees and caps tucked over her ears and eggnog and fireplaces. What she wasn't used to, was shorts and flip-flops and spending the afternoon in the pool and eating cold seafood and hearing demands for the A/C to be blasted to full. Her sister had somehow managed to become used to it. Meeting an Australian on one of those drink til you drop vacation tours that made Katniss cringe just thinking about, Prim Everdeen had fallen in love, gotten married and hightailed it to the other side of the world. And after spending the last two Christmases apart, Katniss had finally managed to scrounge up enough vacation leave to visit her sister in her new homeland. She'd been excited - not only by the idea of seeing Prim after such a long time, but the idea of visiting somewhere new. Katniss had barely stepped outside of their hometown, Seam Valley, let alone gone anywhere outside of the US. Except in the flurry of packing, finishing up a proposal at work and finalising the travel insurance she'd forgotten to do until the last minute, she hadn't really paid enough heed to any of Prim's comments about the heat and weather at this time of year. She wished she had. Because while she'd known it would be hot, she hadn't understood just how hot. And if she had, she probably still wouldn't be so weirded out by the fact that it was two days out from Christmas and she'd spent most of the day in a bikini. Frosty the Snowman was most definitely not welcome here. "Hey Katniss, you doing okay?" Prim's husband Damian - tall, tanned, with broad shoulders and a messy head of blond waves - rested a hand on her shoulder, holding out an ice-cold beer towards her with the other. She took it, and nodded. "Yeah, I'm fine," she said faintly, rolling the chilled bottle across her forehead. "It's just-" "Hot, I know," he grinned. "I promise it's not normally like this. Well, not this bad, anyway. We normally get pretty decent breezes here at Christmas which help, but…yeah. Not exactly Christmas in Seam Valley, right?" She snorted, remembered the first Christmas Prim and Damian had spent together in their hometown. The poor guy had spent the entire week in about ten layers of thermals. "About as far away as you can get." She took a sip of the beer, then tipped her head towards the pool. "You going in?" "Nah. I gotta go pick up my cousin from the airport in about 5. I was just grabbing my thongs when I saw you on the deck and figured you needed a drink before I left." It took her a moment to remember not to be absolutely horrified by the thought of Damian in a thong (it's different, Katniss, remember it's different!) , before her brows drew together. "There's still more people to come?" He laughed. "We drag a pretty big crew together for Christmas. Our family, plus my mum's sister and her family, and my dad's brother and his family. Plus Del's in-laws, and a few other family ring-ins here and there. We come here from pretty much all over Australia just for this. There's usually 23 rellies here on the actual day. Now 24 with you." "Wait - rellies means relatives, right?" Damian grinned. "Yep." "Holy shit," Katniss muttered under her breath. She was used to a Christmas with her uncle Haymitch, her neighbours next door - and Prim, until the last few years. "You know I'm never going to remember everyone's name." "No worries about that," Damian assured her. "They won't expect you to." With a mock salute, he stepped away. "Anyway, when Prim drags herself out of the pool, let her know I'll be back in about an hour or so." Katniss nodded rather than replying, then turned back to face the pool that was already overflowing with Prim, Damian's sister Delly and her husband Thom, their two children and two people she wasn't entirely sure she'd met yet. The kids squealed and laughed, shooting each other - and an equally laughing Prim - with oversized water guns. Christmas was definitely going to be different this year. "I'm being serious, Katniss. You might not believe it, but I am." Her little sister's eyes were wide, honest, pleading, her hands cupped around her coffee mug like it was a lifeline. "You met a guy on your vacation and now you want to get married." She couldn't help the incredulity that tinged her voice, but the one thing she hadn't expected Prim to say when she returned home from Europe was that she'd met someone, and wanted to settle down, at the ripe age of 22. Weren't those tours the ones where you sowed your wild oats or stupid shit like that, not where you met your future husband? Right? "Yes, that's exactly it!" It took Katniss a moment to realise Prim was answering her spoken, rather than unspoken, question. "But you've known this guy all of 5 minutes! Where will you live?! We live in a poky two bedroom apartment, Prim, which barely accommodates the two of us." She watched Prim swallow heavily, the words falling from her lips hesitantly. "Um, we, uh, wouldn't live here. We'd, um, live in Australia. Near Sydney, where his family lives." The announcement hit her like a ton of bricks, and she took a startled step back. "You…want to move to Australia." She said the words carefully, as though each one were a ticking time bomb. Prim nodded, studied the mug in her lap. "I've already looked into it, I can continue my nursing studies down there. And I can't ask Damian to leave his business behind. He flips houses, Katniss, and he's really good at it. Like, really good. Insanely good." "He can do that here," Katniss said stubbornly, folding her arms across her chest. "We have houses too, you know." "But I don't want him to," Prim said quietly, lifting her gaze. "I want to move there." Dropping sullenly to the sofa beside Prim, Katniss sighed. "What about me? You're just going to gallivant across the world and leave me here?" That was the problem, more than anything else. She'd lost her dad, and then her mom, in quick succession in her teens. Prim was it. And now…and now she wanted to go. Resting her hand on Katniss' knee, Prim smiled. "Maybe for once, you'll start to live for you, not for me. Put yourself first, for once." She tucked a wayward strand of blonde hair - recently chopped off into a sassy bob that made her look sophisticated and glamorous - behind her ear. "I promise it won't be any time soon. I want Damian to come here first, meet you and Uncle Haymitch. I'd still like to get married here. But long term…we'll be there. And I'm not completely dropping off the face of the earth - you can always visit, you know. Mi casa es tu casa and all that." Biting down on her lower lip to try and distract herself from the tears that pricked at the corner of her eyes, Katniss sighed, reached out and shucked her sister on the chin. She knew, regardless of anything else, her sister's happiness always came first. "Ahhh, dammit, when the hell did you grow up, Little Duck? Speaking Spanish, getting sassy haircuts, getting married…" "Don't worry, I still watched Adventure Time this morning," Prim whispered conspiratorially, and Katniss snorted a laugh back. At least some things never changed. She'd just popped a cold shrimp in her mouth when Damian stepped through the sliding door onto the back deck, talking a mile a minute in a shorthand of local colloquialisms she'd quickly realised she'd never figure out. Since her arrival, Katniss had determined that here, there was a penchant for adding an 'O' or an 'IE' to practically anything you could - she'd already heard the liquor store called the 'bottle-o', the gas station called the 'servo', and Prim's father-in-law was Johnno, as opposed to just John. The BBQ was referred to as the barbie, and breakfast - hell, the argument over the right way to spell its affectionate nickname (brekkie had narrowly beaten out breakie in the Cartwright Family Poll) had taken up virtually an entire morning. But despite all of that, she still didn't understand what the hell Damian was referring to while he blathered on about getting absolutely shitfaced and passing out on a maccas slide the weekend before schoolies . Except for shitfaced. She at least knew whatever had been going on, people had been drunk. Very drunk. Dropping a chilled six pack of beers on the table, Damian leant down and planted a loud, smacking kiss on Prim's head before dropping into the seat beside her, running a hand through his wind-tousled blond hair. "Sorry we're late. Apparently there was a huuuuuuge line-up at the baggage carousel that took forever." Damian rolled his eyes, shooting his gaze back up to the other man still lingering in the doorway, shadows playing across his face and making him unrecognisable. "There was a huge line up," the other man protested. "It was insane. I've got no reason to lie to you, Damo." Damian smirked wryly. "Other than the curvy redhead you came strolling out with, batting her eyelashes at you, practically climbing you like a tree? You're a stud, man, and you know the ladies love you. I'm pretty sure the only line was the one you were feeding her to get her number - and I'll bet you got it, too. When's the date?" "Leave him alone," Delly admonished good naturedly from the other end of the table, before she grinned and flipped her long, damp braid over her shoulder. "He can't help his ridiculous levels of charm and pretty boy face." Barely holding back a scoff at Damian and Delly's words, Katniss snagged another shrimp and pursed her lips as she chewed on it. From the sounds of things, she'd known plenty of guys like this one. Guys who used their charm and wiles to get a girl into their arms or - in a lot of cases - into their bed, only to dump them almost immediately. She'd seen it happen with her college roommate, Johanna, had seen it happen at virtually every frat party she'd reluctantly been dragged along to. It had even happened to her, while she was still young and naive enough to think that Cato Anderson had ever really given a shit about her. Prim had never mentioned a playboy cousin before, and to be honest, the last thing she wanted over this vacation was to have some cocky Australian strutting around, crowing about his conquests. She just wanted a nice, quiet time with her sister and her new family - no waves, no annoyances, and absolutely no assholes. Then the new arrival stepped outside into the faint afternoon light, and Katniss finally got her first glimpse of him. And she immediately choked on her food. He was insanely attractive. Possibly the most attractive guy she'd ever seen. Of course he was. Thumping at her chest, and reaching blindly for her glass of ice water, she gulped the