It was the buzzing of his phone against the top of his bedside table that dragged him unwillingly from sleep - without even opening his eyes, Peeta Mellark stretched out an arm, clutched at the phone and dragged it back under the covers with him. "'Lo." "Peet, it's Ethen." He sighed, long and low and deep, then attempted to clear his throat. "Dude, it's my one Saturday off this month. Let me sleep in." "Yeah, well, I got woken up before my alarm too, so cry me a river." Peeta threw the covers off, but still refused to open his eyes. If it didn't look like morning, he could pretend that it wasn't. "Alright, what is it?" "Mitchell's sick. Food poisoning." He screwed up his nose in distaste, even though he knew it was for no one's benefit but his own. "Dammit, he went to that new fusion place on Snow Avenue, didn't he? The one we warned him wasn't up to code." "Bingo." On the other end of the line, Ethen Mellark sounded a combination of exhausted, resigned and annoyed. And it wasn't even 9am yet. "Shit." "I know. Look, I wouldn't normally ask you, I know you deserve the day off. But Homes and Amanda are both out of town and-" "When do you want me there?" The relief in Ethen's reply was palpable. "We were already down one on the lunch shift, so if you could go in at about 11, do some prep, help out on the floor before dinner-" "I'll be there at 11." Peeta cut his brother off again, otherwise he knew Ethen would be off on a tirade about lack of staff and wishing he'd never agreed to give people the weekend off. "Now I'm going back to sleep for an hour." He pressed the end call button, dropped the phone back on the table, and cocooned himself in the blankets again. Sometimes owning your own business was a bitch. Later, as Peeta stood in the middle of his kitchen, sipping at a hot mug of tea - milk, no sugar - munching on a two day old muffin and scrolling through the news headlines on his phone, he knew that there was going to be only one silver lining to working on his Saturday off. "Your girlfriend just got here." Peeta rolled his eyes, kept kneading the dough on the flour dusted bench in front of him. He'd had this discussion with his brother a million times already, and would undoubtedly have it another million times more, and he didn't have time right now to listen to this BS. It was already midday, and he had rolls to bake and desserts to start prepping for tonight's service. "She's not my girlfriend." "Oh, that's right, of course she isn't." Aaran Mellark - the middle brother, and self-proclaimed ladies' man of the family - leant against the door leading to the walk-in refrigerator, folding his arms across his chest. "Because you still haven't manned up enough to ask her out yet; you just keep pining after her like you're a 16 year old virgin." "It would be inappropriate." "Why and how, exactly?" This time, Peeta looked up, annoyance clear in his bright blue eyes. The last thing he wanted today was his brother busting his ass over this. "Because she's our employee, Aaran. It wouldn't be right." Aaran ran a hand through hair that was close to becoming long enough to pull back into a ponytail. "Well, I can't remember us ever including that in the employment contracts. Because if we have, oops! I've broken that clause a number of times." "I know you have." Peeta stepped back from the counter and brushed his hands on the front of his apron, remembering the two waitresses Aaran had juggled the summer before. "But I'm not you, and you're not me, and I'm happy just being friends with Katniss." "Sure you are," Aaran grinned. "But maybe she's not." "What's that supposed to mean?" "Oh, I don't know. Maybe I just like yanking your chain. Maybe she doesn't stare after you when you leave a room." "What? What are you even talking about?" He felt his heart speed up quickly, then slow down again just as fast. Of course he was just yanking his chain. Katniss didn't pay any more attention to him than she did anyone else. "You're such an asshole, Aaran. We're just friends, and that's all. I'm absolutely fine just being friends with her." Aaran turned, opening the door to the fridge before moving inside, his voice echoing back out to Peeta. "Alright, whatever. Keep telling yourself that." And Peeta would. But he knew it wasn't the truth. The Mellark Arms - The MA for short - had been a Panem staple for as long as anyone could remember, a small hotel/bar/restaurant on the outskirts of town that had a steady but loyal clientele, and appealed to travellers heading towards the Capitol to the west, or the mountains to the north. Originally opened by his grandparents, his parents had eventually taken it over and - when they were ready to retire - had handed it over to their three sons. His mother had been unimpressed that she was relinquishing it to three bachelors ("Why I was lumped with a group of men with no interest of providing a new generation to hand the legacy over to anytime soon, I'll never know" was her favoured complaint), but his father had insisted. After a heart scare, Nolan Mellark had refused to take any more risks - Florida was the intended retirement destination and he was going to make sure they made it there. And two years earlier, they finally had. Originally inspired by the old fashioned English pubs and hotels his grandparents had fallen in love with during their honeymoon, the Mellark Arms had always been filled with dark panelling, old-fashioned four poster beds with floral bedspreads and low, romantic lighting. And while their parents had been happy to continue that tradition, the three Mellark brothers had decided that if they were going to make this their livelihood, if they were going to spend virtually every day of the foreseeable future there, they wanted to make it their own. The inspiration they'd wanted to keep, but bit by bit changes had started to be implemented and renovations had begun. The bar still had that feeling of an English pub, just with a modern twist - the panelling remained, albeit on a smaller scale and highlighted by the freshly painted biscuit coloured walls, new bench seats covered with brightly striped cushions and fireplaces with wide wooden mantles. The restaurant was remodelled with a light colour palette, sturdy dark wood tables covered in white tablecloths and flickering candle holders, glass doors installed that opened up to gardens overflowing with flowers. It made it feel fresh, inviting, warm, friendly. But it was the ten hotel rooms that took up the second floor of the building that had changed the most. They'd all agreed on that, no matter how much their mother had bitched at them about 'throwing history away'. Where downstairs retained that nod to tradition, the refurbished rooms now screamed elegance and modernity. Marble baths, rainfall showerheads, pillow menus, heated flooring, extensive soundproofing, beds that were bigger than anything Peeta had ever slept in, all with views overlooking the cultivated gardens, or towards the bustling street below. Now the rooms were, undoubtedly, their biggest drawcard. The renovations had cost them more than the inheritance they'd been left from their grandparents, but the brothers had all agreed that, in the long run, it was going to be money well spent. And with their own skillsets fitting into the running of the business almost perfectly - Peeta as primary baker and dessert chef, Aaran as the restaurant manager and the eldest Ethen as the bar and general business manager - the time since they'd taken over had flown by, and things had been going well. At least, it had, until their cousin Delly, the Accommodation Manager, had fallen in love with an Australian and had moved to the other side of the world. Therefore, Katniss Everdeen was the first person outside the Mellark family to hold a managerial position within the business in over 40 years. It had been 3 months since she'd first walked inside The Mellark Arms; nervous, quiet, but more than qualified and competent to fill Delly's vacated role. While interaction with the guests themselves wasn't her strong point - and she'd readily admitted that in her interview - her attention to detail, planning and ability to think on her feet had made her an ideal candidate. His brothers liked to tease him that the only reason he'd insisted on hiring her over the other applicants had been because he looked like he'd been hit by a truck when she'd first walked in. He'd steadfastly denied it, citing her experience and good references, though looking back now, he had to admit the whole hit by a truck thing had been fairly apt. Because Katniss had absolutely stolen his breath and made his heart tumble to his feet the minute he'd laid eyes on her. But despite the fact that he was desperately attracted to her, and that the feeling continued to grow exponentially, he couldn't make a move. It was wrong. It was inappropriate. And she already had a boyfriend. "Oof!" Peeta rounded the corner, a stack of dirty plates in one hand, the other pushing open the swinging door that led through to the kitchen. He hadn't expected anyone to be on the other side - Aaran and Chris would have been too busy cooking, and Clove was still out on the floor - and he definitely didn't expect it to be Katniss' head that popped around the opening door, one hand delicately balancing a cheese and cracker laden platter, the other rubbing her nose. "Peeta! What are you doing here?" She sounded surprised, a little shocked. "I work here, remember?" he said wryly, as she opened the door in her direction, giving him room to move into the kitchen. His arm brushed against hers slightly, and he fought to hide his reaction of the feeling of her skin against his. It was the same current of electricity, every damn time, and she was utterly oblivious to it. "But it's your day off, so I wasn't...oh." She followed him back inside, then looked over to where Aaran and Chris were putting the finishing touches on a handful of meals at the centre island, before her gaze sympathetically returned to Peeta. "You got roped into covering for Mitchell, didn't you?" "Yup." He dumped the pile of dishes on the counter, scraping the remnants of the meals into the bin and stacking the plates into the industrial dishwasher. He turned back to her, shrugged. "Plus they were already running short staffed today with Amanda and Homes out of town. Just no rest for the wicked, I guess." She rolled her eyes. "You're hardly the wicked, Peeta. Far from it." From the other side of the room, he could feel Aaran's eyes on them, glanced over long enough to see his brother pull a lasciviousface. Yeah, he didn't need to give his brother any more ammunition today. Moving back to the door, and gesturing to Katniss to follow him, they headed out into the dining room, slowly but surely emptying out after the lunch rush. He tried not to focus on the faint scent that always seemed to surround her - lush and fresh, like the woods on a spring morning - the scent that he swore stuck with him for days while he tried not to think of her. "It's good you were able to come in," she was saying, and he forced himself to tune back in, and to stop wondering if her skin tasted as good as it smelt. "When I arrived, I thought Ethen was