She pulled the zip up on the side of her dress with a little more force than she supposed it required. But she wasn't really keen on the idea of going out to start with, let alone putting on the one dress she'd packed, and wearing a stupid mask on her face all night. So the zip was getting the brunt of her annoyance. Come to the masquerade! Jo had said. It'll be fun! Madge echoed. I just want to sit in a plaza and eat gelato, she'd argued. But they hadn't listened, and poked and prodded and cajoled and threatened until she'd finally given in and signed up for the masquerade 'ball' that was being held that night. In the mirror, Katniss studied the forest green dress she wore, its skirt flouncing slightly around her knees, with slim spaghetti straps and a slight V that showed just a hint of cleavage. It was a little more...flesh-baring than she normally wore, but she'd had to buy something before they'd left on their holiday. It had been the only half decent thing she'd liked when she'd done an emergency dash to the mall two days before they'd left. "Everdeen, quit hogging the damn bathroom would ya?" Jo's impatience was evident even through the closed door, and Katniss couldn't help but grin to herself. She knew exactly why Jo was so impatient, and it had something to do with the tall, dark and handsome guy she'd been flirting with since day one of their tour. "Coming, coming," she replied, snatching the black and green half mask - adorned with silver crystals and a smattering of glitter - off the counter, and tying it around her face, the ribbon falling artfully through the dark waves cascading down her back. She had to admit that with the smoky eye make-up Madge had applied - combined with the mask, the hair and the glossy lips - she looked half decent. She only wished she even cared about the 'ball'. Yanking the door open, she found Madge and Jo standing impatiently in the middle of the hotel room they were sharing, Jo in a fitted black mini-dress and a red mask that actually looked a little frightening, Madge in a teal blue dress that ended just above her knees and a mask that almost looked like it had been dyed to match. "Well don't you look like the shit," Jo commented, before pushing past. "Now I gotta pee. Be out in 5, then we can go." The door slammed behind her, and Madge and Katniss glanced at each other before snickering. "Jo's right, you do look good," Madge told her. "So do you," Katniss replied. "But do I really have to go?" Madge sighed, glancing in the mirror and twisting one of her blonde curls around her finger before letting it go; it bounced perfectly back into place. "You came on this vacation to have some fun, right?" "Yeah." "To forget about home for a bit?" "Yeah." She still felt guilty about that . "And Prim wanted you to have some fun before you start your final year of college." The last was a statement, not a question. "Yeah." "So have some fun. C'mon, Katniss, we're in freaking Italy and we're only halfway through the trip. You've gotta start socialising with some of the others on the tour, ok? You can't just keep to yourself during the social activities." Katniss nodded reluctantly, then pursed her lips. "But we can still get gelato later, right?" Madge shook her head, but still couldn't help the grin on her face. "Yes, we can." At least she had one thing to look forward to. Stepping inside, she had to admit that the function room the masquerade was taking place in looked amazing. It was in a little building not far from the Rialto Bridge, bedecked in fairy lights, fabric draped elegantly across the ceiling and framing the windows, with fake marble pillars dotted throughout the room. It opened out onto a courtyard similarly glittering with lights, and she thought she could almost imagine it was 200 years earlier - if it wasn't for Pitbull and Kesha blasting through the speakers. Not exactly what she thought they'd play at a legit masquerade. The room was full, not just with people from their own tour group, but evidently a bunch of others as well. It didn't surprise her - meandering her way through the winding streets of Venice the last two days, she'd seen people with the tell-tale lanyards around their neck, the groups hurriedly running after their tour director before he turned a corner and was lost to them forever. It just showed what a tourist mecca this city was. "How are we going to find anyone in here?" Jo moaned, eyes frantically scanning the room. Katniss raised her eyebrow at her, before she realised that, with her mask in place, Jo couldn't see it anyway. "Hair and height is a pretty good indicator," she told her wryly. "I'm sure you'll find your boyfriend sooner or later." "He's not my boyfriend," Jo murmured. "I just want to bang him." Madge clucked her tongue - the only one of the three with a steady boyfriend back home, she'd studiously knocked back the advances of at least two of the douchebags on their tour. "Either way, we're just here to eat, drink and probably dance til our feet hurt. Bar?" "Bar," Jo echoed, and Katniss tagged along with nothing better to do. She was fine with the first two - the dancing, though, was another story. It wasn't bad, she had to admit later, as she took a pull from the beer bottle clasped in her hand. In the last couple of hours she had drunk her payments worth, and had gobbled at least half a dozen of the mini pizzas that circulated the room. People in masks of various shapes, colours and sizes had surrounded her, adding a sense of mystery and fun and frivolity to the night she hadn't really expected. She'd - reluctantly - danced a little, and had been glad for the flats she'd insisted on wearing. Jo had been lost an hour into the night, and Madge had disappeared 15 minutes later - Katniss assumed a bathroom had claimed her, because unlimited alcohol and Madge weren't a terrific combo. Which meant it was an opportune time to sneak out, and get what she really wanted. If they were looking for her, they'd figure it out soon enough; as it was, she had to be back by 11 for the water taxi back to the hotel anyway. She had plenty of time. Another tray of pizzas passed by, and without thinking she reached out, her fingers closing around the thin crust of one the moment another hand - this one strong, with long fingers and a wide palm - did. They did a slight tug of war before she glanced up quickly and noted the guy in front of her was looking at her strangely. She immediately dropped it, picking up another and shoving it in her mouth. "Sorry," he apologised. "I should have let you have that one." "All good," she replied through a mouthful of cheese. She swallowed quickly. "I still got one." "I'm glad," he told her with a grin. She felt a quick lurch in her belly at the blinding charm that seemed to burst out of the smile, and hurriedly looked away. It didn't matter though; the impression of blue eyes behind a black and gold mask and messy blond waves falling over his forehead had embedded themselves in her brain. Quit it, Katniss. You're not here to meet anyone. "They're good, huh?" He asked, popping the last of the pizza in his mouth and sliding his hands in the front pockets of his jeans. "I'm in Italy," Katniss said simply. "Of course the pizza is good." "That's true," he agreed. Awkward silence fell around them, despite the music blaring around the room, and the cacophony of voices. She didn't know if she was meant to say anything more, but she couldn't think of anything - conversation, stilted or otherwise, wasn't her strong point. She began to turn on her heel to walk away when he cleared his throat, the question tumbling from his mouth quickly. "So, uh, how are you finding the masquerade?" Katniss turned back to face him and shrugged. "It's not been too bad. It seems like a good opportunity to just drink, eat, hang out and pretend I'm Venetian." "Well, you look very Venetian, whatever that means," he smiled. "I like your mask." "It's just a cheap one," she said automatically. "One of the ones they sell to tourists who can't afford the real thing." "Same. I literally bought it an hour before this started. I wasn't going to come, but my friend Finnick made me." "My girlfriends made me come too," Katniss screwed up her face. "I'm not really one for these kind of things." "Masquerades?" "The drinking and hanging out. You know, socialising." She shrugged. "All I wanted was gelato." "You haven't had any yet?" She could hear the surprise in his voice. "Of course I have," she scoffed. "Just, uh...not today." Yes she had, right after lunch. He smiled, and she looked away again, around the room that was getting busier and busier by the moment. The fuller the room became, the more Katniss was surprised at how odd it was not to really be able to see anyone's face. She was glad she'd made the decision to leave. "What do you say we get out of here and get some gelato?" "What?" Her gaze whipped back to him, her mouth agape. He gestured around the room. "Do you really want to stay here?" "No..." "Do you want some gelato?" "Yes." "Then c'mon. Let's go get some." She looked down at the hand outstretched towards hers, then back up at his obscured face. "But I don't know you." "I don't know you either," he countered. "I promise we can stay in highly populated areas. Which, considering where we are, shouldn't be a problem. But if it makes you feel any better, my name is Peeta, and I'm from New York state." "Peeta?" She asked doubtfully. It sounded made up. He crossed his fingers in front of her. "It's really my name, I promise. Now you're the only one who's a stranger." Katniss' bottom lip poked out, and she worried it between her teeth. "Katniss, from Pennsylvania," she finally murmured. "Katniss?" he echoed. "Yes," she retorted. "I'm not making it up, you know." He laughed. "Then we're even. We both have names that people think are fake. I do, however, think yours is lovely," he said with a smile. "It's nice to meet you Katniss. Now, what do you say to this gelato? Are you going to come with me?" She took a deep breath, a hundred scenarios running through her mind that all ended with her floating at the bottom of a canal. But then she caught his eye, and they were so sincere, completely free of malice, that she couldn't help but think what the hell . She took his hand. He smiled, and began to weave them through the room towards the front door. A big, beefy guy in black stamped their hands on their way out, before they stepped out into the early evening. It still amazed her how late the sun set here during the summer - it was 8pm, and the angle of the sun made it feel like 4. She loved it. "Wait!" she said, before they moved any further. Her fingers reached up into her hair, began to untie the ribbons that held the mask in place. "I just want to remove my mask." "Why?" "Why?" she echoed incredulously. "Because people will look at me weird." He shrugged. "But you're halfway across the world from home - the only people