A submission for Prompts in Panem, March/April 2015. Day 1 - Cheeks. She stared impatiently out the window, at the last vestiges of sunlight dancing through the trees that lined the end of Capitol Drive. Normally, Katniss Everdeen would try and appreciate the sight - Peeta had taught her a long time ago that sometimes it was worth it to just stop and appreciate those normal, everyday things - but she couldn't right now, not when he was late. 15 minutes late, to be exact, and he was never, ever late. Which meant Peeta was either stuck at the bakery, he'd fallen asleep after his shift, or he was bailing. She could handle the first two options. But the third? He'd better damn well not be bailing. Nervously lifting a hand, she went to tug on the end of her braid before her fingers slid through thin air and she remembered it wasn't there; instead she had to settle for smoothing her hair back over her shoulder. In place of her usual braid, Prim had insisted she let her curl it, and it now swung around her in long, black, voluminous waves. It was pretty, she'd begrudgingly admitted, but not entirely practical. Which was exactly the point, Prim had told her with a self-important 14 year old know-it-all roll of her eyes. " Practical is meant for biology class and working at the campgrounds, not your high school graduation party, " Prim had informed her matter-of-factly, and for once Katniss hadn't argued. Because, as much as she hated to admit it, she kind of liked the idea of being pretty tonight. The party itself, she didn't really particularly care about. She was only going because Madge and Peeta, her two best friends, were. And because they were all off to different colleges - or at least, that's where Madge and Peeta were going - they'd insisted she go, one last hurrah for the three of them together, so to speak. So she'd agreed, albeit reluctantly, because they'd had a point. But as for the feeling pretty part…well that was another thing entirely. Because tonight she planned to tell Peeta that she liked him. Tell him that the almost-kiss they'd shared the weekend before out at the lake while Gale and Madge had been grabbing ice-creams had kept her up every night this week, cursing the what if . She was going to tell him that she'd liked him for longer than she cared to admit, liked him a lot more than she ever thought she'd ever like anyone. Tonight, she felt, was her do or die night, her last chance. If he had bailed, or if she left it any later, she wasn't sure she'd ever get to tell him, and then she'd probably lose him to some dumb college bimbo. She hated that non-existent bitch already. Glancing down at her watch again, she sighed, leant forward and rested her head against the window frame. If he wasn't here in the next 5 minutes, she was scrubbing off this stupid makeup, stripping off, changing into her sweats and hunkering down in the living room with Netflix. And if Madge got pissed at her for not showing up, then she could blame it all on- Her thoughts were interrupted as she saw twin lights flash down the street, and Peeta's old second-hand Jeep pulled sharply into the driveway. "About damn time," she muttered, snatching her purse from the sofa and heading for the front door. Butterflies filled her stomach as she locked the door behind her, then leapt down the three front steps in one go. "Late much?" She greeted as she yanked on the door handle on the passenger side and slid into the seat, her nervousness overriding any pleasantries. "Sorry," he apologised. "I got caught up." Katniss slammed the door closed before snapping on her belt. "Closing the bakery?" "Something like that." He changed gears, putting the car into reverse, before backing down the driveway and turning out onto the street. "Nice hair." She rolled her eyes, even while his words made her heart skip a beat. "Shut up." "I'm being serious!" "Yeah, yeah, whatever." Flicking on the radio to buy herself some time - she told herself she couldn't just blurt it out to him immediately - Katniss turned the dial until she found Bruno Mars, left it at a level where she could still hear Peeta over the music as they spoke. "Anyway how is your mom and douche stepdad going to survive at the bakery when you go off to college? With all three boys out of the house now, they're actually going to have to do some work." "Who knows," Peeta replied, his hands gripping the steering wheel as he cruised around the next corner. "I'll just be glad to not have to wake up at 4.30am every day anymore." Katniss snorted and glanced across at him. How, for so many years, had she never noticed how elegant and strong his profile was? Why now, when in a matter of weeks, he was going to be living an hour away instead of 5 minutes? "So is that why you're wearing sunglasses at night, Cool Shit? To hide your bags from your lack of beauty sleep?" She saw his cheek twitch as he fought back a smile. "Maybe I'm just practicing for my impending College Asshole phase." "Haha," Katniss retorted, drew her legs up to her chest, her heels of her flats resting on the edge of her seat. She didn't think Peeta would ever be able to pull off being an asshole. He was too good, too caring, too…well, everything. Oh god, how was she going to tell him? "But seriously, you should take the glasses off. How can you even see to drive?" "It's not dark yet." "The sun has set." "Only just. I'm fine , I can see." Katniss hissed out her annoyance. Why was he being so stubborn about this? They were just stupid sunglasses, and he didn't look the slightest bit cool in them anyway. "Peeta, just take them off already." He sighed, he fingers clenching tightly around the steering wheel. "I don't want to." He said the words as if each one was separated by a full stop, his voice firm and sharp. "Why not? You're going to have to take them off at the party." She tucked her arms around her legs, her lips firming together in frustration; his sudden change in demeanour surprised her. "Look, if you don't take them off, Peeta, I'll take them off for you." "Katniss, just fucking quit bothering me about it!" He snapped, and the sudden bitterness in his tone sliced through her; her mouth dropped open in shock. In all the years she'd known him, he'd never once spoken to her like that. Her shoulders drew together in indignation, and she dropped her feet back to the floor with a thud. "What bug crawled up your ass, Mellark?" She snarled. "I knew I should have grabbed a ride with Madge. Maybe you should take me home if you're going to be a legit asshole tonight and not just a fake college one." "Maybe I should." Her hand reached out, pushed him in the shoulder. "What the hell is going on?" With a swift jerk of the wheel, Peeta pulled over to the side of the road, switched off the ignition and yanked the sunglasses off, flinging them onto the back seat. The sudden silence was startling, nothing but Peeta's heavy and erratic breathing breaking the quiet. " This is what's going on," he finally bit out, pointing angrily at his left eye as he turned in his seat to face her; Katniss inhaled sharply. Instead of just seeing the eyes that were almost - if not more - familiar than her own, she was staring at one that was blooming black and blue and purple. His eyelid was already swelling, and she could see the odd beige discolouration that told her he'd tried to cover most of it with some kind of makeup before giving up. "Peeta, oh my god…" she breathed, her hand reaching up towards his face. He jerked back, the edge of his shoulder hitting the window behind him, and her hand dropped limply to her lap instead. "Happy now?" he muttered, and she hated hearing the catch in his voice. "I didn't know," she said, swallowing heavily. "How could I? I thought…" "Thought what?" "I thought she'd stopped," she said quietly. All thoughts of telling him how she felt fled; instead she was filled with a myriad of anger, sadness, shock, disbelief. Peeta spat the words out as though they tasted like dirt. "Mostly, she did." Katniss felt the anger surge even more within her, felt her blood boil until she was sure it was burning in her veins. She'd been friends with Peeta since the day the two of them and Madge had been grouped together on a science project in 6th grade; it had been six months before she'd seen the first bruise, and had had to wait another six before he finally admitted where they came from. When he'd told her how, at ten and still dealing with the aftermath of his father's unexpected death, he'd suddenly also had to deal with a mother who started to punish - harshly, bitterly, angrily - with her hands. Deliah Mellark was the nastiest piece of work Katniss had ever met in her life, and it killed her that even after all these years, she was still laying her hands on her youngest son. "Why?" she murmured, fighting to keep her voice level. "What excuse did she come up with?" "Same as most other times," he replied, his shoulders beginning to slump. "I didn't close out the bakery good enough for her. She caught me off guard with the rolling pin, told me I was worthless, that I was no good, that in six months I'd come grovelling back from college because I was a failure." "Your mom is full of shit," Katniss said forcefully. "Turn the car around, take me to the bakery. I'm going to give her what for." "No," he snapped, straightening in his seat and shaking his head. "You're not going near her, I won't let you." "I don't want her near you ," she snapped back. "You're my best friend, Peeta, and I hate seeing what she does to you. Why did you tell Madge and I that she'd stopped if she hadn't?!" That's what infuriated her the most. He'd sworn blind it had stopped, had told both she and Madge a dozen times that it no longer happened - but it had. Surely they could have done something - anything - to try and stop it. Instead, he'd carried the burden silently. How many bruises had he hidden from her over the last two years? Peeta sighed, ran a hand through his hair until the blond waves almost stood on end. It did nothing but draw her attention to his eye even more, and she had to fight the urge to wince. "It hardly happened anymore, I promise. And when it did, I just… didn't want you to worry about it," he finally admitted. "You had enough to deal with, what with your mom getting sick and having to look after Prim more, and not being able to go away for college." "Mom's cancer is in remission, you know that," Katniss said firmly. "And worrying about you is…" "Is what?" Katniss felt her heart thud slowly in her chest. "It's…it's just what we do. We look after each other, and worrying about each other is a part of that." "But I don't want you to have to worry," Peeta said, his hands locking together in his lap. "I can handle it, and in two weeks' time I'll be out of there forever." He looked over at her, through his one good eye