A submission for Prompts in Panem - Holidays in Panem Special Challenge. The prompt? Everlark during the holiday season... Katniss Everdeen tugged on the short bright red skirt that flared at mid-thigh - ridiculously short, in her opinion - until she felt comfortable enough in it. She was thankful the striped tights she had to wear with them were mandatory and ensured she avoided any wardrobe malfunctions. The last thing she needed to do today was flash some unsuspecting parent with their iPhone. Piped music echoed through the speakers, a pumped up version of a song she remembered clearly from childhood, while a skinny brunette stood nearby, her short hair mussed and her focus solely on the camera in her hand. And even from here, in the little snow covered house, tucked away from the hustle and bustle, Katniss could hear the constant wail of a small child. She still wondered how Madge had talked her into this. "I still don't know how you talked me into this," Katniss echoed her own thoughts aloud, planted her hands on her hips. Madge laughed, tying off the ribbon that circled her wavy blonde hair like a headband. "We need more money for summer vacation, yeah?" "Yeah..." "And the rec centre is closed this month for renovations." "Yeah..." "Which means no archery lessons for you to teach." Madge finished. Katniss shrugged, pulling on the skirt hem again. She knew her friend was right. "This job pays like twice than any of the others in the mall do," Madge said firmly. "Yeah, there's the chance we'll get barfed on or bitten. But it's just for three weeks. And at the end, we'll have a big chunk of money to head over to Oregon with." Katniss sighed, tugged on her braid, startling herself at the jingling sound that echoed in her ear. Dammit, she'd forgotten the bells tied to the end of her hair. Madge had hit her motivation right on the head. Without this, she wouldn't be able to go on the hiking trek she'd desperately wanted to do for the last year, and that her friends - finally - had agreed to join her on. The unexpected renovations of the rec centre after a particularly bad snow storm the month before had put a hitch in those plans - until Madge had come up with this gig. She shrugged. "Fine, you're right. But I won't be in the photos, right? I won't have to smile?" "You won't be in the photos," Madge affirmed. "You won't have to smile." She had to damn well smile. Kid after kid came and sat on the little seat beside Santa's throne, eagerly spouting about what Paw Patrol toy they wanted, or what new game was at the top of their list. 'Santa' laughed and promised and ho ho ho 'd his way through the afternoon, while Katniss alternated between grimacing at the camera for that years' framed Christmas shot, and glaring bitterly at Madge. "I swear I didn't know!" Madge exclaimed as they took a quick break, the skinny photographer putting the ' Off to the toy factory, back soon!' sign on the little white gate that led to Santa's snow covered garden and red and gold seat. Katniss gulped down the bottled water they'd stored in a cooler behind a fake tree and glowered. "When Dad organised this he said all we had to do was lead the kids to Santa, put their Christmas wish in the wishes box, then send them back to their mom or whoever." Katniss shrugged. "It's done now. What can I do about it?" "I know. I'm sorry," Madge apologised, but Katniss caught the smile that tugged at the corner of her friends lips. "Go on, laugh at my expense, Miggles ," Katniss retorted, using the pet name she'd only recently found out about. Madge blushed. "Gale told you?!" She exclaimed in horror. "He's one of my best friends, Madge," Katniss reminded her. "He might be your boyfriend, but he's been my friend forever." "Asshole," Madge muttered, eyes narrowing. "He'll get what's coming when I get back to campus." Katniss held herself off from making a wildly inappropriate comment while there were small children around, and sighed when the photographer took the break sign away. Santa boomed out a ' Merry Christmas young man!' and Katniss knew they were back on. Only three weeks , she reminded herself. "And then we have to empty the 'wishes box' at the end of the day so it's ready for the next, and also try and get rid of them without any nosy kids still milling about. We had a look at a couple, and while most are pretty cute and sweet, others are hilarious ," Madge laughed, snuggling into the arm Gale slung around her shoulders. She picked at a nacho, popped it in her mouth. "One asked for a new sister because the one they had was a 'whiny baby'." Katniss nodded in agreement. "Another wanted the new PS4, and gave Santa a pretty dire ultimatum if he didn't get it. These kids are hard-core." Their first day had come to a close, and they'd met up with their group of friends for dinner at their local diner. They had all clicked within the first month of college, old friendships, shared classes and dorm rooms bringing them together. Katniss had been somewhat of a loner throughout high school, her only real and constant friend being Gale, whom she'd known since she was 12. Having a close circle of friends still seemed utterly absurd to her. "Maybe I should go drop a wish for a new PS4 in the box, with no ultimatums or death threats," Thom joked. "Or maybe just for a new t-shirt. For god's sake, Thom, how long you gonna wear that threadbare Stones shirt for?" Delly retorted, flipping her long trail of blonde curls over her shoulder. "Foreverrrrrr," he rolled his eyes, sucked down the last of the cherry soda he'd ordered, and puffed out the chest that was more lanky than broad. "Or at least until you admit you want me." "No I don't!" Delly squeaked. They all knew she did. "So you guys have to do this every day for the next three weeks?" Annie asked, her soft voice barely heard over the din of the restaurant. Katniss nodded. "Well, close. We get a few days off, but we're mostly just working it around our class schedule. There are two other teams of two who man Santa's Wonderland when we aren't here." "And this hike is important enough to you to want to hang out with kids for the next few weeks?" Finnick queried. Everyone knew he was the least enthusiastic about the trip; his preference had been for the beach, windsurfing and cocktails, which was exactly what they'd done the previous summer. "Course it is, Finn," Peeta grinned, his blue eyes bright with laughter. "She's been crapping on about it for months. Hasn't shut up about it." Katniss punched him in the arm. "Shut up Mellark," she warned, scowling. Only Peeta Mellark would have the nerve to make fun of her - even Gale, after all these years, knew better than to try and be a smart ass. She turned to Finnick, arms folding across her chest indignantly. "But yes, it is that important. You guys all have your interests; why can't I?" "Just ignore him, Katniss," Gale laughed. "Get him out there in a tent under the stars, he'll change his mind soon enough." "As long as I'm not sharing with anyone but Annie, I'll be fine." Finnick winked lazily. "No one would want to share with you anyway, Odair," Katniss retorted, smothering a yawn. She glanced at her watch and with a sigh, tossed her purse into the oversized duffle that housed her elf costume. She pulled her jacket out, slipping it on along with the scarf Prim had knitted her the previous winter, in about a million different shades of green. "Ok, I'm done. I'm gonna head back to campus before I fall asleep at this table. I'll catch you guys later." She stood, gave a quick wave and threw a couple of notes on the table before moving towards the diner entrance and out into the biting wind. Winter could kiss her ass. She hated the snow, hated the wind, hated the cold, and spent the months waiting - impatiently - for spring to arrive. It did nothing but make her grumpy and annoyed - probably not the best disposition for an Elf. Digging her hands into her pockets, she began the short walk back to campus, her footsteps brisk and assured across the snow-dusted pathway. "Katniss, wait up!" she heard the voice call out, and half-turned to see Peeta jogging awkwardly towards her. She knew he'd injured his knee in a soccer game his final year of high school, and when it was as cold as it was tonight, the pain would inevitably come and his limp would be more pronounced. He smiled as he reached her. "I need to head back too - I have a final tomorrow that I need to finish studying for." She looked at him incredulously. "You came out for dinner, and you still have a final to study for?" Peeta shrugged. "I couldn't concentrate, and Finnick kept bugging me till I agreed. And I haven't seen everyone for a while, so figured I should make an effort." "Fair enough," Katniss replied. She began walking again, a little slower now with Peeta beside her. She tucked her chin into the scarf, thankful to have something to cover her cheeks. They walked in silence, both having found a long time ago that for them, silence was just as good - sometimes better - than talking. Peeta respected the fact she didn't feel the need to talk all the time, and for that, she was grateful. But tonight it was cold and she swore if she didn't talk her throat would freeze. "Looking forward to Christmas?" She ventured. Peeta shrugged. "I'm not going home this year, so it'll be quiet. But I guess at least I won't have to see my mom." "You guys still don't get along?" She asked sympathetically. She knew exactly how not getting along with a parent felt. "You could say that," he replied wryly. "Anyway, what about you? Going home?" "Nope. I went for Thanksgiving, and my mom is a nurse and got the day shift for Christmas. My sister is spending it with her boyfriend's family; I'm spending it with probably a microwaveable dinner in the dorm." "Maybe we should all do like a left behind Christmas, because I know Finnick, Annie and Delly aren't going away either." "Maybe." Katniss shrugged noncommittally - by Christmas she may just simply be ready to crawl into a cupboard and sleep for a week. She looked up to see they'd reached her dorm, and she reached into her pocket to palm her keys. "Thanks for the walk. I'll catch you later?" Peeta nodded. "Catch you later. Night Katniss." He walked away, whistling quietly as his breath puffed out like smoke. She ignored the squiggle in her belly that had begun to appear whenever she spent time with Peeta. It felt odd. And you weren't supposed to have squiggly feelings about one of your best friends anyway. Day two and three flew by, and Katniss managed to avoid any temper tantrums or tears or downright snotty kids who believed Santa was their own personal shopper. Day four was the complete opposite, and she was going to return home that night with vomit on her tights and what felt like a chunk of hair torn from her head. The only thing that had gotten her through was an impromptu visit from Finnick and Annie, where she'd watched as they'd sat on Santa's knee and whispered silly secrets in his ear. She slumped into a chair by the