This is future take for my fic The Third Wheel . That doesn't need to be read for this one to make sense, but it does give you a bit of background into their relationship :) The pale early morning sun drifted through the window, its fingers curling over the bed, stretching towards the body huddled under the quilt against the morning chill. He liked the way its yellow hue would creep towards her slowly, unexpectedly, and then in an instant be upon her, like the sun knew exactly where to highlight his favourite parts of her. He liked to think he was kind of like those rays of light; that he'd crept up on her before she'd even realised it. He was thankful she was asleep, because if she knew what he was thinking, she'd probably eye-roll so hard she'd fall out of bed. Lacing his fingers across his chest, Peeta rested against the bedhead and allowed his eyes to trace the curves of his girlfriend's body under the quilt. It wasn't often that she slept later than him on the mornings after she stayed over, normally up as the sun rose and nudging him until he pulled himself grumpily from his dreams. He hadn't had to pull bakers hours since he'd left home for college, and had absolutely no intention of doing so again. But the last few weekends she'd slept later than him almost every time. And it wasn't just her sleeping patterns that were odd, really. It was everything. Katniss had been acting weird for weeks. He got it; she wasn't a fan of winter, and it was dragging on like a bitch this year. It was already March and spring still felt like light years away. He knew she was worried about school, and a grant proposal she'd put in for additional equipment for the science department. And Madge's growing belly and penchant to call at weird hours of the night asking for reassurance that Katniss had no idea how to give had her at a loss. But it didn't explain the long, extended silences, the weird clearing of her throat, the way he'd catch her staring at him occasionally with a disturbed look on her face. He'd gone to ask her half a dozen times what was wrong, but as soon as he went to, the moment would break, and she'd be fine again. He knew, sometimes, Katniss just needed a little time to work through whatever was bothering her on her own; she'd told him so herself. So he was letting it lie for now, letting her sort out whatever she needed to. Bored, and figuring he'd give her some of her own medicine, Peeta slipped his hand under the sheet, curved his hand over her hip. He knew if he danced his fingers just two inches lower he'd find that ticklish spot that- "Argh!" Aha. "Gah, dammit Peeta, quit it!" Katniss squirmed, pushing at his hand until it fell to the mattress; he laughed, sliding down until they were face to face. She glared at him, blew a strand of hair from out of her eyes. "Why did you wake me?" Her voice was petulant, like so many of his students on a Monday morning. "Because you looked all pretty and content and I...hell, I wanted to get you back for tickling me in the kitchen yesterday," he said with a grin. "Hate you," she mumbled, turning and pushing her face into the pillow. "No you don't," he teased. He slid his arm across her hips, drew her into his side, her skin warm against his. "You lo - like me too much to hate me." Shit. Inside, he was already cringing, even without the tensing of her body to remind him that he'd almost said something wrong. For 6 months, the L word had been on the tip of Peeta's tongue, desperate to escape. For 5 months, 29 days and 23 hours, he'd been biting it back. It had started a week after the wedding, a week after they'd finally 'come out' at school about their relationship. Katniss had stayed behind while he met with Cressida and some of the seniors about this year's school play, and sometime after 4 o'clock he'd ventured out to the car park. He'd seen her from a distance, perched on the hood of his car, eyes fixed studiously on the e-reader in her hand. He knew she'd had a parent-teacher meeting after her last class, and had dressed herself accordingly. And by that, he meant that he'd been daydreaming about getting her out of the slim pencil skirt ever since he'd seen her in it at lunch. He wouldn't begrudge his afternoon students if they didn't remember their lessons, because he sure as hell didn't. But the closer he got to her, the harder his heart pounded, the more light headed he felt, the more overwhelmed he felt. And when she looked up at him, her lips curving slightly in the way he knew she only ever directed at him, it hit him. But he didn't say anything. Two weeks later, sprawled on the floor of her bedroom, spent and sweaty and satiated, he'd twisted his fingers through hers and opened his mouth. Then closed it again. Four weeks after that, he'd smiled as she'd snuck up behind him in his kitchen, wrapping her arms around his waist and brushing his cheek with her hair. And he'd said, without thinking 'That's one of the things I love about you'. Her arms had slipped from his waist almost immediately and she'd moved quietly from the room before he'd realised what he'd said. He knew it was too soon for her, knew he'd have to bide his time. He'd already waited long enough for them to become a couple; he could wait a bit longer for this. So he did. "Give me your pop tart." "What?" "Give me your pop tart, Mellark, or I swear to God I'll start crying." The big blue eyes of Madge Undersee-Hawthorne glared at him across the staff room table, her hand held out expectantly. "But...it's strawberry," Peeta protested weakly. "Then even better, coz they're my favourite. Hand it over, Blondie. You're not gonna argue with a pregnant lady are you?" Peeta glanced at the pop tart he'd yet to unwrap, then into the determined face in front of him, and sighed. Nipping it from his fingers, she grinned happily, ripping the wrapping off and biting into it enthusiastically. "Ahhh Peeta, your college appetite is the best," she grinned around a mouthful of buttery looking crust. He shook his head, but couldn't stop his own grin. "I'm going to be happy when you've had that kid and you stop stealing my lunch." "You gave her your pop tart again?" Katniss said, dropping into the third seat and looking at Peeta pointedly. "You're so weak for a pretty face." "I know," he smiled, leaning over and pressing a kiss to her cheek. She blushed, but didn't say anything, only linked her hand with his under the table. "Blurgh," Madge groaned. "You guys are gross." "Shut up, Madge," Katniss replied, "Or do you want me to cancel that baby shower you're making me organise?" Peeta tuned out as Madge began to talk excitedly about nurseries and diaper bags and cakes shaped like storks. He liked kids - a lot - but there were some things he just didn't need to know about. Instead he fixed the rolls of his sleeves - what had once been an occasional habit had now become something he permanently did, even if it was only to watch Katniss as she stared at his arms - and absently thought about what he still needed to get sorted out for the play. Which, as he ran through it in his head, was a lot. With a resigned nod, he pushed his chair back. "Alright, now that Katniss is here to keep you company, Underthorne, I'm going to head back to class," he announced, standing up. Madge smirked at his playful nickname and surreptitiously flipped him the bird. "You're going already?" He could hear the pout in Katniss' voice, relished in the fact that it meant she wanted to be with him. It never failed to make his day. He nodded. "Yep. I've got some sets I want to start sketching out for the play, and my gear is back in the classroom." "Ok then," She replied, trying and failing to hide the sigh in her voice. "I'll see you after school." "Yep." Peeta reached over, squeezed her hand, and grinned at Madge. "Enjoy your Tuesday afternoon classes, ladies." He moved towards the door, hooking his backpack over his shoulder as he went. "Peeta!" He turned to see Katniss hurrying over to him, apology on her face. "Sorry, I forgot that Madge asked me to do something with her this afternoon. Can I come over after that?" "Sure. Gives me time to finish any sketches I don't get done now. Do you want me to make dinner?" Katniss grinned. "I thought you'd never offer. And maybe, after…" "After?" She chuckled. "If you can't figure it out, I won't tell you. I'll see you around 6." She turned on her heel, made her way back to Madge. He was certain she was swinging her hips just that little bit more than usual, just for his benefit. If anyone had told him a year ago that the teacher he interrupted in the middle of her class, who brushed him off with a raised eyebrow and abrupt directions, would be in his bed tonight, he would have laughed. He would have hoped it would be true, but he would have laughed anyway. He opened the door that night to find Katniss, face pale, her hand still half-raised in a knock. Her eyes were glassy, her mouth hanging open. "Kat, are you ok?" Peeta asked, ushering her inside and closing the door behind her. He pulled the jacket from her shoulders, threw it over the back of the sofa. She was still frozen in place. "Katniss? Babe? What's going on?" Her mouth opened and closed. "Gale had to stay late at work," she mumbled. "Yeah…." "Madge had a Lamaze class…" "Yeah?" She took a deep breath. "I went with her. That's what she wanted me to do with her. They...they showed a video." Peeta's brow furrowed in confusion. "They showed an - ohhhhhh. " He cringed on her behalf as the realisation hit. He'd heard of those videos - Finnick, his brother Aaran's roommate from college, had had a baby with his wife the year before. He'd explained - in graphic detail, over at least ten beers - the video they'd watched of someone giving birth. "They push babies out of their…" she trailed off again, but at least looked up at him, her jaw still loose. "Peeta, it was..." She simply shook her head, lost for words. He chuckled, slid his arm around her waist, plucking the pencil he'd slid behind his ear and tossing it towards the table. "Babe, it's called childbirth. It happens, you know that." "But I don't need to see it in that much detail," she shivered dramatically. "I've heard those things aren't compulsory to watch." "Madge had my hand in a death grip. Either I stayed, or just my disembodied hand did." She grimaced. "Ok, take my mind off it. What's for dinner?" "Dinner," Peeta started, "Includes my famous cheese buns, and homemade meatballs." "You spoil me," she smiled, and he could feel her thawing, the rigidity in her body loosening as she got back into a situation that was comfortable, familiar. "I do. Do you want to have a shower before dinner?" "That's a good idea, thanks." She squeezed his hand, made her way down the hall to the bathroom. She was quiet during the meal, but attentive, listened to him as he talked of his 11th graders, and