It could have been the rays of the morning sun creeping over the horizon that woke her, the thin streams of light shifting through the curtains draped across the window. It could have been the heavy snoring of her sister in the next room, a deep, throaty baritone that belonged to a man with a drinking problem, not a 14 year old girl. It could have been the call of birds – possibly mockingjays at this time of year – that indicated that the night was close to over. But in all likelihood, it was the knowledge that after today her life would never be the same that was the reason she was roused so sharply from her sleep. Katniss Everdeen rolled out bed, glancing at the clock that confirmed that at least she was ahead of schedule. She was used to waking early on weekdays, had done so for as long as she could remember. It was for no real reason, other than to enjoy the peace and quiet that only seemed to inhabit the District in those first few hours of the day. After that, any solitude was almost impossible. The streets, the fields, the quarries, every building in her village – in the whole District, really - came to life, for everyone had a job to do and a time to do it by. And at the end of the day, people didn't stay in their homes. They socialized, they ate meals together, they enjoyed the luxuries bestowed upon them for their allegiance. District 2 may not be the Capitol, but it was the closest thing to it. She had always taken those early mornings to herself, for she knew there was no other time where she could be alone, to calm her mind and settle her thoughts before she ventured out to school. She needed that time, because the things she thought really weren't suitable to be thought of, nor were they things she would ever dream of speaking aloud. But now her education was over, and it was her duty to become an asset to Panem. And those thoughts that seemed to invade her every day were even more unwelcome and unsuitable. Because a future Peacekeeper had no right to ever disagree with the Capitol's actions and decisions. It shouldn't have surprised her that, upon graduation, she was assigned the one vocation she'd never wanted. She would have preferred anything to being a Peacekeeper, for she knew it would take her away from her family, and her village and from her District. But Gale had been given the same vocation not two years before, and they were similar in so many ways that it had almost been a given. A part of her had still hoped though - wished for something that didn't lend itself to violence or retribution or punishment. But The Capitol had other plans for Katniss Everdeen. She knew how it worked. The Capitol took a keen interest in the teenagers of District 2, and as a result, the head Military minds kept an eye on every student who exhibited the behavior they were looking for. And although no-one was ever exactly sure of what The Capitol deemed relevant to being a Peacekeeper, she had been resigned that her fate would be the same as Gale's. It only confirmed the inevitable when, the day after her final Reaping, she'd been given her papers and been advised to report to The Mountain the following week. Katniss didn't know anyone else very well who had been assigned Peacekeeper status. The few friends she had were going to be on their way later today to either the quarry or the small mines that still dotted the District. She knew there were 29 others from her age group who would be training with her over the next two years, but of those, there was only one from her own village. If her own assignment hadn't surprised her, the one thing that had was the recruitment of Peeta Mellark as a Peacekeeper. Sure, he'd been a wrestler at school, and had aced many of the physical and mental tests that they had to undertake over the years to determine if they were 'Tribute' material. In that respect, he seemed to meet the requirements, and she'd been mildly surprised he was never selected to attend the additional training potential Tributes undertook. But, when it came down to it, she'd always seen him as too friendly, too artistic, too charming , to be given any vocation other than that of working in a professional capacity in one of the villages or within the Mountain itself. Whether it had been in a merchant role, or simply serving as a host for visiting Capitol diplomats, Katniss had always assumed that was where Peeta had been headed. The oldest Mellark brother had worked as a merchant in their village, much like Peeta's parents had. Katniss could only assume that the middle Mellark brother would have as well, if he hadn't unexpectedly been reaped 2 weeks before his 17th birthday. He'd never reached that milestone. Katniss sighed and moved over to the dresser that held the clothing that had arrived on her doorstep not two days before. Simple in style and design, they were all black – simple trousers, heavy soled boots, a long sleeved jacket, and thin gloves. She was covered from neck to toe. Another important reminder to her that things were going to be very different for her than most others. Her gender was now irrelevant, and it no longer mattered how she looked. As a Peacekeeper you were that, and nothing more. Not a wife, not a husband, not a parent. At least not until you had served your 20 years of service. And even by then, a life as a Peacekeeper was all you knew, and most elected to continue on until they perished, or the Capitol no longer requested their services. She didn't really know what happened to Peacekeepers once the Capitol had determined their service should end. In all honesty, she shuddered to think of it. Some of the only things she understood about the Capitol were that they weren't friendly or forgiving, and they didn't believe in their citizens moving into another field of work. It amazed her every day that more people didn't recognize that. Her parents had taken great pains to discuss – albeit secretly - with her and her sister their distrust of the Capitol. The Everdeen line had been in existence since before the Dark Days, and the stories they told her – many of which most District 2 citizens elected to ignore or forget – horrified the two girls. The Everdeens were one of the few families left in 2 who were not in favor of the Capitol, but it was something they knew was better left unsaid. Now, she had to live a life she never wanted, and her thoughts of the Capitol could never be spoken of aloud again. The one thing she was absolutely certain of was what happened to Peacekeepers who didn't follow the rules, or questioned the Capitol's authority. And it wasn't pretty. Not at all. She dressed quickly, careful to not make any noise and wake the rest of her family. The boots were a little tight, but she hoped they would eventually stretch and mold to her feet. She glanced in the mirror, reworking her braid with nimble fingers so that it was smooth and free of any flyaway hairs. She vaguely wondered if, when the day came when she was assigned a district and would receive her first helmet, chopping it all off would be the easy, most logical thing to do. Katniss crept down the hallway, opened the front door, and made her way down the cobblestone path that led from their porch to the front gate. The small vehicle waiting to take her away purred quietly on the street, its headlights cutting through the last of the morning fog. She turned, hand on the gate latch, to look back at her home one final time. She'd said her goodbyes to her family the night before, and unless she was lucky enough to be housed back in this village, she was likely never to see it again. Now she was, first and foremost, an asset to Panem. Nothing more, nothing less. Day 1 They lined up, shortest to tallest, along a thin strip of well-maintained grass that bisected the criss-crossing dirt tracks that made up part of the outdoor training area. Behind them rose the old mining mountain that was the centerpiece of the district, which held the learning and training facilities where Katniss would spend her days until her first six months were complete. After then, she would be transferred out into one of the villages in 2 to complete her training. She watched as their commanding officer sized them up, hands firmly clasped behind her back. The short statured woman with crisp auburn hair cleared her throat, her gaze sliding along the length of the line. "Welcome. I am Lyme, your commanding officer, and I welcome you to our facilities. You are this year's recruits as Peacekeepers, where you will fulfil an important part of ensuring the safety and wellbeing of Panem residents. Your primary aim will be to maintain a sense of propriety in the district to which you are eventually assigned. You are to keep the peace, to implement rules and regulations, to hand out punishment when required and to prevent any uprisings. We all know we don't want a situation like what led to the unfortunate destruction of District 13." She paused, and took a step forward. "Over the next two years, you will be trained to be physically, mentally and emotionally prepared to provide this kind of stability in your district. Once your first two years have concluded, you will leave the training program, prepared and able to fulfil your duties." She moved forward yet another step, and slowly made her way down the line, inspecting each of them. She spoke of the rules and obligations they were required to meet. She spoke of what they were forbidden from doing, but also what the positives of being a Peacekeeper were. She studied them carefully, for what reason, Katniss didn't know. If they'd already been selected to be Peacekeepers, surely the scrutiny would have already happened, already occurred. Lyme continued, on and on, until Katniss was barely listening. It didn't matter to her what 'perks' this woman spoke of, what benefits the training would be to her mind and body. It didn't matter to her, none of it did. Her own vocation was something she couldn't approve of, hated with every fiber of her being. But she forced herself to tune back into the words when she noted that Lyme was partnering people up, grouping them in pairs of two off to the side. She cursed herself for zoning out, because now she had no idea what they were being paired for. "Everdeen!" The Commander barked, her eyes shifting over the remaining people until Katniss stepped forward. She nodded, then consulted a little mechanical device she held in her hand. "And Mellark!" Katniss was careful not to make a sound, but internally, she sighed as Peeta Mellark moved to stand next to her. She supposed whatever this was for, it would be easier and less daunting with someone she vaguely knew than it would be with a complete stranger. Looking at the others surrounding her, Peeta seemed to stick out like a sore, albeit friendly, thumb. She knew, after doing a little research, that he was the only one in the group who had come from a Merchant background. She vaguely wondered if his family had done something wrong, and this was their punishment. Why else would someone like him be given this vocation? She tried to study her partner out of the corner of her