Katniss Everdeen pressed her face into the pillow, the thunderous scream that ripped from her throat muffling itself against the soft pale blue cotton. He'd done it again. Rolling onto her back, she clenched her hands into tight fists that rested by her side, anger and frustration coursing through her like a wildfire. Anger and frustration at him, for not only picking her up late and then treating her like a piece of shit for the rest of the night, but anger and frustration at herself for giving him a second shot. Assholes like Cato Phillips didn't deserve a first chance really, let alone a second one. But she'd given him one, at urging from Prim, from Madge, even her mom, that maybe their first date had just been an anomaly. After all, blind dates could sometimes be awkward, be a little weird, especially if neither had been on one before. No , she shook her head angrily to herself, the date had failed because he was a dick, and she was never, ever, ever going to let Clove set her up on another one again. Reaching down and plucking her phone from the purse she'd dumped beside the bed, she tapped out a text, having to delete and rewrite words half a dozen times as her fingers bashed forcefully at the screen. Katniss: M, next time Clove tells me she's setting me up on a blind date, remind me to tell her to go fuck herself. Really. I should have known, coming from her, that it would be a damned failure. She let it drop onto the mattress, and only had to wait a moment to hear the soft ping in response. Madge: Ah, shit, Kat, really? It was just as bad as the first time? I'm sorry. I prob shouldn't have told you to give him another go. Katniss: You're damned right. Gah! I'm so pissed right now. Madge: What the hell did he do? Katniss: Let me put it this way. If you ever go out on a date and the guy tries to cop a feel of your waitress when he thinks you're not looking, feel free to slug him one. Just...there's no more of this blind date shit for me, ok? I don't need anyone right now. Madge: I promise there won't be. Scouts honour. I'm sorry it sucked. Katniss let the phone drop to the floor where it landed on the cream mat with a thud, and flung an arm over her eyes, blocking the thin sliver of moonlight that was filtering through the blind. She couldn't be assed closing them properly right now. She didn't know why she'd yes to Clove in the first place. Yes you do, Katniss, it was the group of expectant eyes all staring at you in the work lunchroom as Clove suggested it. She didn't know why Madge and Prim had encouraged her for another date. Yes you do, Katniss, because although they'd never say it, you know they don't want you to be the third wheel in their relationships forever. She didn't know why she'd given him a second chance. Yes you do, Katniss, because you don't want to be the third wheel forever either. She sighed, and rolled over again, punching the pillow with more force than necessary to get it comfortable. Either way, it didn't matter. She was 27 years old, had a successful job, had a relatively decent apartment for the first time in her life, and she didn't have to eat peas anymore if she damn well didn't want to. She was done with blind dates, Internet dates, speed dates, any kind of date. And if she didn't want to be a third wheel, then she'd just damn well stay at home. She envisioned she had a lot of dates with Netflix in her future, and she didn't care one bit. "Miss Everdeen?" "Yeah?" "Um, there's a guy standing at the door." Katniss' head whipped up from the book she was quietly reading at her desk, towards the door where, through the square window, she could see there was indeed someone standing. From this far away, and with her reading glasses on, all she saw was a blur of blonde hair. Yanking the black framed glasses from the bridge of her nose - she still wasn't completely used to them and hated the fact that she had to wear them at all - she stood up, glanced at the clock and stalked over to the door. She rested a hand on the knob before turning back to face the room. "You have five minutes, guys, then those science tests are all mine. Don't screw about." She yanked open the door and stepped outside, leaving it open just ajar. She could already hear the murmurs starting, and she sighed. "Can I help you?" She asked bluntly, and glanced up into the face of the intruder. Shit. "Uh, yeah. I'm looking for the auditorium, but I'm pretty sure I took a wrong turn." The accompanying grin was almost bashful, blue eyes twinkling with both nerves and laughter, and Katniss swallowed heavily. She hadn't seen him before. He was obviously new, maybe even fresh out of university. He wasn't exceptionally tall, but that would be the last thing you'd really notice of him anyway. You'd be too busy looking at the broad shoulders, the legs that looked too damn good in jeans and...well, she wasn't going to think about those eyes twice. She couldn't ever remember being so dumbstruck in her life. She cleared her throat, aware that silence was lingering, and pointed to her left. "If you came from Principal Paylor's office, you needed to turn left instead of right at that corridor back there. You'll find it if you keep going straight ahead. Now if you'll excuse me-" she started to turn back to the door, but paused as his hand rested on her arm. "Thanks, ah...?" She sighed. Great. The cute guy had just ruined himself by wanting to chat. "Miss Everdeen." "Thanks Miss Everdeen," he replied formally with a grin. "I'm Mr Mellark, the new art teacher." "Of course you are," she replied with a thin-lipped smile. "I teach sciences, and right now I have a bunch of kids being little shits back there because I'm out here, so..." She trailed off and began to open the door. "I hope you find the auditorium, Mr Mellark." She closed the door behind her, ignoring the smile that still graced his face, and fixed her students - who were now sitting quietly, only sneaked grins to each other giving them away - with a glare. She shook her head and rolled her eyes at the same time as giggling erupted. "C'mon guys. You really think I'm that stupid? I know you were talking all the way through that. Hand those papers back now." She held a hand out as she made her way around the classroom, collecting each paper as she went, and she had to suppress a grin. These kids might drive her nuts some days, but in this class, they were the snarkiest ones she knew. She loved their sass, their unapologetic grumpiness, the way their scowls greeted her on the way in, and their smiles said goodbye as they went out. They pretty much loved her for the same reasons. Katniss Everdeen had never imagined being a teacher, but now she couldn't think of anything else she would ever want to do. Moving back to her desk, she opened the drawer, shoving the papers inside before locking it with the key that jangled against two other charms on a long chain that ended just below the valley of her breasts beneath her shirt. It was lunch, which meant Clove, she of the bad blind-date set up and Capitol High School's resident running coach, was going to get an earful. Or the cold shoulder which, Katniss admitted, she did so much better than a verbal spar. She grabbed her bag and walked down the corridor, a slim woman with long ebony hair that, no matter how it started in the morning, would always be in a braid by the time she returned home. Silver eyes, inherited from her father, that were quiet and soft until she got angry or excited. And then they sparked like a bolt of electricity, bright and fiery and intense. At least, that was what a fleeting potential hook up once told her when he was trying (unsuccessfully) to get into her pants. Pushing open the door, she took a quick glance around the half empty staffroom, noted Clove by the coffee machine, and moved towards the small table by the window. There was no point in her going to Clove - the short brunette would undoubtedly come to her. "Hey Katniss!" The voice was high pitched, a little nasal, and right on cue. Good, Katniss thought, she has a cold. Serves her right . "How did the date go?" Katniss glanced up, eyebrow raised, as she unwrapped the boring sandwich she'd packed for lunch. "Never again, Clove. Never again. Seriously. I mean it." "Really? Why?" Clove seemed genuinely surprised, and sat across from Katniss. She had to sigh - she didn't really like Clove on the best of days, let alone having to talk to her about shit like this. She took a huge bite of bread and cheese and ham, and took her time chewing and swallowing. Simply because she knew having to wait would piss Clove off. She finally swallowed, and sighed. "Because, like I thought the first time, Cato is an asshole. It wasn't any better than the first date. And if you're so intent on setting him up with someone, why the hell don't you go out with him, if you think he's that fabulous?" Clove's mouth dropped open, and she blushed. And for the first time, Katniss clued in. "Oh, wow, you want to, don't you? Why the hell are you pushing him onto-" "Katniss!" She heard her name carried across the room, and looked over to see Madge rushing in the door, her blonde hair flying. Madge was her closest friend at the school, and Katniss had to say it wasn't necessarily the prim and proper and polite Madge that had appealed to her when she had started at the school two years earlier. It was the one who had a penchant for telling the dirtiest jokes Katniss had ever heard. The pretty music teacher fell into the final spare chair and dumped her bag on the floor, barely glancing at a still blushing Clove. "You will NOT believe what I just saw!" "Madge, you know I hate this game. Just tell me." Madge rolled her eyes, and rested her elbows on the table edge, cupping her chin in her hands. "I just saw the hottest teacher to have ever graced these halls. And as a soon-to-be married woman, I can't have him. Katniss, I need to introduce you to the new art teacher-" "Mellark," Katniss interrupted, and sat back in her chair. Madge's mouth dropped open in surprise. "I've already seen him and while yes, he's good looking for sure, he's too young for me. And I already told you on Saturday night ," she said pointedly, shooting a glare in Clove's still oblivious direction, "I don't want anything like that. I don't want to be set up, I don't want any dates, I don't want anything. I'm fine." "Heh," Madge replied with a smirk. "You said he was good looking." "Ugh, whatever." She pushed her chair back, stuffing the rest of the sandwich in her mouth before tugging the strap of her bag over her shoulder. "I'm gonna go...mark exams or some shit. Alone. On my own. The way I want it." Madge just grinned. Clove didn't even notice she'd gone. So he was cute. It didn't even matter. He was younger than her. He was another teacher. She