Heyo, PJO Fandom. It's been a while! Here's a little Percabeth oneshot to warm your heart. And yes, it's based on a Taylor Swift song. Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson & the Olympians, nor do I own The Heroes of Olympus. Both belong to the author Rick Riordan. I also don't own State of Grace by Taylor Swift. The blond herself owns that. Title: State of Grace. Summary: "What's your Achilles heel?" Annabeth asked, cocking her head towards him. "I don't know." Percy lied. Truth be told, he knew all too well. His Achilles heel was sitting right next to him, her blond hair tickling his shoulders. [In which Percy realizes who his Achilles heel is and panics. AU. Oneshot. Percabeth.] Songs Used: Basically the whole Red album by Taylor Swift, but it's heavily inspired by State of Grace. WARNING: This fanfic is most definitely AU (Alternate Universe), so be prepared. Percy and the demigods are all normal, no superpowers. state of grace. by Everyone's a Mortal. "This is a state of grace. This is the worthwhile fight. Love is a ruthless game, unless you play it good and right." ~Taylor Swift, State of Grace. Percy Jackson was fed up. His head hurt, his knuckles were red, and he could have sworn that the donuts he'd had for breakfast had just tried to crawl their way back up. Needless to say, he hated karate. So why was he in it? Well, the answer was fairly simple: Grover's parents and Percy's mom had decided the two needed some 'professional training' in the 'art of defending oneself'. Frankly, Percy thought it was dumb, but since Grover really did need help against the bullies, he'd complied. That's how sixteen-year-old Percy Jackson and his best friend, Grover Underwood, ended up at a small dojo with no air conditioning on a musty Manhatten evening. Their teacher's name was Master Chiron, and the man was tougher than a 500 pound PE teacher who'd just gotten divorced. Chiron was a pretty nice guy after karate was over, but during their lesson he was a totally different person. His best black belt, Annabeth Chase, stood at his side at all times. Annabeth Chase was a total knockout. If it wasn't for the fact that she had a black belt in karate, Tai Kwon Do, Jujitsu, and kung fu, Percy would probably have tried talking to her by now. It didn't surprise Percy when Connor Stoll, a mischievous but otherwise handsome fellow, had informed him that she was taken by Luke Castellan, who was away at college for his freshman year. With Annabeth's blond hair, curled like a princess', and long, lean legs, Percy couldn't help being slightly jealous. All these thoughts evaporated, though, as soon as he was pushed -against his will, mind you- into the ring. His opponent? Annabeth Chase herself. As soon as Chiron yelled, "Fight!" She landed a backfist that hit him square in the face. If it hadn't been for the face shield protecting him, Percy's nose would have been history. "Ouch." He mumbled, and tried to counter, clumsily moving around. Annabeth's eyes focussed on him, assessed her next target, and struck, quick as lightning. A sharp round house kick to the side of his face almost sent him to the ground, but he managed to keep his balance. It was then that Percy noticed Annabeth's arrogant smirk. She looked around the room and winked at her friend Thalia, who had been visiting from her all-girls college. In that moment, Percy stepped up and punched Annabeth's ribs, hoping she wouldn't murder him too brutally. Annabeth recoiled and looked at him, surprised. The time ran out, and Chiron stopped the fight. "Good fight, Jackson." Annabeth said, looking at him peculiarly. He nodded and smiled, turning away to see half the school gaping at him. "Nice," Charles Beckendorf commented as he walked passed. The rest of the evening passed quietly, with no more shocking incidents. Annabeth and Grover (who apparently went to the same high school until Annabeth was transferred), were talking quietly when Thalia Grace strode up to Percy. "Hey," she said bluntly. Thalia was Percy's cousin. It really was a small world, it seemed. The two, however, looked nothing alike. Percy was tall and lean, with a tan, while Thalia was short and pale. Their personality was their only similarity. "What's up?" Percy asked. "You got Annabeth good, y'know." "She got me better. I still have a long way to go." Thalia popped her gum, "Didn't say you didn't, coz. You know, I think you two would be good friends." Percy snorted, "Yeah, right. We'd probably spend the entire time arguing." "Funny," Thalia responded, looking at him with a half-smile, "That's what she said." Percy's mouth dropped slightly. "Think about it, coz." Thalia said, detaching herself from the wall and holding out her hand for a first bump. When Percy obliged, she looked him in the eye. "She needs friends. So do you." Thalia walked away. ... "Thalia's right." Grover stated, bluntly. "You two would get along." Percy groaned and flopped on his bed, listening to his mom cooking in the kitchen. Grover's family was visiting -his parents and his two foster siblings, Nico and Bianca di Angelo- so the sounds of the kitchen were especially noisy. "We'd argue a lot." He could hear Tyson, Percy's little brother, playing with Nico. It sounded like the Wii was on. Grover shrugged. "Don't tell me you don't want to talk to the girl. It's not like she's ugly." "Grover," Percy said, "she has a boyfriend." Grover's mouth spread into a thin line. Percy knew that face. It was the face he made when he was hiding something. "What is it?" The green-eyes boy asked, "What do you know?" "Annabeth said that she and Luke were fighting." Grover burst out, and then clasped a hand over his mouth quickly. His red curls spilled over his face and he looked embarrassed. "Don't tell her I told you." "I won't." Percy promised. "Besides, it's not like I even have a chance with someone like her. It's not worthwhile." "Maybe." Grover said. He looked like he was about to say something else, but instead shook his head. "Maybe." Sally Jackson called them for dinner, and that night, six plates were set instead of two. Percy liked those days. ... He was on his way home from school when he heard her. Grover had gone to work (he worked at Subway), and Percy had stopped by the library to see if he could find some books on the Greek gods. He was doing a report on Poseidon, the Greek god of the sea. His father had been a fisherman, before he had died from pneumonia. He heard her all the way to the back where all the boring nonfiction books were kept, where no one ever bothered to look. As much as books killed Percy (he was dyslexic), he was forever grateful for that evening. Her hair was a curled, tangled mess. The blond was strung everywhere, gray eyes darker than the Hudson river and so much stormier. When she looked up at him, she looked small and defeated, slumped against the corner of the library, clutching a book that read Achilles. Percy's own books were clutched to his chest. "Annabeth?" He asked, and walked over to her, collapsing next to her. "Are you okay? What's wrong?" The bigger part of him wanted to help her, because Percy could not stand to see anyone cry. The other part wanted to run away. Luckily, the caring part won out and he peered at her, hoping she wouldn't kill him. "Nothing," Annabeth muttered. "Go away." "It doesn't seem like nothing." "I said go away, you, you... Seaweed Brain!" She whispered harshly, and then sighed heavily, leaning against Percy's shoulder. "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean it. It's just... I read the cover of your book and... it was the first insult I could think of... please forgive me." Her voice was a sorrowful murmur. Percy chuckled, forgetting that he had just been insulted. "It's okay, don't worry about it. It's not the first time I've been insulted, Annabeth." "What do you mean?" Percy let out a breath. "I wasn't always this good looking, y'know." He waited for a response, and when he felt a light punch, he smiled. "Plus, I have ADHD. And dyslexia. And my best friend is scrawny. My little brother has down syndrome. My dad's dead. My mom's a single mother who'd recently gotten out of an abusive relationship. There's a lot on me, Annabeth. I'm used to insults. I don't mind. Just don't make fun of my friends." Annabeth was silent for a moment. "I'd never," she finally said. There was another moment of silence before she whispered, "My boyfriend and I broke up. He left me for sex. He left me because I wouldn't give him sex." Percy felt his anger rising as Annabeth choked on her word. Here was a girl he barely knew, and he was getting angry at some guy he'd never met. The boy refrained from calling Annabeth's ex boyfriend some very unflattering names. Instead, he settled with, "He doesn't deserve you, then. If he had any brains, he'd know what he was missing. Sex is overrated, anyway." Annabeth lifted her head off his chest, "You're saying you wouldn't have sex?" She asked, surprised. Percy shook his head, brushing the hair out of his eyes. "I'm saying that if I were him, I'd know that you are absolutely worth the wait. Besides," he said, absentmindedly thumbing at his Greek mythology book, "Sex is better when you're in love." Annabeth laughed a little, wiping away her tears. "You're smarter-" "-Than I look?" Percy interrupted, "Yeah. I, um, get that a lot." The blond looked up at the racks of books. "I know he doesn't deserve me, but it still hurts." Percy hugged her briefly, a million thoughts running through his mind, including: since when are you so good at comfort? And, you don't even know her that well. Why haven't you started arguing yet? "Well, yeah. You did love him." Percy said. He got up and helped Annabeth to her feet. "Now," Percy grinned, "Wanna check out Poseidon with me?" Annabeth's nose wrinkled, but her eyes glowed slightly. "I prefer Athena, but okay." "Athena? I don't like her." Luke was forgotten for the rest of the evening, and a debate began about which god was better. It was the first time in a long time the either one of them had felt at home. ... The weeks turned into months and the months became almost a year. The fourth of July was coming up, and while Percy's mythology report had long been turned in (with Annabeth's help, he'd gotten an A minus), the Greek gods were still a big topic for Percy and Annabeth. When there was nothing else to talk about, they'd bring up the topic of how Zeus really had trouble keeping his pants on. By now Percy was almost a black belt (he was two belts away), and he had another best friend. Often times, Annabeth, Grover and he hung out. When Thalia was around, it turned into a party of four. But most days than not, when Grover was busy and Thalia was off at her girls school, it was Annabeth and Percy. He'd long decided he'd liked her. Even though they did often argue, the moments in which they agreed overpowered the other moments. And with the fourth of July coming up, Percy was trying to work up the courage to invite her to come watch the fireworks with him. At the moment, they were sitting on the roof of Annabeth's apartment building. Annabeth was reading Achilles' story out loud to him. They were sitting on a worn couch that they had long ago carried up there, with a stack of books on a little table. Annabeth's feet were