Hazel looked at the elfish latino. Maybe in lush, maybe in admiration, maybe the fact that he was the one keeping this bronze death trap in the air. But she could not deny the fact that he looked exactly his grandfather. Maybe not as elfish, but the facial features were the same and his personality was close except the sarcasm and jokes are much higher. She watched as he was fixing something, like always. Gods if it wasn't for him they would have be backpacking all through Europe through Mother Earth's territory. But now they were going on a trip to Greece and Rome for fun. Everyone was on the trip to do some bonding and learning about their ancestors. "Hey, can you pass me some water?" He sat up and wiped sweat off his brow. He's been working on the main controls for about three hours now without a break. She passed his bottle of water that he left there for him to drink. But for three hours, she watched him. Work and tinker with wires to make sure that they would stay in the sky. Three whole hours of debating if he was her Sammy reincarnated. "Thanks Hazel. I thought I fixed all of the kinks, but I guess not." Leo sighed after downing half of his bottle. "At least you can figure out how to fix it. That's a good thing." Hazel told him. "For now, yeah." He replied, wiping his hands off on his pants. "I think next time I'm just going to rebuild his main controls again. It's getting old." "Well, it's working for now and that is all that matters." Hazel sat down next to him. Leo looked at her. His brown eyes were soft and warm like Sammy's. But she had to stop comparing him to Sammy. He wasn't Sammy. He was Leo, her friend. "How's Frank doing? You two still strong?" Leo asked before taking another sip of water. "Or has power went to his head?" "Frank's good. We're just friends though. He's so busy with his praetor duties that we barely had any time to spend. And being friends would be better than trying to force a relationship." She told him. "Are you okay, though?" Leo asked. Concern was filling his eyes and voice. She could have sworn that was coming from Sammy. Stop thinking that. He isn't Sammy. He's Leo Valdez. She thought to herself. "I'm fine. It felt more natural that way anyways." She told him. "And the age gap, it was a bit weird. But then again I'm older and younger than everyone on here." "Oh right! I forgot about the whole dying and coming back to life thing. Have you been adapting well to modern technology?" She smiled a bit thinking about what she had learned in the past few months: cellphones, iPads, laptops, tablets, and other electronics. Everything was so different than what she remembered. And the months it took for her to learn everything. "It's a struggle. I recently learned how to use an iPad that Annabeth built. How does the screen know where I'm touching? Is it magic?" Leo chuckled, a familiar sound to her ears. "Motion sensors. Kind of like a mouse on a computer or laptop. But it might be more complicated for me to explain than just accepting the fact that you can use your fingers to click on stuff." "Thanks for saving me the trouble then." She smiled. Leo smiled back and looked up at the ceiling. "I wish cellphones and laptops weren't monster magnets. I can probably learn how to fix things a lot faster than trial and error." "Kids of Hephaestus are like walking 'Fix It' manuals." Hazel told him. "You can literally fix anything with no problem. You rebuilt and fixed a dragon for Jupiter's sake! You can't tell me that this would be on the World Wide Web." Leo slightly chuckled. "It's called the Internet or Web. No one calls it by it's full name, old lady." "I am not old!" She retorted. "I'm only thirteen." "And also eighty something." Leo pointed out. "So, you're old, technically." "I know how old I am. I'm not counting the years I missed when I died. There's so many things I missed. Did you know Disney made a black princess? Her name is Tiana, I think, and that movie is amazing!" "Never heard of it. I never had time to watch movies." Leo told her before taking another sip of his water. "We should have a movie night and watch it. It's great!" She smiled. "Sounds like a plan." He finished off his water. "Well I better get back to work. You should go do something fun with the others. Watching me fix things isn't that fun." She reluctantly got up and slightly smiled at him. "See ya around." She left him alone before she walked to the deck where the others were chatting. Hazel could see Percy and Annabeth chatting away about something which made Annabeth smile. Piper and Jason were whispering to each other, Jason was making Piper giggle. Then there was Frank. He was sipping a coke as he stared into the open sky. She took a deep breath and went over to Frank. They haven't talked much but she didn't feel like third wheeling on anyone's conversation. "Hey." Hazel greeted as she held on to the railing to the right of him. "How are you doing?" Frank looked at her and smiled a tiny bit. "Hey. I'm doing well. I'm glad to go on this vacation. But I also feel bad that I left everything up to Reyna." "I wouldn't worry about it. She can make the entire legion do the chicken dance if she wanted to." Hazel told him. "She'll make it through the week." He nodded and looked out to the open the sky. Hazel followed his gaze to look at the white clouds and blue skies. She thought she was on a plane, but if she reached out too far, she would plummet to her death. She took a step back. "I miss hanging out with you." Frank whispered so quietly she had to strain to hear it. She looked at him. His head was down, his eyes were looking at the railing. He looked sad. "I do too. But I think it's better if we hang out as friends." Hazel told him. "Like having dinner together with Reyna or train." Frank nodded. "Okay." They got to Greece, Athens to be more exact. They were going to spend three days there before heading to Italy to go to Rome. Annabeth has planned out every place that they were going to go to. Hazel hung back a bit and saw Leo going to the control room. He was going to work on Festus again. She followed him, knowing that he was going to work himself to death and miss on this opportunity. "Leo, let's go explore." Hazel said, scaring him a bit. "You need to see the world and not the inside of Festus." He looked at her with a slight smile. "I'll be there. I just need to fix one minor thing…" He went back to working on his dragon. Hazel sat down. She wasn't planning to leave. If she did, she knew he wouldn't come along with them. He would miss out on seeing the amazing greek culture. "You can go. You don't have to wait for me. I'll be there in a few minutes." Leo told her. "I promise I won't miss out on this trip." "Then work on Festus tonight. We have the whole day to explore and you're spending most of it working on a dragon. Let's go have some fun." Hazel got up and walked over to him. "Come on Leo." He got up and looked at her. His smile reminded her of Sammy. Her nice Sammy. Stop it. He is not Sammy! He is only related to Sammy. They aren't the same person! She reminded herself. "Lead the way." Leo told her. Hazel started walking towards the ramp that was leading to the ground. Every step she took, she could hear Leo's echo hers. They were alone before, but their friends were usually around to come in and distract them. But their friends were gone when they finally got off of the boat. "Oh...I didn't know they would disappear so fast." Leo's eyes brows scrunched up together. "Did they say where they were going?" Hazel tried to rack her brain to think where Annabeth would go. Or say where they were planning to go. But her mind was blank. "I don't remember. But if we start walking around, maybe we'll bump into them or something." She replied. Leo nodded in agreement and they started walking. The town was busy with people, tourist, people selling food on the street, residents walking through the crowds like they were headed off in a hurry, and the two of them, lost in Greek city. Hazel looked around, trying to see a familiar face but she saw nothing. Their friends weren't around unless they went inside a building. They looked through the windows of shops and restaurants to see if they were inside. But nothing. "So, what do you want to see?" Leo asked her. "Huh?" "Well, we lost them and we will probably end up meeting up with them later on the boat. So, what do you want to do since we don't have to follow Annabeth's crazy planned out schedule." Leo told her. "Annabeth said something about there being a Temple of Hephaestus." Hazel told him. "We can go check it out if you like." "You mean go visit my dad? I don't know if he wants to see me." Leo replied. "I bet he does. All of our parents like to check in on us. Maybe your dad will be happy to see that you're okay." "Alright." He sighed. The walk to the temple was pretty quiet, besides Leo pointing out which way to go. He could read the street signs better than she could. She guessed that the greek in him was able to read the language. But she wanted to talk. She wanted to know more about Leo. They didn't really click the last time they were on the Argo. She spent most of her time with the girls or Frank. The other guys...well, she knew Percy alright. Her whole quest with him and Frank was a great learning experience. Jason, she knew him from camp. He use to hang out with her and Frank a bit before he disappeared. But she wanted to know Leo. This guy that was in her life that was related to Sammy. Sammy...she missed him. She missed the possible future that they could have had. Leo could have been her grandson. Stop thinking like that! That future couldn't happen. If I did marry Sammy, Leo wouldn't have been born. I wouldn't be in Greece. As they got closer, they saw small shops for blacksmiths and potters. They were all there to probably honor the god. People were walking up to the temple and around to the different shops. "Wow, I didn't think people still honored my dad." Leo told her, amazed by the different shops. "This is amazing!" Hazel watched as the spark in his eyes came to life as he went to look at a blacksmith shop. He went to look at a blacksmith work on their most recent project. She smiled at his excitement. She followed him and watched the blacksmith work. "I can't believe people still do this as a living." Leo smiled. "Working over a fire, bending metal into a new shape to make something new. It's amazing." "You never tried being a blacksmith before?" Hazel asked. "With your fire, you should be able to bend metal into anything." Leo looked at her with a slight smile. His eyes sparkling, like he has tried it before.