disclaimer: *in spanish accent* no. notes: okay so i just saw the live action beauty and the beast anD I CRIED THREE TIMES THAT MOVIE IS SO BEAUTIFUL notes2: the soundtrack is all that i am listening to at the moment and this one song is sooo pretty and it put me in another writing mood and i wrote this thing notes3: didn't quite go in the direction i originally wanted but me gusta playlist: 'Days in the Sun' from Beauty and the Beast (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) . . Days in the sun Will return, we must believe As lovers do That days in the sun will come shining through . . x They arrive together. He didn't ask her to be his date, but he didn't need to. He wouldn't take anyone else, and both of them know it. So much had changed since that fateful day, but they wouldn't have it any other way. x After the end of the war, Harry had disappeared into the mundane world for about six months. Hermione was distraught and incensed when he left, but her anger eventually led to melancholy longing. It was as simple as that: she missed her best friend terribly. But she had absolutely no idea where he ran off to, and was forced to go on with her life lest she fall into depression. So she ventured to Australia about three months after he left and healed her parents' memories, only to find that they liked where they were and wished to stay. She, however, did not. Desperate to see if Harry had come back, Hermione returned to England only to find him still gone. As a result, she threw herself into her schooling to finish her last year. She had gotten a letter from Harry in January, saying: ' I'm sorry. I'm coming home soon. Can I see you? '. Immediately, she'd written an affirmative response and sent it along with the little gray owl Harry's letter had come with. It was on the Hogsmeade trip arranged around Valentine's Day when they saw each other for the first time in almost seven months. She had been wandering around the village, her hands stuffed in her pockets and cheeks red from the cold. Her name was called out from somewhere behind her, and she turned only to see her best friend standing a few feet away, a familiar crooked grin on his face. Hermione gasped his name and then she was wrapped in his arms, crying into his coat. He hadn't let go of her for a long time, not that she tried to escape either. After six months of putting his past behind him and healing himself both mentally and physically, Harry found he craved Hermione's presence. He had gotten used to being in close quarters with her during the horcrux hunt, and not having her with him was a bit of a shock. It seemed the muggle saying, ' you don't know what you have until it's gone ', was true after all. They hadn't separated for the rest of the day, up until the Hogwarts students were required to go back to the castle. The two best friends avoided the public eye by having lunch in a private room in the back of the Three Broomsticks, and then walking around the outskirts of Hogsmeade, between the lake and the forest. Harry never let go of Hermione's hand. He had explained his absence and she had begrudgingly accepted it, explaining her own experience with her parents. She went on to tell him about her studies, and how she was graduating a few months early. Both of them discussed their reluctance to return to British wizarding society, and Harry asked her if she had ever considered moving away. Hermione then went on to tell him of her love for France and Spain, and how she'd always dreamed of visiting the rest of Europe. It turned out that Harry had also gone through his inheritance and family bank accounts while abroad, and he actually had a rather large house in Barcelona, along with several other properties around the world. He promised her he'd take her to every one of them, and relished in the rose pink color that blossomed on her cheeks. Hermione took her N.E.W.T.s and graduated in the beginning of March. She aced all of her tests, and Harry took her to a fancy Muggle restaurant in celebration. They had both dressed up, Harry in an Oxford shirt and slacks and Hermione in a chiffon dress with flowing sleeves, the scar on her chest just barely visible and the one on her forearm covered completely. Unidentified feelings had stirred that night, and though the conversation had been as easy and comfortable as usual, both knew something had changed. They'd both grown up faster than they should have, they both were more mature and wise in the ways of the world. They had seen death, been the cause of it, been hurt by it. They understood each other better than ever. Harry offered Hermione a place to stay after she graduated, and she accepted, because as much as she tried to get over it, she missed being so close to him. Harry wasn't the only one affected by their time together on the hunt—it was unnerving, sometimes, not being able to see or hear or talk to him. Moving in with him was probably a bad decision, Hermione realized, but she wanted that closeness again. Fortunately, moving in with Harry was one of the best decisions she'd ever made. Harry asked her out two weeks after she moved in, and a month after getting together he slipped a ring on her finger one morning as she held out her hand for a spoon. Her eyes had widened as she gasped. Harry grinned that same crooked grin at her and took her left hand, pulling her close and dipping his head to kiss her before he breathed the words ' marry me? ' against her lips. Hermione laughed as tears pooled in her eyes. She called him impossible and impulsive before exclaiming ' yes, you idiot!' , reaching up to take his face in her hands, and kissing him senseless. May arrived, and so did the first anniversary of the end of the Second Wizarding War. Hermione and Harry were invited to countless parties, but they didn't respond to any invitations. They barely ventured into the wizarding world at all, instead staying among the mundane world and going through the Potter and Black families' extensive libraries in their down time. Even so, the Ministry sent them an official invitation to a ball being held in honor of those who'd fallen in the fight against Voldemort, and Hermione and Harry knew they'd be attending that one. They would pay their respects to the loved ones they'd lost, but after that they were making plans for leaving Britain altogether. x She lets go of his hand in favor of taking his offered arm, and he escorts her to the entrance of the luxurious hotel the Ministry had chosen to host one of the largest events of British wizarding society. Harry offers the Auror guarding the entrance their invitations, and the Auror opens the door for the two of them, Harry letting Hermione walk into the lobby first before rejoining her and tucking her hand into the crook of his arm again. The hotel is very opulent, with soaring ceilings and polished floors. Harry and Hermione follow the signs to the largest ballroom, with hotel guests and personnel alike whispering as the two leisurely stroll past. The bellhops manning the ballroom's entrance doors gawk at the two war heroes as they approach, until one of the passing managers clears his throat pointedly. They snap out of it and thank Harry and Hermione profusely before opening the doors simultaneously to allow them through. It's time to face the public. Harry and Hermione step into the enormous room and most of the guests' chatter quiets as the two appear on the landing above the main floor. The two best friends stand at the top of the marble staircase for a moment, taking in the appearance of the room. It's huge and there are five crystal and gold chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. The floor is polished marble, with many round dinner tables surrounding a large area, presumably the dance floor. There is a stage at the far end of the room, not very high but holding a smartly-dressed band and a lone podium and microphone in the very front. A high-end bar is on the left side of the room, and the right side has tall glass windows and multiple sets of double doors leading to an outside garden area. The whole set-up is very impressive and refined. Applause starts up about five seconds after Harry and Hermione appear on the landing, and continues for a good twenty seconds as they descend the staircase. Harry smiles briefly and indulgently, but otherwise looks unaffected. Hermione's expression is calm and collected, a small smile turning the corners of her lips upwards. They're the picture of elegance and class. Harry is dressed in a black, three-piece tuxedo with a white dress shirt and black bowtie. His cufflinks are small gold House Potter crests, and his black dress shoes are shined to perfection. His hair is neat for once, though it's cut shorter on the sides and longer on the top, slightly covering the faint scar on his forehead. He doesn't need his glasses anymore since undergoing Muggle eye surgery at Hermione's suggestion, something which Hermione sees as making him even more attractive. Most of the witches at the event go wide-eyed at the sight of 'The Savior of the Wizarding World'. Hermione, on the other hand, is simply dazzling. Her dress is a streamlined halter style, the hem touching the floor even with the added height of her heels. The dress is a nude color, going well with her slight tan, and has a glittery dotted overlay that travels from the high collar of the dress all the way down to the hem. A sheer cape of the same color and sparkling design trails behind her, attached at the back of the collar since the dress is T-backed. Her shoulder blades are bare and her curls are pulled back into a French braid with the ends tucked up underneath. Sparkling pins of silver encrusted with miniscule diamonds decorate her hair, making her curly updo twinkle under the lights as well. She wears no jewelry save for a pair of diamond stud earrings and an antique engagement ring with a large, emerald-cut diamond. Her makeup is subtle, bronze dusted across her eyelids and her eyelashes long and thick with mascara. Her cheekbones are highlighted and her lips are a nude-pink color. The couple steps off the staircase and is approached by many, the applause finally dies down. The engagement ring shines prominently on Hermione's left hand, which is curled around Harry's right bicep. Many witches eagerly ask if the two are engaged, and what the wedding plans are, and when the wedding is, but Hermione only smiles and says they only just got engaged. They mingle with the crowds as is expected, speaking with many but spending more time with the people they know. They give their consolation and support to those who lost family members that Harry and Hermione knew. As people are still arriving, they move off to the side of the room, close to the bar. "Would you like a drink?" Harry asks, leaning down to whisper in Hermione's ear. She pauses in her conversation with Susan Bones and smiles up at him. "That would be wonderful, Harry." "Susan?" Harry questions, looking at the redhead. "Care for a drink?" She politely declines and Harry moves away towards the bar. "You two really care for each other, don't you," Susan says, watching as