a/n: for mari and em, my baes :* where the heart is; / Annabeth's mom had once told her that being in love and finding her soulmate made her feel 'giddy,' which Annabeth thinks she kind of understands. In all those Disney movies, it seems that true love is the remedy to everything; she sees it in her parents, too: they way they laugh and talk and hold hands, with smiles on their lips and stars in their eyes. She first sees the stars on her arms. Carelessly drawn, as though done by someone her age but with far less patience, they travel down her elbow and circle her wrist like a bracelet, travelling up and down each finger and resurfacing on the back of her palms. Annabeth might have only just woken up, but she's pretty sure she's never before drawn on her arms in her sleep — the stars are far too amateurish to be done by her hand, anyway — and, as she watches in horrified fascination, another star appears just above her wrist accompanied by a faint itching sensation: a crude six-pointed one that looks a little smudged by the time it's finished. She does what every sane person would: she screams and runs to her parents' room, crying and holding her arms out the way zombies do. "D-Daaadd —" "Annabeth?" Her parents stir; her mom sits up almost immediately, holding out her arms and switching on the beside lamp while still blinking the sleep out of her eyes; her dad takes longer to wake. He's not used to waking up before six in the morning, and today is a Sunday, meaning he'll be in bed till at least ten. Annabeth crawls into her mother's side, shaking, her sobs coming out in little hiccups, holding out her arms for her to inspect. Her mother gasps "Frederick," and pinches her father in the arm, showing him the stars. Her father squints at the marks, then puts on his glasses and squints some more. "Fascinating," he says finally. "She's only eleven, too," her mom says. Her dad chuckles. "He or she is quite the artist." Annabeth doesn't understand, but her parents aren't panicking or anything, which means that she's probably not in immediate danger. The fear in her chest begins to dissipate. "So...it's not a disease?" They both laugh, and her mother draws her closer. "No, Annabeth. Remember what we told you about soulmates?" She lifts her sleeve to show Annabeth a small mark resembling an owl wearing glasses near her elbow. Her father, Annabeth knows, has the same mark on the back of his neck. "Everyone gets different ones," her father says. "Your mom and I —" he smiles at his wife — "got matching tattoos. Some people get their soulmate's first words written on them. Some people —" "This is a tattoo?" Annabeth interrupts, wrinkling her nose. "I have to live with these for the rest of my life?" "It's not a tattoo," her mom soothes. She reaches out and presses her thumb against at one of the stars, and, after a few rubs, it begins to smudge, and then it vanishes entirely. "It's just black ink." "Seems like you've got the kind where whatever you write on your arm will appear on the other's, too," her dad adds. "That's pretty rare." "So...someone is drawing stars on their arm," Annabeth says. The fear is gone, replaced by a slowly-growing curiosity to learn more about the mysterious markings. "What do I do now?" "It's up to you," her father replies, smiling and ruffling her hair. "We won't push you to do anything. You can choose whether or not to contact them back, but your soulmate — wherever he or she is — probably doesn't know that you can see what they're drawing, though." "You want me to draw something back? To let them know I'm here?" "Like we said, it's up to you." Her mom smiles too, pats her cheek twice, very softly. "Okay," Annabeth says. "Okay." Heading back to her room, Annabeth grabs a red pen from her desk and settles on her bed. She thinks of writing her name, and maybe a greeting of some sort, but then decides against it. She uses the pen to etch a small star right in the middle of her left palm, and colors it in. Impossible to miss. She waits, and a response comes almost immediately: a bigger star that completely envelops hers, followed by a large question mark, this time in blue pen: ? She starts small, simple, safe. Hi. Hi? the person replies. Sorry for surprising you. It's okay. Then — I guess you're the soulmate person my mom told me about? I guess, she writes back. Woah. I didn't expect it to happen like this. Yeah. Um — he says, and she has to rub away a bunch of stars as the writing appears on her arm — wow. Wait do you know English. Are you American? I'm sorry I don't know any other languages other than English and a little bit of Latin. DO you know Latin or something? I can try to speak Spanish, too. But that's it. I know English. I'm from California. I live in New York. I think California is really far. My mom says it's in a different timezone, and stuff. Could be worse. Yeah. You could be in a different country, and we'd have no chance of having anything in common at all. There's a pause, then — What's your name? It takes her a while to respond, but eventually she decides on — Beth. You can call me Beth. This is the name her parents use when they're all cuddled up on the sofa, watching old romantic comedies and trying to steal each other's popcorn. She's only let the people closest to her call her that. I'm Perseus, the writing says a second later. hi. Again. And sorry for scribbling on your arm. Or my arm. Both? It's okay, she writes. I guess we'll have to get used to it. That's true. And. I guess. nice to meet you. He draws a shaky circle and etches a smiley face inside. It kind of makes her giggle. :) There is a similar smile on her face when she replies: You too. / Over the next two years, they figure out a lot. Most marks made on one of them will appear shortly on the skin of the other, in the exact same place. Scratches, wounds, and bruises appear with less intensity, but still hurt when pressed hard enough. Perseus tells her very early on that he is clumsy as hell and often gets into scrapes, so it's a relief when she finds out that blood-causing wounds won't cause her to bleed as well. Pens and markers are best for writing on skin, because they're so bold and smooth. Pencils are great for leaving hidden messages. Crayons and color pencils are the worst: Perseus tries using oil pastels once and since they're so hard to wash away, they both end up sporting orange-and-purple stained wrists for a while. Annabeth, being the (self-proclaimed) intellectual she is, tries to measure the time between sending and receiving a message, while Perseus just makes various elaborate doodles. She always knows when he's writing something, because there's a small tingle that runs up and down the affected area like an electric current. He talks a lot, so much so that she's started carrying a little cloth with her everywhere, to rub off the paragraphs he writes to make room for more. He says that his stepdad hasn't let him buy a phone, even though he goes to boarding school, where public phone privileges are limited. He doesn't really say, but something suggests to her that he doesn't have a lot of friends, either. She gets that. Besides, having a secret pen pal is kind of fun, and she doesn't mind waking up to a whole page worth of writing going up and down her arm. He's got a lot of fun stories from boarding school. She's the responsible one, and tries to set up a few ground rules. Stuff like not drawing mustaches on her when she's in school (which he did once), or writing rude words on her forehead (which he did twice), or retaliating with even worse insults (which Annabeth did once, to disastrous results). Rule One, the Holy Rule: No asking for help on tests. WHY? Perseus had written when she first told him. WHY? It gives you an unfair advantage, she says wisely. but Beth, you're such a Wise Girl — something he's been calling her since he found out she was a straight-A student — what's the point if I don't take advantage of all your knowledge? You can ask me anything you want, she replies. Just not during an exam. cheater. I'm trying to stop you from becoming one! Fine, he grumbles. I'll play fair. Then, two days later, while she's eating breakfast — Hey, say there are two trains: one, traveling 70 miles per hour, leaves Westford heading toward Eastford, 260 miles away. At the same time the second train, traveling 60 mph, leaves Eastford heading toward Westford. When do the two trains meet? The words take up half her arm, ending in tiny print on her index finger. A minute later, he adds, as though a last-ditch effort to convince her that he's not trying to cheat: Just asking. You're in the middle of a pop quiz, aren't you. No, he says a minute later. Of course not. Liar. A long pause, as though he's being careful to not be seen. PLEASE HELP ME I NEED TO PASS I HATE THIS STUPID SUBJECT MAYBE IF YOU LISTENED IN CLASS ONCE IN A WHILE YOU WOULDNT BE HAVING THIS PROBLEM IN THE FIRST PLACE PLEASE BETH PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE BETH PLEASE NO PLEASE NO WHAT IF SOMEONE SEES YOU? WHAT IF tHE TEACHER SEES YOU? DONT worRY ABOUT THAT STUFF I'LL BE FINE IF YOU GET CAUGHT, YOU'LL BE IN DETENTION FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE! Annabeth's never been in detention, unless you count the time she was given a severe talking-to by the principal for constantly correcting one of her teachers during class. SO? YOU DON'T MIND GETTING DETENTION? I DONT CARE PLEASE HELP ME JUST ONE QUESTION NO AND YOU CALL YOURSELF MY SOULMATE GOODBYE I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL FINE I DON'T NEED YOUR HELP BYE Ten minutes later, he gives up entirely. please give me a hint Beth please just a small one just this question i swear i studied for this test pleassee? pretty please? fine , she relents. a teeny hint. and that's it. Yes please! Use the distance formula I KNEW THAT MYSELF HOW IS THAT A HINT USE IT I HOPE YOU NEVER GET A JOB AS A CLUE-MAKER FOR TREASURE HUNTS, he scrawls in large letters on his palm. YOU'D BE TERRIBLE AT IT. Is that even a job? Dunno. It'd be cool, though. She giggles into her hands, and her father asks, "Is that Perseus?" "He's having trouble with math," Annabeth says. "He wants my help." He laughs. "Tell him good luck." She does, but he doesn't reply back until late that night — I got caught. She snorts. Toldja. I tried telling them you wouldn't even help me, but I got yelled at anyway. He makes a sad face with blue marker, even draws a few teardrops. They called home, too but my mom picked up, and she believed me. I'm just glad Gabe didn't find out. He'd kill me. Good thing. You must be tired, though. Yeah, I am. Night. Thanks for the hint, even though it was crap. Night, she scribbles, aware that she is grinning at his words, aware of the warmth that spreads from her chest. It's weird. She's been talking to Perseus for a little over two years,