a/n: long time no fic, I guess. this one, I must warn you, contains swearing. also death. if you, like me, found the blood of olympus to be a bit of a disappointment, I hope you stick with this fic to the end. if you liked the blood of olympus and don't feel a need to change anything about it...well, I hope you'll like it, too. if i fell / The night before, Piper does not think to tell Jason I love you , even though they haven't been together long; he kisses her goodnight all she says is, see you tomorrow, and she does, and he falls asleep with their hands entwined on the bus. When he wakes up, he doesn't know her anymore. / The clouds churn and Jason looks at her blankly– they are only ten feet apart but the space between them seems to widen into a river, a sea, an ocean. Leo cracks weird jokes and spits over the side off the cliff, and then it happens. There is nothing to warn them – only a slight shift in the winds as everything turns to vapor. Jason produces a spear out of midair and seems are freaked out as she; Leo is batted to the side by an invisible hand of air and rolls and rolls, gathering gravel in his hair. Coach Hedge yells , look out, cupcakes! and then a sword tip grazes his side and he falls. Blood spills onto the ground and Piper thinks about how she once set his pants on fire. She is too stunned to scream or yell or move, damn it, as Coach Hedge is lifted into the air and out of sight. Jason darts in and out of her vision, battling grey things, and Leo turns to his side and pukes, coughing and shuddering. Piper picks up a rock to help but then a gust of wind slams into her and she is falling, falling, into nothingness, and there is nothing except the cold cutting her face, and she closes her eyes – She is suspended in midair. Jason holds her and he is avoiding her eyes. He does not see the tears fall a million feet into the canyon below. / Jason's chin bleeds when the blonde girl shoves her dagger under it. "Where is he?" Her grey eyes are mad , constantly darting, focusing on Piper, on Leo, on the gray sky. Her dagger presses against Jason's throat – he makes a strangled, gulping sound. "Stop!" Piper pleads – he may not remember her but she does, she does , and he caught her and she may even love him and she doesn't like to see him hurt. "Please, we don't know anything –" "Liar," she hisses, and she knees Jason in the gut so he falls to the ground, to turn to Piper instead. Something in her expression looks broken . "We can help you find whoever you're looking for –" Leo offers, but the girl lashes out with one hand and Leo bends over and coughs up spit. The girl gets in Piper's face. "Tell– me–where – he– is." She gets a little closer to Piper's face with each word. "I swear I won't hesitate to kill you –" her eyes sweep the ground – "all three of you. Tell me where he is, and I'll back off, and you can go back to being little nothings." "We don't know." Piper winces and the knife's cool metal touches her neck. "I'm not lying, please, please believe us, we were attacked, and our Coach…person is probably d– dead –" Dumbly, she begins to cry, and the girl removes her dagger. Her grey eyes fall to the ground. "You're not lying," she whispers, and she doubles over and begins to cry. Her body shakes and she gasps for breath, and she turns to the sky and shrieks, "Why are you doing this to me? Why? " and lightning flashes. Another guy approaches and touches the girl's shoulder, then helps her back to the chariot – the girl's cries haunt Piper's ears. Jason stands. "What the fuck is her problem?" The guy turns to them. "You have no idea what the hell you're saying, kid. If you'd gone though what she has –" "Who's she lost?" Piper cuts in. The guy is grave. "Her boyfriend. A guy called Percy Jackson." / They tell their story – Jason whispers, "I can't remember...anything", and Piper says, "This is a mistake, we've known each other the whole year –" and the girl sneers , What's his last name? and Piper knows it, she knows it, she knows it. Her mouth goes dry. She knows it. / Piper can't remember her boyfriend's last name. She can't remember when she met him, how she met him, anything about him, except that she thinks she loves him. The blonde girl says, "It was a trick of the Mist, that's all. None of it ever happened. That's why you don't remember." She looks bitter. "There aren't mistakes, not in our world." Jason looks at his shoes and Piper wants to scream but instead she bites down on her tongue so hard it bleeds. Blood fills her mouth but she swallows it down. / The moment the chariot touches down, flames ignite over Leo's head. "What the –" Leo stumbles and falls, but the flames follow. He screams, "Get them away !" but they don't, so Leo kneels on the ground with his hands clenching the grass and makes soft, choking noises. The flames fade. Piper helps Leo up and he is trembling. She feels the goosebumps on his arm. "You okay?" she whispers, but Leo's eyes are red and he pulls his hand away and doesn't reply. "Wow," someone from the crowd comments, "Bunch of nutjobs you got us, Annabeth." She throws a spear on the ground. The same guy comments, "I guess you didn't find Percy, then." Annabeth snarls, "What the fuck do you think , Stoll?" She turns to Leo, who still looks white. "The fire wasn't real, by the way. You were claimed – by Hephaestus, god of blacksmiths and fire and a bunch of other shit I'm too tired to name –" the clouds roar – "yeah, shut up , pisspots. But yeah, basically, if you've got a phobia of fire, you'd better get over it quick. And for what it's worth, welcome to Camp." Her hand touches her neck and clasps a thin necklace. "Someone get the other two to Hermes until the campfire. I'm too tired to put up with this bullshit." The crowd vanishes except for a tall, pretty Asian girl who latches onto Jason like a leech. Leo's eyes are still wide and he stops at the first bathroom and doesn't come out. The girl rolls her eyes, "Good riddance," and loops her arm through Jason's. Piper snaps, "Get away." "Okay," the girl says, in a dazed voice, and she prances off. "How'd you do that?" Jason wonders, but Piper's anger at the whole day in general kind of spills over. "I don't care, okay?" she snaps. "Just g–go away. Please." She doesn't really want him to obey, but he does, and Piper stands in the grass on a winter day, all alone. / Piper doesn't go to Hermes Cabin. She goes to the second one instead, the one withwith peacocks on the outer walls. The moment she steps over the threshold her head goes woozy. A voice yells in her mind, so loud it pounds at her skull like tiny fists – FREE ME! FREE ME! and she blacks out. / She remembers Jason kissing her and her father and surfing on the beach and peanut–butter–and–jelly sandwiches and a beautiful woman's smile. If only she could wake up that happy. / Piper wakes up to a damp pillow – she's been crying in her sleep. "I told them to take you to Hermes Cabin," Annabeth murmurs sullenly on a chair close by. Piper tries to sit up and it doesn't work. She falls back and the tears on the pillow make her hair and the back of her neck damp. "What the hell happened?" she asks. "Search me," Annabeth shrugs. "You were the one who went exploring. I saw the Hera door open, saw you conked out on the floor, screaming Stop! Stop! It was creepy." "I–I…" Piper tries to remember. "There was a voice in my head. A woman yelled, all crazy-ish, Free me! It hurt so bad...I passed out. I guess." "Huh." Annabeth shrugs. She stands. "We'll figure it out tonight at the campfire. In the meantime, rest, and please don't wander off. I've got enough on my plate without you trying to clamber on, too." / The only thing they figure out at the campfire is that everything sucks. Jason summons lightning and arcs of electricity streak his hair and the whole night he looks at her all concerned, but that's probably a mistake because apparently he first learned her name this morning. Leo sits with his half–siblings and looks at everything but the campfire changing different colors. Rachel's eyes turn fluorescent green and she hisses out strings of words that Piper doesn't understand. She ends with " –and death unleash, through Hera's rage, " and Piper remembers the voice in her head, screeching, FREE ME! She shivers, even though she is closest to the fire. Someone says quest, quest and everyone takes up the chant. Piper needs to go. Piper's got to go. Piper says, "I want to go." Someone laughs – the pretty girl, the one who likes Jason. "Please. You? You're worthless. You got here this morning and you spent the rest of the day unconscious. You know nothing ." Everyone around goes, Yes, that's right. Piper pleads, But I've got to go. It's supposed to be me. I have a feeling. I got a vision . She does not say, My father has been taken. She can't say that, but the crowd agrees anyway. The girl stands. "Stop!" she glares at Piper. "Y–you're a witch . Think you're so smart? Well, I may just know something–" She never finishes, because Piper begins to glow pink. Everyone stares at Piper and she snaps, What ? When she looks down she's wearing a dress and her hair is combed and she's wearing makeup and accessories and her face is clean. There is no dirt under her fingernails and all her zits are gone. Leo says, "What the–?"and Jason says, "Piper, you're a knockout," and Chiron says, "Daughter of Aphrodite," and everyone kneels. Piper says, "Fuck." / That night, Piper sees purple fire and her father writhes under a giant, scaly foot. The voice scoffs, Time's almost up, little girl. Piper tastes metal and her lip is bloody, soaking the pillow. She can't go to sleep again. / Her cabinmates sneer at her and Piper can't take it anymore. All her half–siblings look so fake and plastic and they stare at her with contempt in their eyes. The Asian girl, Drew, coughs "even Mom's blessing can't hide the ugly," when Piper tries to rub the makeup away, and for some stupid reason Piper's tongue is tied. All she can think of is that these mean, hurtful people can't be her family. She murmurs, "Aphrodite is not about this," and she hears the whole cabin erupt in laughter as she rushes from the place. / Leo does not tell them how he got the dragon. He does not tell them why the Boreads say he smells of fire and really, he does not tell them a thing. She asks him, "Why were you so scared when you first got claimed?" but he only clenches his jaw. Piper's sick of the secrets, but then remember she has too many of her own. Khione's fingers touch Jason's neck and she croons in his ear and Piper's heart nearly implodes. She tells the goddess