a/u: okay so this is a superhero au? with a lot of miraculous ladybug love square dynamics thrown in? i literally don't have an explanation omg. also characters might be ooc but please deal with my crappy writing, sorry. come morning light; / Percy only ever reads the newspaper, Annabeth has noticed, when Grey Wind is on the front, and it takes a lot of effort to yank the paper away. She does this, now, because she actually cares about other news, like political affairs and how the economy is doing. If she's being honest, then yes, there is a little bit of jealousy involved, but Annabeth has learned to shove those feelings down. Besides, seeing herself on the headlines makes her really uncomfortable. "Hey, I wanna read more about her!" Percy squawks. He points at his glasses. "I even came prepared to read the article today." "You literally know everything about her," Jason says. "It's getting a little creepy." Across the table, Piper sends her a sympathetic look, but Annabeth responds only with a smile that screams please shut up . She's the only one, as far as Annabeth knows, who knows about her completely embarrassing crush on Percy, which Annabeth hates , by the way. Percy's been her friend for a trillion years; they've been neighbors since they were like, eight, and she probably trusts him the most out of anyone. Having these... feelings aren't ideal. She hates it when her palms get all sweaty around him and her heart starts to race; she's already forgotten how to act normally around the guy . In short, crushes are stupid and Annabeth wants her feelings back in full. Plus, Percy's a dumbass and a dork and he's totally got a huge crush on Grey Wind, the superhero. Which is also her. She's also fairly sure that he's never even seen her while she's in her superhero form, but when she'd pointed this out, he'd only said, "When I do meet her, I'm totally gonna —" and he had described to her, with a ridiculous amount of detail, just how he planned to sweep the superhero off her feet. It had taken all of her effort to stop herself from using her powers and disappearing on the spot. "I can't help it," Percy grins, sighing dramatically. "She's so perfect. Have you seen her legs?" Annabeth looks down at her toast quickly as the other two settle in to listen to Percy go on and on about the hero again. She's not gonna lie: Annabeth has often thought of telling Percy that it's her he's been gushing about all this time, if only just to see his reaction; her own feelings aside, Percy is her best friend and they share everything, but she'd decided not to tell him this, for the same reason she hasn't told her parents, or Piper: it could put him in danger. After another minute of his long winded list, Annabeth starts spacing out, just watching him talk as she drinks her orange juice. "Hey, Wise Girl?" Percy, figuring Annabeth's mind had wandered off at some point during his rant, pokes her in the nose to get his attention. "Don't start ignoring me, asshole." Annabeth shrugs, tossing a curl of blonde hair out of her face. "Oops." "Coulda just told me you weren't interested in listening to me talk about my dumb crush," Percy says. "It's not that I'm not interested," she protests weakly, even though she really, really isn't. It is so weird hearing her crush go on and on about her to her while not meaning the her that he is talking to. "It's just that you've said all of that to me. Many times. And you don't even know her." "That's not..." Percy opens and shuts his mouth like a fish. "I mean, it's not weird to have a crush on someone that's famous. I think that's pretty normal, and it's not like I'm like, cosplaying her and stuff." "Please don't," Annabeth says quickly. She takes a sip of her juice. "If you're gonna cosplay a superhero, do, I dunno, that Typhoon guy. Or something." "I dunno, we'll see. I'd probably do it if I got to see his entire face. I'm pretty sure it's fucking gorgeous." "Dude, you're superhero-sexual," says Jason. Percy flicks salt in his face. "I doubt you'll be seeing his face any time soon," she says, rolling her eyes. "That's the point of the whole 'secret identity' thing." She pushes another curl of hair out of her face. Wearing her hair loose is so annoying, but Annabeth doesn't want to take any risks: she wears her hair up in a ponytail when she's Grey Wind, and she doesn't feel like her mask covers her face enough. Using her hair to cover half her face during college hours is pissing off, but it might help keep her alter ego safe, so she can learn to deal with it. Percy lifts his glasses up to his forehead, but they slip quickly back onto his nose. She knows she could make the glasses stay up near his hairline using her powers, but that would probably be a little much to handle for him. He tries to shove his glasses up again, while Piper watches, chortling. It is downright infuriating how Percy doesn't look like a total idiot in glasses, but his eyes look less bright behind the lenses, and she likes to think that the glasses help prevent his gaze from staring right into her brain, picking apart her secrets. Maybe this way is better. He's staring at her, now, though: maybe he's picked up on her irritation. Or maybe she's accidentally summoned the sugar to her hand telekinetically by mistake. She looks down at the table. The sugar is near Piper's elbow. She exhales. Good. "Annabeth," Percy says. His glasses fall back onto his nose. His expression is serious. "What?" Internally, she is screaming. He's figured it out, is her first panicked thought, which is impossible, because Annabeth has left not even the slightest of hints to suggest that she is the superhero. Or that she likes him. To be honest, him figuring out either would be a total catastrophe. "Buy me a milkshake," he says, his lips curving into the sunniest of smiles, and she's so relieved that she does. / Percy's late for patrol, as usual, and he arrives at their usual meeting place as quietly as he can, manipulating the wind to set him down lightly on the rooftop. He can sense Grey Wind's presence, even though he can't see her, and her aura reeks of annoyance. "You're late," she says, becoming visible. "If it had been an actual date—" he says charmingly, trying for a dazzling smile, even though he knows it'll probably have no effect on her. "I only go on dates with people I like," says Grey Wind bluntly. Her blonde hair, tied in its usual high ponytail, is whipping crazily in the wind, and her eyes, partially hidden by her mask, gleam good-naturedly. Percy thinks she looks gorgeous in the moonlight, even though, the next moment, she has vanished from sight again. "That's cold," he says, and she sighs, making herself visible again just to roll her eyes at him, and Percy catches sight of the mist by her feet that hides her so effectively from everyone's sight. He is about to sit down next to her when she suddenly turns visible and shoots to her feet, making him yelp in surprise. She points, and Percy follows her gaze to an alleyway, where a man has grabbed a woman's bag and is making a run for it. The woman tries to run after him, but there's the sound of a pistol being fired, and then a scream. "Take the back," she tells him before vanishing on the spot; Percy sees silvery vapor flutter towards the alley, and he leaps into the air behind her, focusing on the water in the air. He wills the particles to solidify under his feet, and he zooms quickly to the crime scene, where he finds the woman in tears, clutching at her calf, where blood is oozing from the wound. "You'll be okay," he tells her, twirling his fingers expertly around her leg. He wills the water to circulate, washing away the blood and even removing the bullet. The woman shrieks, but then bites her tongue bravely, breathing hard. She gazes up at him with tears in her eyes. "Wait here, help is on the way," Percy says, lifting her up easily into his arms and using the water vapor to get him to the closest hospital, where he quickly summons a nurse. He sets her on a bench, maintaining his concentration on her wound and simultaneously reaching for his homing device and pressing it so that Grey Wind knows that he's done half of his job. She's probably contacted the police already, and hopefully she's caught the thief, too. "Thanks, T-Typhoon," the woman manages as he gets to his feet, helping the nurse support her. "Anytime," he says, with his usual grin. The woman blushes and the nurse smiles back, and Percy quickly turns on his earpiece to ask Grey Wind where she is; seems like she's the only one immune to his smile. He finds her not far away, dodging the criminal's repeated punches. It's almost amusing to watch, because Grey Wind vanishes every time the man swings, only to reappear in a different place with the same sly expression. The man's blows grow more desperate with every attempt, and his legs seem ready to buckle. Grey Wind's fighting style is more of a patience thing than anything else, and even though Percy loves watching her take down evildoers, he can't help dashing forward, propelled by a powerful gust of wind, pinning down the man immediately. "I had that," says Grey Wind, placing her hands on her waist and glaring at him. "I know," he says, hauling the man underneath him upright and retrieving the purse. He glances at the guy. "Everyone knows she could've taken you, dude, sorry. I mean, I have you seen her?" "Please don't advertise me to criminals," she says with distaste. "And don't interrupt me during a fight." "You were taking too long. Why didn't you just summon the gun from his hand?" "His finger was still on the trigger, I didn't want him shooting anyone by mistake." She looks at him like this had been obvious. The man opens his mouth, probably to ask what the fuck is going on, but Percy turns his attention back to his partner, who is brushing the dust of her grey-and-silver suit. "One date," he tries, for the millionth time. "You're being inappropriate," she shoots back. He pushes the guy down to the ground again, pulling his arms behind his back and half sitting on him. "I'm just saying it'll be nice." "And I'm just saying that you're not being appropriate. Try and be a bit more professional. We are still in the middle of a job , since the police haven't taken him into their custody yet." "Doesn't mean I can't flirt." In the distance, he can hear the wail of police sirens headed towards them. "Damn it." "It means you shouldn't ," she grumbles, heading towards the sound, hailing the closest police car over. A few of the cars arrive, pulling up near them. Percy lets a cop replace him in detaining the criminal, getting off of him in the process. He watches as they cuff the man and pull him away before turning back to Grey Wind. "Wanna grab dinner?" "Like this? Hell no." "Ha!" he crows, "does that mean you would have dinner with me if we weren't our superhero-selves right now?" "Still hell no," she says, but the tips of her ears are pink. "I'm just hungry, that's all, and we'd attract unwanted attention." She glances away. "Well, I've got