Hello, first off thank you to all who are reading this and giving it a chance, hope you like it. Second, if anybody is intrested in Beta'in this story for me, send me a message. And all this belongs to SM i just like to play with her dolls. "No! Were leaving, end of discussion!" Edward yelled tugging at his copper hair in frustration; I found that deeply amusing, poor Eddie boy wasn't getting his own way. He had called a family meeting, insisting we all had to come and listen to the important decision he and his Bella had made, it was a lie, we all knew it. He made all the decisions; Bella had hardly any control over her own life, never mind their relationship and things that had to do with this family. It was ridiculous. "Edward, have you even thought about what you're asking of us? What you're asking of Bella?" Esme asked struggling to hold onto her kind warm tone and keeping the harsh angry one at bay. It was like she was approaching a bomb, even though we knew Edward wouldn't snap at someone as kind hearted as Esme, but she still took care and took every step of this conversation with hesitancy. "Oh, no Esme. Haven't you heard, its all about Edward" I answered for him, he just glared daggers at me and let a hiss escape under his breath, witch made a smirk pull at my mouth. Emmett found it all rather amusing and tried to stifle his laughter with a cough as all eyes turned to him, I chuckled at his stupid attempt to be convicted as he whistled and looked anywhere but at us. Edward Cullen, or rather Mason in his human life, was born in the nineteen hundreds and has the mind of that era, he still see's the world for what it was back then. What makes that even worse is that he is still so immature, imprisoned in the mind and body of a seventeen year old boy. He will forever be a boy and never grow into the man Esme and Carlisle crave him to be. I think that's why he gets his own way and is spoilt so much, I think Carlisle feels guilty for turning him so young and not letting him grow, but he felt so compelled to save him after his mother pleaded for him to save her son. I wonder if she would feel that way now, seeing how he can never grow to understand the ways of the world in this day and age. Esme, kind hearted Esme. She longed for a child and needed to feel the pain ease somehow, so she turned to us and coddled every single child in this house, all except me, until a new one came along. I would never allow Esme to treat me like a child, I was older than her, I had been taking care of myself my whole existence, I don't know why she felt so compelled to try and replace my mother, not that she could. I also felt the need to do it out of respect for her son; I felt it sickening that she kept trying to replace him with us. I don't know why she did it, maybe it wasn't because she wanted to but felt obligated to, maybe for Carlisle. But I know some where hidden under her emotions she felt the same longing and grief from the very day he died. Maybe that's why. It was sad to watch some days, id catch her looking at me, longing to take care of me but also wanting to be wanted. I think that's what made her feel so…contented, knowing she was needed and wanted, but she would always have that with her mate. I hope one day she realises that and can finally let go of us and stand up on her own, maybe actually start living with her mate instead of carrying on with this false charade. "I agree with Edward, even though I don't think he's doing it the right way" Rose said throwing a glare at Edward "but think about it…she could have a proper career, instead of some lame ass attempt at one like Carlisle and fall in love, get married and maybe one day have kids. How great would that be for her, don't you want what's best for her, she could be so happy" she said with a soft smile and a dream like look in her eye. We all knew Rose wanted that life, cut the vamps out of course but she still wished, hoped and desired the normal, peaceful life any human women had. Emmett came up to her and wrapped his big arms around her slender frame. Carlisle winced at the criticism of how he worked and lived his life; he enjoyed it and to hear one of his children slandering it, made him feel less of a man. Rosalie was 5,9 with a perfect slender figure, she had platinum blonde hair with tints of honey colour and a small but perfectly placed mole under her right eye. It was her one imperfection that she and Em loved, not really an imperfection at all, just another thing that made her beautiful. She was the essence of ice, cold and harsh; she kept Em in line, but laughed and loved him privately. She shared few intimate moments with him in front of a room or audience, if you will. She tried hard to not let emotions show to any one other than Emmett and acted snobby and bitchy to all, as if to keep anyone, again, other that Emmett at arms length. Emmet was 6,2 with a burly frame but he relied on it too much and often forgot that calculating and strategy was the key to winning. His brown hair and big dimples often got him out of trouble and made all the girls swoon for him, it was funny to see Rose get so jealous about it. He was funny and bright often lightening any tense atmosphere and made the worst situation into a joke, sometimes the worst move to make but it did its job. He loved his family and would kill anyone for trying to hurt them; he was loyal to us and made it his goal to be liked by all. He achieved it by a long shot, though I doubt he knows this. Rosalie is the same with the family, just in a more stand offish way, she keeps her distance and her business to herself. She didn't believe in drama and attention seeking when I asked about it, she said she just wants to be left alone to live her life happily with her mate and that was all. Also when I asked if she truly wants that, then why stay with a drama filled family like this one, she simply said because it makes Em happy. And that was that, we never spoke about our talk or that day in the woods, we just smiled at each other when we passed in our day to day life. Though she would never admit it and I would never tell her, what she was doing was selfless and touching, it was odd to think this of Rose. "Babe, you can't actually think it's a good idea to leave Bell's, she's my baby sister. I don't want to leave her so please done ask me to." Emmett said letting his arms fall to his sides and moving away from Rose, she turned slowly and faced him, looking into his eyes sadly, Ems pleading. His emotions showed determination, hesitancy and longing. He didn't want to leave Bella but didn't want to loose Rose and she was going to make him choose, he knew it, she knew it, we all knew it. Rose cleared her face to indignation and huffed, cocking her hip and resting her hand on it she raised an eyebrow at him, her demeanour completely changing from what it was a second ago. "Why Em?" she said coldly and her eyes widened expectantly. He made a kind of sobbing noise in the back of his throat and looked at her with venom filled eyes, she was taken aback but didn't let it show. "Because she won't win" he said, lowering his eyes to the ground and walking out the backdoor and into the setting night, his reproaching figure seemed to fade away into the colours of yellows, blues, pinks and light oranges, strange combination for Forks. Rosalie sighed, racking a hand through her bouncy locks that fell into the exact same place they had been and slumped into the chair next to me, leaning into my side. It was a once in a blue moon moment were Rosalie Hale showed her vulnerability to the world and the even stranger thing was, she was taking comfort in me. Never happens. I wrapped an arm around her and pulled her closer, in a brotherly way, sending her some tranquil vibes to ease her stress and worries. This had to have been the biggest and longest family meeting ever and trust me; there have been a lot of family meetings. "How come your so quiet on the subject?" I asked Alice, jutting my chin in her direction a little. She seemed startled out of her thoughts; she took in a deep breath and let it out shakily. She looked warn and tired, yet conflicting emotions were boiling in her. "I can't have an opinion at this time; I still have a lot to think about. On one hand Edward is my brother and what makes him happy makes us all happy, I can also see Rosalie's point and Edwards regard to it. It makes sense, but I can't help but wonder Rose that you're trying to push something you want desperately onto someone who doesn't want it, you hate her, or act like you do, because you want her humanity, yet part of humanity is making decisions and mistakes. You've taken that away from her by pushing her into a life she doesn't want to lead; you're just as bad as Edward in that regard. And I can't decide it's wrong because I love Bella like a sister and want what's best for her and hope she's happy, of course I want Bella to live happily married with children and grandchildren surrounding her until she dies. I would also like to spend eternity gossiping and sharing boy trouble with her and having sisterly bond with her forever, but I also take into consideration of what she wants and feels, I want those things for her if she wants those things. It's not fair to pass judgment on to someone because of a decision or what you want for them and can't have. I want her in this family but I have to take everyone's opinion into account but if we do leave, I will not just up and go, I will go and say goodbye properly, I'm her best friend after all." She said strongly before walking away and up to her room, looking rather proud to have gotten how she feels on the subject out. It was a dignified moment for Alice as we all just stared in shock at her as she left the room at a human pace and climbed the stares. "Did she eat a dictionary or a book lately?" I asked my jaw still on the floor and my eyes staring at the spot Alice had moved from a second ago. "No, maybe a really smart deer…" Rose hummed her suggestion into my ear as she looked at the same place my eyes were, she looked to be in deep thought. "I'm off to pack" Edward said leaving the room and trailing his feet behind him, I shook my head at him, he was being pathetic. We weren't leaving,