A Brief Visit The plan had been for a brief visit. A chance to really talk now that everything was over and the goals of the quest had been achieved. Everything had happened so fast after we had retaken the Lonely Mountain. And much of it seemed rather surreal even at the time. I'll never forget standing on the top of that wall as Bilbo admitted giving the Arkenstone to Bard and the Elvenking. Thorin was in a rage, but I was numb. I couldn't understand just at that moment why Bilbo would do such a thing. I felt betrayed by the both of them at once. Bilbo for consorting with those whom our king had proclaimed to be the enemy, and Thorin for turning Bilbo away so quickly without really giving him a chance to explain why he'd done this to us... to me. After Bilbo had climbed down to join Gandalf and the others it was my eyes he sought out. As plans were made for the buying back of the stone, we just looked at one another. I could see the apology in his eyes, but I could also see conviction. He believed what he had done was right. And in the long night that came afterward, I decided to put my trust in him once again. If Bilbo had truly believed this was the right course of action, then I was willing to give him the benefit of the doubt until I saw how the aftermath unfolded. Or at least until I got the chance to speak to him again. What was truly strange about it, I suppose, was that it was not until then that I remembered that Thorin wasn't Bilbo's king. And it came as something of a shock. I had become so used to having him with us that it seemed as though he belonged there. It wasn't that I had forgotten that he was a Hobbit or that we had collected him from a little hole built into a hill with a round, green door. But somehow my heart had forgotten that he hadn't always been there. I had forgotten that his place, his loyalties, didn't necessarily lie in the same place as mine. It was frightening. Not because he was different from me, I'd always known that, but that I had learned to trust and care about him so much. I had never before relied on someone who was so far outside my world. I don't think I realized just how much I had come to depend on him, and on his presence, until he wasn't there. The mountain felt horribly empty that night, and we all sat in stunned and aching silence. Only Thorin spoke, but his words of anger and blame touched no chord in the rest of us. I wasn't the only one who had come to care for Bilbo and I wasn't the only one who was shamed by our king's behavior toward the Hobbit. But I think I was the only one who found it in me that night to believe that he may have done the right thing after all. The others simply felt betrayed and forlorn. While I was just waiting, hoping Bilbo would prove my faith in him well placed yet again. And he did. I have fought in battles before but only the one that followed that night remains a blur in my mind. For that, I am grateful. I don't want to remember the charges and counter strikes or just when it was that we were separated from Thorin and Fili and Kili. I remember all too well when I learned that the two youngest dwarves were dead and that Thorin was mortally wounded. And that Bilbo was missing. They searched everywhere, and I remember Gandalf's face was grim even while he assured Thorin, who wanted now at the end to see Bilbo again, that they would find him. No matter his words to comfort a dying Dwarf, Gandalf was not sure in himself that Bilbo was still alive and that frightened me. We'd lost so much already, were about to loose our king. I couldn't bear to loose our Hobbit as well. We still needed him, or at least I did. I didn't quite know what that meant then, I was too tired and frightened to think about it. That would come later. The relief I felt when I heard that Bilbo had been found, mostly unharmed, was tremendous. He was with Thorin when he died, and I know from Gandalf what was said. Even Thorin, stubborn as he was, could not deny that Bilbo had been in the right after all, that he had acted for the best. He'd tried to save us from ourselves and in doing so, taught us... taught me, a lesson I shall never forget and will always be grateful for. They parted on good terms, and I know that eased Bilbo's mind, and allowed Thorin to pass in peace. Thorin may not have been his king, but I believe that Bilbo loved him in the same way the rest of us did, even with all his faults. And Bilbo's respect and friendship meant much to Thorin. After all, Thorin did reclaim his grandfather's throne mostly through Bilbo's bravery and cunning. But the Battle and deaths and fear and uncertainty weighed on Bilbo. I saw that clearly when I finally found him, sitting alone up on Ravenhill where he had stood during the battle. I sat down beside him in the biting evening breeze. He said nothing, continuing to stare at the mountain, lost in thought. "Thank you," I said finally. He turned to me and raised his eyebrows questioningly. "For proving my faith in you well placed," I finished, at a loss for better words. Bilbo sighed and smiled slightly. "I'm afraid you've lost me, my dear Balin," he said in a light tone of voice that belied how tired and worn he looked at that moment. I frowned and looked out toward the mountain, trying to find the words I wanted. They were not easy in coming. "Even when Thorin declared you a traitor to us, I believed in my heart that you were not. I believed... I could not believe that you would deliberately betray us." I turned back to him and smiled as best I could, though the sorrow in my heart was still great. "You've shown that faith not to be ill founded, as you have proved right our trust in you many times before on this quest. And for that I thank you." Bilbo smiled sadly, and shook his head. "You don't have to thank me. I have always done what I believed to be the best thing. My thanks, if thanks is needed, is that peace has been restored. I would have wished it to happen without the orcs, of course," he added wryly. "It was really bad manners for them to come sticking their noses into this, just when I'd put such a clever plan into action." I couldn't help but chuckle. "Bad manners indeed," I murmured. I reached out then, lying my hand over his. "But I thank you just the same," I told him seriously. Bilbo dropped his eyes, and I saw to my surprise a blush creep across his cheeks. But he turned his hand under mine and twined our fingers together before raising his eyes to mine once again. "Then you are welcome," he said quietly. I was grateful for my beard then, for I felt the surprising warmth of a blush in my own cheeks. What I may have said or done in that moment, I have often wondered since. But it was broken as Gandalf called Bilbo's name from a little ways down the hill. We both turned toward that voice as if pulled abruptly from a dream. Bilbo stood, releasing my hand as Gandalf approached. If he noticed anything odd about the two of us sitting together holding hands he said nothing. Gandalf asked Bilbo if he had meant what he said about leaving for the Shire immediately and Bilbo said that he had. I looked at him in disappointment and some surprise. It was again an unwelcome reminder that Bilbo was not one of us and that his destiny lay outside and away from my own. It made me sick at heart. "You would leave us so soon?" I asked, rising to stand next to him. Bilbo turned to me and nodded, an apology in his eyes. "Too much has happened in this place," he said sadly. "And I find myself aching for my own snug Hobbit hole again." I sighed, understanding, though I didn't want to. "You will come back to us again, will you not?" I asked, desperately hoping for some assurance that I would see him again. He smiled, a true and warm smile, despite his weariness. "I will try. But only if you will make the endeavor to return to the Shire sometime. You were there so briefly before, I was unable to show you my gardens and was barely able to cook you a meal fit to eat." I couldn't help but laugh at the humor in his eyes as he spoke. I stepped forward on impulse and embraced him in the manner of dear friends. "I promise I will try to come to the Shire as soon as I am able," I told him and he embraced me back warmly. It was no idle promise I made, for I fully intended to keep it. And so I have. Several of us traveled back into the West to collect the things that had been left behind when we had set out on the quest to reclaim the Lonely Mountain. Gandalf traveled with us but as we turned back east, our business affairs finally wrapped up, and the last of the goods and Dwarves coming with us were packed and ready to go, he said that he would be leaving us at that point. For he was traveling next into the Shire to visit Bilbo. Dori and Nori were with us and both expressed the desire to see Bilbo again, but in the end only I was able to give the goods entrusted to me into the hands of others and travel with Gandalf back into the green lands of the Shire, baring only their good wishes with me. I was suddenly impatient to see our dear Hobbit again and my step was brisk as Gandalf and I traveled. As we grew near though, a trepidation began to grow within me. Bilbo had been much in my mind in the time since we had parted and I had come to realize that there was more in my heart for him than I had at first supposed. I thought often of that evening on Ravenhill and wondered, if Gandalf had not come... They were idle thoughts of course, for what is done is done, but still they came often to my mind. And more than that, he had been heartsick when he left, eager to be away from the Lonely Mountain and all that had happened there. Would he really be as glad to see me again as I would be to see him? I found myself lost in thought many times, searching my memories for clues as to what may be in Bilbo's heart. For, it was difficult to know. I found that in spite of the time we had traveled together, I knew so terribly little of Hobbits and their customs that I was unable to guess if Bilbo's behavior toward me was that simply of a friend or if there may indeed have been something more. I thought often of asking Gandalf, for he knew much more of Hobbits and their ways than I, but I always stopped myself on the brink of some question that would reveal my inner turmoil. It was