October10, 3019. On the road near the Last Bridge At last the hobbits were heading toward home. The Ring was destroyed, the War was over and they were eager to see their Shire again. They rode at leisure along the Great Road, which was as empty as ever, so they were grateful for the Wizard's company. There would be frost at night, but the weather was still fine and the autumn sun played merrily on the red and yellow leaves. A week out of Rivendell, they reached the Last Bridge. The sun was already low over the road in front of them, so they found a nice spot for a camp on the steep eastern bank of the Mitheithel. Sam lit a fire and produced from his saddlebags a large collection of frying pans, bowls and kettles as well as lard, dried meat, honey, dried herbs and assorted vegetables. Fresh from the Last Homely House, the travelers had provisions aplenty. Sam put a kettle of water over the fire to boil and started cooking a nice supper, fit for four hungry hobbits and one wizard. "Let us go look upon the Bridge, while Sam makes our supper!" proposed Pippin eagerly. Frodo shook his head, declining the offer. As ever, with the approaching nightfall, Frodo's mood darkened. The horrors of their flight to Rivendell were still fresh in his mind and he had desired to see again neither the Ford, nor the Last Bridge, nor Weathertop, when they reached it. He sat huddled in a blanket, a book bound in red leather on his lap. The text was written in Bilbo's spidery hand, and labeled on the back were the words: "Translations from the Elvish, by B.B. " Gandalf, followed by Pippin and Merry, ventured on to the Last Bridge. After the day's ride they were glad for the chance to stretch their limbs. Soon they stood in the middle of the sunlit expanse of the bridge that spanned the river in three graceful arches. The Sun played on the ancient blocks of white stone covered with moss and lichen. The place now looked peaceful and almost serene, despite the roar of the water below. "Do you remember this place, Pip?" asked Merry. "It was right here where we found Glorfindel's green stone and knew it was safe to pass over the bridge." "Of course, I do, Merry. I think it was a great idea to leave it for us as a token. Don't you think so, Gandalf?" The wizard shrugged his shoulders. The hobbits noticed he had hardly listened to their conversation at all. Frowning, he was looking absently at the swift foamy water rushing through the stone arches down below. "Is something wrong, Gandalf?" asked Pippin worriedly. The wizard sighed and muttered sadly. "Swift are the waters of Mitheithel beneath the Iant Methed..." He lifted his head and his gaze wandered northward, to the broken crags crowned with the ruins of ancient watch towers. "I was remembering a tale about a fair maiden who, driven by despair, fell to her death from this bridge. This was then a part of the ancient Kingdom of Rhudaur and the Shadow lay heavily over this land." The keen eyes of the hobbits burned with interest. "Will you tell us the tale, Gandalf, please?" asked Merry. The wizard shook his head and turned to start slowly back toward the camp, with the hobbits following suit. "Not now. Frodo has been ill at ease since we passed the Ford of Bruinen on the Sixth of October. This is a sad and violent tale, not fit for his ears so soon after all he had to suffer. I am loath to shatter what little peace he has been able to regain." "Then perhaps later, Gandalf? asked Pippin hopefully. "After supper, when Frodo falls asleep? I am sure Sam will be happy to hear the tale, he is one for such things, especially if it concerns Elves." "I am afraid it is not about Elves, Pippin. It is about Men who lived here. Some were Dunedain, Aragorn's people, others were from the native tribes of this land - the Hillmen." "And the maiden who perished here?" whispered Merry. "Was she kin to our King?" "In a way," replied Gandalf. "She was a descendant of Isildur as well, but from another line. By some accounts, she was once betrothed to one of Aragorn's ancestors, Arveleg I, the one who would later die at Amon Sûl." "At Weathertop?" squeaked Pippin. "How exciting!" Gandalf shook his head sadly, for he had hardly found the death of young King Arveleg exciting – all those years ago. As they approached the camp he made a sign for silence. Supper was waiting for them and Frodo seemed cheerful once more. As they ate they merrily discussed the events they had shared together back in Gondor and Rivendell. Before they were finished, night began to fall, quiet and starry. Soon Frodo lay asleep near the fire. After washing the dishes, Sam prepared to slip into his bedroll at his master's feet, but Merry stopped him, nodding at Gandalf conspiratorially. Surrounded by three wide-eyed hobbits, Gandalf started his tale. "This is an old story, old as Men reckon time. And the Shire reckoning had not even started then... As you know, after the Downfall of Numenor, when his sons established Gondor, Elendil the Tall founded the Northern Kingdom of Arnor. He made his home at Annuminas on the shores of Lake Evendim, not far from the Elvish country of Lindon – and just about a hundred miles north of your own homes in the Shire. The descendants of Isildur and their people dwelt there for many lives of Men, but their numbers were slowly diminishing, the memory and learning of Numenor waning..." Gandalf sighed and reached into his bag to produce a familiar wooden pipe with long stem and curiously carved ivory bowl. He took his time filling it with sweet galenas as if musing on what to say next. The hobbits took out their own pipes: beautiful works of Elven craft, with pearl mouth-pieces and bound with fine-wrought silver - presents from Bilbo. Soon the pipes were lit and the sweet smell of Southfarthing leaf and galenas filled the still night air. For a time they all smoked in silence. Then Gandalf continued. "And so it came to pass that after Eärendur the tenth King of Arnor died, the kingdom was divided among his three sons. The two younger ones were too ambitious to be content with the role of Royal princes. They wanted lands of their own to rule. The oldest son, Amlaith, was too weak, some would say, but I think he only wanted to avoid kin-strife and bloodshed. So, fair Annuminas was abandoned, and Amlaith became the first King of Arthedain at Fornost, the Northbury of the Kings. Now it is also desolate..." Gandalf paused a moment to puff upon the pipe. "The second son took the Southern part of Arnor, calling it Cardolan, and settled in Tyrn Gorthad - you know it as the Barrow-Downs." The Hobbits shivered as one. The memory of the Barrow-wights was not something one recalls lightly. "The youngest son of Eärendur, Dauremir, was the most conniving of the lot – and took as advisors some who practiced the Black Arts. He became King of Rhudaur, the land between the Mitheithel and the Misty Mountains and also the west bank of the Mitheithel north of the Great Road - as far as Amon Sûl. Dauremir first settled at Brochenridge – just a little way from here." Gandalf gestured with the pipe towards the darkness to the north. "Perhaps you have seen the remnants of the place. I think Aragorn led you close by, on your journey to Rivendell." Merry nodded thoughtfully. "I believe we saw the crumbled stone walls when we crossed a gap in a high ridge", he mused. "I am not very sure, as it was raining and Frodo... " he gulped and continued "Frodo was too ill for us to look around much." "Yes, it must have been Brochenridge, or what remains of it. It was a mighty fortress, but soon proved unsuitable for Dauremir's heirs to effectively rule from there. So, after a few generations, the Kings of Rhudaur moved to a fortress on the River - Cameth Brin." Gandalf turned from the fire and his sharp gaze seemed to pierce the darkness to the north. "Can he actually see it?" thought Pippin in awe. He was not sure of the answer. The old wizard had strange abilities. "Cameth Brin, the jewel of Rhudaur..." continued Gandalf almost in a whisper. "The fair city of three waterfalls...I remember it well: the high tower perched on a rock, busy streets and markets, the glory of rainbows over the waterfalls... Everything is gone now, destroyed by enemies, fire and time..." "You remember?" Pippin chimed in. "Wasn't it very long ago? Were you already here?" "I had roamed Middle Earth for more than three hundred years already, when our story took place," replied Gandalf. "I arrived too late to see the division of Arnor, but I have been in Rhudaur ere the Shadow claimed it, and even ventured there a few times since - gathering information, or spying - to put it plainly. There are few places in the North that I haven't seen, Pippin." "Cameth Brin was a mighty fortress, not too big, but virtually impregnable. There, a few days journey north up the river from this bridge, there is a high rocky plateau on the eastern bank. The tower, surrounded by two circles of walls, was built on this rock - the city of Cameth Brin. There most of the Dunedain nobles dwelt. The place could be reached from below only by a single winding road - the King's Road, they called it. There was another town below the hill - Tanoth Brin, the place for commoners, soldiers and peasants. The lower town was defended only by an earthen wall, so if a strong enemy approached, all the people from the lower town abandoned their houses and gathered at the fortress to withstand a siege." Gandalf paused a moment to puff upon the pipe. "You can't imagine what a dangerous, tumultuous time it was. Vagabonds and outlaws, mercenaries and deserters roamed the land. The Hillmen of Rhudaur were a warlike people, much like the Dunlendings, their kin. They were never content with the rule of the Dunedain. The Kings of the line of Dauremir dwelt in Cameth Brin as if in a besieged fortress, never safe, never secure, ever awaiting a rebellion. The lords of the land warred often among themselves and at times a king would be overthrown by one usurper or other, who would only fall in his turn. And, as if the inner strife was not enough, the three kingdoms, Arthedain, Cardolan and Rhudaur, ever fought between themselves..." "Begging your pardon, Mr. Gandalf, Sir," started Sam hesitantly, "why would they do such a thing? I mean, they were all kin, Elendil's heirs and all that, why would they fight each other? 'Tis plain unnatural, if you ask me..." "It was mostly because of the Palantiri, Sam," Gandalf replied sadly. "The Palantiri?!" cried Pippin. The memories of Dol Baran and Rath Dinen flooded back to him in a rush. "The evil stones like Saruman and Denethor had?" "I told you once, Peregrin Took, the Palantiri are NOT evil," Gandalf replied somewhat irritably. "The seeing Stones of Elendil helped the Kings to rule their kingdoms, to send orders, to strengthen alliances, to watch the borders. They were quite handy devices, never used for evil purposes, before Sauron stole one of them." Pippin shrugged his shoulders, once the wizard's piercing gaze left him. He was not convinced. One could hardly be, after seeing the fiery stone in the hands of the fey Steward of Gondor. Not to mention his own encounter with the