The Hook-Up Queen I remembered being a little girl and hearing my dad tell me all about love. My mom passed away way before I could ever hear about sex and how you'll get your heartbroken a million times until you find "the one." The only thing my dad ever told me was how worthless it was and you didn't need to have your heart torn in half. He was so in love with my mom, even if he never said it. You only hate love if you've lost it and he lost my mom because of me. That's why he hates me in a way, I mean he loves me obviously, he was my dad. Charlie tells me it everyday and makes sure I know I wasn't the reason my mom died. Yet at the same time i knew it was one of those feelings you can't help but feel. The ones you feel bad for feeling and wish you didn't. I didn't blame him for feeling it though, sometimes I hated myself for coming along too. If my mom hadn't had me then it wouldn't have happened. Maybe they could've gotten pregnant earlier or later with a different kid, changing everything. If that were true I wouldn't be alive but she would. My dad would be a lot happier with a son and his wife. He wanted someone to throw around the baseball with, talks sports, and have the love of his life bake cookies before he comes home from work. Instead he was stuck with an unathletic, brainiac, clumsy daughter who cooked dinner every night and failed to be popular in any way. Here I was, graduating from college as a journalism major. I had a high school diploma, a college degree and yet to have a boyfriend. It wasn't because I was ugly, I knew that the least. I had gone on dates, but they were always the first and last. After having dinner, going to the beach, seeing a movie or even going to a concert they'd head back to wherever and well..you know the rest. My number was at thirteen and not one had managed to remain in my life for more than one night. Thanks to the thoughts my father had put in my mind about the idea of love I didn't plan on stopping my rather promiscuous lifestyle. Everyone at my school knew it was true, my friend Rosalie Hale often liked to call me the Queen of Hookups. She however had remained with the same guy, Emmett Cullen for five years. Since we were best friends she was always bugging me to go out on actual dates and start trying out relationships. And as much as I wanted a happy committed relationship I couldn't count on it working out. Holding my degree in my hand I tapped my foot. I just kept staring at it as if the name on it were to change and I'd find myself back in my high school english class. That obviously didn't happen. At least in high school I felt some sort of direction for my life. Now with thousands of dollars in debt and moving back home for the summer I had no idea what this degree could really do for myself. Most of my classmates had internships or jobs lined up for the summer or a few months after graduation. I'd gotten a few job offers scattered across the country, mostly in New York and Chicago. But I liked Washington it had always been home for me. I had traveled plenty enough to know this was somewhere I wanted to stay for the rest of my life. Realizing staring wouldn't do much for me I put my diploma into the final box. I'd decided it was finally time to get my own apartment when I came back to Seattle in the fall. Since my sophomore year I'd been living with two other girls, Tanya and her sister Irina. They were nice enough but we weren't exactly best friends. For the most part they were always out doing something, giving me my space to do whatever I wanted. But being a college and having roommates seemed too immature for my life at this point. So I had found a small apartment in the middle of the city cheap enough for me to pay for with my summer job. It wasn't anything to do with writing. I worked at Newton's Sporting Goods. He had been a good friend during high school and ended up marrying Jessica Stanley. I think they had a kid now and she hated it according to my friend Angela. That was another reason I didn't want to commit to a relationship. Most people ended up divorced, unhappy and bored. I enjoyed my life, going out whenever I wanted and being with whoever I wanted. Unlike others my age I wasn't picking out a wedding dress or a crib for my nursery. Even if you're happy for just one second with someone doesn't mean it'll last the rest of your life. Walking out into the living room of the apartment I'd spent the past three years in I felt nostalgic. There had been plenty of parties, nights Rose and I sat in bed watching netflix with Japanese food, the various boys I'd brought back. Even the good times with the Denali sisters. It'd been home for four years now, it was hard leaving it behind. "Do you have everything Bella?" Tanya asked tossing a towel into the bathroom after her shower. I nodded with my hands full. "Yeah, this is the last box." Setting it down I went to give her a hug."Thank you so much for everything, tell Irina I said I'll miss her." Irina was working, she was currently a nursing student just a few years younger than us. She was much more organized and worked harder than both Tanya and I. Squeezing me she laughed "Of course. When you're back in the city give us a call and we'll go to Eclipse and get some drinks." "See ya around Tanya." With the final goodbye done and over with, I hopped into my Toyota Corolla and began the drive to Forks. It was a little less than four hours, but if you knew the route as well as I did it could be reduced to around three hours. I knew my dad would be awaiting my arrival, pacing back and forth on the yellow linoleum floors in our kitchen. That was the kind of thing that let me know he loved me. It hadn't been too long since I saw him last, just a week ago he had come up to watch my graduation. After having dinner together he left so I could have some fun. And by fun that meant Rose and I getting trashed at the bar with Emmett tagging along. After that I had brought some guy named Jason home, he was cool enough other than the fact that when I woke up he was still there. He expected breakfast and to go out with me later. Had to let the kid down pretty hard. Spacing out the drive seemed a lot quicker than three hours. I had arrived home at two-thirty in the afternoon. Rose had already arrived at the Cullen's house, her boyfriend's parents had invited the two to come stay with them until they found an apartment in town they liked. He was planning on proposing, Emmett had included me on the whole thing. I even got to help pick out her ring. Emmett was an EMT working in the medical field just like his father, Dr. Cullen was an amazing surgeon. He worked all over the country dragging Emmett and his siblings across the country during their childhood. According to my dad the town was "blessed" to have him working in Forks when he could be making more money anywhere else. But Emmett had told us his family was extremely down to earth and his parents loved the small town was the town they'd stayed in the longest. Rosalie was planning on opening up her own daycare in town not only were Emm's parents rich but Rose's father was some big banker back in New York. The two didn't get along after he tried to force her into a marriage with some jerk named Royce. She ran away the day of their wedding and came to Seattle where she got accepted into college. Her dad eventually gave in and the two were talking again. Between the two families the daycare wouldn't have any financial problems. I had some money from my mother passing away. But I couldn't touch any of it until I turned twenty-five. It was a helpful amount that would be going towards my college payments. Other than my mother's money my dad and I were okay on financial things. He was a small town police chief so he made enough to feed and put clothes on my back growing up. But as soon as I could I got a job to help him pay the bills. He of course never knew I slipped money into his wallet or bank account growing up. To him he figured it was his mind getting the best of him. My tires hit the old muddy driveway I'd grown up in. Through the window I could see my father pacing back and forth just as I predicted. Hearing my car he walked towards the front door. "Bells!" He exclaimed scooping me into a big hug as he got to my car. Burying my face into his shoulder I was glad to be home for the summer. "Dad, it's good to see you." Pulling back I placed a kiss on his cheek. He got all embarrassed, cheeks turning red. "Gonna be nice having you around kid. Why don't you go get something to eat and I can grab your stuff." "Dad, I don't want you hurting yourself. I'm gonna help." As I reached for a box he slapped my hand away. "You'll do no such thing, this is my house and you're the guest. Plus you've been driving for way too long." Chuckling I rolled my dark brown eyes. "Okay dad, whatever makes you happy." The house I grew up in remained completely unchanged. The only differences I could see were more pictures hanging up on the wall or on the fireplace. For an old single guy he kept the place pretty clean, but then again he didn't really ever make a huge mess. Most of the time dinner was take out from somewhere around town, more often than not it was the diner. Together we went there every Wednesday, sometimes even twice a week. Charlie was a pretty simple man who just wanted a good steak and a beer in his hand. I walked up to my bedroom, another room that remained unchanged. Over the years the only thing constantly changing was my bed. Plopping right down I stared up at the ceiling wondering what my summer would hold. Before I knew it I had dozed off into a deep sleep. After waking up three hours later Charlie and I enjoyed a quiet dinner with each other. He asked me a few questions about graduation, my friends, and work. Other than that we didn't talk much. It had always been like that, a comfortable silence. The two of us were similar in that way, sometimes awkward but then again easy to get along with. My mom Renee however was the complete opposite. Dad told me she was loud and crazy, made them do random things in random cities before I was born. The two got married in Vegas, not because it was a spur of the moment kind of thing. They did it because mom thought it would be fun and make for a cool story. Hearing all the stories about her just made me