A Different Kind of Demigod Did I not say this would be out by Halloween? Did I not so say so? Ladies and Gentlemen… Son of Jashin ! This version of Percy is going to be off his rocker even more than the Wide Smile. After weeks of brainstorming powers and limitations, backstory and plot, character interactions and just how AU this world is going to be, I got the ball rolling! What are these powers, you ask? These limits, this backstory, this Alternate Universe? Well my friends, read and find out. Some heads up before you dive into this madness: Percy is not sane. Sally was not sane. Jashin is not a nice guy. The Shinto gods are not nice deities. There will be blood, lots and lots of blood, and language. There will be body horror, and self-mutilation. There will be a very tragic and disturbing upbringing. Percy will know jutsu, and have and affinity for Fire Style. There will be Shinto demigod OC's, but they will appear later on. There will be elements of Naruto, but not enough, I feel, for it to be labeled a crossover. OhandPoseidonneverbroketheoathandthediAngeloswereborninmoderntimes. Disclaimer: Naruto and all related terms and products are property of Masashi Kishimoto, while Percy Jackson and all of its terms and products are property of Rick Riordan. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Maine December 15, 2007 Bianca di Angelo, and her two friends, Annabeth Chase and Thalia Grace, were driving up to a place called Westover Hall, because everyone's mutual friend, Grover Underwood, and sent out a distress call saying that he had found something, but was too scared to say what it was. As such, Chiron the Centaur was sending in his best and brightest to check out what was going on in the North. The girls were all silent, even Maria di Angelo, Bianca's mother, was not saying anything. Everyone was lost in their thoughts. Maria on what was about to happen to her 14-year-old daughter, and what her 12-year-old son Nico was doing at home by himself in Manhattan. Thalia was reminiscing on what life has been like since the Golden Fleece had brought her back to life from the tree. While relieved to see Annabeth alive and well, saddened by Luke's betrayal (and pissed off), she still didn't know what to make of newest cousins, Bianca and Nico di Angelo. Sure they were nice kids, and really sweet people, but they were children of Hades . Their dad almost killed her (Thalia), and, while it was stupid, even she would admit it, but the daughter of Zeus just couldn't find it in herself to be friends with her cousins. But they were good acquaintances. Annabeth was busy brainstorming each and every possibility she could think of what had Grover so spooked. She thought of everything from the logical to the illogical. A new recipe for ambrosia? Maybe. Another child of the Big Three, perhaps Poseidon? Possibly. A female satyr that was really attracted to Grover? Unlikely. A completely new child altogether, born of either a Titan, Primordial, some other minor god, or a virgin goddess? The odds were slim, but it was a possibility. There was always a possibility. Bianca was having similar thoughts to all three. Like her mother, she was worried about Nico being home alone. Like Thalia, she just couldn't figure out a way to be friends with her cousin (and she couldn't really find the motivation, either), but she was fine with being acquaintances. Finally, like Annabeth, albeit on a much smaller scale, she was thinking over what had Grover so freaked out. Ah, Grover…her and Nico's protector back when they attended Yancy Academy in New York, two years ago. Life was so much simpler then. Bounce around private schools together until one thing or another got them kicked out, deal with stupid teachers, the occasional monster, wonder who their dad was and why he was never around. Then Luke Castellan had decided to steal the Master Bolt and the Helm of Darkness. The lives of the di Angelos changed forever. As it turned out, their father was the Greek God Hades, Lord of the Underworld. Their esteemed daddy sent his Fury, Alecto, to retrieve them before they could be killed, only a misunderstanding had occurred that resulted in Bianca killing her math teacher with a pen-sword-thingy that was terribly balanced. Then the brother and sister were whisked off by Grover, who revealed himself to be a satyr of all things, to a place called Camp Half-Blood…where another emissary of their father's, the Minotaur, came to try and retrieve the children of Hades, only for the same misunderstanding to occur. Long story short, Bianca and Nico walked away with a pair of giant bull horns, while their mom was apparently killed. Life at camp was pretty boring, aside from that bathroom incident and the shadows. Until the capture the flag game, where Hades tried once more to bring his children to his side via Hellhound. Same misunderstanding, same result. Although the di Angelos did get claimed that night, which was awkward as hell and raised many red flags. A quest ensued, involving Bianca and Nico (because there was no-way she was leaving her brother behind in the lion's den), Grover, and a daughter of Athena, Annabeth. It was an eventful thing, with monsters, gods, and hopeless situations involving national notoriety, monsters, and almost falling into Tartarus. The children of Hades did meet their father, though, and discovered that their mother had only been captured, not killed, and was spending some quality time with her lover. They also discovered that they were loved unconditionally, and that Ares was a traitor. That was one intense beach-battle. Then, a year later, someone poisoned Thalia's tree, and another quest to save the camp, and the world by extension, ensued, this one involving the Sea of Monsters. Turns out that Poseidon was pretty chill as an uncle, and even gave the quest some helpful advice, despite Nico and Bianca being there. Perhaps the most interesting thing about that quest wasn't the actual Sea, or Polyphemus, or Luke's ship, or Clarisse's zombie ship. It was Circe's Island. Sweet place really; good service, nice people, beautiful scenery, the only problem was the almost-forced-to-stay part. It took some convincing, like a display of writhing shadows and crawling skeletons, but they managed to get out of the place without killing anybody or destroying anything. Not bad, given the Greek demigod history track record of mass killing. "We're here," Maria said. They pulled up in front of a castle right out of the fantasy books. Looked rather intimidating, actually. Bianca had a passing thought that Grover had gotten spoked by a ghost, but since she couldn't sense any lingering spirits (daughter of Hades thing), she quickly dashed that theory. Something was up here, though, that was for sure. The girls filed out of the car, leaving the comfortable heat for the freezing cold. "Thanks, Mom," Bianca said with a smile. The di Angelo matriarch smiled back, but she was still a mother. "Are you sure you want me to wait here?" "Yes, Mom. We don't know how long we'll be here." "Okay…but be careful. Look out for strangers, and stay close to your friends. And make sure to put on clean underwear if you have to stay the night." Bianca's cheeks burned despite the cold, while Thalia and Annabeth giggled behind their hands. "Y-Yes, Mom. Bye, now." She shut the door before her mother could start relaying the 'if-you-have-an-accident' speech, that hadn't had to be applied in ten years yet was always covered, for whatever reason. The car drove off into the cold night, and Bianca was already missing her mother. "You have a nice mom," Thalia said randomly. "Uh, thanks." There was an awkward pause. "Let's get inside; it's cold out here." XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Ten seconds after entering through the giant wooden doors, the girls were greeted by two people, man and woman, dressed in black military uniforms complete with red trimming. The woman had a faint mustache, while the man was clean-shaven, which seemed odd. The man also had heterochromia, with one brown eye, one blue eye. Bianca could immediately tell this guy was a monster. Call it a child of Hades thing, but she could sense the death surrounding this man. "And who are you three?" the woman asked haughtily. Thalia stepped forward, snapping her fingers, which caused a gust of wind to spread over the entrance foyer, disturbing the hanging tapestries. "We go here, remember? We're Thalia, Annabeth, and Bianca, eight grade students." The woman's eyes were glazed over, while the man kept a stony expression. "Ah…I-I see. Yes. Thalia, Annabeth, and Bianca. Why are you three not in the gymnasium, at the dance?" Just then, Grover came running down the hall, panting and out of breath. "You all made it, great!" The man looked at the satyr with an irritated look. "And just what is that supposed to mean, Mr. Underwood? These young ladies attend school here." "Of course they do, sir," Grover said smoothly. "I was talking about the punch. It's an excellent batch tonight, guaranteed to hit the spot." Huh, the girls didn't remember the clumsy satyr as being such a silver-tongue. Just what had happened here? "Yes, what excellent punch," the woman said dreamily, eyeing the girls with disturbing approval. "Now run along all of you. Do not leave the gymnasium again, understand? And if any of you insist on engaging in explicit activities, make sure your partner is using protection." Grover took this in stride, Bianca, Thalia and Annabeth were all red-faced and spluttering. The satyr lead his friends down the hall, all them still shocked that someone would say that to them. They came to a stop outside a big set of modern doors, with a large sign that said GYM across the top on the wall. Grover breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank the gods you made it." Thalia, after finally regaining her bearings, asked, "'Engage in explicit activities,' 'partner using protection'? What the Hades!?" "Hey!" "Sorry, Death Breath, but still. What was that about?" "Thalia...this is the twenty-first century," Grover said that as if it explained everything. The girls still looked lost. Demigods didn't exactly have access to premium social media, or the news at all for that matter, so they were lacking just a bit when it came to current events regarding the youth of America. "Teens today have a tendency to, uh... fornicate more frequently." The girls all blushed in a synchronized crimson. Annabeth coughed into her fist, recovering first. "So you said you found something?" Grover nodded. "Yeah. A half-blood, but he's...strange." The girls looked at him. "Strange how?" Bianca asked. "Strange as in he smells like he regularly takes a bath in blood, can't say one sentence without throwing in one cuss word or another, and he has a relationship with a scalpel like Two-Face has a relationship with a coin." "A scalpel?" Annabeth asked slowly. "Just who is this kid?" "Well, his name is Percy Jackson, and his aura's more powerful than Thalia and Bianca combined." XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX San Francisco April 2, 2005 A young boy, maybe ten or so, was walking down the crowded streets, weaving his way through the people. This boy had messy black hair, and highly unusual purple eyes. He was wearing blue jeans, black sneakers, a white t-shirt, and a black, fur-lined, sleeveless denim vest that fell down to his mid-thigh. He was also covered in blood. Huge amounts of blood. It looked like he took a shower in his clothes, but the shower sprayed blood instead of water. His arms were also covered in tiny little scars, but you couldn't see that due to the blood staining him. He was also absentmindedly twirling his beloved scalpel around his fingers in a manner that would've had girls orgasming for days…not like this child actually knew what an orgasm was, aside from a man grunting