Author's note: This fic contains spoilers for the first book, but that's it. If you haven't read the the second and third book yet, you're safe to read this. This is a Gale/Katniss fic with some one-sided Katniss/Peeta. The first few chapters take place before the first book. It won't be about the Hunger Games, obviously. Though I have a copy of each, I don't own the rights The Hunger Games trilogy. But you already knew that. Seasons of Wither, Chapter 1 As I trek towards the sometimes-electric fence that borders District 12 this morning, heaving my game bag up onto my shoulder as I take a quick sip from my canteen, I glance towards the rising sun and estimate by it's position in the sky that it is around 7 o'clock. There's a thick haze of fog that hangs heavy in the air from last night's rain, but I know that the rising sun will most likely rid the land of it, quickly making things visible again. I duck through the usual opening in the fence after a quick pause to listen for the slight hum of electricity, but finding none. I retreat to the hollow log where my bow is always stashed, noticing that Gale has already taken his and is waiting for me in our usual meeting spot. He's sitting against the trunk of a large oak tree and sipping warm tea from a mug when I find him, and he smiles in my direction. "I checked the snares already," he informs me, holding up his kill for the morning—three rabbits and one possum, all plump and round. I smile in satisfaction. Spring has come early this year, and our usual haul has definitely increased. We're often finishing our hunting trips early and retreating to the Hob with a good amount to be traded. It's a happy time of year for our families. They are all well fed, and whatever we manage to trade has helped us even pick up a few rare delicacies we usually don't have the pleasure of partaking in. "And the day is still young," he says with a grin. We travel deeper into the woods where we had set up a hunting blind earlier that month in a place where deer often frequent during mating season. There isn't as much sport in hunting them this time of year, and young bucks and does often pass by our camouflaged disguise near a slow-moving brook deep in the woods to get a drink of water. If I can pick one off today, we'll be more than set for the rest of the week. We sit silent in the blind for a couple of hours waiting for the sound of the hoofed animals walking delicately through the forest. Gale nods towards me, and I hand him my canteen. He smiles in thanks as he takes a long drink of the crisp, cool water. Even though we can't really speak in the blind, this is one of my favorite places. I appreciate the way that Gale merely glances at me, and I can understand exactly what he wants. It comes from years of hunting together. Not much time has passed when the sound of twigs crunching alerts me, and I quickly draw back an arrow into my bow, readying myself for the impending kill. When a twelve-point buck walks into our view, I steady myself for an accurate shot in it's chest. Taking a deep breath, I finally release the arrow, and the buck scampers off into the woods, the projectile still hanging from the animal as it flees in shock and pain. Pleased, Gale pats my back and we both exit the blind to follow it's blood trail further into the forest. "Nice shot, Catnip. A week's worth of kills all before lunchtime. Not bad." I grin to myself as the blood trail ends and we find the deer's lifeless body on the forest floor. Gale sinks down to his knees, holding his hand out for a knife which I pull out of it's place tucked behind my belt before handing it to him handle first. A short while later, the deer is gutted and we begin to drag it along with us. "What to do with the rest of our time?" I ask with a sigh. If I remembered correctly, my mother had a patient with a festering accidental stab would this morning, draining a steady stream of pus from his infected limb. I turn green at that very thought and the idea of returning home right now was not a desirable one. Gale heaves the deer, dragging it haphazardly behind him. "It's cool enough that it'll keep for awhile," he assures me, motioning to the deer. "An early lunch at our usual place before we drag this to the butcher's?" I nod in agreement as we walk along. Our usual bush of berries isn't ripe this early in the year, but I had a small stash of fruit I had dried last fall, so we sit down as we snack on our sweet treat along with a few pieces of roasted rabbit my mother had been cooking that morning. "I'm glad your mother knows to cook," Gale comments, causing me to smile. We both know that I definitely lack in my culinary skills, as I'm not the best future homemaker in District 12. "I feel sorry for the poor guy who ends up having to eat your cooking every day. Maybe you'll be lucky enough to snag yourself a husband who's more handy in the kitchen?" I laugh a bit at that idea. "We both know that's not going to happen, Gale." He shrugs. "I don't know. There's a lot of soft men out there. What about the baker's son? Every time we knock on the back door of the bakery, he's always pulling pies and cakes out of the oven." I shake my head in disagreement. "That's not what I mean. What I meant is that we both know that I will never marry." Gale, who's sitting back on his elbows now, looks towards me with curiously. "Come on, Catnip. There's plenty of young men who'd have you." I feel my cheeks heat at his comment, shaking it off. "I'm never going to marry. Never going to have children. Not here. Not ever." Gale's expression softens at my declaration, and I mentally chastise myself for saying it. These are the types of conversations that usually set him off on a verbal rampage about the Capitol. Though I usually join in, he tends to get pretty worked up over them and often we both go home angry. "You'd never want even a casual relationship?" he asks, surprised. "You'll be lonely in the world once you're grown and your little sister doesn't need you to look over her anymore." I feel my heart sink a bit at his comment. Prim has matured a lot since our father has died. At the tender age of 12, she's already much more self-reliant than most girls even my age. I imagine what life will be like when we're both grown. Even though I'm completely opposed to starting a family, Prim will surely find someone to love. Her heart is so much bigger than my own, after all. I swallow hard this realization, and I can still feel Gale's steady gaze on me. Suddenly, he clears his throat. "What about the intimate aspect of the relationship? Never gonna let yourself experience that either?" he asks matter-of-factly, dropping his hunting knife so that it sticks into the soft ground below him. He words his question so nicely, but I know what he's trying to ask me: Am I going to remain a virgin for the rest of my life? It's no secret that I have no experience with boys. I've never kissed anyone, let alone slept with somebody. It's not a topic that we've ever discussed, but Gale knows me well enough to realize it. My eyes quickly meet his, and I find that they're burning with intensity. I can feel my entire body blush at his question, and I quickly grasp my bag and begin to stand. However, his hand reaches out to stop me before I do, and his eyes are filled with sorrow. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't..." he begins, and I sink back down beside him. I can tell by the look in his eyes that he regrets asking, but it did seem like an innocent question coming from a guy like Gale. This isn't something he would ever tease me about. He would never judge or make me feel awkward for my decision, but still he looks so curious. "I don't care about..." I trail off a bit nervously. "I don't want kids." He lets out a small laugh. "I'm not talking about making babies, Catnip. I'm talking about the entertainment value." I raise my eyebrows. "Gale, have you ever...?" I begin, and his reply is to sit back and sigh before taking another sip from my canteen. I know that I shouldn't have asked in the first place, but I still wait patiently for him to answer my question. "Yes," he finally admits, and my eyes widen. I don't know why I expected Gale to be a virgin. I never have seen him with a girl, though he does have a life outside of me, I suppose. But to be honest, it's a naïve thing for me to think. Gale is older, tall, muscular, and handsome, and the girls at school all recognize this, too. I realize the next words that come out of my mouth are the wrong ones. "Do you? With lots of girls?" The question doesn't seem to bother him though. "No, Katniss." I frown as I look down over the treeline below us. And I can't help but to wonder how often? And when? Or, more importantly, with who? "It's not a bad thing. It's fun, actually," he finally says when we both realize there was not turning back from this conversation. It's already started so we might as well go forward with it. "Well, I don't feel like I'm missing out on much," I say. "You have no idea," he says with a laugh. "You're denying yourself a basic human need, and for the rest of your life." "I bet it's not as amazing as people let on," I mumble. "It's for a man's enjoyment while keeping women at their beck and call as they push out babies left and right." Gale merely laughs at my comment as he shakes his head. "You're never going to need a man in your life, Katniss, but please don't knock it until you try it." He stands up, brushing the dirt off of his pants and I quickly follow in suit. "You'll always be innocent. You can barely stand the thought of a naked man, let alone deal with the sight of one." "What's that supposed to mean?" I ask him, beginning to grow angry. "That day down by the brook. When I soaked my clothes checking the fish trap we'd built? I hung them up in a tree to dry and you were as red as a tomato." "You were in your underwear!" He smiles out my outburst. "Don't take it personally. I think it's precious how bashful you are about sex at your age." There, he'd said it. The very word we both had been trying so hard to avoid saying. "And look at you," he says, tapping my nose lightly with his fingertip. "I didn't know it was possible for someone to blush this much. Just the very discussion of you being intimate with someone-" I gape, pushing him roughly, but he only laughs harder as he stumbles backwards. "I am not innocent!" I quickly defend myself. "I escape into the forbidden woods—daily almost—to break the law by poaching! If anyone who cared ever found out, I would be