Hello all and welcome to my two shot. I hope that you enjoy and that it makes you laugh as much as it did me and I wrote it lol. Disclaimer. I do not own twilight or its respective characters they are the property of Stephanie Meyer however I do own this plot line and ask that it not be copied without my permission. ENJOY "Oh you have to be kidding me Alice Cullen!" "Oh come on Bella, please it'll be fun and you know it. Rose, Emmett and Jazz will be there." "And what about Edward, will he be going or is it a little bit too frivolous for the resident geek?" Alice laughed at my sarcasm towards her brother, I was fully aware that I shouldn't talk about him like that but the guy really did get on my tits! He was a year older than Alice and I, which made him twenty-one and the bloke was just so damn weird and creepy. He sulked around the Cullen house like the fucking grim reaper, with his tall frame shrouded in black and his long unruly bronze colored hair hiding most of his face. Glasses that were as thick as jam jar bottoms hid his eyes. "Nah I don't think that he'll be there. He'll be too busy with Tyler nerding it upstairs to be interested in what's happening down here. I'll have to tell him that I'm having it though or he'll just complain to mom and dad and they warned me last time about it. Anyway can you really imagine Edward at a masquerade ball?" I laughed aloud as I tried to conjure the image in my head. I could just see him stood in the corner watching everyone with an intensity that could really freak you out if you took it too seriously. "A masquerade ball though Ali, what the hell is the appeal of it?" "Why the hell not? We've had Halloween parties, we've had slumber parties and we've had prom. We only graduate once and I wanted to do something different this year compared to what Edward and Emmett had, that and I watched The Phantom of the Opera the other week and I decided that I wanted to have an excuse to dress up in one of those big poncy dresses." "Oh man, this means that I have to wear a dress." "Oh yes and heels and a masque." "For fucks sake Alice! Are you trying to make sure that I break my leg? Making me wear a dress is bad enough but coupled with heels and a masque and I'm a guaranteed walking, talking accident." Alice giggled loudly. "No you're not Bella, I'm not asking you to wear stilts I just want to make you look stunning. Hey this may be the perfect chance for you to get James to finally take notice of you." "Yeah but knowing my luck James won't look twice at me and I'll end up with Mike Fucking Newton following me around like a flaming lap dog!" "No you won't Bella. I'll have you looking so stunning that you will be surrounded by so many people that he won't be able to get within ten feet of you I promise." "You better make sure you little elf." I laughingly said as I pulled on a strand of her spiky black hair. "Who do you think you are calling a pissing elf? Do I look as though I have small pointy ears and little sharp teeth?" "Not yet but you will do if that fucker comes anywhere near me!" "Come on let's go and get Rose away from Emmett. I want to go shopping." I groaned, I hated shopping with a passion but being dragged along with Rose and Alice to shop for a ball gown was the worse than any kind of torture. We made our way upstairs and the further up we got the louder and louder our conversation got. By the time we had reached Emmett's room we were making enough noise to wake the dead, we had to as I really didn't want to walk in on Rose and Emmett fucking again, I had done it once before and it took me almost two years to bleach the image from my brain. "Rosalie Hale!" Alice shouted, I had to admit that for someone so small she really did have a big mouth. "Get your butt out of there and away from that idiot of brother of mine, it's time to go shopping." The door opened and Rose wandered out looking as though she had just stepped off the catwalk fresh from a French fashion show. As much as I envied Rose her looks I had never been jealous of the stunning blonde bombshell that had become one of my best friends. As she walked out of the room we could hear Emmett grumbling in the background about her leaving him and I burst into gales of laughter as she shouted. "Oh stop your bloody moaning you great oaf! You're starting to sound like more of a woman than I am; in fact I think it may be time to ask your dad about having your balls removed!" We made our way down stairs, laughing at the way that Emmett had immediately shut up at Roses words. I loved the elaborate staircase that we had to walk down but it hated me, thankfully Rose was there to catch me as I tripped and almost fell all the way to the bottom. Waltzing through the large kitchen we passed Edward and I could feel his eyes boring into my back like laser beams. Alice had already brought her banana yellow Porsche out of the garage and it was waiting for us outside the kitchen door. I was relegated to the back seat as normal due to the fact that my legs were shorter than Roses, a thing that I was grateful for as at least that way I wasn't aware of how fast Alice was actually driving. We reached Seattle in less than an hour, how the hell Alice managed to it without getting any kind of speeding ticket I will never know. It always amazed me that she had avoided wrapping any of her cars around a tree like a pretzel with the speed at which she drove. Alice's intuitive nature when it came to clothes had always had the capacity to blow me away and it was thanks to her that since my move to Forks I was no longer dressed like a total dork, although if it was up to Alice I would never wear an outfit for the second time and everything I owned would be a designer brand. She hated that I had kept some of my older more comfortable clothes that I had brought with me when I moved back from Phoenix. She led us down a small cobbled street that looked as though it belonged in the pages of a Charles Dickens novel than in the middle of Seattle in the twenty first century. It was easy to tell when we were getting close to the shop that Alice wanted as she began to bounce. Yes I said bounce; honestly this girl was worse than tigger on speed at the best of times and was unbearable when she got over excited I got exhausted just watching her. "We're here!" Alice exclaimed rocking up and down on the balls of her feet. "Rose, please tell me that they also sell Valium in here." I begged Rose. "Nope, I'm afraid not." Rose replied with a very girlish giggle. "They do however supply her with alcohol whilst she's there." NO! NO! NO! Of for fucks sake please tell me you are kidding me Rose. A sober Alice is excitable enough but a drunk Alice can get giddy at a hair tie how the hell will I cope when she's surrounded by clothes?" "Excuse me, I am still here you know!" Alice tried to look at us indignant but failed miserably which made me laugh out loud at her. "Come on then munchkin let's get the torture over with so we can go and eat. I haven't been to Twilight in ages and am looking forward to it." "I'll give you bloody torture." I heard her mutter under her breath as we entered a small wooden door into a small, plush foyer. To say that the foyer itself was opulent wouldn't have been giving it enough credit, the tall walls were painted a deep crimson red and a thick black carpet covered the floor and masked the sounds of our footsteps. Three large luxuriant chairs were grouped around a small table that held three champagne glasses and an iced bottle of Krug, it was obvious that we were expected and that Alice was well known to them. Just as we had each poured a glass of the ice cold bubbly a door opened and admitted a tall, stunning redhead with tight curls that reached all the way down to her ass. I loved red hair and was instantly envious of her until she opened her mouth and squealed. She greeted Alice in a high girlish voice and bounced over to her. I looked on in horror; one Alice was bad enough to deal with but being faced with someone of a similar hyperactive personality made me want to run screaming for the hills. "Alice! Oh My God it feels like it's been forever since I last saw you. How are you doing? Are you still with Jasper? How is your family doing now especially that gorgeous piece of man meat Emmett?" "Tori? I haven't seen you in so long I didn't realize that you were working here now. Yes I'm still with Jasper we've been together for three years now. Mum, dad and Edward are doing okay; they haven't changed much I have to admit. Emmett is doing really well and has finally seen the light and got himself a gorgeous girlfriend." Rose stiffened when Tori mentioned Emmett and I watched as she concentrated on relaxing her posture instead of going over and ripping Tori's head clean off for even having the nerve to look at Emmett. "Tori, can I introduce you to my two best friends in the entire universe, Bella and Rosalie. Rose is also Emmett's gorgeous girlfriend. Girls can I introduce Tori Garrett. Tori and I knew each other when we were in kindergarten and lost touch until five years ago when I ran into her again." Tori turned to us and smiled and although Alice had known her far longer than she had me and Rose I couldn't help but dislike her. Her cold blue eyes were as hard as ice as they swept over us and I could see that she was insanely jealous of the relationship that the three of us had. "Alice has told me that you want to look at the masquerade gowns we have. Do either of you have any idea of what style or color you are wanting?" I shook my head in answer to her question, I really hadn't been given enough time to even process the fact that she was making me wear a dress and heels never mind think about what color or style I wanted. I was clueless when it came to shopping and styles and knew I would need all the help and guidance I could get. "Come on, I want to go and look at some dresses." Alice all but shouted. Her small body was all but vibrating with excitement. I groaned in dismay as I suddenly realized that this wasn't going to be the short shopping trip that I hoped. Tori led us through the day from which she had emerged; Alice went skipping in front followed by an equally eager Rose while I very reluctantly brought up the rear. I heard Rose moan and my