Full Moon By Taki-Sama A/N: I do not own Twilight, i am just playing with it and it's little puppets. Summary: A new Town with new adventures, I'm Isabella Swan, and this is the story of how I used to be a...er...'Normal' girl and how my life became a cluster-fuck of one tragedy after another thanks to a certain group of Vampires called the Cullens. But maybe things aren't really all that bad thanks to my puppy and his furry little problem. Warning: Slight Cullen bashing, Blood, Gore...Swearing ect. No lemons! Sorry! (maybe hints of some, but I don't spread the nasty all over a page if it's unneeded for the story line to progress.) Jacob/Bella (perm.) Edward/Bella in the beginning. R&R if you want more! Chapter One: The New Girl. My forehead rested against the window of the passenger's seat to my dad's police cruiser. It was raining outside, the drops pounding against the clear sheet of glass as I stared at the damp world outside. I would miss the heat of Arizona, but maybe Forks wouldn't be so bad. My Parents, Charlie and Renee were divorced and I had lived with my mother for the last seventeen years. I visited Charlie from time to time when I was younger, but ten years earlier I had enough of being shipped back and forth year after year. Mom recently married another man, Phil a professional baseball player, he was a nice guy, but I felt like the third wheel in the relationship, so I made the decision to live with Charlie. Mom tried to convince me I didn't have to go, but I insisted, so here I was, watching the world pass by in a world of green and gray as we drove towards Forks Washington. My attention was turned towards Charlie as he cleared his throat, he looked a little nervous, i guess he wasn't too good at expressing his emotions. "So..." He began. "I uh, went ahead and signed you up for school." he said still staring out the front window. "Er..Thanks Ch-Dad." I shifted awkwardly in my seat, i decided to start calling him Dad, thats who he was after all, but it would take a bit of time getting used to. But despite my small blunder he seemed to straighten up just a little as if I had made him a little more confident with the name. I was turning my attention back to the world outside when he spoke again. "I found a car for you." I turned my head back to him. "Oh?" "Well actually, I bought a car for you, It was real cheap and runs great..." He said quickly as I opened my mouth to protest, I had my own money that I had saved, but i shut my mouth again, he was my Dad I suppose, it gave me some money for books and whatever else I needed. "Where did you find it?" I asked "You remember Billy Black right?" I thought for a moment before nodding. "Yeah...you used to go fishing with him, you used to drag me along and he would bring his son...Jacob, right?" "Yeah thats him, anyway, he had an accident a while back...a car accident that left him in a wheelchair, Jacob's mother was lost in the same accident, sad day for everyone." Charlie paused for a moment before continuing. "Since he can't drive anymore and Jacob has his own license and car they sold me their old truck." "How old?" "Uh...maybe nineteen fifties? I know he got it around the seventies." I was silent for a moment before I nodded. "sounds cool..." I then turned my head back towards the window and ended the conversation. I thought about Jacob, I had vague memories of him and his family. I think he had sisters, and I might have remembered his mother, I felt bad for him, he must have missed her so much. When we pulled up to the driveway of the old house that dad had lived in since he married my mother, I immediately spotted the old truck. It was an old Chevy and might have used to be cherry red, but time faded it to a rusty orange. It was dinged up and reminded me of a old bull, worn down but still able to give a good kick. I jumped out of the cruiser and bounced up to the truck running my hand over a fender before turning towards Charlie and giving him the biggest grin I could, this truck was perfect for me. "Thanks Dad! I love it." I wanted to give him a hug, but he might have been a bit uncomfortable with one, he was still getting used to returning to parent mode after all. "Your welcome Bells." He said with a small smile before opening the front door, he had already gathered my bags from the trunk, I hadn't needed to take much from Arizona, a lot of my clothes wouldn't have fit this weather. After dropping off my stuff in my old room, Charlie went back downstairs. I was grateful he wasn't one to hover. I looked around the old room, it was still the same as when I was born, except there was a full sized bed and a desk with a computer on it instead of a crib and changing table. As I studied the computer I let out a groan, I didn't know Dial-up still existed, lucky I didn't do much on the computer except write and read emails. When I was finished, I went downstairs and flopped on the couch next to Charlie, I grunted in greeting and he grunted back, yep communication between Father and Daughter was going well in my opinion. After watching a bit of baseball, boring sport in my opinion but hanging out with Charlie wasn't so bad, He ordered pizza. I didn't feel like cooking and I knew that he could barely cook, how he lived on his own for so long and survived puzzled me. When the pizza arrived I took a few slices of garlic, mushroom and bacon and went upstairs eating the pizza as I went to my room to get ready for my nightly routines. A quick shower and hair brushing session later, I slipped on my old pajama's consisting of a holey black tank top and black cotton boxers with little red hearts. The bed must have been soaked in some kind of tranquillizer because the moment I flopped onto it, I was lost to the world. I awoke to my alarm clock hours later as it shouted out its chorus of beeps that signaled that my ass must leave the bed and the day shall now begin. Sometimes I wished I could ground it into dust and tell the world to fuck off for a day, but I guess a new life waited ahead of me, and the only way to begin a new life, was to get the fuck up. Charlie was already gone for work, he was Chief Swan of the the Fork's Police Department, meaning I was going to get a lot of attention as the new girl. I couldn't help but cringe at the thought, I never liked people staring It usually happened anyway at my old school, every girl had their Arizona tans and skin full of color, But I, Isabella Swan, had very pale skin and burned when sunlight came into contact with it. I loved the sun, but my body swore it was that of the undead and must stay away from such evil or be purged. Yeah, I was one lucky girl. Well, at least my skin would fit in here, It was the new girl thing that would gain their attention, and that I was the mysterious daughter of their police chief. I chose simple clothes for the day, a pair of dark blue jeans, my old pair of black air-walk tennis shoes and a simple black turtleneck sweater mom had gotten me so I wouldn't have nothing warm to wear. After breakfast I left, grabbing a light jacket from the hook by the door and slipped it on as I locked the front door. I slid into the front seat of my new truck and turned the key, leaning back as it roared to life. I took a moment, just listening to the engine rumble before I drove off, ready to face my new life as the new girl. I pulled into the parking lot of Forks High and jumped out of Old Red, yeah I named my truck already, I really did love it. I stared at the building for a moment before giving myself a quick pat down to make sure I was presentable. I took a quick glance around the place, I was glad my car wasn't the only old one around, though one stuck out, a silver Volvo that was no doubt expensive. I shrugged it off, not reading to much into it, every school had the rich kid. I walked into the building I assumed was the office to check in. When I entered I spotted a woman behind a desk, sorting and filing papers. I walked up to her and tried to gain her attention. "Um...excuse me." I said. The woman stopped what she was doing and looked up, immediately her face brightened up, she already knew me and was expecting me I supposed. "Oh! Isabella Swan I presume?" she asked. "Uh...just Bella Ma'am." I answered. "Yes of course, Chief Swans daughter, I have your papers right here dear." She said handing me a few papers. "There is the school map and a paper that each of your teachers must sign, please return it to me at the end of the day. Also your class schedule." She said and then proceeded to point out the best route to my classes. "If you have any other questions, feel free to ask any of the staff or fellow students." knowing a dismissal when I heard one I just nodded and thanked her politely before leaving. I went back to Old Red and grabbed my book bag and took a look at my classes and the school map. By the time I had everything figured out, the bell rang for the first class and my head snapped up, I hadn't noticed the lack of teenagers, I had stuffed my face into the papers I hadn't noticed much of anything. Two minutes later I ran into the English classroom panting, the teacher looked up a me and I blushed. "S-sorry I'm late, I got lost." "It's fine, you must be Isabella...just don't let it happen again." The English teacher said waving to an empty seat. "Sit down and we can begin." Thats how the first half of my day went, I was relieved when the bell ran for lunch after History class, I heard enough about WWII from the History channel, it seemed to be the only topic anyone wanted to cover nowadays. As I was packing up my things, a boy approached me, he was Asian with jet black hair and a wide grin. "Hey, your the new girl right?" He asked, I didn't bother to answer, that question was getting old really fast. "I'm Eric...if you want I can show you to the cafeteria." He offered. I could have refused, I had a map, but he looked so hopeful that I couldn't say no. "Er...sure Eric, I'm Bella by the way." "Awesome, come on." He said nearly bounding out of the room. Reaching the Cafeteria, I ended up sitting with Eric and a group of his friends, I recognized two girls from my English class and a boy from Math, but I couldn't remember their names for the life of me, even though Eric had said each one before we sat down. I wasn't a name person, a face I could remember though. One of the girls, a