10-26-13 Hello, everybody! Wow, I said I'd have this out about a month ago... I was originally going to call it "Fatal Flaw," but then I realized I wanted to use that name on a different fic. So, for all of you unlucky people who haven't read "House of Hades" yet (like me) this is one of the ways I think it could end. For all of you lucky people who have already read HoH, I am greener than a dryad with jealousy. Here's an alternate ending for you; unless I'm right... So, hope you enjoy! And just in case you get mad at me and don't want to read the rest, please read the author's note at the bottom. Percy staggered out of the Doors, practically dragging Annabeth along beside him. He stopped and blinked at the sudden brightness, unaccustomed to the light. Clouds covered the sun, but it still didn't change the fact that Tartarus had been blacker than night. Tartarus. Percy shuddered involuntarily. Nope , he thought. Bad self. Don't think about it, you'll just freak yourself out. A cool breeze washed over him, and Percy sighed with relief. Fresh air, after so many days underground. He struggled forward a few more steps, than collapsed to the ground, taking Annabeth with him. He pulled her onto his lap and hugged her tight, closing his eyes and burying his face into her filthy hair. "We made it," he whispered. "We actually made it." Annabeth reached up and hugged his neck. "Of course, Seaweed Brain," she said, laughter dancing in her voice. "We're together." Now that might have sounded corny, but to Percy, it meant everything. "Together," he repeated. They sat for a minute or two, too tired and relieved to go any farther. Just then, a giant sigh came from the opening behind them, like something really big was inhaling. Percy felt it pulling on him, dragging them back toward the darkness. "Nope!" he exclaimed, standing up and pushing forward with the last of his energy. "Not happening." But he wasn't making any headway. At this point, he was walking in place, struggling against an invisible force. It was like walking through a wind tunnel. "Percy," Annabeth said, sounding slightly panicked. "It's okay," Percy assured her. "We're fine." Even to himself, he sounded scared. Inch by inch, step by step, they drew closer to the dreaded opening. Percy yelled aloud in frustration. They had not come this far to be beaten by a stupid wind. He gritted his teeth, plowing forward and managing to stagger forward a few feet before the suction increased, dragging them until they were just outside the Doors, and he knew it was hopeless. They were going in. Suddenly, he heard a shout of surprise, then something yanked his arm and dragged him clear. He and Annabeth tumbled to the rocky ground a good twenty feet away from the opening, panting for breath. Percy frantically yanked Riptide from his pocket, flicked off the cap, and swung at the figures above them before the sword had fully expanded. Someone yelped in surprise, and his sword stopped with a clang as something blocked it from its intended target. "Whoa!" a familiar voice cried. "It's us! It's cool! We're cool!" Percy finally focused on what was in front of him, and realized that he had been stopped by a very familiar golden sword. He followed the blade with his eyes up to the handle, to the hand holding it, then up the arm to find himself looking up into the striking blue eyes of Jason Grace. He realized that Jason had stopped Riptide just before it had cut a very panicked looking Leo in half. Piper, Frank, Hazel, and Nico flanked them, each looking down at Percy with a mixture of apprehension and relief in their eyes. Percy let his sword clatter to the ground in front of him, almost sobbing with relief. "Sorry," he managed. Jason studied him critically, then his face split into a grin. "Hey, no problem. Right, Leo?" He elbowed Leo in the ribs. "Oof! Yeah, no problem. Sure I almost got split like a coconut, but still, no problem." Percy closed his eyes and let his head loll backward onto the ground, too tired to do anything else. Instinctively, he reached his hand out to the side, searching for a familiar palm. He wasn't disappointed. Annabeth's slender hand slipped into his, and for a moment it was just him, Annabeth, and their joined hands. They had survived Tartarus. They kind of deserved a little break. "Made it," Annabeth breathed next to him. "Yep," he agreed. Suddenly, he realized something disturbing. His eyes flickered open and he peered up at his friends. "Hey, where's Gaea's army?" he asked. "I thought she was guarding these Doors with all she's got." Leo grinned. "Oh, them? Well, thanks to Beauty Queen over here, we dumped the Athena Parthenos in the entrance, which pretty much caused mass panic among the giants. All we have to do is keep back the few monsters brave enough to venture farther than Athena's glow. Sweet, huh?" Piper was blushing. "Leo!" she protested. "It wasn't that amazing! And don't call me Beauty Queen!" Leo shrugged. "Whatever, Beauty Queen." She punched him in the arm. "Repair Boy," she growled. "Ow," he muttered, rubbing his arm. Annabeth nodded approvingly in Piper's direction. "Good thinking, Piper. Worthy of a daughter of Athena." Piper blushed even deeper. "Uh, thanks," she stammered. Percy tried to get up, but his legs simply wouldn't support him. He fell back on his back with a grunt of annoyance. "Fine, be that way," he scolded his feet. "Um, Percy? You okay?" He looked up to see all of them looking at him with concern. No, I am not okay , he wanted to yell. I just escaped from hell, for Zeus's sake. But he managed a smile. "Yeah, I'm fine," he lied. Jason held out his hand, and Percy took it, reluctantly releasing Annabeth and hauling himself to his aching feet. Instantly, he pitched into Jason, almost sending them both tumbling. "Whoa, man," Jason said, his voice laced with concern. "You okay?" Percy shook himself to try and clear the spots from his vision. "Fine," he said. "Just tired." To prove his point, he pushed himself off of Jason. He swayed slightly as he stood, but at least he didn't fall over again. He leaned down and grasped Annabeth's hand, and just managed to pull her to her feet without tipping. He wrapped his arm under hers to keep her upright. "Here, let me help," Jason said, reaching out to support Annabeth. Percy flinched backward. "It's okay, we're good," he said, a little too quickly. Jason frowned, but stayed back. There was an awkward silence, soon broken by a loud boom and monsters screaming in victory. They turned and saw, to their horror, that the monsters were launching grappling hooks and lines around the Athena Parthenos. Their intentions were clear: to pull it over so it would smash against the rocky ground. "We'd better stop them," Jason said, drawing his sword. "The last thing we need is for our number one—not to mention only—defense smashed to rubble." He started toward the entrance, followed closely by the others. "You two stay here," he ordered. "You've been through enough in the past few weeks to fight three wars over." As much as he wanted to, Percy couldn't really argue with that. He was almost too tired to stand, let alone fight. He limped carefully over to the wall and helped Annabeth settle down on the ground with her back against the rock. He plopped down beside her, exhaling slowly. "We're alive," he said, reaching out to take Annabeth's hand. "Yeah," she said softly, moving so she was leaning against his shoulder. Percy turned to watch the battle unfold, trying to keep back the flicker of annoyance of his own helplessness. Jason was flying around the Athena Parthenos, cutting the lines as fast as he could while Leo set the stuff around the statue's feet on fire. But no matter how fast they cut them, more just kept coming until they had almost completely tangling the Athena Parthenos with black rope. "Oh gods," Annabeth gasped. "They're not trying to pull it over. They're trying to block out its light." Percy realized that she was right. Every line thrown wrapped around the statue multiple times before coming to a halt. Their friends, seemingly unaware of the danger, only focused on the lines leading into the crowds of monsters, leaving the rest hanging off the statue like a giant black spider web, slowly but surely extinguishing Athena's powerful aura. "We have to warn them," Annabeth cried. Percy heaved himself upright, barely stopping his head from smashing against the rock wall as he teetered sideways. "Schist," he hissed. "Excuse me?" Annabeth asked, one eyebrow raised. "The rock, not the word it sounds like. Inside joke, tell you later." He shook the spots out of his eyes, trying to get his vision to focus. He took a deep breath, and thrust one foot forward, pushing himself carefully off of the wall. His knees buckled slightly, but held his weight. "I'm going to tell them," he said. "Then I'm coming with you," Annabeth announced, moving to stand up. Percy stooped down and gripped her shoulders, keeping her firmly seated on the ground. "No, Annabeth. You stay here," he said gently. She glared up at him, her grey eyes flashing defiantly. She opened her mouth to speak, but Percy beat her to it. "Your ankle isn't fully healed yet. You should rest in case…" he trailed off, but they both knew what he was thinking: in case the Athena Parthenos wasn't enough. In case the monsters broke through the barrier. "Besides," Percy continued, "you can keep an eye on the Doors. Let us know if something's coming up on our backs. I doubt the monsters inside will avoid the light for much longer." Annabeth stared up at him, and Percy knew she saw right through his feeble attempt to convince her to stay. He had expected as much. If he'd learned anything from being around her for nearly six years, it was that Annabeth wasn't stupid. Even the mere thought of her being stupid was stupid. Her eyes filled with a fierce resolve, and Percy thought she was going to call him off as a liar. Then she did something he didn't expect: she reached up and grabbed a fistful of the fabric that used to be blue jeans. "Promise me you'll come back," she said, grey eyes boring into his. "Promise me I'll see you again." "Of course I'll see you again," Percy said, trying to sound lighthearted. "Why wouldn't I?" But as he spoke, something flickered on the edge of his mind. A disturbing thought that he couldn't quite place a finger on. He pushed it aside. He'd figure it out later. Annabeth continued to look at him, waiting expectantly. "I promise," he said, leaning down and kissing her gently. When they finally pulled away, Percy was surprised to see tears pooling in the corners of her eyes. "Good luck, Seaweed Brain," she whispered. That same strange flicker of doubt flashed through Percy's mind again, but his foggy brain wasn't fast enough to catch it before it had danced out of his thoughts again. Percy pecked her lightly on her dirty cheek. "Be back soon," he promised. He turned and began to walk slowly toward the exit opening of the temple, his unsteady steps becoming faster and more confident as his legs seemed to finally understand what he wanted them to do. He glanced back at Annabeth who was watching him walk away, and a growing sense of foreboding overcame him with every step he took. Suddenly, he heard a loud yell coming from just ahead. He swiveled around to look back at the statue, and gasped in