Part 1: Morning January 15th, 2010 7:53 AM Cabin Six Annabeth awoke to the sound of screaming. For a second she thought she was still asleep. Her dreams had become increasingly vivid lately, so yelling didn't seem so far out of the norm. Then she realized she could feel her bed shaking and, with a sigh, resigned herself to the fact that she was awake. She rolled into a sitting position and blinked a few times to unglue her eyelids. Malcolm was standing over her, already dressed, with a heavy-looking book under one arm and a thermos in his other hand. "Claire, sweetheart, you can't go to archery without pants on! Morning, sunshine," he said to Annabeth. "Surprise head counselor meeting in five minutes. Chiron told me to wake you up." Well, styx. Annabeth climbed out of bed and looked around the cabin, dismayed by what she saw. Despite their smarts, her siblings were still unorganized on even the best of mornings. Papers and clothes flew everywhere, several people were still in bed despite it being almost time for breakfast, and even as Annabeth watched, a stray dagger whistled through the air and stuck, quivering, in one of the ancient war maps plastered to the wall. "That is ENOUGH!" Annabeth shouted. Instantly all noise in the cabin ceased, save for the residual sounds of paper fluttering to the floor. Fourteen sets of wide gray eyes fixated on her. "You guys, I know I woke up late this morning, but that doesn't mean you have to go completely crazy because I'm not in charge. I want this cabin clean in three minutes or I'm going straight to Chiron and assigning us all to kitchen duty, cabin inspection be damned. Now get a move on, we've got archery first thing this morning and I don't want to have to tell Will why we're late!" Her siblings scattered immediately at her words. Annabeth sat back down on her bunk and groaned; her head was pounding after her sudden outburst and all she really wanted to do was climb back into bed. She looked up at Malcolm, who was watching her sympathetically. "I don't doubt that you at least tried to get these hellions under control this morning, so thanks for that. But why didn't you wake me up? I never sleep in past seven-thirty." Malcolm sat down next to her and laid his head on her shoulder. Even though she was a year older than him, Annabeth still thought of Malcolm as the big brother she'd never gotten to have. Even as she thought that, his arm wrapped around her back and she smiled automatically. "You needed the rest," he said quietly, so the rest of their siblings wouldn't overhear the conversation. "Face it, you haven't been sleeping enough since Percy disappeared. You can try to hide it from everyone else if you want, but you're already sick and you're going to make it worse if you don't take a break." Annabeth could feel the flush creeping up her neck. She was uncomfortable even admitting it to herself, but she knew Malcolm had a point—she'd been nursing a particularly stubborn cold on and off for two weeks with nothing but brief snatches of sleep and a less-than-stellar diet. "I hate it when you're right," she mumbled. Her brother only squeezed her more tightly. "You should be used to it by now. Come on, I'll lend you my jacket for the morning. You're about to be late." . . . Although the camp's weather was magically controlled, the barrier seemed to be weakening the longer Mr. D was away. Annabeth's shoes crunched in the frosty grass as she walked, and the damp wind blowing off the Sound sent an involuntary shiver down her back. She was grateful for Malcolm's warm, heavy jacket and the scarf he'd also insisted she wear—he could be overprotective that way. She took the porch steps two at a time and ducked into the front hallway of the Big House, relieved to be out of the wind. As she stopped to catch her breath, Annabeth glanced at the bulletin board that dominated one wall—full of pictures, flyers, schedules for each cabin, and various other things left behind by campers over the years. A poster with the new Capture the Flag teams for Friday commanded the top corner of the board. Usually Chiron posted the counselors' assignments here as well, so Annabeth searched until she found the sheet covered in his familiar looping cursive. Armory organization: Clarisse, Piper Breakfast cleanup: Jason, Lou Ellen, Miranda Cabin inspection: Annabeth Mail call: Butch ***All other counselors are to report immediately back from breakfast for morning inspection Inspection. Wonderful. Instead of getting some extra time to make sure the Athena cabin was spotless after this morning's wakeup fiasco, she got to chastise the Stolls for their under-the-bed cleanup job again . Annabeth couldn't hold it against Chiron—it was, after all, a point of pride for him that the cabins were neat and presentable—but she was beginning to think that today was just not her day. Here goes nothing , she thought, and headed down the hall to the rec room. 7:58 AM Head Counselor Meeting She arrived at the meeting with two whole minutes to spare. Despite it being almost time for the meeting to start, the room was nearly empty. Only a handful of people were scattered across the mismatched couches and armchairs—including Clarisse, damn it. Their "friendly" rivalry covered more than just arena fights. "Trouble getting started this morning, Chase?" she asked, smirking. Annabeth merely rolled her eyes good-naturedly and skirted around the Ping-Pong table to take her usual seat. Someone (read: Miranda) had left a cup of hot chocolate on the table for her, with two giant marshmallows in it and everything. She sank into the couch next to Clarisse and took a long sip. Perfect. She took advantage of the quiet moment to observe the room. Will was curled up on his favorite squishy beanbag by the door, staring off into space and responding to people who tried to talk to him with unhappy grumbling noises. (Apollo's kids were decidedly not morning people, contrary to popular belief.) Piper was lying across the other couch with her head in Jason's lap and her feet in Miranda's, doing what appeared to be a newspaper crossword. Next to Annabeth, Clarisse was nursing an extra-large and definitely contraband Red Bull while flipping through an issue of Guns & Ammo . "Anybody know why Chiron called a meeting so early?" asked Brian, the head counselor of Hebe's cabin, through a wide yawn. "I could have used another half hour of sleep, personally." "Something about the Argo II , I think," Jason said. He had taken over Piper's crossword, but she didn't seem to be complaining. "I don't know the details, but Leo can probably tell you more when he gets here." Annabeth didn't understand Jason. Sure, he was disciplined and powerful and (dare she say it) handsome, but she still didn't feel like she could trust him. It was almost nonsensical on her part; Chiron trusted him, and the rest of the camp was accepting enough, so why did she have to worry? Yet every time she looked at Jason, she was starkly reminded of Percy's disappearance. She couldn't help but wonder if her boyfriend was even alive, if he had a place to sleep at night, if people were looking out for him too . . . if he remembered her and the family he'd left behind. She forced down those thoughts immediately when she felt hot tears welling at the corners of her eyes. Now was not the time to get sappy or overemotional. She took another sip of her hot chocolate and tried to relax, and if anyone noticed her brief moment of emotion, they had the good sense not to say anything. Most people were too tired to have any kind of meaningful conversation, so they sat in near silence save for the hum of the TV playing the morning news in the background. Clarisse leaned over at one point and asked, "You feeling any better, Chase? 'Cause you look dead beat." "I'd like to beat you dead," replied Annabeth, elbowing Clarisse to let her know know she'd been kidding. When they'd been younger such a comment might have incensed Clarisse to the point of no return, but now the daughter of Ares only pulled her into a rough one-armed hug. (Everything Clarisse did was too rough; Annabeth had learned not to mind, that Clarisse really didn't mean it.) "If you wanna crash for a few hours this afternoon, let me know. I'll deal with the questions." First good news I've heard all day. Annabeth half-smiled, too tired to do much else. "I'll take you up on that. Thanks." The door opened after a while; Annabeth looked up just in time to see Leo catch his foot on the carpet, narrowly miss landing on top of Will, and smack face-first into the Ping-Pong table. "Smooth, Valdez," said Clarisse without missing a beat. Leo groaned and dropped to the floor, his head cradled in his hands. "So much permanent pain, you guys. I am concussed ." "Leo? Bro, are you okay?" Jason asked, concerned. "LEAVE ME HERE TO DIE." Fortunately for Leo, Chiron had heard the commotion and rushed over with his tail still in curlers. He carted Leo out just to make sure nothing severe had happened while the rest of the counselors trickled in gradually. "Annabeth, are you still sending your kids over after breakfast?" asked Will over the low murmur of conversation that now filled the room. "I was going to, why?" "Don't. I have to cancel all my classes today because some smarmy Ares jerk—sorry, Clarisse—decided to take a few liberties with the phrase 'fire at will'." He held up his arm to show a heavily bandaged elbow. "Sorry for the late notice, but—" Clarisse nearly spewed her sip of Red Bull all over her magazine and demanded, "Who was it? I swear to gods, I told Marshall that if he tried any more funny business I'd kick his ass into—" They were spared from having to listen to Clarisse explain, in agonizing detail, where and how she would kick Marshall's ass by the arrival of Chiron. "Let's come to order, please," he said. "Clarisse, your face is a disturbing shade of red; please calm down. Lou Ellen, do I even want to know why that stack of toast is on fire? And if someone could please separate Dwight and Eva before they stab each other, it would save me quite a bit of paperwork later." Annabeth drained her hot chocolate and set the mug aside with a sigh. Today was going to be a long day. 8:45 AM Cabin Inspection Loath as she was to leave her half-finished omelet behind, when Chiron dismissed the campers from breakfast to prepare for morning inspection, Annabeth dutifully picked up her notebook and a pen and set off toward the cabins. At least it didn't take too much effort to figure out if a cabin was clean or not. As usual, the Zeus cabin was impeccable. Hera's never got inspected anyway. Annabeth didn't even bother going into cabin three. Demeter got a five, as usual. So did Ares; Clarisse never stood for a dirty cabin. Athena got a three and probably should have gotten lower, but Annabeth refused to blame her siblings for what was mostly her own mess. The Apollo cabin was less of a disaster than usual; their "secret" famous poets poster ("secret" only because their dad wasn't on it) was at least hanging straight this morning, and the only other thing amiss was the pink bra hanging over the bust of Apollo on a shelf at the back of the cabin. Annabeth decided not to ask, marked down four out of five, and moved on. She wound her way