~Prologue~ I'm not a heroine. I'm not the main character of a perfect fairy tale, or the girl who everyone admires for her strength. I'm not brave, or drop-dead gorgeous or graceful. I don't have a cunning wit or genius level intelligence. I'm just a girl who got caught up in a nightmare and was desperately trying to keep afloat of the despair. I am weak, but I can't be anyone but myself and all the faults that come with that. I've tried being someone else before but it just makes the outcome worse in the end. I would later discover that the self-built walls that kept others at arm length from me would be to both my detriment and my benefit. The fact that my emotions and opinions do war within my mind without the sign of a ripple hinting what is going on beneath the calm façade on my face. That human instinct only gets you so far and then you just have to take a leap of faith and pray you'll make it. That independence isn't all that important in the long run, and that sometimes if you can make it to the end of the day with most of your morals intact, you've done well, even if everything else seems to suggest otherwise. My name is Isabella Swan, and I'm just trying to make it to the next dawn. Chapter 1 BPOV My hands shake as I swallow yet another Xanax, praying this dose would get me through the next few hours. I had felt the tentative grip I had on reality begin to slip as from the corner of my eye one of the men leaving had reminded me of Charlie in his gestures and posture. While at work I know I can't risk slipping into that dark place of my mind. The sneer of one of my fellow co-workers doesn't help my anxiety any before I shove my prescription bottle back in my ragged backpack in the employee storage area. Taking a deep breath I force myself to go back out into the crowded Italian Bistro that I work at. It is a popular place, favoured by many business men from the nearby office buildings. I haven't worked here for long (anxiety attacks and relapses at the last six places I'd worked meant that it was difficult to keep a job for any reasonable stretch of time). The pay was crap, but the tips were decent in this part of town and the bistro was almost always busy which meant no lag time that I could drift away in. Picking up my orders I weave around the bustling café and silently deposit the specialty coffee drinks with the food to those who had been waiting. After fifteen minutes the tense, stressed, self-hatred and paranoia I felt since the reminder of my father starts to ease letting me know the Xanax has kicked in. If I could just avoid touching or being touched too much until the end of my shift I might actually be able to focus enough to work on paying my bills and cleaning my grungy apartment a little before falling into the not-so-peaceful oblivion known as sleep. Sometimes I just can't decide whether my nightmares or the vivid twists my imagination come up with are worse. The little bell over the entrance tinkles merrily letting us staff know yet more people have entered. I turn to look accidently getting my shin hit with a chair that has been left out in the walkway for my trouble. Gasping quietly I rub it quick before straightening again. It really is a good thing the uniforms here include long pants as due to my innate clumsiness I'm always sporting a small collection of bruises and cuts on my fair skin. "Isabella! Table seven, hurry up!" one of the other girls hiss at me. I don't bother to reply (not that she waited for one), instead I just orient myself towards the designated table. Getting there in relatively good time I quickly glance out of the corner of my eye to see that it is-yet again- a table full of businessmen. Without looking at any of them I begin my spiel. "Welcome to Sanremo Bistro, I am Isabella and I'll be your waitress this afternoon." I announce with as much sincerity as I can muster at the moment. I'm fairly sure my efforts fail though, as I sound quite monotone to even my own ears. Taking a deep breath I finally look up to face the customers I am serving to tell them of the specials. "Today we-" and I stop, because what is sitting in front of me cannot by the holy hand of God be true. It absolutely cannot be real. I can feel the blood drain from my face in such a rush I didn't think was possible, while my eyes widen without my conscious consent. Sitting before me along with a couple of ordinary businessmen are some not so ordinary vampires. After the circumstances and happenings that I have lived through I can differentiate a vampire from a human in a literal split-second. The lines of their faces and bodies are always too perfect. Their skin no matter the lighting is a cold bloodless white. Paleness is not the issue- but rather the lack of colour that fresh blood beneath the skin is the most obvious giveaway. Not to mention if you happen to catch one in the sunlight. Their faces are always immaculate- no discolouration, pores, or imperfections to be seen. Humans always have imperfections. Lastly, of course is their eyes. Golden-bronze for the vegetarians like my former family or the much more common bright blood red for the human drinkers. Or for those vainly attempting to blend in a muddy burgundy-brown colour of a brown contact lens overtop. As I said before it took me more time to breathe in my next breath than it did to take in all these details of the three vampire men before me, muddy red-brown eyes and all. What scared me to the point I almost peed was that I recognized the centre male vaguely. His sharp posture screamed of past eras, the look of distain on his face spoke volumes about his thoughts about his companions and his business suit was immaculate. What grabbed me the most though was his white blond hair, piercing eyes and youthful face bellied by the sense of authority he seemed to exude. Caius Volturi. My instincts flared and I knew I couldn't pause for any longer than I already had. I quickly broke eye contact and bit the inside of my cheek hard enough to bring me back into focus slightly. Then I forced myself to speak, desperately hoping whatever came out of my mouth didn't draw any attention my way. "R-right. Um. T-today's specials are listed on the c-card here" I quickly gestured to the card on the table "and fountain d-drinks have free r-refills. ?" I glanced up at them briefly and continued before barely half a second had gone by, interrupting one of the human men about to order as they stared at me incredulously. "No? OkayI'llbebackinabit…afteryoulookatthemenus." And with that prime display of articulation I turned around and tried to not look like I was sprinting away from the table. By the time I am in the backroom again my entire body is trembling. I can hear my breath hammering quickly in and out of my lungs as I fling off my apron, then take all my tips and shove them quickly in the pocket of my backpack. One of the other girls on break is watching me with wide eyes as I pull on my jacket. Barely glancing at her I mutter "I'm not feeling well, I need to leave. Sorry," before I dash out the back door and toward the subway. Running on instinct I'm praying to any listening God (or Goddess, demi-god, sprite, spirit- whatever I'm not picky) that the lunch meeting that had required a Volturi present for was important enough that they couldn't leave part way through. Or at least couldn't wrap-up quickly enough before I manage to get my butt on a subway car heading in any direction followed by a few more random types of public transportation so my scent is lost amongst the comings and goings of the city. As I slip through the doors of a car just leaving, squishing myself in amongst the crowd I try to breathe deeply and calm myself. If asked none of the staff of Sanremo Bistro that are currently on shift know much of anything about me other than my first name. Well that and I have some sort of need for medication. The manager who does the hiring and thus has my address and personal information wasn't in today so that shouldn't be too much of an issue. And I hadn't said anything to tip them off. No mention of sparkling or blood. I hadn't looked at Caius for long I don't think. If I'm at all due for some luck now would be a good time for it to come through- I mean surely I had had enough curveballs thrown my way to last me for a while, right? Please just let them think I was a strange waitress with a mental problem, and not someone who knows one of the best kept secrets in history. Run-down apartment building. I've been crisscrossing Seattle for six hours hoping to throw off their trail if they're even following me at all. I'm fairly sure I'm over my limit for how many Xanax I'm supposed to take in a day, especially considering I've not eaten since my rather small lunch earlier. My head keeps whipping from side-to-side as I bypass alleyways, knowing that I look suspicious but unable to help myself. Night isn't exactly a good time to be female and alone in this neighbourhood, nevermind my vamp issues. I trip slightly over a curb but manage to catch myself as I finally make it to the entrance for my building. The dingy stairwell seems longer and steeper than normal as I stumble up the three flights of stairs to my floor. It takes me a further five minutes to actually get the key to open the flimsy door before I'm in and locking it behind me. My vision is starting to blacken around the edges as I tremble and stumble towards my bed in the one room apartment, almost collapsing to the ground beside it as I pull out my emergency stash from beneath the bed. Ripping open the dufflebag I shove my backpack into it and pull my sleeping bag off the thin mattress before shoving it in there too. I grab the two photos on the dresser along with the rest of my medication and toiletries before scanning the room. I lunge for the package of granola bars and add them to my bag as well. All my clothes go next and the rest I can leave behind, though there isn't really much. By this point though my hysteria has broken through the chemical barriers I tried to erect and the darkness in my vision is becoming more persistent. The images of blood and gore and pain rise up from my mind and I am lost once more to the horrors in my unconscious. I won't even remember falling to the ground. "Human. Wake up human." I feel something hard poking me and I really don't like it. Reluctantly I open my eyelids and blink a few times as I wake-up. I am no longer in my shabby little apartment but instead what appears to be a hotel room. For some reason I am strangely calm to be waking up in a new place, but the numbness is often a side-effect when I black-out. I probably should be more worried than I am, but I just