. /-XOJNgYt4a7A/UGaKl9v3coI/AAAAAAAAA54/iB8KOav0RzE/s400/386981_374623832608176_3709441_ Banner by: MinaRivera Unyielding Love by WhiteWolfLegend Rated: NC-17 Warnings: Beta: Summary: They thought everything was fine, that their problems were over and they could finally start to be together. Then one night Bella is taken when the castle is under attack, what will Caius do to get his mate back? Warning for dark themes, swearing, character death and much more violence in later chapters. Disclaimer: I do not own. Bella POV Thunder and lightning clap across the night sky, flashing the land below in bright light as rain pours from the heavens. I couldn't help the laughter that escapes from my lips as I run through the halls of the castle, Caius's booming laughter not far behind me. A month had passed since the whole Cullen fiasco and our love... No, our friendship had blossomed extremely, turning into a relationship and was slowly turning into love. I had grown close to Pica, so close that we could be mistaken for twins, in personality wise anyway, we were so much alike. We spend our time together in the garden, pruning and cleaning it; it was a thing that I looked forward to. Aro has been teaching me the etiquette of the royal court and everything else that goes with becoming a queen, Pica has helped too. He has also been teaching me about our kind and all those that he knows of, werewolves and shifters of the like. Thinking of shifters, I have yet to contact my fellow pack members. I had managed to get the word out that Victoria was killed and the Cullen coven will be no more, let alone be allowed back into Washington in their lifetime. "Where are you my little bell? I will get you." Caius calls in a mock deadly tone. "Oh no, whatever shall I do?" I cry out and giggle. Playing chase was something Caius and I love. "GOT YOU" he chuckles in my ear as his arms wrap around my waist. "You always seem to do that, Caius" I giggle, turning myself into his arms, placing a soft peck on his lips and pulling away as I see Demitri walk down the hall. "Master, Mistress… Master Aro has asked for your presence" he states formally with a bow, smirking a little at me as Caius turns back to face me. That little shit will get his ass kicked again one day. We had become closer after the trial and even more so when I had saved a vampire out on a close mission to home. Jade was a short shit compared to him, just reaching his shoulders. She was a spitfire that was for sure to keep our resident tracker on his toes. Aro was pleased to no end when he found out she had power over the elements, mastering in fire and water. Her bite, which I have firsthand knowledge of, is the equivalent to Jane's power apparently with pain. With one simple bite, it feels like you're going through the change all over again, all at once. Also, I warn to never piss her off. Did you know that venom is some form of water and can be controlled? Yeah, neither did we until Felix and Peter pissed her off one day and were her puppets. Walking into the hallway and to see her laughing evilly with her hands in the air singing "Dance puppets, DANCE!" made my day. "Thank you Demitri. Tell Aro we will be there in just a second" I reply softly, rubbing my hand up and down Caius's sternum to make him relax. He really hates us being interrupted all the time. I swear Aro does this just to piss Caius off, revenge for all the times my mate has interrupted him and Pica. "I know he does this on purpose" he grumbles when Demitri was out of sight, dropping his head on my shoulder. "We all know he does. Come, let's not keep him waiting." I try to sooth him holding back my giggle. We take off towards the throne room hand in hand. I couldn't help but think about what Aro wanted to talk to us for and, somehow, I just knew it was about me. "Ah brother, Isabella. Sorry to interrupt you but this is important." Aro lets out a boyish laugh as he takes in my mates scowling form. "Aro, what is it you wish to inform me? Is it important or is it a way of pissing off Caius?" I ask him as I move to sit near Marcus while my mate takes his seat. I was to sit near him for all meetings of such with witnesses outside the elite guard. That is until I mate with Caius and become his bride, or be crowned as a to-be-queen. "A little of both. Marcus and I have been speaking of having a ceremony to announce you as the newest queen and Caius's mate. All the covens will be here to see your coronation." A snarl from Caius escaped his lips while snapping his teeth at Aro. "You interrupted us for this, when it could have been done later in your office?" he sighs out, rubbing his temples. "You know this is payback brother" Marcus chuckles out, standing and gesturing me to sit. For some seeing him offer me his throne, this is common. For the lower guards that were in the room, not so much, causing them to gasp. I couldn't help but roll my eyes at them. "Yes, but he ALWAYS does it" he states sending a glare to his hyper raven haired brother. "When will this coronation be?" I ask with a raised brow, causing him to smile sheepishly. "In a week…" he trails off when he sees my narrowing eyes. "Are you to say, that I am to be primed and dolled up for a ball that is in a week? You know what I am like with spectacles Aro. I am pissed that you only tell me this now. However, I am somewhat surprised it got past me, but there is a fat chance I will be dressed to the nines in some fru fru dress" I tell him honestly with a flat stare and then something struck me. "Wait… Did my grandfather know of this?" I ask slowly, my eyes narrowing on all three brothers now as they looked anywhere but me. "That fucker! When I get my hands on Peter for not telling me…" I trail off, standing from the throne and pacing, my head cocked to the side as little tidbits of info hit me. I don't see Izzy anymore as she and I are now one. The voice of the power, the one I inherited from Pete, is her. He's gone to get the wolves… You need to tell them… They might not be pleased… Fuck, I knew the time would come when I would have to tell Caius and the other two about the pack. Peter warned me I would have to tell them soon before he left. That fucker. I knew Marcus and Caius would not like to hear of them, but if they are coming here, again thanks to Peter, I needed to tell them. "Whatever is the matter Isabella?" I look up from my spot to look at Marcus, his eyes soft but full of worry. Turning my head around the room I could see all the lower guard stare at me. "You all need to leave. Bring me Jasper Whitlock." I order and when they didn't move an inch, I let out a snarl. "NOW!" Instantly they were gone and Jasper was bowed at my feet. He and Emmett were the only ones who didn't hate it here, Emmett the only Cullen Coven member. "You called for me Mistress…" he whispers. "Yes. I need to tell my mate, Aro and Marcus of our little friends in La Push" I say lightly, causing his head to snap up at me with his red eyes sparking with both recognition and surprise, before flickering to the kings and back in question and worry. He knew of Marcus's and Caius's pasts when it came to wolves. "Are you sure mistress?" he asks wary, standing from his kneeled position. Peter had informed him that the wolves were back but, Jasper being part of the Cullen Coven, already knew of the treaty, wolves or not. "Yes, they need to know," I sigh out. "Do you care to share what it is we need to know?" All amusement in Aro's voice was gone now, the one he uses for business and crimes is back, and the one that is used around the Cullen's a lot. "I have some friends, who I trust with my life in La Push. They are… Different" I sigh out, turning to face them as Jasper stands behind me. "Different? How so?" Aro asks, curious and slow as he leans forward in his chair. "They turn into big, giant, fluff balls" Jasper drawls out. I shoot him a glare over my shoulder before I look at my mate and then my maker. "They turn into wolves." Those four letter words sent the three kings in an uproar. Marcus the worst as he throws his throne across the room, Jasper and I ducking as it flew over our heads, barely missing us. It wouldn't have hurt I thought at first, until I saw it fly out through the thick wooden doors like they were made of paper. Many guards rush in to see the problem, worried the Masters were under attack, only to stop as a deep vibrating growl echoes the room. "WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY ANYTHING?" he snarls at me, his dark eyes wide with rage. "For that reason alone" I state bravely. I was fearful of him, but I did not fear him. Make sense? A wave of calm rolls over me as Marcus stalks towards where I stood his eyes black, only a thin line of white was left to be seen. "They change in the day" I squeak out quickly, automatically, as his form shook off the calm. Normally, if this were any other vampire, I wouldn't be so terrified. However, he was my sire and he was fucking scary. If you weren't scared of him like this, well, then you're just plain stupid. "I CARE NOT!" he snarls, eyes going completely black now. "EVERYONE NEEDS TO LEAVE" Aro roars furiously, standing from his throne while taking off his robe in one swift move, ready to pounce if need be. I stood terrified as the man I have come to see as a father and mentor stalks towards me in fury. His form was straight, hands tense but not formed into claws like most would do when this furious. "Marcus" my mate's voice, or warning, reaches his ears stilling him instantly. "She lied to us! She could have… She could have…" Marcus repeats and trails off, shaking his head a bit as if to clear some haze. "They are shifters" Caius sooths, but even I could see the anger. Given the situation and the story Caius had told me about Didyme, I should have told them this long ago. "They helped me get here. The wolves were protecting my father" I choke out looking away. "You should have told us!" he snaps back instantly, my eyes burning with venom. "Well I needed to protect them! You know of all people, if I told you I had a family of shifters, you would go and kill them because they are WOLVES! DO NOT DENY IT! You wouldn't be this pissed if I said they were bears or even fucking purple three eyed jumping beans" I hiss out, refusing now to be afraid or ashamed of what I had done. I never mentioned the wolves for this reason. "They are made to attack vampires who come onto their land and threaten their people. They don't go out