Author name: TheDarkestFallingStar/WhiteWolfLegend Title of Story: Ambiguous Emotions Rating: M Pairing: Bella/Felix Genre: Romance/Fantasy/Sci-Fi Word Count: 5,826 Story Summary: Every monster knew my name, I was The Reaper. I was what the supernatural saw before they found themselves facing the last stretch of their life before the infinite darkness took them. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Bella POV – 1664 It was hard, my job. Watching as the many souls around me began to die, wither like a delicate flower in the snow. But then, that's what they are, delicate. Their souls, which are their strength, begin to age and dim with their life choices, their sins. It was a fascinating thing to watch, but I grew tired of reaping the souls; all familiar and yet unique. "They're this way!" A man, his hair a golden yellow bellowed into the night, his finger pointed to the darkened cobble streets ahead. My brows rose and I felt compelled to follow, he was to be reaped tonight it was a pity he was a pure soul, a rare one at that in these days. My skin prickled as I followed, sticking close to the darkened walls as my eyes scan for the reasons that he, the man was to meet his fate at my hands. Though, a hiss escaped my lips as my eyes landed on the hungry black eyes of the vampire that waited for him, his teeth gleaming as he launched forward and latched himself to the man's jugular. The beast twirled him around, the blue eyes locking onto mine instantly and I near collapsed with the force of information that poured out of the man's soul. Carlisle Cullen… twenty three… don't reap… DON'T REAP! SAVE! Will save many to come, he needs to live! Save him! SAVE HIM! A scream left my lips, causing the beast to drop the now changing human at his feet, the pure soul being consumed by the darkness of the vampire's venom. I flew out from the shadows, the moons light capturing my grey sunken form, causing the monster to cower. Every monster knew me, I was the reaper, and the only reaper left that was of the originals that could kill them. I was what the supernatural saw before they found themselves facing the last stretch of their life. Those that reap the humans can only be seen by those of the dying and dead, they were permanently in their reap form while I can change to that of my 'human' disguise and be seen by many and all that I choose. "Your black soul is mine!" I hiss, my hand sinking into the vampire's chest and grasping onto what was left of the tattered tainted ick that was his soul. I hummed in pleasure as I felt the life force begin to fade as it sunk into my flesh, giving me the power I needed for now. I yanked my hand back and watched the vampire begin to smoulder and then crumble, its ashes spreading across the lands. Grumbling, I turn to the man at my feet, his eyes wide open as he silently screamed. What to do with him , I could not kill him or allow those he was with kill him as well. Frowning I lifted the male – Carlisle – into my arms and ranas the sound of footsteps began to grow close. I shifted both him and me through the wall and into an old Potato Cellar. I half covered him with the foul smelling food and looked down at him blankly, his eyes still staring at me. "Don't make me regret saving you Carlisle, you were on my list to be reaped. Do not think I won't reap you come future." I warn him darkly before disappearing into the night once more. - 1665 - A harsh sigh left my lips as the townspeople around me shifted from being reaped to continue on living. I had been asked by one of the Human Reapers to come to the town and take over; investigate so to speak . It had no clue on what was going on and was growing frail with not feeding on the souls due to the flux in the reap not to reap. Someone or thing was messing with the balance and in that caused the reaper to not do its job and letting those that need to die live. I flickered from shadow to shadow unseen by all to the forest where the source of the cause lay. My eyes shifted through the trees and other forest related things, landing on the small hidden cave of a rock cliff near the village and a familiar figure. A snarl screech left my lips causing the man's head to jerk up, his black eyes scanning the area. Cullen, I hiss as I flickered towards him, my hand high ready to reap only to stop. I could still not reap him, my body jerking to a stop near the opening his eyes looking right through me. "Hmm, interesting. Why are you so important Mister Cullen?" I hum too soft for his ears as I continued to stare at him. I could tell he hadn't killed; there were no marks on his soul that listed as such. "Why won't you feed?" I ask, moving slightly to get a better look at him just as a herd of deer's moved forth and he pounced. "Why did you help him Fae?" I ask, turning to the woman sitting above me on the branch, her little purple eyes staring wide back at me. "Speak child, I have no time for games." I hiss causing her eyes to darken to blue. "He was Unknown Fae, there was other way to live and I gave it. My family debt to his is paid." Was all she muttered before merging back into the trees causing me to frown and look back upon the now well fed Vampire before me. "It seems you have fate on your side Mister Cullen." I hum before moving back towards down, smirking as everything went back to normal. The Reaper who came to find me nodded in thanks before flickering away to do its job. - 1863 - Ahh the battlefield, not just that of the American Civil war but that of the Vampiric Wars. I had been in the free world since the beginning of these wars, it had started with a selfish vampire and I was glad, extremely so as I had reaped many immortal lives including that of the monster Benito. " Malak al-Mawt!" My eyes snapped to the flickering soul that called for my attention. " Jinn!" I hiss back, my reaper voice causing him to wince. "There is a request I must ask." The Jinn stated, his eyes glowing a brilliant blue. My brows rose with interest as I drifted closer, it was rare that a creature of the supernatural came to me, even more so for them to request something. "A Jinn asking for assistance? Hm, what is it you wish for me to do Jinn? I am a reaper… unless; you don't want me to reap someone I thought your kind died honourably and accepted their fate?" I ask curiously, the cracks in his skin glowing bright as he bared his teeth in anger. "Yes, but one of my kin is turning, he was born FaeJinn. I was told by my clan's seer that he would die when he should not. To be an immortal, he will kill many but he is needed. That an Original will need him and his venom brother." My brows rose as I took this in, it was interesting and I knew that Jinn Seer's were always correct. "Take me to your kin and I will see if he is to be reaped or not. A FaeJinn is rare, not often do you see fire and smoke breed with earth and trees." I hiss intrigued as I followed the Jinn to a river, three vampires stood crouched over a man, his wide grey eyes swirling with pain as he tried to break free of the black souls that feasted upon him. I flickered closer, my eyes staring deep into his grey orbs. There were so many marks upon his soul, his fragile soul that once was pure. He was to be reaped nothing screaming that I should not do my job. " P…Please…" He croaked out, begging as he stared right at me. Jasper Whitlock… twenty… Will kill thousands of souls…. Souls not ready to be reaped… Reap…. Reap… I looked back at the Jinn and shook my head, I had no reason to inform him of my decision, you could not harm death nor could you kill me. I raised my hand, my robe drifting out in a flutter as I moved to touch the man's head. "Wait, please. My soul for his!" The Jinn cried, causing me to pause and snap my eyes to his. "Your soul is no use to me; no more important than that of those he will slaughter. Thousands of innocents will die and change by his hands, souls corrupted and lost." I hiss furious as I point my bony finger to the near death human before returning to the task at hand. "I will owe you a favour." My brows rose at this, a favour from a Jinni, a royal Jinni none the less. Without thinking of the consequences I nod. "Fine, I will call upon you when I need you. If you are to perish then I will seek a member of your clan and they will deliver your debt." I inform him before moving my head next to the leader. " Save him, he will be worth it… Let him change…" I hiss causing her head to snap up; her hands yanking back the other two. With that I left, continuing on to the battlefields and joining the fellow Human Reapers. - 2005 - I had grown bored of this world, this disastrous world. I longed for my home, the very home that was ripped from my kind and forced us here to what we considered at the time peaceful, then one by one we all fell. We fell for the humans and then we fell to our own destruction. As the humans grew on this earth, so did their greed and hatred, destroying the purity of their souls and making us reap less and less to the point we withered away or turned into the Human Reapers. I pushed on, everything within me screaming I was needed and so I was. The supernatural race had started and I found that the withered forms of my brethren could not reap those that wished or were to die, though the souls were tainted they supplied me of the power I needed to go on. It was then that I had made my reputation of being the Immortal Reaper with ambiguous emotions. I was the voice of yay or nay, it was me and my instincts that dared to reap or not reap many often it was reap. "Reaper," I turn, my eyes locking onto the reason I was in this small rainy town. "Witch," I reply with a smirk, my human form's lips pulling into an uncomfortable smile. "It is good to see you Isabella." She hummed while smiling, her eyes twinkling with age and mirth. "And you as well Lenore. How it little Angela?" I ponder as I move towards my only friend. I had found her begging to her gods for the safety and life of her little daughter, a daughter that would save many. I had given her the gift of her prayers and had become friends, a very long start of friendship. She chuckles before grasping my hands, hers slightly withered that what they were years ago. "She isn't so little