Hey, y'all. I just want to warn you that this story definitely earns its M rating. Everything Everlark does in my writing comes from a place of love. That being said, sometimes Everlark want to get a little down and dirty ;) Thanks for reading and I would love a review to let me know what you think. I don't own the Hunger Games or any of the characters therein. Open to Me I'm exhausted as I lumber up the porch stairs arriving home after a fourteen hour shift at the bakery. I frequently endure long days like this since I opened the business six months ago. I have two assistants that help, but when scheduling conflicts arise, I'm usually the one that covers it. It's my bakery after all and both of my employees have spouses and children that, rightly, are their priority. The only thing I want right now is to get inside and let Katniss draw a hot bath that we can soak in together. The thought of her sitting behind me with her legs wrapped around my waist and her strong hands kneading the knotted muscles of my shoulders and back makes me want to weep with longing. But I should know better than to get my hopes up for that; the past few weeks have been difficult for us… I've come to realize that the intimacy that we have achieved over the year and a half since I returned to the district is a very fragile thing. If you would have told me two weeks ago that Gale's return to the district would almost entirely erase the closeness between me and Katniss I would never have believed you… But here we are. The three months preceding his return had probably been the happiest of my life. Following the night when Katniss and I made love for the first time and she finally admitted that she loved me- ' Real' she had whispered in a voice thin from exhaustion and gruff from her deep moans- we had barely been able to keep our hands off each other. It is amazing how quickly I became accustom to having her several times a day, whenever the urge took us and wherever we happened to be. She still had some reservations, some intimacies she wouldn't allow, but I was succeeding in whittling them down every day. Until one morning two weeks ago when our doorbell had rang unexpectedly and Gale Hawthorne was on the other side. Hazel had decided that she wanted to move back to District 12 with Vic and Posy (Rory was opting to move to District 2 with Gale), and so Gale had come to help her with the move and make sure she was settled in. It's obvious to me that Hazel's move offered the perfect opportunity for him to check-up on Katniss, as well. I can't say I necessarily blame him; if the situations were reversed I wouldn't be able to resist doing the same. I would like him to just leave, but I don't blame him for wanting to come- and I don't blame him for what has happened between me and Katniss since… The blame for that rests solely with Katniss. As soon as I open the door to our house the frustration that has been simmering under the surface for the past two weeks sparks up despite my exhaustion. The entire house is dark and quiet as though she hasn't been home all day. I don't know why I expected anything else; she has spent nearly every hour of sunlight for several days in the woods with Gale. They have brought in enough meat together that our freezer, along with Hazel's and Haymitch's are packed full, and we've had to start giving it away. I'm honest enough to admit that the feeling that is eating away inside me is jealousy. I know Katniss would never actually do anything with Gale- she would never be so disloyal. What bothers me is the thought that maybe she regrets that she can't . I am terrified that with their tentative reconciliation she is realizing that she does have feelings for him after all. And I can't help but think that this must be the case. What else other than deep genuine feelings for him could cause her to even consider forgiving him for his role in Prim's death? Sighing loudly I attempt to push down the bitterness that is threatening to well up inside me. I drag myself upstairs to the bathroom attached to our bedroom and run the shower as hot as I think I can stand it. I'm not sure how long I stand their letting the hot jets beat down on my sore muscles. It is doing nothing to relax me. In fact, it seems as though the hotter my skin gets the angrier I become. I have enough self-awareness to realize that I am not the same boy I was a few years ago. The games changed me- the Capitol changed me. There was a time when I would have just blindly accepted any scrap of herself that Katniss was willing to give to me, but the past few weeks has showed me that I am no longer willing to accept that. I was prepared to die for this girl, I endured torture for this girl, my mind was robbed from me and yet I found some way to come back to her! And now Gale-fucking-Hawthorne was going to just waltz in here after everything and just erase all we had worked for, all we had built together! I am fucking fuming by the time I hear her arrive home, calling out for me from downstairs. I shut off the shower, wrap a towel around my waist, and storm out of the bathroom, my prosthetic slipping on the tiled floor as I go. I am just retrieving a duffle bag out of our closet as I hear her enter the bedroom. "There you are," she says as though I am the one who has been gone all day- as though I am the one whose presence has been unaccounted for for the past several days. "Yup. Here I am," I say as I yank open my top dresser drawer and begin stuffing fistfuls of whatever I grab into the bag. "What are doing?!" she asks, her voice escalating. I snort derisively, "I'm not going to play passive aggressive with you, Katniss. I'm fucking leaving, what does it look like?" The look of shock and panic on her face just pisses me off even more. What kind of spineless piece of shit must she see me as to assume that I would just wait idly by why she spends every waking moment with another man? "Peeta, what's going on?! What happened?!" "Why don't you tell me?! I have been at work all day- fourteen fucking hours! You were the one who was off traipsing around the woods with another man! The same fucking thing you've been doing for days now! So why don't you tell me what has happened?!" I begin breathing hard through my nose, trying to calm down, because I don't want my anger to trigger a flashback. I now see a flash of anger join the panic in her eyes and she grabs the bag in my hand and yanks it. The movement is unexpected and she succeeds in pulling it out of my hands. "You were the one who encouraged me to spend time with Gale, Peeta! You were the one that said I should try to forgive him- that it might help me heal and move on! So, what, now you are going to accuse me of fucking him?!" "I haven't accused you of anything! But you have to admit that there is vast difference between trying to forgive him and what has happened here! So I just want you to come out and say it! I want you to tell me what we both know-" "What are you talking about?!" "YOU WANT HIM INSTEAD!" I scream, giving up any hope to control my temper. "You have wanted him so much that it doesn't even matter that he murdered your sister… and you want him now…" She steps back involuntarily as though I just smacked her in the face. "How could you possibly say that to me? How could you ever say that Prim's death doesn't matter to me?" she asks with quiet intensity. I pull the bag I was using to pack out of her hands and look away. I know bringing Prim into this is a low blow. "I'll just get out of your way, Katniss. There may have been a time when I would've acted like a dog at your table, begging for scraps, but I'm not that man anymore." I shove a couple more items in the bag and turn to march out of the room not caring that I am still wearing nothing but a bath towel around my waist. " Peeta!" she screams, her voice shrill with panic. "Please don't do this! I don't want Gale. I have never wanted Gale! Not the way I want you." I pause but don't turn around as I say, "You don't want me… You haven't wanted anything to do with me since he arrived." "That's not fair," she says, coming up behind me and placing a hand on my shoulder to turn me around. "You have your share of the blame for the distance between us, too. I wasn't even going to see him and you convinced me that I should." I just stare over her head at a spot on the wall, avoiding her imploring eyes. When I don't respond to this she continues, "So I agreed to hear him out, for you. And when I got home that night you wouldn't even look at me." I can't deny the truth in her words. I did encourage her to talk to Gale, because I honestly did believe that it would help her to lay some demons to rest. I didn't expect her to actually willingly start spending time with him. And I didn't count on the fact that the thought of her reconciling with him would eat at me the way it did. That night when we went to bed was the first time since our relationship became sexual that I didn't reach for to initiate something. "Dammit, Katniss. You know that doesn't justify the fact that you have frozen me out for the past two weeks," I say quietly, still not looking at her, my jaw flexing as I clench my teeth in an attempt to conceal the depth of the emotion currently surging through me. I feel her small, cool hands on either side of my bare waist and she places a small soft kiss to the center of my chest, just over my heart. "You didn't want me that night… It was the first time you didn't want me." She pauses for a long time and then, "I was afraid you wouldn't want me at all anymore." She never has handled vulnerability well. Her last words finally induce me to look at her and her silver eyes are full of heat and wet with emotion. "You have to stop shutting me out, Katniss. You have to stop putting up barriers between us." "I don't have any barriers-" "Bull shit!" I cut her off. "I want you to drop all of the reservations. I am always open with you, so attuned to you that I feel raw. But you're not. I want you to trust me completely, but you won't-" "I do trust you completely!" I shake my head, and look down. "No you don't." " Yes I do!" she says emphatically, sliding her hands down my waist to push the towel off my hips. "What are you doing, Katniss?" I ask finding her eyes again. I am ashamed to