Okay, here's the thing. This started out as a one-shot for the History prompt in Piece in Their Game Awards on tumblr. It is currently looking like it is going to be a two-shot… But , I have sooo many ideas for this universe that I could see it potentially becoming a multi-chaptered fic once I finish my current WIP, When You Were Young. This chapter is pretty tame, but Part 2 will definitely earn the story's M rating, so consider yourself warned. I don't own The Hunger Games or any of its characters… Go Down In Flames, Part 1 "He's back!" Katniss doesn't even bother to look up from the wooden barrel she is trying to tap as she hears Delly's excited words. Furrowing her brow she responds distractedly as she unsuccessfully tries to insert the spigot again, "Who's back?" "The sharpshooter! You know the one: hair like golden wheat at sunset, a smile that'd make ya swoon, and a behind that'd make ya weep to the lord in gratitude…" Katniss' head snaps up at this to discover the buxom blonde staring off into space dreamily. She tries to ignore the swooping sensation in her stomach caused by Delly's words and attempts to sound casual as she asks, "How do you know he's back?" "Jo told me," Delly answers with a knowing smile, leaning on the bar so that her ample cleavage is threatening to spill out of her low cut bodice. "She just got back from dropping off our post and said she saw him while she was out." Damn, Katniss thinks to herself. This was going to be so inconvenient. Every time he came through town he seemed to upset the balance her life. He never stayed very long, but she couldn't focus on anything the entire time he was around. She tried not to let it affect her, but whenever he was near she was just too aware of his presence- following him with her eyes whenever he was in the saloon and anticipating his return every time he left to carryout business around town. The problem was that he was just too damn good looking… and well he knew it. Not to mention the fact that he had enough charisma to charm a snake without a flute. No doubt about it, that man could easily make a good woman go bad and then go back for seconds. But Katniss couldn't afford to think that way about any man. It was dangerous enough for a female alone in this rough wilderness was, but even more so for Katniss, being a female bartender at the rowdy Capitol Saloon. She knew that being tough and aloof, that commanding respect and showing no signs of vulnerability, were essential to her survival. And the cruel reality of Katniss' world was that, since she was a half breed, if anybody did hurt or take advantage of her, most people would look the other way. There was no hope for justice for a woman like her in this harsh land. But she had it pretty good at the Capitol Saloon. As long as she did her job well she could count on the protection of the proprietor. Haymitch Abernathy may be an old drunk, but he was a good man otherwise. When Katniss had stumbled into town 12 years ago as a young girl without a penny to her name or a soul in the world she could call friend, Abernathy had taken her in, offered her work, and protected her from the fate that so many friendless women succumb to. At the age of 23, Katniss had experienced enough tragedy in her life that she was willing to thank her lucky stars for what she did have. She had steady work, she a roof over her head, and she the reasonable assurance of safety. And she liked it at Abernathy's place. The people here were her only family now. Haymitch looked out for her almost like a father- as long as she looked past his surly, pessimistic nature. The saloon girls, Delly, Madge and Johanna, were her sisters. Greasy Sae, who did the cooking, was like a grandmother to her. And Sae's assistant, little Rue, whose young life had witnessed more tragedy than even Katniss could claim, was like the darling little sister that Katniss had lost in the raid that had also claimed both of her parents' lives. It's Madge's words that snap Katniss out of her thoughts, "Hmmm, he just left town the last time what, five, six months ago?" Katniss looks up as the beautiful blonde approaches the bar. She knows that, in fact, it has only been four months since last time the gunslinger graced them with his presence, but she doesn't say anything. She doesn't want anybody to know that she's been keeping track. "Seems like he's been making this stop more and more regular," Madge continues. "Well, maybe there is somethin' here drawin' him back?" Delly adds with a giggle and a wink in Katniss' direction. Delly isn't too bright, but she sure is intuitive. Katniss snorts dismissively and says, "I don't know what you think you're insinuating. I haven't had a thing to do with that man." "Yeah, Delly, what are you insinuating?" This time it's Johanna, who in her usual brazen manner is calling across the room from the stairs she is currently descending to insert herself into the conversation. "We all know that Everdeen here is colder than a witch's tit when it comes to men. Why, I bet her twat's drier than Ol' Greasy Sae's!" She laughs hysterically to herself as though she's said something brilliant. "You're disgusting!" Madge speaks up as Johanna approaches the bar that the rest of them are gathered around. It's still too early in the day for the girls to have much to do. Men requiring them to ply their trade probably won't be showing up for another few hours. In fact, the only patron in the saloon right now is Cato, a regular that Haymitch forbids to have anything to do with the girls anymore. He's meaner than a snake and twice as dumb- and hurting women is his favorite way to get off. Johanna rolls her eyes at Madge and says, "I've never known a whore to be such a prude. You're not livin' with your rich daddy anymore, Princess. You should maybe start getting used to words like 'twat.'" Madge just shakes her head and chooses not to respond, clearly seeing that any attempt to correct Jo's manners would be futile. Katniss turns around to continuing her attempt to tap the barrel- it's a convenient excuse to avert her face so the others can't see the blush that Johanna's words cause. If only they knew… Katniss was anything but cold when it came to the handsome cowboy currently under discussion. She'd put her hands between her legs with his image swimming in her mind more times than she cared to recall. Just because she has chosen not to keep company with a man doesn't mean she's above wanting one from time to time. In fact, a few years back she even tried to have a fling with the smithy- an ill-fated attempt that that didn't last for more than a few weeks. Gale Hawthorne was a nice man, and had since become a good friend to her, but his clumsy efforts at lovemaking had either hurt or left her more frustrated than she had been beforehand, so she didn't put up with that for too long. Rumor had it that he was now keeping company with Madge (free of charge), which was just fine with Katniss. Maybe the prostitute could teach him a thing or two. With one last shove and twist Katniss finally succeeds in inserting the spigot. "Ha!" she declares in triumph, wiping the beer that leaked onto her hands on her denim clad legs. She buys her clothes ready-made at the general store a few doors down- the boys' sizes fit her small, slender frame perfectly. Wearing men's clothing helps to further separate her from being seen as one of the saloon girls. If the flashy, low cut dresses Madge, Delly, and Jo wear are meant to attract a man's gaze, then Katniss' get-up is intended to deter it at all cost. "Well," Delly declares, looking at Katniss, "if you're not going to stake a claim on that fine specimen of man tonight than I will!" Johanna snorts, "Not if I get to him first! You had him last time!" "Nuh uh! I've never had him!" "You haven't?" Johanna asks, bewildered, "Neither have I…" She looks over at Madge, "I didn't figure him for a man who would go for the prissy princess type." "Don't look at me!" Madge says. "He's never been in my bed." "What? How is that possible? We're the only whores in this two-bit town. You mean to tell me a man like that has been comin' through this town regular for the better part of two years and ain't never gotten his jollies off with any of us?" Johanna asks skeptically. "Look, I know I've been with a lot men, but I'd remember one that pretty if I'd had him!" Madge proclaims, laughing. Damn , Katniss thinks to herself for a second time . It was hard enough trying not to want him before. Now she had the added knowledge that he has never slept with any of her friends. Hardly any man comes through this town and doesn't have a go at one of the Capitol's girls. The last thing Katniss needed was to start thinking that, on top of being more handsome than the devil, this sharp shooter might just be a decent man, to boot. Katniss was having trouble figuring out how, despite the fact that the saloon was busier tonight than it had been in weeks, or maybe even months, she had somehow managed to keep track of the sharp shooter for the entire six hours since he'd arrived. The first two hours he spent up in his room- which had put Katniss on edge, because she spent the entire time envisioning him up their soaking in the hip bath he had ordered, shaving and combing his hair, walking around his room naked… other things a man might do in his private moments… When he had finally come downstairs- scrubbed clean, face smooth shaven, sporting a pair of fresh duds- he had looked so good it made her feel weak in the knees. He had become quite popular in this town and Katniss had no doubt that it was his presence here that had caused the saloon to be so full tonight. He was currently sitting at a table surrounded by a rapt audience, which included both Delly and Johanna, regaling the group with the tale of an exceptionally exciting shooting challenge he had recently participated in. She still had no idea what his real name was, but she had heard several people refer to him as Johnny Yank. She could only assume that he had earned the nickname by having gone turncoat during the war, a southern boy who chose to fight for the Union Army. No matter how hard she tried she couldn't seem to take her eyes off him as he held his audience captive with only his words, which fell effortlessly off his tongue- a skill Katniss had never mastered. He looks up unexpectedly, meeting Katniss' eyes for what is surely the hundredth time that night. Katniss looks away quickly, berating herself for having gotten caught staring at him yet again. She turns her back to the room, deliberately trying to refocus her attention as Rue comes up to gather the round of drinks Katniss just poured. Rue is only twelve, and small for her age at that, but she is strong and hardworking. Having come from a life where she was forced to work hard for