This one shot was written for round 5, day 5 of the Prompts in Panem challenge on tumblr. The prompt challenge that inspired this fic was "Peach Blossom: I Am Your Captive." I owe huge thanks to titania522 for being an awesome (and fast!) beta and gozips28 for being supportive and believing my writing is worth a damn even when I don't. They are both awesome ladies and awesome friends. Please let me know what you think! I am a whore for feedback! Leave a review! ;) As always, thank you so much for reading and I hope you enjoy! "Lord, it's slow tonight." The sound of Rue's voice distracts me from my absent minded task as she approaches the hostess stand behind me. "Yeah, tell me about," I sigh, pointing the butter knife in my right hand at the enormous pile of rolled silverware I have accumulated in an attempt to keep myself busy. Rue pulls the plastic container of chop sticks closer to her and begins sticking them into the open end of the silverware sets stacked between us. We work together in companionable silence for several more minutes, during which nobody comes through the door, until the silverware bins are empty. This is why I like Rue. She doesn't feel the need to fill every minute with mindless chatter- definitely a rarity amongst sixteen year old girls. "So, Darius was asking me about you," Rue finally says with a sly grin as we stack the silverware in a bin to carry back to the kitchen. I roll my eyes at her, deciding that maybe she is a little more like the other girls her age than I thought. "Oh yeah? What was he asking?" I already know of course. Darius is the dishwasher, and the only employee here other than Rue who isn't Vietnamese. He has been trying to get me to agree to go out with him for a while. Rue tilts her head down and gives me a look from under her eyelashes, indicating that he was asking exactly what I knew he would be asking. "He wanted to know if you had a man, of course." "What did you tell him?" "I told him you didn't," she says, smiling. "Rue! You could've helped me out you, know. Aren't girls supposed to look out for each other against unwanted advances?" I ask in exasperation. "Well, I don't see why it's so unwanted," she states matter-of-factly. "He is cute. He's nice. Funny… A student just like you are. Why are you always shootin' him down?" I shake my head at her as I prop the full bin on my hip and walk toward the kitchen, not even dignifying her question with an answer as she follows behind me. The fact is, I am just not interested in Darius. I have not been interested in any guys for a long time… a really long time. Three years in fact. Three long, lonely, sexually frustrating years. But working two jobs on top of going to school full-time definitely puts a damper on my personal life. Not to mention the one and only guy I've ever been with, my high school boyfriend, Gale, left me feeling like guys and dating are more trouble than they're worth. Gale never did anything to me that I couldn't have done better myself. Besides, I never caught my vibrator in bed with my best friend, which is more than I can say for that dick head. Thankfully I am diverted from the dark path my thoughts are headed down as I emerge from the kitchen to see a man waiting at the hostess stand. He is standing politely, observing the nearly empty restaurant and I have a brief moment to observe him as I approach. He is not exceptionally tall, but his nicely fitted dark jeans and light blue sweater reveal a lean, well-built frame. I'm guessing he must be on a date even though I don't see a girl with him- his clothing clearly chosen with care, blonde curls arranged perfectly. "Good evening," I say, plastering my 'customer' smile on my face. "Thanks for wait-" my voice falters embarrassingly as he turns toward me and I get my first good glimpse of his face. I am immediately struck by the warm smile that slips just a bit as his eyes land on me. He recovers much more quickly than I do, however, and the generous smile is back by the time he responds. "No problem. My, uh, date isn't here yet anyway, so I'm just waiting." I feel somewhat transfixed by his lips as I watch him speak. His bottom lip generous, almost bordering on too full for a man… Almost but not quite. I drag my gaze away from his mouth and immediately regret it, feeling my heart skitter when I encounter the clearest blue eyes I have ever seen. The effect is enhanced by lashes so long that they appear lush despite the fact that they are blonde, just a shade darker than his hair and his long straight brows. What was that I was just thinking about not being interested in any guys? Because I think I may have to revise that stance after seeing this guy. He's gorgeous. Not only beautiful, but also really fucking hot. It takes a concerted effort for me to actually make my brain start functioning past the running catalogue it is currently taking of everything that I find sexy about him. "So you need a table for two?" I manage to finally ask, forcibly tearing my eyes away from him and down to the nearly empty chart of the dining room. "Yeah, I actually made a reservation," he says with a soft chuckle as he looks back toward the dining room. "Thank god. Don't know if I could've gotten a table otherwise." His lame joke actually elicits a rare laugh and genuine smile from me and I am surprised to see his smile slip slightly again. "So you must be, Mr. Mellark? Peeta?" I ask, noting that this is the one and only reservation on the book for tonight. His only response is a slightly dazed nod, and before I can question his response too deeply we are interrupted by the tinkling of the little bell on the door, signaling the arrival of who could only be Peeta's date. As she enters I take a moment to lament how utterly unfair the world is. This is the kind of girl that makes all the rest of us feel small and course and inadequate. And she is the antithesis of me in every way - tall, thin and statuesque, with long flowing honey blonde hair that cascades down her back in perfect loose curls. Her legs are long, her skirt is short, and her heels are high- so much so that she towers over Peeta a bit ridiculously as she approaches him. "You must be Peeta," she says, raking her eyes up and down his body brazenly as she extends her hand palm down and bent at the wrist, as though she expects him to kiss her hand. It takes every ounce of will power I possess not to roll my eyes at the gesture, and I'm not actually even sure I succeed. Peeta grabs her hand and, rather than raising it to his lips as she expects, gives it an awkward little shake instead. I catch the laugh that burbles up in me just in time and it gets trapped in my nose as an ungraceful snort. Peeta glances at me briefly out of the corner of his eye and I can tell that he is just as amused by this exchange as I am. "Glimmer, right?" he asks, his attention back on her. "It's nice to meet you." She plasters a smile on her heavily made-up face and I find myself repressing another laugh. Glimmer? Seriously? I grab two menus and gesture for them to follow me, trying hard to not think too deeply about the sense of relief I feel as I realize that this is a blind date. A first date… Maybe it will go horribly , I think ungraciously. After I have seated them I hand over the menus and begin giving them the spiel about tonight's specials. As I talk Glimmer is looking at the menu with a pinched look on her face, as though she finds something distasteful there, but Peeta keeps his eyes trained on me. I find it extremely distracting and try to avoid looking at him at all as I run through my memorized speech, but I still have the strangest sensation, like his eyes are burning through me. "Okay, well let me know if you need anything. Dao will be your server tonight and she will be right with you," I say finally, turning to leave. "Thank you, um-" Peeta responds, his tone expectant. "Katniss." "Katniss," he repeats, flashing that damn smile again. "Thank you, Katniss." I nod, diverting my gaze and scurrying back to the hostess stand, my heart hammering in my chest for no good reason. No good reason other than the fact that the sound of my name on his lips sent a jolt of heat through me that I haven't felt in a long time. Or maybe ever. I stand there, pretending I am looking over the reservation list when, in reality, I am actually straining to overhear Peeta and Glimmer's awkward, first date small talk. "This place is really small," Glimmer says, and her tone makes it clear that it is a judgment and not an observation. I finally indulge in the eye roll I have been repressing since she arrived. Yeah , I think, that's the way to win him over: let insulting his restaurant choice be your first topic of conversation. "Yeah, it is a bit, I guess," Peeta responds politely. "But I have been wanting to try it for a while. My gym is directly across the street. The name is really funny, so I figured the place deserves a shot, right?" I smile to myself glad to see that Peeta appreciates my uncle's little joke, but glancing over at them I see Glimmer staring at him blankly. This woman must be an idiot. "I guess I don't see what you mean," she finally responds. "Oh, um, it's called Pho King, you know, like fuh-king… fucking…" he trails off and clears his throat awkwardly as she continues to just stare at him totally unamused. I shake my head at the girl's stupidity, satisfied that my hope for their date to crash and burn is coming true. A few days later I am back at my hostess stand, staring absently out the front door at the gym across the street, willing myself to stop thinking about the possibility that I will catch a glimpse of the hot blonde guy from the other night. Peeta. The name echoes through my mind for what seems like the millionth time in less than 72 hours. This has become somewhat of a routine over the past few days. As long as the restaurant is busy I'm fine. But the moment there is a lull I find myself standing here, daydreaming like an idiot, reliving every moment from the other night. I had been absolutely right about his date turning out terribly. In fact, it may have been the worst I can recall seeing in my time working here. And I have seen a lot of dates come through the door of this trendy, intimate restaurant. After the ridiculous girl had insulted the place, she went on to insist that she couldn't understand anything Dao said, even though the waitress actually speaks English beautifully, and then spent the entire hour and a half they were here talking about herself. The one and only question she had asked Peeta about himself was what he did for a living, which she immediately dismissed