Welcome The beginning (meaning the starting point) of this story was inspired by one I read some time ago but can't remember the name of. I solemnly swear that I did not steal the plot or want to take credit that belongs to another, so please acknowledge that. Warning: this story contains swearing, graphic depictions of violence and murder, moral ambiguity and much later smut. Yes, this will be LV/HP eventually but... slowly. Of course I will try to avoid overly OOCness but the characters have to make different decisions than in canon, otherwise we won't have our story. I can not promise a regular update schedule, life is rather busy at the moment, but I have the whole plot written out in notes, so this story will be finished unless I die or World War III breaks out. Also: reviews make me happy and any constructive criticism is welcomed because I really want to improve my writing. So, if you would leave your thoughts you'd really help me and hopefully all other readers when my writing improves. English is not my first language and I fear my education wasn't very consistent concerning British English and American English. I try to write BE but mistakes will happen and I'd be much obliged if you could point out any glaring errors I made. Without further ado, I hope you enjoy the little story my mind has concocted. "Expelliarmus!" "Avada Kedavra!" He felt the Elder Wand being ripped from his hand almost as if the wand was glad. Glad to be reunited with it's true master. So it was true... Potter was the true owner of the Death Stick... But there wasn't more time to form another coherent line of thought as his vision was consumed in green and then with a rush descended into darkness. When he came to it was to darkness again but it seemed to be slowly pierced by light, softly illuminating his perception. Then it came to him that he had a perception at all, which was... strange... unexpected maybe? Because he was pretty sure that he must be dead. His own Killing Curse had hit him and since he hadn't been forcefully ejected from his body like last time... well and with all his Horcruxes destroyed apparently... being dead was the logical conclusion to arrive at. And in all his terrified musings about what death would be like and in all his attempts to avoid it, it had never occurred to him that his mind and perceptiveness would be still intact. Yet... Slowly he started to take stock of his surroundings. In wondrous amazement he discovered that the light softly penetrating the darkness around him was caused by an external source of illumination, flittering through his eyelids. Eyelids! Salazar! If he had eyelids then... Slowly, hesitantly he tried to capitalize from this new discovery and attempted to use them. Like butterfly wings they fluttered open, only to instantly clench shut tightly when the surrounding light proved to be too offensive for what must be his eyes. However, never one to be deterred by unfavorable circumstances, he tried again and was after a few more attempts successful. What he saw however... Well, it was literally nothing. Or to be more accurate: whiteness. Everything was white, whiter than freshly fallen snow. And it stretched on, and on, and on. No discernible shape or contrast in sight. Nothing to provide a backdrop against this glaring brightness. He deduced quickly that he must lie on some sort of surface, was, however, unable to discern for how far it stretched. Frustratingly, the body he inhabited appeared to be difficult to navigate. The muscles seemed too weak and the proportions all out of bounds. Only awkward angles and sharp edges. After an unreasonably lengthy struggle with his vessel he managed to bring his hands into his line of sight. While a part of his mind noticed that he was panting from the exertion and wasn't it curious that even in death he required oxygen, the bigger part only thought loudly and evocatively: What. The. Fuck? No, seriously: what the hell? While his palms were almost comically small his fingers were unrealistically elongated. There seemed to be no flesh between the bones and his skin. If the tissue covering his appendages could be classified as skin. It was red, raw and bleeding. Steadily oozing blood and other liquids. With the realization that he was hurt came the pain. He gritted his teeth. It was not the worst pain he had ever endured. Nevertheless, the accompanying circumstances made for a rather bleak assessment of the entire situation. He was wounded, helpless and stranded in a world of endless white. His body could only be operated under pain and tired easily. Oh, and he was fucking dead! Suddenly his mind lost its clinical detachment and the emotions came crashing down like thunder. Anger. Hate. Fear. Panic. Pain. And with the tempestuous raging of emotions came another far more horrifying realization. Ever since he was a child his magic had always responded to his emotions. This phenomenon had continued throughout his whole life, even when he had only been a spirit. His magic had always been there: burning under his skin, melting on his tongue and cracking like static at his fingertips. But now... his emotions raged a war inside of him and yet his magic remained silent. He tried to coax it, force it, bend it to his will. Whispered the easiest and most basic spells under his breath. But to no avail. Inexplicably his magic did not respond. Naturally this sparked a veritable panic, terror consumed him and when he opened his eyes again, without the knowledge to have closed them, he had to admit that one: he seemed to have fainted in his hysteria. He would probably care if his fucking magic wouldn't have been gone and he wouldn't have been trapped in infinite whiteness in a parody of a human body. And two: he had no idea how to change his circumstances. The second realization left him much chagrined. He had never felt so helpless. Not even when he possessed no body or when he had learned about the destruction of his Horcruxes. Because he still had his magic then, thank you very much. What to do? What to do? "Some would say that this is a very bad idea." "I know, I just haven't got a better one." Sometimes he imagined that he could make out shapes. He thought that there was vapour coiling and twisting into something, anything. When he managed to focus on the spot where he believed to have spotted this, however, everything regained smooth unending whiteness. This place, whatever it was, wherever it could be found remained unchanging to him. Only the edges of his vision were teased with the tantalizing possibility of change in this eternity of brightness. The need to chase these potential changes in his surroundings soon vanished when it became clear that every attempt at catching them would remain fruitless. He got the distinct impression that who or what power controlled this place was playing with him. When this idea first crossed his mind he had been angry of course but now... now he was uninvested. Nothing ever changed. There was no form or structure. No colours or shadows. No perceivable flow of time. And no sounds apart from the ones he produced in his minuscule body, that upon further examination reminded him of the husk he had inhabited when Wormtail had found him. Not that any of it mattered. He was slowly but surely becoming apathetic. "There is so much that can go wrong and so little which may go right." "I know." "Your hopes may come true but it is all depending upon happenstance." "I know." "It could turn out worse than before." "I know." An idle mind is the devil's playground. In death he found this to be true. But who would have thought that death would be so uneventful? He certainly hadn't. Childishly perhaps he had always depicted death as never ending darkness -how ironic- or maybe as the Christian interpretation of heaven and hell. He blamed the orphanage, the old hag Cole in particular: "Don't forget to say your prayers before bed." "Bad children won't go to heaven, Tom." "Sinners will be punished in hell." Well, if this was hell -because realistically he couldn't possibly go anywhere else- all the religions certainly had it wrong and the believers would be in for quite the surprise. There were no fiery demons torturing the deceased in the flaming pits of hell but only nothingness and solitude, which he admitted to himself might be even worse because he was slowly going insane. More than he had been before anyway. He could acknowledge that now, that he might have been slightly on the wrong side of mental stability. In retrospect his actions seemed often harsh and confusing. Guided by a steady stream of rage and anger. Damn him, but he had acted like a caricature of what he once was. Deranged where he had been charming, forceful where he had been cunning. Salazar Slytherin must be turning in his grave. Probably. Maybe he could ask him if he showed up. If anyone would ever show up. Even Dumbledore and his condescending self-righteousness would be a welcome distraction from this maddening monotony. He shuddered. This thought alone gave evidence to the direness of his situation. The thought of Dumbledore showing up led to another far more unsettling possibility. His mother. He had never seen her, had had no picture and at the time he had not bothered to salvage an image of her from Morfin's deranged mind. If she were to show up would he recognize her? Would he even want to meet her when the extent of her care for her son had been giving him the name of his despicable father and seeing him only as an extension of the unworthy muggle? Dying on him when she could have lived? When she could have prevented the orphanage? Yes, he would like to see her if only to unleash all these years of frustration and anger onto the woman who had given birth to him. But would she like to see him? Probably not. "I slowly get the impression that you want to talk me out of this." "On the contrary. I simply want you to understand all possible consequences your actions could and will cause." "Believe me I have thought about this... it's not like I feel comfortable with the idea but..." "You see no other option." "Yes... it's a chance, a small one but still... it's better than no chance at all." "Very well. If you wish to proceed I will begin." "... yes, please do." He was in the middle of reciting the important dates of the first goblin rebellion to himself when it started. Without warning everything began to shake violently. A rumble vibrated through him and got louder and louder until his eardrums threatened to burst. Crack! The whiteness around him burst open in several places and darkness seeped through the cracks. Mild panic gripped him, was he going to hell after all? Crack! And then he was falling. There was no light, only darkness. "And in the beginning there was only darkness.", was his last thought until he was swallowed whole. When he came to it was to the distinct smell and flavour of... garlic? And -oh joy- more darkness. He really wished death would be more constant or at least more creative. First white then... "Master?" ...black? "Master?" He knew this voice. Where had he heard it before? Quirrel! Of course! But... how? "Master?", the voice of presumably Quirrel had taken on a distinct undertone of fear. "Quirrel.", he said more question than statement. "Yes, master. How may I serve you?" To say that this was unexpected or downright illogical would be the greatest understatement