AN: Hello! This is my first Harry Potter FF. I've been playing with this idea for a long time now and hope it will be something. I was inspired by Mountain907's story 'Harry Potter and the Cursed Summer'. Check the story out, it was great! I hope you will like it. As always: I do not own Harry Potter. J.K. Rowling does. I only had an idea and was too lazy to make up my own characters. Review on what you liked and disliked and if you liked it, I will write more. Love, Kate . Harry Potter and the Magic of life Chapter One: Back to Surry. Or not. With loud squealing noises came the Hogwarts Express to a stop at the platform of nine-and-three-quarters at Kings Cross Station. As soon as the doors opened hundreds of students spilled from its inside onto the platform, talking, laughing, joking and shouting while searching for waiting parents and siblings. Owls hooted in their cages, cats purred on their owner's arms, other animals rushed through their cages. A lonely toad jumped through the crowd, desperately trying to avoid being squashed under-foot. The Students of Hogwarts School for Witchcraft were ecstatic to be home at last. The summer holidays had begun and for the next eight weeks they could happily forget everything school-related and enjoy their free-time. A group of three people exited one of the last carriages. On girl and two boys. The girl was slender with bushy brown hair, brown eyes and a big red cat in a cat-carrier on her arm. She wore casual jeans and a t-shirt. Over one shoulder she had a backpack slung and was laughing loudly. The boys were very different form their outer appearance. One was taller than the other by far and had a thick mob of red hair on his head, a crook grin while his greenish-blue eyes twinkled with amusement. His face was covered in freckles. He was grinning and rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. He wore old torn jeans and a flannel shirt that too had seen better days over a t-shirt. He carried a pack and a rolled up newspaper in the other hand. The last boy was the girl's height with raven-colored hair, pale skin and deep emerald eyes. His black trousers were turn at the knees and his t-shirt was at least three sizes too big for him. Like the other boy he had his back slung over his right shoulder while a white snow-owl sat on his left one. The empty cage he carried with his left and. He was talking excitedly with the others using his free hand to make wild gestures. "And you should have seen Fudge's face when Sirius transformed back into his old self and just stood there in Dumbledore's office. It took McGonagall, Snape, Lupin, Flitwick, Professor Dumbledore and an Auror named Moody to shut him up, keep him there and keep him from ordering a whole squad of Aurors together with some Dementors right to Dumbledore's office. Who keep that Fudge was so obsessed?" Harry Potter told his friends. They were listening eagerly, wanting to hear everything about the meeting they had not been allowed to attend even though they had played a significant role in its creation if you could phrase it like that. It seemed unreal to each of them that only two weeks ago they had helped solving one of the greatest injustices of their society. The unjust imprisonment of Sirius Black twelve years prior. After the fall of Voldemort, Black had not only been accused to have betrayed Harry's parents to the Dark Lord bit also have caused the death of twelve Muggels and one wizard named Peter Pettigrew. Without a trial he's been sent to the Wizard-Prison Azkaban and left there to rot. But Black, who was also Harry's godfather, had been innocent all Along. Peter Pettigrew had been the one to cause the explosion and then had faked his own death and framed Sirius. Twelve long years the traitor had hidden in his animagus form of a rat at Ron Weasley's home before they had discovered his true identity and confronted him. Sirius, who'd escaped Azkaban thanks to his animagus form showed up too and the truth was finally revealed. The rat had been stunned, bound and brought up to the castle and handed to the Headmaster who had contacted the Ministry of Magic and its Minister. Ten minutes later there had been a whole squad of Aurors who looked stunned when the prisoner was indeed identified as Peter Pettigrew. Madam Bones of the Law Enforcement Department imminently ordered a clarification of the events. So Sirius was brought to the castle after most of the Aurors had left. Under the influence of a strong veritaserum both suspects had been questioned and their answers had been written down. Memories had been examined and statements been taken. With the binding promise of a fair and just trial by both Madam Bones and Cornelius Fudge, if unwillingly from the latter one, Sirius had accompanied them to the Ministry for safe-keeping and surveillance but not as a prisoner. Since then Sirius had written Harry nearly every day, telling him how the trail was progressing and that it was looking more than good for him, seeing that he'd never gotten a trail in first place. The last decision had yet to be made and even then Sirius would have to deal with a lot of other stuff like his Gringotts accounts and Black heritage, the press and reintegrating in the wizard society. But he had promised Harry that this would be the last summer he would have to send at the Dursley's. Permanently. After this summer Sirius would find them a house, formally adopt Harry and then Harry would move in with him. Permanently. That promise made Harry happy enough that he was sure that he could manage the final weeks with his aunt, uncle and cousin just fine. He was already anticipating their faces and reactions when he'd tell them the 'happy news'. So that was the reason why Harry was happier than ever as he, Ron and Hermione left the platform through the gate and entered the real Kings-Cross while pulling their heavy trunks and small cauldrons and brooms and what not. Hermione soon spotted her parents and after tight goodbye-hugs and getting them to promise to write her over the holidays she left. Harry and Ron steered towards the big group of red-heads, Ron's big family. Molly Weasley, Ron's mother greeted them both with tight hugs and Arthur shook Harry's hand. "We heard from Dumbledore. Oh Harry I can't believe it. We're so happy to hear the Sirius is innocent." Mrs. Weasley whispered excitedly. Harry smiled brightly at her. Mr. Weasley smiled too and then said in a mock-scolding voice: "If I remember correctly, I asked you not to go after Black at the beginning of the year." Harry grinned sheepishly. "I know. I'd planned not too but…well it just didn't work." Arthur smiled. "Don't worry. I'm glad you did. We knew Sirius from earlier times. We could never quite believe he was guilty but the evidence pointed towards him. So we just went with it. We're sorry." He said. Harry shrugged. "Its him you'll have to apologize to and honestly, I'm just glad it all worked out in the end." "Still, something like this should never have happened. Sent to Azkaban without a trial…" Harry turned to look at the young man that had spoken. He was tall, his skin was rough and tanned, his stereotypical Weasley-red hair long and in a ponytail and a fang-earring dangled from his ear. He wore sturdy pants and a waistcoat made from what looked like dragon-hide over a snugly fitting shirt with sleeves that went to his elbows. "Charlie Weasley." He introduced himself to Harry. "I wanted to meet you personal for a long time now. Ron's told us a lot about you and I wanted to thank you personally what you did for Ginny last year." He said as they shook hands. "Harry James Potter, its great meeting you Charlie. Ron said you work in Romania with dragons, right?" "That's right." Charlie said with a smiled. He liked Harry already. The boy was polite and curious but not in an annoying way. "He could have been the seeker for a professional Quidditch team. Instead he runs off chasing dragons." Fred said from behind his father. Charlie rolled with his eyes. "What can I say, Quidditch wasn't dangerous enough for me I guess." Then he turned back to Harry. "I heard you are the house-teams seeker too? And that like your father you are quite the natural talent?" Harry grinned and nodded. George snorted. "He's better than you in your prime time." He said and elbowed his older brother playfully in the ribs. Charlie raised an eyebrow questioning. "Oh really?" he asked amused "Well if that's so than I think we'll have to do a match about it, what do you say Potter?" Harry laughed. "I would love too. When I first started playing Quidditch they told me that out team hadn't won since you left the school. You must be half decent then." Charlie roared with laughter which attracted some irritated glances from passing Muggels. "Only half-decent." Ron snorted. "He always outplays us when we play at home. We only let him enter the game after we got to play some balls or otherwise within ten minutes he's all like: "Oh look, I caught the Snitch, again!" It's bloody annoying." The whole family shared a laugh, even Percy. The Mrs. Weasley looked around and asked with a slightly concerned face: "Harry dear, where are your aunt and uncle?" Now everybody looked around. Harry shrugged. "Probably outside in the car waiting for me to come and look for them." He tried to ignore Mrs. Weasley's angry expressions and the concerned looks the other Weasley's exchanged amongst each other. "I should probably get going. It wouldn't surprise me if they decided to go home without me." He meant it as a joke but he could see it in their faces that they wouldn't like that. "Are you sure we shouldn't wait until you're picked up?" Arthur asked. Harry shook his head. He was no small child anymore. "It's fine Mr. Weasley. They're always like this. Don't worry." He shook Mr. Weasley's, Charlie's and Percy's hand, gave Ginny a hug, Fred and George a fist-bump and Ron a one-arm hug before he was pulled in a bone-crushing hug by Mrs. Weasley. "Be careful Harry dear. Write this time." "Yeah mate, if anything's the matter or wrong, send Hedwig to me and we'll get you out of there just like last time." Ron said. "I will thanks." Harry promised before pushing his heavy cart towards the exit. At the elevators he got a last quick glance at the wizard-family before they disappeared somewhere around the corner. As Harry pushed his cart out of Kings Cross Station into the low evening air he couldn't hold back a sigh. Eight weeks of the Dursleys wasn't much, not compared to the twelve years he already had spent with them but still the thought of 'home' depressed him slightly. Not for the first time he wondered if he couldn't just spend the summer at the Leaky Cauldron like last summer after the Aunt-Marge-Incident. Harry wasn't even sure if he was still welcome at Number Four Privet Drive. Sure, the Ministry had tidied up after him, deleted his Aunts memory and everything but that didn't mean that his aunt and uncle would have forgotten the 'accident' over the past ten months. And as the sky turned darker and darker and the street-lamps turned on and the echoes of Big Ben echoed through London Harry wondered if he was right. When ten o'clock came and went and there was still no sign of the Dursleys Harry