Author's Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. I'm just an overdramatic pervert. All storylines and maincharacters belong to Stephenie Meyer. Warning: Rated NC-17/MA for Adult Language and Sexual content. If lemons bother you, this isn't the story for you. I'm baaack! And now for a new twist... i'm exploring the wolf side this time, with my favorite werewolf, Paul! Thank you to my beta: ElvenIvy aka LauraWeasley Chapter 1: Homecoming Pleasure is saving up for three years to get the camera you want — the camera of your dreams. I've dreamed since the tail end of grade school about this day. My trip to the camera shop in Vancouver with my Dad just moments ago has been the most exciting drive I've ever taken. I sit in the kitchen, my eager hands practically tearing at the seams of the box. As I pull out the heavy weight of the Nikon D1, my heart reels with anticipation. My fingers tremble anxiously as I attach the 18-55mm lens to the camera. My camera. I'm shaking with excitement. I have to do some new test shots right away. "We're going to get some groceries," my mother tells me, kissing me on my forehead. "Your father and I will be back soon." "Okay," I respond absentmindedly as I fiddle with my Nikon's settings, not even looking up as they walk out of the door. But I let my eyes scan my surroundings to look for something to photograph, and I begin to recall the way the cloud-filtered sun hits the kitchen table through the windows. Suddenly hit by a strong sense of déjà vu, I turn, my eyes scanning the house. The television is on a rerun of The Fresh Prince of Bell Air, and Becky is on the phone with a boy. Jacob is playing with his X-men action figures on the couch in the living room. Wait a minute… Suddenly, I feel sick. This moment is oddly familiar. Something in my gut is screaming that this is wrong. I look at my siblings going about their business as usual. Could it be? No… I recognize it. I recognize this moment. I know what I am doing when this moment passes, when this happens the first time. What the room looks like. What episode of Fresh Prince they are running. What everyone is doing. I know what day this is. Oh, God. I know this day. I know what is going to happen. Without another thought, my mouth opens. "Don't get into the car!" I try to scream, but no sound comes out. I drop my camera, and it shatters into millions of pieces, but at this moment, it doesn't matter. I have to stop them. I run to the door, trying to turn the knob, but it won't open. "Stop!" I scream at the top of my lungs. "Wait! Don't go!" I turn to my siblings, but no one hears me. Rebecca is twirling her hair around her finger and laughing flirtatiously at the voice on the other line. Jacob has Wolverine in his hand, facing off with Magneto in the other. "Help me!" I exclaim towards them. "Help me open the door! We have to stop them!" But they can't hear me, continuing on playing, talking, and laughing. My fists pound helplessly at the door and the windows, my mouth stretching out, but my voice box is out of whack. I try the door again, using my whole body this time, pulling with my hands and with my weight, using my feet for leverage. But when I finally break the door free and run out of the house into the rain, the car is a distant dot down the road. I know—I know within my gut—what news will return to us… and who will not be. "Mom!" My legs try to run after the car, and all I can see is her waving from the rear window. I stare helplessly after the bright smile on her beautiful face, slightly deformed from the streams of water on the rear window. "Mom, no!" My eyes flew open. I lay shivering and gasping in a warm bed, trying to break free of the horrid dream. The sky outside the nearest window was grey, and it took a moment for me to gather myself. When I was back to the reality of a clean, unfamiliar room, I felt a little disoriented as I didn't recognize my setting. It took me a moment to remember I wasn't home. "Rachel," Dana whispered from the doorway. "You okay?" "Yeah, sorry," I said, rubbing my eyes as they focused around the unfamiliar room. "Nightmare." I'd dreamed the same dream many times before, but it always brought with it the same feelings. I never got over the fear, the helplessness, the sorrow. "I figured," she said with a knowing look. The smell of bacon, eggs, and sautéed onions wafted from the kitchen. I looked at my friend, feeling embarrassed and silly. "Did I wake you?" She shook her head of shoulder-length sandy blonde hair. "I was up already, but you did scare me." "I'm sorry," I grumbled. "Don't worry about it." She patted my hand before getting up to walk to the kitchen with a kind and understanding smile. Dana Scott was one of my good friends. We'd met a couple years ago in a mixed critical theory class, and were roommates for two semesters. She was a year ahead of me, though we'd both graduated the same year. She was able to land a job right out of college while I finished up my credits this past summer. It took a good four and a half hours to get to Seattle from Washington State's main campus in Pullman, with at least another two hours ahead of me to Forks. I figured staying the night at Dana's would be good. It was exciting to see her new apartment. I was envious that she'd found a job so quickly here in the big city, and I wanted that so much for myself. I had bigger dreams than to settle in on the reservation. "Breakfast before you go on the road?" she offered after I got up to change and threw my pajamas into my bag. "I made some cheese omelets with a side of bacon and home fries." "Ugh," I groaned. "That sounds so good, but you really shouldn't have." It was bad enough that I was crashing here, but the fact that she'd put the effort into breakfast just for me suddenly made me feel embarrassed. "And I shouldn't." "Oh, come on," she teased. "I hardly have people over, and it's really good." She wasn't lying. Dana was an amazing cook. I knew I had to get going before too much of the morning passed, but I sauntered over to the kitchen anyway, my stomach growling loudly. "Geez, that's quite a spread." She chuckled. "I don't have guests often," she explained. "And you know with the extra room, I could always use a roommate." "Don't tempt me," I said with a chuckle. "I'm serious." As I sat with her to eat, she knew better than to ask about home, instead talking to me about school and my last day at work. We laughed over what a relief it was that I wouldn't have to pour another cup of coffee at the Hillside Cafe for irritable professors or hung-over students on the WSU campus. I was looking forward to never having an exam to study for, or a corny school project to consume my time ever again. Shortly after, I'd packed up my things and gave her a huge hug before getting back on the road. I zoned out as the city of Seattle began to pass me by, with Mount Rainier behind me. It wasn't long before the Emerald City became an emerald forest. I arched my back forward, feeling the satisfying sensation of my joints cracking down my spine. A four hour drive would do that. My heart began to race as I neared the Forks area. Coming home was never a treat for me, no matter how much I missed my dad or my brother. I sighed as I made a right onto 110 from the 101. It would take no time before it turned into La Push Road. Like most times, I wasn't too eager to get home. In fact, I never was. However, with my early graduation, there was nothing left for me at WSU, so I had no choice but to return to LaPush. I wasn't moving back permanently. No way. I was just long overdue for a visit and temporarily staying until I could figure out my new living situation. I wanted to live in Seattle and get a big city job like Dana. I figured it would be good to come back and bring a portion of my stuff with me. It would be less to move to Seattle once I'd found somewhere to room. I figured I might just take Dana up on her offer, since we'd gotten along so well living together in the dorms. La Push Road was a long stretch of green, about 15 minutes of it before I hit the reservation. It was a good stretch of road to get lost in the tall forest, and the thick, chartreuse-colored blanket of moss, and just… think. I was excited to see my father again, as well as my little brother. I picked up my cell phone as it rang. I heard a mirror sound of my voice on the other end. "You there yet?" Rebecca, of course. I smiled to myself, knowing we never really had to greet each other to speak. "Not yet. Probably in the next fifteen minutes or so." "Oh, okay. Congrats, again by the way. I'm sorry I didn't make your graduation." "Beck, don't worry about it. You are a newlywed who still hasn't ironed out your finances with Solomon . I understand." "But you made it to my wedding," she insisted. "Barely. If you call booking it through the sand to make the first reading in your ceremony making it." "You were there, Raych. I think that's enough." I grunted. "Still! Stop feeling guilty! You can visit when you and Solomon have saved enough." A sigh filtered through my receiver. "I miss you," she said. Such a sap. Being hundreds of miles from your twin, your best friend from the womb, will do that to you. "Miss you, too." "What street are you on?" I hadn't realized the street had changed when it did, but the telltale signage and the tall trees were unmistakable. A pang of anxiety hit my stomach. "La Push." My voice was small, but I knew she heard. There was a pause on the other line, not surprising to me. "Wow. Back home, huh?" It took me a moment to answer. "Yeah." There was another pause on the other end, but she didn't have to say anything for me to know what she was thinking. "You're stronger than I am." I sighed again, seeing the sign for the La Push Reservation, a lump rising up the column of my throat and settling at my tonsils. "Not sure about that." I had to be real. I hadn't been home in a good three years. My father came to Pullman once in a while to see me, and my brother would come along only half of those times. My sister had visited me once a year as well, but, like me, she didn't care to come home to the reservation. There was just too much pain out this way with so many memories, and we avoided the memories at all costs. Of course, I didn't have the same excuse that she did, and even choosing being an six and half hour drive away, I didn't have the pretext of ridiculously priced airfare as an obstacle. I hit the town of the reservation after