Prom Night A/N: There will be some OOC in this story but I hope it's not so much OOC that it gets too ridiculous. Some negative remarks are made about Mike, which is just for the sake of the story as I love his character. DISCLAIMER: I own nothing, just a fan of the books and movies. "Your date is here honey!" I sighed as I heard my mom calling me. It was prom night, and my mom sounded more excited than I felt. Prom night was meant to be special, but I doubted it would be for me. I did not even want to go. But I had to. It was all about appearances. I had to go, and pretend I was having a good time even if I hated every moment. At least I would look great in my red dress, and my date was one of the cutest boys in whole school. Although I knew Mike didn't like me really. He wanted Bella, but because he couldn't have her he was settling for me. It hurt, but to be fair I also had someone else on my mind. Edward. So I could not complain. Besides, it was better having a date than going alone or with friends. I smoothed down my dress and did a last minute hair and make-up check before slowly making my way downstairs. I paused halfway down the steps as my mom appeared at the bottom of the stairs armed with one of her many cameras. My mom loved to take photos. "Just hold it right there sweetheart." I fixed a smile on my face and posed with a hand on my hip, allowing her to snap a few shots. "Okay mom, that's enough. I don't wanna keep Mike waiting," I hurried down the last few steps of the stairs. My mom seemed puzzled. "Mike's your date?" I laughed. "Mom, I have been going out with him. Who did you think my date was gonna be?" "Jess, it's not Mike..." My mom gestured in the direction of our living room. "Go see for yourself." I walked down the hallway and went into our living room. I looked around but the room was empty. That was when I heard a velvety smooth voice whisper in my ear, making me jump. "Hello Jessica." The voice was familiar, but as I turned around I was shocked to see the last person I could have imagined ever being in my house. I was speechless, which was rare for me since I loved to talk. I could not believe Edward Cullen was here in my house. He was standing in front of me, in a black tuxedo that looked like it had been tailor made to fit his lithe form. It had to be a dream, I realized. So I pinched myself viciously, the sudden sharp yet brief pain felt so real, but surely this could not be happening. Not to me. He was holding a white rose corsage. "May I?" He asked politely, reaching to take hold of my wrist. There was a pause before I nodded dumbly, watching as his nimble fingers attached the corsage to my wrist. Even the brief touch of his fingers on my arm stirred something within me but I pulled away. "Wait...We can't do this. You're meant to be going with Bella, right?" "Bella won't be attending prom," Edward replied, a bitter tone lacing his usual pleasant honeyed voice. "We broke up. It's a long story." "Oh...I'm really sorry." Edward shook his head, seeming amused. "No, you're not," He held up a hand, stopping me from the weak protests that were ready to spill out of my mouth. "It's fine, Jessica. I thought, since Newton left you without a date I would accompany you to prom instead. That doesn't mean I like you, but I know you dread going alone or worse being the third wheel to your friends and their dates." "How did you know that?" Edward laughed; a low musical sound. It was as if he was enjoying a private joke I knew nothing about. "Wait, rewind for me just a little bit. You said Mike's not...He's not coming?" That made no sense to me. "I overheard him talking to Tyler yesterday. He never wanted to go to prom with you; instead he will be attending Eric's anti prom party." I stared at him. Was there any reason not to trust him? I knew next to nothing about him but why would Edward lie to me? Lying was something I did sometimes, to get what I wanted. I doubted Edward was the type of person who did that. Besides, what would he have to gain from taking me to prom? He did not even like me. I just found it hard to believe what he was saying. It was true that Mike wanted to split up, but I thought he would have the decency to talk about it with me first. Mike had been a friend before we started dating. No, we had never been close friends but even so I was unsure he would be that mean. And yet somehow it did make sense. That he would be too cowardly to tell me to my face. My mom seemed to appear from nowhere, another camera in her hands. "Oh, you two look adorable together... Let me just take a few more pictures..." "Mom, I don't think –" I gasped in surprise as Edward moved to stand behind me, his arms reaching around me to take hold of my waist. "We can stay for a few photos Mrs. Stanley." Edward told my mom, smiling at her cordially. A faint pink tinge appeared on her face, and she laughed. "Oh, sweetie. I told you already, call me Louisa. Because I'm a cool mom, right Jess?" She winked at me, and a part of me wanted to die. "Mom, just take the photos already!" I was so embarrassed. She was always like this around my friends, but with Edward she seemed to be ten times worse. Edward and I must have posed for around a dozen photos before I told her we had to leave. Although I was annoyed at my mom, I was pleased she had taken the photos of me with Edward. It was not like I would ever have the chance again. "Have a great time and be safe..." My mom called out as we left the house and got into Edward's car. The sound of piano music filled the car as he drove, and although I was not a big fan of classical music, there was something about this particular musical composition that I loved. We did not talk during the car ride, which did not last long. My house was only a couple of blocks away from the school. After Edward parked he came around to open the door and help me out of the car. Not that I needed the help, but it was so nice. He was like the hero in one of those cheesy romance novels hidden away in my mom's closet that she thought nobody knew about. As Edward and I made our way to the gym where the prom was being held, I noticed that practically everyone was staring at us. It made me feel uncomfortable but at the same time I liked it. I still could not really believe it. Edward was taking me to prom. I was excited and happy and it seemed like a million thoughts were rushing through my head. The theme of the prom was 'A Starry Night' and the prom committee had really done the theme justice. The darkness was lit up with small soft white lights and everything seemed to sparkle. Glittering stars of all sizes were adorning the ceiling and the walls, and the tables were draped with silver cloths. There was a faint mist in the air, giving a hazy glow to the area. "Would you care for a drink?" Edward asked. "Yes. Maybe... some punch, please?" He nodded before walking over to the refreshment stand at the other end of the gym. I soon lost sight of him amongst the dancing couples. "Jessica!" I turned to see Angela waving at me as she came over. "Ang, wow...I mean that dress is perfect on you!" And it was the truth. Her slender frame was suited to her dress, and the color brought out her skin tone so nicely. Angela blushed, and smiled at me. "Thanks Jess. And you look beautiful, I can't think of anyone else who can pull off wearing that dress. I'd never dare to do it..." She bit her lip. "Was that Edward I saw you come in with?" "Yeah. I can't believe it myself." "What about Mike?" Angela questioned. I sighed. "We broke up. At least, I think so..." "Why?" She asked. "He ditched me to go to Eric's stupid anti prom party. It's...I still don't know why. He never even told me he wasn't coming to get me for prom. I mean, if Edward hadn't shown up I'd probably still be at home waiting for that jerk." A look of sympathy crossed Angela's face and she briefly touched my shoulder, giving it a friendly squeeze. "Oh, I'm sorry Jess. I know how much you liked him." "Mike? No, no...It was just a stupid crush. And I always knew he liked Bella. I don't know why I even wanted to date him so much. It was a mistake," I laughed, although it was forced. Angela was kind enough not to say anything else about it. Although from the knowing look in her eyes I could tell she sensed that I was glossing over the hurt I felt. That was one of the best things about Angela; she never pushed you to tell her things but waited until you wanted to talk about it. "Okay. Well, I'd better get back to Ben, unless you want me to stay for a while?" "No, it's fine. Edward should be back soon." I replied. "Okay, then I'll see you later." Angela smiled again before she walked away. "Make Ben give you a dance or two!" I yelled after her, causing Angela to turn back and laugh, waving before she made her way back over to Ben. We both knew how much Ben hated to dance; he had only agreed to come to prom for Angela's sake. "Here you go," Edward was back, and he handed me a plastic cup filled with a red liquid. I took a sip, and the drink tasted fruity. "Thanks for getting me the drink." "No need to thank me. It's all part of the wonderful experience of dating Edward Cullen." I giggled. "Well, okay but this isn't a date remember? That's you making a joke, right?" I sat down at a nearby table. Edward sat directly across from me. I took a few more sips of my drink. "Come on, tell me the real reason you asked me to prom. I know it's not just because you felt sorry for me." "You think I have an ulterior motive?" Edward asked, his lips curving up into a charmingly crooked smile. "I don't know...Stop smiling like that. I can't think straight when you do that," I downed the remainder of my drink, enjoying the fruity sweetness. "Listen, is it because of Bella?" "No, not at all," Edward's tone was brusque, and it clearly did have something to do with her, but at the same time I did not want to push it. What if he stormed off, leaving me alone at prom? That would just be so humiliating, and besides I wanted to leave the prom with good memories. Although...Edward would not do something like that, he was too nice. If he did not want to talk about it, then I should just leave it alone. It was none of my business anyway, but I still did not understand