Harry Potter had a secret. A secret he had never told anyone ; not even his best friends - Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. He knew his secret would come out eventually but only when he wanted it to. He wasn't ready for everyone to find out now, especially not like this. Why did it have to come out during a game of Truth or Dare? He didn't even want to play, but for some idiotic reason, he let Ron persuade him to. "Remind me again, why we are going to the party in the the Room of Requirement?" Harry asked his best friends since first year. "Harry, Mcgonagall wants all the houses to get along. She's trusting all the eight years to set an example to the younger years." Was Hermione's reply. "Right, and just how is going to a party where there will probably be alcohol be setting a good example to the younger years." Harry retorted., while rolling his eyes. He didn't understand how Mcgonagall could trust some of the eight years to be in the same room together. After the they had become closer but there were some rifts between others ; fights would break out daily because of this. "As long as we all get along, that's all that matters, right?" Hermione says, trying to tame her bushy hair. "Did you basically just say it doesn't matter that alcohol could be served at this party?" Ron asked incredulously, clearly surprised what his girlfriend had just implied. "I-uh. We should really get going." Hermione quickly composes herself. The Golden Trio walk into the Room of Requirement to see that the party was in full swing, and that there was in fact alcohol flowing around the room. They made their over to the makeshift bar, and soon the three of them had drinks of their own. They moved through the room towards the Gryffindor eight years who returned. They always tried to avoid the topic off the war but somehow every time that was where they ended. Harry had learned quickly to stop listening : he hated being reminded of everything that had happened - all those people who had died because he didn't hand himself over to Voldemort sooner. When he told Ron and Hermione about his guilt, they immediately told him that he wasn't his fault but, he knew they were only saying this to help him sleep better at night. But no matter how hard he tried he'll never be able to scrub the blood off his hands - he'll always feel the guilt of the deaths of the innocents who died that night. He soon found himself in his own world and Harry hadn't realised that he was staring at the ferret. He never took his eyes off of him. Since fourth year he knew he had a crush on the blonde ferret and come sixth he started to believe he might be in love with him. He would always find himself staring at the blonde and could never find the strength to turn away. If only he could show his true self maybe he might have a chance with him. Harry notices that Draco caught him staring and he feels the blood rising to his cheeks. Quickly, Harry looks away from Draco. He steals a quick glance at him and sees that Draco is still looking his way but with a smirk on his lips - he soon turns away, once again knowing his face could keep the Weasley hair a run for its money. When harry first found out that he was a wizard he thought that it meant that he could finally be himself, however, Dumbledore wouldn't allow it. He would say it would keep him safer : if people knew the truth they would take advantage of him. This made Harry believe that the headmaster was trying to protect to him when in fact he wasn't. He eventually made him feel like more of a freak. Not one day passes by that Harry doesn't wonder why Dumbledore never let him be who he was. He doesn't know what time it is, all he knows is that he was smashed and that was dangerous. "Truth or Dare!" Seamus announces, with a slur. At least Harry wasn't the only one who was completely pissed. He also realises that he should definitely leave as the night could not end well if he stayed. As he turns to leave, Ron catches him and drags him back into the room. "No, Ron let me go." Harry says, fighting Ron off though his drunken haze. "Oh, come on Harry. Live a little." He slurs his words and completely ignores that his best friend isn't comfortable playing the game. Ron manages to get Harry to where the group of eight are sat on the floor and has to force him to sit. The only one to notice that Harry didn't want to be there was Malfoy, and when Harry glanced at him, he could've sworn he saw a flash of sympathy in his eyes. "Okay the rules are pretty much the same," Seamus starts with a slight slur "the only thing different is the fact that we are using veritaserum. This obviously means that no one can lie." Everyone is passed a shot glass of truth serum and downs it. Harry is hesitant at first but figures that he should take it, so he downs it as well. Seamus starts the game and spins the bottle, landing on Blaise. Blaise smirked at Seamus, who is grinning from ear to ear. "Hmm. I'll choose dare." Seamus states causing the smirk on Blaise's face to turn into a mischievous smile, that should scare anyone. "How Gryffindor of you." Blaise replies. "I dare you to...go to Mcgonagall's office and serenade her. You can choose the song." "Okay!" He stands up and leaves the room with Dean following to make sure he goes through with the dare, even though no one doubted not to. Everyone remaining carried on with the game until the two lads came back, hanging onto each laughing hysterically. "How'd it go?" Blaise asks. "It was brilliant….Seamus...He sung 'My heart will go on' and...and Mcgonagall just stood there.."Dean says in between laughing, making it difficult to understand "She looked as...as if she was trying to fight a smile... then when he finished she asked… 'if you're going to daring each other please refrain from disturbing the rest of the school' then shut the door." He did his best Mcgonagall impression. Everyone laughs when they heard what Mcgonagall had to say. They carry on with the game and Harry soon zones out. He is woken from his own world when he feels someone else's lips on his. He automatically returns the kiss, but when he realises what he's doing he pushes the other person away. He opens his eyes to see Malfoy in front of him. "What the fuck!?" Harry exclaims. "It was a dare, Potter." Malfoy drawls. "You also kiss like a girl, no wonder you can't land someone." "Oi, shut it Malfoy." Ron growls. Malfoy only shrugs and rolls his eyes. The game goes on for a while until it reaches Harry. Harry spins the bottle and who does it land on? Malfoy. He groans and Malfoy smirks "Truth," Harry says. "Would've thought a lion like you would choose Dare," Draco drawls. "What is your darkest secret that no one knows - not even Granger and Weasel?" And that's when time froze. Harry knew his secret was about to come out. He wasn't ready for this, not yet at least. He tries to stop himself but the veritaserum takes control and makes him spill. "I'm a girl." Harry blurts out. Everyone looks confused then they start laughing when they think that he's joking except for Malfoy. Soon everyone realises Harry's not lying as they all seen him take the veritaserum and stop laughing. "How? Wait- what? Your a girl, but- How?" Ron splutters. "When I was three my muggle relatives forced me to be a boy because they couldn't hurt a girl. But a boy : perfectly fine to abuse. When I came to Hogwarts I thought I could be myself but Dumbledore said it was for the best to keep pretending." "How was it for the best?" that was Draco. "No idea." Harry sighs. "Can we see?" Hermione asks. "I mean what you look like as a girl." Instead of answering Harry unclasps a pendant from around his neck and lets it fall to the floor. She doesn't care what happens to it because she now knows that no one will ever see Harry Potter again. Now all the eight years there was no way he- no she could keep it a secret from the rest of the wizarding world. Her body begins shimmer as it changes to its original form. Soon in the spot that Harry potter once sat was an eighteen year old woman, with wavy ebony hair and piercing emerald eyes ; she had soft curves and is also slightly smaller than she was before - she was quite dainty. "What's your name?" Hermione asks with a soft smile, breaking the silence. You could feel the excitement radiating off of her. "Harmony." She answers proudly. "My name is, Harmony Lilith Potter." Suddenly, she was engulfed in a hug by Hermione. Everyone around her was smiling proudly. Even Malfoy! They were all happy that she could finally be herself again. The only one who didn't look happy was Ron. "Your disgusting," he exclaims. "And what about my sister. Were you just leading her on. Disgusting!" He then gets up and leaves. Everyone was stuck frozen after hearing what he had just just said to his best friend, who clearly needed his support as well as the others, right now. "He does realise his sister's gay, right?" Dean says from the other side of the room. "She'll probably like Harmony once she meets her." "Well apparently he doesn't know." Harmony says. "Plus she never get a chance with me since I prefer boys so…" Out the corner of her eye she sees Malfoy smirk for the second time that night. She realises he now knows about her crush on him and turns crimson. This makes him smile - he actually smiled - at her blush. They decided to end the game and all the girls dragged Harmony away from the lads and talked to her about anything and everything. Hermione soon ended it when she muttered a quick tempus spell. When she saw the time she decided that she and Harmony should leave. "I think we better see Mcgonagall about moving you into the girl's dormitories. Goodnight everyone." Hermione says, all the while helping Harmony to her feet. "Goodnight." Harmony's sweet voice floats through the room as the two girls leave the room and head in the direction of the Headmistresses quarters. It was the next morning, when Harmony woke up in the girl dormitories, that she realised that, the previous night was not a dream afterall. She leapt out of bed and practically skipped towards the joining bathroom. For once in her life she didn't feel like a freak : it didn't matter how Ron had acted the previous night. Harmony was upset with the way he reacted, he was her best friend, she thought he would support her no matter what. However, after some thinking and a long talk with Hermione the night before, she realised that he acted the way he did because she didn't tell him the truth. She knew it must of hurt to find out something about his best friend the way he did. She only hopes that they will remain friends. She also knew that Ginny wouldn't care about her really being female considering Ginny came out as a lesbian - hell, she'll probably be on cloud 9 when she finds out. She made her way out