March 14, 2005 — New York City The people seemed to be moving faster than the town car I was sitting in, which was consistently stopped in traffic. This is why I preferred to walk — I seemed to get to places so much faster. I scanned the sidewalks and buildings, taking in the details with curiosity. In New York, things changed every day and what I saw today would be completely different tomorrow. That was the beauty of a big city. The town car pulled up to the front of the Museum of Modern Art and I let out a sigh, my eyes falling closed. I could feel my nerves deep in the pit of my stomach, but truthfully, I was neither excited or frightened about the exhibition. I was more nervous that no one would come to MoMA and participate in my performance, a worry that always emerged when I came up with a new show. My body jolted forward suddenly when the driver open my door and I glanced up to meet his gaze before grasping the hand he offered me to pull me out of the car. After my feet were on the sidewalk, I adjusted the fabric of my dress to ensure that I wasn't stepping on it. I pushed my hair over one shoulder so that it was away from my face and glanced around the busy street, taking in the people entering MoMA. A man bumped into my shoulder before giving me a quick once over and then scurrying on his way. Typical New York, I thought. I gathered my couture gown and spared a glance at the driver who still remained beside the door. "Thank you," I said, realizing absentmindedly that he would be perhaps one of the last people I spoke to before beginning my self-imposed silence during my exhibition. It was the opening night and I arrived an hour before the set time so that I could prepare mentally for the task ahead of me. Although I had my dress gathered in my hands, I didn't move from my spot, watching Aro waiting for me from inside the museum. He was dressed in a tux, his shoulder length black hair pushed back from his face, and his body angled towards a woman standing in front of him. A smile curved onto my lips as I watched him flirt with the woman and a gut feeling told me that she was probably a donor of some sort. Little did she know that he was in a committed relationship with his boyfriend Cauis, who was undeniably the center of his universe. After a few moments of watching, I walked towards the front door and I could tell that my movements caught Aro's attention. His face lit up when he made eye contact with me through the door and he abandoned the woman he was speaking to without a second glance. He opened the door for me just before I could reach it and ushered me in. "Isabella! My dear, it has been too long," he exclaimed before tossing his arms around my waist. I laughed as I wrapped my arms around his neck, embracing him tightly. "It's good to see you too, Aro." He released me from our embrace before glancing around the entrance. The woman he had been speaking to before was eying our exchange with obvious envy. Oh honey, I thought, if only you knew how little he was actually interested in me. I was nearly thirty years his senior, not to mention a woman. I glanced back towards Aro when I felt his gaze perusing my body and I cocked an eyebrow at his appraisal. "You look gorgeous," he said, motioning his hand toward my gown. I smirked and raised my eyebrow higher at the silent 'but' that hung in the air. Noticing the dare in my eyes, he continued, "Of course, I would look better in it, but not everyone can pull of red dresses like I can." "Only you would say something like that and get away with it," I laughed, shaking my head slightly at his wide grin. "Only you." As if to test his new found boundaries, he said, "Well, even if I could pull of that look better, I must say you are the best dressed old lady I know." "Excuse me," I replied with a look of mock offense. "I am not old. You are just a baby." I reached out a pinched his cheek. "Sure, sure, and that isn't a gray hair I see right there." "Don't even go there!" "I'm sorry," he replied gently before smirking once more. "I'm just amazed that you don't look a day over thirty despite your age." "Yeah, sure," I huffed. "Lucky for you, this doesn't lessen my love for you." "I love you too, old lady." Snorting, I shake my head. "Are you sure you want to be with Cauis? I could use a charmer like you to keep me grounded." He laughed, tossing his head back dramatically as if that was the funniest thing he had ever heard. "Honey, you know I don't swing that way," he said, bumping his hip with mine. "But if you ever need an ego check, I'm a phone call away." "What a comforting thought." With a brilliant smile, he took my arm and led me through the masses towards where my exhibition would be. I glanced around to see if I recognized anyone standing by the ticketing desk but all of them were strangers. For some reason, that pleased me. I would rather have a large group of strangers at my show than a small group of friends. "Let's go check out the space for your exhibition, I am hoping that it meets your approval since I didn't have a ton of time to talk to you about it." "I'm sure if you picked it, I will be happy with it." Placing a hand over his heart, he let out a laugh. "You know just what to say to make a guy blush. But we better get moving before I do something we might regret since I'm pretty sure my bosses will not approve of any salacious behavior." I laughed. "And here I thought you liked me." _—_—_—_ The atrium had been transformed into the space I had imagined. The paintings that typically decorated the walls were gone, leaving the walls plain. The entire room was a stark white color that could easily be described as sterile. The vast room was basically empty of all furniture outside of the table and two chairs I had requested. There were chains provided by the museum to keep my show separated from the general public unless they took the seat across from me. Walking through the only gap between the chains, I moved towards the chairs and skimmed my hands along the backs of the chairs. The wood felt smooth and cool beneath my fingers, causing my lips to twitch into a smile. Perfect — everything was absolutely perfect. I glanced up to see that Aro remained near the entrance to the atrium, watching me get into my element. I was grateful. After a few moments of silence, I finally spoke the one word that was repeatedly on my mind, "Perfect." "Perfect!" he responded with an excited expression. "The exhibition opens in an hour. What would you like to do?" I smirked. "Go to the bathroom." He shook his head and let out a loud laugh, which seemed to echo throughout the room. "Of course, of course." With an exaggerated bow, he offered me his arm and escorted me from the atrium to show me where the restrooms were. "Also, Marcus wanted me to make sure you are okay with the general public having access to your exhibition on the opening night. Most artists prefer to keep the public separated from their work on the first night. He said that you both had spoken about it, but he asked that I ensure this is still what you want." "Of course it is," I said indignantly. "If I refused to give the public access to my exhibition from the moment it opened, how do I know that anyone will want to come during the rest of its duration here?" My eyebrows were raised in challenge, knowing that Aro was unaware of the fragile balance I had to maintain because I was a dubious type of artist. His eyebrows furrowed slightly. "You are a famous artist. Why shouldn't they come?" I laughed, half out of frustration. "All of my exhibitions are controversial and not a certain success, despite the fact that I am a famous artist. I am worried that most people will be intimidated or even disturbed by what we are doing here; so, my first goal is to dissuade any fears from the moment we begin… And keeping the public from my exhibition is not the best way to do that." His eyes widened slightly before he nodded in understanding. As he guided me through MoMA, I watched as his eyes flickered from art piece to art piece and I knew right away that he was evaluating whether anything was out of place. He had an eye for noticing the most minute details such as if anyone had touched the glass surrounding the art. He once told me that you could never trust anyone when it comes to art because after all, it was an employee that stole the Mona Lisa . I couldn't argue with that. "Is Cauis coming to the opening tonight?" I asked curiously. "Yes," he replied with a soft smile, the sort of smile that he only ever had when his boyfriend was mention. True love, such a costly affair. "He wouldn't miss your show for anything. Sometimes, I'm pretty sure he likes you better than me." He gave me a wink before bumping his hip against mine. Just a few steps away from where I stood was a sign that stated the bathroom was just down the narrow hallway. "Here is the bathroom, m'lady. Do you need any further assistance?" "No, I'll meet you in the atrium when I'm finished. I doubt I will get lost." I released his arm and gave him a grateful smile before walking into the women's bathroom. A relieved sigh escaped me when I heard the door closed behind me and although I was grateful that Aro had been assigned to my exhibition, I knew that I wouldn't be able to maintain a clear head with his commentary. Resting my back against the door, I could feel the cool wood through the fabric of the red dress and I relaxed into it like I would a lover's embrace. A lover's embrace, I scoffed internally. I hadn't experienced one of those in quite some time. I glanced towards the bathroom stalls to make sure no one else was inside and would witness my private moment. It would be the last one I would have for a span of some hours and I anticipated how draining this would be for me. I was going to be completely vulnerable as the audience and I experienced a direct exchange of emotions in their rawest form. I couldn't wait for it to begin, and yet I wanted to prolong my private moment as long as possible. I turned towards the bathroom mirror and braced myself against the edge of the counter, keeping a certain amount of distance from the water droplets that were sprinkled the surface. My eyes stared into my reflection with intense scrutiny, noting the lines age had created and the gray that was beginning to show intermittently through my hair. At one point, I would have admitted that I was beautiful by the world's standards but now, I could see the influence age had on my features. I was no longer twenty — I was fifty-five with two failed marriages under my belt