A/N: Hullo! I've actually been thinking about Leo and Calypso's return since the end of Blood of Olympus, as I'm sure everyone else has. I hope this is adequate. Just so everyone knows, this is my first fic that has anything to do with any of Rick Riordan's books, so forgive me if the characters are a little off. Also, I don't know if Rick Riordan has already written Leo's return in another one of those little spin-off novels he writes (Demigod Diaries, Demigod Files, etc). If he has, sorry for the redundancy. I don't have Wifi at home right now, so I'm uploading stories while sitting outside a Starbucks. It also means I can't check to see if he's written this. I also can't remember if Nico told the others that Leo was still alive. I'll have to reread the Blood of Olympus if I get it for Christmas. Even so... Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own Heroes of Olympus or any of the characters within. Piper and Jason walked along the edges of the lake at Camp Half-Blood, both teens ignoring the flirting of the naiads below. It had been two weeks since peace had been declared between the Romans and the Greeks. Their friends Reyna, Nico, and Coach Hedge had succeeded in returning the Athena Parthenos to the top of the hill, so that the old statue stood right next to Thalia's tree, where the daughter of Zeus had been imprisoned for eight years. But also, two weeks since one of Piper and Jason's best friends had been killed. Leo Valdez had been killed in the explosion of the Argo II, the only benefit being that Octavian, the power crazed Roman centurion, had been killed as well. Piper still missed the nervous fidgeting of the son of Hephaestus, his fingers always moving, always creating, even when he wasn't paying attention. The strange, distracted tapping that even Piper was able to recognize as Morse Code. Before, Piper had constantly wondered what it was Leo was tapping, though now she tried as hard as she could to stay away from thoughts of one of her best friends. One of the only two other demigods who had been with her since the beginning, since the moment Dylan the wind spirit had attacked her, Jason, and Leo at the Grand Canyon. Usually, she kept busy to keep from thinking about it, though now Chiron had insisted that every half-blood present take a break day. Nobody was supposed to be working today. Every available nature spirit or satyr, every half-blood or anyone else had been working around the clock to build more cabins, or just repair the damage done by the Roman attack two weeks ago. Actually, the now-friendly Romans had been helping take care of that. Back in New Rome, before the eidolon had taken control of Leo's body and started attacking the city, Jason had been showing Piper around. He'd told her that if they had to, Romans could take the city down in a shockingly short amount of time, and rebuild the entire thing in three days. It would take a lot of work, but it could be done. So it was no shocker that Camp Half-Blood would prove to be easier to rebuild than New Rome. Once the Romans had finished with the Big House and surrounding areas, they'd offered to help build the new cabins to the minor gods. Needless to say, with the Romans' help the building of new cabins had gone very quickly. There were almost a hundred now, spread out in several new wings. Piper glanced over at Jason, who also seemed to be deep in thought. He noticed her looking and smiled sadly, squeezing her hand gently. He missed Leo too. Exactly two weeks since the death of Leo Valdez, and it was most definitely not getting any better. Piper and Jason started walking in the general direction of the cabins in comfortable silence, neither feeling the need to speak. As they walked, they passed near the practice arena, where quite a bit of shouting could be heard. Jason stopped to stare, then looked over at Piper. "What do you think's going on?" He asked. Piper shrugged. "Let's see." As they approached, the excited shouting got louder. Jason nudged his way through the rowdy half-bloods, keeping a tight hold on Piper's hand. They came through to the front, and Piper knew why everyone was so excited. Two children of the war gods were fighting. Clarisse LaRue and Frank Zhang were going at it quite hard, each soaked in sweat and swords still clanging against each other. Hazel Levesque, Frank's girlfriend, saw Piper and Jason and waved them over. Piper weaved her arm through Hazel's. "What's going on?" She asked, almost having to shout over everyone else. She watched as money changed quite a few people's hand, and she figured they were betting on the winner of the match. Hazel's mouth quirked upward. "Clarisse wanted to know who was a better fighter, the daughter of Ares or the son Mars, both having had the blessings of their fathers placed upon them. Twice. They've been fighting for fifteen minutes now." Jason's eyebrows went up and he whistled. "Fifteen minutes. Really? I know they're both good, but neither one of them is going to be able to keep going for much longer." Hazel shook her head. "I know, but they don't seem to be showing any sign of stopping soon. I'm a little worried." Piper smiled comfortingly. "Frank will be fine. Maybe Clarisse and he will wear each other out before somebody gets a chance to win." As she spoke, Frank started slowing down. A warrior like Clarisse didn't miss it, and neither did the rest of the demigods. In half a moment, she'd realized what was happening. There. Frank's sword arm dropped and Clarisse lunged forward. Her sword went right toward his gut. Piper gasped and Hazel let out a strangled scream. They both leaped to their feet, but they needn't have bothered. Frank brought his sword up quickly at the last moment, blocking the strike with the guard between the grip and the blade. Clarisse stared at him in shock a moment before Frank twisted his sword and Clarisse's was yanked out of her hand. The sword hit the ground, and Frank held his to her throat. It had been a trick. Every demigod in the arena burst in cheers, and Piper realized she hadn't even noticed there had been silence before. Frank brought the sword away from Clarisse's throat, and she grinned at him. They shook hands, then Clarisse went into the crowd, probably to find her boyfriend. Frank turned back toward Hazel, Piper, and Jason with the biggest grin on his face. Hazel rushed to him and gave him the biggest hug, while Jason and Piper returned his smile. The rest of the half-bloods, Greek and Roman, were leaving the practice arena. The only ones that didn't leave were Percy and Annabeth. They both came over and congratulated Frank on his victory. "I would have thought Clarisse would get mad and threaten to kill you or something, after that win," Percy said cheerfully. "She did pretty much the same thing to me, my first summer here. Then I blasted her with toilet water, and now she hates me even more and everything turned out alright in the end." Annabeth rolled her eyes. "I think he means watch your back, Frank. Though I don't think you'll have to. She honestly didn't look angry to me." Piper studied Annabeth, thinking her friend looked a little tired, maybe worried. She thought about how Annabeth had received a call from her father a few days ago, saying something about her missing cousin. Frank laughed. "She wasn't. We agreed it was all in good fun, and curiosity. We wanted to know who'd win." Jason opened his mouth to speak, but was interrupted by the dinner horn. Percy looked relieved. He pumped his fist. "Finally! Dinner time! I'm starving." Annabeth looked at him like he was nuts. "Why is that, Seaweed Brain? You had a big lunch, and it's not like you did anything to burn of the energy." Percy shrugged. "Don't know. I am a growing teenager, after all. Hey, maybe it was watching Frank. Or are you honestly going to tell me you don't feel exhausted after watching that fight?" The daughter of Athena laughed, rolling her eyes. "Yes, Seaweed Brain. I am." The group walked up to the pavilion, still joking and laughing. It felt pretty normal, though something was still missing. Piper could feel it, and she knew the others could too. Jason squeezed her hand. Everyone sat at the long tables, no longer concerned with sitting at the table aligned with their godly parent. There just wasn't enough room for that. Everyone's favorite foods appeared before them on magic golden plates. But before eating, of course, the demigods all had to burn a portion of their food as an offering to the gods. Half-bloods crowded around the brazier, anxious to eat already. It seemed like everybody was hungry. After the offering Percy, Annabeth, Jason, Piper, Frank, and Hazel all sat at the table that used to be dedicated to the sons of Poseidon. Grover Underwood, a satyr and one of Percy's best friends, decided to join them. Nico di Angelo, son of Hades, looking admittedly (and unashamedly) happy sitting next to Will Solace, a son of Apollo, nodded at Piper. She smiled back, then started paying attention to the conversation Frank and Jason were having. Apparently they were still trying to convince everyone that Aphros's brownies combined with Esther's preserves were actually delicious. Jason had already convinced Percy to take a bite, and the son of the sea god was busy gagging while Annabeth patted him on the back and tried to hold back giggles. Dinner was filled with laughter, though sadness was still tangible in the air. After, the six demigods headed down to the beach before bed. All the others went to the campfire, and even from this distance, Piper could hear them all singing the silly campfire songs, as was customary. They sat, talking quietly for a while. The moon was full, and it shone down brightly, reflecting off the calm water. Piper stared out at the ocean, zoning out of the conversation. She had a good reason, too. There was something on the horizon. Something shining. Piper got to her feet, trying to see further. Jason stood by her side, staring at her face. "What's up, Pipes?" He asked quietly. She pointed, and the others gathered around to see what it was. The shining shape was slowly becoming bigger. The white moon light reflected off the growing shape with golden light. Piper looked at it. "No way," she muttered. "There's no way. It can't be..." The others stared too. They didn't know what it was. After all, they had never seen a large golden, mechanic (not to mention functional), dragon. Not with it's body, and certainly never flying toward them at high speed carrying two human beings on it's back. She heard Jason's breath escape him, and Piper knew she was right. It was Leo. He was alive . And he'd come home. The first place Leo took Calypso was home. Not his home in Houston, or even his home at Camp Half-Blood. No, he took Calypso to her home. The small city of Split. Leo figured it was probably best to reintroduce Calypso to the modern world in small steps. He figured taking her straight to New York would give the girl a heart attack, so he figured Split was probably the best place to go first. After all, the world had changed quite a bit in a few thousand years. Festus flew over the water quickly, and the cold wind roared in Leo's ears. Calypso's arms had wrapped gently around his waist, and it took all of