Disclaimer: I do not own the book series "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" or any of the Percy Jackson books, movies, etc. /0/0/0/0/0/ I think that's why I want to be an architect. To build something permanent. A monument to last a thousand years. ~Annabeth Chase /0/0/0/0/0/ The gray - eyed blonde put her hand on his forehead and then on his cheeks. Heat immediately scorched her palms. His face was warm - too warm. Her eyebrows scrunched together in concern as her hand began to withdraw from his cheek. Suddenly a hand shot out from under the covers and grasped on it, drawing her palm back and pressing it against the side his cheek. His emerald eyes closed briefly, a sound of quiet relief exhaling from his dry lips. After a few seconds, he released her hand as abruptly as he'd grabbed it and reopened his bleary orbs. Annabeth blinked. A tense silence enveloped between the two. "I brought you some Gatorade. And medicine." She blurted out with quickly and gestured to Percy's nightstand. Then she made haste to get out of the room before she could do anything stupid like cry. She could leave now. She should leave now. She could go to work and pretend her husband wasn't so sick that he couldn't even get out of bed. Pretend that each hacking cough and each painful breath he inhaled didn't squeeze at her heart like claws. No one would blame her. Because she didn't owe him anything! Just five days ago he-he'd spat in her face... He'd used her greatest vulnerability against her! And now was she expected to help him in his greatest time of need when he hadn't so much as bothered to apologize?! He was supposed to be loyal; that was his vulnerability. He'd told her before. But that day? He'd left her, abandoned her, left her to fend for herself. She'd been hurt—by him! He didn't fulfill his promise—the promise to remain by her side and never leave her. Percy Jackson didn't deserve her care. He didn't deserve it! He didn't! But Annabeth knew; she knew… Whether Seaweed Brain deserved it or not, she would give her love anyway. No matter what happened or what he did, she would stay at his side. She would never be able to leave Percy. Sweet adorable Percy, with his brilliant green eyes. Wiping a lone tear off her cheek, she inhaled. She'd done enough crying to last her a lifetime. She had a job to do. First, she called Chariot ( the company she and Percy were co-owners for) and told them that neither she or Percy would be able to assist that day as they were both terribly sick. She apologized profusely to the secretary for such a late notice but the kind old woman assured her it was fine. Annabeth thanked her and hung up. Now to do something about the fact that her stomach was growling a hundred miles an hour... And probably Percy's too. Swiftly, her hands went to work. Settling into the soft rhythm of chopping, stirring, and flipping, she didn't even notice time go by and it seemed as if in the blink of an eye, fried eggs, blue waffles, milkshakes, and chopped fruit appeared out of nowhere. As soon as she'd eaten her fill, she grabbed a second plate and tossed some chopped strawberries, bananas, grapes, and blueberries. Every single one of the fruits were blue-even the ones that weren't naturally that color. It was a habit, that blue dye thing. She literally tossed flavorless blue food coloring into practically everything she made. Percy had an obsession with blue food and well... Yeah. The guy could actually cook too. And in the process not only manage to not burn the house down (as most guys tended to do), but also make some pretty delicious meals too. Anyway. Lastly Annabeth tossed a blue waffle into the mix, and headed towards Percy's room. Taking a deep, if quiet, breath, she pushed the door open for the second time that morning. Pushing a strand of hair back nervously she walked towards Percy and gently shook him awake. Once again for the second time. His flashing green eyes popped open looking bleary and unfocused. Once they laid eyes on her, they seemed to become more alert. Making a soft groaning sound, he pushed himself up and stared at her. And then at the food. And then back again. Annabeth cleared her throat. "Just thought you'd be hungry. This is a pretty light meal so you shouldn't puke it right back up." She looked at the food with a scrutinizing glance before redirecting her gaze back to Percy's ... Who was still staring at her. She placed the plate on his nightstand (beside an unused Gatorade and medicine she noted) and stood awkwardly to the side. Percy finally seemed to get out of his trance and made an attempt to grab the spoon. Attempt as in his hand shakily reached out, tentatively grabbed the spoon... And promptly dropped it. The silverware clattered to the ground. Right, his condition had worsened because the stupid Seaweed Brain hadn't taken his medicine. Joy . There was a brief silence before Annabeth sighed, took a nearby chair, and sat down by Percy's bedside. With her fingers, she picked up a blue strawberry and offered it to him. Without a word, Percy let her feed him staring at her with those uncanny piercing green eyes the whole time. And that wasn't the only uncanny thing about this whole situation. The silence-it was so foreign to this household. Percy was always chatting, always making jokes, always making flirtatious comments to his wife no less. And for the past five days... Nothing. Which was why it was son startling when a weak, raspy, voice drew her from her thoughts. "Thanks" Annabeth looked at the plate; he'd finished about half which was technically better than nothing. Oh and she should probably acknowledge his thanks. Looking at Percy, she nodded. Then she uncapped the blue Gatorade bottle and measured the right amount of medicine before handing both to him. He took the medicine without a single complaint. She saw him swallow and lay back down, turning so that his back faced her. Annabeth was decently surprised. Usually it took coercing in the form of hundreds of kisses to just get Percy to drink one dosage. She shook herself from her stupor and watched the man shiver. That fever had to be lowered. The medicine would do it's job soon enough but Annabeth needed to bring that fever down now. Entering the adjacent bathroom, she took a towel and put it under cold tap water before getting all the excess water out. Opening the tap again, she filled a small basin and exited the bathroom with both it and the towel. Sitting down at her spot, she took the towel in one hand and with the other tenderly pushed Percy's sweaty bangs out of the way. His eyes shot open at her touch and stared - seriously what was up with this guy and staring? - as Annabeth carefully placed the cool towel atop his head. Making soft soothing noises, she ran a hand through his damp hair. In all honestly it was actually pretty entertaining watching his already messy hair get even more crazy. But it seemed to do the trick. Within seconds Percy's eyes clamped shut, one of his hands tightly gripped around Annabeth's. Annabeth sent the sleeping 23 year old a small sad smile. You drool when you sleep. That time seemed so, so, far away. When she and Percy were 12, they met at a summer camp, officially anyway. She'd seen Percy before . . . On the bus that took them to Camp Half-Blood. The bus on which Annabeth saw a green eyed boy hit the hay as soon as he sat down and begin to drool. The first time they talked, the first thing that came out of Annabeth's mouth was literally "You drool when you sleep." It'd been awkward to say the least. Back then Annabeth was very closed off, a brainy and ambitious child (she still was... Just not that much). Percy taught her to relax and have fun. She'd tamed his waves with her calm wisdom. And it was basically love at first sight. Sure, they experienced obstacles but then again no one had ever said it was going to be easy. A month from now would mark their first marriage anniversary. That recent fight they'd experienced was honestly one of the biggest and ugliest ones Annabeth had ever faced. Yet she had to hang in there, because marriages weren't perfect and not everything about them was fluffy clouds and sunshine. Sometimes, storms came and you just... You just had to learn to overcome them. Annabeth Chase and Percy Jackson were two very, very, different people. They had different likes, different dislikes, different opinions, and different personalities. But somehow they managed to balance the other out. While Annabeth wished that the fight between them had not happened, while she wished that their world would be perfect forever, she knew it wouldn't. One just had to keep on moving forward. Because it was worth it. Marriage could be a very beautiful thing as well. It sometimes brought pain sure but it also brought joy and happiness and laughter. And the good times heavily outweighed the bad. They would be okay. Now to get out of her depressing thoughts . . . Untangling her hand from Percy's, she grabbed the already hot cloth, dipped it in the basin, and rinsed it out again before laying it across his forehead. Then she settled into a comforting pattern. She would read a bit, work on company stuff, play around with architecture programs on her laptop, watch movies on Percy's flat screen, give Percy his medicine, and every hour or so change the cloth and eventually the basin water too. Then repeat. The only time she left the room was to go get some more blue fruits and cook herself some quick food. Percy would sometimes come around while she was watching a movie and he would sit up and begin watching it too or when she was reading, and sometimes when she was singing (If he became restless or his condition seemed to worsen and his sleep became fitful, Annabeth would begin to sing songs with the grazing touch of a sweet lullaby). All in all she had a Disney marathon (Percy was awake for all of Tangled and could she just say that it got stuffy in the room when the whole "I see the light" shebang started going with the romance and the moments, and well, with the couple's current status . . . Yeah stuffy and uncomfortable indeed), and an Avengers Marathon too (Percy reverted into little kid when it came to Captain America). Time flew by and little by little, Percy seemed to get better. His face no longer looked so deathly pale and his shivers became less frequent. Before Annabeth knew it, her eyes were drooping from exhaustion and she could barely keep her them open. Leaving some random Disney movie playing in the background (they were on a loop so as soon as one ended another would start), the last thing she saw was Percy's easy breathing and quiet rest before she allowed herself to be enveloped in sleep. /0/0/0/0/0/ Percy Jackson was somewhere between the land of the living and the land of slumber. Suddenly, Hakuna Matata . . . It means no worries. For the rest. Of your days? Wait what?! His eyes flew open. He found the source of his thoughts to be his TV. Why was his flatscreen on at - he looked at his alarm clock and his eyes widened comically - 3 AM!? The everything came rushing back to him like wind; the fight, the rain, his