A/N: A silly little one-shot, created as sheer bribery. How come? Mh, take a stubborn beta (let's call her MrB, yes?) with a serious wrist problem (she aquired, if you ask me, by writing and working too much, but hey, I'm a biology teacher, no physician) and try to convince her that she needs to take some time off. You'll come to the conclusion that the Slytherin way is the only one that promises success. So you bribed her with a prompted one-shot. That did the trick. Yay! The prompt was: Draco and Harry compete for Hermione's attention on New Year's festivities. I asked: Who's going to get her? And she said: It's your decision...see what I made of it. Disclaimer: None of the characters are mine, but belong to JKR. And I don't make any money from this. The last day of the year. A time to find closure, to finish business, to cut the ties with heavy things. Standing on the cusp of something new, something hopeful, something exciting. That was what New Year's Eve was to many people, and probably to most attending the Ministry of Magic's Festival. When Hermione entered the room, she felt the excitement buzzing in the air with expectations and magic. She straightened her modest red dress, ending at her knees, and scanned the mass of people for two special wizards. Her eyes met many familiar faces and greeted most of them with a smile that ranged from polite to friendly. After all, she was well known in the ministry as Head of Research and Investigation. Finally, her brown eyes were met with two pairs of stunning eyes: one forest green, the other icy grey. The former belonged to her best friend, Harry Potter. His divorce from Ginny in spring had caused quite a public uproar. The Chosen One divorcing his wife -shocking! Hermione knew better, for she had experienced the break-up sitting in the front row: Ginny and Harry parted ways amicably and were still on good terms, especially when it came to care for their two-years-old son James. She was deeply touched whenever she saw Harry handling the toddler lovingly and gentle, giving him all the attention he'd never had as a child. It made Hermione yearn for a family of her own. Often, she would be around when Harry had James, cuddling with them on the sofa, reading him books and bathing him while his father prepared dinner. And there were moments, increasing in number, in which Hermione forgot it was two friends with one divorced friend's son at the table and not a couple with their love child. It felt so natural, so normal, so right. Particularly when the evening ended with an empty bottle of red wine and his arms around her while her head rested on his shoulder. The Brightest Witch of her Age wasn't ready to address the shift in their chemistry yet, too big was her fear that she saw things that weren't there and could only endanger the friendship she cherished above all. The elephant in the room had to stay where he was, even in the new year. The other pair of eyes were found in a stubborn head whose owner's intelligence almost rivaled her own. Harry's partner in the Auror Division was none other than Draco Malfoy. He was still cocky and arrogant, but he had learned to use his talents wisely, and that included hunting criminals. The blond had blasted the marriage contract with Astoria Greengrass, signed by his doting parents, into pieces straight after graduating from Hogwarts. That, paired with his pleasant appearance and fit physique, made him a very sought after male specimen. Harry told her he was very secretive with his female -and sometimes male- conquests, never brought them into the spotlight that came with being a successful Auror with more money than the Bank of England and sole heir to his family fortune. And it didn't stop him from being a flirt through and through. Furthermore, it didn't stop Hermione to play the game with him. While she and Draco had more than outgrown their past biases, the relationship between them was an entirely different one than with Harry. Where Harry was safe and warm, Draco was cocky and thrilling. Where Harry provided her with the intimacy and security of a more than decade long friendship, Draco promised the rush of the dangerous unknown. While she could communicate with Harry without words at many opportunities, the intellectual battles she fought with the young Malfoy left her breathless and challenged. And with the uncanny feeling that Draco was a tempting fire she could easily get burnt with. She crossed the distance to the waiting wizards. "How's the Devious Duo doing today?" "Fantastic, obviously. Though the company has gotten stellar since you arrived." It was Draco, of course, with his lips curled into his characteristic smirk. "What my trollish partner here wants to say, is: you're looking beautiful" She gave her best friend a peck on his cheek and a smile in response to his charms. "Thank you, Harry. You're both quite dashing yourselves." And they really did. Draco, in his classic black robes, and Harry, in his well-tailored muggle suit; they were a clear eyecatcher for every straight witch. Just when she realised she was staring at her best friend and his colleague, a tornado in the form of Pansy Parkinson swooped in and all but dragged Draco to the dancefloor. The blond shot them an apologetic glance and went off to dance with his best girl friend. In the past years, Hermione had learned what a vibrant personality Pansy was, once she peeled off the layers of snobbishness and pureblood behaviour. More important, she had been Draco's rock in the darkest times, and for that, she deserved Hermione's respect. Naturally, Harry's arm slung around her shoulders. "How was Christmas with your parents?" he asked. "A bit weird with the warmth in Australia, but otherwise, as usual. 'When are you going to settle down with a nice man? All your friends have started a family, even Ron, why didn't you? Maybe, if you worked a little less?', " she imitated her mother's voice and rolled her eyes. Harry chuckled and pulled her a bit closer into his embrace. "James's with Ginny at the Burrow?" Harry's face fell a bit at her question. "Yeah. Ginny and Molly nagged me into coming along, but it didn't feel right, you know?" Hermione nodded her head in understanding and pressed a comforting kiss on his cheek. Comforting silence spread between them, until Harry addressed her, with a somewhat tensed undertone, "Shall we go for a little stroll in the gardens? I can't stand these gaping vultures anymore." She giggled, for she had spotted how many young witches looked at the Auror as if they stripped him with their eyes. "Yes, let's." The stroll turned out as an hour and a half talking, laughing and bantering. Harry repeatedly cast warming charms on her and she summoned their favourite red wine and some snacks for a spontaneous picnic. But Hermione couldn't shake the feeling that he held something important back. After a lengthy discussion about whether or not he should get James a toy broom for his third birthday, Hermione sighed deeply. "Spill it, Harry. There's something you aren't telling me." His hesitation was another proof to her. "I know it's all wrong, and you're most probably packing me with a ferret punch as soon I finished talking, but... I can't keep it to myself anymore. There's a reason why Ginny and me didn't work out anymore, Hermione." His green eyes held something akin of desperation. "You were too young to marry and to start a family. You haven't had the time between the war and the public's expectations to explore what you want," she listed the reasons she had thought of in the past year. "Close, but not entirely right. I still love Ginny, always will, but we weren't meant for each other. And Jamie is the best thing that could ever happen to me." "So? Where was the problem?" She could tell he was nervous, because he ran his hands through his dark hair, tousling it even more than it already was. Familiar with his habits, she reached out to straighten the untamable mass of raven hair again. That was when Harry's hands fell down to grip her wrists. "The reason was that I came to the conclusion, and Ginny even before me, that my heart belongs to someone else. It hit me like lightening exactly one year ago." With a weird sensation settling in the pit of her stomach at Harry's intense gaze, she remembered the last year's ministry function. It hit her like a hammer; the moment when the two of them shared one of their rare dances, shortly before midnight. They forgot the time, and when the clock chimed, they were still on the dancefloor together. The had locked eyes, and for a moment, she thought he'd leaned in to kiss her. She remembered the butterflies that erupted in her seemingly out of nowhere. But Harry had settled for a tight hug instead that left her breathless nonetheless. "What are you trying to tell me, Harry?" She could hear her own anxiety in her voice, torn between excitement and fear. He breathed in deeply. "I fell in love with my best friend." The elephant had made himself known spectacularly. "And I want her very much to want me back." For once, Hermione Granger was devoid of words. "I- I don't know what to say. I'm half-convinced that this is one of the weird dreams I had recently, involving you, me, and - forget it. I'm astonished." Relief flooded Harry's expression. "So, you're not punching me or hexing me?" "What? No! Harry… you know how much I love you. And I won't deny how much I thought about this scenario in the past months. But this is big. And... I have to think about the big things." The wizard dropped a gentle kiss on the crown of her head. "Alright. I'm very much aware I dropped a pretty heavy bomb on you. And I know how that brilliant mind of yours works. That's why I'm leaving you to think all of this through, okay? Just- just know, you mean the world to me, no matter how you decide." With a slightly elevated step, the man retreated to the building again. While many women would be appalled at the thought that a man declared his love to them and then left -she wasn't. She wasn't because she was Hermione Granger and he was Harry, her best friend, with whom she had been to Hell and back, who knew her better than anybody else. He emphasised with her, aware that she needed time to process the few, but oh so meaningful words they had exchanged. She debated her plans and intentions back and forth when she heard footsteps approaching. Confident steps, like the wizard that made them. "You look like you're in desperate need for a glass of champagne," Draco declared without introduction and handed her one. "Leave it to the Slytherin Prince to rescue the damsel in distress from her own mind." She took the champagne anyway. "How was Christmas for you?" Hermione asked in an attempt to distract herself. "Alcoholic, in one word. First with Theo and Blaise, then with Harry. He needed a shoulder to cry on, the sappy Gryffindor." No malevolence lay in his voice, only compassion. "I haven't delivered my last present yet." He produced a small box from his robe pocket. "Draco," she asked, honestly surprised, "is this for me?" "That depends on if you were naughty or nice this year." This goddamn smirk again. It should be forbidden. She snorted in reaction. "Well, I guess I have my answer then. Open it anyway." He handed her the box. Despite the darkness of the night only