The best movie and book I have watched and read was the Hunger Games. I'm eventually going to tell the whole story, so please don't get bored when your half way through. 75 years ago, in the ruins of a place once known as North America lies the nation of Panem, a shining Capitol surrounded by twelve outlying districts. Long ago the 13 districts waged war on the Capitol and were defeated. As part of the surrender terms, each district agreed to send one boy and one girl to appear in an annual televised event called, "The Hunger Games," a fight to the death on live TV. Only one of the twenty- four kids can survive... Below are the Districts in which they specialize: District 1 specializes in Luxury: Perfumer Furrier Jeweler Goldsmith Winemaker Hair Stylist District 2 specializes in Masonry: Stonemason Concrete Finisher Bricklayer Brickmason Plasterer Blacksmith District 3 specializes in Technology: Technical support Assembly operator Engineer Tester Technician District 4 specializes in Fishing: Longliner Trawler Canner Ship Captain Deckhand Fisherman District 5 specializes in Power: Power Plant security officer Geologist Equipment manager System analyst Maintenance District 6 specializes in Transportation: Porter Router Mechanic Conductor Baggage handler District 7 specializes in Lumber: Lumberjack Load Puller Lead Climber Furniture Builder Carpenter District 8 specializes in Textiles: Factory worker Weaver Dress maker Designer Warehouse manager Teacher District 9 specializes in Grain: Cropper Farmer Plower Sower Harvester District 10 specializes in Livestock: Butcher Milker Rancher Barn Manager Breeder District 11 specializes in Agriculture: Sorter Irrigator Farmhand Harvester Gardener District 12 specializes in Mining: Coal miner Geologist Blaster Surveyor Metallurgist Hob Merchant Early morning, in District 12(also known as the Seam), there was a ear-piercing scream in a worn down house. It turned out to be Katniss Everdeen's sister, who gotten a nightmare in the middle of the night. Katniss Everdeen, a sixteen year old girl, whose father died in a mine explosion, when she was twelve. She has experience in hunting, that her father had taught her how to hunt animals when he was still alive. She has now the privilege to take care of her family herself. The scream got quieted down, when Katniss sang to her twelve year old sister, Primrose Everdeen(also known as "Little Duck" and "Prim"). Prim dreamt about she was picked to go to the Hunger Games. She never wanted to go to the Games. Katniss told Prim," It's your first year Prim, your name's going to be in there once. They're not going to pick you." After calming her down on the bed, Katniss put on her jacket, and her hunting boots, and walked out of the house. She ran far away from her house, as people saw her, wondering where she might go. She ran until she went to the electrical wire, that separates the District from the forest. After she went to the forest, she went to an outdoor market, called the Black Market. Before Katniss left, her eyes fell on a circular pin, and it was really pretty. "What's this?" she asked the elderly lady, who owned the shop. "That's a mockingjay." replied the elderly lady. "How much?" Katniss asked. "You keep it. It's yours," the elderly lady replied. "Thank You." Katniss replied, moving her hands around the Mockingjay pin. When Katniss came home, she saw her sister, beautifully dress in a white shirt and a grayish white skirt. Her blonde hair was tied in two braids, that fell between her shoulders. "Look at you. You look beautiful." Katniss said with a smile. "I laid something for you, too." her mother said. Katniss took a shower and looked at the blue dress. It was a pretty dress, with a ribbon as a belt. She changed into the dress. Then, her mother came and did her hair, that was absolutely beautiful. Katniss gave her little sister the mockingjay pin. "Wanna see what I got you today? It's a Mockingjay pin. As long as you have it, nothing bad will happen to you. I promise." The Capitol has arrived to District 12. All the citizens from District 12 went out, including Prim and Katniss, who held hands together. When all the citizens came, a lady, who has white poofy hair, tapped on the microphone. Her name is Effie Trinket as she is in charge of all the tributes and the lottery drawing. She comes from the Capitol. "Welcome, welcome. The time has come to select one courageous young man and woman, for the honor to represent District 12, in the 74th annual Hunger Games. As usual, ladies first." Effie talked into the microphone. She walked to the glass container, filled with cards. Effie puts her hand into the container, scribbled around, and pulls one card out. She opened it and read out the name. "Primrose Everdeen." she said in the microphone. Prim didn't move. She wouldn't dare to. Everyone looked at her. "Well come on up." Effie said. Before Prim had a chance to get up on stage, Katniss thought, if she doesn't volunteer quickly, her sister would be killed, since she has no experience in fighting. "Prim! I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute." Katniss walked straight up to her sister, and said, "You need to get out of here. You need to get out of here. Go find mom. Go find mom, Prim, I'm so sorry. "No! No! No!" cried Prim, as she clutched the Mockingjay Pin. She was lifted by Gale, who is Katniss's long time friend, and taken to her mother. She walked right on stage with Effie and waited. Effie said in her Capitol accent, "This is an exciting moment! District 12′s very 1st volunteer! Well then, lets move on!" Who would be the male tribute? Effie went to another glass container, scribbled her hand in, and pulled out a card. "Peeta Mellark." she said. Peeta, the baker's son, had a crush on Katniss forever. Also, he saved her and her family from starving to death with a burnt bread he baked for her. They never talked… until now. When the two tributes said good-bye to their families, Katniss got to say good-bye to her sister and her mother. Her sister gave her the Mockingjay pin, so she will be safe. "Thank you, Prim." said Katniss, as she kissed her on the forehead. Katniss and Peeta got to a luxurious train, filled with expensive sofas, crystal chandeliers, delicious pastries, cake, china teacups, crystal candelabras and other expensive things. Their trip is to go to the shining, large Capitol. The train went 200 miles per hour, so they cannot feel anything. In the train, they meet Haymitch, their mentor and train friend. He was also the winner of the 50th annual Hunger Games. When they reach the Capitol, they have their own stylists, who will dress them up in costumes for the tribute parade. In the parade, they wear costumes, representing their district. In the Capitol, people dress weirdly. You might see the ladies have eyelashes, about 5 inches long. Or you might see an owner dye their dog pink. Probably, they will dye their skin. Katniss's stylist is Cinna, who nicknames her as "The Girl on Fire". At the parade,District 1 tributes wore pink outfits. Glimmer wore a large, pink feather headdress and a long dress with pink feather cape. Marvel wore a shiny tunic which also had a pink feather cape. The District 2 tributes wore gladiator-style costumes. The District 5 tributes wore glittery costumes with round shiny plates around their heads. The tributes from District 3 wore shiny costumes with headdresses that mimicked the complex innerworkings of electronics, District 4 wore starfish pins on their shoulders with pearls in their hair, and the tributes from District 10 wore gold and white cowboy costumes. The District 7 tributes wore body suits of paper and headdresses of paper fans. The District 8 tributes wore playful costumes of various, pink and blue fabrics. The tributes from District 9 wore body suits with rows of silver and gold to represent fields of grain, and they wore silver half circles behind their head. Katniss and Peeta stand together in coal black horses and chariot. They were wearing identical costumes, with fake fire (that looked real. But the secret is that the stylists, Cinna and Portia, used synthetic fire, to represent District 12. Because in District 12, you burn the coal) streaming behind them, like a fiery cape. While they were standing in the coal black chariot, Peeta tried to raise hands with Katniss, but she just tugged it away. "Come on, they'll like it." whispered Peeta. Katniss and Peeta put their hands together, and held it up high in the air, like they were proud to be in District 12. People, big and small, old to young, threw white and red roses to their chariot. The Tribute Parade ended, it was time for training in the Training Center. In the Training Center, there is archery, climbing, snares, camouflage, weights, knife throwing, medicine ball(a medicine ball is a ball that requires a lot of strength), sword, spear, and many others. In the Games, you will have 10% of infection, and 20% of dehydration. Atala, the head trainer told the rules…. " No fighting with other tributes. You'll have plenty of time to do that in the arena. My advise is DON'T IGNORE the survival skills. Twenty-three of you will die. One of you will not. Who that is depends on your ability to anticipate. Everyone wants to grab a sword, but lots of you will die from natural causes. Exposure can kill you as easily as a knife." Katniss saw a lot of the Careers, the tributes from District 1 and 2, who train illegally for the Games at a young age and volunteer. She saw Glimmer with a bow and arrow, who shot it in the middle. Clove was one of the ones that amazed Katniss. Every throw she made using her knife, she would always shoot the middle. After that, she saw something amazing. Peeta was painting his arm. She looked amazed to see that Peeta had such talent to paint the exact color and exact pattern of the tree beside them. All the details of that tree and his arm(including the moss on the tree) was amazing. Peeta's hobby was actually painting, since he always decorated the cakes in the bakery. When all of the tributes are finished, they go to their private dressing room with their stylists to dress them up for the interview with Caesar Flickerman. He is going to ask all the tributes if they are all ready for the Hunger Games, since it's the next day. The girl from District 1, Glimmer, was very beautiful and 'sexy'. Katniss also notes that her mentor probably didn't have much trouble thinking of an angle of approach to make herself seem a good bet. She wore a translucent silk dress. The boy from District 1, Marvel, showed confidence and made jokes during his interview. The boy from District 2, Cato, was noted as a monstrous, ruthless killing-machine. He said he was determined to win for his district. District 2's female tribute, wears a hundred percent stunning orange frilly dress that looks amazing on her, with her hair twisted in an elegant way on top of her head, was just like Cato, as well as arrogant. She was sarcastic but also sweet. The girl from District 5, nicknamed Foxface, was sly and elusive. She spoke very little but when she did Katniss noted that she was quiet. It was shown that she talked fast and used many intelligent words, such as "evaluate" and "conclude". The girl from District 11, Rue, was not very shy, saying her best strategy is her elusiveness in the arena. She was dressed in a gossamer gown complete with wings making the audience in awe of her. The boy from District 11, Thresh, was very huge and attempted to answer the questions with single word yes or no