Chapter Rating: T-ish(?) Warnings: Some bad language, snark, an unreliable narrator, slash, femslash, and a vaguely crackish premise. Word Count: ~6600 Pairings: Salazar Slytherin/Godric Gryffindor, Rowena Ravenclaw/Helga Hufflepuff Summary: The Founders have spent the last fifty years separated and drifting, but with Voldemort rising, they're headed back to Hogwarts once more. Between a wary Golden Trio, Umbridge, and Voldemort's shadowy plans, there's little time to deal with their own problems, even though Godric knows it's tearing the four of them apart—maybe even irreparably. Disclaimer: I don't hold the copyrights, I didn't create them, and I make no profit from this. Notes: This is totally not related to anything I should be writing at the moment. However, I'm currently 20k words into it and don't seem to be stopping, so I'm venturing to post. That said, expect extremely sporadic updates. This is my guilty pleasure story, which I work on when I can't manage anything else. (Story title from The Ballad of Reading Gaol by Oscar Wilde: Yet each man kills the thing he loves/By each let this be heard/Some do it with a bitter look/Some with a flattering word/The coward does it with a kiss/The brave man with a sword . Because Godric. Also, the entire story is totally inspired by Tumblr and a picture of the Founders I found on Google images; the link is on my profile.) And the brave man with a sword Chapter I The first thing Salazar says to him, after more than fifty years without so much as a word, is of course, "What in the name of Merlin did you do to your hair ?" Godric huffs and crosses his arms over his chest, glaring at the other boy. Because she's awful and a terrible friend and very much an enabler, Helga immediately starts giggling, ducking her head and half-turning away to hide behind a waterfall of honey-colored curls. "I hate you," Godric informs her crossly, and then looks at Salazar. "And for the record, I hate you too." Looking entirely unperturbed by this protestation of abhorrence—which, granted, might have a little less impact after nearly a thousand years of repetition—Salazar just smirks right back at him. "Adorable," he drawls, raising one dark brow. "But what does that have to do with the dead thing on your head?" "A Chinese Fireball took offense at my intrusion into her nesting grounds. You're lucky my hair is all that she managed to get, or you'd have a very toasty corpse answering your call," Godric retorts. Immediately, Salazar's brows furrow into a deep frown, and Helga stops giggling, straightening up with a worried expression. "A dragon ?" Salazar repeats, looking half a heartbeat away from hexing him. "Godric, you know I have utmost faith in your abilities—" "You do?" Godric mutters grouchily. "—but you have the common sense of—of—" "Of something very nonsensical, I'm sure," Rowena cuts in dryly, stepping forward. She looks no less terrifying as a fifteen-year-old girl than she once did as an aged and practiced witch, and out of several lifetimes' worth of habit, Godric automatically offers her his arm. She smiles at him, an arch, faintly smug curl of perfectly red lips, and tucks her hand into his elbow. "Thank you, Godric, very sweet of you. Let's find a compartment before they're all filled, shall we?" Salazar harrumphs, but follows as they head towards the gleaming scarlet train, and Helga falls into step with him. "I have a pair of scissors in my bag," she offers. "I can try to trim your hair a bit, if you'd like. Or I'm sure Rowena knows a charm—" "No," Godric says instantly—perhaps a little too quickly, given the way Rowena's perfectly painted nails stab into his flesh. It makes him yelp, but practice keeps him from pulling away; that would only make things worse in the long run. (He wonders for a moment, just vaguely, why he's even friends with these people.) "Nothing against her charms, be they magical or otherwise," he adds quickly, and Rowena is flattered enough to withdraw her talons. "But after that last incident in Moscow, I'd rather not have magic any closer to my hair than absolutely necessary." "I apologized!" Helga protests, though she still sounds faintly guilty. "And that's why I offered the scissors. I'm much better with food charms." Salazar brushes past Godric, making him glance up for a moment, but the dark-haired wizard doesn't look back at him, opening a door to check if a compartment is empty. It is, save for a young man sprawled out asleep in the corner, and he raises a brow at Rowena in question. She considers it with a tip of her chin, then shakes her head, and Salazar closes the door and heads for the next one without shadows behind the glass. "We know that," she soothes the blonde, glancing back with a soft curve to her lips. Godric doesn't protest when she pats his arm and pulls away, stepping back to walk alongside her friend. Helga beams up at her brilliantly, and Rowena smiles in return, the usually assessing and slightly distant look in her eyes buried under a surge of warmth. Godric feels something tight and coiled and cold in his chest finally begin to loosen and ease. This is why he's friends with them, even after so long. Even after so many differences of opinion and arguments and fights he thought would break them apart entirely. It's been a long fifty years indeed, to go without seeing or speaking to a single one of them. "Here," Salazar says, sweeping into a compartment near the end of the corridor. "Now find those scissors. I refuse to be seen in the company of someone who looks like they had their head attacked by a Venomous Tentacula with Fire Rot." "Agreed," Rowena adds, entirely unnecessarily. She closes the door firmly behind them, right in the face of a curious blond boy with pointy features. "And you've yet to tell us what you were doing in China in the first place, Godric. Is your Mandarin still as awful as I remember?" Obediently, Godric allows himself to be steered to the floor, settling cross-legged with his back to Helga as she fishes around in her bag. "My Mandarin is just fine, thank you," he retorts. "It's amazing what being thrown headlong into a culture can do for one's language skills. I was in the mountains, following rumors of another Philosopher's Stone. The man was a complete hack, but he at least had the sense to build his lab in the middle of dragon territories." "And you had the complete lack of sense to go charging in right after him," Salazar adds with a snort, slumping down on the bench across from Godric with his arms crossed over his chest and his pale eyes hooded. "Of course. Business as usual, right, Godric?" Godric's temper, already chronically short and not at all helped by the two days of rushed traveling it took him to reach London in time, gives way with an almost audible crack. "Well, it's not as though I could call anyone for backup!" he snaps, and then closes his teeth sharply on the rest of the words that want to come out. Their separation certainly hadn't been his idea, but after he'd gotten Rowena's message he'd made a resolution with himself that he wouldn't say anything to that effect. There's been enough tension between them in the last century; he doesn't need to be adding more. Silence falls in the compartment, stiff and stifling. Godric can only see Salazar, but the Slytherin's face is completely unreadable, blank as stone, and that hurts more than fifty years of empty loneliness. He looks away first, because he's brave, yes, but not brave enough to show Salazar just how unhappy he's been recently, and he knows if he holds that pale grey stare Salazar will be able to see right through him. He won't even have to use Legilimency; Salazar simply knows him too well, and always has. "Well?" he asks gruffly, clearing his throat as he turns resolutely to look out the window. "I thought we were cutting my hair before it could offend your delicate sensibilities any further?" There's one more long, lingering moment of silence, and then Rowena snorts, utterly at odds with her perfectly pressed, ladylike appearance. She crosses in front of Godric to take a seat next to Helga, just within Godric's peripheral vision, and drawls, "Believe me, Godric, after a millennia of your company, it takes far more than that mop to offend anything about us. But I'd rather we not show up to the school for the first time in centuries looking like we picked a hobo up on the way somewhere." Her tone is one of practiced disinterest, carefully distant and amused, but there's a Scottish lilt to her words that usually remains mostly buried. The burr speaks of upset quickly buried, some sort of emotion swiftly but messily suppressed, and Godric has to restrain a wince. He's often considered simply charming himself mute—it would eliminate most moments like this, though probably not all of them. Godric knows his own ability to stick his foot in his mouth, verbally or otherwise. There's a softly indrawn breath from behind him, and Godric closes his eyes, berating himself. Helga, of course, would take that the hardest; she always hates it when the rest of them get hurt and she isn't in a position to help. But the hand he can half-see is steady, and Godric keeps his mouth shut, both because if he says anything now he'll probably just make it worse, and because he honestly doesn't regret it. It's true, after all. Just…somewhat more blunt than he should have been. That's always been something of a problem with him. The snip of the scissors is comforting, rhythmic and steady, and Godric focuses on that rather than anything else, keeping his eyes firmly closed. Helga is gentle as she tips his head one way and then the other, turning him back around to face front. "Is short all right?" she asks softly. "Of course. Whatever you think is best." It's as much of an apology as Godric is willing to offer, but from the light touch on his shoulder, she understands. After all, it's more than likely Helga was none too happy with their parting, either. Because, despite all of her iron strength and unbending will, Helga is above all quick to forgive, she laughs at him, scrubbing a hand over his fiery hair. "I don't think I could manage anything else," she teases gently. "I've yet to find even two pieces the same length. And there's still ash in your hair. Honestly, didn't you even bother to bathe, Godric?" "Of course I did!" Godric protests, wounded. "What do you take me for, a heathen? But I barely had time to get in the shower before Rowena's message reached me, and then I had to leave immediately or I'd have missed the train." Rowena scoffs. "That doesn't excuse you from basic hygiene," she informs him, and then adds to Helga, "Isn't that bit too long there? He'll look more like a monkey than ever if you leave it like that." Godric rolls his eyes, but suffers in silence. Helga hums softly, and then the scissors return, snipping more determinedly. "You're right." She blithely ignores the sound of offended protest Godric makes. "Maybe…a little longer on the top? That's popular nowadays. Spiky?" "With that color hair? Too many spikes and he'll look like someone set his head on fire. Again." Rowena sounds all too amused, but then her tone changes to something far more businesslike. "So everyone knows their stories? I'm not going to have to make any last-minute adjustments because someone's feeling ' creative '?" Salazar, at whom this last bit is directed, looks unconcerned. He's still watching Godric, though, so that could be a large part