1. Filius Flitwick did not take a personal interest in students very often. Oh, he was friendly, of course, and he was there when his house needed him. But he usually kept himself at a distance on an individual level. This was easy since he was often underestimated, being small and elderly with a squeaky voice. No one usually paid him much attention, forget that none of those things decided magical power. He was an acceptable teacher and that was about it. That was a big deal, however, because Filius Flitwick had been at Hogwarts as long as Slughorn or Dumbledore and usually everyone had favorites. Dumbledore's favorite had been Minerva McGonagall, who went on to become Hogwarts Transfiguration professor. McGonagall, though she'd never admit to it, had been very fond of James Potter, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, and Peter Pettigrew. Slughorn's favorite had been Tom Riddle, who miraculously did not seem to have ever noticed Flitwick as anything remotely powerful. Flitwick had been overlooked, even by Tom Riddle, and he preferred it that way. These days he enjoyed curling up beside the fire in the staff room with a tray of sweets and a Charms periodical. He had simple desires at heart. But cautiously, this time he himself had taken a personal interest in a student. Yes, everyone knew the story of Harry Potter, but Flitwick's curiosity was only personally peaked when he heard about the boy's star sign alignment at birth. "It is really a very interesting chart," Professor Sinistra had been saying with bright interest in the staff room about a week before Harry Potter's first term started. "Even down to the time of birth. His Rising Sign is Aquarius and his Moon is in Pisces - which is curious enough. But then his Sun Sign is Leo. All that and it's centered by all the drama, energy, and regality of Leo." Using this alignment chart to hazard a guess at what Harry Potter might be like, Flitwick had decided to keep the excitement over Harry Potter's entrance into his first class at a minimum. Respect was required for Leo, while adoration might fuel good-natured mocking from Aquarius. He stood on his usual pile of books to see over his desk, and when he called, "Potter, Harry!" he looked in Harry's direction as the boy silently raised his hand. Flitwick gave him a respectful little nod and continued. It was a Monday, the last period before lunch, Harry Potter's first day of classes. Perfect. Flitwick's attention was further peaked as the class went on. He had them take some theory notes and then simply had them practice flexing their magic back and forth inside their wands on that first day. Standard protocol. Harry Potter was almost carefully quiet and polite, like he was hiding something. This was a bit reminiscent of Tom Riddle, especially with the pale skin and dark hair and orphaned Muggle background, but there were a few key differences. First, Harry's fate patently lay on the other side of the political line. Second, Harry knew where he came from and it was from Light Side wizarding parents with money. Third, Harry had been Sorted into Gryffindor while Tom Riddle had been a Slytherin - which was not a good versus evil, but did show where personality traits if not priorities lay. There was another important difference between Tom Riddle and Harry Potter - Harry Potter did not seem bothered by the fact that he did no better than the others. This was interesting particularly as he was supposed to be famous, powerful, and arrogant. Flitwick saw him peek carefully around and make sure he was doing no worse than the others. But after that he relaxed, and matter of factly and silently set to simply doing as well as he could. He was obviously completely untrained, which was expected coming from Muggles, but he was trying. He wasn't the best in the Gryffindor class, that was Miss Hermione Granger, but this did not seem to anger him. He kept his polite, cool, even temper. That cemented it. Flitwick decided to talk to him. Harry Potter intrigued him. There was his fabulous history, of course - but Harry Potter seemed to be making quite an effort to be just like everyone else and truth be told, if Harry Potter had been a giant, attention seeking prat with an uninteresting star alignment, Flitwick wouldn't have approached him. "Mr Potter," Flitwick called as everyone was packing up to leave at the end of class, "do you mind staying behind for a few minutes, please?" Harry paused and looked over at the Gryffindor boy he currently seemed closest to, one of the countless Weasleys that had been peppering Hogwarts halls for many years now. The boy shrugged and Harry said, "Sure." He sounded confused, even worried. He stood by Flitwick's desk and they waited for everyone else to leave. Hermione Granger came up and talked to Flitwick for a good few minutes, wanting earnestly from the first to be an excellent student, but finally she left. The door closed and they were alone in the quiet. "Sir, is something wrong?" said Harry immediately. "Have I behaved incorrectly? It's just, I'm not used to being around here and if I've done something wrong -" "You have done nothing wrong, Mr Potter. Everyone starts at the beginning here and manners are about the same in both worlds." Harry relaxed and Flitwick frowned, concerned. "Are you used to modifying your behavior in order to supposedly avoid doing something 'wrong', Mr Potter? That's common among Muggleborns. But I can tell you, here you'll find you fit in much better. There is no need to modify any behavior at Hogwarts." Perhaps that was what he had been hiding. Harry seemed genuinely relieved. "Thank you, sir," he said. "You are wondering, then, why I have asked you to stay behind?" Flitwick guessed. "Not to be rude or anything, but yes." "Ah!" Flitwick beamed, levitated the books out of the way with his wand, and took a seat at his desk, waving to the seat across from him. Harry sat slowly down, putting down his book bag. "Truth be told, Mr Potter, I'm quite interested in you. And it's not actually because of your story. I was intrigued by the astronomical calculations surrounding your birth and your magical energies." "What… does that mean?" Harry asked finally, frowning. "It is an extended conversation. If you'd like, this afternoon we can meet after classes and talk about it. I think it might be quite enlightening for you, particularly in the context of your own life and magic, but I'm sure right now you'd like to go to lunch," said Flitwick, smiling. Harry flicked back a wry smile in agreement, a rare sign of openness. "But the point is, I am interested in you, and that's what I wanted to tell you. "Professor McGonagall is your Gryffindor head of house, but I get the feeling she might be hard to approach." "She scares me a little," Harry admitted, and Flitwick laughed. "Yes, well. She certainly is very stern. A good teacher, though. Now, I am Ravenclaw head of house and you are a Gryffindor, so this situation would be quite unusual. But I would like to offer myself as a possible mentor figure." Harry's eyebrows rose in surprise. "I have several good qualifications besides being a Charms professor," Flitwick continued matter of factly. "I have been teaching as long as Dumbledore. I am a former duelist. I am part goblin. And I was almost a Gryffindor myself - I was what's called a Hatstall, caught evenly between two houses, that of the brave and that of the learned and creative. "So I believe I am in a unique position to help you out." "I'm sorry, sir, I think I might have underestimated you," said Harry at last, green eyes wider with surprise behind his round, wire-rimmed glasses. "That's alright, Harry, many people do," said Flitwick kindly. "So what do you say?" "I… I'd like that. I'm new in the wizarding world, so I'll need as much help as I can get," Harry admitted frankly. "Sir… sir, you said it's possible to be caught between two houses." "Yes?" said Flitwick, hoping this might be a way to show Harry could trust him. Harry looked at him sideways. "I think… if I hadn't chosen Gryffindor… I might have been a Hatstall as well," he said. "Or I might have been put in a different house altogether. You see, sir, I was… I was almost a Slytherin." He winced as he admitted it, as though this was like saying he had venereal disease. Flitwick smiled and decided not to tell Severus Snape. The man might die from horror. "Yes, I did notice your Sorting took an unusually long time, Harry," he said. "But there's nothing wrong with that. Contrary to popular myth, Slytherin does not automatically equal evil. One of the greatest champions of Muggle rights throughout history was a Slytherin; I'm sure you've heard of the medieval wizard Merlin?" Harry's eyebrows rose. "Exactly," said Flitwick, pleased. "Let's break down the main Slytherin traits. The one that may be most attractive to you is loyalty. That's right, loyalty is not a Gryffindor trait. Gryffindors are brave and noble but perfectly capable of turning on each other. The houses least likely to turn on their own are actually Hufflepuff and Slytherin. "Slytherins are also ambitious. There is nothing wrong with this, yes? It depends on what the ambition is and how one goes about attaining it. Ambition itself is actually considered a good thing. Do you consider yourself loyal and ambitious, Harry?" Harry thought about it. "Well, I never really had any friends growing up… everyone thought I was odd… so I guess I do feel very attached to the people I do find in my life. Even if they maybe have faults. And… I want to prove myself," he said, determined. "I want to not fall to the back of the class for having been raised by Muggles. Everyone thinks I'm some amazing person, but I want to prove myself as a wizard on my own merits." "That's very noble, Harry. So see? Here we have Gryffindor and Slytherin traits working together to form the person that you are. Here's another question, how do you respond to cruelty?" "With sarcasm," Harry admitted, looking a little sheepish again. "And sometimes something…" "A little worse?" Flitwick guessed, amused. "Definitely Slytherin. But your ability to stand up to other people, that's very Gryffindor. "We have one last Slytherin trait, and that's cunning. This sounds on the surface to be the worst thing, doesn't it? Cunning. It sounds so malicious. Cunning is being willing to do anything to get it done - and that goal you want done can be a good one. So cunning can really be seen as resourcefulness, and perhaps some disregard for the rules in the name of an objective." "Rebellion, almost," said Harry thoughtfully. "A quieter form of rebellion than that perhaps exhibited by the Weasley twins, yes," said Flitwick, and a second ghost of a wry smile flitted across Harry's face. "So, see? "You have the Gryffindor traits - bravery, defiance, fierce heartedness, an innate sense of what is noble. But you also have the Slytherin traits - loyalty, ambition, resourcefulness, a quiet disregard for the rules, and a definite sense of sarcasm. "Now does that sound bad to you?" "No, sir," Harry admitted. "Is that a very Ravenclaw way of putting it?" "Well, we relentlessly analyze everything and spout out new ideas because of it," Flitwick mused. "So, yes, probably. But like you, I also have all the Gryffindor traits. See?" He smiled brightly, and Harry at last gave a true smile back. "Thank you, sir," he repeated warmly. "I feel much better now. I guess… there's this boy I hate who's in Slytherin, and You Know Who