Chapter One Considering all the times he'd tried to hurt her on purpose, the fact that Ingrid's cousin ended up nearly cracking a rib accidentally was almost ironic in retrospect. All the times Dudley had tried to pound her and that accident was what did it. Ingrid could remember the afternoon clearly because of the smarting rib, and because just before that her Aunt Petunia had slapped her for letting the toasted sandwiches meant for lunch burn. Aunt Petunia was busy that day, actually. She was the one who started the fight with Uncle Vernon, too. At about twelve-thirty, when Ingrid was about six years old, on a sunny summer afternoon Aunt Petunia decided to make toasted sandwiches. "My Duddy needs good food," said Aunt Petunia, looking fondly at her pudgy son and ignoring expertly her stick-thin niece. Aunt Petunia had once said that Ingrid would never be large no matter how hard she tried; she seemed to have given up on that endeavor long ago. Her peach organdy flower printed dress fluttered around her bony hips and white pencil legs as she bustled, business-like, around the kitchen, putting the sandwiches together and frying them. She carefully took out the mayonnaise, sliced roast beef, sliced cheese, mustard, and sourdough bread, using a different knife for each sauce, careful to wipe up every drop that landed on the counter with a paper towel even as she made the sandwiches. Aunt Petunia's brand of housewifery was a lesson in proud precision. Ingrid had wandered out into the kitchen to watch; Dudley was glued to the television set in the living room. They were the same age, but they didn't seem able to connect with any of the same things. Dudley enjoyed video games, Ingrid could sit outside for hours watching birds in a tree and imagining their chirping conversations with what Aunt Petunia called "a spaced-out look on her face"; the differences continued from there. The reason she remembered Aunt Petunia's dress skirt and bony hips so well, her white pencil legs and knobby ankles, was because she was small enough that this was where her line of eyesight was. Aunt Petunia was not a pretty woman; she had a long face, her cheeks drawn in and her lips usually persed over crooked teeth, her neck was just that little bit too long to be considered natural and elegant. Yet she had a kind of rangy, handsome elegance to her, "Marlene Dietrich" as Uncle Vernon sometimes said fondly. Her blonde hair was always in a perfect, gleaming gold chiffon, not a stray out of place; her nails carefully filed and her hands lotioned and powder clean; her makeup as pristine as warpaint and her eyes like arctic, steely blue chips of ice. All at once Aunt Petunia appeared to notice Ingrid watching her. She seemed, as always, irritated when Ingrid zoned out. "Watch the sandwiches for a moment," she said, throwing down her spatula unceremoniously on the kitchen counter beside the toasting pan. "Grab the stool and come here." Hesitantly, Ingrid took up the stool almost as big as she was and hefted it over with effort before the stove. "Stand on top of it." Ingrid stood, ducking her head as if in some weird approximation of a Japanese bob. "You know how to watch the stove, right?" "Yes, Aunt Petunia." Aunt Petunia had begun teaching and assigning Ingrid chores - cooking, cleaning, and gardening - about a year ago. Ingrid had once made the mistake of asking why Dudley was not given chores. Uncle Vernon had cuffed her around the ear and told her that obviously it was because boys didn't cook and clean. Dudley would prove himself in other ways, by "working on providing things," the way Uncle Vernon did with his big business job - though what exactly Dudley was supposed to be providing at six years old, Ingrid had no idea. Also Dudley was their biological son, so - it was unspoken - he belonged here already, and had to do nothing to earn his keep. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia weren't being compensated for Ingrid. Whatever that meant. Uncle Vernon, who watched the news and said words like "compensated" a great deal, complained about it often. "Very well, then," said Aunt Petunia now. "I'm going to go check on Dudley, and maybe bring him a snack. Don't burn anything." Her heels clacked across the tile and out of the kitchen. Ingrid took up the spatula and poked in what she felt was a brisk, businesslike way at the sandwiches a great deal. That seemed to be the thing to do when one was cooking something on the stove. The stove was, like everything else in Aunt Petunia's home, shining and pristine. Aunt Petunia scrubbed windowsills with her formidable collection of toothbrushes and polished the entire kitchen every evening before bed, vacuuming and dusting every two days. Ingrid had often wondered which came first, Aunt Petunia's obsession with perfection or her home. The Dursleys - plus their niece Ingrid Potter - lived in a private gated community, an upper class Surrey suburb called Little Whinging. Everything was perfect here. Stone ivy-climbing walls, proper English gardens, paved roads with lamp posts, long rows of spacious boxy white houses with shiny cars in the driveways filled with people with gleaming white teeth and lovely puddings and once-a-week maid service. The Dursleys' house was "just moderate of decadent," a lovely term Aunt Petunia had once used to describe her home. Everything was white, from the high slanted ceilings and stainless walls to the kitchen and bathroom tiles, the counters, the lacy curtains, and the piled carpets. There was a massive red brick fireplace, a polished mantel piece, and very fine furniture. Aunt Petunia's collection of prized vases sat on various little end tables throughout the house, each vase filled regularly with fresh flowers from the flower beds in the front garden that Aunt Petunia tended herself. She would wear one of her big sunhats and her white gardening gloves and kneel out there in the front garden, or sometimes in the back garden to dig up weeds and keep the surrounding trees, the shed, and the flat green lawn smooth and clean. She always wore her denim dress for this, her bony white knees obvious; this was the closest she ever got to "casual." "What on earth are you doing?!" Ingrid was startled out of her daze and realized she'd been gazing absently out the kitchen window at the back garden. The sandwiches were burning, unnoticed, in their pan before her. Aunt Petunia rushed right over, tugged Ingrid by the ear and pulled her down in front of her. Ingrid made a sound of pain. Aunt Petunia slapped her across the face. "What did I say?! What did I just say?! I asked of you one thing: not to burn lunch!" Ingrid tried to make herself smaller, shoulders hunched as she stared miserably at the floor. She didn't want to cry, as Dursleys despised tears, but traitorous drops welled up despite themselves. She felt useless. "Sorry, Aunt Petunia," she said softly. Her cheek stung. "Go into the living room while I fix this mess." It was the last thing Ingrid wanted to do, face her much larger cousin Dudley in a vulnerable state, but Aunt Petunia's orders were not to be trifled with. She shuffled reluctantly toward the living room. "And stop shuffling!" Ingrid forced herself to walk more clearly. She entered the living room and paused hesitantly just inside the doorway. Dudley had turned around from his television induced vegetable state, watching with a startling amount of focus as Ingrid entered the room. He saw her, the upset and fear painted across her expression, and a slow grin formed across his big, gleaming, red face. "Aww, the baby's crying again," he said gleefully in a high voice. "I am not," said Ingrid immediately, frowning, though this was technically an untruth. Dudley lumbered to his feet, his big mother-bought sweaters and pants somehow not making his humongous size any less threatening. "Do you want me to really give you something to cry about?" "No - Dudley - please -" Ingrid backed up half a step and then ran for the hallway. "Toughen up already!" Dudley demanded, as though this was already a decided thing, a birthday gift he wanted that he was determined his parents would get for him. They were the same parroted words Uncle Vernon often said. Then his footsteps thundered across the living room and in a few great strides he had her pinned to the floor, sitting on top of her stomach. She could barely breath, gasping with effort. "Your parents told you to stop hitting me," she forced out. This was true. Ingrid was small, thin, and wiry, and more than that, she was a girl. Good boys didn't hit little girls, didn't hit little sister figures - not even defective little sister figures like Ingrid. Dudley paused, the grin fading from his face. "You'll get in trouble," Ingrid gasped, chest heaving under the heavy weight. This thought did not seem to have occurred to Dudley. A startled look came over his face - then it screwed up and he began wailing. He got off of Ingrid, which was some relief, but this was only to have a fit, throwing a tantrum. He fell onto the ground, flailed his fists and feet, screeched at the top of his lungs, writhed like an undulating reddish pink slug in wool on the floor. Ingrid could not get away without being hurt, so she turned onto her side, curled up into a little ball, and stayed very still, trying to protect as much of herself as she could from Dudley's fists. Dudley loved purposeful punching and loved tantrums and Ingrid was usually the closest available child, so in this Ingrid was an expert. Dudley's fists and feet glanced off of her, and just as Aunt Petunia ran back into the living room, one limb hit Ingrid's side and she felt a hot knife of pain, letting out an involuntary screech. "Dudley! Dudley, stop it!" Aunt Petunia ran over, grabbing Ingrid hard by the arm and yanking her out of the way. "Move," she demanded, like a lifeguard who still had to get everyone else safely back into the boat. Ingrid backed up against the doorframe on her butt, still gasping and a bit teary eyed, but mostly just staring in blank horror at Dudley's writhing fit. During previous tantrums like these, Aunt Petunia had always just assumed that Ingrid had provoked Dudley and Ingrid had always just assumed that Dudley could stop whenever he felt like it. But Dudley wasn't stopping. He was working himself into a right state, screaming at the top of his lungs, foaming white spit flying, and throwing his limbs all over the floor. His face and neck were the color of a tomato. "Girl! Is it broken?" Aunt Petunia demanded for what was probably not the first time, knelt before Ingrid and glaring intently into her face. Ingrid swallowed and felt her side. "No," she said, shaking her head. "Just hurts a bit. Bruise, probably." Aunt Petunia nodded and turned back to Duddy, half standing as if not sure what to do. "Duddy," she said loudly over the screeches. "Duddy, would you like a treat? Duddy, you must calm down. Duddy -" She had gotten too close and Dudley socked her right in the stomach, he still screaming. Ingrid realized the gasp that followed had issued from her own lips as Aunt Petunia let out a breath and bent over, paling, pure shock on her face. She stumbled away from her son. Dudley still hadn't stopped. Ingrid imagined him bursting a blood vessel and dying, her great and frequent tormentor, and then felt ashamed of herself. "He won't stop," Aunt Petunia whispered. "He won't stop." Later, after Dudley had finally calmed down and been