Disclaimer: I do not own, nor make any profit from Percy Jackson and the Olympians or The Heroes of Olympus. While East Hampton, Montauk, Three Mile Harbor, and Main Beach are real places, all other mentioned locations are of my own imagination. This is a mortal AU, and a boy/boy fic. If that's not your cup of tea, don't read. I've had this idea in the back of my mind for a while now, mostly bc I wanted Percy in a Toga, and thanks to Takara Pheonix's Summer Contest, I had an excuse to finally write it down. Summer Love Ψ Nico was irritated. He and his best friend Jason had made their own plans for summer vacation. They were going to take Jason's new convertible—a gift from his dad—and drive to San Diego from NYU (where the dynamic duo were currently studying) for Comic Con—Jason was also planning on dragging him to the Air and Space Museum and the San Diego Zoo. Road trip! But no, his father had decided to take an interest in him for once. He demanded Nico go on their family vacation, end of discussion. So instead of a road trip with Jason he was forced to go to East Hampton with his dad Hades Di Angelo, step-mother Persephone, and older sister Bianca. Nico's summer was supposed to be awesome: him, his best bro, junk food, no annoying parents, and of course Mythomagic. One of the special guests at Comic Con this year was Ares La Rue, the creator of Mythomagic (a.k.a. the greatest game of all time). Nico couldn't wait to meet him. There were also rumors that a limited edition Kronos figurine and holographic trading card in the original packaging would be up for sale at the Art Show. They only made a thousand of the Kronos figurines and even less of the holographic cards. He was super rare and super powerful; he had 8000 attack power plus if played in conjunction with the card gave you the ability to reverse play! Nico would be lying if he said he wasn't planning on spending all of his pocket money on that. It was bad enough he had to miss out on Jason, San Diego, and Comic Con. But as far as Nico was concerned missing out Ares La Rue and the Kronos figurine was salt in his wounds—he had saved up all semester for this trip, and the kicker? This little family vacation was for a month. A whole month of his father's disapproving stares and step-mother's snide remarks. One of the perks of college was living in a dorm and not with his jerk of a father, and now he was forced to spend nearly his entire summer break with the man. What joy. Nico really didn't care for the beach. It was too hot, too sunny, and too humid for his tastes. With his pale olive skin he much rather preferred indoor activities where the air-conditioning was in excess. Nico liked it cold. Not that he was some scrawny little nerd. On the contrary, Nico stood at an impressive six foot two and, thanks to his love of swordplay and CrossFit, had quite the sculpted body. Going to the gym with Jason was an indoor activity after all. Ψ Nico was grumbling to himself, annoyed by the humidity that made his black hair curl up even more than usual, as he hauled his suitcase through the impressive lobby of Aphrodite's Pearl, the finest hotel and spa in all of East Hampton, while trailing behind his sister and parents. When he saw Hades at the front desk he plopped down on the edge of Aphrodite's Fountain—a big obnoxious thing depicting Aphrodite's birth from sea foam—to wait for him to finish checking in. After several minutes his family came walking over to him. "You're in room 317. Drop off your bags and get changed. Meet us back in the lobby; we're going out for dinner. Don't dawdle," Hades barked at him while flinging a key-card at Nico's lap. At least I get my own room, Nico thought to himself, "Whatever," he snapped before hauling himself up and following them towards the elevators. "Cheer up baby brother. Think on the positive. Free vacation! It'll be fun," encouraged Bianca. "Fun? That's easy for you to say, you actually tan. I burn like it's my job. There's a reason I don't go to the beach!" Bianca snorted, "The beach? You don't go outside! You spend all your time at comic book stores or at the gym with Jason. Don't worry; I'll help wean you into a tan! Besides, what's the point of a six-pack if you don't show it off? We'll get you a boyfriend yet!" she teased, causing Nico to roll his eyes. Ψ Twenty minutes later had the Di Angelo family walking to a restaurant on one of the numerous beaches, much to Nico's chagrin. Nico was sulking in this ridiculous heat, wearing black trousers, a dark grey button down, and a black vest. At least he decided against wearing a tie. Nico was just about to stop at a cafe for a bottle of water when he saw him: a gorgeous boy with beautiful tanned skin, wavy black hair, and unnaturally bright sea green eyes. The beautiful siren was wearing a toga the color sea foam that fell to just above his knees, leather gladiator sandals that wrapped up his long legs, a silver crown of laurels embellished with shells and pearls, and he was carrying a silver trident. Nico stopped in his tracks and licked his lips. He wanted so badly to have those long luscious legs wrapped around his waist while he pondered that fine ass. Nico immediately shook his head trying to clear it of his sudden dirty thoughts. Bianca, who was ahead of Nico, stopped as well, looking around for her missing brother. She spotted him and walked back to Nico's side, only then noticing what had distracted him. "Oh, he's gorgeous. You have great taste Nicky. Go and talk to him I'll cover for you," she said while giving him a push in the boy's direction. "What? No! No. What's the point? We're on vacation and-" "Shush, have you never had a summer fling? He's hot, go for it," she interrupted while dragging her brother towards the gorgeous boy. "I'm not that kind of guy Bia; I do relationships not one night stands." "Of course not; you're not just gonna bend him over and leave right after. He will be your summer love: hot, passionate, steamy. You have a month to woo and entice him, make him yours before the seasons change," she said while gesturing to the siren. Nico licked his lips, warming up to Bianca's plan. She continued dragging him towards the siren and grabbed the beauty's elbow. He immediately turned to face them and wow, just wow. Those eyes, those lips, he was even more toned and tanned and perfect up close. He stood several inches shorter than Nico and had a lithe swimmer's build. Nico had a nearly overwhelming urge to reach out and touch every bit of tanned skin peeking out of that toga. "May I interest you in one of Neptune's Nautical Adventures?" asked the boy, "We offer deep-sea fishing, whale watching, swimming with dolphins, jet-skiing, sailing lessons, parasailing, boat charters, and more! Neptune's Nautical Adventures is also the only water-sports business on the island that offers family and couple packages, and we have very reasonable rates," he finished with a dazzling smile. "Actually, I just wanted a photo. Our party is having a little photo scavenger hunt and a representation of Neptune was on the list, you don't mind, do you?" lied Nico smoothly pulling out his smart phone, which he tossed to Bianca. "Hi, yes, sure, I'll take a photo. What all do you have to find, maybe I could be of assistance?" he replied, snuggling up under the arm Nico threw around him. "Just a few more things, let's see…we still need a sand dollar, a blue boat, and…a dolphin," Nico listed while sneaking his hand lower and lower down the back of his green-eyed beauty. "Oh yes!" squealed Bianca as she snapped a few photos, "you could take us swimming with dolphins!" "Well, I'm afraid it's too late for that, our last session for the day was booked a few hours ago. But head over to the south end of Main Beach; it's a great spot for dolphin watching, plus it's a hot spot for beach combing—it has tons of shells; and you're bound to see a blue boat out on the water. If not, Three Mile Harbor is home to several marinas so you can definitely find one there," he smiled with a blush as Nico's hand sneaked towards the top of his ass. The green eyed boy had to bite back a moan when the sexy stranger's hand grazed over the small of his back—his most sensitive spot. Not that he himself wasn't also enjoying the firm abs he felt underneath that dress shirt and vest as he posed for their photo. "Thank-you for the help…I'm sorry, but I didn't catch your name," Nico inquired, thickening his Italian accent just a bit. "Oh, sorry, that was rude of me. I'm Percy; it's nice to meet you." An adorable name for an adorable boy , Nico thought to himself, "I'm Nico, this is my sister Bianca, the pleasure is all mine," Nico introduced while kissing the back of Percy's free hand, eliciting another delicious blush, "Thank-you for your help Percy." And oh, didn't Percy just love the way Nico said his name! "I-it's not a problem," he said, and damn did he have to stutter? He was already blushing! "Would you like a brochure?" "I would love one. See you around Percy," said Nico with a wink. He took the offered brochure and continued on towards the restaurant with Bianca, the both of them comparing notes about Percy on their way. His sister was seriously the world's greatest wingman. The siblings rushed to reach the beach-side restaurant. Their dad was going to be pissed. Nico checked his watch and picked up their pace. Bianca and Nico were sweaty and out of breath as they ran into the restaurant and plopped into the seats across from their parents. Nico warily eyed the plate in front of him, poking something spongy with his fork. "It's about time. You've kept us waiting nearly an hour. What on earth were you two doing?" snapped Hades as he frowned at their disheveled appearances. "Sorry Daddy we-" Bianca began before being interrupted by Persephone. "I hope you don't mind, but since the two of you were so incredibly late I took the liberty of ordering for you. You have in front of you grilled tofu and vegetables over rice, it's wonderfully healthy," she said while glaring at Nico. Great…Nico hated tofu. His step-mother was a vegetarian and was always trying to get him and Bianca to convert too. Too bad he had a wild love affair with meat—he would never give up his bacon! Nico was so distracted by poking his tofu he didn't notice his father reaching for his Neptune's Nautical Adventures brochure until it was too late. "So this is what held you up, yes?" he grumbled while flipping through the shiny pages, "This sounds like it could be an appropriate outing, I'll make a reservation tomorrow and we'll have some proper family time. Do you two have any activity preferences?" Nico internally groaned. He really didn't need his dad around while he was trying to woo that sexy little Percy. "Um…can we go whale watching?" Nico replied, "I've always wanted to do that." "I suppose, now eat before your food gets cold." Bianca and Nico shared a shudder before digging in. The only thing worse than tofu, was cold tofu. Conversation was quiet for the most part, save for the