Do I really need a disclaimer? I mean, this is a fan fiction posted on a website called ...yeah, I don't even know. So without further ado: Disclaimer: I do not own, nor make any profit from Percy Jackson and the Olympians or The Heroes of Olympus. New York City, The Upper West Side, Lincoln Center, The New York City Ballet, SoHo, Central Park, The Plaza Hotel, Rockefeller Plaza, Venice, and the Teatro la Fenice are all real places; they weren't invented by, nor do they belong to, me. Warning: This is a boy/boy fic. If that's not your cup of tea, don't read. Rated M because I'm paranoid, this could probably be T but there will be coarse language and some sexy times (Skip the eighth section if you don't want to read that bit). This Mortal AU centers on Valentine's Day for Takara Phoenix's Nicercy Valentine's Day Contest. I go to the ballet every Valentine's so, naturally, when I think of Valentine's Day I think of ballet. I also took inspiration from my bro Night Shark Out's love of Punk Percy (I hope you like it Sharky). So I present to you: Punk Percy and Ballet Nico. That is all. Nico and Percy at The Plaza: Appearances Can Be Deceiving. Percy Jackson held up a navy blue suit with a look of disgust on his tattooed face. With a curl of his pierced lips and a muttering of profanity did he roll it up and shove it inside of the black messenger bag that lay open on his bed. "Dude! Be careful with that, it's silk for gods' sake. You DO NOT disrespect the silk suit, especially MY silk suit," exclaimed Jason with a horrified look on his face. "For fucks sake, Jason, it's a suit not a baby. One which you probably only wore once, and seriously, I ask you for something black, something edgy, and you bring me Ken Doll? Is there a matching ascot?" Jason scowled at Percy, his electric blue eyes flashing, "Ken is America's most fashionable role model, and you should take a page out of his book. Or closet. You wear too much black, Perce; plus, I don't actually own any black suits, and that one is as 'edgy' as I get. And what, pray tell, is wrong with ascots? Assuming you wear it at the proper occasion." "Are you sure , and I mean absolutely certain , that I'm the only gay man in the family?" Percy questioned, "...and you don't own any black? How's that even possible?" "I'm a lawyer, Percy, a trial lawyer. My wardrobe is predominantly blue; it makes the jury think I'm honest and trustworthy. Image is everything, Percy. How you manage to hold down a job looking like a murderous vagrant, I'll never know. Don't you look at me in that tone of voice!" he exclaimed at Percy's hateful sea-green glare, "And don't you dare bitch about that suit—which you begged me for, by the way—and it had better be returned to me in the condition it was given to you, sans wrinkles . Why do you need a suit anyway? Did you get a job as a valet or something?" continued Jason as he smoothed out the lapels of his own sleek blue suit. "Well Blondie," Percy smirked at the glare Jason threw him for the nickname, "If you must know, I've got a date with Nico tonight." Jason laughed, "You are so whipped! The great non-conformist, Percy Jackson, in a suit—which, may I remind you, is something you swore you'd never, ever wear—for his boyfriend. How did he put you up to it? Sex? It was sex, wasn't it? Did he deny you or fuck you 'til you would say yes to anything?" Percy smacked the back of his cousin's head, "Ass. The suit's a surprise actually. Neeks has no idea where we're going, just that we have plans and according to the stuck-up manager I spoke to when I made the reservations, the suit's mandatory...I still have to sneak over to Nico's and pick out something for him to wear," Percy rambled as he threw a half-empty bottle of lube in his bag, "Oh, and I ordered roses, don't lemme forget to pick them up." "So the suit has nothing to do with the fact that Nico said you'd look, and I quote, 'hot as hell all wrapped up in a suit,' just last week when we had dinner?" "Absolutely not," Percy blushed, "Can you show me how to tie this thing?" he asked, fingering the matching tie Jason brought. "Oh, the things we do for love. Come here," Jason chuckled, "You are so whipped...Okay; the fox chased the rabbit twice around the tree..." Percy was making his way through the Upper West Side of Manhattan with his messenger bag slung over his shoulder, a bouquet of white roses in hand, and a cigarette hanging limply from his pierced lips. The other passer-bys were giving him odd stares and snide looks but Percy was used to that; his worn leather jacket, ripped-up skinny jeans, numerous piercings and tattoos, eyeliner, and green-tinted Mohawk tended to garner plenty of looks for the handsome twenty-something. He merely sneered back at the rude suits and continued on his quest to reach Lincoln Center and the New York City Ballet. Once there, he leaned up against the imposing building, lit up his smoke, and took a deep drag before letting out a puff of smoke with a relieved sigh. Percy was on his third cigarette by the time the dancers began making their way out of the side door he was propped near. Most gave him even more suspicious glances, but there were a few who giggled and blushed when they caught sight of the sexy punk loitering by their door. Eventually the ballerino he came for made his way out. Nico di Angelo was a principal dancer of the New York City Ballet. The lean, olive-skinned man immigrated from Italy and his place at the Teatro La Fenice in his home town of Venice just eight months ago. Seeking adventure and greater recognition the sexy little Italian found himself lost in SoHo during his apartment hunt, which is where he literally crashed into a deliciously handsome punk Percy. The two were fucking a mere hour after said incident, and official boyfriends a month later. Percy was appreciating the sight of his Nico—all wrapped up in a grey NYCB hoodie and slouch tee, dark red tights, and black leg warmers pulled up to his perfectly toned thighs, carrying a small black duffel bag of his own—when Nico spotted him and jogged over to greet him. "Must you partake in such a disgusting habit? Those things are revolting; they'll kill you, you know." Nico lectured as he snatched the half-smoked cigarette from between Percy's lips before stubbing it out and dropping a kiss on his boyfriend, "It's like kissing an ashtray!" "Whatever, not everyone is a vegan ballerina." "Ballerino! I'm NOT a ballerina, testa di cazzo. My dick is proof enough of that. The body is a temple, bello, you need to take care of it." "Yeah, yeah, yeah...If I promise not to light up for the rest of the weekend will you skip the sermon?" Percy questioned with a teasing grin while groping his boyfriend's ass before Nico could start in on his infamous healthy living speech, "You ready to go? I've got everything we'll need." "Yup," the Italian ballerino glanced from the black bag hanging from his boyfriend's shoulder to the white roses in his hand with curious eyes, "For me?" he questioned while taking the slightly frostbitten roses from his boyfriend with a broad grin. "No. They're for Rachel," Percy deadpanned while gesturing to the petite ballerina making her way past the couple arm-in-arm with Octavian, another ballerino at the NYCB, "Of course they're for you. I don't spend two-and-a-half fucking hours in line at the florist's a week before Valentine's for just anyone, you know," he teased with a Cheshire grin. "How romantic of you," snarked Nico with his thick accent and an eye roll, "Are you gonna tell me where we're going yet? Or am I still expected to tremble in anticipation?" "Oh those glorious thighs need to quiver just a bit longer," Percy smirked as he grabbed his boyfriend's ballet bag, took his gloved hand, and began to lead him south, towards Central Park. "They're so cute together!" said Rachel to Octavian in a conspiratorial whisper as they walked past Nico and Percy. "I don't see it; a dancer and a...what does his boyfriend do, exactly? Murder for hire?" sneered Octavian with a contemptuous glare at the punk who was busy groping Nico. Rachel silenced the snarky blonde with a sharp jab to his ribs, "Percy's an artist. He paints mostly, but does some sculpture too. I went with Nico to one of his gallery showings, he's pretty good." "Humph, well that brute better not be too rough with Nico tonight, he needs to be in top form for rehearsals Monday..." " Must you be a prejudiced ass? Who knows what goes on in their bedroom? Maybe Nico bottoms, maybe they switch, or maybe Nico's one hellava top." Octavian's reply was a derisive snort, like hell that street thug would ever be a bottom. Nico was telling Percy how his rehearsals for Romeo & Juliet were progressing as they walked. He was enthusiastic as he babbled on and on about his role as Romeo in the neo-classical ballet, the music, the costumes, the set, the history, the footwork, and many other things that went right over the punk's head. Thanks to Nico, Percy knew more about ballet than he ever knew existed, much to his boyfriend's delight. He gave Nico his best attempt of paying attention even though he only managed half of what Nico was rambling on about with his ADHD. Rather, his attention was diverted by the rosy flush the cold air and exercise caused on Nico's cheeks, the way the snowflakes caught on his eyelashes, and how Nico's messy, black curls whirled around his face when the wind blew. Percy proceeded to lead his boyfriend closer to their destination: The Plaza Hotel. Percy, while outwardly an intimidating, world-hardened punk and a sarcastic little shit to boot, was a romantic at heart and wanted to make his first Valentine's Day with Nico—and consequently his first Valentine's with a serious boyfriend—special. But Nico had to work not just on Valentine's weekend, but the whole week too. Apparently Romeo & Juliet at the NYCB was a hot ticket item when it came to Valentine's Day dates. Not being able to celebrate Valentine's on Valentine's with his Valentine really threw a wrench in Percy's plans. He was already in the middle of arranging the most perfect, romantic night so he could seduce his Italian sex god when Nico dropped the I-have-to-work-on-the-most-romantic-day-of-the-year bomb. They hadn't had sex in over a month because his ballerino was so busy and worn out with his rehearsals. But Percy was resourceful, so rather than pouting over spoiled plans he decided to reschedule for the weekend prior. The young artist saved up every spare nickel and dime, and even took on a pet portrait commission for a dowdy, rich lady (something he swore he would never, ever do) to pay for a romantic night at The Plaza. Percy couldn't afford a longer stay, and Nico couldn't afford to miss a single rehearsal if he didn't want to be dismissed from his role in the Ballet. Their one night cost more than half his monthly rent, and Percy seriously hoped The Plaza was worth it. Nico was gaping as Percy stopped by the Plaza's doorman and led him inside, "The Plaza?! Ti adoro Percy! But…are you sure about this? I mean, The Plaza is so expensive…" "I'm sure," Percy affirmed, "and it's not just dinner. I've booked us for an entire