Draco and Harry had recently become friends, after the whole time turner fiasco with Albus and Scorpius thy completely settled their differences. Today was the anniversary of Astorias death and Harry had offered to come over to the Malfoy manor as comfort. They would have a couple drinks and reminisce about the past. "Harry darling are you going to Dracos soon?" Ginny called from the kitchen and Harry called back. "Yes honey, I'm about to go," he walked into the kitchen and kissed Ginny gently and smiled "Love you darling, I will be back later." He said before leaving, waving as he did so. Harry was stopped at the door by Albus "Are you going to Scorpius'?" He asked curiously. "Oh.. Yes why?" Asked the older male and smiled gently. "Can I come?" He asked hopefully and looked at Harry with what he could make out to be pleading eyes. "Of course." He said, smiling at his son, seeing how he was terrible at containing excitement. Albus quickly put on his shoes and coat before shouting to Ginny "See you mum, I'm going with dad." And following him out the door. "Oh behave Albus dear." She said as the door closed and smiled softly. There was a slight awkward silence before Harry broke it and looked at his son "Do try to behave today okay." He said and smiled "It's an important day for the Malfoys." "I know, Scorpius owled me and told me what today was. He sounded upset and I felt bad so I wanted to see if he was okay.." Albus said and looked over to his dad. "Aww, you two really are close." Harry said before noticing that they were now outside the Malfoy manor, it wasn't far which helped a lot. Harry knocked on the door and a small house elf answered before Dracos voice came from inside, telling it to let them in. Harry stepped inside, Albus following and looking around as if he had never seen it before. The beauty never seized to amaze both Albus and Harry. Draco greeted the two and Scopius appeared soon after. "Albus." He shouted over excitedly and hugged his best friend. "Are we doing this again?" He asked jokingly and hugged the blonde back tightly, both boys hugged for way longer than usual and both men stared. "What to you think Draco?" Harry asked smugly. "What do I think?" Draco asked with a little grin "Well Potter, I think our sons have a little crush on each other." He said teasingly. Both boys dislocate and look away, blushing. "Oh my god dad seriously." Albus said with a frown. Scorpius said nothing and looked at the ground, blushing like an idiot. Harry and Draco laughed before going into the family room, leaving the two in the corridor. "Want to come up stairs?" Scorpius asked, breaking the silence and looking at his best friend, noticing a pink flush on his beautiful sun kissed cheeks. "Yeah okay.." He said, looking up at Scorpius and smiled. Both boys walked up stairs and into Scorpius' room. "So how are you holding up?" Harry asked, looking at Draco sympathetically while trying to read his facial expression. "I guess I'm alright, out marriage was arranged and I saw her not as a lover but at a close friend, it's hard to loose a friend, I'm sure you would understand that." Draco said before looking up and kind of smiled. "She's really one of the only people I've ever cared about so it's been hard on me, I think the worst bit is seeing Scorpius so hurt by her passing." "I can completely see where you are coming from, loosing a friend is one of the hardest things to overcome but a close friend.. Your holding well Draco, I'm sure you will be okay. You're a sting guy emotionally and physically so this is an obstacle I'm sure you can overcome easily." Harry said supportively and put his hand on the blonde mans shoulder. Draco looked at him, slightly astounded "You know. No one had ever said anything like that to me before.." He said with a small smile "Thank you, Harry." "Don't mention it, I will always be here for a friend." The raven haired man said with a smile and patted Dracos shoulder before withdrawing his hand. "A friend. How can you be so forgiving. I've always longed for a friend like you, I've always envied Granger and Weasly." He said as if it were funny. "Well you were a big prat in school so I wouldn't of been friends with you then, though I suppose you had your reasons." Harry said with a chuckle. "I was really quite upset when you turned me down on the stairs you know." Draco said with a grin and rolled his eyes jokingly. There was a bang from upstairs and then a sound of immense laughing and several bangs following while the laughing continued. Both men looked up and then at each other with amused facial expressions. "What in the name of Merlin are they doing up there?" The blonde man asked with a laugh and shook his head. "Sounds like your Scopius is tickling Albus, he's very ticklish." Harry said with a grin and crossed one leg over the other "They get along so well, pity we weren't like that in out teenage years." "Our sons are quite clearly in love with one another, it's baffling how they get akin so well. It's like they are total polar opposites of us." Draco said before jumping at another bang and then what sounded like Scorpius laughing. "Seems Al has turned the tables." Harry said with amusement clearly showing "And yes I agree, I'm just waiting for Albus to sit down with me and have the talk.. I'm truly excited." "I've been waiting for Scorpius to tell me for a while now, he tried to write Albus a love note but decided against it just after he wrote it. Our house elf found it and brought it to me one day.." Malfoy said with a smile. "Aww, adorable." Harry said happily and pushed up his glasses. "Yes quite." Draco agreed and stood up "Want a drink? I'm going to have one" Asked the blonde as he walked over to a shelf which had an old bottle of fire whiskey sitting upon it and a few glasses. "Oh please." Harry said and sat back on the beautifully feathery sofa and looking round the room, taking in all the beauty and wonderful textile skill that the mansion was made up of. Draco returned with two glasses if fire whiskey and handed one to Harry. "So how've you been?" He asked and sipped his drink. "Fine mostly, things at home are hectic but that's to be expected." He said with a smile and swirled the drink round the glass before taking a mouthful. "I can only imagine, living with three children and looking after your wife. It's just me and Scorpius here and he's so well behaved that there's nothing to deal with really." Draco said, leaning back and drinking the rest if his drink. "I bet it's quiet here.." Harry said longingly "I sometimes forget what peace feels like.." Said the raven haired man as he took another mouthful and smiled. "There's about fourth rooms on this blasted mansion and I don't even know what's in half of them, there's at least 10 bedrooms that have nothing in apart from genuine sleeping essentials." Draco said, looking around and sighing but laughing slightly "if you ever wanted a break from reality you could stop over if you want, there's at least seventeen rooms to pick from." "You know, I would love that. I will definitely consider your offer. You strike up a good bargain Draco Malfoy." Harry said with a small laugh and finished the rest if his drink, Draco noticed this. "Ahh well let me know if you decided you want to stop, want another drink by the way?" He asked and stood up, holding out his had for Harry's glass. "Yes please." He said, handing the other man his glass and smiling "Thankyou." "No problem potter." Draco said with a grin and walked back over to the bottle, pouring the drinks and coming back over, suddenly getting an idea and bringing to bottle over with him. "Goo idea." Harry said with a grin and chuckled. Draco nodded "Yes it certainly was." He praised him self an took a sip of his drink. "This is better than I remember, it's been a while since I've had a drink." "Yes me too, Ginny says I get all odd when I drink. I've never understood what she means but it's definitely nice to get a decent beverage down my throat." Harry said with a grin and took a big mouthful of the whiskey. "Oh I see." Draco nodded and sat back comfortably. Suddenly there was another loud noise from upstairs and Harry's eyes widened. "I'm thinking we may need a silencing charm." Draco said while looking up at the ceiling. "Do you think their..." Harry began to laugh slightly "Yes Harry I do think that's what they are doing and it's making me feel very uncomfortable." Said the blonde man, pulling out his wand and pointing it up at the ceiling and muttering a spell. "Well seventeen year olds will be seventeen year olds.." Harry said with a sigh and shook his head. Draco finished the drink an poured him self another, this amused Harry. "Have you been traumatised Draco?" Harry asked with a grin and nudged his arm, Malfoy looked at him with a cocked brow. "I don't take comfort in knowing that our children are upstairs ravishing each other thank you very much." He said before drinking that full one as well. "You might want to slow down Draco and yes it's not a nice thought but just try to ignore it." "I guess Scorpius got his sexuality from me..." Draco mumbled and smiled "He's going to be great some day that boy." Harry cocked a brow and noticed Malfoy was mumbling, he heard what he was saying and looked at his quizzically. "Sorry, correct me I I'm wrong but did you just say he gets his sexuality from you?" Draco looked up at Harry and nodded "Indeed I did." He admitted. "I had no idea.." Harry said as if his while life had been a lie. "Well now you are the only person other than myself who knows that, I shall blame it on the whiskey." Malfoy said before sheepishly taking another drink. Harry finished his drink and raised his eyebrows "Well because you told me that, it's only fair I tell you something." Draco sat up, listening attentively "Yes?" He asked with eyebrows raised. "I'm bisexual, before I married Ginny I had a few crushes on guys. In my fifth year at Hogwarts me and Ron did done experimenting and i realised that I was bisexual. You know, I faced you for the longest time, I've always admired your hair and sharp features but your personality was very off putting." Dracos jaw dropped slightly and he blinked "honestly, if I knew these things... Our childhoods could of been very different." He stated and exhaled. "Oh really? Different enough for our children to not exist?" Harry quizzed and cocked a brow. "If I'd had know you 'fancied' me I would of taken action on it ages ago. But you had to go and get your self married before telling me." Harry blushed and looked at Draco "Your honesty is frightening Draco Malfoy... Truly Frightening.." He said before pushing up his glasses and downing the rest of his newly poured drink. "Would it have been the same for you? If I had been out and slightly politer?" He asked and sat forward. "Maybe, you look like you never aged, there are a few wrinkles and that's it... What are