Disclaimer: I do not own any part of the HP universe or franchise; all rights to JK, Scholastic, & Warner Bros. AN: This little dream has been banging around my head since Christmas, but I'm just now getting it finished. It's a little sweet, a little innocent, and lots of fluff. Hope you enjoy. Happy belated holidays, all. Hermione had to stand on her tiptoes and stretch hard to reach the branch, but once she'd slipped the ornament hook onto it and stood back to admire her work, it was definitely worth the struggle. She allowed herself a small smile as she watched the golden globe twirl in the air before turning back to the box of ornaments at her feet and bending down to retrieve another. She was wrist deep in ornaments when a voice from her nightmares - just as snide as it had always been, and she would certainly never let on she heard it in nightmares - sounded from behind her. "Decorating by hand? And just when I thought maybe you were more witch than muggle -" " Silencio!" Hermione whirled about, balanced on the balls of her feet, wand in hand and thrust out in front of her. Draco Malfoy found himself summarily silenced. Instead of launching himself at her in protest as she'd expected, however, he pressed his lips together in a thin line, raised a brow at her, and rocked back on his heels. She took a good look at him before cautiously standing and straightening her shoulders. She kept her wand out. He wasn't wearing his robes, his slacks were slightly rumpled, his cuffs were unbuttoned, and one lock of hair hung stubbornly over his forehead. He had his hands shoved in his pockets and though he looked put out, he didn't look angry. Resigned, maybe, but not angry. Hermione lifted her hand and waved her wand casually, releasing the spell. His other brow joined the first, high on his forehead. Then he surprised her further by bowing with a flourish. "Your magnanimousness," he said, glancing up from his bow with a crooked, uncertain grin on his lips. Hermione huffed some and put her wand away. "Is there a reason you're here, Malfoy?" She was in the common room the Eighth Years shared, decorating as best she could for a season she wasn't feeling particularly cheerful over this year...for various reasons, of course, but primarily because she'd deliberately chosen to stay at Hogwarts for the duration rather than go home. Mostly because she didn't have a home to return to, since her parents were still in Australia under assumed names and had no idea she existed, and also because the thought of pretending everything was ok at the Weasley home when Ron and Harry would be away for most of the break on Auror training made her stomach turn. Ginny had tried to promise her it was alright and that she should come, but she'd just shook her head and insisted she'd be fine. And so she had been...until it became obvious that at least one other student was staying for the break that she'd really, really hoped would have gone home. Draco shrugged and straightened up too. It occurred to Hermione that he was actually taller than her. She didn't know why that hadn't mattered before. Maybe because she'd always had two best friends surrounding her that were also taller than her. Maybe because up until the Year from Hell, as she privately referred to it, she'd felt just as tall as any of the bastards who constantly tried to keep her down. "I wanted to get work done. Hard to concentrate when everyone is talking about you behind your back." "And to your face," Hermione shot back. "But then, you're an expert at it. I'm surprised you don't just join in," she snarked, crossing her arms. Draco rolled his eyes and moved past her, giving her wide berth. He stopped on the opposite side of the box of ornaments and glanced down. "Need any help?" "No." "Do you want any help?" "No." "Look, Granger -" "Not today, Malfoy," Hermione interrupted. "I had to deal with so much horseshit from you my entire school career and then I had to deal with your family's horseshit last year and I am done even pretending to be civil. You want to spend time in my company? You're going to have to earn it, though God only knows why you would want to spend time with the likes of a mudblood like me, right?" Draco was not to be deterred, it seemed. He shoved his hands further into his pockets and stepped back a few feet. There was a gleam in his eyes, but what it was from, Hermione didn't know and didn't care. She eyed him and it wasn't even warily at this point. Resigned, like he had been, maybe. She sighed and then ran a hand up and into her kinky, curly hair, accidentally pulling a few of the dark brown strands free of their makeshift ponytail. When Draco merely looked at her expectantly, she sighed again and then knelt by the box to draw another ornament from its depths. Taking her time with placement, it was three or four minutes into her careful decorating that he decided to speak again. "You're not wearing your glasses," he said and sounded surprised. "Oh, bravo. I haven't worn them all semester and you're only noticing now?" She huffed, attempting to reach another branch slightly out of her grasp. There was a noisy sigh and then she felt a figure close to her - too close - and then his hand was plucking the ornament from her fingers and placing it on the desired branch for her. As soon as it was safely nestled in the tree, she whirled about and shoved at him. He stumbled a little, but stepped back from her quickly. "I didn't ask you for help," she said. "I'm sorry!" he replied and his voice was defiant and angry and all the things she'd expected it to be earlier...except he was apologizing. And it seemed that once the first words were out, they started an avalanche of repressed feelings and guilt that she'd suspected, but certainly hadn't known , he harbored. "I'm sorry for trying to help," he snapped. "I'm sorry for invading your space. I'm sorry for being a complete arse to you for years. I'm sorry my family is full of murdering criminals. I'm sorry I was too afraid to be anything but one of them for years. I'm sorry you have PTSD and hate me and there's nothing I can ever say or do that will convince you of how sorry I really am. I wish I could redo it all. I'm sorry," he ended, his voice hoarse. Hermione could only stare at him, eyes wide in confusion, lips pursed in disbelief as she tried to hang onto every reason she'd given herself in the past for hating him and his whole family. No, not for hating them - for pretending like they didn't even exist, because to hate them would mean she was expending energy on them and he wasn't worth it. At least, he hadn't been worth it before. She tried to muster up some of that old feeling and only felt so shocked that everything else seemed to drain away. "Well, good for you," she finally managed half-heartedly, and turned from him to stomp back over to the box of ornaments. He let out a strangled laugh and collapsed into a nearby chair, head in his hands and shoulders shaking. She wondered briefly if he was crying, decided she didn't want to care, and focused on which ornament to choose next. Finally he seemed to pull himself from whatever moment he'd been having and he looked back up, still hunched over, arms still propped across his knees, and one hand covering his mouth as he watched her work in silence. She glanced at him as she moved between the tree and the box, her eyes darting away quickly when she realized he was still watching her. After some minutes, he finally spoke again and his voice was quiet, bearing none of the snide tone she'd recognized from earlier. "I suppose I deserved that," he admitted finally and her brows knit together for a moment as she managed another difficult placement. "More than," she replied crisply. She could feel his eyes on her still and suddenly felt her face growing warm. She hoped to god he couldn't tell she was blushing. If he could tell, he didn't seem to care. "So, you know why I'm here for the break," he said after another minute or two. "Why are you here, Granger?" "Does it matter?" she asked, her voice even despite the deepening flush of her body. She could feel her neck growing warm beneath her collar and she cursed inwardly. Was she growing heated because she liked his attention, or because he was making her angry and uncomfortable? She couldn't tell and wasn't sure she wanted to know. "Of course it matters. I need to know if you've been abandoned by your swotty little friends or if it's by choice because you heard I was staying and wanted to, you know…" There was that snide tone and lost bravado from minutes before. Hermione sniffed disdainfully and ignored the fact that Draco had leaned back in the chair, hands crossed behind his head, legs spread wide, an inviting and suggestive smile on his face. "What, no insult? Be still, my heart!" Draco cried melodramatically from his seat. Hermione disappeared around the other side of the tree and bit her lip to stifle the sudden, betraying giggle that had almost escaped her mouth. What was wrong with her? What was wrong with him? Eighth Year with the pissant Draco Malfoy was as far from romcom as she could get and yet he was treating this like a meet-cute! "Insufferable git," she muttered under her breath. "I heard that!" came the cry from the other side. Hermione stuck her head round the tree and frowned. "I knew you were staying, Malfoy," she said. "When I asked earlier I really meant, why are you in here, with me, right now? God!" She disappeared again and began fiddling with the paper chains draped along some of the boughs. There was a long stretch of silence, which unfortunately meant Draco had not exited the room, but at least he was being quiet. Then she heard the dreaded shuffling sounds of someone standing up, followed by the clip of shoes along the floor. Unfortunately, they were coming nearer, not moving away. She turned to face him, hands on her hips, ready to do battle again. Draco looked defeated already, but just as prepared for a battle as she felt. "This is a shared common area," he informed her seriously. "That's why I'm in here. Believe me, if I'd known it was going to lead to such inconvenient truths as have already occurred, I'd have steered clear." "Fine," she replied shortly. "But just because we're in here at the same time doesn't mean we have to interact. I don't want your help, I didn't ask for it, and I really don't care that you feel guilty for what an arse you were for years. So just...keep it to yourself. We are not friends." "I didn't say we were, Granger!" "You're acting like you want to be! And I don't! I never wanted anything to do you with you before and that has never changed. Now may I please decorate my tree in peace?" If Hermione thought Draco Malfoy were capable of being hurt by someone else's words, his expression came the closest to it she'd ever seen before. She felt a twinge of something and nearly relented. Nearly. She'd meant what she'd said, earlier. That if he ever wanted to have any sort of