Here is a one shot I wrote for F4LLS in September. Catch me on tumblr, and let me know what you think, or just to say hi. Thanks to eatsnightlockforbreakfast for her proofreading awesomeness. Magic, for most people, was just that. Magic. Mysterious, mystical, alluring; its air of mystery enchanted all those who witnessed any trick, no matter how big or small. Everyone but Katniss. It was naturally more difficult for her to fall under its spell, even as a child. Her experience of hunting gave her a sharper eye than most, as well as a quick hand of her own; so she was able to recognise the smallest movements, or the actions that were intended to misdirect the attention from one thing to another. No matter how many times her father tried to trick her, she always noticed the coin he placed in his hand before he reached behind her ear. She chose to overlook the many times she saw Mike the Magnifico on her eighth birthday reach into his pocket for hidden cards, while other children sat doe eyed and open-mouthed at his 'tricks'. She willed herself to turn on her suspension of disbelief, to try to fall into the illusion, however thinly veiled. When it soon became apparent that the magician her parents had hired was pretty below par in his skills, she instead let herself bathe in the knowledge that her parents had loved her enough to find the money to find entertainment, or even to throw her a party in the first place. She knew herself that money had been tight for them since the mines her father worked in were exhausted and shut down. For her, the love her family had for each other was her own kind of magic. The day she stopped trying to believe in magic was the day her father died. Brain tumour, the doctors had said. Her father was diagnosed too late; the doctors told him he had a few weeks at most. They lost him after three. Katniss was twelve at the time, left to help keep the family together while her mother spaced in and out in her grief. Well, magic did not save him that day, and nor did it put food on their table. She did. They say nobody ever truly grows up, truly turns their back on all that is magical and enchanting. That day, Katniss did. xXx "Hey Annie, how's things?" "Good thanks. Wedding planning is a little stressful, but Finn's taken on a lot of it surprisingly." "Finn? Really? Wow, I would not have pegged him as an organisation man." "Well, he's surprisingly organised for his job. Actually, speaking of which... are you still looking for a job?" "Er... yeah, actually." Katniss didn't really like to talk about her lack of success finding a new job. Ever since she decided to move back to her old college town, Annie had helped her get a temporary job where she worked at an outdoors sports shop. Katniss had hoped that the job would transform into a permanent one; unfortunately her knowledge of archery was rather wasted in a sea town that preferred fishing pursuits to woodsy ones. "Do you remember where Finn works?" Katniss vaguely remembered he worked in the entertainment industry, but truth be told the night she met Finnick through her old college roommate, she was rather distracted, and not in a good way, by arrogance and his lack of dress after getting out of the sauna. It took a good half an hour of watching her friend with her fiancé to see why they made a good couple. It seemed appearances could be deceiving. "I think so, yeah..." "Well, they've had one of the assistants go on maternity leave, so they're looking for a replacement. It's permanent to the right kind of person. Finn thinks you'd be great at it. Now I know it might seem completely different to anything you'd normally – " "No no, it sounds great. I mean, if Finn can do it, surely I'd be OK, right? Do I need to send a CV?" "Er...no. I'll just let Finn know you're interested. Are you sure you – " "Yeah. I mean, I have good organisation skills. I'm up for a new challenge." "OK...er, great." Katniss wasn't sure why her friend sounded puzzled, she did say that Finnick thought she would be good at the job. Surely Annie didn't doubt her ability, did she? It was a PA job after all, how hard could that be? "They've asked you to pop in at noon tomorrow if you're interested. And you'll have to come round soon, we haven't seen you since your first night in town. That's too long in my books." "I promise, as soon as I get a job, I can start thinking about socialising again. I swear it." " OK. Well, let me know how the interview goes." "Will do. Thanks Annie. I owe you one." xXx The next day she found herself alone, sitting in a grey plastic chair in a whitewashed room with a scratchy and slightly grimy looking dove grey carpet in the back of District 4's seafront theatre. It was an old building, built before the 1940's, at the time of swing and jazz, but it was still the popular destination for entertainment for those that lived in the town, especially amongst women. The moment she pulled up at the address, she remembered Finn having mentioned he worked for one of the entertainers as an assistant. Katniss had never set foot in the building until that morning; she never saw the point in wasting money on frivolous entertainment, even if she could afford to. An opening of a door to the left of her interrupted Katniss's scowling at the posters of past performers on the walls around her. The woman that entered the room almost had her choking with laughter. Her candyfloss pink hair was piled high on her head; the red of her waxy lipstick clashed horribly with her thick peacock blue eyeshadow. From the black and white pictures of past performers on the walls, Katniss came to the conclusion she was looking at a drag act. She certainly did not expect the trill voice that addressed her, and even to offer her hand to her in a handshake. A flash of cleavage from her too low cut top as she bent down to shake her hand confirmed (or rather shocked her into realising) she was indeed a woman. "Well, Ms Everdeen...welcome, welcome to our little theatre. Mr Odair spoke very highly of you, and I have to say, what a pretty thing you are!" Katniss wasn't sure how to respond to this woman. Was she really...was this actually her interview?! After a few moments of silent stare, the woman seemed to have a sudden thought. "Oh, I am so terribly sorry, where are my manners? My name is Effie Trinket, I'm in charge of recruiting talent for the theatre. Nobody gets a job here without my say so." "Ah...nice to meet you Ms. Trinket. I've brought my CV if you'd like to have a look." "Oh, why...thank you?" She seems to raise an eyebrow at the piece of paper held out to her, before tentatively taking it with her fuchsia pink claws. "And call me Effie, please." Katniss watches as the strange woman totters over to a seat across from her. It's only when she notices the six inch skyscraper heels that she realised why the woman had been walking strangely. "So...tell me, do you have any experience of this type of work?" "Erm...well, not exactly. But I'm a quick learner, and very organised. Oh, and it wasn't an assistant role, but I did work in Caesar's Palace when I was 18, just before going to college. It's on the CV." She knew that job was over seven years ago now, and only involved cleaning rooms, but it was still some kind of experience, surely? Luckily, the look Effie gave her seemed to be showing glowing approval. "Oh! Wonderful! And you have no problems with how you'll be expected to dress?" "Erm...no, if there's a uniform or dress code, I'm happy to follow." She desperately hoped Effie's bright teal leopard print outfit was a reflection of the dress code for the job. "OK, excellent! Well, I'll go fetch something for you to try on then." And with that, Katniss stared in confused shock as she teetered out of the room. xXx Pink. She was staring at pink. And in the mirror, it was staring back at her. It was... hideous . Bright candy pink the shade of Effie's wig. The more she stared, the worse it became. No. She wasn't going to do it. It looked like a flamingo had died in a Christmas tree. No way. So many crystals. So low cut. Just so...everything. There was no way she was letting anyone see her in it. Quickly getting her phone out before Effie came back, Katniss dialled Annie's number, willing her friend to pick up. "Hello?" "Annie! What the hell kind of a job is this?" Katniss knew she was sounding on the verge of hysteria, but she didn't care. "Wait, what? Katniss, I thought you knew –" "Annie, some woman I can only describe as looking like she comes from kabuki theatre has got me in the most ridiculous pink leotard – " "Kat, slow down..." " – it's got feathers all over it Annie. Fucking Feathers!" "I thought you knew Kat. I'm sorry." "Knew what? That these people are insane?! Why on earth would I be given something to wear for a PA job? What kind of a freak house is this?" Annie remained silent for a few moments. Katniss thought she could hear stifled laughter on the other end of the line. "This isn't funny Annie. What is going on here? Just what kind of people is Finn working for?" It was clear Annie was struggling to breathe as she tried to speak. "I'm...so sorry Kat... I thought... thought you knew what Finn did..." She could only frown as she listened to her friends giggles, before growing impatient. "What? What does he do?!" "He's...he...oh Kat, he's not a personal assistant... he's a performer. He's a magician's assistant." xXx Katniss had come very close to storming out on the day she had her interview, job be damned. But it was Annie's words, still on the phone trying to calm her down and reason with her, that had her halting as she had reached the fire exit doors at the end of the corridor. "Finn gets paid double the amount you got at that temp job you know..." That had caught her attention. That kind of money could have her sending Prim extra financial aid at medical school, and still having a comfortable amount to spare. And to get it, all she needed to do was embarrass herself parading around gesturing at a few measly magic tricks for a few hours? Piece of cake. Only this cake...wasn't quite the piece she was expecting. Finnick had tried to have her placed with the new magician on their books, but their manager Haymitch (a rough around the edges man in his fourties with a constant lingering smell of liquor surrounding him) felt a newbie with another newbie would only lead to chaos. So he placed her with one of the more experienced magicians, and gave her two days to get to grips with the act before her first trial. Two nights later, she found herself on a stage with what she felt was the most arrogant man on the planet. Tall, athletic build, and leering at her every second like he was trying to make her disappear. Katniss had been told that relationships of any kind with your stage partner were strictly forbidden. It was seen to be distracting and therefore dangerous. That's not to say it didn't happen, but