Summary: He disrupts everything I know about his kind, which is why I have to destroy him. Before I fall in too deep. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M (language, UST) Disclaimer: The Twilight series and its characters belong to Stephanie Meyer. I in no way benefit monetarily from this work of fiction. For nearly a decade of my relatively short life, my home has been a war zone. Not the kind of war seen in short segments on TV or read about in newspapers, the kind men and women fight in countries all over the world for arbitrary reasons that boil down to human greed and pride. This war is different, completely unseen but categorically more dangerous. The stakes are higher than any human war that preceded it. It's a fight that has to be won, for to lose it would mean the end of life as we know it, and possibly the end of the entire human race. Pretty heavy, right? From what the books in my godfather's study say, it wasn't always like this. There used to be a time when the adults of our tribe led normal lives; when the transformation was rare and the packs were small. When the only Cold Ones that entered our woods traveled in groups of two or three and were easily dealt with. Now though, they come in droves. Armies of dozens of Cold Ones, all incredibly strong and manic with bloodlust, swarm our lands. Sometimes they fight us, a lot of times they fight each other, but every time the destruction is immense. Luckily, we haven't lost yet. The proud warriors of the Quileute have fought long and hard, to the point of serious injury and sometimes even the loss of our brothers. It's trying and heartbreaking and incredibly burdensome, but we have to fight, to win. We can't afford otherwise, not when losing means the elimination of our homes, our communities, our way of life. When it means the deaths of more people we love. People like my father. I've not always been privy to this war. When I was young, I lived an innocent, if ignorant, life with my dad Charlie in a small town not far from La Push called Forks. My mother Renee left us when I was just a baby, not feeling cut out to be a parent. Heartbroken and incredibly intimidated at the thought of raising a baby girl alone, Dad turned to his best friend of many years, Billy Black, for support. He and his wife Sarah became my godparents and by the three of them, I had a relatively normal childhood. I fought with my pseudo-sisters, the twins Rachel and Rebecca, but got along well with my new brother, Jacob. I went to school in Forks, and made some friends. I went fishing with my dad every weekend, though I wasn't very good at being still for so long. Like most of the world, I was completely unaware of the dangers that lurked right outside my door. The scariest things my eight-year-old mind could conjure only existed in movies or books. That night started out like any other. I was eating take out with Dad, since he couldn't cook, and, though I did it often, I had not felt up to cooking that day. We were just about to watch some game on TV, basketball I think, when the phone started ringing. I remember feeling a bit put out because I wasn't tall enough to answer it without stretching on my tiptoes, seeing as it was mounted high on the wall in our kitchen, above the counter I was only about a head taller than. I remember how Dad teased me about it then smiled when he greeted Billy. He eventually accepted an invitation to come watch the game in La Push after a bit of banter back and forth, but Billy was very insistent. I especially remember how, right after he hung up the phone, Dad looped his arm around my shoulders, and told me we were going to La Push for the night to spend time with the Blacks. His eyes twinkled in an exasperated but cheerful manner, like he couldn't understand why Billy was so adamant that we visit, but would be happy to, nonetheless. That had been the last time my dad held me. It was dark that night, a new moon. We headed out in Dad's police cruiser. On a long stretch of road about half way to La Push, he whooped the lights and siren for me a couple times, just to make me laugh. It wouldn't do any harm. After all, at that time of night outside a town as small as Forks, no others were out and about. At least, that's what we thought. Then the hand came through the windshield. It was utter chaos. I screamed as shards of glass showered around me, and the hand clawed desperately to find purchase on Dad's clothes. From the headlights, I could see the shape of the man attached to the hand, but not much of his features except that his skin was white, really white, like paper or fresh snow. He was crouched on the hood of the car, pressed against the glass, gnashing his teeth like a rabid dog. Dad yelled and swerved the car sharply, dislodging the white man whose arm ripped through the rest of the windshield's glass as he fell. Dad looked like he'd had a heart attack for a second before pulling the car to a screeching halt off the road and reaching for his gun belt. "Stay in the car, Bella!" he shouted at me just before the pair of stark white hands reemerged, this time through the driver's side window, and grabbed him, pulling him out kicking and screaming. I reached for him, sobbing hysterically by that point, calling for him to come back, fearing for his life as well as my own. I quickly unbuckled my seatbelt and hopped onto his side of the car to see where he'd gone, only to be met with a nightmare. The white man was crouched down, latched onto my dad's neck as he struggled and screamed louder than I'd ever heard him before. Not that it did any good. I watched, unable to look away for what seemed like hours as my father screamed and fought and struggled, growing weaker and weaker, until finally he buckled, lifeless. The white monster, not man, dropped his limp body right there in the street and snapped its head back to me as I let out a desperate sob. My sight was blurry from the hysterical tears that wouldn't stop falling, but I could see its eyes were red, blood red, and crazed with a mania I'd never seen before. It straightened almost leisurely and stalked slowly toward me, licking its bloody chops with a gleeful grin. I backed away desperately, sobbing and clutching at the cruiser's upholstery in a frantic attempt to escape. It just kept getting closer until finally, it was at the driver's side door. In an insane show of strength, the monster ripped the door right off the car, throwing it across the street and into the woods behind him, all the while staring at me with its deranged, triumphant, blood red eyes. My back hit the passenger's side door with a small thump and dread consumed me. I whimpered like a suckling pup, completely helpless and terrified. That thing was going to kill me, just like it killed my dad, and there was nothing I could do to stop it. Then as fast as it had arrived, it was gone, tackled out of view by a huge black mass. I had screamed and cowered into the headrest, just waiting for it to be over. My eyes clamped shut and my hands fisted in anticipation. I remember hearing deep, vicious barking and growling, then the sound of shrieking metal. My head whipped around against my will to see what was happening. I had thought for a second that the monster was ripping the car apart again, but instead a boy, looking about 18 years old and naked as the day he was born, appeared at the driver's side, leaning in and reaching his hand out to me, telling me it was okay, that the monster was gone. I had flinched back, still too terrified to move but also in no way willing to be touched. I was shaking uncontrollably, trying to contain my heart from beating out of my chest. Tears continued streaming down my face unchecked, as I kept seeing the image of my dad's eyes dying over and over again. I shook my head in an attempt to stay present and instead studied the naked boy trying to comfort me. He was tall, gangly, like he'd just hit a growth spurt, but with serious definition in his muscles. His hair was short, cropped just a couple inches from his head, and dark. His skin was dark too, like the warm teak color of Jacob's skin. I realized he must be from the reservation, like the Black family. That, paired with the fact that his eyes were dark brown and not red, comforted me enough to reach out for his hand. His grip was surprisingly gentle for having such big hands. I also noticed that it was warm, really warm, like I would sometimes feel on my forehead when I was sick. But he didn't look sick at all, just…tired. He was breathing heavily, like he'd just run a long way. "W-who are you?" I asked, my voice trembling at barely a whisper. Luckily he heard it anyway. "I'm Sam," he said, "Sam Uley." He tried to smile, but it came out like more of a grimace. He really did look tired. Finally, I turned my body toward him and scooted a bit closer to him. Even though his arms were really long, it couldn't have been comfortable for him to reach all the way across the driver's seat and the center console to hold my hand. "S-sam, d-do you always run around at night naked?" I asked, completely confounded by his state of dress and trying not to focus on what had happened just ten minutes prior. Sam's eyes bugged out before he looked down at himself, as if only now realizing he had no clothes on. If the situation were any less horrifying, he probably would have been blushing. He dropped my hand and covered himself quickly, ducking around the back of the car for a moment. He came back after just a few seconds, wearing a pair of cut off jeans. "Um, sorry about that -," he cut off, looking a bit awkward. "Can you tell me your name?" "Bella," I said, finally gaining some control over my voice, "Bella Swan." A flash of recognition zipped through his eyes before they flooded with remorse. "Bella, do you have a lighter or some matches or something?" he asked almost urgently, confusing the hell out of me. What a random question! "Why? Are you going to smoke or something?" I asked, wrinkling my nose in disgust. Being a cop's daughter, I had sat through all the "Smoking is bad" lectures, and I remembered at school once they showed us a picture of blackened smoker's lungs. It was really gross. Sam's eyes were grave as he shook his head. "No," he said quietly, "I need to take care of that." He gestured over his shoulder to where my dad was lying in the road, next to a pile of white scraps. I gasped loudly, my hands covering my mouth as tears pricked at my eyes. "You're going to burn my dad?" I asked incredulously, with just a hint of fury. I did not want him to be treated so disrespectfully, even in death. Sam was quick to back up. "No! No, no, no!" he flailed his hands out in front