Disclaimer: I own NOTHING, except for the vague sort of idea that went into this. I thought I should especially make note of this because-though it is a minimal amount-I do quote DH here a little. A/N: My first ever attempt at a multi-chaptered fic ho boy we need to buckle up for the ride. I wrote the majority of this in November, had it looked over in January, and finally decided to push it along to where I wanted to get it today. (I've been sitting on it for almost six months and I think I'm honestly starting to hate it at this point so just -flails about-). It was originally going to be a oneshot but- Surprise, I changed my mind. There is a lot of shift in tense (as well as a shift in tone of writing), and it might be a bit disorienting, but it's intentional, I promise. If it gets too confusing, let me know and I will try and explain things. I foresee this being a two or three-shot, but then again, I managed to fit like 50 years into 4k words so maybe I'm not the best judge when it comes to this sort of thing. The end is a bit... ambiguous, but I promise, it does not end there. Thanks go to Pen for looking over the majority of this for me. The last thousand words or so are unbeta'd, so any mistakes are mine. Chapter titles and the title of this fic are semi-ironically and also entirely un-ironically taken from Rabindranath Tagore's "Unending Love". Please tell me what you think? It might motivate me to actually get more written for this instead of writing smutty incest afdsfasdf. Tom can only remember his current lifetime, though logic would dictate that he has lived more than the one. Sometimes, there are things that he sees that almost jog his memory, and it causes him to wonder if the understanding of his previous lives being at the tips of his fingers is worse than having never known they existed in the first place. He loves and hates his subconscious in equal measure for this; it is forever reminding him of the countless memories that he does not have. He wants them entirely or not at all, and it is hard to deal with this in-between that he is given. He remembers the first time that he felt the flash of near-recognition—the first time that he ever remembers questioning himself. Before he had known he was a wizard, before he had embraced the idea that he wasn't entirely ordinary, he had gone with his muggle classmates on a field trip. It was the Science Museum of London, and it contained many exhibits to examine. Some of the first ever steam engines were on display, and documentation on the first typewriter was also present. The museum also contained a library. It was its saving grace, in Tom's mind—he wouldn't have bothered paying attention to the exhibitions if not for the inevitability that he would be granted the opportunity to sneak off and attempt to gain entrance. It was famous; it was Britain's dedicated library of science, medicine, and technology. It called to his mind so sweetly, so sensually, and he knew he would not be able to resist. So Tom accompanied his classmates up staircases and down others. They passed through the clockmaker's museum, and over to the agricultural exhibit. They were shown through the East Hall gallery on steam engines and electricity, until finally they arrived at a temporary exhibit on the Smilodon. He was fascinated, of course. Not in the way that he might have been under different circumstances—not in the way that the rest of his classmates were. He did not feel awe at the sight of the fossilized remains of the saber-toothed tiger; he was more intrigued by the power of the mammalian creature. To rule the world as completely and securely as it had… There was something in that which appealed to Tom, even at that young age. It was then—when he was striding forward to get a closer look at the plaque placed in front of the glass casing—when it came upon him. There was a moment—a millisecond, really—in which he had not been himself. He was shorter and stockier and hairier and brandishing a crude weapon made of bone. He felt the adrenaline coursing through his veins—a euphoric, almost maniacal sort of glee—at the knowledge that he was facing up against this awful, terrifying, dangerous creature. It was lithe and rangy; spotted and powerful, and its jaw was gaping—showcasing an alarming display of canines that looked uniquely designed to tear through flesh. There was something else though, as well—a feeling that he was not alone in this endeavor. He could not take his eyes off the great big cat that stood in front of him, he knew that much, but he could feel a presence beside him that was strong and steady and true. They were guarding Tom, and Tom was guarding them, and there was something lovely in the mutual protection of each other. And then, the vision had left him. The whole thing had vanished. Just as quickly, he was Tom again—the orphan with ratty clothes and no friends. There was no bone grasped tightly in his hand, no adrenaline making his senses sharpen and his heart accelerate, and no guardian with whom he was standing shoulder to shoulder. The vision was so quick and fleeting that Tom wasn't sure that he hadn't imagined it to begin with. It was disconcerting, and it was the first time that his mind—so sharp, so intelligent, so exceptional—had ever seemed to fail him. That was the first time that he had ever questioned himself, but there were other times to follow. The next instance was when the orphanage workers took all of them out on their annual summer outing. They headed to the countryside this time, and the extent to which Tom had despised that trip is still memorable to him, even now. He enjoyed books and clean showers and solitude… not this. Not these fields with their green grass that was too long and itched to walk through, or the flies that buzzed endlessly around his food. It was a disgusting affair, and Tom couldn't wait to go back to the orphanage, even if a break from that place was preferred under normal circumstances. At one point in the evening, someone had come up with the idea of a camp fire, and the aid workers had decided that it was easier to keep track of the children if they were all gathered around it. Tom was just taking his seat on a partially rotten tree stump a few feet away when it happened again. For just a moment, he had no longer been Tom Riddle. He was larger than life—a creature of epic proportions. He could feel the thousands of scales that decorated his body and the wings that beat the air beneath him. He was breathing fire, and it was hotter than molten lava, brighter than a supernova, and more pleasurable than living itself. He could feel the weight of something on his back, as well. It was feather light in comparison to what he could carry, he instinctually knew that much. But it felt warm against his scales, and the grip around his neck was tight and secure and filled him with contentment. And then it was gone again. For a heartbeat, he was a dragon, but then, he was Tom Riddle once more—small Tom Riddle, powerless Tom Riddle, insignificant Tom Riddle who could not breathe fire nor fly nor carry passengers through skies of deepest blue. He hated himself for it, and his mind as well. Were these visions a product of an overactive imagination? Was he losing his sanity? How long would they continue? And most importantly: what was causing them? It is not until much, much later that he realizes what these visions signify. Still, he finally does, and he is unsure how to feel about this new development. He does not know that he wants a soulmate, if he is being honest with himself. They sound like… a lot of trouble, really, and so many things could go wrong with having one. What if they die? Will Tom be forced to live on without a soulmate? What are the repercussions of their death—for Tom's soul? For Tom himself? Will this bond be tempered with other urges, as well? Will he feel obligated to put their life before his? Tom is rather self-serving, and he doesn't like the idea of that having to change for one person. Even if they are guaranteed to love him unconditionally, irrevocably, with all of their mind and body and soul… Which does slightly appeal to him, that is true… If he wonders about his soulmate a bit more than is necessary, if he feels the slightest pangs of jealousy when Malfoy, and then Lestrange, and then others find theirs… He doesn't have to admit it to anyone—least of all himself. He keeps the memories close to his heart, though, and all of the ones that come after. He collects them in his mind like delicate little chrysalises, and though he does not have all of the information he would like to have, or the person he wants to have, there is something in having this much. They came slow, at first. They came slow, and they left just as quickly. The first time that Tom touched a wand—not his wand, but a wand nonetheless—he was eleven. But he was also twenty-nine, and he was a wizard knight who was pushing his will forward into a wandless shield charm to protect his king. The first time that he saw Hogwarts, he was a student, but he was also a professor. He was aged and could feel his bones protesting as he stood slowly to address his first ever class of students. But they came quicker, after that. He found the secret passageways that connected Hogwarts to the outside world, and he saw Gryffindor's sword, and he opened the chamber of secrets. He killed a girl dressed in Ravenclaw's colors, and a muggle family after that. He tortured his followers and commanded with impunity. He was a woman sneaking through the lush forests of the amazon. He was a man spearing his sword through the gut of his enemy. He was Salazar Slytherin commanding a snake, and a snake being commanded by a descendant of Salazar Slytherin. He killed a maiden dressed in rags, and a magical family after that. He commanded Grecian soldiers with cold conviction and tortured his adversaries. There was always someone else though, always on the periphery of his awareness. He would catch glimpses of them, if he was lucky: a black-haired man dressed in wizard robes, a slender woman with emeralds for eyes, a king with a golden crown on his head, and a servant handing one over. But more often than not, he only knew that his soulmate was nearby. Tom feels no ambition to live forever—it is pointless, when he knows that he will never truly die. Yet he was sorted into Slytherin for a reason, and so despite the fact that there is no need for a silver locket or a golden cup, there is the need for followers, for an army, for the power that his ambition demands he seeks. There is time for all of that, though; there is time. When he graduates Hogwarts, he does not strive for political power; he strives to know the world in its entirety. He learns of ancient magics, and of those that are more recent. He learns of blood sacrifices and permanent death. He learns to spell cast in the staccato sounds of Greek, in the harsh sounds of German, and in the sibilant sounds of parseltongue. And he learns of his soulmate,