Harriette S. Potter is navigating her fourth year; Just trying be be a normal teenager. Mentor and rated t for stuff and things... Gets darker as it goes on. Slow in the beginning but you know... This is my first story...but it is revised. If you don't like it, shove off. If you do, hugs all around. Cause I'd be surprised if anyone does. (Version 2) She lay on her side, trying to make the pain go away. She took deep shuddering breaths, in order to calm herself. Nice try little one , but this pain won't go away that easily, the snide voice in head said. She turned to lay on her back and stared up at the ceiling, trying to recall the reason she got here in the first place. Dumbledore she hissed angrily in her head. Tears freely flowed from her eyes as she begun to distract herself from the pain. I'm Harriette Seville Potter, I'm 14 years old and I have 3 best friends, two really good friends, two trusted adults, and a godfather. Ginny is the closest person in my life, she is like a sister. Ron and Hermione are my best - A sudden noise to her right startled her out of her thoughts. She paused for a moment so she could get a handle of what was happening. Shuffling of feet and mumbling. She bit her lip, as she hoped Barty Crouch Jr. would tire of her. But he remained in the back room. Pain resurged in her body with a vengeance, as she quickly returned to self-distracting, but with Crouch near, she kept an ear out. She continued. – Ron and Hermione are good friends of mine, and they call me Harry for short. My owl is called Hedwig and I love her. A bunch of glass shattered in the back room, startling her, she turned her neck quickly. She winced. She tried she get a move on, but as before, but the the pain was too great. The bones in her leg and hip were protruding far any movement. She was stuck. She stopped trying to move and squeezed her eyes shut. More shuffling of feet. Her heart quickened as it came closer. A curtain was wrenched opened. "Now what are we going to do with you?" A voice to her right said. Harry did not need to turn her head to know who that was. Had she done so it would only have resulted in pain, in her neck and in her heart. But she did open back her eyes in fierce rebellion against her captor. "You know crouch, I see no rhyme nor reason for all this." She tried to stay calm, soothing the forming migraine with imaginary seascape sounds. At this Crouch laughed. Not of one she knew men can make, but of one of harsh cruelty . A bit too familiar for my taste , she thought angrily. She was jerked out of her thoughts by thin hands underneath her armpits, which started to drag her across the floor. She remained limp. She already knew how to deal with men like crouch. He would tell her his plan in arrogance, and then be surprised when their plans do not work out. She almost felt like laughing. Crouch grunted as he lifted her over his shoulders. Had he still been in Alastor moody's body, he would have had some degree of difficulty dragging her body out of his office. As if on time with her assumptions and thoughts he began speaking. "Luckily for you, more for me really, I'm on duty to patrol the halls. No one to save you now Potter" Crouch Sneered. "Actually, let's have some more fun." He walked blithely down the halls, her head and arms swung lamely around every bend and corner. She saw nothing except for the irregular patterns of carpet and stone. He began descending down a staircase. She knew where this was, or at least she thought she knew; After all, all she saw was stone . I think he's taking me to the dungeons. As she began to try to think of things he would do, he stopped and dropped her on the floor. She gasped and squeezed her eyes as pain erupted everywhere for her body, even places that she did not expect pain from. He gave a low chuckle. "Now let's see where your loyalties lie." His lips spread out into a wicked grin. "You shall tell no one of what happened. If you do, I shall be forced to take action. You don't want Miss Weasley or your-" He sneered viciously. " -owl to get hurt now do you?" Despite herself, she gave a small moan of terror, hating herself for it and regretting everything she told him. He leered as he stepped towards her, as if he knew. He banged on the door with his fist, and quickly left. Feeling a bit disappointed that he did not give any clues to his plan, she just lay there. Waiting. A few moments passed as she heard quick footsteps heading toward the door. She closed her eyes, hating what she knew was going to happen . The door opened, and then there was nothing but silence. At least Crouch had some good graciousness to keep her dress' silk slip on, otherwise she'd be completely stark naked. Harry could have giggled. Not really because it was humorous, the thought of Snape seeing her naked body, but out of desperation and pain. The shear grip of reality was lost to her now. The lack of sleep and the loss of blood? I really should've worn the suit that I wanted to wear. She whined, as she tried to remain conscience by thinking of the suit she had bought. The suit, which and been deep wine color, had been the original plan ever since McGonagall had announced that they were to have a ball. She did not want to attend ,but there was no way to get out of it; she was a "Champion". She begged and pleaded, but like always it fell on deaf ears. She had to settle, on a simple white dress To her it was horrifying to see the girls obsess with their hair and makeup. She heard they even woke up around 5 O'clock in the morning. When she her the high pitched chatter of her dorm mates, she groaned loudly enough to let them know that she saw still sleeping. I'm not even alive at 5 O'clock. Regardless of attire she still felt like it would of happened anyway, seeing she was nearly alone all the time. Tears fell down her face. She felt herself being lifted on to stretcher. Everything blurred, words scenery, faces….It took every ounce of dignity had been taken from her, and there was no way a gaining it back. She never really had a childlike innocence, but she tried in vain to keep the last of that innocence intact. Around her, people were rushing about, talking to her and pouring disgusting liquids down her throat. The pain in her body was subsiding, especially in her neck, so she decided to shake her head a bit to clear it. It was still sore, but thankfully it wasn't any serious pain.. She became aware of her surroundings. Looking at the windows, she guessed that it must be at least mid afternoon now. Living at the Dursleys, she learned how to tell time with the sun. Pathetic really. She was laying in the hospital wing with Madame Pomfrey, Dumbledore, and McGonagall talking to one another at the front of her bed.. Snape meanwhile, was lingering in the in the distance. Although she was still in a haze, she managed to slur out a few words. "Don't skulk in the background Snape, you look looming." They turned to look at her, Madame Pomfrey moving quickly to monitor her patient. She blinked quickly: The medi-witches robes were a bit too white for eyes to handle. She licked her lips and out of habit, stretched out a hand to the nightstand that she knew was there. The first few tries she had nothing but air. Madame Pomfrey went on the other side of her, and promptly exasperatedly scolded her. "Miss Potter, you had severe trauma done to you, and you immediately want independence." Mumbling, she waved her wand and Harry was sitting up slowly. Harry only blinked and licked her lips. She pressed a cold glass on her lips. Harry grabbed the glass and gulped it down greedily. She sighed and let go of the glass. She wiped a hand against her mouth, and groaned. "Well, you should of not of gulped it so quickly." Madame Pomfrey stated as she moved about around her. Harry sucked her teeth, "Please, I'd be burping." She sat up slowly and swung her legs out of the bed. Madame Pomfrey and Mcgonagall started to protest, Harry cut them off . "Don't you start. Just remember who put me in this situation in the first place." She said testily. McGonagall's lips thinned. Harry glared at them all. Dumbledore looked as he was about to speak, but anger got the best of her so Harry impulsively rushed out as fast as she could, ignoring the ever present pain in her head and in her body. She ran and ran, running past the kids still reveling in the joy and pleasure of the ball. She ran past the ever bickering Ronald and Hermione, who seemed to be making their way down to the Hospital wing. Harry didn't really know where she was running to. But it felt great to run, the exhilarating feel of freedom after being confined to a bed for days. Despite the rush, the overwhelming anxiety and grief lingered on the edge of her consciousness. Harry was running like Dudley and friends were playing Harry Hunt. Running like her uncle was after her. Harry ran past Hagrid's hut, and the hippogriff pen, towards a hill. Unfortunately, life decided to throw a large flat grey stone at her feet, making her trip and tumble down it. Fortunately, however, it wasn't such a large hill, therefore, the tumble was relatively short. It was short, but it was no harsher on her body then jump roping after a marathon. Harry gasped as she sat up, trying to get herself and her lungs together. She stood up and stretched, bones creaked and popped. She hugged herself tightly, as she shivered violently. Harry started to panic, fuckfuckfuck, where the fuck is this, fuck! She swirled violently around, trying to get a bearing on her , as if the the harsh December wind opened her soul, Harry started to cry. After a moment, she gave out a harsh laugh. An outsider, who would of seen it, would of passed it off as a normal girl crying, but if anyone knew anything, Harriette Potter was not normal girl, so this, crying, would be very unusual. The thought alone made the situation laughable. The last time Harry remembered crying this hard would be the time she had accidentally called Aunt Petunia mum, when she was 5. She had slapped Harry and, Uncle Vernon, who had been in the same room, had said "She is not your mother, you inbred freak. No one would want to be your parents, as you are a nothing, but a freak. Should've drowned you at as soon as I saw you, if I could." Harry had cried all night, thinking about how alone she was and wondering why they hated her. Up until now she had, disassociated herself from those particular emotions, from other people, she held herself up when she was meant to be down. But now, what is left? I have nothing but an owl and a wand. She cried until her throat burned, till her eyes were dry, till all she could do was heave dry sobs. Feeling cold