Darkness. It is not only the physical absence of all light from near and far but it is mental baroness. It is the feeling of being alone in however big the world may be. It is the feeling of never being able to see what's right in front of you even though your mind is screaming, Wake up! This isn't right. There is something right in front of you and you are too blind to see it. But no matter how hard you try, you still can't see. That's why I was terrified when I opened my eyes for the first time into nothingness. An endless stream of impending fear, doubt and anxiety filled my mind. Where was I? Who was I? What was I? Was I alive? Did I even exist? Did anything exist? My own mind answered my question. I had to exist. I had thoughts. I was aware and conscious. I could not feel anything so there was no pain, which comforted me in just the slightest. But the engulfing feeling of being alone, certainly was not. As I began to lose hope on my entire existence, my eyes began to focus on what was light—a slightly hazy, encompassing light that did not seem quite normal, almost like I was imagining it. It was the type of light that would appear in a dream. I grasped the sight, holding onto the only thing that looked like a glimmer of hope, clinging to it like it was my only lifeline. And then I watched. The scene began to present itself in front of me. I saw a dark shadow fly through a dense forest, flashing in and out of appearance as it weaved through the towering trees. It was undeniably late at night and was very dark; however, it was evident that the figure was running inhumanely fast, almost flying, through a wooded area. The trees blew in the night wind. Approaching a small town, the figure emerged from the woods onto a dimly lighted paved street. There was not a soul in sight, only the figure. The golden light of the street lamps hovered over what appeared to be a person and clearly showed to be a man. He was tall and had a medium build. He wore boots and thin, worn tan pants with a light, tattered black shirt that fit snug over the defined muscles of his chest. He wore a dark jacket on over it, unzipped. His sleeves were pushed up slightly on his forearms and he had large but proportionate hands that were clenched into fists. Overall, he had looked like he hadn't been near civilization for a while. He wasn't dirty, just worn and rugged. But despite his earthy appearance, I gasped when I caught the first glance of his face. If I had a beating heart, it would have certainly skipped multiple beats. His complexion was unusually pale, but beautiful. He was like an angel. My own personal angel. The light that shone over in his direction created shadows on his face that made out his strikingly handsome features. My eyes drifted to his taut jawline which was much defined along with his defined cheek bones. His lips were pale, slim and slanted downwards in a settling frown. It sparked a twinge of sadness within me. The man reached up to comb his long fingers through his curly light blonde hair. For the condition that his clothes were in, his hair showed no signed of damage, it was quite clean, but messy. I imagined running my fingers through the ends of them. I wanted to feel the softness of it. I wanted to smooth it out. He walked forward under the street lamps, revealing more of his perfectly exquisite face and neck. There were small marks that scattered across his neck and upper chest. Scars. There were a lot of them. They were deeply embedded into the still beautiful surface of his skin. They weren't usual scars though, no redness, no usual imperfections of an average scar. They were still perfect within themselves, perfect, crescent scars in the form of bites. Pale white and crescent shaped, like tiny moons. It brought out a feeling in me that was certainly foreign—protectiveness. He was hurt before and I was definitely not okay with that. I distracted myself to rid the unpleasant thoughts. Aside from the scares, he was flawless. All I wanted to do was reach out and touch him, to not only see his presence but to feel it as well. I wanted to drown myself in his essence. The man lifted his shadowed face revealing his large eyes. They glimmered in the dim light. They were dynamic but appeared sad, matching the orientation of his mouth. They were intriguing, enigmatic yet melancholy. But the feature about them that stood out the greatest was color of them—bright red. Suddenly my focus shifted and it took me to another scene. He was no longer on the street; he was sitting at a table with a facial expression that seemed extremely genuine. A far contrast to the expression displayed on his face earlier. A smile, one corner of his mouth lifted slightly higher than the other. Then he spoke and I gasped when my ears heard the most heavenly voice that passed through his lips. It was deep, rich and certainly southern as he spoke with a drawl. He was saying a name that I didn't recognize though, "Alice…" Alice. Who's Alice? Then I saw the woman who was the answer to my question. She had dark black hair that was cut in a short, but tasteful way. She had a slim face with big bright golden eyes. As I compared the two of them standing side by side, I noticed she was significantly shorter than him. She was slim and very petite but undeniably still very womanly. She wore a black dress that fell slightly above her knees. She had a very graceful essence about her as she flitted around the man. The exuberance emitted from her brightened the man's eyes as he laughed in a low chuckle. The way the two of them interacted, I could tell they were definitely a couple—a couple that was assuredly in love with each other. And that made me feel something knew. Jealously. I didn't want to be alone anymore and I wanted to feel love for someone as she did. I wanted to love him, and take care of him, not physically of course, but emotionally. I wanted to make him happy. She was standing in front of him now. Her smile matched his. Happiness was emitting from the couple. He reached out for her cheek and cupped it gently. He spoke in the gentlest and angelic tones I'd only dream of. " Alice, I love you." My eyes suddenly opened and after a few moments of darkness, my eyes adjusted. I felt panicked, in need of the angel's company again. The feeling of anxiety and panic began to emerge its way into my head once again. "Come on…" I yelled at my head, frustrated, pushing myself to get the picture into my head again. How did I do that? I felt the urge to cry but the tears never came. Why couldn't I cry?! I needed to see him again. That beautiful stranger that emitted the essence of love lingered in my mind. I didn't even know his name. After residing my disappointment of focusing into reality, confusion flooded my mind as I wondered how I could see that scene so vividly in my mind.It was like seeing a different world within my head. I was convinced I was going insane. My hands darted up to my hair and face, tracing my features. My hair felt short and choppy falling barely to the bottom of my neck. I ran my fingers through the length of it and then across my face. It felt smooth and flawless. My nose felt small and while my mouth seemed to follow suit, it was undoubtedly defined and shapely. I ran my hands down my body revealing to me that I was definitely a woman. But who was I? Who was that woman in my head? Why couldn't I remember anything about myself? It was as if I suddenly appeared out of thin air, no recollection of my past or even my present and in no means my future. Unanswered questions continued flooding my mind. Then I became very discouraged after remembering what I just saw. Where was that beautiful stranger that had presented himself just a moment ago? I saw him and I could not explain it but I felt safe in his presence. But now I was alone again. It was uncomfortable. I wanted the comforting feeling of the man's presence around me once more. If only I knew his name. But he did say a name—Alice . The woman in his presence bared resemblance to my physique. That must have been me, I realized. That was me. He was speaking to me after all, who else's name would it have been. And he loves me , I smiled from ear to ear. It was the first time I ever smiled. "He loves me," I spoke softly to myself, "Alice." Suddenly, my surroundings became evident to me. My eyes were fully focused. I was laying in an alleyway on the cold, damp ground crunched in between two towering buildings made of brick and at the very end was an opening to a street barely lit by street lamps. Before I could even analyze my surroundings, an inordinate feeling consumed me. It was such an overpowering and fully intoxicating sensation. I physically felt my throat swelling. I could not get past the intoxicant lust for something I could not put a finger on. I reached up and grabbed my throat trying to succumb the ache. From outside the alley and onto a barren street, there were voices, men's voices. Before I even got the chance to observe them, something inside of me snapped and an unstoppable craving for something more overcame my senses. Something sweet, flowing and red. Blood. Before I even realized what I was doing, I was out of the alley before I could even think. It was as if there was a mental block between my consciousness and my instinct. My thirst was quenched before I knew it and realization sunk in my mind as I started to regain a stable state and focused mind. I was holding a man by the collar and he was now limp in my arms. I looked around at the horror before me with my bloodred eyes. What have I done?! If it was possible me to hyperventilate, the moment would have certainly been then. There was no way. Things like that…people like me just didn't exist, right? Was that what I was? A monster?! A vampire? Anxiety continued to flood my nerves as I ran down the street, faster than I ever thought possible. Everything was a shock to me—not only the speed but my senses. Objects down to a mere speck were visible to my naked eye. Everything was in an incredible focus. I dashed into a woodsy area on the side of the road and as I looked around, I concentrated on observing every single detail of my surroundings. I could see every tiny little bug, leaf, blade of grass extremely clearly. Every smell assaulted my nose as I breathed unnecessary breaths into my lungs. I could even hear the wind sliding past my ears as I ran. Coming to a stop, I sat down on the log of a fallen tree and shut my eyes. Bursting out in tearless sobs, I buried my face in my hands. I was completely overwhelmed and terrified. I needed someone. I needed to not feel like I was alone. I wanted my angel back. I needed him back. I