A/N- Ugh, I don't know what came over me, but suddenly 10,000 words just magically appeared on the page and I've decided to post it on a whim. So basically I binge-watched all of Queer as Folk (the UK version) in one night and I had to start writing a fanfiction in which the Stuart Alan Jones character is replaced by Sirius Black and the Nathan Maloney character is replaced by Charlie Weasley. Yes, this is a muggle AU and please mind the mature rating. It's not too explicit, but I don't think its tame enough to be rated T. Also, I don't usually like reading or writing stories with such a wide age gap between the paired characters, but hey, at least I made Charlie of consenting age, unlike his character in the wonderful television series this fanfiction is based on. I take many lines directly from Queer as Folk, but I did change the plot around quite a bit to fit the Harry Potter characters. I'm not sure if I'm going to write more than this, but if you want more, please let me know. It might be fun to explore these characters, so who knows? Could make for an interesting chapter fic instead of a one-off. Charlie Weasley pulled a cigarette from his pocket and lit it between shaking fingers. Taking a puff, he tried his best to calm his nerves. It would not do well to look like a frightened child while standing on this particular street. Charlie was quite honestly terrified. He wasn't sure why he chose tonight of all nights to sneak out of his house and travel west to Canal Street. He'd never really done such a thing before. Broken the rules, that is. He was always the good child. Got decent grades, but wasn't a total swot like Percy. Able to have a good laugh, but didn't go out of his way to be funny like Fred and George. He wasn't the oldest, the one everyone looked up to. No, that honor went to Bill. He wasn't the youngest, the one everyone babied. Ron and Ginny got the brunt of that particular love from the family's matriarch. He was just Charlie. Good ol' Charlie Weasley. No real defining characteristics. The one who was constantly overlooked. It bothered him sometimes, but he'd rather have no adjectives tacked onto the beginning of his identity, than have everyone label him the gay one. Charlie watched the people as they strode by, barely giving him a second glance unless it was to leer. It was unsettling actually. He didn't even know why he was here or what he expected to get from this experience except to become even more uncomfortable in his sexuality than he already was. He tapped his finger on the fence post he was leaning against, quickly gearing up to make a hasty retreat. No , he scolded himself. You can do this. Just ask someone where to go. "Excuse me," he said, stopping an older gentleman in his tracks. "I mean… I'm just looking, but I don't— I mean what's the best place to go?" The older man stuffed his hands into his pockets and promptly replied, "Well it depends on what you're after. If you want bastards," he spit out, his posture suddenly turning hostile, "you'll want to go in there." Charlie followed the man's pointer finger and barely registered the name of the club before the man was shouting again. "And if you want wankers, go in there. And if you want selfish little mincing piss-tied dickheads, then pick a building. ANY BUILDING! It's full of them!" The man turned and strode away leaving a mystified Charlie in his wake. Well… bollocks. That was a raving success, Charlie. Well done. Charlie sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. He took another drag of his cigarette and reached into his pocket for another, but he was all out. Bill always used to say, when your pack is empty, the night is over. Charlie hoped things were going well at University for his older brother. God he missed him. While heading back to the carpark, he leaned against a railing and finished his cigarette, taking one last look at Canal Street and the complete failure this night turned out to be. Perhaps he would try again another night. And perhaps he wouldn't. The embers were slowly eating away at the paper and he knew it would all be over the second the flames reached his fingers. And that's when Charlie saw him for the first time. This man walked with purpose, like he owned the world and just happened to let everyone live in it, rent-free. He wore a long-sleeved button up shirt and skinny trousers, all in black. His dark hair was a bit longer and slightly wavy, framing his chiseled facial features that belonged on royalty. His lips were always curved up as if nothing could deter his pleasant mood, but his smile hinted at mischief and mayhem. And those eyes were like nothing Charlie had ever seen before. On the colorful street, the gray of his irises contrasted beautifully. That silver gaze landed on Charlie for only the briefest of moments before it moved on. All Charlie knew was that he wanted this man to give him a second glance, unlike all the rest, and he spent every spark of his remaining energy following the man with his eyes and silently willing for him to turn back. And then he did. Charlie was struck dumb and he looked away quickly. What am I thinking? Is this what I really want? Isn't my night supposed to be over? "Had a good night?" Charlie looked up at the owner of the melodious voice that contained just the softest Irish lilt. He was fairly certain he had never heard something more beautiful. "Yeah." That one word was all that he could utter and it would have to do. "I'm Sirius," the man offered. Charlie raised an eyebrow waiting for him to explain that statement. He's serious? What did that mean? The man only grinned wider and offered no explanation. "Got somewhere to go," he asked instead. I should really get home. "No." What are you doing? "Want to come back to mine?" The question was like music to Charlie's ears and he didn't even realize he was nodding his head until the man was holding out a hand. "Ok," he choked out. The tall, dark stranger sent him an amused expression as if he were looking at a small kitten that got his head trapped inside an empty napkin box. Charlie couldn't find it in himself to mind. He took the man's hand. "Sirius," a voice called from the carpark. The man wrapped an arm around Charlie's shoulders and just sent a little wave to the obviously annoyed man sitting on the hood of a jeep. Sirius. That's his name, Charlie concluded. "I'm keeping it then, shall I?" The man next to him only smirked in response. "Right then. Good luck getting to work. Git." While the tall brunette was clearly aggravated as he entered and started the jeep, it was evident to Charlie he was one of Sirius's closest friends. And that Sirius did this sort of thing a lot. Charlie searched his soul to see if he minded and surmised that at this particular moment, he really, really didn't. It was only a few minutes before they reached Sirius's flat. (Charlie said flat, but it was decidedly better than a mere flat.) Taking up the entire top floor, Sirius lived in the most beautiful place Charlie had ever seen in real life. Considering Sirius was the most beautiful person Charlie had seen in real life, the flat was definitively fitting. "Nice kitchen," Charlie remarked and immediately regretted. Sirius took out a water bottle from the cooler and gulped the whole thing down in one go. "It's great, it's really nice," Charlie added and wanted to smack himself in the head for being so idiotic. Sirius wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and continued to not say a word. Charlie knew he should probably shut up now, but silences were hard, especially for a boy in a family of nine. Silences were a rarity and right now, they weren't sitting well with Charlie, because it suddenly hit him that he was in some stranger's place, alone, just this random bloke and plain old Charlie Weasley. "I never cook. Takeaways, that's me," Charlie continued awkwardly. He didn't think he was fooling Sirius with the line, trying to make himself seem older than he currently was, nor did he particularly care. He just wished that he would shut up already. Sirius headed out of the kitchen and strode to the back of the flat where Charlie presumed his bedroom was. Charlie watched, captivated, as Sirius stalked toward the door, slowly unbuttoning his top and shoving it over his shoulders, showing off his lean, toned back. Charlie knew he was still talking, but at this point he had no idea what he was actually saying. It was probably something horribly embarrassing like his allergic reaction to peanuts or the time he thought his older brother's lizard was a baby dragon that hadn't started growing yet. Abruptly, Sirius spun around, his dark locks dancing across his face like he had practiced that move a thousand times over in order to get it absolutely perfect. Charlie probably thought that this was exactly what the man did in his spare time. It proved very affective, however, at shutting Charlie up, so he would be eternally grateful for all that practice. "You staying out here or what?" Charlie's heart leapt into his throat. He could hear the rapid pace of his heartbeat like the bass of a catchy pop song urging him to move forward. He took a few steps closer to Sirius, his eyes never leaving those colorless depths that marked each side of Sirius's face. The man across form him took two steps closer as well and now they were face to face. Charlie was surprised to find out that he was actually a few centimeters taller. That fact did not stop Sirius from taking control, however, and soon their lips were connected. This wasn't the first time Charlie had kissed someone. Of course, those kisses were with girls. He remembered practicing with his best friend when they were in year eight. He remembered the spattering of girls he took to school dances and kissed good night. Charlie had kissed before, but he had never been kissed before. Kissing a bloke was altogether different, because they were both fighting for dominance which created a certain kind of dance unlike any other. It wasn't long before Charlie had Sirius's face in his hands desperately trying to explore the man's mouth with every inch of his tongue. He didn't even realize he was being lead into the bedroom until they were already there. Sirius shifted his weight which caught Charlie off balance and suddenly he was lying flat on the most comfortable bed Charlie had ever felt before. He didn't even have time to run his hands over the soft satin sheets before Sirius climbed on top of him, undoing his belt expertly with one hand. Soon they were both stark naked and Charlie was struggling to rein in his fear. He'd never done anything like this before, especially with another man, and he was predictably terrified out of his mind. But he wanted this. He really wanted this. Sixteen years he spent hidden from the world, too afraid of having an identity that most people would deem inappropriate and wrong. He knew the nineties were more accepting than the eighties, and the eighties were more accepting than the seventies, and so on and so forth. But there was still a decent portion of the population that did not understand— were unwilling to understand—