No infringements of copyrights is intended in this story. The characters with the exception of Sabriel belong to the Tolkein Estate and will be respected as such. Warning: This story contains parental discipline of a child. (Spanking) This story takes place in the time before the War of the Ring, Sabriel would be considered around six human years old. Reflections Spring had come to Rivendell. The garden was in bloom and the river was returning to a warm happy place. The river, Sabriel thought, has moods the same as a person. The river had been quiet, almost angry, in its winter solitude but now it was happy and peaceful. Sabriel sat by its banks and drew the water lilies that were beginning to bloom. Others were also enjoying the outdoors. A heated conversation drew Sabriel's attention from her sketchbook. "Gifts from the Valor are few, they are precious and cannot be shown or used without great thought." Stated Erestor "You can see Valinor in the reflection of these gifts, they are treasures and links to those who have gone across the sea before us.Everyone should be able to see them." Replied the other elf whose name Sabriel did not know. "These gifts are not baubles to be put on display. They are far to precious for everyone to have access to. Think of what might happen if they fell into the wrong hands. The artifacts and the reflection of Valinor would be desecrated. We must protect their secrets always!" Erestor replied vehemently Sabriel watched as the two elders moved out of earshot and wondered why no one had ever mentioned the fact that you could see into Valinor through gifts from the Valar. It would be a relief to know her family and kin were safe across the sea. Tears escaped the elfling's eyes as she thought about her family. Sabriel walked forlornly through the garden and into the archery range looking for Glorfindel. No one was in the practice area so the young elf returned to the chambers she shared with her guardian. As she walked Sabriel thought about what she had heard while sitting in the garden. Sabriel was the last surviving River Wind Elf in Middle Earth. Her people had been killed or had left these shores for Valinor unaware that one of them still lived in captivity in Mordor. Rescued by Aragorn and the Rangers Sabriel was brought to Rivendell and given into the care of Lord Glorfindel. Sabriel did not find Glorfindel in their chambers, but she knew he had not gone far because his sword and scabbard were in their holders in the common area of their quarters. Sabriel stared at the ornate sword. She knew the story of the sword, it had been given toGlorfindel by Mandos in the halls beyond the sea. Thinking about the words the Elders had spoken she decided to look into the blade to see if she could see her people. As she began to take the sword from its protective sheath she felt a hand close over her wrist. "What are you doing with my sword?" Glorfindel asked quietly. Sabriel suddenly didn't want to tell Glorfindel why she wanted to look at his sword. What if he became angry with her for wanting to see into the world beyond the seas? Sabriel took a deep breath. "I just wanted to look at it" Thinking this was at least a partial truth. "Even though you are forbidden to touch it or any weapon without my being present?" Glorfindel asked Sternly Sabriel nodded, refusing to meet her guardian's questioning look. Glorfindel sighed and sat on a chair and drew Sabriel to his side. "This is not like you child". He took the girl's chin in his hand gently forcing her to meet his stern gaze. "Is there more to this then what you are telling me?" Sabriel made no reply. Glorfindel lifted the little girl and placed across his knees, holding her securely. Glorfindelcontinued by asking, "Why are you being punished?" "Because I touched your sword without permission." Sabriel replied apprehensively. Glorfindel spanked Sabriel firmly. When he finished, he settled the girl against his chest and waited for her sobs to end. "I'm sorry Glorfindel." Sabriel whispered once she was able to speak. "Young one, you will never do this again. Weapons are not toys for you to play with. Heniach nin?" asked Glorfindel formally " Q Tancave Hir Glorfindel" replied Sabriel softly Glorfindel set Sabriel her onto her feet and said "Go to your room I will call you for the evening meal." "Yes Glorfindel." Sabriel replied obediently as she walked the short distance to her room. Glorfindel watched after the girl in puzzlement, she was normally a very thoughtful and obedient child, this entire episode was out of character for the girl. He wondered, again, if there was more to the story then Sabriel was telling him. Sabriel curled up on her bed miserably, she did not like displeasing Glorfindel, he had been so kind to her, making her feel safe and loved. She thought about asking him what exactly you might see if you stared into his sword blade but fear of offending her guardian overwhelmed her. An hour later Glorfindel entered Sabriel's room quietly, he was not surprised to find her sleeping after the emotional upset she had experienced that afternoon. Sitting next to the small elfling he gently began stroking her hair and calling her name softly to waken her for the evening meal. Once she was fully awake Glorfindel told her to prepare for dinner, as they would leave in a few minutes for the dining hall. Dinner that evening was a quiet affair. When they had finished eating Glorfindel and Sabriel returned to their chambers. After Sabriel had prepared for bed she came out to the common area to bid her guardian goodnight. "Would you like to look at the stars with me Sabriel?" Glorfindel asked. Sabriel nodded and took Glorfindel's offered hand as they walked to the pathways that led into the forest and across the meadow to where the stars were best seen. Glorfindel seated himself against a large rock and pulled the elf child into his lap. He began telling Sabriel the legends of the stars. The young elf loved these stories and tried desperately to stay awake, but Glorfindel's melodic voice had her yawning sleepily, soon she curled up against his chest and slipped into sleep. This is what the Vanya had intended when he brought her to watch the stars. He wanted the child to move into a calm, restful sleep and this seemed to be the most effective way. When he was certain Sabriel slept soundly, Glorfindel carried her back to her room and tucked her into her bed. Given the events of the day he expected her to sleep the night through. Sabriel moved through a dreamscape in which she saw her village being attacked by the dark orcs that would eventually sell her into captivity. She could hear the shrieks of pain from the town as she cowered in the forest. She tried to scream as she felt rough hands drag her out of her hiding place. Abruptly the dream ended and she woke up in her familiar room. Silent tears coursed down her cheeks as she remembered the screams of pain her family and friends uttered during the attack. Lord Elrond and Glorfindel had told her that her people were with the Valar in the halls beyond the sea and that they were at peace. If she could be sure of that, she thought, maybe these horrid dreams would go away. She remembered again the overheard conversation in the garden. Sabriel slid out of bed and walked into the large sitting room. Resolutely she walked over to the stand where Glorfindel's Sword was stored. Sobbing silently she managed to draw the sword from its scabbard. The sword was heavier then it looked and Sabriel rapidly lost her grip on the pommel. The sword swung in an arc and sliced through the girl's nightdress and into her thigh. Sabriel cried out in pain and dropped the sword. She looked at her leg to see the deep cut seeping blood onto the floor. Glorfindel, who had been alerted by the sudden noise ran into the room, assessing the child's wound quickly and noting what had caused it, picked up the girl and ran with her towards the healing rooms. Estel was sitting near the healing wing of the house when Glorfindel came rushing around the corner carrying Sabriel. "Get your Adar quickly!" he called. Estel looked at the child's injury and sent a nearby elf to alert Elrond to the trouble. Sabriel whimpered and sobbed in Glorfindel's arms. Estel followed Glorfindel quickly into the healing room. "What happened?" Estel queried Sabriel as he gently began to examine her wound. The near hysterical girl could not answer him so Glorfindel supplied the details. Estel motioned for Glorfindel to sit on the low bench. Bracing his back against the wall Glorfindel held the frightened child in his lap restraining her arms gently with his hands. Slipping a cloth beneath her thigh, Estel applied pressure to stop the wound from bleeding then began to prepare it for suturing. Glorfindel rubbed the girl's back gently murmuring soothingly to her, she looked up tearfully at him. "I thought I would be able to see them in your sword." she told Glorfindel as tears coursed down her cheeks. "See who Sabriel?" Glorfindel asked gently as the girl began to cry harder. "Sabriel, you must calm down." Estel interrupted firmly as he tended her wound. Seeing his words had no effect he moved to the cabinet and began to mix a sleeping drought. When he was finished he brought the cup back over to the injured child. Estel looked at Glorfindel and spoke "This will help her relax and make treatment easier." At Glorfindel's affirmative nod Estel held the cup to Sabriel's lips and urged her to drink. The girl coughed and choked as she tried to swallow the drink, he patiently gave her smaller sips of the drought until she had swallowed most of the cups contents. Estel looked up as Elrond entered the room. He briefly gave the healer a description of the wound and the steps he had taken to treat it. Sabriel, for her part was beginning to feel the effects of the sleeping drought. "Don't struggle so tithen pen" Glorfindel whispered as he stroked her back. "All will be well when you awake." As the girl faded into a drugged sleep Elrond took her from Glorfindel's arms and laid her on the treatment table. Estel stood on one side and Elrond on the other as they began to work together to stitch the child's wound. Glorfindel looked on helplessly. "What did Sabriel mean when she said she thought she could see them in your sword?" Estel asked Glorfindel. "I wish I knew" replied Glorfindel in frustration. "I found her with my sword earlier and thought it was simple curiosity, now this…Idon't know why, I thought I had made it clear that she was never to touch any weapon without my permission and supervision." "I am sure you did my friend and when she awakes and is healed you will repeat the lesson to her." Replied Elrond. Glorfindel sighed "It has been my experience with this young one that she usually has reasons for her actions. Not always good or logical reasons, but reasons none the less. Her explanation will help us both to understand what has happened." Elrond reached for some cloth bandages and began to wrap Sabriel's thigh. When he was finished he nodded to Estel who handed the girl back to her guardian. "She will sleep for several more hours, when she wakes she may be in some pain, I will prepare a pain relieving drought and bring it to you in the morning" Estel