..:: TRYING TO PUSH THE PAST AWAY::.. DISCLAIMER: I do not own „Lord Of The Rings". Whole recognizable belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien. Written only for fun, no money made. GENRE: Hurt/Comfort, Angst, Romance WARNINGS: heavy AU, Legolas OOC. This story contains slash, means male/male relationship. Angst, torture, violence, physical/mental/drug abuse, rape. Emotional impact at detailed scenes of healing. Special warnings will be placed before each chapter. SUMMARY: Enslaved in his childhood and continually abused, Legolas leads a hard life in Mirkwood. One horrible day changes everything, and the Elf's very fëa is at stake. Finally Legolas ends up given to the Lord of Imladris. What will his new Master do? CHARACTERS: Legolas, Elrond, Glorfindel, Elladan & Elrohir, Erestor. TIMELINE: 2530 year of the Third Age. Celebrian has sailed over the sea twenty years ago. The new darkness is growing in Dol Guldur. Aragorn is not yet born. FEEDBACK: Highly appreciated and desired! I try to answer every review. Thanks for reading! AUTHOR'S NOTE: Final and remastered edition. Seemingly my attachment to this story is far too great to leave it just so. Chapter I : UNNACCEPTABLE GIFT /*/ The forest was silent. The thick mist of the steamy morning of laer (1) was crawling over the wet, slick grass between the mossy trunks of trees. No bird disturbed the silence of the last couple of hours before the sunrise. The sky was still deep dark blue, despite the thin line of pink light peeking in the East, in the direction they were heading to. It was hampered by the trees, and the shy light was all but lost amidst surrounding darkness. There were no stars either; no real, warm light one could take hope from, only a pale blue glow curling over sparkling, heated mist. The air itself was hot and all seemed sticky, sweat making clothes cling to bodies, dampening hair and plastering it to necks. Unnatural silence only heightened the overwhelming impression that the nature itself was wearied by the humid air. "Why are you not sleeping. You know you will not be able to take a nap on horseback." The tired, resigned whisper came from the left. A dark-haired Elf glanced at his companion, curled into huge roots of an old willow, who was shivering slightly despite the heat. His smaller, thinner form was pressed tightly to the root by his back, his blond head resting on the ground, both his hands securely enfolded around his ribs in a defensive attitude, as if to conserve warmth. "The tree is whispering," he said quietly after a while. "It's talking to me." The dark one sighed, brushing his brown hair out of sight. He glanced thoughtfully at the famished creature. He looked so fragile in comparison to the huge roots he had pressed his back to. Pale hair surrounded his head with matted and dirty knots, tattered garments were positively filthy by now after ten days of traveling. They were giving no protection from the cold which the Elf must have been feeling, given his constant, steady and visible trembling. "Try to sleep, Legolas," the Elf said finally. "At least try. The tree will understand. Do you want my blanket?" The blond one didn't answer, only closed his eyes and turned his face away. Yet his tremble only increased at the thought of being covered with something warm. The Elf crouching near him only sighed and lifted his blanket from the moss. "Move, Legolas," he whispered. "Give me some room." When the Elf scrambled forward, slightly away from the root, his companion simply laid down beside him, tucking the blanket around him and pressing the tense back to his chest. The struggle came immediately. "Moreth, no…" the blond whined trying to evade the touch, but was silenced sharply by an iron hold on his arm. "It's only about warmth. Calm down" The brown one said. He could feel high fever causing the Elf to shake, and could see an unhealthy flush covering both his cheeks in ugly red. How long it is to the sunrise…? Moreth counted. ' Tis too early still , he concluded finally, gazing to the East. He turned to his friend then, stroking his arm in what he hoped was a soothing manner. "You will have to endure an hour more, Legolas. You will do this for me, won't you?" Legolas didn't answer. He was still and tense as a bowstring, allowing Moreth's touch, but praying for it to disappear. A sigh which was hardly calm was everything Moreth could come up with. He was hot and tired, but determined to endure for the sake of his friend. He sensed his irritation at being interrupted when listening to the tree and being ordered to sleep, but Moreth knew better. If Legolas could catch one more hour of sleep, he should; they were so close to their destination. This terrible march from Mirkwood would soon end. Unfortunately, Legolas' endurance was reaching its limits as well. The dawn was dark and quiet - too quiet for the thickness of the forest they were in. Were there no living creatures here? Were these woods dead? The Elf held in Moreth's arms whimpered silently. The very atmosphere of this place was beginning to weigh down on him. He took absolutely no comfort in the arm around his middle; if anything, it was just one more discomfort to endure. There was not much warmth in Moreth also. He was almost as depressed as his friend. The very scent of the other male, his tiredness and strange hardness of the bony chest could bring no reassurance, so the gesture of comfort reversed into an odd, cold and hated habit, causing only more damage to the already abused soul. Legolas buried his face in hands and pressed his cheek to the soft moss. It was damp and clammy. The last quiet hour before departing was the most exhausting and painfully slow, bringing no sleep, only the soul-consuming wait until the torment of enforced, arid rest ended. /*/ It was close to midday when the party of eleven Elves was stopped by armed guards. The contingent was heading to Imladris, carrying a message and gifts from the King of the Mirkwood Forest himself. The group was small, rather poorly provisioned and not heavily armed, but still capable of defending against an unexpected obstacle like an orc attack. Seven of them, appearing to be warriors, were tall and powerfully built, with apparent craftsmanship to be taken into consideration should it come to a fight. Two others were clad in an envoys' green cloaks and fur collars, so the warriors behind appeared to be their escort. There were also two dirty, tired Elves sharing one mare; the brown haired one, sitting behind the elfling he cradled, was holding himself upright and leading the horse with one hand, his green eyes scared, but determined. The child sitting in front of him was leaning forward, holding the mare's mane for dear life, his wrists clad in iron. "We cannot let you pass now," the guard said loudly, eyeing the strange group suspiciously. "You shall not enter the realm on your own." "We are the envoys of King Lathronios of the Mirkwood Forest, and we are heading to see Elrond the Peredhel of Imladris. You will let us pass." "I heard that the first time. The answer is still no." the Elf responded. He was wearing the colors of Elrond's house, holding his hand ready on his short sword, the typical weapon carried by all guards in the range of sight. The Imladrian party was quite numerous and well organized. The border, for the border it was where the contingent has been stopped, was obviously well guarded. "You must let us pass, we have important business to conduct here," the Mirkwood envoy spoke with calmness he was far from feeling. "I said you will not enter the realm alone," the guard repeated stubbornly. "You will have to wait until midday and come with the guards assigned to that task, when their substitutes appear to change them." "We have no time to spare for waiting!" the envoy said, finally losing his patience. "I see royal envoys are considered not much better than common criminals here, if they need to be led under guard. It is an insult of our King!" "It is just an assurance of safety, yours as much as ours. We have no permission to let any armed contingent within Imladris. We bear you no ill will." The Elf gestured to a few of his companions to help the newcomers settle down in the camp and they came closer, ready to help. "You shall see Lord Elrond very soon. It will take only an hour to midday and two more to get to the Last Homely House." The envoys glanced at each other. Irritated, but convinced eventually, they dismounted their stallions and gave the reins over to awaiting guards who led them further away, someplace they could drink and rest after the journey. The warriors followed the example without further arguments. The guard seemed contented with such outcome hoping for some. In the small bustle the two Elves at the rear were almost forgotten, but the darker one attempted to dismount as well, deeming he needs no explicit permission to do so as it was obvious they wouldn't be setting off in an hour's time. He slipped down quite easily, but his companion needed help. He was uncooperative and seemed to have barely registered that they have been halted at the border. One of the contingent warriors turned to the two, asking something sharply. The Imladris guard frowned at the tone and glanced over his shoulder, only to see that the blond one refused to answer, which earned him a blow across the cheek that sent him flying down from the horse and landing in the other Elf's extended hands. The guard had no time to shake off his shock, for the armed Elf reached to lift the abused captive up and hit him once again, this time with a nasty looking riding crop he held. The smaller form was shielded by the other Elf's own body and pushed down to the grass with a sharp order to sit under the tree. The guard, who just ran towards them to put a stop to what was happening, was now close enough to hear the furious words of the warrior Elf. "How dare you, slave! Move out of the way!" he said angrily, reaching to grab the Elf's shoulder when his order was ignored. He never managed to touch the brown-haired one, though. "What is this?" the guard demanded, standing between them. "What is this, I ask? What are you doing?" "These are just slaves," the answer came. "They needed to be shown their place." The guard found himself speechless; with a quick turn he saw that the taller Elf was no longer standing behind him, but kneeling near his friend - who was no child as previously thought, but a grown male, only so underfed and crumpled on the ground that he looked rather minute. "Imladris does not adhere to slavery," the guard said finally with renewed determination. "Being in our borders, you will abide our laws; you will not beat them in my presence. Put it down," he gestured at the whip. The warrior glanced briefly at the envoys' direction, but indeed put the crop back near his saddle and turned to his horse, having no incentive to argue with Imladris guard. "Strange customs indeed in this valley." He muttered, displeased. "For me, strange is your brutal treatment of them. Why are you leading slaves into our realm? What is this all about?" "We were ordered to deliver them, the envoys know more," the Mirkwood Elf responded, tending to his horse and taking his pack off its back. "The blond one is to stay here as far as I know. The other is here to help."