MAY HE NEVER KNOW by Grey Pigeon DISCLAIMER: The Word of Middle-Earth and it's inhabitants belong to Master Tolkien. I just borrowed them yet again. This is aim of fiction, I earn no money from this. SUMMARY: Legolas is reminiscing about one night of sweet oblivion. Regardless of who they are and what duties they hold, Legolas and Elrond dared to trust each other once – they succumbed to the folly, forbidden and beautiful freedom. Oneshot. WARNING: Not very drastic AU. Precisely: I know that Legolas has never been to Lothorien before the Quest, but it was convenient that way. And we can assume things, but no one knows if Legolas has siblings or not – then, why wouldn't he? What's more important, THIS IS SLASH, means male/male relationship, including intimate closeness. Please leave if this offends you in any way. PAIRING: Legolas/Elrond RATING: M TIMELINE: I'm relieved to say that this time it's not that important. 'before the Quest' is enough.^^ FEEDBACK: Highly appreciated. Please write something constructive. AUTHOR'S NOTE: Written for my dearest friend and supporter, my favourite person in the whole world, as a birthday gift. May Valar bless you, Geale! It is a humble gift with sincere 'thank you' for everything. Enjoy. *Bows* Try to imagine: that night was just like this one. It was summer, so the precious warmth enveloping us was generous. Thick veil of heat was scattering amidst the mighty trees of my homeland wood, but the air was still heavy with upcoming thunderstorm, promising to wash over flesh and grass, wet the horse's manes, cleanse tired thoughts, wake up the most refreshing scent of damp bark and revive the gracious wind, which would toss your hair and fling with the wide sleeves of your tunic. In that night I was leading a fierce battle with my thoughts. As I yielded finally, heading to the door of his bedchamber, the first raindrops started to fall. I felt united with the dark sky above, reflecting so well my inner turmoil. Try to understand, my friend. I saw him only few times in my life. Being still just a young elf, compared to him, I am like a slender sapling near a mighty mallorn tree. I think this might and this beauty in him caught me. So proud and powerful, and yet so different than my own Father. His coal black hair and strict face stood in sharp contrast to my Ada's smile I was so used to, his brightly golden mane, so much like mine. Each time he was dressed richly, holding himself strictly upright, his eyes resting upon the one who spoke to him vigilantly and demandingly. I noticed that many preferred not to look him in the eye, so tough and so brave his glare was. Given that I was a child, he seemed not only dignified, but slightly scary. Maybe it is just because I have never seen him cradle his son and sing to him quietly, as my Ada used to sing to me and my brothers. Our first meeting left me overawed. I hid from his eyes before they could reach me, purposely standing behind the wide stone pillar in my Father's Throne Hall. Using the opportunity, I stared unkindly; no one would pay attention to the youngster I was, for no one suspected that from all the delightful places in the woods, eerie clearings and streams or the royal stables I would choose to be in a Throne Hall, eavesdropping about the important guests of Imladris. My political education still was matter of small importance, I was just too small to understand, and it was really impossible to predict what will ever come of me. All I wanted to do was running through the woods with my first bow, like a savage, while my older brothers were much more responsible and highly interested in Ada's kingship. I observed with jealousy as the two were introduced to the Lord, I heard my Father's favorable tone and I was burning red. The great Lord's acknowledgment of my brothers was very polite, he laid his hands on their blond heads and whispered some endearments, for they both squirmed like kittens and were talking about this event for days afterwards. All I was given was his name. A name I could match to this outstanding person who occupied my thoughts for some time. Lord Elrond the Peredhel of Imladris. I met him again much later. It was when he lost his wife. I was surprised, and not pleasantly. He was even more straight than I remembered him, thinner, quieter. His skin grayish. His robes dark. His fingers slightly shaking. His stroll short and devoid of usual briskness. Pale mithril on his brow heavy and disturbing, glowing silently in darkness he was immersed deep within. We have left Imladris quickly after the absolutely necessary arrangements. I listened to what royals were saying. I tried to imagine and comprehend what happened to this awesome, glowing Elrond I remembered. His eyes were like dead pools of misery, while my brothers spoke of sparks of delight in them, warm hands which touched them in a blessing and merry comparison to his own twin sons. I wanted to know, I was so purely… sorry for him. And slightly disappointed, in a way. Quickly after that meeting we traveled to Lothorien. I was enchanted by the Golden Wood and paid absolutely no heed to the army locations, upcoming harvests, actual Mirkwood policy and important news from other realms. I happily joined the patrols of the Marchwardens, who were glad of my company; they pampered me with stories, legends, names of unknown weapons, little sparring matches. They showed me safe ways of crossing the forest, secret traps laid for the unprepared intruders, art of climbing on the trees and using the branches for a quick run, clever ideas of hiding or tricking your opponent from above. I couldn't have been happier than with them; I treasured that hours with them as if they were stolen from my normal life and roamed the ethereal, golden woods, where everything seemed so big, so pure, so unreal, as if I strolled into a dream. Then, close to midnight, I had to come back. I already knew Ada will be very angry with me, but that seemed a routine and didn't bother me that much. If someone missed me very dearly, he would have sent for me and force to behave. As nothing like such happened – I quietly came back to the royal talan we were lodged on in the middle of the night. Preoccupied and overwhelmed I never saw the Imladris delegation, so I had no idea that Lord Elrond is here also. I ran into him by accident. He stood in the corridor entwining around the huge mallorn trunk like a spiral. Fate wanted that it was that exact corridor which would lead me to the talan where I was supposed to lay for a sleep with the rest of my family. Not thinking much, I hid immediately behind the wooden carving decorating the stair's balustrade; I recognized the Lord and could not find enough courage to simply pass him. He was leaning on the window sill, staring at the sight of Caras Galadhon. He listened with his eyes closed to the choir of Elven voices, floating around in a fluid caress of sound. Lothorien was always singing in the evenings and that night was no different. I looked at him. He was lost in thought. Totally unlike I would imagine, with a soft and somehow resigned gesture he slid to the sitting position. He let his head fall back to support itself on a polished wooden frame; his throat was revealed, it shone in pale moonlight with a perfect sculpture. His hands – wide, big, mighty hands – they lied on his lap defenselessly palms up, like fallen nests. His brow furrowed for a moment, only to straighten again. He was… vulnerable in this exposure. His lips parted. Even if he didn't say a word, they moved, following every delicate word of the fluid, silvery song in breathless elegance. I wished him to open his eyes, his beautiful, grey eyes, and in the same time I wished that he wouldn't, for he could notice me; I prayed that he only stayed like this a while longer, allowing me to look at him, feast on the sight of him. That time, I think, I made the decision. It was done long before the rainy night led me to his door. I had to listen to him speaking. I had to hear his voice. I had to observe closer how he acts. What he likes and dislikes. How he walks. What he chooses for himself to eat when the table is fully served while dinner time. How he brushes his hair out of his eyes. I had to know more. I observed him secretly. I had very little time, for Ada decided to leave in two days. I had to use all the time I had, every single moment. I refused to roam the forest, to the Marchwardens' sincere disappointment, but I could observe the council instead. I followed Elrond after it, heard him talk with his inferiors and his sons, not only royals. I found out how he handles his hair. I learned by heart all of his sighs, so often uttered. I fell for the way he moved, gracefully, slower than he used to, but indescribably smoothly, brushing the floor with his long, heavy robes. And I didn't allow him to catch me with Ada, suddenly terrified that he will embarrass me again like he liked to. This, Lord Elrond, is my youngest son, still so naive… playing only with his bow and running around. He dislikes politics and frets more about the disappearing snow in Spring than takes interest in actual Mirkwood maneuvers… In that moment I understood that would be only true. I really was no partner for a talk. And I knew so little. I was still a child, even if I started to feel first sparks of fire in my loins. At home I continued research. I read every line in Mirkwood's library which told about the Lord of Imladris. I suddenly became interested in council meetings, asking Father if I may listen to them sometimes. He allowed me with a strange, yet pleased expression. I held little love to books at the time, for they were always only describing; books couldn't make you touch the grass or feel the rain on your face. Yet they held wisdom I couldn't find in the forest, so I appreciated them very quickly. I figured out history is something Elrond highly appreciates, so I started revising. Literature came next and I have to admit it was more pleasant; yet I liked poetry the most. I couldn't force myself into every tome, though. Each time I pulled a bow, rode a horse, exercised or ran through the forest I pictured in mind how will it change and develop my young body. Each time I sparred or fought, I tried to be as graceful and lethal as possible, to be only an inch closer to the ideal the Lord must have been himself. Elrond, who fought in great battles, led the army to war. At night I imagined that it was his wide hand sliding down my chest instead of my own, I yearned for his soft lips on mine. I trashed in the bedsheets fruitlessly, feeling empty and raw, abandoned and sad like a large piece of ground full of fertile, black soil; maybe he still waited? Maybe it can be someone else to make him happy again, after life full of compassion and sacrifice? Maybe I could serve him, maybe I would gladden him, maybe something could grow on this ground…? Can one fall in love from the first sight…? Is it possible, at all? Isn't it a