Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter series in its print, e-book, audio book, or film versions. The Harry Potter series belongs to its respective author (J.K. Rowling), publishing company (Scholastic and its divisions), and film company (Warner Bros.). I am not making any monetary or other equivalent profit from this. Everything that is not recognizable as belonging to the aforementioned is mine, please respect that. Source: the base of this story is drawn from this text- Rowling, J K, and Mary GrandPré. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. 1998. Print. and this film- Heyman, David, Steven Kloves, Chris Columbus, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, John Cleese, Robbie Coltrane, Richard Griffiths, Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, Fiona Shaw, Julie Walters, John Seale, Richard Francis-Bruce, John Williams, Mark Radcliffe, Michael Barnathan, Duncan Henderson, and J K. Rowling. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. Burbank, Calif: Warner Home Video, 2002. Summary: AU. Harry Potter is not the Boy-Who-Lived, but his life isn't dull. The Potter Family has big problems; Voldemort and his cronies keep attacking his friend Neville, the Boy-Who-Lived; his other friendships are often troubled, and his schoolwork and other studies are difficult. Not to mention that he has Gryffindor Quidditch at school and International Youth Quidditch Camp in the summer. Yeah, Harry's life is never dull. Oh, and he might have discovered a cult in Hogwarts. A/N: A Few Important Notes- - This is an Alternate Universe story wherein Neville is the Boy-Who-Lived instead of Harry, and Harry's parents are alive. As such, you can expect characters to behave differently than they would canonically, because of their different positions in life. - This story will start with Harry's first year at Hogwarts and continue throughout the rest of his school career, possibly including 'eighth' year. (Yeah, I've got that much planned. lol) - Lily is not a good person in this story, but there is an explanation for this that will come later in the story or series. (Sorry Lily lovers) - Eventually there will be slash (male x male) pairings/couples in this series. However, this won't occur until the characters are older. The main pairing will eventually be Drarry (Harry x Draco / Draco x Harry), but Draco has to change and grow a bit first. Harry might date other guys before Draco too. Draco will always have a presence in the story though. - I doubt the rating will ever go past T , but if it does I will change the rating accordingly and inform the readers. - Thanks for checking out my story! I hope you enjoy it! - Special Thanks to my dear friend MissMintCoffeeMocha for checking over this chapter :) The Curator Chronicles: Year I – Cracking the Pot By: HowlingRain Chapter 1: A Diagonal Path Settled on a gently rolling hill sat Potter Manor. The manor house was not especially large by manor standards. It did not have a ballroom, receiving rooms, a formal parlor, solarium, or other such excesses. That is not to say that the manor was more akin to a simple home, but when compared to other manor houses, Potter Manor was decidedly cozy. Warm colors of wood and fieldstone dominated the interior. The furniture was large and comfortable. It was still an impressive home, but by no means was it extraordinary in its assets. Curled up in one of the large, brown, leather chairs in the library was one of those less-than-extraordinary assets. A smaller than average boy with untamable, jet-black hair and round-lensed spectacles carefully turned the pages of a book filled with images of dragons. None of the images moved, and only about half of them were done in color, but that didn't matter to the Potter heir. He gave each page his full and undivided attention, eyes of emerald green riveted to the artist's brush, pen, and pencil strokes with a longing desire to see them in their original form. It was probably his seventh time perusing it since Remus had sent it to him on his birthday, but his fascination with it had yet to dull. When he reached the end of the short book almost five hours after he started it, the young Potter caressed the cover and sighed. He wanted to create images as beautiful as Rin Asita, but she was an extraordinary artist, and he was just Harry. With that thought in mind, Harry put the book away amongst the section of shelves designated for art books with care before looking to the library's intricately carved grandfather clock. It was nearly noon. Harry frowned. His mother was supposed to take him to Diagon Alley today to get his school supplies. Not that he really needed her to go with him, but she'd told James that they'd be leaving this morning. It was possible she could suddenly show up, and they would floo to the Alley in the last few minutes before noon, but it was more likely that she'd completely forgotten after getting a letter from one of her many friends. It wouldn't be the first time. "Pips!" Harry called. With a soft crack, a young house elf with big ears and liquid brown eyes appeared wearing a chocolate-brown robe with close-fitting sleeves that bore the Potter crest. "Yous being calling Pips, young Master?" "Yes, is Mother home?" Harry asked politely. "No, young Master. Mistress Lily is being away visiting Mister Leopold," Pips replied evenly. Harry thought for a moment. As far as he could see he had two options. He could go to Diagon Alley himself, or he could stay here and wait for his mother. Lily could be gone anywhere from a few hours to all afternoon though, and he really wanted to get his school stuff. Besides, she probably didn't really want to take him shopping anyway, and if he went by himself he could look at a lot more things. Harry smiled. He would save them both a lot of trouble if he went on his own. Lily wouldn't even be surprised, just glad she didn't have to take him. He'd just have to make sure he got home before his dad did. Decision made, Harry asked Pips to ready the floo, which really only involved getting the floo powder down from the floo-room fireplace's tall mantle for him since he couldn't reach, while he changed his clothes to something more suitable for shopping in wizarding London than his everyday trousers and tunic. •••••••• Harry ended up eating a sandwich for lunch first at the insistence of Pips' mother-elf Romy, then floo'ed into the Leaky Cauldron and sneezed the moment he stepped out of the fireplace. Floo powder always seemed to make him sneeze. Even when he managed not to breathe any in it tickled his nose. He couldn't explain why it happened, just that it always did and that is caused his mother's displeasure and godfather and sort-of-just-as-well-as godfather's amusement. It was also how Tom the Barkeep always knew when he arrived. "Good afternoon, Mr. Potter," Tom greeted him pleasantly from the bar, but with a touch of surprise and relief to his voice. "Need to get into the Alley today?" "Yes, sir," Harry replied. He smiled up at Tom as he dusted his robes off as best he could. "I'm going to get my Hogwarts supplies!" "Oh, Mr. Quirrell here'll be one of your professors then," Tom said, coming around the bar and gesturing toward a man wearing a plum-colored turban who sat perched on the edge of a barstool. "Really?" Harry directed towards Tom, and then turned to the turban-wearing man. "Hello, Professor." "H-hello, M-mr. P-P-Potter," Professor Quirrell said. He smiled and nodded awkwardly before standing in preparation to leave. "I-I'll be s-seeing you at sc-school then, I s-suppose." Harry nodded, confused at the professor's stutter, and Quirrell continued nodding before moving to walk past them. "I-I'd best be g-going. M-much to d-do before c-classes s-start, you know." Quirrell walked past them, and Harry suddenly caught a whiff of garlic and some other smell and thought he understood why Tom had looked relieved when he arrived. "Too bad, that stutter of his," Tom said once Quirrell was gone, "I think he was attacked by a vampire somewhere in Romania. Frightened his tongue into tangles. And the garlic! Anyway, shopping, eh? Are your mother and father meeting you?" "No, Mother's with a friend today, and Dad's at work," Harry said. A slightly strained quality seemed to come to Tom's face, but before Harry could ask if he was all right or if the garlic fumes had gotten to him, Tom was turning around. "Really? Well then, I'll let you right in." Harry blinked in surprise, then followed Tom back to the disguised passageway and paid close attention as Tom tapped his wand against the bricks in a special sequence. Harry cheered internally when he remembered the pattern correctly and the bricks formed the passage to the Alley. Forgetting all about the tightness to Tom's expression, Harry cheerfully thanked Tom and took off down the passage and into the Alley. The sights and sounds that embraced Harry the moment he stepped in the Alley sent a trill of excitement through him. Diagon Alley was always so active and energetic compared to Potter Manor. The bustling businesses and many people around had scared him the first few times he'd been there, but now he felt enlivened by the activity. Add to that his excitement at finally getting a wand, the official right of passage and acceptance to the wizarding community, and he was left wanting to run and cheer his way down the Alley and see everything there was to see. That wouldn't be appropriate though, so Harry settled for walking with quick steps and a bright smile. He only had a few galleons of his own with him, so Harry knew his first stop would have to be at Gringotts, where he knew he had a trust vault that was supposed to become available to him the moment his schooling years started. His dad had even given him the key to it for his birthday. The goblins standing guard in front of the white marble bank looked fearsome in their red-enameled armor. If Harry remembered his lessons with Professor Mercier correctly, red was the color of the Metalweaver clan, the clan that King Ragnuk the First, the maker of Gryffindor's sword, came from. They were also the clan that distrusted wizards the most. After seeing them, Harry decided to be extra polite today. Walking into Gringotts' lobby, Harry was greeted to the sight of high ceilings and tall teller's desks with goblins of all stripes focused on their work, some of them looking intently at jewels while others fussed with papers and stacks of coins. On each of the goblins' persons Harry could find a splash of color announcing which clan each goblin belonged to. As with the guards, today's most prominent color was red. Harry went up to the teller and waited. This goblin was also wearing red, and when it looked down to him with a look that clearly said, 'state your business', Harry quickly rattled off his greeting. "H-hello, I'd like to access my vault, please." "Name and key?" the goblin asked in a slow drawl. "Harry Potter, sir," Harry said and pulled out his key and the goblin floated it up for inspection with a wave of his hand. After a short moment, the goblin glanced down at him and said, "It seems all is in order, Mr. Potter. Griphook will take you to your vault." The goblin floated the key back down to Harry, and Harry marveled once again at how goblins could do magic without wands before remembering his manners. "Thank you, and may your enemies tremble in fear." The goblin blinked in surprise before replying, "And may your vaults overflow." Harry grinned to himself at getting his formalities right, then turned to Griphook and prepared himself for