Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or anything associated with the movies or books. Chapter One. Venice, Italy, 2130. "Lap dance for the sexy lady?" A sultry voice dripped into the perfect shell of Alexia's delicate ear. How many similar suggestive offers had been made since she had taken up residence inside the lavish VIP section of Dame DeWynter's latest club, that was exclusive to the Supernatural, in Venice just ten minutes ago?. She had lost count but each offer was met with the same response. Alexia, Head of House Thánatos, Prima of the Sicarri, tilted her silvery blonde head to find a buxom blonde water Nymph lingering beside her plush chair. The other female's delicate hands rested on curvy hips, cradled by a tight black G-string. There was easily five grand in large and small bills stuffed into the waistband and crotch of the tiny pair of panties with more cash poking out the top of the stripper's leather thigh-highs. A slow smirk, brimming with easy confidence, began to play at the right corner of Alexia's flawlessly sculpted mouth as her Soulless eyes, the colour of dark obsidian slid upward over the Nymph's flat stomach and curvaceous hips to the full creamy mounds of the other blonde's bare breasts like a caressing hand. The Nymph's pale pink nipples were pierced with small gold rings. The stripper's breathing hitched, her chest rising and falling quicker and quicker, the turgid tips of her pierced tits tightening under the Sicarri Prima's intense gaze. Goosebumps visibly spread across every inch of the stripper's delectably voluptuous body. Alexia's arrogant smirk widened as the Nymph trembled before her. The Club was a pool of arousals emitting from the hundreds of patrons filling the building, so thick on the air a human would be able to smell it, but the heady scent of the Nymph's desire was particularly noticeable as it drifted into her nose, along with something else. Excitement and fear were a potent combination that always appealed to her dark nature. The blended aromas called out to her, promptly rousing shadows of her interest but failing to stir anything significant. She almost sighed. Even if she had been capable of becoming aroused for anyone who wasn't her, the Nymph was too delicate for her tastes. Amongst all her people, Alexia had the strongest appetites. Alexia was a Hunter without peer, the most voracious and addictive lover and she was the most dominant Sicarri . It was in her nature to seek out a partner strong enough to withstand her instinctive need to dominant sexually, to claim, to fuck with wild abandon. Even upon the skin of her immortal lovers, no matter how adept their healing abilities were, regardless of their strength, she always left marks that lasted for weeks and she created euphorically agonising memories. In terms of physical strength there was nothing remarkable about Nymphs, Alexia knew, their kind were barely stronger than a particularly athletic human. If she were to going to fuck the stripper, she would endure the entire encounter restraining herself, never truly losing herself in the act, or she would end up killing the other female. She would accidentally nick an artery with her fangs when she bit. Crush fragile bones when she gripped too hard. She was perfectly capable of controlling herself, but after so many years celibate with so much pent up lust and frustration boiling just beneath her skin... When I get my hands on you, Ashley, I'm going to keep you under me for days. Alexia tilted her head, a graceful, birdlike motion, "Not this time sweetness" The Water Nymph shivered, her eyes fluttering closed in response to the whisky-smooth timbre of Sicarri Prima's voice. Alexia's predatory smirk adopted an edge as she watched the other blonde try, in vain, to stifle a whimper of longing. "Pity...for me..." The Nymph sighed despondently, chewing on her plump lower lip, glistening with a coat of clear lip gloss "...If you change your mind though, I'll be over at the bar. With a beautiful face like yours, I might just do you for free, all night long" The other female smiled alluringly before she turned on her six inch stiletto heel and strutted off to the VIP section's private bar at the far end of the plush lounge, earning herself more than a few appreciative glances from the other patrons. Alone again, Alexia's smirk turned bitter. The lounge was located on the mezzanine above the main floor of the club. Large and rectangular shaped, the VIP area was enclosed on one side by a huge water feature that provided a shimmering wall of fast flowing water to obscure prying eyes from the regular patrons below. It was a nice and costly touch, she supposed, DeWynter did so love flashing her cash. Two burly male security guards, clad solely in black, flanked the exit leading out from the VIP area into a comfortable stairwell. The lounge floor was covered from corner to corner by black high-thread count carpeting. Expensive polished mahogany tables, holding chrome steel poles that travelled up vertically until they melded into the twelve foot high, white marble ceiling overhead. Plush leather couches surrounded each squared table. Mounted at strategic points around the club, the rapid flashing of neon purple and green strobe lights provided the only real source of illumination in the entire place, the overall lighting was deliberately kept low to create an intimate atmosphere for the clientèle. Slow heavy bass filled the Club, thrumming potently through high definition speakers mounted high on deeply saturated crimson walls. It was quiet in the VIP section tonight, most of the smarter frequenters had fled when Alexia had arrived for no other reason than they sensed the underlying air of confident lethality surrounding The Sicarri Prima, like the limitless sea surrounds a lone island. Only a handful of wary patrons had remained in the lounge, casting numerous curious and covetous glances her way whenever they thought she wasn't looking. The mere thought was enough to make her scoff at their idiocy. She was an apex predator, vigilantly aware of her surroundings at all times. Upon entering the lounge, she had selected a corner table directly opposite the stairwell, leading back down to the main floor of the club. She had a view of every other patron in the VIP area, and a clear path to the exit. Sheathed from neck-to-toe in formfitting leathers that showcased her warriors body, sleek and powerful like that of a tiger. She wore a tight black leather jacket over an even tighter black silk tank top. Zipped up to just below the well-endowed swells of her breasts, her half-open jacket and the low neck-line of the top underneath displayed a titillating amount of enticing cleavage. The snug leather jacket clung to the lean flare of her hips. Both her jacket and the silk tank top underneath ended two inches above her waistband, baring a teasing hint of her hard, defined abdomen. Alexia always wore her leathers when she was out in the field, it was easy to clean blood off of leather. The inky blackness of her clothing made the pale cascade of her thick glossy mane, secured back from her exquisitely beautiful face in her typical French plait, glimmer like moonlight in the darkest night. Alexia casually drew her wrist-thick braid over one lithe shoulder and leaned back in the plush couch. She kicked up her combat boots onto the edge of the low mahogany table in front of her, stretching out her athletically muscled legs that seemed to go on for days. At six foot four inches, she was a remarkably tall female and her mile-long legs were, naturally, encased by tight butter-smooth leather. She crossed her legs at the ankle, resting her heels on the table's edge, as she waited for Greyella to finish up her 'business' in the VIP section's private bathrooms. Pressing 'business' that involved twin redheaded Sirens and a certain lack of clothing. Alexia smiled in the darkness of the club as she linked her long, slender fingers together behind her head and reclined on the overstuffed couch. She'd taught Greyella well, as she had discovered upon her arrival at DeWynter's club when a pretty female rage demon had politely informed her at the door that the younger Sicarri was 'preoccupied' and that she would be late to their meeting. If it was anyone other than Greyella making her wait, she would have tracked them down and slaughtered them for the insult, or, if she was in a relatively good mood at the time, she would just tear off a few limbs, maybe inflict a little mutilation. No one else would have dared to make her wait. She hadn't raised and trained Grey just to invalidate her time and effort by killing the ballsy little bugger a couple thousands years further down the line, and Greyella knew it. Grey was a brave female, she would be proud of her protégé if the younger female wasn't equal parts brave and foolish. Though she was notorious for her quick and vicious temper, The Sicarri Prima possessed unnatural patience and stillness. It was a lesson all her kind had drilled into them from the time they were born, on the wrong end of a harsh fist. The Goddess Artemis was their Creator and like their venerated Mother hunting was their life. It was a fundamental part of them as a species, and to hunt successfully one had to learn the patience required to track prey, to diligently wait and tirelessly watch for hours, even days, at a time before seizing the perfect opportunity to strike down their mark and to disappear just as effectively. The formal training of a Sicarri began at the tender age of eighteen, younger for the Heir apparent of House Thánatos, for Alexia, and spanned a full century with the ultimate goal of learning to effectively utilize and apply their abilities as well as earning the chance to distinguish themselves as full fledged Hunter-Citizens. The process wasn't dissimilar to the Spartan Agoge but the rite was far more extreme. The mandatory system involved the removal of each child from their family's Household, immediately afterward, they were integrated into small Battalions under the undisputed authority of the stern Sentinels - a prestigious position and occupation in Sicarri society. Sicarri are rigorously trained to master stealth, tracking, cultivating, pain tolerance, endurance and all forms of combat, among other things. Their final test; to kill any target their Sire chooses. Inside their Battalions, the undistinguished younglings are encouraged by the Sentinels to frequently fight amongst themselves to determine the strongest members of the unit. The Victors then claim ownership of their fallen opponents, publicly using them for sex and other forms of physical release that leave the losers utterly degraded and humiliated before their comrades. It was a reward system designed to encourage victory and dissuade defeat. During her instruction, Alexia had never lost a fight, no matter the odds stacked against her, but she had started thousands and even taken ownership of a Sentinel toward the end of her instruction. A feat unheard of before, a feat never again repeated. Failure to make substantial progress in their training by certain milestones was met with severe punishments, even execution should the Lead Sentinel determine that the youngling was unworthy to continue their education. Their training was brutal, designed to ruthlessly weed out the weak and leave only the strong. There was no room for softness in the Realm of Theïkós - The Sicarri's Homeland, a vibrant paradise of mesmerising beauty sculpted for them by the Gods of the Greek Pantheon. Under the gaze of Divine eyes they learned to prize strength above all else. "You're a fucking asshole Grey!" Alexia turned her head in the direction of the club's private bar, on either side there were two polished red oak doors leading into the separate bathrooms. The doorway to the