Hello All, if you're reading this don't get too excited. It's not a new story, just a one-shot for the holidays. I wanted to give my readers something and since it's officially Old Christmas (the day that wraps up the holiday season) there is no time better. This is an Edward and Bella story centered around one of my absolute favorite holiday songs off all time and is actually the name of the story itself. if you know the song you know the plot, but that doesn't mean you won't have the same emotional journey the song gives me when I hear it over and over. So, hope your holidays were well and your new years is even better than the one before. DiNishaRob Charlotte, North Carolina — Christmas Eve "Amazing concert Edward!" Alice—my personal assistant—congratulated handing me a bottle of water the second I got backstage. Rosalie, my long legged publicist pulled herself away from her Blackberry just long enough to agree with her, "Best one on the tour so far." I was panting with a grin a mile wide, the cheers of the crowd keeping me amped. "You've said that for the last three shows Rose, but thanks." I breathed taking the long hallway to my dressing room. I accepted a few more congrats along the way. "Well then you shouldn't out do yourself," She responded simply, her lavender eyes already bright from the reflection of her screen again. I stopped being impressed at her ability to keep from running into things years ago. I often wondered if it was due to the fact she had the super senses of a blind man, but then again; if the wind blew the news that Rosalie Hale was coming, a mountain would move out of her way. "You're topping the trends on Twitter right now." "So? Trending topics change every twenty minutes." I reminded her as I collapsed into my chair. "I just finished a concert; it only makes sense that—" " No Eddie, you've been a trending topic all day." She clarified showing me her phone, it was a media report reserved for people just like her, the spikes, graphs, and percentages would bring down my after show high if I took the time to care or understand them, so I just had to take her word for it. Alice was handing me my cell phone before I could ask for it, already knowing that I'd want a normal view of what she was talking about. "Here you go Ed." I'd swear the girl was psychic sometimes. "Thanks." Before I could pull the app up, Alice was back to being a pale blur around the room, instructing the makeup artist to be on standby for removal, while she packed up the personal things I never traveled without. There were thousands of Twitpics, tweets, and DMs from fans not just in Charlotte but nationwide. My name with a hash-tag brought up more results than I could count, and even though I knew each personal hit meant more publicity and revenue all I saw was the love of fans. Thanks for all of the love NC. Happy Holidays Though Rose had offered a million times, telling me that most celebrities let someone else handle their accounts, I refused to let anyone handle my social media interactions other than myself. "The heart at the end was a nice touch," Rosalie approved, of course instantly alerted that I'd posted. An artist was scrubbing away at my face so I was forced to find her in the mirror. "I didn't do it for kudos." Her eyes found mine in the reflection, an amused smile playing on her lips, "I know, that's what makes it cute." Then she turned to Alice almost instantly, "Alice we need to make sure our calendars are synced before we separate for Christmas, heaven forbid we miss something between now and Richmond." She stopped her zipping around long enough to answer, "Alright, let me get my phone." The second she picked it up, it started vibrating. "It's for you Ed, Aro." She apologized handing me the phone with a grimace. She knew that I was hoping to make the next few moves without hearing from him. I gave her smile and took the phone letting her go back to her bouncing from one side of the room to the other making sure everything was absolutely perfect since her phone was occupied. The tiny obsessive compulsive hired by my mother had been a God send. "Hey Aro," I answered. "Eddie boy!" My long time manager boomed, "How was the show?" "It went amazing, but then again you'd know if you where here." I reminded keeping my tone pleasant. Rose was already scowling at the mention of his name. Aro used to tour with me when I first started, but when Rose joined on four years ago and neither one of them saw eye to eye he decided it'd be safer for him to manage and negotiate from the Chicago office, and keep their paths from crossing unless absolutely necessary. They were both territorial, but she had a little more bite. "Yeah, well theses deals and endorsements aren't going to come along on their own." He laughed, and it was loud enough for Rose to roll her eyes. "Speaking of deals, what would you say to me adding a few more stops on your tour?" I tried to keep my voice blank, "Depends on what those stops entailed." "Nothing big, I'm not talking extra shows here—well maybe extend two days past New Years since you'll be in New York anyway, but that's neither here nor there. Rolling Stone wants to squeeze in a photo shoot and interview before Richmond." "But I get a two day break before Richmond, it's Christmas." "It's Rolling Stone . And we won't need you in D.C. until 26th, which means you'll have Christmas to yourself." I didn't want Christmas to myself; I didn't want to spend the holidays in a hotel room. I wanted to spend it with my Mom and Dad—something I hadn't done the past three years. "But—" "Give me that," Rose demanded, taking the phone from me not really giving me much of a choice. I didn't even notice she'd moved close enough. "Marcus, what are you doing?" She listened to him rattle and gave me a narrowed eyed glare I knew wasn't for me. "I'm his publicist , so I'll handle his publicity. Reschedule the interview with Rolling Stone for after the tour, or if they'd like they can send a representative to us after the tour has restarted….He already has an engagement…" My eyes shot up, glad that Marcus wasn't there because I would have given us both away. "I don't have to run it by you because I'm his publicist... You've got to reschedule it because you were stupid enough to try and do my job behind my back, I don't care how it makes you look…. Well I hope it humbles you…..So help me I will come to Chicago myself if you—Good—then Merry Christmas." Satisfied with their clipped discussion she handed the phone back to Alice. "You're all set for your break; we'll see you in Richmond on the 27th." "Thanks for lying for me, I owe you one." I breathed gratefully. "Oh don't worry Edward I plan on cashing in, the celebrity auction you refused to do last year; I'm signing you up." Her smirk was so sinister, I almost wanted to call Aro back and tell him I'd do the Rolling Stone interview, and then I thought of my parents fussing over the house, anxiously awaiting me home for Christmas. "Fine, I'll do it." "With no fuss," She conditioned, continuing to pack up her own things. The door swung open—the sound of the fans pouring into the soundproofed dressing room—my friend and long time body guard letting himself in, "Yo, we moving out soon or what!?" "Can you be any louder?" Alice snapped, mostly embarrassed that he scared her. Emmett just grinned at her, "Scared you didn't I?" "Don't antagonize her," Rosalie warned with a scowl of her own. That didn't really faze him either, "It's hard not to when she's all cute and tiny." "The perfect height to punch you directly in the balls," She countered handing him her small overnight bag. For an instant he paled, gulped, and then was back to his normal self. "Noted," He agreed taking the bag from Rose in exchange for a kiss. "Hey Ed, you ready for Operation Liberation?" "Good title," I chuckled standing to swing my bag over my shoulder. Alice sucked her teeth and stood in front of me, "He just chose the words because they rhymed, there's nothing clever about it." "I thought about that name for ten minutes," Emmett corrected offended, "Had to use a thesaurus and everything." "Oh your plight," Alice pretended to sympathize while she touched her phone with my own to sync data. "All you have to do is get him out of the amphitheater; I have to coordinate travel, requisition a vehicle, and foresee all possibilities of it going wrong and Aro having all of our asses." "Which is why I love you dearly," I reminded her without hesitation before she had the time to change her mind and abort mission. Her cheeks blushed pink, but her scowl didn't fully disappear. "Stop trying to charm me and listen up. You're set to leave out of Charlotte Douglas at two-thirteen, that's going to give you quite a bit of down time but you can't hang around at the airport. The longer you're there the more likely someone's going to notice and you'll be swamped and never make it home." "Not to mention, I'll have to explain to Aro why you're at an airport when you're supposed to be on a tour bus heading north." Rose added for good measure. She was right. With celebrities being caught in mischief left and right the big wigs that represented my endorsements tightened my contractual duties while on tour, even during the rare breaks I got between cities, I wasn't aloud to go anywhere that hadn't been previously planned and approved before my tour started. Emmett and the others were doing me a favor sneaking me away for forty-eight hours to go home for Christmas. The least I could do is not get them burned for it. "So find a dark place to hole up for the next," I looked down at my watch, "three or four hours, got it." "Your car is parked in the employee side lot," Alice continued seamlessly, handing me the key. "I've already arraigned for it to be picked up in the overnight lot at the airport. Your plane lands in Boston at four-twenty Christmas morning. You'll have a full day before you have to take a three am flight from BOS to RIC." Rose took over, "That's where the hard part comes in. You'll have to be and at it by seven for sound checks, autographing signing, and a short interview before your show. You'll have no time for rest, and I'm sorry we couldn't give you more time, but I'm going to need you at one hundred percent." "And I will be," I promised, grateful that they were pulling the strings for me. I'd take an adrenaline shot—which I always refused— if it meant not letting them down. "Thanks for this, I meant it. I love you guys." Emmett shifted awkwardly on his feet, never really feelings comfortable with emotional moments. "Yeah, well, thank us after it works." Rosalie dialed a number and rattled off a very direct command, "Send in Riley." The guy that entered was about my height, and build, and was wearing the same black tracksuit as me, but other than that looked nothing like me. I really hoped he wasn't hoping to pass as my double. "This is your double." Alice informed confirming my fears. "You'll