Hello all, yes you aren't reading wrong. This is a new twilight fanfic. Now, I know I said I would take a break but this story line was stuck in my head. This will be written more along the lines of MY writing style, as opposed to trying to stick to the Twilight fashion like I did with the continuation fan fics. the characters are only true in name and appearance.( I believe bella can have a backbone, and alice emmett can be the calm.. things likr that) There will be sexy parts, and no not the vague ones like Facing dusk or Lunar Adversaries, so if you arent prepared... Anywho let me know what you think ive only done the first two chapters so far. Chapter 1- Helping a Friend "Bella!" A high pitch squeal called from the throngs of people boarding and un-boarding flights at Logan International. I hated this airport and avoided it whenever possible. I much more preferred the little to non-existent crowds of Worcester Regional to the massive hysteria of this place; even if I had to pay a little extra. But due to the terrible thunderstorms in the area—and Worcester's limited flight options—I was forced to adjust my itinerary if I had any hopes of making it to Boston before the weekend. Being in airports for the past twenty hours with two layovers and the headaches of redirecting my flights had been a nightmare—but when that tiny four-foot ten-inch frame poked through the others and I saw those bubbly grey eyes none of the airport stuff seemed to matter anymore. "Alice!" I breathed in relief wrapping my arms around her forgetting all my troubles back home and on the way, "It's so good to see you." "I know, it's been forever . I haven't seen you in person since graduation. God, I've missed you." — We had met our sophomore year at Champlain College. We were two of the fifteen students lucky enough to snag a room at the Carriage House just off campus. Our personalities were polar opposites— with her wild outgoing demeanor and my calm more focused reserve I thought we we'd be in for a long year. But much to my surprise—and delight— I warmed to her right away (like everyone to) and we had quite a bit in common. Though our majors were different—mine being Management and Innovation, her choice being International Business— we'd both come to Champlain for the exact same reason. We both minored in Event Management and this college in the small town of Burlington, Vermont was the best place to go in all fifty states. The three years flew by and last June we graduated, sending us both to opposite sides of the country to take the coasts by storm one glamorous event at a time. Though communication wasn't nearly as frequent due to the high demands my job required of me; we made it work. — Now here we are, both pleased and in no way surprised that the energy between us felt like no time had passed at all. " Thank you for coming! " She shrieked again, locking her arms around my torso and squeezing for dear life. "You have no idea how much I needed you." If I had to base it on the grip of her hug, the need was dire indeed. I wanted to answer her, but her tiny arms were cutting off my air supply. Luckily, a deep voice chuckled behind me, "I've got this Bella." I couldn't see him but I felt his strong hands make quick work of unlocking his sister's arms, despite her fuss. "Geeze, let her breathe Allie." Not that I got a chance too, because the very second I was free, I spun around to hug the six foot five, heavily muscled teddy bear that was her brother, and his hugs always left me winded. "It's good to see you, Em." I grunted when he squeezed me hard and straightened out leaving my feet missing the ground. He sat me down with a chuckle, "It's good to see you too. This your bag?" He pointed at the luggage on wheels next to me. I nodded, "It's okay, I'm just going to roll it; it's a little—" He grabbed it and held it at his side like it weighed ten pounds. " Heavy ." Emmett rolled his eyes, giving me a smirk that made his dimples even more pronounced. "You insult me Bella—" A random passenger reached over me to grab is luggage from the carousel, almost hitting me in the face with it in the process. I staggered back almost knocking Alice over. "Watch it asshole!" Alice snapped after him, not that he paid her any attention, already disappearing through the crowd. " Hey !" she called starting to go after him. I threw an arm around her neck to stop her, genuinely laughing at the thought of her taking on anyone his size. God I missed her. "What do you say we get out of here before she goes twelve rounds with the next person that decides not to pack their manners?" "Good idea." Emmett grunted pushing through the travelers, leading a way to the exit—any exit. Once my bag was loaded into the trunk Alice slid in the backseat with me, leaving poor Emmett to play chauffer. The airport wasn't far from their parents' house in Beacon Hill, but the massive amount of traffic this time of day was going to give us loads of time to catch up. I decided Emmett would be the easiest to start with. "How's Rosalie Em?" He caught my eyes in the rearview mirror his smile flashing ten miles wide. "Rose is good. Work has her stuck in New York for another day, but she's going to meet us in Cape Cod before the wedding." I had met Rosalie when she showed up with Emmett to pick Alice up to travel homes for the holidays our junior year. Alice was already introducing her as her 'sister' even though they'd only been dating for a few months at the time. She was…intimidating at first sight, but once you got to know her—and she liked you enough to let you—you loved her. I was glad to hear they got married that summer before senior year and was bummed that my internship kept me from attending. "How's married life treating you?" I teased at his blush. He shrugged, trying to play it cool, but his excitement was so palpable that it was almost another passenger in the car. "It's pretty cool…" Alice rolled her eyes, "Pretty disgusting if you ask me. They're still in that 'sex all the time' newlywed phase. I thought that went away after the first year." I laughed and she rushed to her defense, "I'm telling you Bella, there are some things a sister just shouldn't see." "Maybe if you didn't just let yourself into people's houses you wouldn't." He chuckled without apology finding my blush amusing. My face was no doubt thirty shades of red. "Gah!" Alice scoffed giving up, " Anyway , Bella, how's that boyfriend of yours?" My smile fell. "Jacob's fine." "Trouble in paradise?" Emmett asked checking me in the rearview again, his eyes concerned. "Want to talk about it?" Alice's head whipped up to the front and she snapped on him, "You pay attention to the road Emmett Cullen, this is girl talk." Emmett grumbled something neither of us heard, but Alice ignored it turning back on me, "Spill." I felt my face get hot, I didn't want to make this trip about me or my life in San Francisco. This was meant to be an escape, so I decided to keep it simple. "We had a fight before I left." Alice cocked an eyebrow, forcing me to elaborate. "He wanted to come with me." "Why didn't you bring him?" Emmett wondered aloud turning his head to face us since traffic was at a complete standstill. Alice reached up and flicked his forearms with a loud pop, "Ow! Damn it Alice that shit stings." "I said stay out of it." She repeated. He faced the front again, rubbing the pink welt that was forming. "I was just trying to help." He defended. I wanted to laugh, but the longer they bickered the longer the focus wasn't on me. "I've got it covered. When we need something heavy moved or we need to design a house, we call you. When the topic is boys and relationships, that's me ." She clarified. "She's my friend too," he reminded, almost sounding like a seven year old. "Right Bella?" I nodded without hesitation, in all of the years I'd known him, I'd definitely considered us at least that, if not more like family. " See ." Alice gave me a sympathetic look, giving me a reassuring pat on my hand like I was preciously confused, "No, she's my friend. You met her through me. She only tolerates you because you're my older brother. Besides, you're twenty-eight, you shouldn't be having girl talk with twenty-two year old girls anyway." Emmett's eyes narrowed on her in the rear view, "Maybe I'm just looking to fill a 'little sister' vacancy since the one I have is annoying." I couldn't hold in the laugh after that, and it felt so good—I needed this trip. Unfortunately it brought attention back on me, "Stop distracting us—now. Why didn't you invite him?" Em mumbled a 'that's what I asked', but I didn't bring attention to it, instead choosing to answer them both. "Because this isn't purely pleasure trip. I'll be helping Alice, and we're going to be busy up into the wedding day. And the day of, I'm going to be even busier." I explained logically. Alice nodded, "Sounds like a good reason. But you know we would have found a way to entertain him if he came." I shook my head, "That's not the point. I travel a lot already, with work and it's only going to increase when I go into business for myself. If we're going to be a couple he has to be able to handle me making trips solo without him accusing me of cheating." "He accused you of cheating? !" Alice and Emmett gasped at the same time. I nodded, "Crazy right?" "Anyone that knows you knows you don't have a dishonest bone in your body," Alice shook her head. "So he'll be cooling off over the next four days," I dismissed getting mad all over again. "I'm sorry asking for your help made you and Jacob fight…" Alice apologized, and I could tell she honestly felt bad. I didn't want to ruin the car ride more by explaining that it was Jake's insecurities that caused our fights and not my need to travel. This argument was actually becoming routine. He'd accuse me of cheating, I'd tell him he was crazy, we'd argue, I'd leave for my trip and ignore any attempts he made at contacting me for the duration too mad to talk to him. Then I'd return home, he'd come over and apologize with grand words and I'd forgive him. "Trust me, it's not you at all," I promised trying to shake off my anger. Emmett shook his head, "Sounds like an insecure wimp if you ask me. You deserve better than that. I suggest you cut him loose, cut your losses, and move on." That's what I loved about Emmett, where Alice had the ability to make me feel good, Em had the gift to make me see the un-sugarcoated reality. He never told me the truth in a mean way, but out of love. He was right, the emotional ups and downs were taxing at the very least and despite all of our talks the results were always the same. "Honestly, if things don't change soon, I'll be doing just that." "Good," Alice nodded in agreement. "Thanks for coming again…I really