Warning : This story contains mentions of stereotyping, suicide, alcoholism, homophobia, graphic sex, graphic language, non-con, graphic violence, and incest. None of the views on any of the topics expressed in this story reflect my own. Please read at your own risk. Chapter 1 Bella POV (BPOV) Snip. Snip. The pieces of the photograph fell to my feet in a scattered, messy pile on the carpet along with all the others. Snippets of blues, greens, purples, blacks, and the palest of creams lay in a circle around the spot where I was sitting, most falling off my bed and to the ground. Snip. Snip. Snip. And with a final cut, the picture in my hand was completely mutilated, the characters inside a hundred percent unrecognizable. Discarding the remnants of the one in my hand, I reached down into the old shoebox to pull out another, ripping it out of the masses of other photos. I seized the scissors once more and immediately began attacking the small paper print of the two happy, smiling people. Snip. Snip. More of my anger was cut away with the picture, but it seemed as if my body had an unlimited supply of the red hot emotion, and the more I snipped away, the angrier I got. I had been cutting up my old memories for at least an hour and I only felt the urge to destroy more. I was about to sink the metal fangs into the freshly picked picture, when I stopped to remember the particularly happy memory that lived in it. I was young, nearly six years old, holding a pansy between my chubby fists and blushing wildly, my free hand suppressing my giggles as I watched the tanned boy who had recently handed the flower to me blush as well. He was two years older than I was, only eight, but even then, at such a young age, we had crushes on each other, and I never thought they would end. The memory didn't calm me down in the least; in fact, it made me more enraged. I brutally attacked the object with the sharp blades until it was confetti, scattering it above my head and watching it rain down. After the pieces landed, I got the most unsatisfying taste in my mouth, like I had swallowed lead. Scowling, I threw myself against my bed, the box spilling old memories across the carpet with a soft thud. I let out a frustrated groan, totally fed up with my inability to release my anger at him. I mean, I knew the breakup wasn't his fault; I knew he didn't have a say on his sexual orientation, but even though I saw it coming, it didn't hurt any less. Jacob and I had known each other since I could remember. Growing up in Forks, Washington, it was hard for us not to know each other in a place where everyone knew everyone. We were childhood friends, our dads being friends before us, and after my mom's accident and his mom's suicide, our two families grew closer. We were like childhood sweethearts, adjoined at the hip since the time we could talk, and over the years, we grew closer and closer. Everyone always taunted and teased that we would get married, have kids, and all through school we denied it, but the blush on our cheeks were obvious. I would never have admitted it to him at the time, but I had truly grown to love him. After all, he was my closest friend and confidant, the only one who I could talk to about my mom. So, it was of great relief when he told me he loved me and wanted to go out with me in my ninth – his tenth – grade year. I, being completely elated but not at all shocked, accepted his offer, and for the next few years, we were inseparable and completely in love, or at least I thought so. In the beginning of junior year, right after my sixteenth birthday and a month after we'd done it for the first time, Jacob started acting weird. We went from being practically the same person to strangers overnight, and the shift shocked me. While the emotional change was instantaneous, the public one was more gradual. He slowly stopped eating lunch with me, he didn't carry my books anymore after a while, and then he even stopped holding my hand. I was about to ask him what his deal was, when he shocked me with the undeniable truth that I myself had been denying for a while. I was eating lunch with my friends, most of whom were nervously watching me for any news on my deteriorating relationship, when Jacob came sauntering in, his golden tanned skin glowing even under the artificial lighting of Forks High. Even on his worst day he was too beautiful for this drab town, and I was shocked how this man, whom I had known since we were little, had grown into something so beautiful, someone with perfectly toned muscles and a tasteful sense of men's fashion and flawless skin. I was wondering why he ever even chose me. He walked right up to me and my circle table of friends, right in the center of the cafeteria, the perfect place to put on his show. I sat up straight and my friends, especially Jessica, tried to look busy and not shoot me glances of worry. He looked tense, like he wanted to tell me something, but he wasn't talking and neither was the small group of his fellow football players. In fact, they looked nervous to be anywhere near me, like a bomb might go off at any moment. "Bella, we need to talk." he said in a smooth, even tone though his eyes never left the table. "What is it Jacob?" I ask, my voice struggling to stay calm. "Can we go somewhere more private?" "Why? So you can break up with me somewhere more private?" I ask with venom, my voice elevating, raising some heads in our direction. "No! Bella, we really need to discuss things, things that are better discussed in private." "Oh, so you want to spare me the humiliation of being dumped in public? How generous." "You are taking this way out of proportion!" "Oh am I?" I yell, standing up from the table to face him better. At this point, the entire cafeteria is looking at us, standing right in the middle of the room acting like this was a showdown, and it was. Everyone is silent. "I am out of proportion? I wasn't the one who left me hanging in the wind all the sudden! I mean, what the hell is your problem Jake, trying to give me whiplash or something?" "No! That's not at all what I meant to do-!" "Then what is it Jake? What the hell is going on?" "Goddamn it Bella! You want the truth? Fine! I'm gay!" It took me a minute to register what he was saying, what he was finally admitting to. The impact of his words was like a punch to the gut; I could literally have keeled over and died of embarrassment and shock right then and there. The entire lunchroom was dead silent, eyes wide and breathing silently, which wasn't helping. All eyes were on us, even my friends who were supposed to help me were left speechless, and they all awaited my response. I didn't have any. Because the truth was, in my heart of hearts, I knew he was gay; I had known for a long while. I guess my suspicions were always there. The way he dressed, the way he carried himself and how he spoke with such emotion were unlike any other guy I had ever come in contact with. He was always more sensitive and temperamental than his friends, and he knew fashion like no one's business; it was always scary when he showed up to school looking better than I did, but at the time, I just shoved those thoughts back into my mind as being part of who he was. The ideas really started to kick in after we had sex for the first time. He never seemed very comfortable during, and when it came time to actually go through with the action, he pulled away and took my ass instead. In the times we came together afterwards, it was always anal and he made a very clear point of staying away from that spot between my legs that he seemed to have a strong aversion to, as if my vagina was radioactive. He rarely touched me at all, trying to get it over with. I knew I shouldn't have tried to get him to sleep with me again after the first awkward time, but I needed him because I loved him. I wanted him to be my first, and I guess in a way he was, if fucking my ass doggy-style counted as taking my virginity. After the failed attempts at sex, I watched him pull away and draw closer to other guys, not his usual group of friends, but a group of guys whom the school had classified as loners. In the back of my mind, I knew it was a coalition of homosexuals trying to hide out of sight until high school was over, but I never much focused on them unless I caught Jake ogling them, which he did a few times during our relationship. If that wasn't a sign, I didn't know what was. So, when it came down to giving a response, to satisfy the hungry eyes that probably already knew about Jake and awaited a showdown, I had nothing mean to say. I had no venom; I had no tears or spite. I was shocked, shocked and strangely relieved. "I-I know Jake." I was finally able to pull out, ending the longest period of silence in my entire life. "What?" His voice went dead serious, his pupils dilating. "I've had my suspicions for a while now...I guess I'm not a hundred percent shocked." "You've known?" "Yeah..." Another silence filled the room, and it was as if the only two people who existed were Jacob and I, standing across from each other right in the center of the cafeteria. The perfect stage for this twisted play. "So, where does that leave us?" he asked nervously, running his hands through his perfectly messy coif. "I don't know Jake. I mean, I'm not mad at you per say; it's not your decision who or what you like. How could I be mad at that? I mean, I'd have to be a pretty big bitch..." "So, would you like to try being friends?" "Jake, I think that I just need some space now, ya know, and-" I was cut off by the double doors slamming up against the white concrete walls, and I was sure that it was the principal coming in to check up on the debacle that had most likely already spread through all four corners of the building. But, instead of the principal, I was greeted by a startlingly gorgeous guy with silky auburn hair and golden eyes, his body just as chiseled, strong, and flawless as Jacob's, stride over to us quickly. At first, I thought he was coming for me, the way his eyes seductively moved over my body, but was quickly brushed aside as the man cried "Jacob!" and kissed him soundly on the lips. I was frozen once more as I watched them shove their tongues down each other's throats, their embrace hot and steamy and particularly arousing for a reason I could not explain. When they finally separated, out of breath and smiling, the man realized that all eyes were on him and Jacob and immediately he began to blush, Jake's eyes falling to the ground, avoiding mine at all costs. "Oh...Um..." the redhead stammered. Even his