live like you're dying (because you probably are) The girl's shoulders were shaking, trembling beneath the tightening grip of her parents' hands. Dr. Solace began to explain what was going on, and as he got further into the description, the mother shed a tear. Piper's hands moved on their own accord as she passed the tissue box into the quivering hands of the dying girl. Piper's own fingers shook when she retracted her hand, and she avoided the gaze of the patient and her colleague. Piper curled her hands into her mint green scrubs and plastered on a sombre yet somehow still optimistic expression. Piper watched the girl silently. The patient had an expression on her face that was some hybrid between disappointment and nervousness. It made sense; it wasn't every day that people were diagnosed with life-threatening illnesses. It was crushing to see this happen to so many innocent people, often children, but it was the reality of the job. Nursing was a vast field, and when she had entered it, Piper hadn't known which way to go. Originally, she had looked into surgical nursing, or working in the emergency war, but she had found her calling paediatrics. She had been working alongside Dr. Will Solace for three years now, and Piper loved her job. It had its ups and downs, though the crushing diagnoses were always the hardest parts. Dr. Solace stood from his red plastic chair and beckoned for the parents to follow him. Both the mother and father were hesitant to remove their shaking hands from their daughter but eventually went along. They exited the room, leaving Piper alone with the little girl. A sniffle sounded from her patient, and Piper's eyes softened. The little girl was ten years old and had a mess of blonde curls and bright blue eyes. With the treatment that she would soon be receiving, Piper knew that she would lose her pretty hair and her blue eyes would lose their sparkle. She was determined to delay this for as long as possible. "You're Lacy McGrena, right?" Piper asked, crouching to be at eye level with the little girl. "Yeah," she replied softly. "Well, Lacy, my name is Piper. You're probably going to be seeing a lot of me, and I think that we should get to know each other." The blonde girl watched the nurse carefully, and Piper offered her a warm smile. "Don't you already know me? There's a file right there and everything," Lacy pointed out. Piper glanced at the open medical file. "Well, I know your name, your birthday, and why you're here, but it doesn't tell me your favourite colour," Piper said smartly. Lacy cracked a tiny smile. "Pink," she replied. "My favourite colour is pink." "Pink is very nice, but I like purple the best." Piper smiled warmly at the young girl and tapped her lightly on the knee. Lacy grinned a little wider and laughed. She cut off her laughter quickly, though, and her eyes went wide with curiosity. Piper glanced over her shoulder and saw a man looking through the window in the door. He had blonde hair and blue eyes like Lacy's, but they didn't look anything alike besides that. Piper creased her brow and turned back to her newest friend. "Do you know him, sweetie?" She asked. When Lacy shook her head, Piper nodded. "Alright, I'll just be one minute. You wait right here and think of your favourite vacation. I want to hear all about it when I get back. " Lacy smiled again, and Piper stood up. She walked over to the door and slipped outside. The man looked abashed, and his cheeks were a little flushed. Piper out a hand on her hip and raised an eyebrow at him. Before she could ask him a question, he supplied her with an answer. "I'm so sorry for staring! I just got a little lost and thought that, at first, she might be my cousin's little girl. Then I saw you talking to her, and I was curious about what you were saying." He scratched the back of his head nervously. "I'm Jason," he introduced, offering her a hand. Piper nodded slowly, sliding her fingers into his grip. "Piper. Piper McLean." Jason dropped her hand quickly. "Is she alright?" he asked, looking past Piper towards Lacy. Piper sighed. "Most of the kids in this area aren't. She has a brain tumour. The operation is risky, but Dr. Solace is talking to her parents about it now." Jason's gaze dropped to his dress shoes. "I'm sorry. That must be hard on the parents and on yourself." Piper's eyebrow drifted up. "Hard on me?" "These kids," Jason explained, "You talk to them like they're real adults and like they're your friends. You treat them with respect, and you make connections. When they leave, one way or another, it has got to be hard on you." Piper was almost speechless. No one had ever perfectly summed up her feelings about her job so accurately before. Her patients only left two ways, cured or dead, and both results had brought her more than a few tears in the past. Jason's eyes had locked onto hers and he seemed to be waiting for a response. "Well, yes, it is hard," Piper finally got out, "but, you learn to cope with it and keep them positive. A positive day for them is another day they'll spend fighting." "How do you do it?" Piper smiled softly. "It's simple advice really, you just tell them to live like they're dying." "That really works?" Jason was a little surprised, but Piper just turned to look back at Lacy lying on the hospital cot. "It's enough most days," Piper revealed quietly. Jason didn't reply and Piper noticed that he was just studying her face. His blue eyes were sharp and his face was angular. There was an adorable little scar on his lip that she wanted to reach out and brush her fingers against. She didn't, and snapped back into focus. "Sorry. You said you thought that Lacy was the daughter of a friend of yours?" Piper asked. "Maybe I can help you find her." "Yeah, that would be fantastic. Her name is Sarah. Her parents are Percy and Annabeth Jackson," Jason explained. Piper blinked in surprise. "You know Percy and Annabeth?" Jason raised an eyebrow at her. "Yeah, Percy's my cousin. You know them too?" Piper laughed and swept a lock of hair behind her ear. "I was one of the bridesmaids at their wedding, Annabeth's college roommate, and I'm currently Sarah's nurse. I definitely know the Jackson family." He smiled and Piper felt heat nip at her cheeks. He had little dimples on his cheeks too. "Come this way," she directed, "Sarah's room is over here." They walked in silence down the east wing until they reached Room 258B. Through the window, Piper could glimpse Sarah's short, dark hair and her parents sitting in the uncomfortable visitors' chairs. Jason seemed to be simply studying the family, and Piper took another moment to study him. He wore an expensive tailored suit, and there was a familiar pin on his lapel. She wracked her brain for where she'd seen it before, but she couldn't think of anything concrete. "It's horrible," Jason remarked suddenly. He glanced down at her, and Piper cocked her head, waiting for him to explain. "These kids, they're all so young. I guess we never really think about what's happening until it happens to someone close to us." Piper sighed. "That seems to be the reality for most people. I come to work every day, and I have to deal with children who are just about ready to give up and parents who just want their kids to be happy and healthy and grow up. It's hard for everyone." "Anyway, thanks, Piper. I should let you get back to work," Jason said smoothly. Piper smiled and rapped twice on the wooden door. Annabeth and Percy both looked towards the door. "Tell Annabeth that I say hello, and that I'll be by later to see Sarah." Jason gave her one last winning smile and stepped through the doorway. Piper turned on her heel and walked back down the hallway, intent on returning to Lacy. She was just twisting the doorknob when her phone pinged in the pocket of her scrubs. She slid inside the room, smiled at Lacy, and checked the text message. It was from Annabeth. Turn on the TV. Right now! Piper frowned, and Lacy blinked at her. "Piper, is everything okay?" the patient asked shyly. Piper mustered a smile for the girl. "Everything's fine sweetie, but would you pass me the remote please?" The girl tossed Piper the black remote for the small television in the corner of the hospital room, and the nurse clicked it on. Thankfully she didn't have to channel-surf to find what Annabeth thought was so important. The news channel was broadcasting as soon as the appliance was powered on. Piper's breath caught in her chest and her knuckles whitened on the remote as she studied the text scrolling along the bottom of the screen. Lacy was watching the screen too. "An asteroid? Aren't those just the big rocks in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter?" A lump formed in Piper's throat. "Technically an asteroid is any large chunk of, usually, rock in space. The largest known collection is in the asteroid belt, but they exist in other places in space too." The young blonde girl's eyes were still fixed on the television screen, and Piper fumbled a moment before she clicked the TV off. The words of the newscast swam in her head, but she knew that she had to distract her patient. Piper placed the remote down on the table to her left and knit her fingers behind her back. She smiled warmly at Lacy. "Well sweetie, I believe I was going to ask about your favourite vacation," Piper reminded her. Lacy grinned and began telling Piper all about the time that she went to Cuba when she was seven, sufficiently distracted. Ten minutes later, Lacy's parents returned with Dr. Solace, and it was time for Piper to go visit Sarah Jackson. She hurried down the hallway, wanting to both check-up on her friend and her patient. When she peeked through the small door window, Piper noticed that Percy and her new acquaintance Jason were both gone. Annabeth however, was still sitting at the bedside. Piper gently pushed the door open, the squeak from the hinges causing the blonde woman to glance at her. Annabeth had a creased brow and bags under her eyes. Her hair was a little frizzier than usual, and she looked pretty frazzled. Piper crossed the room and stood next to her, looking down at the young girl on the bed. Sarah was sleeping peacefully, the dark hair inherited from her father lying in a black circlet on the hospital pillow. Annabeth's grey eyes flickered between her daughter and her friend. Piper rested a hand reassuringly on her shoulder. "It seems statistically impossible and so incredibly far away. They gave it 150 days, you know," Annabeth muttered. Piper gently leant over the bed, pressing her fingers gently into the radial artery on Sarah's wrist before resting the back of her hand on the girl's forehead. "Annabeth, it's an asteroid. How many times before have people tried to say the world was ending? Remember 2012?" The architect sighed. "Piper, this is different. It's never been on breaking national news with real scientific evidence to back it up." The nurse picked up her file and a pen, but couldn't bring herself to write anything in it. Instead, she dumped the file on the edge of Sarah's bed and awkwardly wrapped her arms around the sitting Annabeth. "We'll be fine, Annabeth," Piper promised. The blonde sighed, her eyes steeling a little. "I'm worried about her," she admitted,