When the cold walls of the dungeons started feeling like ice cubes against her fingertips, Piper knew that it was almost Christmas. Despite the chill setting in her bones, she smiled and threw on an extra layer. Her housemates glared at her like she was crazy, but Piper ignored them. She didn't care if no one else in Slytherin House showed Christmas spirit, she loved the holiday. Yet, the frosts were early this year and that probably explained the scepticism of her friends. She was sure they'd warm to the idea once December actually hit. Piper loosely secured her tie and grabbed her bag, stuffed with her morning class books, and left the common room. Without the crackling fire, the rest of the dungeons were actually rather cold and Piper quickened her pace, heading for the Great Hall. Other students were streaming to and from the Hall, but Piper knew the person she was looking for would still be dining at this time. She strode through the doors into the hall and instantly picked out the blonde head against the wave of students. Piper strode through the crowded hall and plunked down on the wooden bench next to one of her best friends. Annabeth didn't even blink in her direction as she turned the page of the heavy book resting on the table in front of her. Piper rolled her eyes and began helping herself to some food off the Ravenclaw table. "Again Piper?" a familiar voice teased. Piper looked up and grinned. Reyna shook her head, her dark braid sliding over her shoulder. "Do you ever eat at the Slytherin table?" Piper tapped her index finger against her chin and thought about it. "Nope," she replied cheerfully after a second. Reyna slid into her seat across from Piper and Annabeth. Like Annabeth, her robes looked as neat as ever and her tie was tightened perfectly around her throat. Reyna cast a slightly grumpy look at Piper's tie, but the Slytherin was perfectly happy to ignore her. As she continued to eat her breakfast, Piper began humming a Muggle Christmas song under her breath. The Great Hall seemed to pick up on her mood as over her head, and by extension over Annabeth's, it began to snow lightly. The flakes were light and harmless and disappeared as soon as they came into contact with anything, but Piper still grinned. Reyna just rolled her eyes and filled her goblet with hot chocolate. Annabeth however, finally looked up from her book and glared at Piper. "It's snowing," the blonde grumbled. Piper just smiled. Annabeth huffed. "Come on Piper, it's only November 27th." "You say only, I say finally," Piper replied cheerfully. "The stones in the dungeon are cold," she added as if that explained it all. Annabeth sighed and flicked her wand up, dispersing the snow, but she didn't say anything else in reply to her friend. She did, however, put her book away and finally begin eating her breakfast. Piper nicked half of one of Annabeth's pastries and the Ravenclaw just sighed and flicked the rest of it onto Piper's plate. Across the table, Reyna was scribbling on a piece of parchment that looked suspiciously like the Charms homework Piper deliberately had forgotten. Before she could ask which assignment Reyna was working on, a third Ravenclaw joined their little group, sliding in next to Reyna. His hair was wild and curly as usual and he had his usual mischievous smile painted onto his face. Leo leant over and plucked the quill out of Reyna's hand, reading her work over her shoulder. "Did Miss Perfect finally forget to do a Charms assignment?" he teased. Piper watched Reyna's cheeks flush a little as she snatched her quill back from Leo. "Lay off," Reyna snapped. "We can't all be perfect at Charms without trying you know," she grumbled. Piper acknowledged that she had a point: Leo was very, very good at Charms considering he did none of the work for the 6th year class. Still, he never topped Annabeth, who worked the hardest of the group. The previous year, when she was a 6th year, Annabeth received straight O's in the class. Reyna tended to do better than Leo too, but Flitwick could never dock too many marks from him due to his natural talent. Piper reckoned if he was really trying, he might, might, be able to beat Annabeth's record. Still, she would steamroll him in Transfiguration, so it wasn't much of a contest there. "Hey Beauty Queen, where's Thomas?" Leo asked curiously, looking right at Piper. Annabeth paused and looked at her too, but Piper just shrugged. Thomas Mitchell was the Gryffindor Keeper in Annabeth's year that Piper had been casually messing around with recently. She didn't particularly like Thomas, but he wasn't a bad bloke so she kept him around. At the Slytherin party last night, however, Piper hadn't felt anything and when Thomas had tried to actually ask her out, she just flat rejected him and walked away. "You dumped him?" Annabeth guessed. "If you say we were dating then sure, I dumped him," Piper replied easily. She hadn't lost sleep over it. Reyna craned her neck over Annabeth's head to glimpse the Gryffindor table. "Well, I don't see Thomas, so maybe you did actually hurt his feelings." Leo snorted. "Thomas Mitchell? The guy who thoughtlessly tried to tie Frank's shoelaces together in first year and kiss Annabeth in front of Percy in third year? That guy doesn't have a brain cell, much less feelings." Piper laughed and even Annabeth chuckled. Reyna smirked suddenly. "Although," she said, looking slyly at Piper. "There is a Gryffindor staring in this direction and I don't think he's looking at Annabeth or Leo, and I know he's not looking at me." Piper twisted in her seat and briefly made eye contact with the guy staring at her. Jason Grace, Gryffindor Chaser, instantly turned red and looked away. Piper smiled softly. Jason was honestly one of the nicest guys in her year and she thought he was pretty cute, so it didn't bother her that he was the one she'd caught staring. She twisted back to face her friends and was unable to hide the smug look on her face. "Piper, I don't think I've ever met anyone who can fluster Jason like you," Reyna remarked in disbelief, shaking her head. "Well, it's almost December," Piper mused. "You know what that means." "Christmas break?" suggested Leo. Her lips quirked up. "Mistletoe." That evening Jason was distracting himself by mulling determinedly at the schedule he had planned for Gryffindor's next Quidditch practice. He was the team captain and even though the end of term was coming up, he was determined to win their last game before the break. Yet, he had a problem. It was the very same problem that caused him to force himself to stare at his books instead of letting his eyes wander. If he lost focus for even a second, he knew he would do like he did in the morning and seek her out. He'd find her sitting at the Slytherin table, a rare occurrence, and he would stare. Still, it irked him a little that he knew where she was sitting despite his complete focus being on not staring at her. The fact that Piper McLean could always distract him, no matter the situation, would have been frustrating if he didn't get so flustered in her presence. She was his problem on the pitch too. Gryffindor's last game was against Slytherin in a week and that meant Jason would have to face Piper. To his dismay, she was also a Chaser so they ended up checking each other quite regularly when they played. This usually ended with him staring stupidly after her as she nimbly flew around him with a few eyelash flutters thrown in. It really didn't help that every time Jason saw his Keeper, he wanted to knock Thomas' teeth in. He did draw comfort from the rumours that Piper had knocked Thomas flat on his ass with rejection. It was the talk of the upper years and Jason kind of wished that he'd been at the party to see it, but he had learned by fourth year to avoid any party that Piper would be at. Jason blinked and realised to his frustration he'd zoned out and his eyes had wandered to the back of her head across the Great Hall. As he tore his gaze away, the table bumped and someone slid into the seat across from him. Percy's tie was missing and the top button of his shirt was undone. Under the yellow-lined robe, Jason noticed the seventh year had rolled his sleeves up to his elbow. Jason really didn't understand how Percy was dating the Head Girl. "So," the Hufflepuff drawled cheerfully, glancing over his shoulder. "How goes the staring match with the back of Miss McLean's head?" Jason rolled his eyes. "You were the same with Annabeth." "Past tense," Percy agreed. "Now we're dating and I get to stare at her all I want. You, on the other hand, have still not asked her out." "Are we talking about Piper?" a new voice asked. Jason glanced to his left and saw two newcomers approaching. Hazel was the one who had spoken and Jason was very happy to see his fellow housemate, even if she was going to join in the teasing. She usually took his side. "Absolutely," Percy confirmed. Hazel slid her wand behind her ear, holding back a wild curl and she slid onto the bench next to Jason. "You're not very subtle," she informed him. The fourth year was very mature for her age so no one in the crowd of sixth and seventh year's minded having her around. Frank, Percy's housemate and Hazel's boyfriend, slid in next to her. "She's really nice if you'd talk to her," he added helpfully. Jason sighed. "Guys you saw what happened to Thomas. Plus, I'm a little too busy for a relationship." All three of his friends gave him sceptical looks. It was no secret that he was busy, as captain of the Gryffindor's Quidditch team and the Dueling Club, but he was also aiming for the Head Boy position for the next year. Everyone seemed to agree that Jason could probably devote a little more time to his social life than he did. However, before anyone could voice their argument, Annabeth basically threw herself down onto the seat next to Percy. She flopped half on him and half on the table and groaned. She looked exhausted and Jason recognised the 'I-stayed-up-too-late-studying' look. He'd seen it many times in his own reflection. The Ravenclaw Head Girl didn't move from her position for a while, despite the eyes of all the friends trained on her. Finally, she lifted her head and stared right at Jason. "She made it snow this morning," Annabeth grumbled. Her eyes were dull and annoyed at the memory. She dropped her head down onto her arms against the tabletop again. "Wait, why did Piper make it snow?" Percy asked, nudging his girlfriend. "Because she's a crazy snake that loves Christmas and wants to snog Jason senseless under the mistletoe," Annabeth muttered. Her words were muffled through her face down position, but Jason caught enough to make him flush. His eyes skittered to Piper over Percy's shoulders. She was surrounded mostly by other Slytherins, but there was a Ravenclaw boy on her left that Jason instantly identified as Leo, one of their mutual friends. He knew she had made it snow, he'd seen it, and he figured she liked Christmas because all through their Transfiguration class, she had been humming Muggle songs under her breath. Still, he wasn't sure what to make of the last bit of Annabeth's statement. "Guys, maybe we should just leave him alone," Hazel suggested gently to the others. Jason looked at her and was about to thank