Yours Truly, Sparky At Goode High there are over 2000 students. In the Junior grade alone there are 587 students. As a prestigious school they receive about 30 transfers per grade a year. So naturally, no one is expected to know everyone in their grade. Some days, especially today, Piper McLean really wishes she could. It starts as a normal day, waking up, joking with her movie star dad, getting her dad to give her in a ride in his car, driving to school, waiting at her best friend's locker, speaking with said best friend and going to class together. Piper sits in English, chin in her palm, and sighs dramatically. Annabeth rolls her eyes at Piper's dramatic care for the subject. Piper just sticks her tongue out at Annabeth and starts doodling. Their teacher lectures them on short stories again, and gives them a worksheet to complete. Piper immediately goes to work on it, answering each question wrong to spite the teacher. "Piper you know you're going to fail if you keep doing that." Annabeth chides. The blonde had turned around and was working with Percy Jackson, the guy who sits behind them. "Psht. Not actually handing this one in Annabeth, you know me." Piper says flippantly. Percy chuckles. "Yeah Annabeth, you know her." He flicks her nose jokingly and Annabeth's cheeks flush. Piper stifles a snort. Annabeth and Percy are so head-over-heels for each other it's not even funny. After blatantly answering each question wrong, she steals Annabeth's eraser and restarts. As much as she says she hates it, English is one of Piper's more favourable subjects. It is just the teacher. Nobody likes Mr. D, nobody. English drags on, Piper reads a book in a bored stupor, and finally the class ends. She bids Percy and Annabeth a quick goodbye and darts out into the crowded hallways. As nice as the school is, the paint on the walls is hideous and practically coated in spray paint to cover up all of the graffiti. The lockers are an ugly shade of green and almost all of them squeak and most don't close properly. The vinyl tiles are ugly too: a light shade of yellow, streaked with stains from thousands of shoes. As ugly as the place looks, Piper loves it. For a while, her dad, the one and only Tristan McLean, couldn't find a place to settle where he could work and have Piper attend a school for more than a year. Finally, he found a place in Manhattan and Piper started at Goode in sophomore year. She's met so many amazing people and really loved the school. Her dad has promised her she can graduate here. As Piper flits off to her next class she waves to her classmates with whom she's on good terms. People jostle and jolt their way through the hallways, all trying to get everywhere at once. As she winks at a friend from Drama, Lacey, she notices him. He's tall, at least six foot, and blonde. She doesn't catch much else about him in the bustle but his purple shirt and startling blue eyes. Piper feels like she's been electrocuted after just looking at them. She wonders if her own eyes, which are always changing colour, can change to that particular shade of blue. This is a moment Piper wishes she could put name to face. Shaking it off, Piper heads into Pre-Calculus. She shares this class with Frank Zhang and Leo Valdez. Frank is a bulky Asian guy who's not comfortable with his size. He's a total sweetheart and Piper adores him. Leo Valdez on the other hand, is a little shit. He's an inch taller than Piper and has curly hair and pointy ears like an elf. He always had this trademark impish grin on his face. He's ADHD and obviously so because he's always fiddling with something. But he is definitely her best friend. "Hey Beauty Queen." He greets her jokingly. Piper rolls her eyes and dumps her books on the desk to his left. "Repair Boy." She addresses coolly. "Frank," she smiles warmly. Frank laughs and nods to Piper. Leo fakes a gasp and theatrically mimes being shot. "I'm hurt Piper. Zhang over me? I thought we had something special!" Piper fakes a frown and rests a hand on his cheek. "Oh Leo, I don't think I can do this anymore, you're too hot!" She flicks him in the nose and turns away, smacking him with her hair. Leo laughs and waves her off. "My hotness is too much." The teacher clears her throat from the front of the class and fixes Piper and Leo both with stern looks. The two stifle their giggles and pretend to take notes. They'll copy off of Frank later as usual. Trigonometry is stupid, Piper reasons with herself. She gets her third problem wrong in a row and curses under her breath. Frank is doing fine, and Leo is doing surprisingly well. But Piper? Math is not her strong suit. She silently suffers through the rest of class. In the last five minutes she figures she was writing her equations balanced and smacks herself. That was dumb. The bell rings and Piper is released to her favourite subject: Drama. She leaves with a goodbye to Frank and a silly face for Leo. Leo ignores her. He has automechanics, not like Piper actually cares. Fixing cars isn't that useful, she told him once. He responded by saying, neither is fake crying. Piper just snorted and that was the end of it. Piper waltzes into the drama studio and dumps her bag in the third row before hopping up onto the stage. She and Mitchell, another friend, instantly launch into a friendly improvised banter using characters from their upcoming production, Pride and Prejudice Eventually they both run out of things to banter about so they break off to actually rehearse lines like they should be. The drama teacher doesn't show her face the entire class, but nobody really cares, they're all here to have fun anyways. Drama passes in a breeze unfortunately, and Piper is then off to lunch. She slips in next to Leo, nearly bumping him off his seat, at their usual table. Percy is there, puzzling over biology, the only subject he ever does his homework in. Hazel and Frank are next to arrive. Hazel Levesque is a sophomore who's dating Frank. She's got warm cocoa skin and cinnamon coloured curly hair. She's a total sweetheart and Frank's an adorable match for her. Then Annabeth shows up and Percy tried to sink further into his textbook to look good in front of the brainiac. Annabeth just casts him a quizzical glance before flipping her mass of blonde curls out of her face, irritated. Rachel and Calypso come next. Rachel's got really bright green eyes and frizzy red hair. Calypso has almond shaped brown eyes and long warm brown hair. They are chattering on about art. Percy looks up and jokingly snipes, "Ew art people." Calypso laughs and Rachel swats him over the head. "Shut up Percy." She says lightly. Piper feels warm inside. These are her amazing friends and she's really lucky. She eats her vegetarian lasagna from the cafeteria, which is surprisingly good. After eating Piper goes to her locker to get her History books. That's not her favourite class either. While at her locker, she once again spies the boy from earlier. This time she gets a better look. He's definitely over six foot, six one, if she has to guess. His eyes are still just as startling. He's got close cropped hair that's almost lighter than his skin. California, she decides. He turns the corner, and her moment is broken. She turns back to her locker and noticed the sticky note posted under a photo strip of Annaberh and her. 'Study sesh with Dyl on Thursday' her messy writing indicates. Piper frowns. Dylan is an asshole from her History class who always tries to hit on her. But, they have a project to do and they were planning on doing it today. She sighs. Dylan's probably going to skip out which is good, but she has no way to get home earlier anyways. Oh well. The bell rings and Piper slowly drags her feet to history. None of her friends are in this class. She sits at the very back in the left corner to avoid being called on often. She gets good grades so the teacher leaves her alone most of the time. They just take notes on a presentation the whole class and Piper is relieved she doesn't have to do any group work. This class is mostly popular and irritating people with whom Piper is not on good terms with. At the final bell of the day, it's like someone fired a gun at startled animals. Everyone stampedes for the door. Piper leisurely gathers her books and heads towards the door. Dylan stops her and makes some dumb excuse to get out of going to the library and Piper brushes him off. Guess she has an hour to herself then. Cool. She claims a secluded corner in the library as fast as possible. The other tables quickly fill up. She is rewriting her messy history notes when someone clears their throat. As clichéd as it is, it's the guy from earlier. He smiles awkwardly. Piper notices the scar on his upper lip and the corner of her lips quirks up. "Hey," he starts. "Do you mind if I sit here? Everywhere else is full." Piper waves her hand dismissively. "Go ahead. I don't mind." He pulls out the chair across from her and pulls out an AP Physics book. Piper raised an eyebrow. He catches her looking and smiles shyly. "Yeah, shoot me. I like physics." Piper laughs. "Hey, I don't care. I'm an English and Drama person." He smiles and returns his attention to the page. They study in silence for a bit. Neither of them has any intention of leaving until Piper's phone buzzes on the table beside her. She checks it. From: Daddy Hey Pipes, won't be able to drive u home. Sorry. Catch a ride? Walk? See u tonite. Piper sighs and slides her phone into her pocket. She snaps her history book shut and shoved it into her backpack. She glances at the window only to notice in dismay, it's pouring rain. She sighs in irritation. The blonde guy looks up. "Something up?" Piper smiles easily. "Nah, not really. My ride just cancelled and I'm gonna have to walk in this weather." He looks outside quickly. "Oh that sucks." He pauses. "Hey if you need a ride, I can give you a lift." Piper perks up. "Seriously? Thanks so much!" He slides his Physics book into his bag. "Just let me go to my locker first." "Cool, I'll just tag along if you don't mind." "No prob." He replies easily. They leave the library together and head to his locker which is in the same hallway as Percy's. He spins his combination in cleanly, but slower than someone who had been attending Goode for two or three years. Piper leans against the locker to the right when she realizes something. "Hey, I don't even know your name!" Blue eyes spin from the contents of the locker to her. "Really?" He is surprised. Piper laughs. "Yes, really. I'm Piper." "Nice to meet you Piper." He turns back to his locker and Piper rolls his eyes. "Yo that's your cue." He just laughs and shuts the metal door. "Hey, maybe I want to see you figure it out yourself." Piper smirks. "If you don't tell me, I'll just come up with a really stupid nickname." When he just keeps smiling, she thinks. Her eyes are drawn back to his. "Sparky." "Sparky?" He asks. He's not offended. Rather, he's amused. "Why Sparky?" Your eyes. Piper wracks her brain for an excuse. "Physics. You're