"in those final moments as reality collapsed around us, she looked at peace, no fear or anguish she just shone with that radiant shine that she always did, dignified and accepting. in those moments i think i finally understood, we had tried and i think that's all that really mattered." - andrew smailes They say it was an accident: something that spiralled out of control too quickly. The people aren't exactly sure of the consequences, but everyone here is far too aware. There's something about it that burns through your godly blood and corrupts your mind until you're a bumbling shell of the person you used to be, and it always ends by choking to death on your own blood, if you get that far. - ( REYNA ) - Her name is Gwen, and she's the first. Camp Jupiter is swamped by some kind of cold, and most of your centurions are out of action with mild symptoms. Few people have progressed past mild coughing and fever, but Gwen doesn't look good. The medics say she hasn't kept any food down for days, and you visit her, concerned. She doesn't look good, but because she's Gwen, one of your best friends, she smiles at you anyways. It doesn't do a good enough job of hiding her pain. The medics explain she has strange joint pains and headaches and she's bizarrely feverish. She can't eat or drink, and her pulse wavers occasionally. It's nothing no one has ever seen before, but they promise that unicorn horn shavings and ambrosia and nectar will fix it. Gwen just squeezes your hand and tells you it's nothing to worry about. She tells you that you have work to do. You leave, but you'll be back tomorrow and you promise her that. She smiles and waves you away, leaving her alone with the medics. They tell you it was sudden and unstoppable. Her blonde hair, previously beautiful and smooth, is falling out in chunks and she tears the rest out herself. She curls in a ball, rips out her IV, and screams and screams and screams. This patient you spoke with yesterday has lost her mind, and you're nearly losing yours because it's impossible that these changes happened so fast. You can only stand nearby numbly as she stops screaming and starts rocking back and forth. Whatever she has, has progressed violently in an unprecedented amount of time, and you fear for where it will take your dear friend next. As it turns out, she does stop screaming, but only to shake uncontrollably and began puking and coughing up blood. It's sudden, and the spatter of red against the stark, white sheets is startling. The medics rush towards her, but she spasms and her beautiful blue eyes bulge with terror. She's hacking on something and the doctors are panicking–she's choking on her own blood. You watch in horror as they administer what they can, but she only tries to scream when exposed to the nectar and chokes faster. You finally avert your eyes, as her spasms lessen. She's gone. Her name is Gwen and she is the first to die, and you know she won't be the last, as aprobatio stumbles into the medical bay, coughing and shaking. - ( ANNABETH ) - Reyna's letters bring you a panic that settles deep in the pit of your stomach and doesn't go away. The death count at Camp Jupiter is rising drastically, and the praetor is short on ideas, short of burning all the bodies of people who have died or contracted the disease. They've established it is some sort of airborne plague that only seems to affect demigods. The legacies with at least three generations of distance are fine, and as are the mortals, but any demigod even exposed to the disease seems to catch it. You worry about where it came from, since nobody seems to know, and if it will decimate your home as utterly as it is decimating hers. An Iris-message to Chiron tells you that it is all well at Camp Half-Blood and though it is selfish, you are relieved. It's not as bad as what you do next. Percy and you have just settled into an apartment in New York, and you burn Reyna's letters so he won't find them. You don't want to lose him, won't lose him. You keep him in the dark so he doesn't run off and try to rescue people. You correspond with Camp Jupiter through safe means only, and offer what advice you can to Reyna. She's somehow still unaffected, and for that, you are grateful. She tells you that Frank and Hazel have gone to Canada to visit Frank's family. You tell her to tell them not to return. They are your friends and you don't want to lose them either. In fact, you advise her to ward off all visitors and to cut contact with the outside. This disease, you decide, is too violent to stop. Reyna tells you that the godly healing goods only seem to worsen it, and you tell her to isolate the sick and evacuate the healthy. She agrees, though is hesitant to doom her city. You are not. It is not your home and though you can grieve for the lost lives, you are more interested in protecting your own. You ask her to refrain from telling your home, and she agrees. The panic should be contained. She even agrees to cut off correspondence with you, and to refuse anyone admittance into the camp. You ask her to leave too, because she's your friend and you don't want her to die too, but she is Praetor, and you should have known better. She tells you to stay well and stay far, far away. Percy comes home just as you are burning her last letter, and you fall into his arms, guilty and grieving and confused. You have protected your home, for now, but you may have doomed all others. And his arms wrap around you, and you can't even give him a reason for the tears because you don't want to lose him and you can't lose him too. - ( JASON ) - You know something is wrong the minute that Reyna rearranges your next visit. As the Pontifex Maximus, you need to travel frequently between camps, but she's never told you not to come before. Piper thinks you are being too suspicious, but you can't get the feeling out of your head. So you sit in an office at Camp Half-Blood and try to send an Iris-message to her, but it doesn't go through. You call Annabeth, because she must know what's going on, but her answers are vague and her eyes are bloodshot. In the background of her office, she has strung news articles up, but they're not in focus for you. She looks exhausted. You ask her if she's alright, and she deflects the question easily, but you don't believe her. You worry some more about Reyna, and about Camp Jupiter. Piper just asks you to calm down and come back to bed, assuring you in her quiet way that everything will be alright. You run your fingers down her arm and tell her that Reyna is silent and Annabeth looks almost crazy. Piper says that you'll go see Annabeth tomorrow, and that it will prove she's okay. So you go back to bed, and Piper coughs several times through the night, citing a bad cold when you ask her in the morning. She just smiles at you and asks if you're ready to go see Annabeth and Percy. She has been in contact with Percy to let him know that you're coming by, and you kiss her on the head and off you head. When you get there, Percy is the only one awake. Annabeth apparently fell asleep in her office and Percy didn't disturb her. You all sit around and exchange updates about your lives: apparently Percy has big plans involving a ring soon and Piper is absolutely thrilled. Annabeth wakes up soon after your arrival, and as she emerges from her office and lays her eyes on Piper and you, you've never seen her that pale before. One look between the two of you, has her opening her office and revealing the articles she's collected on an illness sweeping the nation. She casts her eyes to the ground as you read the stories and realize, with a sharp ache you notice that they're all demigods and they've all died in the same way. And then she pulls the rug away and Percy looks devastated and Piper can't make a sound, but you just step away because your home is dying and YOUR FRIENDS ARE DYING . Annabeth cries and Percy cries and then you're all crying in a circle on the floor because you have never felt this helpless and useless and hopeless in your whole life. - ( FRANK ) - Reyna tells you not to come home. You're a country away and even though you were born here, your home is there and you have to go back. At first, you are accepting of her request, and you overstay your welcome with your grandmother, but she doesn't seem to mind. Hazel doesn't seem to care either, and you show her around your hometown some more. It all seems okay. But after a month, you miss the sun of California. You call Reyna again and this time, what you see makes you reel. Reyna is surrounded by paperwork in some kind of office, but it's not hers. It looks more like the room off of the infirmary and you start to worry. She tells you that the camp is fine, but you still can't come back, and even though she is clearly the power between the two of you, you put your foot down. You are coming back, or she is explaining. A loud pubescent scream cuts through from her side and you tense. Reyna droops and finally, gives in. Her explanation is vague, but it makes your skin crawl and your heart sink. Gwen is already gone, as are countless others, and Dakota checked into the infirmary this morning. You're a country away, and your friend is leading a group of dying soldiers and YOUR FRIENDS ARE DYING. You insist on returning. She forbids it. She tells you to take Hazel and to go to Camp Half-Blood. Already she has been sending unaffected residents of New Rome away, many of the demigods to Camp Half-Blood. You are hesitant to agree, but her exhaustion compels you. You ask, tentatively, if she will join you. There is little left for her to do there, and she admits she will come when she can, if it is safe for her to do so. Hazel comes in as you end the call, and you hug her. She still smells like cinnamon and everything good in the world, and you know she has already died one too many times, but you tell her. You've never been any good at keeping secrets, especially from her. She's upset too, you both are, but she wants to help, so you start packing. There are people relying on you, and there are people dying, and you just really want to protect your friends. - ( PERCY ) - After you found out, you naively thought that you could protect your home from it. This disease that is sweeping across the nation shouldn't enter your home because your home is too pure and has seen too much shit for this to happen too. But those are the thoughts of a naive little boy, and you can't afford to be that kid anymore as the Hermes kids bring in a camper who has a nasty cough and a bad headache. Annabeth's hand closes around yours, cold, as she cautions the Apollo cabin about what the boy might have.