i'd serve you the world on a silver platter (if it was mine to give) When Reyna was five years old, Hylla dropped her off in the kindergarten classroom with her snack, a smile and a brief wave. Naturally, Reyna was on edge. She was a young child in a strange environment, and it was very normal for her to feel unsure. The teacher appeared nice enough, but Reyna was small and had heard enough screaming from adults to last a lifetime. She'd unhappily parked herself on a corner of the carpet and proceeded to stare at a spot of old tape for quite a while. She scowled, quite fiercely for a five year old, at any one who approached her. Reyna's hands curled in the hem of her new dress and she eventually resorted to watching the strange people around her. They were all her size and they were loud. Little children ran screaming around the classroom while the teacher and her assistant tried to placate them. Toys were flying and kids were crying and Reyna hated kindergarten. She managed to steal a couple of crayons from a girl with blonde hair and green eyes. The girl had started crying, but Reyna simply ignored her and went back to her spot on the carpet. She coloured quietly for a while, finally occupied with something other than frowning, but it didn't last long. A shadow was cast over her paper and Reyna looked up, intent on telling the person to move. It was a classmate with blonde hair and bright, innocent blue eyes. He had a scar on his lip and he was staring at Reyna's drawing upside-down like it was the most interesting thing in the room. "What are you looking at?" she snapped, pulling the picture closer to her and gathering the crayons into her fist. He blinked at her. "Oh sorry," he replied shyly. "I was just wondering if I could borrow your green crayon?" He pointed to the unused green crayon mixed in with the assortment of colours that Reyna held. "I asked Gwen," he gestured to the blonde that Reyna had robbed, "but she said you took the green one." Reyna just stared at this boy. He was strange. "Here," she huffed, offering him the offending item. "Take it." He plucked it out of her grasp and grinned. "Thanks! I'm Jason," he said, almost as an afterthought. "Reyna," she replied stiffly. Reyna turned away from the blonde boy and went back to colouring her picture. Jason's shadow disappeared and her shoulders relaxed. She almost didn't notice when he sat down next to her and started colouring his own picture. She glared at him. "What are you doing here?" Jason looked at her, bewildered as to the hostility. "I'm colouring?" he replied meekly. "Colour somewhere else," she instructed, looking away hotly. "But you're my friend and I want to colour here!" Jason insisted. Reyna scowled. She didn't want any friends. Then again, she remembered Kinzie, one of Hylla's friends. They had met in kindergarten. She snuck another glance at Jason. Maybe he would turn out like Kinzie. Reyna liked Kinzie. "Alright fine, but stay out of my way," she said finally. Jason just shrugged and went back to scribbling the green crayon over the pine tree in his picture. The next day Jason sat next to Reyna at Show and Tell, and she didn't scowl. The day after that Jason shared his cookie with her and she actually smiled. The next day, Reyna actually called Jason her friend when talking to the teacher. Each day that something good happened, Hylla would smile at Reyna and the younger of the sisters would always think that perhaps she didn't quite understand everything in Hylla's knowing grin. By the time third grade rolled around, Jason and Reyna were the best of friends. They did everything together and practically lived at each other's houses. In grades one and two, people had teased them for being best friends, but neither child cared much. They were friends and that was the important part. One Wednesday, Jason went to go play with Dakota on the swing set while Reyna and Gwen, who was long over the crayon incident, played on the monkey bars. Reyna was strong for her age and liked sitting on top of the monkey bars. As she was pulling herself up to the top, she caught a glimpse of Jason jumping off the swings. He landed on his side and he didn't get up and Reyna was suddenly very scared. She dropped from the bars and raced to his side. Dakota was already there, panicking, but Reyna just shoved him aside. Jason was shaking and Reyna rolled him onto his back, expecting the worst. Instead she got a laughing Jason who teased her about being such a worry-wart. She helped him up and then immediately shoved him into the swing for being such a loser. When Reyna was recounting the day later to Hylla, her sister asked how scared Reyna would have been if Jason hadn't been okay. Reyna admitted that it was probably the most scared she'd felt in a long time. Hylla then asked if she would feel the same fear if it had been Gwen or Dakota hurt and Reyna said no. Reyna thought about her answer. It was true; Jason being hurt was much scarier than Gwen being hurt. "Hey Hylla, am I weird for feeling that way about Jason?" Hylla laughed. "Of course not Rey, he's your best friend. It's perfectly normal to be worried about him when he does stupid stuff." Reyna nodded. Best friends. That made sense. She was friends with Gwen, but she was best friends with Jason. It was logical that Reyna would feel more strongly towards her best friend. Reyna had convinced herself almost fully then that the fluttery feeling in her chest when she'd seen him fall was just worry and absolutely nothing else. By grade seven, Reyna had learned that it wasn't worry. She had a, as much as she hated to admit it, crush on her best friend and it wasn't going away. He had become very cute as the years went by, and Reyna knew that other girls in their school thought the same about him. He was tall, taller than her now, and still as loyal and polite as ever. Annabeth liked to tease Reyna about it whenever Jason wasn't around, but the brunette would always just pull a sour face and change the subject. Annabeth wasn't one to let it go so easily. Since meeting Annabeth and Percy in sixth grade, Reyna had gained two more close friends. At the moment, Annabeth was trying to convince Reyna to ask Jason to the dance. "Annabeth, I don't even want to go to the dance," Reyna reminded. "Jason is free to go with whoever he chooses and I'll be at home finishing my science project." "Oh come on Reyna! You guys have been best friends for so long! Isn't it time to take the next step?" Annabeth begged, blonde curls bouncing as she pleaded. "Maybe next year," Reyna replied stiffly, closing her locker and walking away. In eighth grade Reyna realized that she wasn't alone. Jason Grace, aforementioned best friend, had a crush on her too! Reyna wasn't one of the girls to instantly rush up to her best friend and declare her undying love for him, since she wasn't even sure it was love. Plus, there was their friendship to consider. Reyna had weighed the pros and cons and had decided that the outcome of a relationship could be too nasty to risk entering one with Jason. As much as she liked him, she wanted to stay friends because she liked him this way. Not knowing what he would be like as a boyfriend was kind of a big deal and if it meant that he wasn't going to be the Jason that she knew, then Reyna didn't want any part of it. She treated him the same as always and awkwardly avoided his eighth grade flirting attempts. When it came time for the annual dance, Annabeth had lowered a heavy glare at Reyna, to which she had simply shook her head. The group of four-Percy, Annabeth, Jason and Reyna-had congregated at Reyna's locker one afternoon after school. Percy had looked suspiciously between Reyna and Jason before dragging Annabeth away with a big smile and a less-than-subtle wink to Jason. Reyna's heart sunk. She liked Jason a lot, but she didn't want to date him. At least, she thought that she didn't want to date him and through the years, Reyna had learned to trust her gut. As Jason opened his mouth to ask the million-dollar question, Reyna brought a hand up and prevented him from uttering a word. "I like someone else," she lied. It felt fake and papery as it slipped out and a sense of panic washed over her. She waited for Jason to laugh, call her out and finish his question, but he bought it. His excitement deflated and he stepped slightly away from Reyna. He forced on a cheery smile, but Reyna could see that his heart wasn't in it. "Aren't you going to tell me the lucky guy's name Rey?" he asked. Reyna's gaze flickered across the hallways, searching for a way out. It had to be believable. Her eyes locked on Percy and Annabeth who were trying to spy on the pair from the end of the hallway. Jason followed her gaze. "Percy?" he asked, surprised. He sounded a little wounded and Reyna realized that Jason and Percy were close friends, but they were both teenaged boys so naturally they always tried to be better than one another. "I was going to suggest you ask your guy to the dance, but if it's Percy, he's going with Annabeth." "I know," Reyna replied hollowly. She had avoided accepting a date from a boy she actually liked on the grounds of protecting their friendship, only to convince said boy that she liked one of his other friends. She felt awful and the kicked puppy look on Jason's face wasn't helping at all. As unfortunate as it was, thankfully the lie was believable. Jason didn't ask her to the dance and instead made a hasty excuse that was as much of a lie as Reyna's was. She made no move to stop him as her best friend, and crush, practically ran away from her. Even though she'd turned him down to protect her friendship, Reyna wondered if she'd ruined it anyways. Jason got over her. It stung Reyna to think about, but by the time they hit high school, Jason was back to normal. He had gotten over his crush on Reyna and gone back to treating her like his best friend. It should have all been fine and dandy, but Reyna admitted to herself that she wasn't over Jason and to see him smiling at other girls sometimes sent a pang searing through her stomach. High school was different. Their group of four stayed close, but they also drifted in different directions. Jason joined the football team, Annabeth joined the debate team and focused on school, Percy joined the swim team, and Reyna joined student government. Despite different interests, the first year of high school felt much like the last year of middle school. The one big change was that Percy and Annabeth started dating. They made it official and both Jason and Reyna were thrilled for them. To Jason it was simply that two of his close friends had finally come to terms with their feeling and got together. For Reyna it was more complicated since she looked at Percy and Annabeth and could almost see Jason and herself. It was bittersweet, but she forced herself to be happy for her friends. By sophomore year, Reyna still wasn't over Jason. He appeared to be well over her, and Reyna