For those who are and have been teenagers and for those who are surviving. Annabeth shut the door more aggressively than she needed to, and Piper laughed. "That bad?" The blonde slouched in the seat, scowling. "You have no idea." Piper turned the key in the ignition and her car rumbled to life. She gave Annabeth a pointed look and her friend fastened her seatbelt reluctantly. Piper turned her eyes to the road and waited for Annabeth to start talking. This was usually how their conversations went when one of them was frustrated and it worked. "He's being obstinate," she complained. "It's such a simple fix, so why won't he listen to me?" "Annie," Piper drawled as she turned the corner onto Annabeth's street. "You realise that you're fighting with your boyfriend over something small right? You guys have been dating for three years and this is what you choose to fight over?" "It's important!" Annabeth insisted. The blonde removed her sunglasses, dropped them into the cupholder of the car, and ran a hand through her blonde curls. Piper slowed to a stop at a red light, easing off the gas, and raised an eyebrow at her best friend. "Annabeth, I love you, but you're fighting over a goddamn tie." Annabeth turned her head away insistently. "We should match. Plus, his mum agrees with me and it's her wedding." "I mean, I agree with you too, but ultimately Percy is the one who will be wearing the tie. Do you really think his mum is going to care if he's wearing a tie? She's got tons of other things to worry about," Piper pointed out. Annabeth sighed. "You're right." "As always," Piper interjected. "And," Annabeth continued, casting Piper a firm look, "we'll be fine at the party tonight." "Good. Tonight is about fun, so you'd better be ready." Piper turned into Annabeth's driveway and put her car in park. Annabeth leant over and hugged her and Piper returned the embrace as best she could. Annabeth hopped out of the car and ran across the manicured lawn to the front door of the typical suburban home. Piper watched to make sure her friend got inside alright before she slid the gear shift into reverse and headed to her own home. She turned up the radio and began humming along to the catchy pop song on the radio. Normally pop music wasn't her thing, but the start of summer was a special occasion. It called for stupid summer anthems and drinking at the beach with friends. One didn't come without the other, so Piper embraced the terrible music taste of the radio DJ with open arms. Driving from Annabeth's house, so close to the school, to her own was not a short trip, but she did it every day. It wasn't like she was paying for the gas to her car herself, and every minute she spent with her extremely busy friend was worth it. Besides, it wasn't like there was anything she could do at her own house without drowning in the endless hallways and empty rooms. She drove through the edges of the town, spying some classmates milling around in the streets. Everyone was looking in good spirits and a few waved to Piper as she drove by. She cruised past rows of identical suburban houses and then through the rougher neighbourhood with the more interesting homes. She spent a good amount of time in this area too, thanks to Leo, but she still wasn't home. As the houses became sparser, and the lots larger, Piper finally spied her house. She rolled up to the edge of her driveway and watched as the gate slid away, granting her access. Piper parked her car in her spot in the garage and jumped out. She grabbed her bag from the front seat on the way and entered the house. The closing door echoed through the home and Piper knew that it meant her dad wasn't home. He wouldn't be home until later, and she would be lucky if he was home before she went out. Still, she knew things were better than they could have been. At least these days, she saw him nearly every day. Piper dumped her bag by the door and headed straight for the kitchen. She poured herself a glass of water and wandered towards the window, the ice cubes clinking against the glass. It was nearing four o'clock and the sun was still fairly high in the sky. Her phone buzzed in her pocket and Piper fished it out. She had a new message from Percy. She smiled subconsciously at the picture of Leo and Jason set as her home screen as she swiped to read the message. Order pizza yet? Piper rolled her eyes. Of course, Percy was worried about the pizza. I'll do it now , she replied. Piper opened the app for the pizza place and created a new order. She bought six and set the delivery address for Percy's house at 8 PM. She glanced at her watch again and saw it had inched only marginally closer to 4 PM. Piper took another glance out at the blue skies streaked with small, white clouds. It was a beautiful day and there was no one saying she couldn't go down sooner than the others. Hitting the surf in 15 . She fired the text to both Percy and Annabeth so they wouldn't be wondering where she was. Piper headed up to her room, ignored the growing pile of clothes on her desk chair, and headed right for her closet. She picked out her bathing suit and a pair of ratty shorts. She pulled on one of Jason's shirts that she'd stolen and repurposed by cutting the arms off and cropping it, and grabbed a flannel to finish her look. She slid down the bannister to the main floor and hummed as she walked back into the kitchen, leaving a note for her dad reminding him that she was sleeping over at Percy's. Piper headed back into the garage, locking the door to the house behind her, and opened the back of her car. She loaded a cooler into the back, as well as another case of beer and a carton of hard liquor. Since Piper's half-sister was of age, it was easy for her to get a run when she needed it, and an end of the year beach party was a perfectly acceptable reason for Silena to buy for her. Piper threw in a case of coke for those who wouldn't be drinking, and the bundle of firewood she had picked up the week before. Satisfied she had everything, Piper got into her car and headed out. She reached Percy's place in ten minutes and parked in the shade of the tree out front. She left most of the stuff in her car, bringing only her bag out, as she walked around the side of Percy's house and headed down towards the beach. She kicked off her shoes as soon as she was on the soft sand, relishing in the way that the warm sand slid familiarly through her toes. She grabbed her board from the rack near the dock and dumped her bag. She shed her shorts and top before pushing out into the water. The sunlight glinted off the waves and the familiar sea breeze made her grin. School had been making it hard to find time to really hit the waves, but it was summer now. She and Percy had already made a pact to surf as much as possible together before he left for New York, and to try and teach Annabeth and Jason the basics. Still, there were few things Piper loved more than late afternoon rides with the promise of a great evening ahead. She paddled out and sat up on her board, watching the water intently. Gentle waves bobbed her up and down, but she didn't see one she wanted to ride just yet. There was a boat further out that she could see, and she watched as it rose and fell due to the perfect wave. She swam out to meet it before turning and riding it in. Just as it began to crest, she pushed up, planting her feet firmly, and she rode. Piper was perfectly balanced and perfectly at ease as she carved through the water, spraying herself in the face with cool droplets. The wave broke and she wiped out, submerging completely, but she broke the surface easily, a grin spreading across her face. She had missed this. At close to 6:45, Piper was lying on the beach on her board, eyes closed while she soaked up some sun. She had nearly fallen asleep when someone plopped into the sand next to her. She opened one eye and to see who had disturbed her. Percy Jackson cracked a sly grin and Piper smirked at him in reply. "Ties, huh?" she teased. Percy rolled his eyes. "Wow, so she told you." "She tells me everything," Piper reminded. "Very true." He rolled his shoulders forward and squinted towards the horizon and the slowly setting sun. "How were the waves today?" "Good until the boats started going by," she replied. "When's Annabeth coming?" "Now," Annabeth's voice cut in. Piper lolled her head back and spotted Annabeth standing close by, a blanket bundled under one arm. Percy grinned upon seeing his girlfriend and he jumped up. He jogged over to her and pulled her into a kiss which Annabeth happily recuperated. Annabeth's blanket dropped to the sand as she slid her arms around Percy's neck and Piper rolled her eyes. Her friends were notorious for their PDA, even when they'd only been apart for a couple of hours. "Hey, guys!" Piper called after they showed no signs of acknowledging her presence. Annabeth broke the kiss and laughed at Piper's expression. "Like you wouldn't do the same with Jason if he was here." Piper shrugged. "He's not." Percy picked up Annabeth's blanket it draped it over his shoulder. "Anyways," he cut in, "the party starts at 7:30 and we should be good till around 11 when it gets too dark or cold." Annabeth stepped next to Piper, draping an arm over her shoulders. "It's weird, isn't it? The last party of senior year?" "Only because you guys are leaving me," Piper reminded. "We'll be with you in spirit," Percy teased. "Now, where's that firewood? We should start setting up." When the pizza arrived, the party was in full swing. Around thirty to forty people from the senior class were on the beach. Music was blaring from a boombox that Travis Stoll, the self-proclaimed DJ, had brought and the bonfire was crackling merrily. The alcohol had been cracked into, but only just enough so that everyone was having a good time. Piper herself was nursing her first beer and hanging out near the fire. Her eyes were locked onto the dancing, orange flames and a small smile curled up the edges of her lips. Suddenly, someone practically jumped onto her back and she stumbled forwards, almost falling. Piper spun and glared at her assailant, seeing Leo standing behind her with a cheeky grin on his face. He was holding a cup in one hand and his phone in the other. "That was rude," Piper told him. Leo laughed. "Come on, it was funny." "You would have owed me a drink if I spilt this," Piper informed him, raising her drink in his direction. "Gladly," Leo replied cheerfully. Piper finally dropped her act and smiled at her best friend. "So, how's your night been?" Leo shrugged. "Pretty good. I came with Calypso, but she wanted to dance, and my feet are not made for dancing." Piper turned and looked towards where most of the dancing was taking place. It was the area closest to the speaker. Drew Tanaka and her friends were in the middle, but there were others,