Perfectly Imperfect Piper walks past her head held high and her glossed lips quirked into a gorgeous smile. Drew Tanaka, self-proclaimed best friend, walks next to her, talking at her. Because really, who cares what Drew says anyways. Lacey nervously tips in every now and then, but it's mostly Drew chattering about useless crap nobody gives a damn about. But Piper still smiles and nods and laughs airily in all the right places. She worked hard. To be on top. No one ever cares about gossip or how hard you worked. But at least everyone likes her. She flicks a lock of hair over her shoulder and casts a disguised irritated look at her posse of self-absorbed so-called friends. When Drew is about to catch her glaring, it morphs into her award-winning smile. Because Piper McLean is perfect. And there is no girl who wouldn't want to be her. Jason watches from his seat next to his best friend Percy Jackson as Piper McLean and the rest of the populars sweep the floor. Percy is currently arguing with his girlfriend Annabeth, Leo is preoccupied with his phone, Frank and Hazel are just talking casually, and Reyna is studying Jason. Reyna is Jason's girlfriend. Right. Girlfriend. That means he can't stare at Piper. But there's just something about her that draws him to her; like moth to flame. She's pretty, but it's fake. Jason saw the real Piper. Young, wild, perfectly imperfect. Reyna's eyes flick over to one of Jason's so-called friends Matt. He knows they're hooking up. Whatever. He's the golden boy. Sure money, sports, brains and looks. Dig in ladies. Well, not really. Because his dad's a pretentious asshole who picked his friends for him. Well Percy and the others are great friends, but Reyna is kind of a shitty girlfriend. They may not be at the top, but he's hovering. It's still not enough for him to be worth a penny of Piper McLean's time. Outside of French. So Jason Grace watches the girl he may or may not be irreversibly in love with, stride right past without a change in expression. Piper and Drew are at the mall later. They walk, arms linked like schoolgirls, into boutique after boutique. Drew, once again, chatters aimlessly. Piper all but ignores her and keeps the smile planted on her face. She only almost blows up once. New record. But seriously, Drew comments on Piper being a size six. Drew's a two and three inches taller. Piper nearly throttles her, but brushed it off as weird sizing, dismissing a potentially dangerous conversation. So how did Ms. Tanaka die? Oh, just her best friend strangling her over dress sizes. That would have been odd to the police. Piper sees him out of the corner of her eye. Grace. Tall, handsome, and utterly taken. He's got that cute scar over his lip and Piper loves it. But, Drew says he's not cool enough. Almost, but not really. From French class, Piper thinks he's plenty cool. And hot. But maybe it'd be okay for her to see him if she fit into that four, or even a two. So she lets Drew talk some more as Jason Grace, the boy she may or may not be head-over-heels in love with, passes by. The next day she's in French. Jason studies her perfect hair as she sits two seats in front of him and one to the left. He notices Drew trying to talk to her, but she pays attention. Her favourite class. He knows. It's the only one she actually likes. As soon as they are dismissed, she's gone, Drew at her side like glue. Jason stumbles after her, followed by Annabeth. Piper is there, her compact open, checking her lipgloss. She snaps it shut with a click and regards Jason coolly. Jason feels her question and tells Annabeth, just loud enough, "Six tonight." The blonde blinks at him in surprise, but then Piper is striding past them, message received, and no one dares talk. Jason heads to lunch with Annabeth, who is still thoroughly confused. He sees her sit next to Dylan, her beau, and start the flirt fest. For once, he catches the glimpse of hate and contempt on Drew's face as he watches her. It's directed at her supposed best friend. Jason worries about Piper a little longer. She doesn't eat, just smiles her fake smile and nods. Percy elbows him and raises an eyebrow. Jason just shoves him and starts to work on biology. When he gets to the large house at six in the evening, she answers the door. Piper's face is bright, free of make-up, and genuinely smiling. Jason is glad she's being herself. This is the best Piper McLean. The most beautiful. Only he knows it. They do French for a while, but it gets off topic. Soon she's wearing sweats and an old t-shirt, him in jeans and an even older one, and they're watching a movie. Piper's dad looks in as they are engrossed. He almost feels bad. He wasn't sure Piper had any real friends. That complicated things a little, he muses. The next day, it's the same routine. Piper leads her crew everywhere. Except when she goes to the bathroom alone at lunch. Jason is walking past with Leo, when he hears something. He tells his friend to go on, and peeks in the girls' bathroom. Piper's there, cake-faced for school again, trying to be pretty. Jason is crushed. He stops her and she looks mortified. He tells her it's bad, but she just snaps it's for her image. He doesn't give a damn about the image. She does. There's a fight. Piper ends up storming out with no intentions of ever being alone in the same room as Jason Grace. Jason watches her go, horrified and cold, and also lonelier than ever. Even when Reyna throws herself at him later, he doesn't recuperate. Leo watches him curiously, but says nothing. Jason knows he knows about Piper. Leo liked a girl a while ago, but she moved schools, and understands perfectly Piper's whole perfection deal. Best friends man. After that, Jason loathes school almost as much as home. His dad is still a political asshole and bastard, Thalia and his stepmom still go at it five times a day, and Jason can't stand Tuesday's even more than usual. Normally he'll go study with his Piper. The one no one else knew. But now she hates him. He's caught her trying to be pretty twice since and she's given him a verbal middle finger on both occasions. And while Jason's life gets worse, he's not the only one. Piper is happy. She's a four now. With the way she's headed she'll be a two in no time. Drew seems happy with the change. So does Dylan, he hits on her more often. But Malcolm, Lacey, Lou Ellen and the nicer kids in her posse seem a little worried. Whatever, as long as she's beautiful. Beauty is happiness to Piper. Well, normally it is. Lately she's been seeing more things. She'll walk down the hall and see Will Solace, captain of the basketball team, and Nico di Angelo, some goth kid, exchanging glances that are something more than friendly. She sees Bianca di Angelo putting up a brave face for her friends, and as soon as they leave, she's thrown into a locker and laughed at. She sees Katie Gardner taking cautious looks at Travis Stoll while he plans his mischievous next prank. She sees Tyson get yelled at and laughed at behind his brother Percy Jackson's back because of his massive size and clumsiness. She sees Luke Castellan, football captain, watching Thalia Grace, resident rebel, with an intrigued look in his eye. And sometimes she watches back. She hears Lacey, sweet innocent Lacey, getting cat-called as she walks to class. Sometimes Lacey can't even get to the bathroom before she's crying. She sees the school tough girl Clarisse La Rue talking to a tall semi-scrawny kid from the school's tennis team named Chris Rodriguez. She sees people snatching Rachel Elizabeth Dare's sketchbooks and pouring water on them or ripping them up right in front of her as Rachel tries not to cry. She even sees the lecherous looks coming from boys in all grades directed at her and it makes her sick. And even more-so she sees Drew screaming at and laughing at Lacey and Lou Ellen. She even catches Drew and Dylan, supposed boyfriend and best friend, making goo-goo eyes at each other. Something sick settles itself in Piper's stomach. What was she? Jason remembers every word said by Piper and himself in their fight. He called her a fake. She called him a suck-up. He called her a vindictive bitch. She called him a bastard. (That one kind of hurt because he was born out of wedlock, as was Thalia). He called her a spoiled brat. She called him a complete asshole. Perhaps they were both a bit out of line. Jason wants to apologize, but can never muster the courage. She's always surrounded by her little posse. He's started becoming more conscious of his friends. Percy and Annabeth are so in love it's sickening. He knows Percy wants to propose the day they step out of the school. He knows Annabeth will say yes. The only thing stopping them from fucking each other's brains out that very second is Annabeth's strict 'no sex until marriage' policy. Frank and Hazel are nauseatingly adorable. They hold hands and whisper all through lunch. Hazel laughs at every adorable thing Frank does, and Frank can't keep his eyes off her. They're juniors, but they're one of the most perfectly matched couples in the history of, well, ever, Jason thinks. Leo spends meal after meal, glancing at his phone with a little uncharacteristic smile on his face. His fingers gently tap at the table, but it's nothing compared to his normal ADHD behavior. Jason knows it's his girl. Leo's told him her name is Calypso. She goes to some school back west and Leo's going to college with her as soon as they graduate. Reyna pretends to make it all about Jason, but really, she sees opportunity, money, and popularity in their relationship. She's with Matt behind his back for a fuck here and there, but it's not like Jason will ever care. He doesn't even like Reyna. One Friday Piper comes home and throws herself onto her bed. She rolls onto her back and blinks away tears that shouldn't be there. Today was hard. She saw some random guy smack Bianca's ass before shoving her into a locker. Someone poured an entire venti coffee on Rachel's sketchbook. Some guys on Will's basketball team stole Nico's notebook and found Will's initials written in all the margins. Drew dug at Lou Ellen about Connor Stoll and then verbally slammed Katie Gardner right in front of Travis and Katie ran away crying. Half of Chris's friends circled Clarisse and told her to back off because she was a scary bitch who Chris hated. Drew again snapped at Lacey for being a wimp about the wolf whistles. Dylan stole Tyson's gym shirt and taunted the taller kid about the nasty scars on his back. Dylan even asked Luke why the fuck he was checking out the goth freak. Piper washes her face with warm water, but still can't get any of it out of her head. It's like someone just flipped her whole world on it head. Being popular and perfect didn't make her happy anymore. Instead, now she just watches people tear each other's lives apart. When her dad pops in to tell her some potentially unsettling news, Piper is actually relieved. Jason Grace is really the only one she thinks of, and she knows he deserves more than some shallow girl like her. So she makes her plans. And it will be one hell of a show.