Disclaimer: All characters, situations and contexts are derived initially from Rick Riodran's Percy Jackson Series - primarily The Blood of Olympus and The Trials of Apollo. Again (seriously?), I do not make any profits or benefits from this work save for the sheer enjoyment of about one of my favourite pairings. A/N: This story is the SEQUEL of 'The Error Of His Ways'. I guess it could probably be read as a stand alone but... up to you. It sort of acts as an intermission between the first installment and the story that follows - yes, I've written another one because I'm obsessed. Both the light, fluffy and superficial and the sort of deeper, more integral parts of the building of a relationship is included. Be prepared both for said fluffiness and explicit scenes, the latter of which, really, is only on one chapter. If it doesn't agree with you, then you could probably skip it :) Chapter 1: First Games or How Will Solace created a monster. "At least do me the favour of giving it a try." "Why should I? I'm perfectly happy with the ones that I play. I don't need any new ones." "Oh, so Risk was one of yours, then? From eighty years ago? And Dominion , and Carcassonne , and Monopoly , even." "That's not the same –" "What about Blackjack , or Poker , or Spades ? You'd never played any of them before either." Nico scowled in a way that always made Will smile, becoming the dark little cloud of grumbling shadow in the middle of the Apollo cabin. Will couldn't help himself, despite knowing that it baffled Nico to the point of frustration. Or maybe it was because he knew it did. There was something just so amusing about watching Nico scowl, or shoot daggers at people with his eyes, glaring menacingly in a way that would have slaughtered half of the camp if looks could kill. Did that make Will a little bit twisted, that he thought that way? Maybe. Just a little. Folding his arms, Nico pursed his lips and narrowed his eyes. "For your information, Poker and Blackjack were around when I was born. I'm not that old." Will shrugged. "Yeah, but you'd never played them before, right?" "That's irrelevant." "Oh, I think it's very relevant, actually. Really, Nico, why are you digging your heels in so much with this? Scared you'll lose?" Will knew he'd taken his taunts one step too far when Nico's eyes drooped from a glare into a deceptively nonchalant hooded stare. The rest of the demigods of Apollo, chattering excitedly as they collected every known gaming device and accompanying games, fell watchfully silent as though they sensed the growing cloud. From his periphery – for Will didn't dare blink away from Nico's gaze; he'd probably make a lunge for his throat at the barest glimmer of distraction – Will could see a mixture of wariness, amusement and eagerness. As though they knew what was coming and looked forward to it. "Are you challenging my capabilities, Will?" Nico asked. His voice was low, devoid of any amusement as though he was genuinely insulted by Will's suggesting. Keeping it casual, Will shrugged. "That depends. Are you too chicken to try?" The very air seemed to grow darker around Nico. Few would perhaps guess from the surly nonchalance he approached most things – even if he was getting better with his attempts at neutrality if not so much positivity – but Nico was fiercely competitive when it came to games. Closet competitive, until Will managed to draw him from that secretiveness and fling him into the open. Sometimes he wondered if it was such a good thing, even if it did mean that more often than not the team Nico was on for Capture the Flag – Will's team, obviously – would win. With a jerk of his chin towards the wide television screen, turning with a speed that caused several children of Apollo to flinch and Fionn to fall bodily off the couch, Nico's face became deceptively blank. "Fine, then. Bring it on, stupid Quack." Will barely even twitched at the derogatory nickname that Nico had adopted for him. He was distracted by the flurry of movement that abruptly erupted around him. As though Nico's words were a trigger invoking action, every member of the Apollo cabin present, of which was a large majority of their total number, leapt into action. Curtains were drawn across the windows to create an ambiance of focused intensity, the surround sound speakers plugged in and consoles hefted from their recharging stations. Chairs were drawn and cushions tossed onto the floor for where seating was scarce, and somewhere at the back of the cabin Will could make out the distinctive sound of jelly beans being poured into a bowl. Grin widening, almost painfully when Nico turned his hooded, accusing stare upon him, he stepped up to his side, looping an arm around his neck – which Nico naturally tried to shrug off – and drew him towards the arrangement of couches. They seated themselves as their fellow demigods assembled the setting to the greatest ideal; Will was usually the sort of person who would be on his feet and attempting to help his half-siblings with whatever they were doing, but someone had to make sure Nico didn't act out in snarling aggression. Besides, it was his prerogative as the cabin counsellor to sit and order other people to work, a right Will rarely invoked. The members of Apollo's cabin didn't begrudge him assigning tasks. Far from it, they jumped to work with enthusiasm and eagerness. Since the moment that Will had let slip that he was finally going to introduce Nico to the world of gaming – Nico didn't have a choice, he was going to learn even rudimentarily – a flock of grinning siblings had practically lived in his shadow. Not only because they largely enjoyed watching Will be verbally beaten to a pulp – which had only actually really happened once – but because the children of Apollo had taken to Nico over the past months like fish to water. He was their pseudo-member, their dark little mascot and a communally acknowledged honorary child of Apollo, though no one dared to speak as much aloud for fear that Nico would hear them and growl accusingly at such coddling. They doted upon him, each in their own particular ways, but every demigod at Camp Half-Blood lived in fear of the moment Nico snapped and unleashed a legion of dead warrior upon them. He hadn't done yet, but, as Tyler the resident Athena-mimic of cabin seven liked to claim, there was still time. Kayla dropped down onto the couch beside Nico and handed him a controller which he resisted taking for a moment before taking gingerly. Somehow – Will didn't know how he managed – he made it look awkward to simply hold. "Don't worry, it won't bite," Kayla said with a grin. "I'm not worried it's going to bite. It's a bloody gaming controller." "You look tense, Nico," Austin said, plopping himself down on Will's other side. He graciously offered his bowl of candy for the picking. "Have a jelly bean. Calms the nerves." "I'm not nervous either. I told you, it's just a bloody game." "And the day that you sincerely mean "it's just a game" is the day that pigs will fly," Will grinned, jostling Nico slightly. He received a scowl for his efforts. Evidently, Nico was not in the mood. The rest of the children of Apollo scattered themselves around the television, half a dozen holding controllers while the rest fidgeted and rearranged pillows, handed around bowls of jelly beans and popcorn that had come from Gods knew where. Wesley was the one who fired up the screen and a blast of synthesised music blared with the appearance of the start menu, loud enough to make Fionn topple off her seat again. Nico raised an eyebrow at the screen. "Mario Kart? Seriously?" "Figured we'd just start off with the classics, the oldies but the goodies. Something easier," Wesley explained. Sadly enough, he did so without glancing in Nico's direction so failed to see the dangerous shadow flash across his face. "Easy?" "Not 'easy'," Will hastened to assure him. He didn't want Wesley pulverised for his carelessness. "Just easi er ." He waved an expansive hand as Nico turned his sceptically raised eyebrow towards him. "You know, not so structurally complex. Not like an RPG or button-masher that usually has more bulk and plotline going on. Or takes more practice." "Are you belittling me?" Nico asked flatly. "Of course not, Death Kid. Never." "Don't call me Death Kid." Will only grinned in reply as he accepted the controller that Kayla handed him. Or perhaps forsook to him with an expression of "rather you than me" clearly writ across her face. He nodded towards Wesley as the younger boy, hands grasping his own controller, turned to him expectantly. "Whenever you're ready, Wes." He spared a glance for Nico as he deliberately ignored Kayla explanation as to which buttons to use for what. Nico stared at him with slowly blinking eyes. "I don't know why you're so keen for me to do this. You're the one who always calls me a techno retard." "I am," Will nodded. "And as the one who accuses you of such I feel duty-bound to try and fix your incompetency." "I'm…incompetent." "With computers? Definitely." Will chose to ignore the cold accusation in Nico's stare. No, he wasn't in the mood at all. "And in the twenty-first century, Nico, that's not something that any self-respecting teenager should be." Nico frowned. He dropped his gaze down to the controller and tentatively pressed at each of the buttons. "It seems kind of flimsy." "Flimsy? What do you –?" "Like if I happened to whack someone over the head with it then it might break." Will snorted. "You'd never actually whack someone. You're all bark and no bite, Nico. Everyone knows it." Nico shot him a glare, thumb giving a pointed flick at the joystick. "Don't tempt me to remedy that fact." Will laughed but otherwise didn't reply. He didn't really get a chance, for in that moment he lost himself into choosing players and throwing himself into the focus of simulated racing. The cheering of the Apollo members as they egged onward the four players engaged in the first round renewed his grin, almost as much as lapping Nico for the second time did. He didn't feel all that guilty for throwing his boyfriend under the bus. Not in this instance. Will figured that he may as well make the most of it for, technologically incompetent as he might now be, Will knew for a fact that sheer pride and competitiveness wouldn't allow Nico to remain as such for long. Will quickly came to the realisation that he'd created a monster. It hadn't taken Nico a day to grow accustomed to the basic game of Mario Kart. It hadn't even taken him an hour. Three games. Three games was all it took and he begun to beat his fellow racers. It didn't matter that he'd never played a computer game before, nor that he cringed slightly at even the thought of receiving a phone call. Technologically incompetent he may be, but his stubbornness to admit defeat, or to even let anyone beat him, quickly overrode the discrepancy between his skill level and those of the Apollo demigods. By the end of the day, he'd beaten them all. It seemed to have opened up a channel of unexplored wonder for Nico. Will hadn't exactly intended for that to happen – oh, he wanted Nico to learn how to use a computer, to feel comfortable with exploring the internet and to be able to make a phone call when safe to do so without exploding the device in his