Disclaimer - I own nothing you recognise. AN - This is a style that I don't indulge myself with very often, but I enjoy it occasionally. I hope you enjoy it too. There are no real warnings on this one, except for one for language, because I tend to drop the F-bomb a little more than is child friendly. I can't do it at home... gotta do it somewhere :P Also, I have a question that I'm hoping ya'll can help with. I have 14 BellaJasper fics, 7 BellaPaul fics, 3 BellaCarlisle fics, and a few other bits and bobs, on my laptop. They're all incomplete, but I add more to them all the time. Would people rather I finish a story before I post it, or should I start posting what I have and then just update sporadically, as and what a chapter is complete? What works best? Thoughts? For now though, enjoy the story, and please let me know what you think :) Almost A Fairytale Hey! Yes, you there! Stop looking at your screen like you've gone mad. I'm really talking to you. I'm sure you're wondering what the hell is going on right now, but I'd like to put your mind at ease. I'm just here to tell you a story. A love story… sort of. I'm the keeper of the stories, and let me tell ya, this one's a doozy! Around here, most of the stories start with once upon a time and end with happily ever after, but in real life… well, not so much. Not that nobody ever gets a happy ever after, but life just isn't that simple. Let's be honest; nobody ever lost a glass slipper and found a prince outside of Cinderella. So, we'll start our story with a young woman, and a young man. Sounds simple, right? Except the woman is still healing from her vampire boyfriend's abandonment, and our young man is barely out of the teenage werewolf stage. It's going to be a bumpy ride… "Why the hell are you pushing me so hard on this, Jake?" Bella asked, huffing as she shuffled around her tiny apartment, straightening the already straight cushions and wiping away imaginary dirt. "Because he's miserable without you around," Jacob replied with a sigh. "And I know that you're not much happier being away from him." "I'm doing just fine," she snapped. "I don't need him in my life, and I'm sure as hell not going to force my presence on him when he made it perfectly clear that he doesn't want me!" "He knows he messed up, Bells. Just give him a chance." "If he wanted a chance that much, Jacob, he has my phone number. And he knows where I live. He could have come himself instead of sending you as a messenger pigeon." "Messenger wolf," Jake corrected idly. "And you're right. But… Please, Bells? It's just a bonfire, and you used to come to them all the time." "Until he ruined everything with his fucking imprint," she grumbled. "Stupid wolfy gene bollocks." Jake snorted. "You know, most people consider imprinting a gift from the gods." She nodded. "Yeah, but they didn't get stuck with a jackass Alpha who's got his head stuck so far up his ass he'll need an operation to remove it." "Will you come to the bonfire?" Sighing, she nodded. "I suppose so." He grinned. "Thanks Bells… You got any food?" Let me jump in for a moment. I know, I know, I'm irritating you, you wanna go back to the story and so on. I just want to explain something. Bella moved to Forks when she was seventeen and almost immediately got into a romantic relationship with Edward Cullen, a teen vampire. She was in love and thought she would be with him forever. When he broke up with her, Bella didn't take it too well. Sam Uley, Wolf Alpha, found her in the woods, and took her home. It wasn't until later, after Bella had discovered the pack secret, that their eyes actually met and Sam imprinted on her. See, imprinting is how a wolf finds their soulmate. Jared and Paul had both found their own soulmates and it was all hunky dory, instant lust with the love making it's own appearance a short time later. Sam tried to deny the imprint. In all his wisdom, he managed to hurt the imprint. Not break it, because only death could break the connection, but by staying as far from Bella as possible, and dismissing her when he did come into contact with her, he damaged the bond. Sam's an idiot. It's been a year since then, and let me tell you, it's been a miserable year for both of them. Bella started college in Port Angeles and got her own apartment in Forks, not wanting to be too far from her father. Sam continued his Alpha duties and worked himself harder than he should have on the construction sites he was contracted too. Anything to take their minds off each other. Enter Jacob, our figurative fairy god-wolf, who is trying to fix things for his friends, and that's where we're up to. Damn, I forgot how difficult it was to tell stories… Shall we continue? "We're here, Bells," Jacob murmured, nudging Bella slightly. She rolled her eyes. "I can see that," she replied, nodding her head at the window. "So why are you not getting out of the car?" "Because this was a bad idea," she replied, wrinkling her nose delicately. Jacob shook his head. "It wasn't. The guys miss you. Come on, Paul's been waiting to see you for weeks." Bella's lips tilted against her wishes when she heard that. Slipping the seat belt off, she opened her door and stepped out of the car, wrapping her arms around herself to protect against the cold. "You want my jacket?" Jake offered, moving to slide it off his shoulders. "You know that will cause problems," she replied quietly. "It's not worth the drama." Jake nodded looking sheepish. Instead, he wrapped his arm around her shoulders and led her to the beach. "Oh! Look who showed up!" Jared called, a wide smile on his face. He moved across the sand quickly, scooping her up in a hug. "How are you, Shorty?" he asked, burying his face in her neck. "We missed you." "I'm fine, Jellybean," she replied, chuckling when he huffed at her. "I missed you too." "You should come see us more often," he complained as he set her gently back on her feet. "I have studying to do," she murmured, though they both knew that wasn't the real reason she'd stopped visiting La Push. "Besides, ya'll know where I live." "Only one at a time fits into that teeny tiny apartment of yours," he replied, ruffling her hair. She snorted. "It's not that bloody small!" Arms around her waist made her squeak, and she found herself being lifted and spun around in a circle. "Hey, Kitten." A kiss was pressed to her temple as her attacker turned her to look at him and she was suddenly in a tight embrace, her face pressed into the comforting scent of her big brother from another mother. "I missed you, Paul." "I missed you too, Kitten," he assured her, squeezing her briefly before he put her down. Keeping his arm around her shoulders, he led her towards the fire, where the flames flickered, warm and inviting in the biting night air. "He's here, you know," he whispered in her ear, turning her slightly so she could see him. Bella turned away, looking up at Paul. "I knew he was here as soon as I got out of the car," she told him. "I can feel him whenever he's near." Paul shook his head sadly. "He's being an asshole." "He's your Alpha, Paul," she replied warningly. Paul shrugged. "Don't care. What's he going to do, order me to not tell the truth?" "I could always order you to keep your mouth shut altogether," Sam growled as he approached the fire, though his eyes were on Bella. "Isabella. I didn't know you were coming." "Jake fetched me," she replied, refusing to drop her eyes from his intimidating gaze. She refused to give him that power over her, though the temptation to submit to him was almost overwhelming. Paul stiffened beside her, but she gripped his shirt tightly, a silent warning to hold his tongue and his temper. "You've been missed," Sam told her, his eyes narrowing slightly. "Not a day goes by that I don't hear one of my wolves or their mates lamenting the lack of your presence on the reservation. You've had quite the effect." Bella looked up at Paul and smiled, noticing how his eyes softened when they met hers. "I missed them too," she said, returning her gaze to Sam. "But it's difficult to be here at the moment. I'm never completely sure of my welcome." "Please," Paul said, stroking her cheek with his knuckles. "You're always welcome here, baby-girl. Hell, my Emily would move you in tomorrow." Bella snorted. "Where is she, anyway? She's normally attacked me for being too thin by now." "She'll be here soon. Quil, Embry and Seth are gathering up the last of the food for her." A low growl forced Bella to snap her head around to Sam. He was glaring at Paul, a slight tremble running through him. She felt a brief shiver of fear but shook it off. She would not allow him to frighten her. He had no right. "Give us a minute, Paul," she murmured. "You sure?" "I'll be fine," she assured him, and he nodded, glancing back at Sam for a moment before he kissed her temple and loped off, moving to where Jared and Jacob were watching carefully from a distance. "Why do you do that?" she asked Sam, as he took a step closer to her. "You've made it abundantly clear that you have no wish to be near me, and yet, if the others so much as look at me with affection, you growl and snarl at them like they've just attempted to steal the crown jewels." "You are mine, Isabella. The sooner you understand that, the better." "I am not yours," she refuted, glaring at him. "I am my own damn person, and I won't let you treat me like a possession to be abused whenever you damn well feel like it." His eyes flashed and he took another step towards her. They were in reaching distance now, and she wanted to lift her hand, to run it through his hair, to caress his cheek and show him the love that he clearly desperately needed. She didn't. She remained frozen in place, her hands clenched into tight fists by her sides. He took in a deep breath and seemed to relax slightly, taking another, smaller step towards her. He lifted a large hand, and with surprising tenderness, cupped the side of her face. She couldn't help her reaction to him, and she leant into his touch, her head tilting as she pressed her cheek against his palm. "You soothe me like nothing I've ever known," he murmured, his words almost too low to hear. "I've come to the realisation that I need you, Isabella. From what I've seen in Jacob's mind, the feeling is mutual. You've been suffering my absence." It wasn't a question. She was irritated that Jacob had shown her vulnerability to the man who'd made her that way in the first place, but she also knew that she couldn't really blame him. The pack-mind was inescapable. "You don't need me," she whispered, forcing herself away from his touch. She took two steps back, and paused. "You need the presence of your imprint, and I'll give you that. I'll come to more pack gatherings and start spending more time on the reservation." "You are my imprint," he replied, frowning.