You Said You Love Me; I Know Now That's A Lie A/N: One shot, Set in New Moon when The Cullens left Bella. Alice/Bella pairing. Please read & review! :) BPOV *email* To: Ali_bear From: Bella_bear Subject: Numb It's been 14 days, 16 hours and 27 seconds since your family left. Since you left. I feel numb Alice. I've tried writing to you but the emails aren't going through. You've probably stopped everything and changed your names. You've all probably already forgotten about me, but I'll never forget about you or your family. I feel so numb Alice. Ever since you left, I can't feel anything. I need you, I miss you, I love you. Yours, Bella Xxx Sending Failure appeared on the screen yet again. I can't believe she wouldn't let me have a way of contact with her at all. "It'll be as if I never existed" her words played and played in my head. It was true though, they left no trace of their existence. No photo's, addresses, numbers, anything. I went and curled up in bed, when I slept (if I slept) it was my most 'normal' time. No pain, no feelings, no thinking. I shut my eyes and waited for the tiredness to take over me. I'm running through the forest, trying my best not to fall over. I can see a young woman running, I chase after her. "Hey! Wait up! What's wrong!" she turns around at the sound of my voice. "Alice" my breath hitches and suddenly she has disappeared. "Alice!" I call out, I start running as fast as my body can allow me. I need to catch up to her. Where is she going? "Alice! ALICE! Wait! Please!" I shout and plead into the dark night. Tears run down my face. No! She can't get away! Not again. "ALICE!" "Bella! Bells wake up." my eyes open and my heart hurts as I realise it's Charlie who is in my view. The tears are still flowing from my eyes. "Bells, this isn't healthy for you" Charlie has been waking me up for the past two weeks from nightmares. He saw first hand how much them leaving me had hurt. He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me into a hug, which was unusual for Charlie. "Bella, I think it's time you went back to live with your Mum and Phil for a bit. Maybe a change of scenery will help with these nightmares." I knew that no matter where I went, I would still suffer as much as I am now. Nothing can fill the empty hole that is now permanently inside me. "No Dad, I'm feeling a bit better. Honestly, there's no need for me to move." but in all honesty, I wasn't getting any better, I was trying to hang on to every piece of them that was left. Charlie pulled me a questioning look. "Bella, you haven't moved out of this room in two weeks, I haven't seen you eat anything really, you're not seeing any of your friends and you're not even going to school" I winced at the thought of school. Alice sat next to me in every lesson and then there was their table in the canteen. "I'm going back to school on Monday and I was going to give Jacob a call and see what his plans for tomorrow was." Charlie wasn't really buying the school thing, but I got his full attention when I mentioned Jacob. "I think that seeing Jacob would be a good idea darling. You two used to hang out all the time." I nodded at him. "I promise I'll call him first thing. Just please, let me stay here with you" I could see the pain of the decision in Charlie's face. "Alright Bells, as long as you get yourself sorted. I just want what is best for you, you know that right?" I nodded at Charlie. He kissed my forehead. "Try to get a good nights sleep, I love you Bells" "love you too Dad" *So what we get drunk, so what we smoke weed, we're just having fun, we don't care who sees, so what we go out, that's how it's supposed to be, living young and wild and free" (8) Urgh! I turned my alarm off and rolled over. Wait, I turned my alarm off, which means that I slept. My hands darted to my face. Dry. I actually slept, no more tears or nightmares. I jumped in the shower, skipping breakfast and just making a cup of tea. I went to the phone and dialled Jacobs number. "Hello" "Hey Billy, it's, um, it's Bella Swan" "oh hey Bella! How're you?" "Not too bad thanks Billy, I was just wondering if Jacob's about at all?" Billy put Jacob on the phone without any hesitation. He and Charlie must have been talking. "Hey Bella! Where you been at? I missed you." "I missed you too Jacob. Hey, erm I know it's short notice and everything, but are you busy today?" I hoped for him to say no. I needed to distract my mind today. "Not really no, just fixing a few things in my garage. You coming round?" "Yeah if I won't be in your way?" "Don't be stupid Bells. Come over whenever you're ready." I set off to Jacobs and noticed the big garage door was open. I turned off the engine of my Chevvy truck and walked over. It seemed to have been so long since the last time I was out. "Hey Jake." he turned around within the second, throwing his wrench on the floor and run over to me and swept me up in a huge bear hug. "Bella! I missed you! You stopped eating?! You've got so thin" I turned my head away from him, embarrassed. "Come on anyways, you can check my new project out." we went into the garage and I noticed two motorbikes. One was a crosser and one was a superbike. "I've nearly finished fixing them up." "Can I help? You could teach me, if you've got time that is." I don't know where the sudden outburst had come from. I knew nothing about bikes, other than that they have a throttle, engine, clutch and brakes. "Sure, come on, you can help me with this." Jacob taught me how to change a wheel on the crosser, and the basics. I glanced at my phone and it was 6:30 pm "Shit, Jake I'm really sorry but I'm gonna have to go, Charlie will be back from work soon and I haven't made him anything for his tea." "Yeah it's okay Bells, just don't be a stranger yeah" I wrapped my arms around him. "I won't be. I promise" As soon as I got home I fired up my Mac laptop and checked my emails. As always, my heart sank when I realised that I hadn't recieved any from Alice or her family. To: Ali_bear From: Bella_bear Subject: Today was a good day... Hey Ali, Today was a good day today. Last night I only had one nightmare. As always, Charlie had to wake me up. You was running away from me and I couldn't catch up. No matter how fast I ran or how loud I shouted, you just disappeared. Charlie tried to get me to move. He wants me to go live with my Mum and Phil, to try and forget about you, but the truth is, you was the only love in my life and there will only ever be you in my life. To stop him from getting me to move I told him that I was thinking about going and seeing Jacob. It worked. I had a good day today, Jacob distracted me from everything going around in my mind. He is teaching me how to fix and do up motorbikes. I'm off to buy one tomorrow for us to fix up, then I'm gonna learn how to ride and gain a bit more freedom with the help of a motorcycle. I miss you terribly. You're always in my heart. I love you Ali. Bella Xxx I closed my emails off knowing that they wouldn't send and quickly went onto eBay searching for a cheap motorbike that needed doing up. Luckily I found one and it was available for pick up the next day. I placed my bid and waited. "Bells! I'm home!" SHIT! I had got so caught up in the bidding that I'd totally forgotten about Charlie's tea. "Dad I'm so sorry, I got so caught up on the laptop that I forgot to make you tea." "It's okay Bells, we'll eat out if you like?" I couldn't really stomach any food but I knew that Charlie wouldn't let it drop if I didn't eat anything. I agreed and we went to eat at the diner. APOV "Edward just FUCK OFF! Keep the fuck out of my mind and leave me alone! I'll do what the fuck I want to do! I want to go check up on Bella then I will!" "Alice, daughter, calm down please." "No! Have you heard what he's saying to me Carlisle! He is trying to tell me what I can and can't do! I'm struggling to see Bella's future! I need to know that she is okay! Please" why wouldn't anyone listen to me! Been away from Bella was driving me insane. I hated myself so much for leaving her, for saying what I said to her. It was the only way that she would let me leave. "Alice, I'm not saying to not go see her ever, just please, give it another week or so. Please Alice, for me" UGH! "Fine! One more week then I am going! Whether I loose you all as a family or not. I love her Carlisle and I can't let her suffer because of what we are. I would rather die a thousand deaths than just leave her like that again, without a full honest explanation and knowing that I was against it and that it was because of that bastard there" I hissed and glared at Edward. He knew exactly what he was doing that day. The bastard couldn't handle the fact that I was planning on telling Bella exactly how I felt about her, how much I was in love with her and he had to go and kill off a few humans! I hated that bastard. BPOV It was 6:30am when I woke up. The sun trying to shine through the thick layer of cloud that was permanently hovered over Forks. I changed my clothes and set off to pick the motorbike up. "It needs some serious work on it before it'll be able to run properly. Are you sure you're okay with this?" "Yeah my best friend is a mechanic and he's teaching me how to re-build bikes. Are you sure that you don't want any money for it?" the guy had changed his mind once I reached his house. He was only asking for $60 for the bike to begin with, but he ended up giving me it for free. "Nope, she's all yours for free. I hope you get her running okay. Be safe." "I will, thank you." I drove off to Jakes with the bike covered on the bike of my truck. "Hey Bells! Bright and early!" Jake joked "Hey, I have a surprise for you, well it's for us, to do together." I took him over to my truck. "You ready?" I asked him and he nodded. I pulled back the cover and his face lit up. "Challenge accepted!" yes! "I have a surprise for you too Bells! Today is going to be your first riding lesson. Hope you're ready." I nodded. Holy shit. We put the two bikes on the back of my truck and headed out to the woods on the reservation. "Right hand is throttle and front brake, left