Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or anything associated with the series. Please don't sue. A/N: I didn't actually want to start a new story until I finished the other one I'm working on, but I'm finding that one difficult to finish. So, I decided to start this one, one that I've been planning to do for a while now. Let me set up a few things for this story though, so it won't confuse anyone. I'm changing laws. In this story people aren't stupid; so gay marriage is allowed and is completely equal to hetero marriage in all ways. Also, there are no vampires in this story; that's something I've never done before and typically I don't like it. But vampires can't get drunk and pass out… so no vampires or any other sort of supernatural creatures in this story. All human. The Cullen children are all still adopted by Carlisle and Esme. Carlisle and Esme are older than what they are in canon (human wise of when they were turned), and some of the couples are still the same. Rosalie and Emmett are not together. I also slightly changed some other things, nothing drastic. Also, about Rosalie. To me, she seems like someone who would go after what she wants whole heartedly and not stop until she gets it. No offense to anyone but it annoys me when I read a story where Rosalie finds out Bella is her mate and then runs away. I just don't see Rosalie Hale running from anything. She didn't in canon when she found Emmett bleeding to death and was more than willing to have him changed. I picture Rosalie strong willed and not afraid of her feelings. Last thing, and sorry for the A/N being so long but I just want to make sure there is as little confusion about the story as possible, but as for the main pairing it is Bella/Rosalie and will not change. Rosella from the beginning all the way through the end… even though there will be some Bella/Edward moments, he will end up alone. Because I still don't like Edward. The first thing I noticed when I woke up was how hard it actually was to wake up. I would never say I'm a morning person but I didn't typically have this much difficulty with waking up in the morning. But at the moment, I could have cried with how much I didn't want to wake up. I couldn't even get my eyes to open because I was sure it was much too bright in the room and I just knew my eyes, or my head, wouldn't like it. The next thing I recognized was the killer hang-over I was experiencing. This was my first hang-over ever and I never wanted to have another one ever again. The fact my head was pounding along to an unknown beat that was the fastest and loudest I had every felt, just solidified the fact that I knew I wouldn't like to open my eyes and face the light. What a way to wake up after my 21st birthday party: with a hangover and a killer headache. Although it wasn't so much a party as it was going to every bar Las Vegas had to offer that caught our attention and looked like fun. I had never drank alcohol before since my dad was the Police Chief of our small town and he had made sure I was raised with a nice respect of the law. Meaning, if I was caught doing anything he would 'accidently' make it somehow worse for me because he expected better of me; he expected me to know right from wrong and to do the right thing. I wouldn't say I was a 'goody two-shoes' because of it but I definitely wasn't one to break the law. I just saw no point in breaking the law and then having to spend time in jail. So when I turned twenty-one, a group of my friends, all of which were annoyingly older than me, decided to welcome me to the world of drinking by taking me to Las Vegas for a long weekend of drinking. Thankfully we had a few weeks before school started and I was unemployed thanks to my best friend being spoiled and having parents that paid for our apartment and expenses for said apartment, I didn't have to bother taking time off from school or work for my birthday. My group of closest friends, all of which had been adopted into the same family by odd and very sad circumstances, had made sure I had the best birthday weekend possible. We had paid for two rooms for the two couples and another room for the two single people. Although Rosalie ended up getting that room to herself since she used her own funds she had inherited from her parents. Emmett ended up with Jasper and Alice. The couple didn't mind since Alice had ended up being too drunk to do any 'adult activities' when they finally got to their room; she was much too tired, like the rest of us, to do anything. For the last night in Vegas, we went all out. It hadn't taken long for me to get so drunk that the last thing I remembered was thinking we still had a lot of time until we had to get back to our hotel for sleep and that I was excited to get to the next bar. After that, I'm waking up with a killer headache and all I wanted was for it to stop. I lazily stretched into a sitting position and it was then I realized a few more, very important, things. The first, the one that didn't scare me the most, was that I could hear a shower going in the bathroom. It was hearing that, that made me realize I wasn't in my room. I was in Rosalie's room, which initially wasn't a bad thing since we were best friends. I knew it was Rosalie's room because I had spent a lot of time in it while I waited for her to get ready for us to go out. I wasn't worried about hearing Rose in the shower, we did live together and I always heard when she took a shower. What I was worried about was the next thing I realized: I was naked. Literally naked. The only thing covering me was the thin sheet from the bed. The realization of my state of undress only helped to worsen my headache. As much as I wanted to crawl further under the thicker blankets that were mostly on the floor, I really didn't want to be here when Rose walked out of the shower. We may be best friends, but I had never once woken up naked in her bed. I had woken up in her bed when I used to sleep over at her house all the time as we were growing up but this was entirely different. We were adults and being naked in my best friends' bed wasn't a thing adult friends normally do. As fast as my hangover induced headache would let me, I crawled out of bed and started to look for my clothes. I wanted to quickly get dressed and sneak back in mine and Edwards's room that was just a few floors below. Rose had wanted the suite because according to her, she was in Vegas for the first time and she wanted it to be the best experience she could get. Now though, I was hating that she had such a large room. It had taken several minutes for me to find my clothes; which threw me off because I had no idea why my clothes would have been so spread apart. I had raced around the room and tossed my clothes on the bed in an effort to find all the clothes as fast as possible. I was still missing my bra and a sock by the time I heard the shower turn off and I mentally cursed my bad luck. I had just barely started to put on my panties when the door opened and Rose started to walk out of the room in the robe she had brought with her because, as she claimed, the hotel robes were never good enough for her to wear. In an effort to not have her see me naked, which something told me she already had, I tried to both finish putting on my panties and sit on the bed so I could grab the sheet to cover me. Needless to say, in my panic to do two things that can't really be done at the same time, I fell. Naturally, since I was already in an embarrassing situation, I didn't just fall on the bed. I fell on the floor. The one saving grace was that I at least had the bed in between me and Rose. "I thought you had grown out of that clumsy phase Bells?" Rose teased as I heard her walk to a chair that would thankfully still leave the bed in between me and Rose. "Um, yeah." I said, not knowing what else I could say. I knew what I wanted to say, but I didn't know how to say it. Which was odd because I had never had problems talking with Rose in the past. "How bad is your hangover?" Rose asked as she started to put lotion on her legs; something I knew she did after every shower or bath. "There is no way you don't have one right now." She teased and I'm sure she had a teasing smirk on her face. "Um, it's not that bad." I lied as I looked at my clothes and tried to figure out a way I could reach them while not letting Rose get a free show. "Well, I have Tylenol in my purse if you want some." Rose kindly offered as she continued to put lotion on herself. "Um, sure." I answered, not really paying attention to the conversation. My shirt was just close enough to me that I could reach it and then I would put it on. Then with my shirt on, I could grab my other clothes that had fallen farther up the bed and not give Rose a show. I reached my left hand out and was just about to grab my shirt when something on my hand caught my attention. I was never one to wear jewelry, so the fact I was wearing something was strange. Looking closer at it, I felt my heart rate pick up speed as I realized what it was. I plopped back down on the floor and stared at the gold ring on my left ring finger. No way. There's no way. The first thought that came to me was that I had drunkenly married Edward. Unfortunately, it wouldn't surprise me. Edward had been pushing for us to get married recently but I kept saying I wanted to finish my bachelors' degree, possibly going straight into getting my masters, before I even thought about getting married. He didn't want to wait. He didn't see the point in waiting when we were so sure that we would end up happily married someday. But I wanted to get all my schooling done and get set in my career before I settled down and got married. I knew once we were married he would want to start a family and I didn't want that. At least not right away. I wanted to get a good handle on my career before I even thought about starting a family. So I kept pushing off getting married or anything related to it. I should have expected he would get us drunk enough and then get us married so it was done and his plan to becoming the perfect family with 2.5 kids and a white picket