Four years, a failed marriage, and a little boy later, DaddyWard and MomElla live life in comfortable companionship for their son. It gets complicated when Edward realizes he wants more than a friend and ex-wife in Bella. Back with a new story, hope you guys like it! I do love me a good DaddyWard… I have about half of this story written so far, and hope to do regular updates every couple of days. "Miss Swan?" Aro's gritty voice summons over my cheap intercom. "Miss Swan?" Taking a deep breath I hit the 'talk' button on the system. "Yes Mr. Volturi?" "Have you finished sorting through the Royce King case?" Fuck. I hesitate. "N-Not yet, Mr. Volturi." My eyes shut involuntarily in anticipation of the tirade that is sure to come. "In fact…" I rustle through the mounds of papers piling up on my desk, "I'm working on it right now." I grin as my fingers grasp the manila folder. Silence on the other line. "Mr. Volturi?" "Get it done, Miss Swan." The line clicks dead. Fucking do it yourself Aro . Get off your fat ass and sort your own goddamn case. "Hey Bella, if you wouldn't mind-" Angela, one of my closest friends and co-workers, stops in her tracks, eyeing my paper mountain. "Never mind." "What'd ya need?" leaning back, my archaic chair lets out a groan. Yeah I know buddy, I'll lay off the Klondikes . "Jasper's clients are here and I have no idea where he is." She straightens her glasses, looking frazzled. Angela truly is beautiful, in a 'sexy-librarian' kind of way with her lean body and long brown hair. She majored in accounting at UW, graduating three years ago. Her husband Ben absolutely adores her; in fact, it's quite sickening to watch the two of them together for any long period of time. "Have you tried calling him?" I ask, rocking back in my squeaky chair. She smirks. "Really, Bella? You think I haven't tried that?" She plops herself down on the edge of my desk. "I saw him talking to the new intern- you know, the blonde one? Anyway… I think he might be with her." "Doing the hanky-panky?" She shakes her head. "Well, she is nineteen." "So, legal?" she nods. "Fucking Jasper. He's gonna get his ass fired if he keeps this up." Jasper Whitlock. Famous ladies man. That boy's been chasing tail since we were in kindergarten and he had a crush on Stacy Malik. Of course, his agenda has changed over the year. Stacy got a worm in her milk from him while the girls now… they get a snake in their cave , if you know what I'm saying. My family moved to Forks when I was just four years old, and during the middle of the school year. Jazz was the first kid I saw when my dad dropped me off that first day. He sneezed on me and I kneed him in the balls. Needless to say, we've been best friends ever since. Anyway, point of the story being; when you can't find Jasper check dark corners and empty rooms. "I'll find him for you." I eye her carefully. "On one condition." "You and your conditions." Her eyes narrow. I hold Royce Kings file out to her. "Sort this out for Aro. You know how he likes his things… organized." I roll my eyes. What a joke- that man's office looks like Wal-Mart after black Friday. Ya' know… all messy and shit. She snatches it out of my hand, flipping through it, her eyes widening at just how much is in it. Mr. Royce is a bad, bad boy. "Fine. When you do find him, tell him that Mr. and Mrs. Newton are here to discuss their divorce papers." She gives me a quick hug, "See you tonight?" "Wouldn't miss it." I smile. It's her hubby's twenty-fifth, and he's getting a surprise party. "Awesome. I hope he's excited… you know how he is." Yes I do. He's painfully shy. It took him three years to finally get the guts to say 'hi' to Angela. Or so I hear; they were married by the time I met them. Married at the tender age of nineteen. "I'm sure he'll love it." I assure. Another hug and I'm off on my wild goosed chase. Or should I say, wild Jazz chase. Ha, I can see him all dressed up as a goose- like he did for Esme and Carlisle's Halloween party a few years back- with me in SWAT gear hunting him down. I approach his office quietly, Jaws music playing in a loop through my head. My head pokes around the corner, and… nothing. A quick glance to my right shows the blonde intern's desk vacant as well. He did always have a thing for jailbait. "Mrs. Cope, have you seen Jasper by any chance?" I ask out secretary as I pass. "No, dear. I haven't." She frowns. "I haven't seen Stephanie in awhile either." Ah yes, that's the intern's name. Stephanie. "You need to get that friend of yours in check. He's a nice boy, but he needs to learn to control his urges. This is a professional environment." I attempt a smile. Is there anyone in this office that doesn't know what a pig Jazz is? "I will tell him, Mrs. Cope." It takes me close to twenty minutes to search the whole building. And let me tell you, I'm pissed. If I wanted to play hide-and-seek, I'd do it at home with Masen, not with a twenty-six year old lawyer. "Miss Swan?" I shut the storage room door with a bang, my cheeks on fire. "Aro- I mean, . What are you doing on third floor?" I smile, hoping I don't look guilty. He smirks. "I could ask you the same thing." I clear my throat, the sound reverberating in the tight hallway. "I was just…" I wrench open the storage room again, grabbing the first thing I touch. "Looking for more of this." I hold up my finding, looking at it for the first time. "Toilet paper, Miss Swan?" I blush scarlet. "Yeah, um, the restroom next to my office is out." I lie, in what I hope is a smooth way. Of all the office supplies in the closet, I had to grab ass tissue? "Next time, just tell the cleaners." He cocks an eyebrow. "Get back to work Miss Swan, I need the King file on my desk before you leave tonight." "Yes sir. Have a nice weekend." I call after him, glaring at his back. I grimace at the toilet paper and chuck it back into the supply room, satisfied when I hear it thunk against the wall. Continuing in my search, I'm careful to avoid more unwanted confrontations. Thus, my current position hunched under a mahogany desk while Aro's brother, and co-owner of Volturi law, struts by me laughing with Melissa from marketing. "Shit," I curse, rubbing the spot on my head where it hit the underside of the desk. A noise behind me startles me, and I jump out of my hiding place, figuring being caught in the meeting room would be better than being caught under the desk of the meeting room. "Bella?" Jasper asks, squinting at me in the dim lighting. The giggling of his cohort ceases as she glances nervously between the two of us. "Bells, what are you doing-" I blow out a breath, a snort rising in my chest. "What am I doing? What am I doing? What are you doing?" I jab my finger at his chest, "Jasper, you're going to get yourself fucking fired! Is that what you want? Five years of law school flushed down the tubes for… for a fucking intern?" His smile is full of mirth. "Literally fucking intern." He snorts, throwing his arm around blondie- I mean Stephanie's - shoulders. "I won't get fired, because nobody'll know. Right sweetie?" She nods in acquiescence, starting slightly when Jasper pushes her toward the door. "Get back to work. And fix your hair." He watches her strut down the hall, a post-coital spring in her step, before shutting the meeting room door. I slump back into one of the posh leather chairs that probably cost more than I make in a year, watching Jasper carefully. I can feel the disappointment radiating off of me; I wonder if he can too? "You're upset," he prompts, breaking our silence. "No shit, Sherlock." He opens his arms, "What do you want me to do?" "Stop fucking around with interns. This is the third one this month." He shrugs. "Jasper, it's only the second week of the month." I let out a breath. "I'm sorry Bell-" "You're not sorry, Japer. I just spent a half hour searching the building for you. Meanwhile your clients have been sitting in your office for close to forty five minutes!" He blanches, "Shit, the Newtons." He lets out a string of curses and flings open the door, racing down the hall to the elevator. "I'm not done with you!" I call after him, attracting the attention of some of the cubicle-dwellers on the floor. "Just tell me what goes through your mind." I demand, holding the elevator doors open as he tries to close them on me. "What are you thinking when you do shit like this?" "I'm thinking that I'm a twenty-six year old man with a healthy sex drive. I'm thinking that I'm horny. Is that what you want to hear?" The doors ding open, but I stop him with a hand on his stiff suit collar. "You worked so hard for this position. You're Aro's crowning jewel- his best lawyer- but you're not invincible. One day he's going to find out what you've been doing; who you've been doing, if he hasn't already. Don't dip your pen in company ink ." I fight a smile as I say it, proud that I remembered that old saying at the perfect moment. We're silent for a moment until he nods in understanding. "I'll try, Bella." "You're my best friend, Jasper. I don't want you to be unhappy, and I know you will be if you lose this job." He pulls me in for a hug and I inhale deeply. You know how sometimes you can feel comforted just by a certain scent? Jasper's my comfort scent. He smells like… sunshine on a cloudy day, water in a drought, flowers in a dumpster. Okay, maybe the dumpster one is overdoing it. Point is; he's always been there for me, and being in his arms, smelling him… Its home. "You know Swan; your obsession with sniffing people is a little unnerving." He mumbles against my hair. I smirk. That's exactly what Edward used to say. "You love me." And that's exactly what I used to say. "I do. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a pair of very angry and sexually frustrated clients to attend to." And with a wink, he's gone. Yeah, that's not what Edward used to say. He said… well, there usually wasn't much talking . He let his body and his scorching stares talk for him. Fucking Edward. I almost went a whole hour without thinking of that bastard. Another of my best friends, but a bastard nonetheless. I sit on the couch between Rosalie and Angela, caught in the middle of their debate; Jimmy Choo or Louboutin. Personally, I have no want or need for six hundred dollar heels that'll likely kill me with their five-inch spike. Needless to say, I stay silent whilst sipping my Rum and Coke. "Bella." Rose prompts, sipping her apple juice. "Opinion?" On the outside, Rose seems like a stuck up bitch. Between her ex-Victoria's-Secret-model looks and her expensive fashion taste; she's like the epitome of snooty and rich all rolled into one five foot seven package with mile long legs. I must admit, the first time Emmett brought her