Author's Note: I started writing this in 2015 and am slowly working on it. I wasn't going to post until my other work was done but….. I had to. Anyway, I own no characters, all references to real people and places are made up and not real etcetera, etcetera. Enjoy and of course please leave a review. Prologue (Summer, 2015) The release of her breath comes simultaneous with the ping of the string, followed by the slight delay in the drop of the majestic stag standing by the edge of her favorite meadow. The collapse of the stag causes the remaining herd to panic and scatter into the surrounding woods where she has been hiding in wait most of the early morning. Rising before the sun to go hunting with her father is one of her favorite things to do, unfortunately she doesn't get to do it as often as she likes. But the Earl and Countess Hawthorne and his enormous brood are visiting the Royal House of Přemyslid, so they have traveled to the country palace of Veveří Castle in order to entertain the avid outdoorsman and his older sons. The colors of early morning swirling over the lake to her left catch her attention, beautiful , she sighs under her breath. This sanctuary has always been a balm for her soul, but the pressures she has been under lately have her mood weighed down even here. "Nice shot sweetheart" the gruff voice of her Uncle breaks her silent meditation as he walks up under the tree where she is perched. Shaking herself out of the balm that was her solitude, she gracefully begins to descend the tree releasing her hold on a lower branch allowing her body to plunge the remaining height where she lands with a graceful silent thump. "Yes, a perfect shot as always kitty" the melodious voice of her father reaches her as she walks towards her kill where her father is standing surrounded by the Earl John Hawthorne and his eldest two sons Gale and Rory. "Nice shot Catnip" Gale praises her although his tone holds a hint of sarcasm, earning a glower from her, a pointed stare from his father and a grunt of derision from her Uncle. Katniss smirks internally at his annoyance, she had seen him sight the buck with his cross bow, and so she had quickly nocked an arrow and hit the buck first, just to piss him off. The Earl Hawthorne lays a pointed stare at Gale. Then Rory, the Earl's second oldest child, addresses her in the appropriate manner, "You always shoot well, your Royal Highness". Katniss Elisabeth Anne Everdeen Přemyslid is the oldest child of Queen Lillian Anne Ottokar Přemyslid and her consort-King James Edward Richard Everdeen of the small European Country of Moravia. Moravia is situated to the west of the Czech Republic and had even belonged to the slightly larger country at different periods in history. Moravia finally regained its independence through the European court system after a long fought legal battle in 1964. Although small in size, Moravia is rich in natural resources, it is home to one of the only still producing diamond mines on European soil that are not even close to being mined out. In addition Moravian Diamonds are known throughout the world as having the highest quality stones with spectacular color, flawless beauty and incredible size and come in multiple colors. More importantly the diamonds came without the guilt associated with conflict diamonds or as they are more commonly called 'Blood Diamonds'. The Moravian mines are all owned by the Royal Family Přemyslid of Moravia. Moravia is governed and funded by the Royal family. A job in the Přemyslid Moravian Mine Company, or PMMC, is highly sought after in the mining industry. Safety standards are set and then surpassed by the PMMC making them the safest mines in the world. PMMC pays well too, from the lowliest janitor to a miner to the Chief Operating Officer; no one who worked at the mines went without basics. A small percentage of the profits went to support the Royal family since they owned the mines, but a large portion went to the population of Moravia. Moravia is a small country where the population is happy, well cared for and very content with being governed by an actual monarchy. A civil government would have actually fared worse for the population, since the Přemyslid family legally owned the mines. If the monarchy was dissolved PMMC would become a private company and the main source of income for the country would be tax based, effectively losing the income from the mine profits. The benevolence, generosity and fairness of the Přemyslid family in sharing their profits from PMMC were the reasons why the monarchy was beloved and respected by the population of Moravia. There has never been talk of dissolution of the monarchy since the Přemyslid family was returned to power after the long-fought battle to regain their country's independence. Before that, Moravia had been forced under the rule of the Czechoslovakia, although the Přemyslid family owned the mines. Though the royal family lost personal wealth by gaining independence for Moravia, the family believes the personal sacrifice is worth it for the health and wellness of their countrymen. The School System provides to all children in Moravia is considered excellent, so excellent that one of the boarding schools, or magnate school, takes students from other countries for a hefty fee, but is free for any Moravian child. All of the schools, whether boarding or local day school, provide for children from the Early Years Foundation Stage (ages 3–5) to primary education (ages 5–11) to secondary education (ages 11–18). All receive three healthy meals daily and on-site health and dental care (including orthodontics). Uniforms are required and are either provided or purchased based on the child's preference. Rarely is a child found hungry or poorly clothed in Moravia. Higher education, beyond secondary, includes several options: acceptance at one of the two Universities of Moravia, where again attendance is free if you are a Moravian citizen. Attendance at a trade school of your choosing, there are four in Moravia. The last option is attendance at a University in another country, where the country of Moravia will pick up part of the bill dependent on the income of the family. For example Gale Hawthorne attended Eaton College paid for entirely by his family, whereas Rue Johnson, the daughter of a maid in the Royal family's primary residence, Špilberk Castle, is attending Oxford University the tuition being paid entirely from the Moravian coffers. Katniss herself had attended Oxford University and graduated last year with a degree in international relations, a very fitting major for a girl who will one day rule a country. The running of Moravia also required a significant amount of business acumen besides political savvy, so Katniss has been discussing getting a business degree with her parents. "Whatever" Gale mumbles the word lowly that she barely catches it, but not only does she hear it but so does her Uncle Haymitch Richard Everdeen, Duke of Abernathy and Chief Operating Officer at PMMC. "Hey Broody" her Uncle shoots over at Gale calling him by the nickname that was bequeathed upon him by the tabloids. Gale is a highly eligible bachelor in Europe and was nicknamed 'the brooding lord' by the tabloids years ago, due to his serious nature paired with his dark looks. "I know you and sweetheart here have known each other since you were both in nappies. But ever since she turned 18 five years ago and was formally crowned 'Princess Royal of Mahren' it is proper to call her 'Your Royal Highness' in mixed company." Katniss snorts at this slightly, her Uncle never calls her 'Your Royal Highness', opting for his favorite nickname, sweetheart, which he bestowed upon her years ago in deference to her prickly nature. She bites back her sarcastic retort though, as the hunting staff is present, dressing her buck for transport back to the castle. Plus, she hates the nickname Gale gifted her with years ago, hates it. As far as she is concerned her oldest friends don't need to call her Your Royal Highness, she had a very serviceable name in Katniss. But Gale, although one of her oldest friends, is stubborn, a little snobbish and doesn't like to pay any deference to her (he was older than her dammit) therefore he refuses to call her anything but that stupid nickname he invented years earlier if he can help it. "Yes, Your Grace" Gale acknowledged as he addresses her Uncle. "I apologize for the slight in formalities, Your Majesty" he smiles deferentially turning to bow at her father. Her father then smiles at him and then turns to have a discussion with Lord Hawthorne not noticing that the appropriate apology for Katniss has yet to be proffered. James Everdeen had been a Duke before he became the Consort to the Crown when he married Lillian. Lillian had James crowned King a few years after they were married, the earliest she was allowed to as dictated by protocol. It is considered a great honor to crown the consort and has not always been done. James is the younger brother of her Uncle Haymitch and had been extremely fortunate to fall in love and have Lillian fall in love with him. The line of monarchy ran through Lillian, which is why James Everdeen took the Přemyslid name, as it will be when Katniss marries. Marriage is actually one of the reasons why the Hawthorne clan is visiting. If Gale Hawthorne the Eldest Son of the Earl Hawthorne of Moravia is considered one of European Nobility's most eligible bachelors, then Katniss is considered one of the top catches in the world. She is not only heiress to one of the world's largest personal fortunes, but the first in line to the throne in a country where Royalty is not considered titular. Just last month she had been visited by Prince Harry of England, even though he was years older than her and a notorious playboy. Queen Elizabeth called her mother requesting that Katniss and Harry meet to see if they were compatible for potential courting. So out he came to Moravia spending a month touring the countryside and getting to know Katniss and her family. Because when the Queen of England calls, titular though she may be, you answer. Katniss doesn't dislike Harry they had met several times in the past at social events; he was funny and super handsome. But he is more of a nightlife person then she is, although they both do enjoy outdoor sports. He left on affectionate terms, with promises to visit, but Katniss is sure that he isn't the one. As soon as the nobility of Moravia and the rest of Europe caught wind of the Prince of England's visit, calls were made for similar visits with eligible sons. Soon the tabloids were sporting headlines like 'Princess Window shopping the noble elite for next consort of Moravia!' This really isn't true; in fact Katniss is getting ready to go to back to University. Recently Katniss has been accepted at University of North Carolina in the school of Business. Her parents have agreed that while she was getting her MBA she can take classes in Landscape architecture to 'feed her soul' as her father puts it. So she has been getting ready to leave Moravia for UNC in North Carolina in the United States where she will live as Katniss Everdeen, normal student for three wonderful and hopefully anonymous years. In the meantime, every Tom, Dick and Harry with a title have been attempting to visit Moravia and gain audience with Katniss and her parents. Although, not all had been accepted. The Earl of Hawthorne has not been an exception. As soon as his wife, the Countess Hazelle, heard that Prince Harry had been calling on Katniss