James Sirius Remus Peter Lily Marlene Mary Alice Three Galleons says I can bribe Tynder into giving me an 'O'. That's the stupidest bet I've ever heard. What makes you think she'll take the bait? Oh, I'll just woo her with my powers of seduction. That's repulsive, Black. Lily-billy! How kind of you to join us! Call me that again and I'll shove your head down Myrtle's toilet. What's crawled up her arse and died? Maybe it's that time of the month. I'm surprised Black doesn't know. He knows the anatomy of a girl's body by heart. Marley, my friend! Don't even dare call me that again or I'll 'accidentally' push you off the Astronomy Tower. What is it with girls wanting desperately to murder me? Imagine the horror of the world if they are deprived of the most dashing man in the world! There are three things wrong with that last statement. Name one. Lily, would you do the honors? Gladly. I can't wait to hear this. I second that. Firstly, you, Sirius Black, are not a man. You are a teenage boy, and an obnoxious one at that. I'll be seventeen in a few months! Then you won't be able to call me a boy, because I'll be older than you! Moving on, that previous statement proved how self-absorbed and arrogant you are. And finally, the world wouldn't be unhappy. In fact, they'll celebrate because they will be rid of the most egotistical jerk in the history of this planet. Hey, that's Prongs's title! So...you think I'm not egotistical anymore? I never said that. For the record, you are the second most egotistical jerk on this planet. Hey, it's better than being first. Yeah, but you are still on the list. I'll take it. She totally likes you, Prongs. Shut up, Pettigrew, you know that isn't true! Let me set something straight, since you lot are completely delusional: I DO NOT LIKE JAMES POTTER, NOR WILL I EVER. There's no need to lay it on so thick. She was just trying to get her point across. Anyway, for once I think Pettigrew's right. Not you too! Lils, anyone with a functioning pair of eyes can see that you plainly like Potter. Yeah, it's completely obvious. Seriously, Lily, it's time you get your head out of the clouds. Look who it is! Moony's lady-love. Shut up, Black. Shut up, Padfoot. Neither of you are denying it! Moony, just admit that you like Macdonald. She likes you too, you know. I never told you that I like him. So you DO like him. Ha! In your dreams. You know what else I dream about? Please spare us the horror. I dream about Flower finally saying yes to Prongs. Black, I told you not to call me that. Nuh uh. You said if I called you Lily-billy then you would—how did you phrase it—shove my head down Myrtle's toilet. Fine. If you call me Flower, I will carry out the first threat and then proceed to hex you so hard you won't be able to sit on a broomstick properly. Isn't that a little harsh? Would you rather I did it to you? You can't, because you would be stripped of your badge in less than twenty four hours. Good point. You can't bear to part with your precious badge, can you? Then you won't be able to tell me off anymore. Don't rub it in her face, Black. My, my, my, this is becoming one heck of a party. Eight people passing notes at the same time? It's a miracle Tynder hasn't caught us yet. Anyhow, shouldn't the rest of you be taking notes? This is an important lesson after all. Psh. This class is easy. Almost as easy as Divination. I bet you can't beat me on the next assignment she gives us. How much are you wagering here? I'm not betting money; I have to save up for Christmas gifts. Mary's extremely picky when it comes to presents. How about whoever gets the lower score has to jump into the lake butt naked? You call that a bet? McKinnon, I could show my helluva fine ass anytime you want. Just ask. Eww, Black, that's perverted. Why in Merlin's name would I want to see your hairy ass? FYI, I have the smoothest ass ever to exist. And you honestly call that a real bet? I can jump into any old lake anytime. Padfoot, the loser has to jump into the frigid lake in the middle of December. Imagine how cold it is. Personally, I- No one cares about you opinion, Potter. I do. Thanks, Wormtail. Evans, just hear me out. I personally think that the stakes are ridiculous. It could harm someone, only because you wanted to make someone lose their dignity. It's risky. …-LE …-RL …-SB What? Wow...you're actually concerned for once. I knew you had it in you, Prongs. Way to ruin the bet. I'm not trying to spoil it, I'm just worried that if one of you die, I'll have to fill out the paperwork. ...I knew that the old Potter was lurking somewhere. Merlin, Potter, that's so selfish. Gee, that makes me feel loved. For once, I agree with Black. I agree with Potter on everything except the last statement. You should pick a less dangerous alternative. Do you have any suggestions, Evans? I'm afraid I don't, because all of my ideas are too violent for your mind to cope with. I can handle anything you throw at me, Evans. Including yourself. Are you implying that I'm one of your whor- Language. Sorry. Are you insinuating that I want to throw myself at you? What world are you living in? You'd better run. I don't have to. Besides, don't you think that Tynder will notice us going at it? That's too bad...but there's no rule about me doing it outside the classroom. Shut up, the pair of you. Tynder is coming over here. Sirius shut his notebook as Professor Tynder approached. "Anything you'd like to share with me, Mister Black?" she questioned sweetly. Sirius put on a look of perfect innocence. "My notes?" Tynder extended a hand, believing Sirius to be lying. Imagine her shock when Sirius pulled out a sheet of parchment, and written in neat, curvy handwriting, was a complete transcription of her lecture. Tynder seemed to be at a loss for words. Finally, she said curtly, "Very well, Mr. Black. Carry on." Sirius flashed her a charming smile, and she swept away, muttering inaudibly under her breath. Sirius reopened his notebook, and waited for the confused queries to begin. The first one was Lily's. How in Merlin's name…? How did you get away with that? It's quite simple, actually. I charmed my parchment beforehand so that the notes would appear as Moony wrote his. Basically, I replicated his notes to fool Tynder. So that's how you take notes every class. I must say, that is ingenious. You sly fox. However, despite the fact that is considered plagiarism, that is rather impressive that he would actually take time to research on how to be lazy. Thank you, Moony. Anymore praise for my clever idea? You need to teach me that charm so that I can do it on Lily's notes. Don't you dare. It's bad enough that Black's doing it. Please, Lily, you know my notes are usually rubbish. Mine are usually crappy too. C'mon, Lily, don't be a killjoy. What's the incantation? Exscribo Litera. (A/N: This is Latin. The first word translates to transcribe or copy and Litera means notes.) Thanks. No problem. Black, look what you've done! Now they're going to slack off even more now. Lighten up, Evans. Give them ladies a deserving break. They've worked under your tyrannical ways for a while now. Yeah, Evans. 'Tyrannical,' huh. So that's what you think of me, do you, Potter? No—I didn't mean—can you lend a hand to a bloke here, Moony? No comment. Pads? I refuse to take part in your lovers' spats. Excuse me, I think I threw up in my mouth a little. Some friends you are. Pete? Please leave me out of this. I really need to pass this class. Traitorous friends. Fine, then, if you're all so determined to gang up against me… Are you threatening us, Potter? Since when are you so defensive of Sirius? You loathe him! I meant me, my friends, Remus, and Pettigrew. I really don't give a rat's arse about Black. That feels nice. Hush, Black, if you know what's good for you. Oh no, Tynder's headed for us again. What does she have against us, anyway? Marlene attempted to mimic Sirius's angelic face as Tynder walked to her table. "Exactly what are you doing, Miss McKinnon? Why don't you have a partner?" Marlene had absolutely no idea what she was talking about, so she glanced to her friends for help—only to find that they were all paired up and busily practicing. As she watched, James casually flicked his wand and Sirius was sent sprawling on his back. Marlene turned around to face the triumphant professor. How on Earth was she going to worm out of this one? "Professor, I…" she started, her mind whirling with feeble alibis. "I couldn't find a partner, so I decided to start on my own." "Meaning...you were going to perform the spell on yourself?" asked Tynder. "What is the spell I was lecturing on, Miss McKinnon? From the look on Tynder's face, you would've thought that Marlene didn't know the answer. Lucky for her, she did. "Stunning Spells, Professor," she responded promptly. The knowing smile instantly faded from Tynder's face. It appeared that she wasn't expecting Marlene to pay attention during her instructing time. "That is correct. You can work with that pair over there," she ordered stiffly, pointing to two boys at the back of the room. Marlene hurried over to where her new partners were. Her new group consisted of a short boy with mousy brown hair, and a much taller, lankier boy with dirty blonde hair who smiled at her in a welcoming manner. "Hello. I'm Sheldon. Sheldon Bell. And this is Marcus." He held out his hand. "And you must be…" "Marlene," she filled in for him, shaking hands with him. Sheldon grinned lopsidedly. "Pleasure, Marlene," he said. He nudged Marcus. "Isn't it, Marcus?" "I s'pose," Marcus grunted. From that, Marlene gathered that he wasn't a talkative person. Too bad for him. "So, what's a pretty girl like you doing here?" Sheldon asked flatteringly. Marlene blushed. He was charming, she'd give him that. ... "I don't like that boy," remarked Sirius out of the blue. James glanced fleetingly at his best mate. "Don't like who?" "Him." Sirius jerked his thumb towards the back of the room, where the blonde hair of Marlene could be seen. James craned his neck, staring unashamedly at the pair practicing Stunning Spells in the back of the classroom, while Marcus watched with a bored expression. "There are two boys back there, Sirius," said James, annoyed. "McCarthy and Bell." "Oh, didn't see McCarthy there. I'm referring to the skinnier one." "Bell? He's a nice bloke. What's wrong with him?" "He's hitting on McKinnon," said Sirius disgustedly. James peered over the brown hair of Mary Macdonald. Sure enough, Sheldon was leaning casually against the wall, smiling leisurely, while Marlene burst into a fit of giggles. "So?" James looked at Sirius expectantly. "He's flirting with her. Big deal. You don't even like her. Unless..." James got a mischievous gleam in his eyes that Sirius associated with pranking. "Unless, our dear Paddy has finally learned how to properly fancy someone..." James dodged as Sirius lunged for him. He fell to the floor with a cringe-inducing thump. Sirius stood up unabashedly, dusted off invisible dirt, and dove for his best friend again. James wasn't as lucky this time; Sirius tackled him successfully and the pair struggled on the ground. "Ahem." Someone