Prompts- Hogwarts ASSIGNMENT 12- Ancient Aztec Studies- Write a story that spans an entire year, with one scene for each month. *Note to Student Examiners- As you can probably tell, this is way over the word count limit (see below). I didn't see the word count limit until I completed the fic, and I apologize for that. Flower Picking Season- Petunia- (dialogue) "Do you think I'm a bad person?" 365 Drabbles- #101- Devoted Word Count: 6,224 January 1977- A Mysterious Gift "Happy Birthday!" Lily's friends chorused. Lily grinned broadly as she gazed at the stack of gifts at the foot of her bed. She unwrapped the first present, Alice's, which was a limited edition of Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen. She flipped through the book briefly, inhaling the fresh, clean scent of a new book. She thanked her friend generously. Lily proceeded to rip apart the wrapping of the next present, which was given to her by Mary, according to the tag. It was a set of brand new quills she'd been eyeing at Scrivenshafts' for a few weeks, but she'd been on a tight budget. The next present was the one that took Lily's breath away. It was a gorgeously elegant silver bracelet, with glistening teardrop-shaped beads on it. Lily's initials were embedded in emerald gemstones into a circular frame hanging from the center. Lily tried on the bracelet. It was a perfect fit. Her friends were in awe at the bracelet, astounded by the way it shimmered beautifully in the morning light, and more amazed by the price. The tag had been left on deliberately the bracelet, and as Lily admired it, she noticed the price. It was a pretty expensive gift, and she knew none of her friends had this kind of money. Later, when she had opened all of her presents and thanked all of her friends, she safely tucked the bracelet into her jewelry box. Who knew, she thought, maybe this might come in handy someday. February 1977- A Rude Awakening "EEEEEK!" Lily shrieked as a horde of owls came swarming towards her, each carrying an item of affection- a card, a flower, a heart-shaped box of chocolates, and so on. Those items rained down on and around Lily, unfortunately disturbing her roommates, and once they realized what was going on, they started screaming as well. Deafening screeching and screaming disrupted the previous quiet. The girls scrambled for cover, some getting hit by the items pelting down in masses. Once the mayhem was over, the girls slowly peeked out from their beds, where they had taken refuge. Lily crawled out and snatched the first letter she could find. A thunderous look crossed her face. "Who-? Hestia began, but was cut off as Lily yelled furiously, " POTTER!" Over in the boys' dormitory, the boys were awakened as a shriek rang across the tower. It didn't take long for them to discover why. Lily burst into the dormitory and sprinted towards James's bed. He barely had time before she pounced on him, pounding her fists against his body and screaming in his ear. James cursed as her fists sunk into his body. They were like tiny sharp weapons, and they hurt like hell. "Argh-geroff me-agh, Evans, let go of me!" James yelped. "Not-until-you-apologize-for-those-owls!" Lily yelled, punctuating each word with a blow. "What're you doing to him, Evans?" asked Remus groggily, rubbing his eyes to check if he was hallucinating. He wasn't. Sirius, however, took action. With brute force, he pulled a flailing Lily off of his best mate. James sat up gingerly, rubbing his sore, but not heavily damaged, face. Damn, that girl could kick some butt if she set her mind to it. "Lily, what was that for?!" he exclaimed incredulously. "Don't act all innocent! You know what you bloody did!" she said hoarsely, but with conviction. When he did not respond, she dutifully filled him herself. "Your owls, of course! They burst into our dormitory and bombarded us with your obsolete things! Why in Merlin's name-?" She was panting by this point. James, however, drew himself up and declared, "Those are tokens of affection to you, my love. Another way to prove my never-ending, devout love to my lovely lady on this special Valentine's Day!" "Well, she was never your lady and she never will be!" Lily screamed, chucking the nearest book at him. It collided sickeningly with his face. "After this ghastly display of affection, I hardly doubt she will even consider!" Lily stomped out of the room, slamming the door for emphasis. James didn't get up, sulky at yet another rejection and an added bonus: an injury. And he was sure that this was going to succeed! March 1977- A Forced Smile Lily could literally hear trumpets blowing a celebratory ode as she entered the Great Hall. Because today was an unforgettable day. It was her nemesis's birthday, and she was not prepared for it, not even having some kind of present for him. Over by the staff table, the Marauders were jubilantly toasting to their friend, and said friend was basking in the attention that solely focused on him. Girls wished him a happy birthday, and a few winked at him. Sirius ogled them unabashedly, even admitting that he might shag a few of them if James didn't. Boys heartily slapped him on the back as they passed as their way of expressing happy birthday. James was highly admired and idolized by the younger boys, because he wasn't as women-obsessed as Sirius, but he was still attractive. That was due to the fact that he was crazily infatuated with one girl, but she was not smitten with him. Speaking of James-abhorring girls, the one he was madly in love with was walking towards them at that moment. Sirius nudged him and James sat up straight, ruffling his hair and grinning crookedly at Lily. Lily mustered up the courage to bid him happy birthday. She gave James a quick nod and flashed a brief smile at him, and James was over the moon with euphoria. "She actually said something!" James exclaimed, his eyes as large as saucers, not believing his incredible luck. He was merry for the rest of the day, which was a source of concern and speculation among the students. Many were wondering why James was in such high spirits. "I heard that Evans grabbed him and snogged him right in the middle of the Hall," Lily overheard one student whisper to his friend as she was making her way to her first lesson, Transfiguration. She whirled around, dropping her books, and whipped her wand out. She pressed it against the boy's throat with almost inhuman ferocity. The boy was whimpering, terrified at facing the infamous wrath of Lily Evans. "Never," she spoke with a deadly tone, "mention the idea of Potter and I doing inappropriate things, things you should not have any business knowing!" "You know, Evans, it's not a rather far-fetched idea as you claim," a new, arrogant voice said, and Lily groaned and turned away from the poor boy. He scampered away. James was striding confidently down the corridor, his friends flanking him. His voice was dripping with pompousness. "It could happen right here, right now, if you wanted to," he continued. Lily spat at him. "Never," was her vicious one-word reply. She stormed away, leaving the entire hallway baffled. James scratched his neck and said defensively to the onlookers, "It could happen!" April 1977- A Humorous War April Fools Day. A day the staff dreaded, the students hesitantly anticipated, and the Marauders declared a war on the students, but not with sticks and stones. By breakfast, the total number of students affected was at ten, five of them Slytherins, who were scowling at their plates with various hexes, curses, and charms placed on them. By the end of breakfast, when students were heading to their upcoming lessons, there was a scream from ahead. A girl had just discovered that her face was covered in pimples, and quite a few people were in hysterics after finding out that they too had fallen prey to the same prank. By the time lunch rolled around, the count had risen drastically to a whopping seventeen, including an additional five Slytherins. Overall, ten were affected. The Marauders had taken special pleasure in pranking the Slytherins, many of whom they held grudges against. One Slytherin, Avery, had shrunken Peter's head, so the Marauders got their revenge fair and square by turning Avery's clothes transparent, revealing his heart-patterned boxers. Avery swore that he was going to get them back with a vengeance, but the pranksters-in-chief weren't worried. Nevertheless, Avery became the laughingstock of the school. The Marauders were targeting primarily Slytherins, but the other houses were no exception. Hufflepuffs, they learned, were the easiest to prank, since they were unsuspecting. During the course of the day, at least half of Hufflepuff House was afflicted with unusually colored skin, ranging from black to fluorescent green, to Gryffindor red. Lily had watched all of these pranks take place all day, and while she knew it was against the rules, the Marauders were utilizing impressive, high-level magic and the pranks were harmless (except for Avery's; whenever she saw him she pictured him with his clothes transparent). That was why she never told them off. As long as they didn't victimize her. However, as Lily found herself dripping wet and soaked to the bone from a bucket of ice water, she vowed that she would retaliate. Her prank would be one the Marauders would never be able to top. The mother of all pranks. She planned and plotted, and brought her best mates in to assist her. By dinner, they were all set up and ready to laugh. No one would suspect a thing, which was the sweetest element of all. Lily had the genius idea to combine together all of the Marauders' pranks throughout the day. Therefore, the Marauders were all squawking like chickens, bright blue, doused in icy water, plus a few extra incorporations of the girls' creation. By the conclusion of the meal, everyone was laughing uncontrollably and the Marauders were furious. May 1977- No Good Cheats Word spread around the school of James's new girlfriend. She was a transfer from America, and was as American as you could get. Laurie Foster was blonde, green-eyed, and had a supermodel-like body, a body which every girl envied. Except for one, that is. Lily was completely warm and welcoming to the American girl, but her feelings towards James had not changed one jot. Especially since she too, was involved with someone. Daniel 'Danny' Winston was almost a perfect fit for Lily. Keyword being almost. He was sweet, genuine, and shy, the latter countering Lily's bold, effervescent personality. Growing up in a middle-class family had molded him into a modest boy. He wasn't as smart as Lily, which was her biggest beef with him. She longed to have conversations where the other person was contributing intelligent responses that challenged her brain, rather than have to answer pointless questions. Danny was trying his hardest, but their skill levels were separated by too much. Laurie, well, James had issues with her too. She didn't care much for Quidditch, never attending his practices, which was essentially what destroyed their relationship. One dreary evening, James caught Laurie with- you guessed it, Lily's dishonest boyfriend, Danny. A fight of epic proportions ensued. He accused her of lack of commitment, she said that he wasn't devoting enough time to her, because he was in love with another girl. They didn't break up then, but their feelings towards each other were strained, leading to their relationship's painstaking demise. Danny continued to see Laurie behind Lily's back. Lily and Danny split, after he had been cheating on her with Laurie for almost a month. Lily, in light of the break-up, was abnormally cheerful. She'd sensed that something was amiss, but denied it to herself