Team: Holyhead Harpies Position: Chaser 2 (School: Durmstrang) Prompts: QL Round 2: 3. (Song) I Believe In a Thing Called Love -The Darkness, 14. (Word) Contagious 11. (Style) LetterFic June Monthly One-Shot Exchange: (Genre) Romance, (Color) Cyan, (Word) Unity Pairing: Viktor/Hermione Word Count: 3,000 Side Note- The Bulgarian characters are speaking Bulgarian, but I do not speak that language, so this is just a translation of what they are saying. The mistakes in the first letter are deliberate, just to show that Viktor struggles with writing in English, since it is not his first language. Slightly AU, because I set this during the canon time of the Triwizard Tournament, but in my story, it's not happening. Special thanks to all of my teammates for being really amazing betas! Give them a round of (digital) applause! For Eye Greater Than Three- I hope you enjoy it! Round 2: know me (then love me) ... "Today, I will be giving you a special assignment for extra credit," Professor Ruskov announced crisply. Many students perked up upon hearing the words "extra credit." Extra credit opportunities were scarcely available, so anytime extra credit was offered, they took it, especially if their grades were subpar. "Hogwarts has agreed to collaborate with our school for this project." Everybody looked at one another. What was she saying? "If you are in need of extra points or are interested, you will sign up with your real name and a pen name. I will then assign you a partner, who has also chosen an anonymous name. It is a letter exchange between pen-pals. I expect you to be courteous and respectful, therefore nothing inappropriate. You cannot disclose your actual name, otherwise the anonymity will be ruined. Any questions?" Maria Andriev's hand shot into the air, and there were obnoxious snickers heard from the back of the classroom where Viktor Krum and his friends sat. "Yes, Maria?" "How long will this last?" Maria asked, pursing her lips and ignoring the sniggering, "My family is withdrawing me from this school in a few weeks." Ruskov threw a warning look at the boys in the back. "Not long. This is a project meant to establish unity between the two schools, and you and your pen-pal, so I trust that you will not disrupt it. Sign-ups open in two days." Sebastian, a transfer student from Beauxbatons, raised his hand. "Boys, settle down. Yes, Sebastian?" "How will our real names be revealed? I mean, they have to find out at some point." "You will be permitted to look at the sheet with the pairings on it when the Hogwarts headmaster and I decide that it is time. You will then be able to meet your partner in person." There was a momentary silence. "How?" A sole voice brought the question that everyone was thinking to light. "We will be traveling to their school, and that is where you will come face to face with your pen-pal." The bell rang, concluding the professor's statement. The students filed out in groups, discussing their new task. Viktor and his friends shoved their way through the crowd while shouting in each other's ears. "Are you going to do it?" Ivan called. "Yes, I suppose!" Viktor was scornful. He really did need the extra credit. Despite his celebrity status, he wasn't outstanding in academics. Mostly because his life revolved around his Quidditch career. But he also disliked studying and often attempted to rebel against his teachers. He hoped this would be easier than it sounded. … " Bookworm , eh?" Ivan peered over Viktor's shoulder, "Do you think it's a boy or a girl?" "I don't know," he snapped. He was feeling rather possessive about his person, but he wasn't sure why. He crumpled the slip into a minuscule ball in his fist and stuffed it into his pocket. "Who'd you get?" Viktor asked. "Someone called Bolt. Definitely a boy." Viktor moodily stabbed his chicken with his fork. "Who'd you get, Daniela?" Ivan asked, unaware of the sudden change in Viktor's behavior. "You won't believe this, but this person calls himself Silk." Daniela snorted. Ivan rolled his eyes. "What kind of a person selects the name Silk?" "A very arrogant person, apparently." Viktor didn't look up from his plate. … After dinner, Viktor sat on his bed and attempted to write a letter to his pen-pal, an English dictionary at his side. January 16, 1995 Dear Bookworm, Forgive me for my poor attempt at English, for it is not my first language. I had to write this letter with an English dictionary guiding me. Let me began with a simple question. Are you a masculine or a feminine? I apologize for my brazenness, but it is important that I have to know. I will go ahead and state that I am a masculine, just to clear some things up. I have two good friends. They are also participating in this letter exchange. One of my friends received someone called Bolt, while my other friend got a person with the name Silk. Rather silly, if you ask me. You may know these people, and I advise you say to this Silk person to pick another name, preferably less conceiting. I am rather confused at how your system of schooling functions. Our professor (the one who assigned us this project) tells us that the students are divided into four "houses," and the schooling is seven years. I would like it if you would enlighten me on how your school manages to keep track of all of its students, since I hear it is a very popular school due to the current headmaster. Also, I would like to know more about you. I cannot gather much from your anonymous name, except that you like to read. Sincerely, Dexterous … January 18, 1995 Dear Dexterous, Your letter contains only a few grammatical errors, compared to some of the other letters I've read. It almost seems that you did not use a dictionary. I suggest that you check your tenses, because you mostly made those kind of errors. Try asking someone who speaks an adequate amount of English. To answer your initial question, I am female. Thank you for confirming your gender, so now we have one thing clear. Speaking of friends, I also have two. I also find the Silk pen-name hilarious, because I am aware of who it is referring to. He's extremely arrogant; I'm surprised he chose a name like that. Bolt, on the other hand, is one of my closest friends. I cannot reveal his name, otherwise it will break the anonymity. To clarify another question, our school has four houses. Every year, a new batch of students are sorted into a house based on their traits. It can also happen that you are put into a house because you desired to. The houses are called Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin. Gryffindors are usually considered brave, strong, and sometimes obnoxious. Ravenclaw students are known for being brainiacs, so I was almost sorted into that house. Hufflepuffs value kindness and loyalty, while Slytherins are crafty and resourceful. Some of these traits intermix between the houses. For example, Gryffindors also contain a strong sense of loyalty, and they tend to be generally kind, but they just have different ways of expressing it. Our headmaster, Professor Dumbledore, maintains the school magnificently. He's quite odd, though, but he defeated Grindelwald in a duel, so the school is safe under his watch. I would like to know more about you too, but let's begin with me. You just need to know the basics. I'm fifteen, my favorite color is red, and my house is Gryffindor. I do love to read, but my lazy friends take advantage of that and skive off their homework. I wish they would actually do their homework without assistance. It really irritates me sometimes. Otherwise, we are the best of friends, and I know they will always have my back regardless of trivial matters such as copying essays. I know I have already written this once, but I repeat, please tell me more about yourself. You were kind of vague in your previous letter. Sincerely, Bookworm Viktor studied the girl's response, debating on what to write back. He didn't want to make a fool out of himself again, but his English truly wasn't that good. He scanned through the first paragraph and a lightbulb turned on somewhere in his brain. Maybe she did have a valid recommendation. He just needed someone qualified to review his letter before he sent it. January 21, 1995 Dear Bookworm, You sound very intelligent, judging by your perfect English and the fact your friends want to copy your assignments. Don't take that the wrong way; I merely wanted to compliment you. How do your friends get away with it? You are right; I have not been very open with you. I shall change that now. My favorite color is cyan, because it symbolizes carefreeness and serenity, which is something I long to have sometimes, as my life is quite hectic. I love to play Quidditch; it is my life and encompasses my mind. As I mentioned in my first letter, I have two friends, just like you, who also occasionally bother me but I love them dearly. One of my friends is a girl, and she's the smartest in our age group, perhaps even the whole school. She behaves the opposite, however, so you have to delve deep into her mind in order to discover the brilliance. She's quite sarcastic and witty too, so I'm sure you will get along with her. I shamefully admit that my other friend and I copy her work, too, but I will refrain from doing that in the future. My other friend, a boy, is the most irritating person I've met, yet we're best friends. You probably won't like him as much, but you have similar friends, so who knows, maybe you'll learn to deal with him eventually. My ambition is to travel the world, but not by aeroplane. I want to explore the world as a part of a Quidditch team. I want to see the various playing styles of the other teams and how their culture affects it. It may not sound very interesting, but that is what intrigues me. Now, it is your turn. Tell me things about yourself that you don't mind disclosing. Sincerely, Dexterous P.S. You may notice that my English is a little more proficient now. I took your advice and had one of my professors read over my rough draft and make corrections. I proceeded to rewrite my letter, adding this part in. January 23, 1995 Dear Dexterous, You copy off of your friend's work too? Looks like it's contagious. I think we've swapped enough general information for now. I want to confide in you about something, and it's not a topic to take lightly. I'm only telling you because you're almost like a friend to me. Don't start questioning my other friends, I know they support me, but this is an issue concerning one of them. I secretly fancy one of my best friends. He's nothing like me. He's clueless, idiotic, and sometimes rude, but he's so stupidly hilarious and I can't stop thinking about him. Even though he's not the sharpest knife in the drawer, I still fancy him. I would tell him how I feel, but I don't want to demolish any bonds that have formed between us over the years. I'm not quite in love with him, either. I know you're not an expert on girls, but you're the only outlet I have at the moment. My other friend, he's quite occupied with his infatuation for a girl who's unsure about her feelings towards him. I told him that there is a possibility that she may reciprocate his feelings, but don't count on her requiting the same feelings. He's gone to test that out. I hope you have some