AN: I don't own Harry Potter. JK Rowling owns it. Harry tumbled out of the portal and for once landed on his feet. He chuckled to himself, finally, he had managed to land on his feet during magical transportation. His mentor would have been proud. He glanced back at the portal only to see it close and disappear. Harry had spent the last 22 years in an alternate dimension, similar to his own but different a lot of ways, learning to be a werewolf and then finally an alpha; he learned how to shift at will and to keep his mind when he shifted. He also earned his masters in Defense Against the Dark Arts and potions. He had been spit out near where he had gone through, so he was a couple of houses down from his pseudo-childhood home, 4 Privet Drive. Harry wandered over to look into the front window of the home, despite his wolfish instincts telling him not to. He could smell blood and old terror in the home and strange werewolves, which alarmed him. The only werewolf that he knew was friendly and was maybe-more-than-friends with his godfather. He crept closer, more out of habit and looked inside. There was no one home and the house was deserted, in fact, Harry could even smell dust from out here. Nor could he sense any wards on the property and he was always able to sense wards, even before he had been bitten. Harry sighed audibly; the clues were leading up to the fact that the Dursley's had gotten killed while he had been gone. He wasn't too terribly disturbed that they had been killed; they hadn't even treated him like a relative at all. Just as his mentor said, two years had passed in his home; so if he hadn't gone through a portal, it would've been his sixth year. Though, just to be certain, he cast tempus and saw that it was August he walked back home though, he could feel the presence of dementors again. However, if he extended his senses outward until his range ended, there were many dementors floating around London. It was like things in the wizarding world had fallen apart while he was gone. He sighed; 22 years of peace from Voldemort and his death eaters was about to be broken. He sauntered over to where the peculiar strain of magic was and encountered two dementors. "Really? Just because I was right; doesn't mean I wanted to be right. Voldemort's really sending you guys after me now?" Harry casually asked. "Did the world go to hell in a hand basket while I was gone?" The two dementors stilled and kind of lifted their head shaped things in his direction. If you asked Harry's opinion of what they were doing, he would have said, 'sniffing him'. "Shoo. Go on; it's not me you want; well, I guess it is me. But, sniff me. I don't make a good enemy to have." He exerted his will over the two and watched as they fled and eventually vanished. Harry sighed. "I guess it's time to get to work." Harry apparated near to the cemetery that he had left after seeing that Voldemort had come back to life last year. He put a glamour on his forehead and eyes. The rest of him looked very different than when he had left, so no one would recognize him. He had acquired new scars that hadn't healed and he had grown to his full height of 6 feet and 2 inches. His hair looked as unbrushed as always, but now it went to his shoulders, plus he was much older. Harry had filled out during the past years, so he also didn't look as underfed and malnourished as he used to. Then he shifted shape. Now, it came naturally to him, whereas before he had gone through the portal, he was struggling with just changing species. His wolf form looked like a normal wolf but it was a bit bigger than regular. Then add the fact that he had become an alpha, due to that, his wolf had grown taller and bigger to accommodate it; his form was probably roughly the size of Remus's form. He was a light brown color with white and black spots all over him, ranging in size from tiny to large. Once he had painlessly shifted forms, he put his nose to the ground to search for the one person he was looking for: the rat. He started to growl when he found it; the bastard wasn't getting away a second time. As soon as he found the scent, he shifted back to human shape and apparated. It appeared the rat was in Knockturn Alley. Harry glanced around the alley; it was full of dark robed wizards and witches who crossed over to the other side when they saw him prowling. Their magic probably told them that he was a werewolf. And luckily, he could hide the fact that he was an alpha, otherwise, he probably would have found himself with unwanted attention from death eaters. He followed the scent of the traitor to his family until he heard the man walk around the corner. His wolf started to growl inside his mind and admittedly, it may have leaked out if the look on Peter's face was anything to go by. "Hello, Peter," Harry rumbled. "Nice day, isn't it?" "Uh, do I know you?" the other man asked. "Yes, but you probably don't recognize me," Harry replied grinning shark-like. Peter studied him for a minute then Harry watched as his eyes widened. "Harry?" "Yep," Harry started to prowl closer. Peter took a few steps backward until he walked into the wall behind him. "No hard feelings, right?" Peter shakily replied, scratching the back of his neck. "Oh, there are hard feelings alright," Harry remarked dryly and cast a wandless stunner and a full body bind at the other man. "One thing taken care of; a couple of things to go." Once Harry had left Peter at the desk of the head auror(with a note attached), he apparated to where he could smell kin-scent. He had no idea where Sirius and Remus would be, having been probably considered missing for two years and away during that time, would muddle up his knowledge. But his senses were strong enough that he smelled the particular scents of his godfather and friend. He apparated to where the beacon of familiarity was and landed in front of a row of houses in London. Harry checked the street for anyone, magical or muggle. And took off the glamour he had on, so family people would be able to recognize him. He thought it likely that Remus wouldn't have any trouble with that, as he could sense that he was Harry. "Huh, it seems like... they're in between homes," Harry muttered to himself. "But how..." He walked up to stand on the steps of one of the houses and extended his magic to feel the surrounding area. Then he spooked when the two homes started to move and spread apart. As they moved, another house came into view in the middle. Harry stared for a minute then moved up the stairs and knocked on the door when the houses stopped moving. It must have recognized him somehow. He cast a silent and wandless patronus and felt Prongs leap to existence. The buck waited patiently for him to give a message. "Could you send Sirius or Remus out here? His godson's back." Harry watched as the deer disappeared and stood at the door. A couple of minutes later, he heard someone, with a racing heart, run to the door and open it. Sirius was at the door and Remus was right behind him. They both stared at him, with widening eyes. They both looked a couple of years older, as if not knowing where he was had taken a few years off. Remus looked haggard and withdrawn but he slowly grinned at Harry. Harry watched as his eyes widened a second later and he averted his eyes and slightly bared his neck. Remus hunched into himself, trying to make himself smaller. "Harry, s'that you?" Sirius murmured. "Yeah, it's me," Harry muttered back. "It's okay, Remus," Harry murmured, knowing the man would hear him. "You don't need to do that with me." Remus sighed gratefully at him, looking back up at him. "So you're an alpha now, huh?" "Yep," Harry smiled. Sirius narrowed his eyes then Remus turned to mutter something to him, something about how a patronus could never be faked. Sirius visibly relaxed and smiled and pulled Harry into his arms for a hug. They pulled back a few minutes later. "But, you... you look like you're our age! You grew, too! How did that happen? And you're an alpha?" "It's a long story. May I come in?" "Yes, of course, you can," Remus said. Harry walked in past Sirius and Remus and looked around the home. There was a portrait of an older woman hanging on the wall near the door and curtains beside it. The house smelled like it had been dusty for a good portion of the last year but was cleaned just this summer. "It's good to have you back," Remus commented. "Yeah, it's good to be back," Harry replied. "Speaking of that, where the hell did you go? And why are you in your mid-30's when you were 14 last we saw you?" Sirius insisted. "And how did you cast a patronus without a letter arriving to state that you did underage magic?" "Well, for starters, I kind of went to an alternate universe?" Harry tentatively said. "That is the answer to all your questions." "Alternate universe?" Sirius asked, curiously, leading them through what looked like a war room. The room had a table in the middle with a lot of parchment on it. The three of them then walked into a sitting room with a couch and a couple of chairs. Harry sat down in one of the chairs and Sirius sat down on the couch. Remus walked through another door and next thing Harry heard was the fridge opening. "Yeah," Harry started, speaking loud enough so that Remus would hear him. "A couple weeks after I got back from my fourth year at Hogwarts, I decided that I would a lot more skills than I had then to defeat Voldemort. So I did what I had to. It was kind of like I wished it into existence?" "That... You wished something like that into existence?" Sirius asked, tilting his head in confusion. "Yeah, it was weird but it didn't feel like it would harm me. Kind of like Superman's Fortress of Solitude? Time was also different there; I spent 22 years there." "What's that?" Sirius asked, blinking. "Oh, it's a muggle reference. I learned some throughout my time," Harry replied. Remus came back in with three glasses of butterbeer and handed one to him. "Thanks." The other werewolf nodded then sat down next to Sirius. "So you spent 22 years somewhere else? And your age and height is not a result of an aging potion?" "Nope," Harry replied, taking a sip of his butterbeer. "Oh, I missed this." "Nothing else happened then?" Remus asked. "No, nothing that I can think of," Harry replied and sighed. "So, what happened while I was gone? I noticed the dementors floating around and what happened to my aunt and cousin?" Sirius exchanged a look with Remus then turned to look at him. "It all started when we discovered you had gone missing." "Voldemort had learned of your disappearance and all hell broke loose. There were many more raids on muggle born homes and homes of his enemies and opponents," Remus added. "Yeah, so predictably the minister blamed it all on me for the first year. Then last year, I guess he actually saw the bugger