Volume I or Darcy and Hurst A Great Beefhead, and The Gentleman Who Merely Looked The Gentleman It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, mus' be in want o' a wife. This, according to Mrs Hagrid Bennet, sat at the breakfast table on a rather non descript Tuesday in September. The Lady would often issue such profound bits of wisdom over their crumpets, having little else to occupy her mind at present, the majority of books exhausting her patience and most embroidery being too fiddly for her curiously masculine hands. Wisdom like this was never without design with a woman such as Mrs Bennet, and her intention was revealed a minute or so later, when she asked whether her husband had heard that Netherfield Park was let. Let at last! Failing to grasp the immense gravity of this news, Mr Bennet turned a page of his newspaper and looked at his wife through his half moon spectacles, an expression of utmost serenity suggested in every aspect of his countenance. He had not. Yes, Netherfield Hall was let, to a man of large fortune- handsome and rich, rumour had it he possessed five thousand a year. As such, he was everything that any doting mother could want for her daughters, and Mrs Bennet did not hesitate in telling her husband as much. What a fine thing it would be for their girls! Mr Bennet turned his newspaper, and observed that he failed to see how it could concern them. But didn't he see that she was thinking of marrying one of them? "Mr Frank Bingley! A fine thing indeed!" Albus Bennet, who had been perfectly still and unconcerned up until this point, slowly folded up his newspaper and looked at his wife with detached inquiry. "Bingley, you say?" He asked, pausing to smile at his two eldest daughter's, who had entered by way of the hallway, looking decidedly sleep deprived. Scratching his beard in contemplation- Mr Bennet was the contemplative kind- the man returned to his eggs and his newspaper, adding only; "Oh, yes. Fine family name. Fine thing for our girls. Very fine indeed. I remember his father- had a penchant for collecting toads." Accustomed to the many quirks and eccentricities of her husband, having had these past twenty years at least to learn them, his wife ignored the latter part of his statement in favour of reading into the first. "So yeh'll visit him?" "I shall do no such thing." Lily snorted into her porridge, and Alice helped herself to a second portion of eggs. Mr Bennet did, in fact, visit Mr Bingley. As it happens, he was among the first. After he retired to his study following breakfast, he disappeared as if by magic from his fireside, reappearing a few seconds later on a hillside three miles south, a book tucked under his arm and his spectacles set firmly in place. If his wife had known this, she might have found herself somewhat more at ease, and relaxed over the next couple of days. For reasons best known to himself, however, Mr Bennet had decided not to disclose the information. Which left Mrs Bennet to carry on her campaign completely in the dark. Nothing could be commented on without also eliciting a comment on Mr Bingley. There was to be a ball at Meryton? Mrs Bennet wondered if Mr Bingley might attend. Bertha and Mary were going to see Aunt Phillips? Did Mr Bingley have any aunts, she wondered. The cook had stocked a new kind of ale? Good heavens, what if the young man didn't like ale… What on earth would she serve him when he came over for dinner? And what kind of young man didn't like ale? She wasn't quite sure she could endure such a man as a son in law… Ruddy in complexion and jovial in manner, there was only one surefire way Hagrid Bennet knew to ensure a continued acquaintance, and that was on the strength of her ale. She was the best brewer and drinker in the county- she was renowned for it. That, and her exceptionally pretty daughters. Finally, however, Mr Bennet could take no more. Seeing that his second daughter was employed reading over a section on love potions, he could not resist commenting; "Careful, Lily. I have been most reliably informed those things are very potent. I doubt our Mr Bingley has the constitution for it." "Our Mr Bingley- our Mr Bingley indeed!" Cried his wife. "I'm quite sick o' Mr Bingley!" Mr Bennet had a wry smile pulling at the corner of his mouth. "I am very sorry to hear that, my dear. If I had known that last week, I should never have called on him. I am afraid we can scarcely escape the acquaintance now." Mrs Bennet choked on her rock cake. Although that might have been the density of the baking. "Will he be at the ball, papa?" Bertha asked. Alice jolted slightly- with everything that had been going on, she had completely forgotten. Next week was the Meryton Assembly, and there would be no getting out of it, not if the rest of the family had determined to go. "He may have disclosed an intention of that kind." The tips of his fingertips pressed together, a sure sign of mischief. "He's bringing a large party. You'd better finish that hat, Alice, dear. Blue becomes you." Bertha and Mary were giggling- a sure sign of plotting- and Petunia's eyebrows were beginning to contract in disdain. That was all their father needed in way of a cue. "And now, I am going to my study." Moving slowly to his feet, he took advantage of his wife's temporary silence to catch his daughter's eye. In the lazy swirls of light spilling through the windows next to her father, Lily could see the absurd twinkle in the blue eyes just visible behind half moon spectacles, inviting her to laugh at the ridiculousness of everything. "Please save your raptures until I am out of the room." Lily would remember the shriek that followed the rest of her days. Years later, she would swear her eardrums had never fully recovered. "What a good joke it were, not to tell us!" Mrs Bennet would later exclaim. Expression schooled into blankness, Lily agreed that it was a very fine joke indeed. But the mirth sparkling her eyes betrayed her, and speaking to Alice later, she would wonder whether her mother would have thought it so remarkably funny, had it been continued an instant longer. He was a tall gentleman, decent looking and richly dressed, with extraordinarily messy hair. An air of careful cultivation clung to him in spite of this, and though it could not be described as fashion, the younger Bennet's could not help but note the colour of his cravat suited his eyes far too well for it to be unintentional. Alice remarked on his uncommon good looks, and Emmeline, on the size of his estate. Lily could not but be irritated by the annoying habit the man had, of tousling up the back of his hair. Everyone here knew each other; knew who they wanted to seek out, who they wanted to avoid, and at whom they would direct their grittiest smiles and falsest pleasantries. Perhaps that was why, when Bingley's party entered, they drew every eye and silenced every gossip. It was true that they were a small community, and to create a sensation of some sort is the undeniable privilege of every stranger entering a small community. But the fact of the matter was that at least one of the strangers entering the assembly that evening did not feel a stranger to the little Hertfordshire society at all. Mr Bingley had been much talked of in Meryton. Every young man of 5,000 a year must be stared at by pretty girls and spoken of by scheming mothers, wherever he may choose to go. If he is handsome, then an entire community may be lost. And Frank Bingley most certainly was that. It was not, however, the much talked of Mr Bingley who drew Lily's eye. For an instant the atmosphere was like that of a church, albeit with a lot more pointed whispering behind hands. As if that would do anything to prevent the five strangers discerning they were the topics of conversation. Then Sir Horace moved forward, hand outstretched in greeting. Emmeline's father was not one for moderation- his booming tone filled the hall, consuming every crevice and filling every ear. Conversation spilled outwards from the party, gaining strength until it filled even the places furthest from the centre that the newcomers had formed. "That gentleman with Bingley. The one with the glasses. I wonder who he is? I don't think papa mentioned him." "He has a very singular expression." Lily replied. "As if the whole world displeased him." Whilst this was true, it was not the whole truth. The gentleman did look displeased. But a strange aura of vitality and intelligence clung to him, perhaps in the way he stood, or the strange contrast between his hands and eyes. For though the latter were fixed and unmoving and filled, Lily believed, with a kind of general aversion for the company, his hands would not stay still. They flitted from his sides to the back of his head, knotted in front of him then behind his back, clenched and unclenched like the opening of a flower. There was a restless vigour in them. Hands not made for stiff ballrooms or stuffy parlours. Dragging her eyes away, Lily smiled at Emmeline. "Are you not engaged to dance with Mr Abbott?" "Oh, hush." Emmeline laughed. The slow bloom of splotchy pink was not missed, however, by her friend. Emmeline raised her eyebrows. "You're intolerable." As it turned out, Lily's hunch about Mr Bingley's friend was to be proven right. The first half of the ball was spent in speculation about his fortune, as the first half of balls generally is when strange young men without wives attend. The gentleman's name was discovered to be James Darcy, and he was a man of extensive property in Darbyshire. Found to be richer by several thousand a year, he was suddenly handsomer and more amiable by far than his friend. Wasn't there something pleasing about the arch of his nose? Something regal? And he carried himself in such a fashion as to put his friend to shame. Lily had to fight the urge to bang her head on the nearest wall. That was, until it was discovered that his manners were conceited, that he was rude to everyone, and above being pleased. Strangely, Mr Bingley was suddenly much more handsome, and much more agreeable. Of course Mr Darcy's nose was perfectly fine, but it was slightly large, and crooked. Regal having given way to supercilious, and there was found to be something uniquely pleasing about Mr Bingley's easy manners and dimpled chin. But it didn't appear to matter what most of the room thought of Mr Bingley's easy manners, or his dimpled chin. The instant the young men were introduced to the young Miss Bennets, Frank Bingley found himself caught. So it was that, though Alice's impossibly good nature had led her to lend Bertha the blue hat which suited her eyes so very well, and her best gown with the loveliest brocade to Mary, she danced not only once with Frank Bingley, but twice. Mrs Bennet could barely stop herself clapping her hands in glee. Watching Alice's second dance, the shortage of young men having obliged her to sit this one out, Lily felt a smile spread across her face. Her elder sister was lovely in a way that Lily had never hoped to be. In a way that made it look as if she had been touched by light. There was a softness about Alice, a gentility, which could