The Lark's Fortune My mother is dead. I'll never hear her sing again when she twirls around the shop and mops the floor. I'll never watch her put on her favorite dress. I'll never listen to her telling funny stories she made up to make us laugh. My father is dead. I'll never watch him work again. I'll never smell the scent of leather and polish on him when he kisses my cheek. I'll never feel safe, protected and sure of my future. Never hear him say, "You're my big girl now, aren't you?" I wake up screaming. The scream echoes in my ear and I imagine it sounds like the screams that left my mother when she died in the fire. Did she have time to scream? Or...was it all over quickly? It's what I hope for. What I wish for. That my parents felt nothing. That they died happy, unassuming, quick. That their deaths didn't hurt them at least, when they will never stop hurting me, their daughter. "What's it Dells?" Dev comes crawling from his own bed into mine. "Nightmare?" 'You've got to be strong, Dells, ' I hear my father say. 'You're all he has now. You can do it. I know you can.' My face breaks into a huge grin. "Haha, you know what Dev? I think I saw a mouse with a red hat in the kitchen yesterday. Like the one in your favorite book. Why don't we search for it tomorrow? Maybe you can keep it as a pet? It'll be our little secret, what do you think?" I'm not going to show Dev my pain. He has it worse, being only six years old. When he's my age, he'll not even remember what they looked like. We have no pictures left. They are all in my mind. They are almost none of the town people left. Only Peeta. Peeta Mellark is the only one left of my friends. No Jenny Midwell, Anna Green, Isa Ermitage. No Toby Swenn, Mike Lewe, Jack Indigo. Only Peeta and he has been tortured. He's not himself. They want me to help him, but I'm not sure what exactly they expect of me. The last years we hadn't been very close. But Dev and Peeta are the only ones left. Left of that life in District 12. I remember that Peeta was good at arts. Maybe...he remembers my parents? Maybe he can draw some portraits for Dev? I'll ask him tomorrow. Dev is already sleeping, cuddles against me and sighs deeply. We have each other. That's more than most people have. It was just my luck that my father had sent me on an errand and Dev had been begging to come with. When I finished the errand we went to the meadow to pick up some flowers for Ma. Dev loved making her happy. Her smile was all that mattered to him. It was luck. Or destiny. I'll never know. My little brother. So small. He's ten years younger than me. If he'd been reaped I couldn't have done anything for him, because I would have been too old to volunteer. He was, what my parents called, their little surprise. They hadn't planned on him. Already prepared me to take over the shoe business. When I turned fifteen my father took me aside and told me that he still wanted me to succeed him later. 'You're our big girl, aren't you Dells?' I hear him. I see him smiling at me, with those huge gentle eyes. Never did he scream at me, never went cross with us. He believed in me, even when I brought home less than stellar grades and teacher's reports that called me simple-minded or unable to concentrate on the important stuff. "The only thing that's important is our family and the shop," he said, "And you know what? You'll be a fantastic shoe maker." He really believed in me, my kind father. My parents loved me so much. It is my duty as well as my destiny to give back what they gave me to little Dev. I'll become Ma and Pa for him. He deserves it. Katniss Everdeen musters me. She's never so much as gave me the time of the day. I wasn't the most popular girl at school. Never one of the beauties, like gorgeous Madge Undersee. Or mysterious, graceful like her. Katniss is our hero. She's always been admired at school. Lonesome, kind - but dangerous. Boys really liked her. Even a few of the girls. Some Seam kids were bullied, but never Katniss. I remember sitting under the apple tree in the schoolyard, one day in summer, just shortly after our third reaping with the merchant kids from our class. I caught Mark Cyan tell Mike that he would love to go to the Slag Heap with Katniss Everdeen. All the boys laughed at that, commenting that Katniss would never go with an ugly troll like Mark, when she was obviously with Gale Hawthorne. Peeta had been blushing heavily, did not laugh, got up hurriedly and excused himself to go home to help his parents. I remember asking Mark what he and Katniss would do at that dirty place? The Slag Heap was not exactly made for hanging out like the Meadow or so. Everyone snickered at that, even my girlfriends, like Jenny. "Oh, Dells," Mark said, obviously glad that their attention wasn't on him anymore, "Go play with your dolls, okay?" Anna told Mark to stuff it and stop teasing me, but all of them still obviously thought me less mature. I came to know later what kids did at the Slag Heap. I felt a certain thrill at that though, a light tingle between my legs. People had sex there. Maybe Katniss went there with that handsome boy she always hung out with? I could just imagine that, they looked so good together. No boy ever showed any interest in me. I liked them all, like I liked my girlfriends. I could never have chosen one of them over the other, though. I liked them, but no one became special to me. Now Katniss thinks I am special. I've never been that, why can't she see? Why can't she see herself for the wonder she is? "You're a bit dense, aren't ya?" Johanna Mason tells me one day in the Cafeteria. I'm intimidated by this woman. She is very blunt. But I don't fault her. I've been called dense before, it's hardly an insult, there is certainly some truth in that statement. "Katniss is jealous," Johanna says, "Cute, busty, blonde merchant girl, and Peeta has a hard-on for you. No wonder, she's pissed." "Peeta loves Katniss," I say indignantly, trying to stare her down and ignoring that tingling between my legs, "How can you even say something like that?" "It's true, little mouse," Johanna says, "Keep telling yourself otherwise, you seem to be good at ignoring reality." What did she mean by that? I hadn't ignored reality. Never. I just try to make the best of it. My parents and friends are dead. I can only stay positive for Dev and help Peeta return to be the man that Katniss has fallen in love with. She's lost so much and she deserves him back. I never felt like Peeta saw me as something more than just a childhood friend. And why should he? He's been in love with Katniss all his life, it is not something you just leave behind. Still, Johanna's words leave me bewildered and strangely aroused. I try to read between the lines the next time I visit Peeta. He is looking better and better. He smiles at me when I come into the room, seems genuinely happy that I'm here. One evening he tells me "I'm so glad you survived, Dells. I wouldn't know what to do...I'm so glad you're here." "Me too," I whisper and realize that his eyelashes are very blond, and so long. He's a very handsome boy and his heart is in the right place. He's been through horrible things and I know I can help him. Peeta grabs my hand and caresses my knuckles. "Why don't you bring your brother next time?" he smiles at me, "Would love to see little Dev again. It seems like eternities since I last saw you two, walking past the bakery." "I don't know," I say hesitantly, feeling kind of flustered. My heart is beating a bit faster and I feel like I'm doing something wrong here. "I promise I won't hurt him," Peeta says gently and keeps caressing me. My nipples harden under that grey uniform we're all forced to wear here. I find myself looking at Peeta's chaffed lips - I think he needs a bit of vaseline or something to make them soft again. Quickly I take my hand away. Peeta looks hurt. I don't want to hurt him, but feel some invisible line has been crossed tonight. "I gotta go," I say and stand up quickly, "Uhm.." "Why?" Peeta looks shocked, "You've only been here for a few minutes. Please stay. Do you remember when we played in your parents' attic, what was that game called again? Dells..Dells, wait." I'm out of the door, my heart beating quickly. What was that? I see my reflection on one of the silver doors to my right. I'm blushing heavily and a few nurses look at me in sympathy. No. No! I'm not going to fall for Peeta Mellark. He is not mine to love. He is not mine to care for. He is not mine at all. I have Dev. More than most people. I will concentrate on Dev and building a new life here in District 13. I ask Plutarch Heavensbee to be excused later that day. Tell him I need to concentrate on my brother and myself, that caring for Peeta is too much for me. He looks disappointed but agrees. "You've done enough, Delly," he says and smiles kindly, while something inside of me mourns the day. "Peeta's been asking for you," Primrose Everdeen stands before me in the Cafeteria. Katniss and her squad left for the Capitol today, to finally end this war and make history. I look up at Katniss' sister and smile. Smiling at people. That's the only thing I'm good at anyway. "Okay," I say back, "Thanks for telling me." I concentrate on the stale bread and stew we cooked earlier. I work in the kitchen, they asigned me to this job when I came here. Primrose sits next to me and I look at her, surprised. "You don't understand, Delly. He's been asking for you for days. Won't you go to him? He's been getting better, but now...I don't know what happened, or if he hurt you in some way, but he needs you. You're all he has left." I shake my head. I feel horrible for abandoning Peeta, but just the thought of being near him is unbearable. I wanted to kiss him that day, tell him everything is going to be alright, that I would always be there for him, but I'm not allowed. I must quench these feelings before they become even the slightest bit stronger. "I can look after Dev, if you're worried about your brother," Prim says, "He can play with Buttercup. Please don't worry, I'll keep him company all day if you like." "That's not it," I whisper, "Dev is taken care of. That's not it." Prim gives me a questioning look, "How are you, Delly? I mean, really, how are you? Did anyone ever ask you that?" "I'm okay," I answer, "This is nothing. Look at Peeta. His whole family is gone. I'm so lucky. Really, I'm fortunate. I'm okay. More than okay. Lucky, I guess. I should be smiling, I have to smile. This is nothing. I love it here. Who wouldn't? We are all lucky, aren't we? We survived, we're healthy.