Author's Note: Post Mockingjay - Pre Epilogue, Everlark Oneshot set in District 12. Felinity is my submission for Prompts in Panem - Peeta's Paint Box - Day Four: Green Felinity "Minou! Minou, where are you?" A shrill female voice cuts through the soothing silence of a summer afternoon in District 12. Katniss returns from a prolonged but unsuccessful hunting trip to the woods. She sets a foot on the meadow, breathing in the peacefulness of the day. Small white butterflies are dancing in the sunlight, searching for the sweetest scented flowers they can find. The deep green meadow in full bloom is a rare sight to behold at the end of August. During these last months District 12 has seen unusual amounts of rain - a season with no draught made the lush nature flourish this year. Miriam Graniter, clothed in dark pants and a tight fitting black shirt, appears like an intruder in that scenery, a trespasser who doesn't understand the unspoken rules of the woods and the meadow. This is a place that should always be silent. Not a place for high pitched screaming. "Hello Mrs. Mellark," the girl shouts when she makes out Katniss in the distance. ' Took her long enough to realize she isn't alone ' Katniss suppresses the urge to press both hands over her ears when she walks silently over to Miriam. Anything to stop that shouting. "Have you seen Minou? The kitten of my little brother? We last saw her yesterday and he is in tears - panicking that something happened to her! Oh, her short hair is silver-colored and she has a small scar over her left eye." Miriam wears her black curly hair in a braid, her complexion dark. Her grey eyes however, appear pale and ghostly. Katniss shakes her head. "Haven't seen her, Miriam." This girl reminds her of someone who is long lost... Miriam looks around the meadow. "She couldn't have gone into the woods, right? If she did, I'm afraid I'll never find her again." "I checked all the snares recently," Katniss says and points to the lone rabbit she is carrying. "There was no cat. I think focusing on town might be your best bet. Sometimes even cats need a bit of time to themselves." Katniss moves again in the direction of the former Victor's Village, leaving Miriam and her issues behind. She feels another headache coming. Lately she has been feeling unwell and it affects her hunting. It seems that Peeta has to put up with another rabbit-based meal again. "When you're used to squirrel, rabbit is quite the feast," he had told her a couple of days ago. They hadn't eaten squirrel since the rebellion - there had been no need to return to the scrawny animal as their meat resource. Her game bag is getting lighter with each passing hunt and that Peeta cracked that joke about squirrel made it clear how tough it must be for him and a knot of familiar guilt settles in her stomach. Peeta works hard physically and needs his strength. There is a sense of belonging when it comes to feeding Peeta. It is her job to hunt fresh game and cook for him and she gladly took over these responsibilities after they moved in together. It invariably satisfies her when Peeta comes home after a long day at the bakery to a well cooked meal. He sits at their kitchen table, smiles and tells her stories about his day. Looks genuinely happy about whatever she dishes up. He makes sure to eat every last bite - and she loves watching him eat. Nowadays, she is tired all the time, especially out in her woods, her natural environment. Being outdoors always had a relaxing effect on Katniss but feeling fatigue after a day of ineffective hunting is new. There is a lot of game in the woods during this time of the year. She just doesn't find the energy to track a deer or shoot a pheasant. So every day she checks her snares - and rabbit it is. Peeta would never complain about the lack of variety in their food. Him and her, they both remember those days vividly - when food was scarce. On a night a few years ago when they were lying in bed together - naked and baring their souls to each other - Peeta had told her that he went to bed with a growling stomach most nights. He dreamed about his father's bread and cakes. Seeing them - even making them - but not being allowed to eat, that had been the story of Peeta growing up. She had told Peeta a horror story of her own, shared one of her deepest secrets. Katniss had been so hungry after her father died that she had eaten mud. She had been a bit ashamed to admit it, but that was before Peeta threw her the bread, made her find hope again. She had regretted that meal dearly when she got very bad stomach cramps later. Hoping her mother would realize why her daughter had been sick was a hope held in vain. Mrs. Everdeen didn't lift a finger to get any sort of work for her starving daughters sake. Katniss sighs and enters their house in the former Victor's Village through the back door. Buttercup is lying on the windowsill in their sitting room, following her movements with indifferent, cloudy eyes. She walks over to the cat and caresses him lightly, scratching a spot behind his right ear. Buttercup loves this particular way of petting and should be purring, but tonight something seems off. Buttercup looks like Katniss feels. Old, shriveled, done. Old? Yes, Buttercup is an old cat. A grandfather cat. He had been Prim's cat and Prim died 15 years ago. When the little duck first brought Buttercup to their small home in the Seam he hadn't been a kitten. So maybe, after all these years it is simply time to go for old Buttercup? How long do cats live anyway? Unable to even look at those sad eyes anymore Katniss walks into the kitchen. Blinking away a few drops of dry tears she starts to skin the rabbit in the sink and prepares the ingredients needed for a hearty rabbit stew, hurrying because Peeta will be home soon. From the kitchen window she can overlook the street of the former Victor's Village. Katniss opens the window and listens to the quacking of Haymitch's geese. She should buy one from Haymitch - roast goose sounds more appealing than another week of rabbit - so she goes into the cellar where they store some white liquor. Haymitch still drinks, but not as much as he used to. When Katniss wants something from him a bottle of his favourite drink works wonders. She returns to the kitchen - planning a short check on the pot of stew simmering on the stove before she leaves for Haymitch's - when she he hears a girlish laugh through the open window. Surprised she looks up and sure - out there on the street before her house stands Miriam, holding a grey kitten in her arms. In front of her, with his back to the kitchen window, the steady figure of a blonde man can be seen - Peeta is home. She wants to call out a greeting and lifts her fist to knock on the window when he starts to talk in a low, husky voice, good and simply Peeta... "Look at you! You're such a pretty pussy, right? Yes, you are! Aww...I can't help it, I just have to pet you, little kitty cat." He laughs deeply and gently scratches the small animal resting in Miriam's arms under the chin. Katniss' mouth falls open. She can't help but stare through the window, unable to cope with what she just heard, her cheeks flaming red - even though nobody is present to witness her embarrassment. Peeta is using that voice. The voice nobody is allowed to hear, nobody but Katniss ever gets to hear - or so she thought. His bedroom voice. His voice only gets like this when Peeta is hard for her, when he is incredibly turned on and he wants her to get soaking wet. Wants her to lose control, to thrash and moan. When he lies between her legs and he opens them up to get her ready, licks his lips, makes eye contact and shortly before he takes that last step, that first tentative taste with the tip of his ton... "Thank you for getting her out, Mr. Mellark, you're a life saver! My brother will be so happy to have Minou back. I still can't see how she managed to get stuck in Mr. Abernathy's old tool shed." Katniss almost forgot that Miriam is present and is having a conversation with Peeta. She shifts uncomfortably to the left side of the window, pressing her legs together. The girl looks at Peeta with adoration shining in her youthful face, a faint pink blush tinting her cheeks. Remembering how she knows Miriam, the feeling of familiarity is back. She is the daughter of a coal miner. A real Seam girl. But Miriam never lived in the Seam as she was born in District Thirteen during the rebellion. Gale got her family out in the woods. Katniss revokes the image of Miriam's heavily pregnant mother, who'd been about twenty when District 12 was destroyed. The family returned and helped to rebuild the town, where they reside now. ' She could be my daughter, ' she thinks. If she'd been pregnant in the Quell for real. Miriam looks like a younger, healthier version of herself. And from behind Peeta passes as a sixteen year old. This scene Katniss is witnessing out there seems like a rerun of the famous last moments of the 74th Hunger Games that are shown on TV every year. Thanks to Plutarch Heavensbee Katniss knows the pictures of her and Peeta's interaction in the first arena by heart. One thing to be thankful for is that they never show Katniss' mortifying moment of hesitation after the rule change. That short instant where she nearly shot Peeta in his heart, that second she will never not feel deeply ashamed for. They had been filmed from a total of seven camera perspectives, including one that filmed Peeta from behind. There is one difference. Teenage Katniss never looked at Peeta like a lovesick little girl. But now someone does. A young, darling girl. A girl whose body isn't a battlefield, criss crossed with ugly scars. A girl who is not worn out, her features gaunt, because she tortured herself too many long nights about useless 'what-if' scenarios in her head, scared to let go and unable to move forward. A girl that doesn't know the harsh reality of war, pain and depression. A girl that would never hurt the one she loves and lash out brutally, denying to even acknowledge him for days. An ill-favoured feeling, similar to loathing builds up in Katniss. Directed towards that girl out there, who has done nothing wrong, only searched for her little brother's lost kitten. What is this? "Did the green eyed monster visit you tonight, my baby?" Katniss turns around in shock. The kitchen is empty. Distressed, she loses her grip on the white liquor bottle which crashes loudly on the floor, alcohol and shards scattering as far as the kitchen table. It's been over twenty years since she had a visit from her father's ghost. She needs to get away, away from the kitchen so she runs upstairs, to the bedroom and slams the door behind herself. They do have locks in here, but the keys are downstairs, so she cannot lock the door. Panicking she makes for the adjacent bathroom, shedding her clothes as she goes. Opening the tap she lets warm water in the tub, then sits down on the