Author's Note: The loss of innocence is my submission for Prompts in Panem - Peeta's Paint Box - Day Six: Violet It is part II of a Series, The lesser of two evils, but you don't need to read Part I, it works as a standalone. The loss of innocence "Why do you have to go back now? I just don't see the need. Why can't they let us rest until the Victory Tour?" Peeta looks around the kitchen and his blue eyes meet the gaze of Mrs. Everdeen, who gives an impalpable nod and disappears deeper into the house. He feels uncomfortable in Katniss' home. The atmosphere is so cozy and lively that it makes the absence of his own family next door glaringly obvious. He grips his tea cup tighter. "I told you. An art-supply company wants me to do a propo for them. They're producing a new oil color assortment, even calling it 'Peeta's Paint Box'. The Capitol is not asking for my opinion, they ordered me to promote it. I have to go and shoot a series of commercials before the product launch," Peeta says and hopes his voice is steady instead of laced with the icy fear that is clenching around his heart. It is actually Katniss' voice that's shaky and nervous when she replies. "I don't like it. And I don't want you to go, because…" She hesitates and he thinks of what he wants her to say; 'Because I care, because it wasn't an act, because I love you as much as you love me.' He wishes for her to say something meaningful to hold on to later, then chides himself for these thoughts, uncomfortably aware that he is not over her, she doesn't feel the same and never will. In a way that makes everything easier. "It's just, I'm scared," she whispers. All he manages is a small nod in return. "It feels weird. You and Haymitch going to the Capitol without me. I wouldn't want to go back either, but I'm afraid that….if only the two of you go…once you're gone….that…" She stops and turns to look out of the kitchen window while Peeta watches the subtle muscle movements beneath the olive skin of her long and graceful neck. He knows what she implies but can't bring herself to say. She's afraid that they won't come back. He can't do a thing to lessen her fears, but he tries anyway. "Haymitch and I, we will look after each other in the Capitol, don't worry. It'll only be a week. You'll barely notice we're gone, you have…" 'Gale', he almost says, but stops and pushes the thought of Gale and Katniss together far away or he won't be able to board that train, won't be able to take that step, won't be able to do what needs to be done. Not with dark thoughts of jealousy consuming him at the same time. "…your mother and Prim to keep you company," he finishes instead. She sighs and says no more. He wishes that Haymitch wouldn't have insisted on informing Katniss on their trip to the Capitol. He is afraid she'll see right through him when he returns, that she'll immediately know something worse than a simple propo shoot took place. Katniss is more attentive than she gives herself credit for. Haymitch is right though, they couldn't leave her in the dark. What if she'd appeared on Haymitch's doorstep, wanting to talk, only to find both of them gone? She would've assumed they were abducted by the Capitol or worse. He finishes the last sip of his luke warm peppermint tea and stands up. "I have to go and pack my bag. The train leaves shortly before midnight," he says and they make for the door. "Do you want me to come to the station later?" Katniss asks, handing him his coat. 'Yes,' he thinks. "No," he says. "There won't be any cameras so don't worry - we don't have to force ourselves to act out a big farewell scene in the middle of the night. Effie stayed in the Capitol to work out my itinerary anyway," he says, flinching inwardly at the harshness of his words. The look Katniss gives him is sad, uncomfortable. She doesn't insist on going again. He takes a long final glance at her. Katniss' alluring grey eyes are dark with something akin to concern. Her face appears pale in the twilight of the fading day. She is wearing a tightly woven green wool dress which compliments her curves, makes her look more womanly. Certainly a Cinna creation. Her hair is open, falling down over her shoulders in shiny, wavy curls. He imagines he can smell an earthy fragrance when she moves around him to open the door. His cock stirs slightly in response to a whiff of pinewood needles that defines Katniss. Thanks to the fear it is easier to ignore tonight. Peeta longs to touch her so badly. He has to bite on his cheeks - hard - drawing blood to resist the urge to kiss her soft looking lips. It had been weeks since he last had the pleasure of having Katniss in his arms. Weeks since he had been allowed, even expected to hold her and feel her warm embrace, her petite mouth kissing him softly. Memories are the only thing he has left. The strong taste of the metallic liquid is threatening to choke him, so he swallows and mumbles a short goodbye, unable to look at her any longer, knowing the next time they meet he will be irrevocably changed. She will get suspicious if he makes too big of a deal. He never wanted them to change him. The Hunger Games nearly did it. This certainly will. "Peeta! Wait," Katniss says urgently when he steps out and he sees her smaller hand reach out for his left one, feels her long fingers interweave with his. ' Don't cry. Don't let it show on your face. Don't cry. Don't let her see. Don't cry. ' His thoughts are like a prayer, a mantra he tries to hold on to. He forces himself not to break down and smiles at her. "See you next week, Katniss," he says and Katniss squeezes his hand, smiling back at him. "You're real, Peeta. Real," Katniss says, lifts her other arm reassuringly to slowly caress his cheek and then lets go so fast, it is as if she's never touched him at all. He immediately misses her warmth. He doesn't understand the meaning of her words or the gesture. He feels comforted all the same, assured that the path he is about to take is the right one. She will be safe and will never know, that's the only thing that matters. Katniss closes the door and Peeta stares longingly at the dangling door wreath, which undoubtedly has been hand crafted by her little sister. Peeta wonders if he should have embraced Katniss. The moment is gone and he didn't. Outright regret ties itself around his insides like rope. "Goodbye," he whispers into the darkness of the Victor's Village, not sure who the addressee of that last farewell is supposed to be. The place is called The Mauve Mare and located at the top floor of Equine Resort Hotel, only two buildings left to the Training Center where the Capitol grooms innocent kids in the art of slaughter each year. How very fitting that this is the next stop Peeta's own personal hell train. Haymitch took Peeta to the location which Portia called a 'sky bar' and then quickly left without even finishing one small glass of white liquor, unable to stand the tension. Peeta is almost sorry for Haymitch. His mentor doesn't know how to act around him anymore. Since the day Haymitch first came to him with his request, just a week after the return from the Capitol, they have a hard time communicating. Haymitch is obviously tormented by feelings of guilt - as if he has any power to prevent this, when it is clear he is as much a pawn in this game as Peeta is. In the train to the Capitol and when he was back with his prep team earlier today he caught Haymitch looking at him, felt that he tried to make this better somehow, tried to make a difference by saying something - anything - helpful. In the end Haymitch only looked away quickly when their gazes met, silence the only comfort he was capable of giving. The sort of mentoring that is needed in this situation must feel foreign to Haymitch. He never saw a tribute survive and by the looks of it never stepped into an alien establishment like The Mauve Mare. Still Peeta is glad that Haymitch came here with him, a little bit comforted that he's not entirely abandoned by the everyone. He told his family the same lie as the Everdeen's. They barely shrugged when he visited the bakery to say goodbye, only his mother gave him a disapproving glance, mumbling something about him being ungrateful and arrogant with all that Capitol talk. He didn't have the energy left to feel hurt by her words. Better for his mother if she stayed unaware. Not sure what will happen next he looks around the room, taking in this new environment. True to its name the sky bar overlooks the whole Capitol - the view is magnificent. The place is furnished in fabrics that come in all shades of lilacs, the chairs, the table and even the drinks - everything is colored purple. He is sits at the bar and next to him an older woman gulps down a drink that looks like liquid poison, something people in District 12 would never dare to touch. In the middle of the room a huge amethyst statue of a stallion rampant is dominating the scenery. The proportions of the horse statue are grotesque, even unrealistic. In all its animalistic glory, no stallion has reproductive organs of that size, even erect. Peeta can't help but laugh out loud when he sees it, earning a curious look from the lady sitting next to him. Honestly, all of this is extremely stupid and ridiculous and so very Capitol. He is here, he knows what he has to do, he knows what is expected of him. But he has no idea if and how this will work in practice. Nobody gave him an instruction manual and he regrets that he was far too embarassed to talk about the details with Haymitch when he had the chance. Now he is entirely on his own and almost as scared as he was in the arena. The Hunger Games are games with rules. However horrible they are, you can prepare and plan how to play. This is a game unlike any other and he has been declared the loser from the get-go. He will let it go so that she won't have to. His innocence. After arriving in the Capitol Haymitch and Peeta had been greeted by Effie at the station. Peeta never thought he would see the Capitol again only a few weeks after the Games, thought he left it behind until the Victory Tour would be coming up half a year later. Effie looked ecstatic and extravagant in a turquoise mini dress and seven inch high heels. She ushered them to the hotel where he was about to stay during his trip. Unfortunately there was no time to rest as he was lead into some kind of spa area where his old prep team already spread out an abundance of suits, deciding on what he was about to wear for every day and every hour of the next week. He was told he had to change clothes at least thrice a day. Underwear changes were required to occur every hour! "Peeta, Peeta, darling! How are you?" Portia kissed his cheeks and brought him into