Author's Note: The Lark's Lament is a M-rated Johanna Mason/Peeta Mellark story. If you don't like the idea, it is probably best for you to turn around now... To those (few) who remain: Welcome, welcome! I hope you enjoy this pairing which works pretty well in my opinion. And I say that as an Everlark fan! :) I. Angel of Death Thirteen year old Peeta Mellark had just received a beating to remember at the hands of his very own mother, when he first laid eyes on deadly but radiant Johanna Mason on television. He had been trying to sneak away from the compulsive Hunger Games viewing on a Sunday afternoon in the town hall with two of his best friends, merchant boys like himself. In Peeta's opinion there wasn't much sense in watching the Hunger Games in public with the other merchant families. Seam families usually didn't come to the public viewings in the town hall, they were probably watching at the miner's building next to the slag heap. Unfortunately that meant no Katniss Everdeen to keep throwing shy glances at. Admiring Katniss made any day better and would have helped to distract Peeta from watching what was happening on the screen. The Games were always brutal and there was no censoring, the Capitol made sure of that. He couldn't bear to watch them with all those people around. At thirteen, Peeta and his classmates had just survived their second reaping. Peeta had nightmares about the Games, especially during the time they were on. There was always blood, too much blood. Bodies torn open and bowels exposed. And the violence, the brutality. He was old enough to be reaped, to be a part in the Games but they still instilled a quiet horror within. One evening, when he had been seven years old, he had thrown up his entire dinner at home. A tribute had their head hacked off with an axe and the images produced scary nightmares he couldn't seem to get rid of for a long time. The Hunger Games scared Peeta. Each year - like a clockwork - he was afraid. Afraid that he or his brothers could be reaped, although that was not very likely. He had been much more anxious that he had to watch these horrendous Games on television. When his mother insisted the Mellarks go to the public viewing, Peeta had been scared that he would embarass his parents by vomitting all over the town hall floor. That wasn't uncommon, other kids had done it before. His mother shrugged of his worries, probably thinking him a sissy. She wanted the family to be seen in town, they needed to advertise for the bakery. That didn't make any sense, since Mellark's bakery was the only bakery in District 12, but his mother had been firm about the outing. When a pair of Peacekeepers caught the trio and brought the boys back to their parents, the look in his mother's eyes promised a beating he would never forget. Naturally she wouldn't beat him in in front of the screen, where all could see. His mother smiled at a friend of hers and said something about boys being boys, but Peeta knew she was fuming. He had made Mellark's Bakery the center of negative attention - in public. When they were back home, his father and his brothers disappeared to unknown hiding places, sensing Mrs. Mellark's wrath. That evening his mother made good use of his father's peel on him, in front of the bakery oven. Later that night she forced him to watch the Games in their tiny living room, standing up, because sitting hurt too much. That was when he consciously registered seventeen year old Johanna Mason for the first time. She seemed like an innocent, fragile girl. Somehow his heart went out to her. He could identify with her, as she must have been very afraid and alone. Poor her. When Johanna won the 71st Hunger Games however, she looked anything but frail. More like an dazzling angel of death. Peeta, at thirteen, had not been a very good judge of character. He had been projecting his own feelings about the Games on Johanna, as he imagined himself in her position. Playing the weakling, manipulating people into helping and underestimating her - that had been Johanna's plan all along. She fooled everyone and came out as the triumphant victor. Peeta's sympathy for Johanna turned into unease and he was relieved that he didn't have to watch the Hunger Games for another year, forgetting all about Johanna Mason and her clever strategies. The next time he becomes aware of Johanna Mason is when he is seventeen himself, a victor of the Hunger Games. Johanna had probably been in the Capitol to mentor District 7's tributes for the 74th Hunger Games. But Peeta didn't pay much attention to anyone expect Katniss Everdeen, knowing he was about to die and creating a plan with their mentor, Haymitch Abernathy to protect Katniss. He had to focus on getting in with the careers, studying the way the deadly group thought and where their vulnerabilities laid. He doesn't remember seeing any other mentor after the games either, most likely because of the drugs he was forced to take. They removed his leg, and the pain had been strong. Sometimes he still feels an uncomfortable aching in his non-existant leg. His brain hasn't caught up completely with the reality of losing it. What happened after the Games, he barely remembers. Everything went by in a blur. Peeta knew he wouldn't survive the Hunger Games. They made him sick just watching them, how could he ever be a contender? Even his mother had known the truth. Peeta was too soft for the brutality of it all. He faced it all the same, because the only thing he could do was to help better Katniss' chances. That was all. That he survived had been a miracle. For a short time after the Games were over he had been in seventh heaven. Quite naively he thought that all he ever dreamt of was about to come true. A relationship with Katniss Everdeen, the girl he had adored since childhood. There would be more kissing. And when they would finally be back home alone, they would do more than just kiss! Away from the cameras and away from the Capitol. Naturally that didn't work out. When Katniss confessed that she had been acting in the arena that had hurt. A lot. But not more than what came after the Games. Peeta was unlucky. He had had a full blown crush on Katniss before the Games. But during the Games that crush changed into something more. Love had crept up on him. He started to get to know her better and that entailed the real Katniss. The harsh reality was that Katniss would never love him back. At least not in the way he loved her. He knew that when he saw her and Gale Hawthorne together after her hunting partner had been whipped. All the jealousy in the world didn't change the fact that he was not Katniss' choice. They would get married, but she loved another. That was a horrible feeling. He was frustrated about it and didn't want the wedding to happen. Katniss was forced to settle with him. He reluctantly agreed to it, to save all their lives, but was torn apart on the inside, hating everything about that fake marriage, starting from that stupid proposal at the end of the Victory Tour to the faked smiles he had to wear for their prep teams and the Capitol citizens. When the announcement of the Quarter Quell was made, everything fell into place. He felt like he found his mission in life. That this true purpose was a sure death sentence didn't matter much. Making sure Katniss would survive became the most important thing. He stopped caring about himself during that time, knowing that no one would really miss him anyway. As soon as he talked to Haymitch about going into the arena, he made sure to get tapes of past Hunger Games. Watching as a kid had been appalling. Now he has to watch them from a different perspective. He makes extensive notes about each and every weakness of the victors and studies their behaviour carefully. He doesn't come as far as watching Johanna's games until shortly after the reaping. When he is in the train heading for the Capitol, he chooses a tape randomly and that tape turns out to be the one of the 71st Hunger Games. As soon as Johanna's scared face fills the television screen he remembers these particular Games, and his own memories of the beating he received after the public viewing four long years ago. Watching it now, all his focus is turned on Johanna Mason. She is an excellent actress. Not one of the other tributes suspect a thing when she is crying, bemoaning her fate and sniffing all the time. The Game makers give her a lousy two and even that seems to be a gift. In the arena one by one they all die like flies. Girls and boys alike, careers from One and Two and the seam kids from Twelve. The one who keeps on living and outlasts them all is weakling Johanna. She manages to snag an axe, her weapon of choice as it turns out, from the Cornucopia at the beginning of the Games and that alone makes the other tributes and probably even the audience look on in awe. And how she can handle that axe! Johanna has no qualms about using it, and kills all but eight tributes by throwing it around like a boomerang. After winning she pushes her axe high up over her head and into the night sky while letting out a magnificent war cry. Then Johanna Mason is smiling knowingly into the camera. In the interview with Caesar Flickerman Johanna turns out to be quick witted and sarcastic. The way she talks is almost rebellious in a way, but Peeta might imagine this, because who would dare to defy the Capitol in the interviews? Peeta can't help but notice that she also looks stunning in an airy violet cocktail dress that clings to her athletic body like a second skin. Peeta is sure Johanna Mason is one to watch out for in the Quell. She seems to know exactly what she is doing and Peeta feels an all too familiar fear in the pit of his stomach. He hopes they all trained enough so that Katniss stands a chance during combat. Sighing he turns to the next tape, when Katniss joins him for more watching. Katniss did grow more distant each day during the last weeks and Peeta suspects it has to do with Gale. He wonders if she and Gale did more than just kiss, after the Quell Announcement. He is almost sure they did, as Katniss doesn't visit him in his train compartment at night anymore. They were always holding one another, helping each other with the nightmares on the Victory Tour. But whatever happened then seems to be in the past. Gone. Katniss keeps her distance and Peeta can't blame her. Sleeping in the same bed would be cheating on Gale and Katniss is just too pure and honest to do something like this to a boyfriend. This is one of the reasons why Peeta likes her so much. She would never betray the one she chose to be with. If he is honest, he himself cannot really feel betrayed by Katniss, because her love is something he never had. Katniss never promised him anything, and while he thinks that she definitely cares for him, he can feel that romance is a non issue when it comes to her feelings for him. Admittedly they are in a life and death situation. Who knows how her feelings would have developed