Author's Note: This is a One Shot, set in the Capitol during Book One, The Hunger Games, shortly after the Games are over and before the trio returns to District 12. I thought it might be interesting to see how Haymitch copes with the fact that he has two winners on him for the first time. It's only when Haymitch Abernathy is sitting in a posh restaurant near the Capitol center with yellow haired and big-bellied Aonus Rore, that he realizes that praising Katniss Everdeen's good points to Capitol mogul Lemus Churcher might not have been his best idea. The 74th Hunger Games are over and for the first time since Haymitch became victor himself, he is not only going home with a victor. No, there will be two victors. No coffins, no crying families, no depressing funerals. Haymitch is almost unable to cope with that sort of unheard happy situation. When the Capitol game makers changed the rules and allowed two victors to be crowned, Haymitch knew better. He knew better, but he couldn't communicate with Katniss and Peeta directly, and if he had that opportunity, what good would have that done anyway? He was certain that Peeta wouldn't make it out, but the boy deserved to die in a honorable fashion, with the girl he loved holding his hand. The least he could do was to keep them unaware and let Peeta pass calmly, with his dream of a future still intact. The baker's youngest son turned out to be a kind and sensitive young man, intelligent to the point of being almost philosophical. Haymitch was impressed with the courage that the town boy possessed. He had been selfless. Selfless enough to come to Haymitch and ask for help in a plan to save Katniss Everdeen, choosing a girl he barely knew, over himself. Peeta had accepted to die. For her. Haymitch teased the boy, told him that he was being foolish, that this were only the hormones talking, but in the end agreed to help, after Peeta calmly claimed that he wouldn't want any help from Haymitch thereafter. If only Haymitch would grant his dying wish. It was heroic and stupid. However it had been his request all the same. Peeta Mellark may have been naive, but he was a sixteen year old boy, hopelessly in love. So who could fault him? Haymitch knew that he could never have given up himself like this at this age, being so much closer to Katniss in his character traits. He and Katniss Everdeen - they were just too similar. From the Seam, survivor types, no time for any notion of sappy romance in their lifes. Luckily he didn't have to decide who to work for, who to woo the sponsors for. The decision was made for him and he was thankful that he got Peeta's blessing to concentrate on her. On Katniss Everdeen. In a way, Haymitch understands Peeta, he understands the Capitol and he is shocked when he realizes that even he, the drunk mentor, the joke of District 12, is wowed by a tribute. For the first time in 23 years. How she volunteered for her sister, her dazzling smile on the chariot, her skills with the bow and arrow - it wasn't hard to see why Katniss Everdeen became everybody's darling. As soon as she first stepped out from that Train from District 12, and Haymitch watched the cheering crowd, he could feel it in the air. There had been a different atmosphere in the Capitol. Like a star was born, a more modern era had started, a new generation of something wondrous was about to begin. Even though Haymitch hadn't sobered up completely when they arrived at the training center, he knew that there was change about to happen and soon. The prep teams who were usually more than unhappy with District 12 tributes, were suddenly envied for having Katniss at their hands. And for the first time since Haymitch mentored, victors, celebrities, politicians and other important people alike, were asking for a chat, wanting to know everything about her. Effie Trinket was having a field day, as she had never seen such a favorable response to any tribute before. The Capitol men were in awe of the soft, but fierce huntress, so skilled in the art of survival. The women wanted to be like her, compassionate and loving, they adored her hair and imitated her style. Katniss Everdeen even started a trend with the citizens and brought the braid back in style. On his way to the restaurant, Haymitch saw children and even an eighty year old woman wearing Katniss' signature braid. He sits down at the table where middle-aged Aonus Rore is already waiting for him. Rore is supposed to be an important man here in the Capitol. Over the years, Haymitch hadn't had much contact with Rore. He doesn't even know what exactly Rore's occupation is, only that it has to do with the victors. Aonus Rore hadn't worked for the Hunger Games when Haymitch won 24 years ago, at least Haymitch doesn't remember the guy from these days. He never really met him officially. Haymitch knows nothing about the protocol or what exactly happens after the Games. Precisely because it has been 24 years, there must've been some changes. This is much more Effie Trinket's forte than his. Maybe the meeting is about the Victory Tour? Haymitch shakes his head. So many meetings and all these different people are as new to him as that green liquor that is now served in the Capitol. He will always prefer the white liquor. It had been popular in his twenties and Haymitch has been loyal to the drink ever since. "Oh, Mr. Abernathy. It is so nice that you found the time, I'm sure you are quite busy," Rore smiles at Haymitch, who can almost smell the Capitol faked sweetness. "I did order you a drink, I hope you don't mind, do you?" Rore chuckles at his own joke. Everyone in the Capitol knows that Haymitch Abernathy is a drunk. But Haymitch doesn't want to get drunk tonight, the situation with Katniss and President Snow is not exactly easy, and Peeta has another leg surgery this evening - the prosthesis is not fitting as it should. He is under no delusions that he can refuse this meeting and not even the drink. This is not a nice evening chat, it is not an invitation. It is a duty he has to carry out. Effie Trinket rushed him out of the door earlier this afternoon, saying that, in no way, he can miss this important appointment with Rore. "Congratulations, my dear Mr. Abernathy. Two victors, that's something, isn't it? The Games get more exciting every year, don't they?" Rore begins, not aware that Haymitch has no idea what he wants and that he is most likely the wrong person to talk to. Could this be about the berries? Haymitch starts to sweat and feels a tad more nervous than before. "So, Katniss Everdeen, the girl on fire. What a victor, what a lady, what a hero! She is the talk of the town. Everyone just loves her, and those who sponsored, aah, they are overjoyed that they contributed to her victory!" Haymitch takes a deep slug of his drink. The sponsors? Yes, it never had been easier to get them than this year. Haymitch has to admit though, that he stopped trying, really trying after the first three years. He couldn't take the tributes dying. He turned to drink and tuned their panicking voices out. Didn't really care much anymore and only made some half-hearted attempts at getting gifts. He couldn't help it. If he hadn't drowned out these children with the help of white liquor he would've killed himself. Not caring about the tributes, that was the only way to survive the yearly games and the annual trips to the Capitol. Until this year came around. Haymitch realizes that, even when he thought that Katniss was about to die in the arena, he already cared for her. More than he ever cared for any tribute before. He remembers each name, he remembers each face, but he had forced himself not to care. But then she volunteered. Katniss was so different. When she was in the arena, he did everything in his power to help her. Gifts weren't cheap, not at all. And rich people could be extremely picky, especially at the beginning of the Games. When Effie told him the price for the burn balm, that Katniss needed, he had to calm down, nearly smashing a vase on the ground. It had been so horrendously high! Shocked, he never thought someone would honestly pay that much money. It had been early in the games. But he underestimated the rich Capitol sponsors. He got the gift so easily, it was almost ridiculous. Aonus Rore takes as sip from his drink and says, "Well, everyone here just adores our beautiful Miss Everdeen. I think I've never seen Caesar Flickerman so smitten with a tribute. And he is not the only one. There are many happy sponsors, I'm very pleased to tell you. One sponsor in particularly. You have certainly convinced Lemus Churcher of Katniss' gorgeousness, that's for sure. He fancies her. Good Job, Mr. Abernathy." Rore laughs dirtily and orders more drinks. Churcher, Churcher? Haymitch curses inwardly. He didn't want to get drunk, but it is too late, he notices because he has a hard time concentrating. Who was Churcher again? During the games, the high society of the Capitol mingled with the mentors in a huge banquet hall of a hotel, especially decorated for extended Hunger Games viewings on gigantic screens. Haymitch's job was to talk to all those Capitol people and to convince them that this fantastic tribute of his deserved all the gifts and more. Sponsor hunting. And it worked. Better than ever before. The gifts for Katniss had been expensive, but thanks to her getting an Eleven and her popularity, the Capitol people put their stakes on Katniss and wanted to help her out. There had been this balding man, in his fifties, maybe a little older. He was very interested in Katniss, wanting to know everything about her. Effie then told Haymitch that this towering man was one of the richest men in the Capitol and went by the name of Lemus Churcher. Haymitch sang the praise of Katniss to the mogul, when the games were nearing the end and the gifts became unaffordable, even by Capitol standards. Lemus Churcher was a different type of Capitol breed. He signed the cheque for a gift without blinking once and clapped Haymitch on the back saying something about hopefully meeting Katniss in person soon. Haymitch remembers that he didn't like the guy much, but why should he have cared? Churcher helped in keeping Katniss alive, that had been the only thing that counted. "I'm glad, he liked her. Katniss is very thankful for every gift, she received in the arena," Haymitch says, relieved that he manages not to slur. He wants the man to get to the point, so that he can get back and check on Peeta. Haymitch worries about that leg of his, it didn't look good this afternoon. "I understand that Katniss is quite busy at the moment, just having won the Games, there must be so much to do. I didn't have time to check with Miss Trinket, but when do you think will Miss Everdeen be able to come back to the Capitol? There is almost half a year until the Victory Tour, so we must be able to squeeze in some dates in the middle of all that, right?" Aonus Rore takes out a little black notebook and a pen, and looks expectantly at Haymitch, ready to write something down. "Come back? I'm not sure, I'm not her secretary, to be honest," Haymitch laughs nervously. Why