I. Sender: Gale Hawthorne I wake up with a gasp. For a short moment I am disoriented - the bed, the room - everything seems unfamiliar. I think I was dreaming. It wasn't a nightmare, that I am sure of. No, the lingering effects of a dream are still there. I dreamt of home. My old home, in the Seam. From before...before everything really. The dream was vague and I realize I'm not in our small cramped bed together with Prim. I am, in fact, all alone in my huge house in the Victor's Village. It's been two years since the rebellion, since a new era began for Panem. I groan, when the fleeting images of Prim leave my consciousness. It felt so real. I have a nagging suspicion why I dreamed of the Seam this night. Today is the 14th of June, Saturday. A train will arrive from District 2. And Gale will be on it. A few weeks ago a letter arrived in the letter box. Panem has a functioning postal system now. Gale wrote this letter and it arrived just one day later. Trains are still the main use of transportation in Panem, but the new postal ministry has received two or three hovercrafts from the government. They deliver food, materials and letters. Letters arrive every week. From my mother, from Annie, Effie, Hazelle, yes even Johanna seems to prefer the written word over phone calls. Even fan mail from the odd dedicated Mockingjay fan sometimes finds its way to my small red letter box. To my own amazement I enjoyed getting all those letters. I became an avid writer of letters then, so they would never stop coming in. I have a lot of free time. I still hunt, early in the mornings when the day has just arrived and everyone in District Twelve is asleep. When I return, around midday after having lunch in the woods, I usually sit at my desk, take out my fountain pen and put it to paper. Writing fills me with an unknown joy I didn't know I had left in me. I never was a natural talker, but when I write I can think about what I really want to say and the words flow freely. It felt good and even Dr. Aurelius said it seemed to work like therapy for me. I spent most of my free time from afternoon to evening writing letters. I started to collect stationary and I have a huge assortment now with every pattern and color imaginable. My passion for letter writing didn't go unnoticed and Haymitch proved to be surprisingly thoughtful. He built me the beautiful red letter box for my birthday last year. There is even a small golden Mockingjay figurine adorned at the left side. Haymitch thought it gave the box a personal touch. It was the best present and I nearly started to cry when he gave it to me. It meant a lot. Swearing off the white liquor - it certainly had been the hardest thing for him. I can't see how he managed to do it and finally stopped drinking - but he did it. I feel proud of him. He told me he needed something to keep him occupied though and geese herding just wasn't demanding enough. He tried a lot of things and somehow ended up enjoying carpentry the most. When I opened up the box at the end of May I didn't expect a letter from Gale. Naturally he had always been on the list of my pen pals. He still is my best friend. But he is also very busy. He works for the new government and in the two years after he moved to Two he only wrote four letters. They weren't very long either. He certainly isn't the letter writing type. I held onto his letters like a lifeline, reread them every other week. They are precious to me. Sometimes Gale is on TV, when there are programs about politics. Half a year ago when the first official elections took place, he was on TV a lot back then. But I don't like to watch TV. Election period was an important time for Panem so I watched a bit, but I could barely stand ten minutes at a time. TV is hell for me still. I wanted to throw my set out, when I moved back in here, but then I need to be informed, so I couldn't do it. While Gale doesn't write much, I write weekly. A wide range of topics are covered, but mostly I write about our woods. I always feel a surge of excitement, a small tingle in my stomach when I open my red letter box. I just love to get mail and I grin like a little girl opening a present, giddy with anticipation, every time a letter finds its way into my hands. When I read "Sender: Gale Hawthorne" my heart skipped a beat. It had been five months since his last letter - which was more of a card anyway. I was so happy that he wrote again! As usual his letter was short. Basically telling me he would visit Twelve. Arrive on the 14th of June. If it was possible, could he stay at my house for a while? I was a bit annoyed, that he didn't offer more of an explanation on why he would want to visit now. How long he planned to stay, what was he planning to do here? Was it to be an official trip for the government? Or just a visit to dear old Catnip, whom he hadn't seen for two long years? He didn't say. Nonetheless I immediately answered that naturally, he was welcome to stay at my house. The afternoon sun burns brightly, as I leave my house to walk to the train station. I'm wearing my favourite yellow sundress. Someone once told me I look beautiful in it. I speed up at the thought and quickly leave the Victor's Village behind. I take my usual route passing the other bakery and follow the smaller road instead of the main road which brings me south of the central square of District 12. The justice building was destroyed in the bombing and in its place a new station was built. The residents of District 12 will vote for a new name for the District in a few weeks. Posters with propositions are glued to the buildings. Obviously most of our residents don't think Twelve is melodic enough. I was even asked to name it by our new Mayor, an elderly man called Garland. I refused, stating it would always be Twelve to me. I knew they were disappointed, but I didn't want to name it. Or be involved in any way in this community. I cannot really tell that to all these kind and well meaning people here, though. People still look up to me, like I'm some kind of leader. They think I am here because this is my home and I returned here because Twelve means something to me. Maybe once it did. That doesn't change the fact that I was banished to Twelve. Here is the place where I was born and the place I'm going to die. It was made pretty clear to me by the new government that I am exiled. Forever. I thought I made my peace with this fact over a year ago. But I am often angry at Paylor and Plutarch and everyone involved in deciding that Twelve was going to be my home, my sanctuary, as well as my jail. I can not leave here. I don't even know where else I would go. The only place I kind of considered, in these scenarios in which I am free to do as I please, would be District 4. But then, I don't think I could ever live with my mother again. Even though we're on better terms with each other now. Distance makes the heart grow fonder, I guess. Startled I realize I am already at the station. I'm thirsty and buy a bottle of water at the small store that is next to the station building. Since the Hunger Games I've become famous. I know this. I should be used to the fact. But I hate it. Whenever I interact with people here in Twelve I feel like they are staring, whispering, talking about me. It feels like paranoia. But it isn't, because I don't imagine it happening, it happens. I ignore the curious look from the shop girl, and her cheery "Have a good day, Katniss!" almost makes me want to punch her. I don't know this girl, don't know her name and she talks to me as if she's my friend. It feels weird and uncomfortable. Everyone knows who I am, but they themselves can live an anonymous blissful life. I hate it. I want that life, too. Be a nobody or - at least - blend in. I sigh as I slide down on one of the brand new white benches on the platform, waiting for the train to arrive. Which it won't for another two hours. I'm too early, but I just couldn't wait to get here. There are a thousand possibilities of what exactly will happen in two hours. Why is Gale coming back here now? Does he still have feelings for me? My head says, no. He would've come here sooner, he would've written more often, he would've fought for me. Selfishly I hope he might still love me. I was hurt by what he said in Tigris' shop that fateful night. But that wasn't all. He left me here in Twelve without ever considering that I might have wanted him to be here with me. His fancy Capitol job was more important. Maybe he is coming back now to tell me he has moved on. Found another Catnip in District 2. That doesn't seem to be that far fetched. Gale is older than me, he is good looking, he must long for female companionship. But why did he never offer any insights to his own feelings after the war? If he moved on, he should have told me. I'm so nervous, I gulp the water down in one go. I'm not sure how I should react to any of these little scenarios. I'll know when I see him. Whatever he wants, it will work out. I've missed him so much, though. We can go hunting early in the morning, if he isn't too busy. Even if he only stays for a few days. I'm so happy that he is really coming. Maybe he will fill up the huge emptiness I am feeling inside. I'm afraid I'm slowly starting to get seriously depressed again. I talked to Dr. Aurelius on the phone, even wrote him a long letter with my deepest feelings laid bare and open. His reply just said to keep on hunting, keep on writing - continue living. Useless advice. I'm clearly not on top of his priority list anymore. I feel so lonely, it's almost tearing me apart. I just don't see where my life is going. I'm getting older, but I feel like nothing is happening anymore. That I lived my life. That I served my purpose. That I will gradually rot here in Twelve. A loud signal announces the incoming train. I slowly get up and force myself to smile. Today is the 14th of June, Saturday. A train will arrive from District 2. And Gale will be on it. When Gale pulls me into his arms everything falls into place. He looks the same, but different. His smile is wider and kinder. His laugh is infectious. I can't help but smile back when he smiles at me - and I don't have to force myself. "Catnip," he whispers as he holds me tightly. "I've missed you." I'm almost crying as I realize