Author's Note: Post Mockingjay, Pre Epilogue Everlark Oneshot set in District 12. Cutting the Cord is my submission for Prompts in Panem - Dreamscape - Day Four: Howls. The story is canon-compliant, but there are some references to an earlier PiP entry of mine, Felinity. Blink and you'll miss them, so don't worry about reading that one. Cutting the Cord "Mama." The cry of Willow's voice touches something deep inside of Katniss. This fluttering in her chest is a feeling she knows well, a precious tingle, similar to what she felt when Prim was calling her name, so many years ago. All of her senses are alert when she hears her little one crying out. She gets up from the sofa, where she fell asleep and climbs up the stairs to the room Peeta decorated for her daughter, shortly after they found out that Katniss was pregnant. Petite sparrows and other little birds are carefully painted on the skyblue wallpaper. Standing in the doorway a familiar scene presents itself to her. Peeta sits on the edge of the bed, tries to comfort their daughter with his presence. It's obvious, she had another nightmare. There is barely a night during which she doesn't wake, shaking and crying, her fearful shouting sounding through the usual peaceful nightly silence of their house . "It's alright, it's alright. I'm here, Honeycake." Peeta tries to take her into his arms, but she pushes him away with her little hands. "Don't wan't you," she cries harder, her small body trembling with hiccups. "Where is Mama?" "I'm here," Katniss comes closer and her daughter immediately stops crying, arms reaching out to wrap her tiny self around her. "I'm here, shh…everything is going to be alright, I'm here." She meets Peeta's gaze and for one short second she sees what she knows he's been hiding from her since the first time this happened. A hint of sadness and the pain of rejection are etched in his forced smile. While she continues to stroke her daughter's small back, Peeta gets up and leaves the room. She knows, he is taking this hard. Harder than he should. Their little daughter is fixated on Katniss. From the day she was born, they were a unit, inseparable and she wonders if they might've done something wrong considering her upbringing. Katniss went into the woods with her, carried her in a cloth, tightly secured to her body. Perhaps that had been unwise? Katniss had loved those days in the woods, bonding with her little girl, feeling her small body close to hers, the comforting scent of a baby soothingly healing her broken heart. Being a mother - she never thought she would enjoy it as much as she did. Loving every second with her small bundle of joy. Collecting plants and nuts, while Willow's heart beat soundly against her chest. And feeding her in the woods, yes, Katniss had lived for these precious moments they spent together. The world was silent and at peace when Willow's little mouth sucked the milk out of her breast, a sweet and tickling sensation she enjoyed daily until Willow's first teeth ended this phase of their lives. Peeta's work at the bakery made it impossible for him to look after their baby, and he couldn't breastfeed. She always knew that he wanted to spend more time with them, be much more involved, but it was impractical. For both of them, it was simply easier that Katniss looked after the girl. The consequences were something that both Peeta and Katniss never expected. Willow Mellark became a Mama's girl. In the last few weeks Willow made her preferences known quite bluntly. It started when Peeta came home from work one evening, looking forward to a bath with his daughter, whistling a tune while he searched for the rubber duck in the bathroom cabinet. When it was time to enter the bubbly water, Willow had started to wail, shouted for Katniss and refused to go in without her mother. "Don't worry about it," Katniss reassured Peeta, "the girl has her moods, like all of us do." He had nodded, and promised that he understood. But it didn't stop at that one incident. No, Willow showed no signs of returning her father's affection and insisted that Katniss was the one bringing her to bed in the evenings. "It's normal, Peeta," Katniss told him, time and time again, "I called my mother. Children have phases. My mother will send us a book, you can read about it, it's scientifically proven." "I understand that," Peeta had smiled at her. "She loves her Mama. And that means the world to me, you know. We have that in common." He had always been patient with her and with their daughter. He loved Willow, told Katniss that the moment he first held their tiny daughter in his arms had been the best in his life. Still, she knows that by now, this is really grating on him. Hurting him more than he lets on. After talking to her mother about Willow's rejection on the phone, he never mentioned it anymore, but the hurt is still there, his eyes betray him. And Katniss is at her wits end, too. She tries to involve him, visits the bakery with Willow, suggests activities to her daughter that only involve her and her father, but Willow remains stubborn. 'Only if Mama is there, too' seems to be her motto. When Willow finally falls asleep after Katniss sings her favorite lullaby, it is almost midnight. Peeta must've been woken up by her screaming. This is not good, Peeta needs his sleep. Sometimes Katniss falls asleep on the sofa downstairs, but only because she is much more of a night person, doesn't usually go to bed the same time as him. Peeta's hulking form lies in their bed, entirely still. Katniss sighs inwardly. He is not asleep, she can see that his body is too rigid for slumber. She climbs into the bed and presses herself into Peeta's back, giving him a soft kiss on his neck. "Is she asleep?" Peeta asks flatly into the darkness of the room, his voice reflecting against the wall. "Yes, I sung for her and it barely took a minute until she was smiling again, nightmare all forgotten," Katniss answers and cuddles her cheek against her husband, inhaling his cinnamon scent. "I'm glad," Peeta says, his voice trembling. He pauses and then continues talking to the wall, "I wonder what these nightmares are about?" "Don't be mad at her. She will get over it, and soon, she will…oh…" Katniss wants to communicate, reassure him, soothe him as he always seems to soothe her, as she doubts her parenting skills weekly, but Peeta has turned around, and locks his mouth to hers, biting into her lower lip slightly, pushing his tongue inside while his hands knead her breasts in tandem. She is confused by his actions, thinking he would want to talk or even sleep. Sex wasn't on her mind, and she's pretty sure that Peeta also had no intention of doing it earlier. It is after midnight and he is tired. They shouldn't do this - of all things - while he is hurting. All coherent thought leaves her when he stops kissing her and whispers into her ear, "It's been a while since we did this, right?" When one of his hands goes from her breasts and slips into her damp panties, a whimper escapes her dry throat. Katniss is almost always ready when she is in bed with him, body reacting to his proximity like a clockwork. She moans, quietly, so that their child won't wake. Peeta kisses her jawline from the left to the right and pushes his index finger inside, quickly followed by the middle finger, performing a scissoring motion between her folds. Katniss is still worried, remembering the look on his face earlier. They have to talk about this, because in all the years they've spent together she learned a lot about Peeta. The most important thing is to communicate, to not let negative thoughts fester in his mind. Peeta is perfect at distracting her and, although she hates to think of him that way, he is a master manipulator, so she doesn't even realize when he is doing it. She wants to tell him to stop, they should talk, but the way his fingers circle around her clit is so distracting. And he is right. It has been a while. "Yeah," Peeta says huskily, when she starts to move her hips, trying to get his fingers to go deeper. "That's right. Ride my fingers, love, like that." She forgets everything around her but Peeta and his wonderful fingers, so that after he makes her come twice with his hands and later with his cock, she is left boneless and exhausted and immediately falls asleep without even bothering to clean up, feeling only happiness at the sensation of his warm seed trickling out of her. When she wakes up in the morning, Peeta is gone. He must've cleaned her up though, as no trace of their coupling is left between her thighs. Sweet and considerate even after all these years, he treats her with love, gentleness and affection. She hates to see him in pain when it comes to his relationship with her daughter. She loves Willow, more than she ever thought she could possibly love another human being again, after Prim. Unconditionally. It's a different love to the one she feels for Peeta, but not less intense. Before getting pregnant she had been afraid of her child hating her, thought of herself as a broken wreck, unkind, definitely not a motherly type. Peeta had often told her she would be a fantastic mother, but she didn't believe him. He had been right, like he usually was - Katniss loved being a mother. While she had taken care of Prim like their mother should have, she also had been a starved eleven year old girl, not in the least ready to take care of her sister like a parent does. Willow is her own, her joy and pride, the child she carried under her heart for nine long months. They had a connection, a bond as old as time, only possible to exist between a mother and her child. She wants so badly for Peeta to also have that wonderful feeling. The love whenever Willow comes to her, saying "Mama" with her bell-like voice, her blue eyes shining with happiness. Heartbreak - that was the only word that comes to mind, when she tries to describe the feeling she has when she sees their daughter reject him. It makes her physically sick, and she rushes to the bathroom, retching up the stew they had for dinner last night. A tear rolls down her cheek as she undresses to take a quick shower before waking Willow. Talking to her daughter about Peeta is a difficult task, she doesn't understand, still too small to realize she is hurting her father with her words. Like she herself hurt her boy with the bread by pretending to be in love and telling him it wasn't real, half a lifetime ago. She doesn't want to be reminded of these days, painfully aware that the look in Peeta's eyes hadn't changed. Whether at sixteen or at thirty-three - the pain in his eyes is exactly the same. When Willow refuses to let Peeta take her to Haymitch's to feed the geese - her favorite thing to do in the afternoon - Peeta inhales sharply and turns around without a word, leaves for who knows where and doesn't return. Long after his usual bedtime, she jumps up at the sound of his footsteps on the porch, and wants to welcome him home with a kiss, but he just hisses at her. "Leave me alone," he says and she hates to see him limping towards the stairs, hardly able