Huntress Hunted Adrenaline coursed through her veins as she inspected the leaves of a mulberry bush to her right. Could she be wrong? No. The fragile twigs of the small plant had been pushed aside in a hurry. To make way, no doubt. She went down on her knees, checking the soft mosses of the forest floor for the unmistakable tracks of prey. It hadn't been long. Small, green blades of grass were slowly moving back into their original, vertical position. It must've been a minute, if not seconds, since he had passed this spot. Sniffing, she caught a whiff of... Was it really there? It might've been imagination somehow. In between the freshness of early autumn, the scent of leaves, pine and earth. That faint lingering of slightly sweet sweat was making her light-headed, excited. In the sweetness there it was. Not fear, no, it was like he told her, like he convinced her it would be. The lingering scent of physical exhaustion, a scent so distinctively him, it could almost be a drop on her tongue, teasing her taste buds. Salty, wet, like on those countless occasions when she sucked it off his neck, his collarbone, his nipples, his full…she blushed, trying to subdue her own excitement. It was no use. Her thoughts returned to these visuals, these images. Him after a long day of work - kneading, flexing his muscles, pushing that dough in form with his strong arms. The scent, so essentially him, was mixed with anxiousness, anticipation and most importantly, beyond doubt - the faint odor of his arousal . It started innocently enough. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark returned from the Capitol bruised, broken and seriously depressed. There were days when they were both balancing on the very edge of sanity, when any misstep would surely follow in fatal results. There were nights when they couldn't stand to be in close proximity, even the smallest hint of the other's presence a burden. As the years went by, these horrible hours became less and less, until…until they went away completely. Something new took over, something Katniss had a taste of in the cave during their first games, and later at the beach in the Quarter Quell arena of the 75th and last ever Hunger Games. Desire. A hunger they both knew little about, then eagerly started to explore - together. There was always love in what they did, always sweetness and in the beginning an seemingly endless innocence in their encounters. For they were two survivors of war, but still children in the matters of the heart. After a few years of that, the lust that awakened in Katniss and Peeta's bodies started to change. There was no hesitancy, no shame, no fright. They became sateless. Of each other's bodies and of each other's souls. It didn't matter if Katniss was on her period or Peeta had a cold. They always found ways to see to the other's needs and wants. Day after day and night after night. There were nightmares still, though in time Katniss' became less and less. Peeta's returned ever so often, the hijacking never gone, a scar on his mind. It was on such a night in late summer, years after the rebellion, that Katniss realized something. Midnight was long gone and the sweltering heat made it impossible to find rest. They left the window open as their only neighbor, Haymitch Abernathy, never heard a thing or pretended not to. Katniss was lying in the middle of their bed, naked unabashed, unashamed. Legs spread wide open, long raven locks pushed up in a topknot. Her hair had become more than annoying, sticking to her wet body like glue. Between her spread thighs Peeta was working like a madman. He had been down there for hours it seemed and Katniss had orgasmed for the second time that night. He showed no signs of stopping as he licked her folds gently, helping her coming down back from the moment, the exhaustingly sweet seconds they kept chasing and chasing and finding together, effortless. As he licked, caressed and gently kissed her Katniss felt overwhelmed with love. Peeta was such a pleaser. A giver. She had no idea if other people, other girls had a selfless lover like that. She doubted it. People would never get any work done, only have sex. She gently stroked his hair and he looked up at her, grinning slightly. Unfortunately she had already left the wonderful high, the blissful emptiness of mind in which she could only enjoy his attention and just... be . Now it was back to thinking, worrying. A frown was etched on her face and Peeta's eyes changed from twinkling happily, into a concerned, deeper shade of blue. "Should I stop?" he asked, and she felt his breath on her wetness. "Too much?" "No," she reassured him quickly. She enjoyed the way he handled her after her orgasms. Peeta knew her, so he also knew that there was something else. "Did I get sloppy?" he asked, looking worried. "No, Peeta," she sighed, "You did wonderfully." Peeta wasn't convinced, she could see it in his eyes. "Why do I have a feeling that you're not honest?" She nearly giggled at that sort of serious question, asked from between her legs. "I'm honest…it's just…I was thinking and….you always please me. Do all that stuff, make sure I come first and…." Katniss' cheeks reddened. "Not that again," Peeta replied, rolling his eyes, "How often do I have to tell you? I love doing this. Lying here between your legs, kissing and licking your sweet pussy…it's paradise." When he gave her another long lick and winked at her, she couldn't help frowning again. He shook his head and pulled himself up. His chin wet from her juices, looking devilishly handsome. How could a man like this even exist? Damn. "Katniss," he said, deeply, "Love. I adore this. I adore you. Nothing turns me on more than seeing you writhe and moan in pleasure. Nothing pleases me more than seeing you enjoy yourself." "But it's exhausting. I know I take a long time to come…..we've been here for hours and I haven't even touched you," Katniss replied, reheating an old argument, an old insecurity, really. "I only..I just want to please you, too. Do something for you, something you enjoy." "You do that, all the time," he half-whispered into her ear. "Honestly I don't know what to tell you. You do everything a man could wish for. Look," he directed her gaze to his erection, pointing with his hand. "I'm so turned on. Can I have you now?" "Peeta," she begged, longing evident in her plea, "Please, tell me your fantasies." He smiled at her, moved over and in between her thighs, giving her a warm kiss, sliding in, easily. "This is my fantasy," he said, pushing half-in and out, gently, steady. "This is my dream come true." Katniss decided to let it go and enjoy. In a far corner of her mind she realized that he hesitated a fraction too long after her question. There must be something. Something he wasn't telling her. And she was determined to find out what exactly that was. "Do you really want to go down that road, brainless?" Johanna Mason remained blunt. Even years after the war her personality remained the same. 'I take no shit from no one' , she used to say and that didn't change. "What do you mean?" Katniss put the phone between her shoulder and cheek, while she poured herself a cup of peppermint tea. "Why shouldn't I?" "Well, for starters, why change what's obviously working for both of you? You tell me you love every minute, you are satisfied, your libidos align. It's ideal. Do you know how tremendously lucky you are?" "Yeah, but…" "You have no freaking idea how lucky you are, Katniss. And that's your problem. You have someone you love, who loves you. By the sound of it, he satisfies you more than enough. Never change a running system, this is what I say," she said and then stopped, "At least in the bedroom. The government is another matter…" "That's not the problem, Johanna," Katniss sighed, reverting back to the subject she cared most about, "Yeah, I am lucky. Yes, I am satisfied, everything is fine, really. For me . I want to know more about Peeta. Make him happy, satisfy his needs, his desires. I don't know why… I have a feeling he is holding back and I want him to be open." Johanna remained silent for a few seconds, and Katniss held her breath. "Katniss, if this were anyone but you and Peeta I would run screaming, right in this instant. I'm not sure I want to know this stuff. What do you guys actually do, in the bedroom?" "Do? Well….we have sex," Katniss huffed, wondering what she meant. "You ain't saying," Johanna probably rolled her eyes in District 7, "What kind of sex?" "The normal kind," Katniss snapped, evasively. "Gosh, Everdeen, it's like pulling teeth with you. Oral sex?" "Yes," Katniss said quickly. It's not like she was embarrassed doing these things with Peeta. The embarrassment was in talking about it with someone who wasn't a part of, well, Katniss and Peeta. "Both of you?" "Yeah," Katniss said. "I'd say he does it more often. Maybe I'm not good at it?" "Can't help you there, though I doubt it," Johanna answered, "Or does he push you away when you initiate?" "No, never." "Okay," another pause from the end of the line, and then, "Katniss, I want you to really think hard and deep about this. This could change your relationship, push it on another level altogether. I can help you with a plan to have him admit his fantasies. Are you really sure about this?" "What do you mean?" "Easy. It could be something that would shock you. Or hurt you. Or even disgust you. Peeta doesn't tell you for a reason, and that's most likely shame. Or he simply knows that you would do anything for him, and he doesn't want to make you uncomfortable." "But…" "If you go through with this, you have to be prepared that you might not understand his fantasies, or even enjoy them. You're in no way obligated to indulge him, however… you must keep in mind that this might hurt him, if he opens up. You are really pushing it. There is still a whole world of sexual things you have no idea about. No offense, you have problems about talking about oral. That's very straightforward, normal sex, for most." "I'm talking to you, Johanna. You're my friend, you're not Peeta," Katniss replied, "I would do anything to make Peeta happy. He is so selfless with me. Adores me, makes sure I'm comfortable. It's bordering on worship, really…" Johanna cut her off, "Okay, okay. I have a feeling, that I might know where this is heading. Still can't believe it, you surely are a lucky girl. Brainless, but lucky. Now, let me tell you about that plan…." Peeta grinned like a cheshire cat. And actually snuggled up to Haymitch on the couch. "You can't leave, 'mitchy," he giggled, "You haven't told us if Effie is actually bald beneath that wig of hers, haha." "Oh, I'm definitely leaving, bread boy," Haymitch sneered, "And if I hear you call me Mitchy once more, I'll never share liquor with you guys again." He eyed up Katniss on the opposite side, lying halfway on the armchair and grinning back at him. "Oh, come on Mitchy," she teased, "Don't be such a spoilsport." Peeta lost it, gasping until he started to cry from laughter. "I'm leaving," Haymitch said and stood up. Katniss wobbled up from her resting place to see him out. "Why do I have a feeling that you're not nearly as drunk as you pretend to be, Sweetheart?" Katniss winked at her old mentor. "Thanks for the