Author's note: I was actually going to write on my Estel story but dear Glorfindel and Erestor cried out to me and demanded another story. Hmpf, I think they are starting to get spoiled by all the attention. But they had to be satisfied with a rather short story this time, at least it's shorter then the last ones I've written. It's really just a quick silly story but I hope you'll like it. I also would like to take the opportunity and thank my new beta reader Helen for helping me with this! This should have a lot less spelling and grammar mistakes than usual. ---------------------------------------------- Title: An unexpected turn of events Author: Sione Pairing: Glorfindel/Erestor Disclaimer: I own nothing, everything belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien. Notes: English is not my first language but the worst problems should be taken care of by my beta reader Helen. Summary: Erestor hates big noisy crowds and to his irritation he's ordered by Elrond to attend the big feast held in Imladris. But with a little help from a certain Balrog Slayer, the night might turn out pretty good after all. ------------------------------------------------ "Are you coming to the ball tonight?" Elrond asked. Erestor didn't even look up from the document he was writing when he answered with an impassive tone. "No, I still have some reports I'd like to finish; I think I'll just stay here." Elrond sighed inwardly, he was glad to have an ambitious Chief Councillor but this was ridiculous, Erestor definitely needed to have more fun. "Erestor, you have done most of the preparation for this ball, shouldn't you at least attend it?" "I don't have time, I really must finish these tonight." Erestor gestured towards a pile of papers, still writing vigorously. "You work too hard," Elrond said sternly and crossed his arms. "Loosen up and have some fun tonight." "My lord, I really don't have-" "That's an order. And please stop calling me that in private." Finally Erestor looked up from his paper and blinked a couple of times, stunned. "You're ordering me to go?" He asked disbelievingly. "If that's what it takes to make you go to the ball, then yes I am." Elrond couldn't help but to smile when his usually collected Chief Councillor starred at him with slightly agape mouth. "Close your mouth Erestor and go prepare yourself for the feast, those reports can wait. "You're really serious?" A frown was starting to form on the advisor's brow. "Aye, now go." After glaring at Elrond for a couple of moments Erestor stiffly got up from his chair with pursed lips. "As you wish, my lord." He said in a very formal tone and even ended it with a small bow. Elrond massaged his forehead with his thumb and index finger; he managed just in time to stop a groan from escaping his lips. He was well aware of that he would probably have to endure a couple of days with a not so happy Chief Councillor but it would be worth it. If he was lucky the dark-haired elf would actually enjoy himself. Before Erestor could leave the room Elrond cleared his throat and making him turn around at the door. "Since it's a celebration, maybe you could wear something a bit more colourful tonight," Elrond hesitantly suggested, hoping that the advisor wasn't planning on coming in one of his black robes. "Is that's an order, my lord?" Erestor said sharply with his hand still on the doorknob. Elrond sighed. "No Erestor, it's not an order, just a suggestion. Even if you don't like this, could you please try to enjoy yourself tonight." The Councillor only nodded before he left the room. Erestor marched down the halls towards his rooms, he couldn't believe that he had actually been ordered to attend the damn ball. Fine, he would be there but he would not stay any longer then necessary, he thought stubbornly. A big gathering of drunken elves was not his idea of a fun evening. He sharply turned a corner and bumped in to something hard. He took a couple of wobbly steps backwards and blinked dazed a few times before looking up at a golden-haired elf. "Good evening Glorfindel, I'm sorry I didn't see you," he hastily said and tried to be on his way again, not in the mood for conversation. But his arm was caught and he was pulled back to his original spot again. "Good evening to you too Erestor, maybe you should wait for the answer before you're off again. What's the rush, some last preparation for the ball?" "No, everything should be in order," he replied impatiently. "Then why are you marching the halls like your robe is on fire, and what's with the sore face?" "It's nothing Glorfindel, Elrond ordered me to go to the ball." "And that's a bad thing how?" The warrior wondered with an amused expression. "I don't want to go," Erestor replied grumpily . "Why not, haven't you done most of the planning?" "Aye but that doesn't mean I'm interested in going." "Well, I hope you intend to follow that order because I would be most disappointed if I didn't see you there. Maybe we could share a dance?" Erestor smiled faintly for the first time. "I don't have much talent for dancing." "I doubt that, and I will make sure to get that dance. But now I must return to my men, I'll see you tonight." Erestor only nodded dumbfounded, he better not run into any more people or his whole evening would be planned before he even got to his room. ----------------------------------------- When Erestor later entered the Hall of Fire he was dressed in a dark blue robe and his hair flowed freely along his back. Earlier that evening he had laid out a well-worn black robe beside the deep blue one he was now wearing on his bed. He had looked at them undecided for quite some time before finally choosing the blue one. He decided that he might as well humour Elrond and wear something 'colourful' as he had expressed it. Besides, the blue robe had been a present from Celebrian the last midwinter celebration and he really felt he should wear it more often so she wouldn't think him ungrateful for the lovely present. It truly was a marvellous robe he just wasn't used to something quite so colourful. Elves from both Mirkwood and Lothlorien had been visiting Imladris for about a week now and would attend this great ball. Erestor had been planning it for months and it was going to be one of the bigger feasts in a long time. That however didn't mean that he wanted to attend it, he hated big noisy crowds and this evening every elf in Imladris would gather in the Hall of Fire. He couldn't think of a worse scenario. He took a deep breath and quickly made his way through the crowd to Elrond so he could see for himself that he actually followed his order and was there. The elven lord smiled irritatingly smugly when he saw Erestor approaching. "Oh don't glare at me like that Erestor. It won't hurt you to have some fun tonight, the reports will not run away. I see you skipped the black clothes after all, that's a wonderful robe." "Thank you my lord." Elrond raised an eyebrow. "I mean Elrond, it was a gift from your wife. Where is she by the way?" "She's putting the twins to bed, she will join us soon." "I see." "I have some things I must deal with now but please try to enjoy yourself tonight." "I will try," he said but knew full well he wouldn't try very hard. He was already longing to go back to his chamber but he would be obliged to stay at least a couple of hour. When the representatives from the different realms arrived he courteously greeted everyone like a good host and even managed a weak smile. But when that was accomplished he gave the other elves little attention as he walked through the Hall, closely inspecting that everything was in order. A couple of times he caught a glimpse of Glorfindel in the crowd and unconsciously he smiled at the sight. When Elrond spotted him once again some time later, he was busy counting the wine bottles. "Erestor! Didn't I say that you should enjoy yourself not inspect the food and drinks, I'm sure it's all taken well care of." "I was just checking, Elrond," he said innocently. The elven lord just glared at him, he shoved a wine glass into his hand and pushed him against a group of elves that was listening on a visiting minstrel from Lothlorien. He pressed the stunned Erestor down in a chair. "At least try to relax if nothing else." And with that he was gone again, leaving a dumfounded Chief Councillor. Well since he was already sitting there, Erestor thought he might as well enjoy the minstrel whom he never had the pleasure to listening to before. He took a sip of his wine and with some effort managed to relax. The minstrel stopped his performance some time later and with a bow went to join his colleagues. It was time for them to prepare for the big dance. Erestor could practically see the eagerness beaming from the many elves that had been looking forward to this part of the evening. Erestor had done so too but for a totally different reason than dancing, he was positive that when the dance had started he could sneak back to his rooms. But first he really needed some air, the room was hot and he had already opened the top buttons on his warm robe. When the first couples started to whirl on the dance floor he cautiously made his ways to the doors leading out to the garden, doing his best not to bump into anyone. He took a deep breath when he finally reached his destination and felt greatly refreshed when the cool evening air reached his lungs. The silence was wonderful after the loud evening in the Hall and he walked towards one of his favourite trees in the gardens: a big old oak which been standing there the last few centuries. When a round of laughter reached his ears he turned around to the house again. He sighed when a group of Mirkwood warriors entered the garden. So much for some quiet time alone, he thought. Judging by the rather loud voices they had all drunk a bit too much wine. One of the elves seemed to have spotted him for he was leaving his companions and making his way over to where he was standing. "Good evening, Chief Councillor," the flushed elf with fire red hair said and made a wobbly bow before him. Erestor noted with disgust a rather large stain of wine on his green tunic which the warrior seemed totally oblivious to. "Good evening," he replied shortly and hoped that the warrior would just go away, he was not interested in small talk with an unknown drunk elf. "You're looking very pretty tonight." He suppressed the urge to roll his eyes, he supposed anyone looked 'pretty' tonight in this drunken elf's eyes. He would probably not even remember this conversation by tomorrow. "Thank you," he said stiffly. "If you would excuse me." He tried to walk past the red-haired elf but was pushed back against the trunk of the big oak with a pair of strong hands on his shoulders. "Maybe you could stay here," the warrior licked his lips. "And we could have a little fun." Erestor grimaced when the other's warm breath hit his face and the scent of alcohol invaded his nose. "I don't think so, now if you would be so kind as to unhand me." He didn't want to make a scene so he did his best to try and