And here comes the sequel to 'A love Unknown', I'm glad I managed to finish it! You don't need to read the prequel to understand this story but I would recommend it. This is a little longer then the last one so you will get it in two chapters. Title: Nightmare in the Woods Author: Sione Pairing: Glorfindel/Erestor Rating: M Disclaimer: I own nothing, everything belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien. Notes: I had no beta reader for this and English is not my first language so I'm sorry for any grammar and spelling mistakes. Summary: Glorfindel and Erestor decides to take an evening ride in the woods but things goes terribly wrong. Edit: This is now finally beta-ed, it was certainly about time, huh? ;) ------------------------------------------------------------- Glorfindel had now been courting Erestor for about five months and everything was going well. The Councillor had to say he enjoyed the extra attention, and instead of spending his evenings alone, like before, they were often spend in the pleasant company of the golden warrior. To be honest he loved being courted, but at the same time it was an unusual feeling to be the centre of someone's attention. And it was not just any elf's attention, it was Glorfindel's. Erestor smiled broadly at the thought. Once again the warrior showed him that he really cared about him and was not simply interested in a night of passion and nothing more. Actually, everything had been going very slow and they still hadn't taken it further than innocent kisses. The dark elf suspected that Glorfindel was more than ready to take it to the next level, but he never said a word of it and Erestor appreciated his patience for he did not yet feel ready for anything more than kisses. The crude comments said by the warriors five months earlier hadn't been entirely wrong about Erestor's lack of lovers. He had a couple of female lovers in his youth, but those moments had on the whole been pretty awkward and it was a very long time ago. He had never had any male lovers, even though his attraction to the same sex had started to outgrow his love for females a long time ago. The advisor also felt a bit embarrassed at the thought of being together with Glorfindel, who must be so much more experienced. What would he think of him? He had read a couple of books on the subject but he wasn't exactly sure what to expect from the act itself. It seemed to be rather painful and to be honest Erestor found it somewhat scary. They hadn't really discussed any of this yet, they were still in the kissing stage after all, but Erestor couldn't help but to think about these matters. Their relationship had been looked upon with surprise by many. Erestor supposed it must have been quite a shock for Glorfindel's warriors. The elf that they used to make fun of was now suddenly courted by their dear Captain, and if they didn't have the desire to muck out the stables for a couple of months they better not talk ill of him in the presences of Glorfindel. That had been the punishment for the two unlucky elves who had humiliated Erestor that special evening almost five months ago. The dark-haired elf was happy that he was not in the two warriors' shoes the day after when the Captain ordered their punishment, Glorfindel could be rather intimidating when he was angry. Erestor had discovered that the blond elf had a very protective side and he found it to be somewhat sweet and scary at the same time. But he also discovered that Glorfindel indeed had a soft side as well. He was an excellent listener and he was always caring and sweet. They actually did have things in common too, they both enjoyed a game of chess and they had surprisingly interesting conversation about just about everything. To the advisor's delight Glorfindel enjoyed reading and Erestor excitedly recommended to him all of his favourite books in the library. Sometimes Erestor thought that his warrior was just like a big teddy bear, which he teasingly pointed out to Glorfindel one evening. The blond elf had merely growled and leapt on him, catching the petite elf in a fierce hug. 'You know bears can be quite dangerous when provoked, my sweet. You should watch that sharp tongue of yours, or this bear might just decide to gobble you all up,' he had whispered in a pointed ear, making Erestor shiver. Glorfindel had slowly planted kisses along the dark elf's neck, down along his collarbone to finally return to the ear and nibble on the tip lightly. Erestor had gasped and taken a firm hold on the golden tresses. 'If this is how it feels to be gobbled up I might just want to try it again sometime,' he had said with a grin, making the warrior growl once more in the crook of his neck. That had been a good evening, Erestor thought. They had eventually eaten a rather cold dinner because of certain…distractions, and later that night went for a ride under the stars. He smiled fondly at the memory while running his fingers through his feather quill. The Councillor hadn't gotten much done this morning, lost in memories and excited about the afternoon when Glorfindel would return from his one week patrol and join him for dinner in his chamber. The week had felt excruciatingly long, and he yearned with all his heart for the golden elf's return. He couldn't help but to also be feeling a little worried whenever the warrior was away on his regular patrols. The borders of Imladris were normally safe, with some raids of orcs from time to time and some trespassing humans but nothing serious. So there really wasn't anything to worry about, but still… 'Ai, I'm really turning into a lovesick fool!' Erestor cursed himself. 'And I'm not getting anything done either. I really must finish these reports.' Once again he turned his attention to the documents in front of him. ---------------------------------------------- About three hours later Erestor stood in the courtyard together with a group of elves waiting for the squad of warriors' return. He was standing next to Elrond, restlessly shifting his weight from one foot to the other. "He will be here soon," Elrond said with an amused smile. "What? Oh yes, I'm just a bit excited. I'm acting like an impatient elfling, aren'tI?" "Just a bit," the elf lord replied with a chuckle. Erestor blushed and murmured, "I'm sorry" "Don't be. I'm just glad to see you happy my friend, even if it means I have had a very absent-minded Chief Councillor of late." The dark-haired elf smiled apologetically, but the sounds of hooves made his head snap around. He saw the troop come riding through the gates and closely looked for a glimpse of golden hair. As Glorfindel came riding to the head of the group Erestor's smile broadened. He looked beautiful up on his white steed, his golden hair shinning in the sun. Blue eyes met dark and Erestor's smile was answered with an even broader one. As Elrond gave a formal welcome to the warriors they kept staring at each other, not hearing a word of it. When he finally finished Glorfindel dismounted and handed the reins to one of the approaching stable boys with a loving pat on Asfaloth's neck. Not able to contain himself any longer, Erestor let the warrior take about two steps towards him before he launched himself at him, not caring about the elves around them. He had been much less concerned about his appearance as of late, Glorfindel definitely had had a bad influence on him. He was caught in a fierce hug and he felt his feet leave the ground for a moment. "Missed me?" The golden warrior chuckled in his ear. "Unbearably so, I'm glad you're back." He absently drew a finger along the warrior's leather-clad chest and murmured, "Did you miss me?" "Of course, the days couldn't go fast enough," Glorfindel huskily replied. He licked his lips and looked down on the advisor with a predatorily grin. "Hmm, I think I know what I missed the most." "And what is that?" Erestor asked with a mischievous smile. "Those wondrous soft lips of yours. I think I will have a taste of them right now." He slowly leaned down and captured the advisor's lips in a hungry yet gentle kiss which was eagerly responded to. Slightly breathless, Erestor finally drew back. "Maybe we should take this inside," he suggested with a rising blush when he looked around the courtyard, noticing the many glances directed at them. "I rather just ravish you right here in the courtyard in front of everyone," Glorfindel replied cheekily in his ear. Erestor pushed away the smirking warrior. "Behave, my dear Balrog slayer, or you won't get a chance to ravish me anywhere," he responded with a teasing smile. "Now come on, I will have dinner served in my chambers for us." "Oh you spoil me, Erestor." "Yes, I know." He grinned, but then turned serious and pointed a finger in Glorfindel's chest. "But first, you need a bath." The blond elf groaned, but the Councillor merely raised a dark eyebrow. Glorfindel shrugged his shoulder. "Fine, I'll be in your rooms in an hour." "I'm looking forward to it," Erestor said softly while running a hand over the muscular chest. "Now off with you, my smelly warrior. The faster you go, the earlier I can have you in my rooms again." Glorfindel chuckled and gave him a quick peck on the cheek before he was off. Erestor didn't waste any time as he hurried up to his chambers to prepare for the blond elf's return. He changed into a dark blue robe, fixed his hair and swiftly prepared for their dinner which had been brought up to his room. He had chosen Glorfindel's favourite food for the evening and brought in fresh flowers. He had just lit the last candle when there was a knock on the door. He took a quick look in the mirror and straightened his robe before he opened the door. Glorfindel was standing there with a big grin plastered on his face, wearing a green tunic and brown leggings. "I'm clean," he pointed out. "So I see." He stepped aside with a smile. "Please, come in." Glorfindel looked around the room and smiled. "You really do spoil me." He stepped closer and fondled the raven black hair. "You look lovely Erestor." The warrior extracted a rectangular wooden box from behind his back and handed it to him. "Here, a present for you. It's nothing special, but I thought you should have it." "Glorfindel you didn't have to—" But the warrior just shushed him and pressed the box into Erestor's hands. "I know, but I wanted to." So the dark-haired elf opened the box and gasped when he looked inside. A beautiful long black feather had been laid on a bed of deep red velvet. He carefully lifted the feather to study it closer. "It's beautiful, where ever did you find this?" "I found it during the patrol in the woods, and I thought it would make a perfect quill for my little scribe," he said fondly while caressing a smooth cheek. "It's too lovely to use, really." "No, you should use it," Glorfindel insisted. "I will, but only on special occasions. I don't want to wear it out too quickly." He smiled and stroked the black feather before carefully placing it back on the velvet bed. "So you like it then?" The warrior said softly while pulling the small elf closer to him, two hands planted firmly on the slim hips. "I love it, thank you," Erestor replied honestly and met the approaching lips of the warrior. A moan of delight escaped him as Glorfindel gently kneaded his