Yes, I know this isn't an IStM update, and I'm sad about that. However, considering this is the first thing I've written in over 6 months, I'm glad to have anything for you. While I haven't abandoned that story, and don't plan to, it is in hiatus until further notice. And now on to this work: BIG thanks to Robsmyyummy Cabanaboy who posted the pic/story inspiration for this story on Valentine's Day on her Facebook page. I hope you'll enjoy it! February 6, 2015, Forks High School, A Hall, 11:35 AM. "Did you hear?" "Hear what?" "About the Valentine Grams?!" "No, why? Did the juniors mix up who to send them to this year? It isn't that hard, just read what the purchaser put on their information card," Bella laughed. "No, no, that's not it. Apparently, someone is giving a Valentine Gram to every girl in the school!" Bella stopped short after Alice's declaration. "Wait, what?" "I know! EVERY girl will get a Valentine Gram this year. Isn't that romantic?" Alice gushed as she twirled in a small circle. "And how do you know this?" Bella asked. "They haven't even passed them out yet." "Well, Becca told me, and she heard it from Lisa who is dating Tyler who was running the booth when the anonymous guy bought them!" Bella sighed. "Alice, that's a lot of gossip to believe. I wouldn't count on it being true. I mean, there has to be at least a thousand girls at Forks High, and with grams $1.00 a pop, I can't see any high school boy spending that much money on a cheesy holiday gift for people he doesn't even know." "Be a naysayer if you want, Bella, but I choose to believe in this Cupid. After all, won't it be nice to have your name called to receive a gram this year?" Alice asked with a wide smile. Bella shook her head, her glasses slipping down her nose slightly. She wouldn't admit it to Alice, barely even acknowledging it herself, but a small spark of excitement had caught in her chest at the thought of getting one of the frilly, pink and red Valentine gram hearts. She'd never received one before, and despite her claims otherwise, it would be nice to feel loved on that day. Even if it was by a stranger. February 6, 2015, Forks High School Gymnasium, 2:16 PM. "Swan, heads up!" Bella ducked, her arms covering her head moments before she felt the hard thwack of a basketball hitting her. She stumbled slightly as the ball bounced off, only blushing slightly at the incident, having been saved from taking the attack full in the face. "Hey, sorry about that. You okay?" a male voice asked. Bella could see the scuffed top of his dirty sneakers and twisted laces as she was still covering her head. "Bella?" Bella gulped, wishing desperately that the red stain on her cheeks would disappear quickly so she wouldn't be even more embarrassed in front of this boy. Why did it have to be this boy? Bella couldn't catch a break. "The ball got away from us, thanks to Paul's superb passing skills," he sarcastically explained. "You're not hurt are you?" "I'm fine," Bella finally mustered up the courage to respond, fixing her askew glasses as she raised her eyes to look at the beautiful boy standing in front of her. His green eyes crinkled as he gave her a smirk, his full mouth curling up higher on the left side. "Good deal. Again, sorry about the ball. I'll try and keep Paul from injuring you in the future." He winked before jogging back to the other side of the gym, the basketball tucked carefully in the circle of his arm. Bella sighed, her heart pounding hard and fast in her chest as she watched him go. Edward Cullen had spoken to her. And she'd done nothing but cower like a newborn lamb in the face of a lion. "Barely able to string two words together," Bella grumbled to herself as she continued to walk the perimeter of the basketball court, as was her only safe way to participate in gym. "He must think I'm an idiot. Way to go, Bella." It was no secret that Edward Cullen was the most attractive and popular boy at Forks High School. Star basketball player, track field champion, and academic whiz, Edward Cullen was one of those rare high school enigmas loved by all the school cliques, easily fitting in with band nerds, academic geniuses, and athletes alike. All the boys wanted his friendship and every girl wanted to be with him. Bella, oddly enough, counted herself among that lot. It wasn't a position she was used to being in, as Bella was mostly an odd duck in the crowd. She had friends—people like Alice and Lucy, who were similarly awkward and nerdy like her—but even still, she tended to be a loner, preferring books to gossip, and poems and prose to pop music and teen drama. Bella wouldn't consider herself unpopular; she wasn't picked on, but she definitely wasn't a part of the same social circles as Edward Cullen. No, demigod boys like Edward Cullen were in a class all their own, Bella was sure of it. So to have him speak to her, even in an innocent way, gave Bella a thrill. She wouldn't admit her secret crush on the most desired boy on campus to anyone, but it burned bright and true. Bella wished she didn't feel the way she did, but as the saying went, the heart wants what the heart wants. And Bella Swan's heart wanted Edward Cullen: beautiful, unobtainable, wonderfully smart, sweet, and out-of-her-league Edward Cullen. Unbidden, Bella's mind pulled up the conversation she'd shared with Alice earlier that day. What she wouldn't give to get a Valentine Gram from Edward. February 7, 2015, Alice Brandon's room, 5:45 PM. "Bella, you have to wear this. Your skin will look amazing against this blue," Alice exclaimed. Bella shrugged, not really caring. They were only going to the movies, what did she care how her skin would look in the dark theater? "Sure, Ally." Alice squealed, fancying herself to be a fashion goddess and Bella indulging her friend. If it made Alice happy, Bella would do it. "You know, we could stop by the basketball party afterward, if you want," Alice commented as she tossed various shirts across her room. "Yeah, sure, and while we're there, how about I just make out with Edward Cullen too?" Bella snipped. Alice froze, her wide blue eyes blinking. "Is that something you want to do?" she questioned. Bella scoffed, hoping it would be enough to keep her blush at bay. "Please, as if Edward Cullen even knows who I am. And I seriously doubt we could even share a single conversation, we are so many worlds apart. Besides, doesn't he have a girlfriend?" Alice stared thoughtfully at her friend for several moments before shrugging, turning back to her scavenger hunt. "I'm not so sure he does," she said into the closet. "Jessica thinks so, but according to Katie who heard from Maggie who told Nick after he hooked up with Jordyn, he isn't dating anyone right now. He told Jasper who told—" "Okay, okay, enough of the gossip mill. Geez, how can you even keep all those people straight?" Bella wondered. "It's a gift," Alice replied as she stuffed herself into a tube dress over her slim frame. "What do you think? Too much?" Bella nodded. "For the Forks Silver Screens, yes, unless you planned on becoming a lady of the night after the show." "Ugh, you're such a party pooper," Alice said, turning her back to strip down once more. "And I think you're wrong about Edward. He's a pretty decent guy from what I've heard, very smart, too." "Well, if Bess told Margaret who heard it from John who said Heathcliff told him, who overheard it from Catherine, it must be true," Bella gushed. "Hardy-har-har, Bella Swan. Don't think I don't realize that not one of those names are students at Forks, you literary slut." "Hey now! Don't knock the classics." Bella laughed, falling back on the bed as she waited for her friend to finish dressing. Her mind wandered, as it often did, from the romances in books to the lack of romance in her own life. Bella wished she could find a love like any of the heroines of days past. And though she doubted very much what Alice said to be true, Bella couldn't deny Edward Cullen would be just her type of hero. If only fairy tales were true. February 7, 2015, Lauren Mallory's backyard, 10:03 PM. "As I live and breathe, Bella Swan," Edward said with a smirk. "I never thought I'd see you here. It must be the second coming." Bella flushed, her hair covering her face for a moment as she ducked her head. "I was invited," she told him firmly. "Oh, hey, I didn't mean anything by it. It was a joke." Edward fumbled his words, quickly squatting down to better see her face. "Clearly, my future as a comedian isn't going to pan out," he chuckled. "Yeah, better stick to basketball," Bella agreed with a slight smile. "You've seen me play?" Edward asked, a smile tugging at the corner of his lips. "When?" "Um, last year. When the book club ran the concession stand," Bella said. She felt woefully inept at speaking to boys, this one especially. Edward smiled. "I hope I didn't make a total fool of myself." "No, you were awesome; I mean, great ... um, good. You played well," Bella said, her face flushing deeply. "Thanks, then. I'm glad you enjoyed the game." Edward paused, swallowing thickly as he stared at the dark-haired girl in front of him. "You should come to another sometime. They're a lot of fun." Bella didn't know what to think of Edward's invitation. Was he asking her to come and watch him play, or just support the team? Did he want her there for him , or was he just being friendly? Try as she might, Bella couldn't read his expression well. The dim light from the back porch didn't reach to the swing she was sitting on, and with Edward squatting on the damp ground at Bella's feet, the shadows were even longer across his face. Still, the wild thumping of her heart made Bella hopeful in a way she couldn't explain. "Would it be okay if I sat here with you for a little bit? I need a break from the party," Edward said, a polite smile in his voice and eyes. "Sure," Bella said, her eyes watching as he lowered himself to the ground. She gulped, unsure what to say, but luckily, Edward took control of the conversation. "So, book club, huh? What kind of books do you guys read? Are meetings very often?" Bella smiled, grateful for a topic she could enjoy. "Well, we vote at the beginning of the year on a list set by Mrs. Bixby. Once that's out of the way, we meet up every month to talk about the books we've read. Some of the discussions can get pretty heated," Bella giggled, remembering the fierce defense Rosalie Hale had of Catherine and Heathcliff, while Bella thought their relationship was unhealthy and sycophantic. "Sounds like there's a story there," Edward said with an encouraging smile. Bella laughed then, a rich sound that carried on the slight breeze. She began to tell Edward all about the argument she and Rosalie had, Edward listening raptly. The conversation flowed easily into other topics, books Edward enjoyed (a few surprising Bella, as she considered them to be her favorites as well) to what they hoped to do after graduation, which was only months away. Both were pleased to know they would be attending school roughly in the same area, Bella at UW and Edward