A.N: Hello, this is my first dip into the HG fandom and I'm hoping you enjoy this little thing I wrote. Enjoy "Relax, you're not there anymore" I murmur, standing and stretching my abused body and cracking my limbs before looking out for the person I was searching for. The area I was resting in was recently acquired for the treatment of wounded soldiers whereas the civilian hospital was a ways out, and if my one reliable source of intelligence is correct than they should be here within the hour. The uniform they gave me scratches at the seams and itches against my skin as I walk to the command tent for the answers I need. The first face I see when I enter the packed and bustling tent is Paylor organizing more of the abandoned buildings into shelters for able bodied men and women to rest and find shelter in. She looks up from the stack of paper in front of her and locks eyes with me. She nods at me and mouths '5 minuets'. She knows my job here and has personally seen that my gear from 4 has made its way here. I stand awkwardly in the tent watching people come and go for what feels like hours when I feel a tap at on my shoulder. I turn my head and see a small man looking back at me holding a duffel bag in one hand a cache case in the other. He silently hands me the bag and case and walks back to where he came from. I turn back to look at Paylor and return the nod and leave the tent and the suffocating noises that permeate it. The cold air is a reprieve from the tent and as I walk away I see the lights from a incoming hovercraft in the sky. I look at my watch and smile. Paylor is nothing if nor punctual. I pick my pace up and walk to where the hovercrafts land with the hopes of getting away from here as fast and as seamlessly as possible. The gentle kick up of dirt and gravel alerts me to the landing hovercraft and I'm already uncharacteristically giddy with excitement to get my questions answered. The doors hiss open and the first thing I'm greeted with is a man in a pod. To say im confused is an understatement. I step aside and wait for the other occupants of the craft to exit before I can see if my source was right. And that's when I see her decked out in what I assume is a costume. I assume it inspires those who aren't used to fanfare like we both are. I notice her boy isn't with her, I was looking forward to meeting them both together. The dynamic is supposed to be flawless and obviously somebody forgot to mention that to the higher ups. Thats when I notice who is with her. A tall, olive skinned, dark haired boy no older than 20 standing protectively next to her like a pet dog. I go numb. He looks identical to the boy who haunts and mocks me in my dreams. I cringe at the thought of the parasite again and try to put his face out of my head. I notice they are waiting for me to do something, seeing as I'm standing in front of them with my uniform and bags. "Welcome to District 8, make yourselves at home" I say looking down the line at the ensemble in front of me. The first thing I notice is grey eyes looking me up and down, looking for weaknesses and evaluating me. I've seen this look before and I don't like history repeating itself. I meet his calculating stare and let a small smile lift the corners of my mouth. His brow furrows and he steps forward. "Who are you?" His attempt at intimidation is laughable as he walks up to me "First things first 12, I answer to two people here. Number one, Commander Paylor and the Mockingjay. And number two step back before I snap your neck" I answer. My attempt at intimidation works, his hardened face facade crumbles for a second and I smile when it does. I turn to look at the braided young women behind him and smile. "Commander Paylor needs to speak with you at the medical centre. I assume your friends can help you find the way. I need to speak with Boggs over here" I say indicating the large black man standing next to her. I watch them leave the landing area trailing behind the camera men and the gaudy lady who accompanies them. I turn my attention back to Boggs and ask the question I need answered before anything else. "You been in contact with Haymitch in the trip over?" I ask He looks at me and nods "We had confirmation from Coin what was coming this way before we landed" "And she wants to die in the first fight she is in?" I ask incredulously "Last time I checked bows and arrows don't take down hovercraft" His face betrays him and I realize what he hasn't told me. "She has no idea what she's walking into does she?" He just shakes his head and begins to walk the medical centre where his charge is. I sigh loudly and pick my things back up and walk towards the hovercraft and put my duffle in an empty alcove next to a seat. The case comes next and I flip the catches and open the lid and see what was salvaged from my gear. I see my two knives and my shotgun looking back at me. The gun has seen better days since I was given it but it still does its job better than before. I strap the blades to my belt and sling the weapon over my shoulder and begin my long trek back to find where the Mockingjay has got to. Explosions rock the earth and I can feel the ground shake beneath where I sit. I had managed to get to a safe place before the bombs hit, and as luck would have it the same idea must have crossed Boggs mind as well. I sit with my back to a wall and watch the people around me. I notice the group has lost the camera men and the women who was in fact their boss. The silence of the group was only broken when a bomb would hit and they were still falling, and wouldn't stop for a while. I hear whisperings of conversation going on between the Mockingjay and 12 which is less of a conversation and more a harsh whispering. "We need to get out of here and help" His voice is even similar to my nightmares "And do what Gale? Get ourselves killed?" Her response is met with a low growl and even angrier response. "I'm not going to sit here and do nothing" "She's right you know". My voice breaks through the silence and I watch both of them stop arguing and look in my direction. I see him attempt to speak before I cut him off "You wouldn't last 5 minutes alone out there. You don't even know where in the district you are, how can you help against a flying machine that drops bombs and flies away?" I am rewarded with silence from her and a low growl from him. "Want me to tell a story to pass the time?" I ask with a smile "I can guarantee it will quench the desire for blood you so fondly look for" He turns to look at her and she shrugs and looks at me waiting for me to begin. He turns his gaze back to me and gestures me to start. "You might want to sit down. Its a long story" I gesture to the floor in front of me. "Well, my name is Garret Kael and I share a special bond with your Mockingjay" I say. She is no doubt confused and he looks downright murderous. "And how is that?" She asks "Not all victors are as famous as Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark" I say, I watch her expression shift from curious to thoughtful. She is trying to figure out where I'm from. "You wouldn't recognize me from when I won. I won the 66th Games. From the look of me you would guess District 7 or maybe 9. I'm not from those Districts" I'm cut off by his voice "Where are you from them?" "District 1" I see the flash of anger and hatred across his face not leave as he bares his teeth slightly and clenches his fists. Next to him she looks pensive and slightly shocked at best. I catch a look in her male 'friends' eyes before I continue my story "I know what you're thinking. District 1 is the capitols favorite child, why would they have rebel victors? Simple, I have no family. Never did, if you count an orphanage then I guess you can say I did." "Being from an orphanage I knew how important family was. And when I was 18 I volunteered to save a 12 year old girl from being reaped, much like you did. But she wasn't family. I did it because why should I live and her family suffer? So I volunteered and was sent into the 66th Hunger Games" "I'm going to skip the boring parts and get to what is important. During the first night of the arena I slit the throats of all the tributes from Districts 1, 2 and 4. I was the only 'Career' in the game which evened the playing field. None of those kids stood a chance against the 6 of us, but they stood one with just me" "After a couple of days I woke up to both District 12 tributes standing over me arguing what to do with me. The male wanted me dead, whereas his partner just wanted to leave me. They both remind me of you" The looks they give me are typical. "She looked like you. Dark hair, olive skin and rather skinny. But she had a heart and knew a fair fight and wanted to keep it fair. He looked like you. A tall exact replica of you. He would look for any weakness and attempt to use it against the person in front of him. The look in his eyes is the same that haunts me to this day. It also resembles yours when you're angry. But hopefully unlike him you don't stab your District partner in the chest for not agreeing with you" "It's safe to say that I killed him. I took his head off with a sword. Clean cut, not brutal like a regular kill. A civilized kill you could say. He didn't feel a thing" I take a deep breath and continue "It was a mercy what I did to him. His partner was in pain until she died. I stayed with her until she died. I asked her about her family and friends. Asked what her boyfriend was called to get a smile out of her. She died in the night with her head rested in my lap and my hand in hers" "Every night I see those images in my head. Her dying in my arms and him stabbing her in front of me. His face taunts me in my dreams and there is nothing I can do about it" I pause and collect myself. I notice a blinking red light and the cameraman behind them and compose myself for the rest of the story. "As you can tell, I won my games and came home to a empty house full of things I knew nothing about and a title which meant nothing to me. Over the years I watched tributes kill and win but what makes it worse was