Hello everybody! This is my first *real* story in a long time. Warning though: I am absolute schist when it comes to beginnings, so just bear through the first 2 chapters, it's kind of uneventful but I promise, all the stuff that is said will make sense later. . . As this is a High School Female Camp AU, so we obviously have some characters that got name changed . . . Will Solace = Lia Solace Nico di Angelo = Nica di Angelo This story is almost completely OOC for several characters so . . . you have been warned! Well, then, without further ado, I present to you . . . Campfire. (Author's note: I decided to change a few things after consulting Riordan Wikia. The first chapter has been edited to fit character descriptions.) If faces were different when lit from above or below . . . what was a face? What was anything? -William Golding (Lord of the Flies) Prologue . . . We often think we can never know enough.. But there are times when you know too much for your own good. I can't believe this is happening to me. Fire, bright yet dark at the same time. Who knew it would come to this? ~~Campfire~~ Chapter One: Welcome to Wolf Grove . . . My name is Lia Solace. I was sent to Wolf Grove summer camp because it was a very stressful time for my mother, Flora. She could never find happiness after my sister went missing. It was a very long time ago, so long that I can barely remember my sister, but my mother could never be completely satisfied, and she was always moving. Anyway . . . enough about my family life. Summer camp is when this all started, so that's where I'll begin. Stepping into the shaded clearing, I sighed as some other girls milled around, chatting amongst each other. The dappled light shone through the canopy of leaves that softly rustled in the breeze. Faint chirping of crickets could be heard, and every so often the calls of unseen birds sounded throughout the forest. My blonde, slightly curled hair that was just past shoulder length fluttered in the light summer breeze, my aquamarine eyes had a dull sheen. I was wearing a blue silk-like dress, and a silver necklace that had a small sapphire on it. "Ugh." I groaned, letting out a deep sigh. "I bet this is going to be lame." Putting a hand to my head, I continued my muttered rant to thin air. "I can't believe mum sent me here - and it's not even my fault. I could literally be anywhere but standing in this forest right now." As I spoke, a girl with curly cinnamon brown hair approached me. She had golden eyes, and a white flower placed skillfully behind her ear. She wore a white blouse and maroon shorts. A blue jay's feather fluttered on her woven black leather necklace that rested on her mocha skin. Smiling, she said, "Sorry, but I couldn't help but overhear what you were saying. I'm not too keen to be here either as a matter of fact." She sighed. "I'm Hazel by the way." "Oh, hey. I'm Lia." I replied with a slight smile on my lips. "So, have you met anyone else here?" "Briefly." She answered. "This girl Reyna, she leads the camp, seems nice." Hazel said under her breath. "Maybe a little too over-enthusiastic." "Ah, a stereotypical camp director I suppose." "Yep." "At least they all look about our age I guess." I said, trying to lighten the mood. "Agreed. Even Reyna looks quite young." Hazel nodded. "Ugh, I would hate it if my mum sent me to a camp full of kids." "Me too." Hazel said with a faint smile. Suddenly a happy voice called out amongst the chattering, "Everyone gather round!" Hazel gave a shrug. "I guess we should go and see what's up." with that, the two of us walked closer toward the small gathered circle of girls. "Welcome to Wolf Grove camp everybody!" said a girl with long black hair. Her ebony black eyes sparkled with childish joy. "My name is Reyna Arellano, and I'll be the camp director this year." she explained, introducing herself. "You all should be really excited for the next 4 weeks!" she exclaimed with a girlish squeal. "I know I am. However, before we do anything fun, I have to establish a few rules." she said, her expression getting serious. "I know. Boring right? It's mandatory I'm afraid." she said with a faux sad sigh. "Anyway . . . there are a few basic rules like don't beat each other up, and don't leave the grounds without telling me where you're going. These should be obvious. You'll get three strikes and then you're out!" she exclaimed. "There are a few other less obvious rules though. First, you mustn't stay out in the forest past curfew unless under certain conditions. Curfew starts at 9:30. The other rule is that the door behind you all is strictly out of bounds. This is for your own safety." At the mention of this, I sneaked a quick glance backwards, and saw a rusted steel door on an old, vine covered building, before quickly turning back towards Reyna, who was finishing up her spiel. "Anyway! That's the all of the boring rules out of the way. Who's ready to have the time of their lives?" Looking around our small circle, I saw most everyone was yawning or scrolling on their phones. Reyna payed no mind to this. "Well! Let's get started! First activity - race you all to the cabin!" After a long, tiring hike, we finally made it to the cabin, which sat snuggly in the center of the large clearing in the middle of the forest. The sun glistened down, illuminating the drops of dew still left on the emerald grass. The sky was a brilliant blue, not a cloud in sight. A large fire pit was located about 10 yards away from the cabin, and was surrounded by a wide circle of cobblestone and a few benches. Several logs were laid nearby, most likely for refueling the fire. The awe striking scene was the opposite of what I had expected. I walked with Hazel, utterly exhausted. "So, did you catch any of what Reyna said earlier?" I asked Hazel as I let out a heavy sigh. "Kind of. I got the bit about the door being out of bounds." "I wonder what that's all about?" "Probably nothing. I expect that it's a power room for the cabin or something. Anyway, I should probably go and mingle. Do you want to join?" she asked with a smile. "Sure, I'll join you." I reply back happily. "Now . . . who to talk to?" Hazel questions, half speaking to herself. We both looked around for a second. Suddenly Hazel exclaimed: "There are two girls over there who look nice! Why don't we go and talk to them?" I looked to where she was pointing and saw two girls. One had chest length dark ringlets and had on oversized sunglasses. She was wearing a white knee length dress that complimented her slightly tanned skin. Standing next to her was a red haired girl with shoulder length wavy hair, feathery bangs that were adorned by a white flower, and light bronze skin, who was wearing a pink tank top underneath a thin, striped jacket that was slightly open, as well as jean shorts. We stepped closer to them. "It totally sucks that this is an all-girls camp right?!" The redhead grumbled in a high, airy voice. "I didn't get that 'Rear of the Year' award for nothing." she bragged, fluffing her hair. "If there were guys here, they would be running after me, not you, Rachel." The black haired one retorted haughtily. "I was Prom Queen after all. Plus, your fake tan didn't exactly go to plan, did it?" "Oh my god, don't talk to me about that!" Rachel whisper-exclaimed placing her hands over her mouth. "Anyway," said the black haired girl as she turned her attention to us. "Who are these two? New additions to our group?" "Oh um . . . we just came to say hi." Hazel stammered out. "I'm Hazel, and this is Lia." she introduced as she swept a hand towards me. "Hi!" Rachel exclaimed enthusiastically. The black haired one gave us a small smile, then said in a 'I'm the best' voice, "I'm Drew Tanaka and this is Rachel Dare. She's a bit . . . embarrassing." "Drew!" Rachel gasped. Drew artfully ignored Rachel's comment. "So why are you both here?" "My mother sent me here." I said. Drew and Rachel both laughed for a second. "No honey, I meant, why did your mother send you here?" Drew asked. "I thought it would be obvious that no one would be here voluntarily right? If anyone actually WANTS to be in this hell hole then they must lead a pretty sad life." She laughed. "Well that's awkward . . ." Hazel muttered. Drew gasped. "I'm joking of course! So Lily, why are you here?" "Lia." I said. "So sorry." Drew said quickly. "So Lia, why are your here? You didn't volunteer right?" "I'm not going to go into detail about my family life with a bunch of strangers. I'll just be vague about it." I thought. "Oh, y'know, my mum's just stressed out. It was just pure bad luck that a leaflet for Wolf Grove Summer Camp came through my door." "That IS unlucky." Rachel said in agreement, as she crossed her arms. "But tell us all the juicy details." Drew gushed. "Why is your mother so stressed out?" "This isn't really any of this girl's business. " I thought, irritated. "I've just been partying way too hard you know?" "Well," Drew smirked as she spoke, "You don't look too much like the partying type, but I suppose they do come in all shapes and sizes." she proclaimed, fluffing her hair. "What's THAT supposed to mean?!" "Speaking of party animals, are you two coming to my party tonight?" Drew asked. "Wait, we can have parties here?" I asked, astonished. "The camp director says it's fine as long as we stay next to the cabin." Drew crossed her arms sassily. "There isn't much to do anyways, so at least we're allowed to drink." "That's kind of weird for a summer camp, don't you think?" I said, raising one eyebrow. Drew looked around then whispered to our little group. "Rumor has it our camp leader is a little . . . 'cuckoo'." "I think that's understandable if she's been here her whole life." Rachel announced, eyes wide. "Just imagining living here for that long gives me the creeps." "Rachel, did you just assume that the camp director lives here?" Drew said with a giggle. Rachel laughed with her then suddenly stopped. "What are we laughing about again?" Drew rolled her eyes and let out a dramatic sigh. "Don't worry your little head about it Rachel. Anyway, will you two be coming to this party or not?" "Sounds good to me! What about you Lia?" Hazel questioned. "I'll go. It sounds like fun." "Great!" Hazel smiled, giving a little clap. Suddenly, a girl with platinum blonde hair wandered into our midst. She wore a bright pink tank top under a white half-length blazer and jean shorts. "OMG, did I hear that one of you got the 'Rear of the Year' award?! My name is Ashley, and I did too! I can tell we're going to be BFFS already!" "OMG this is so exciting!" Rachel squealed happily. Hazel and I took this as our cue to leave, and we slinked off to get away from the crazy popular folk. "Sorry for all that. Shall we talk to someone else now? That was getting a bit much." Hazel enunciated, eyes