This is just a little one shot that came to me for Halloween. Maggie J Masen and Alice's White Rabbit have helped me clean this thing up so that it's presentable, so thanks to both of them for that. Enjoy! Bella- As I pack up my things to head home after work, Alice stops by my desk to talk. I know what she would offer; I can see it written all over her face. "Hey, wanna follow me home and eat dinner with us?" Of course, I was right. "Jasper made some of his pork barbeque that you love so much." A large sigh makes its way from her mouth, a little too staged, but there all the same. "He always makes way too much of it." Her left arm slides into her coat, and her comments sounds so casual, almost flippant, but I know better. The begging was written in her eyes even if it was missing from her words. "I'm good. I have some lasagna left. Besides, I wouldn't be any fun. I have tons of paperwork left to get done tonight. If I skip out on it now then I'll only have to catch up tomorrow, and I don't want that." I wrinkle up my face as I speak. I keep my words as casual as hers while ignoring the elephant in the room. For Alice's sake, I have to ignore it. No one wants to hint at the fact that Alice was getting past the point of being a good friend to bordering on really creepy stalker. She has been for months. Jasper and all the others seem to placate her, encouraging her to let the "ideas" go gently. Months now this has gone on, and I think it's time for someone to get real with her, to tell her like it is. She needs to cut the shit out or else someone is going to lock her ass back up in the loony bin like when she was a teenager. That's what best friends do; they tell each other the truth, right? When everyone else is saying nice things, we say the things they need to hear. I love Alice with all of my heart. We have been best friends since grade school. Long before her mom went nuts and killed her dad in front of her, long before her stint in the loony bin, and long before Jasper and Edward became our significant others. We've been through thick and thin. But this has got to stop; her comments, her suggestions, and her craziness is only going to hurt her. Rose suggested it might be the pregnancy. Carlisle said it was possible, certainly a probable medical explanation, the hormonal changes in the body causing her chemical balances to be slightly off. If so, then we have four more months of craziness to deal with, and I'm about on edge as it is. "You sure? You look tired. Why don't I drive us? You can stay in the guest room, and we'll carpool in tomorrow like old times?" The begging in her eyes turns to excitement, and I hate to let her down. Adult life had pulled us apart recently, and I do love to hang out with her. But I can't, not this time. "Alice, I've got things to do, paperwork and such. Not tonight, sweet cheeks." I pat her arm and turn to put my coat on. "Bella, I don't want you to be alone tonight. We can have a fire and s'mores." Now the sigh that escapes is mine. "Alice, don't be silly. I'll heat up the leftover lasagna, pour some wine, and Edward will come by to start a fire in my fireplace. We made plans to talk; I can't leave him hanging." I turn away from her and gather my purse as I speak. I clearly hear the gasp as I mention Edward's name. I hate how mad she still is with him. Yeah, we argued, got angry, and he left me; but he's trying to mend those fences and get us back to where we once were. She needs to let it go and give us the space to do that. "Oh, Bella." Tears are evident in her voice. "Alice, I won't have this again. I've told you how I feel about this. No begging and pleading. We're working on things, and I can't stand it when you won't even try to understand. Why do you have to be such a cunt? For God's sakes you're worse than Jessica Stanley sometimes." She stands stock still in shock as I march away. Harsh, maybe? But I just need my best friend to support me sometimes, and more often than not, support and Alice were not synonymous these days. I drive home in the pouring rain, only the slapping of the windshield wipers as my company. After the argument, I didn't feel like music or any other distraction. I left my phone in my purse as well. I wasn't ready to take the "I'm sorry, please forgive me" text I know was bound to happen sooner or later. She needs to stew this time. Maybe then she will see how committed I am to getting things back on track with Edward. I mean, hell, it wasn't all his fault that he left. I had a part in it. A big part. We had been together since 8th grade. Never dated anyone else, never kissed anyone else, nothing. We were meant to be, a forever kind of thing. Alice wasn't pissed about it because when I began to date Edward, she got to spend more time with his best friend, Jasper, whom she secretly had a crush on. So, win/win for us all. Edward and I dated all through high school and got married the summer before we left for college. Things were great, college was a breeze for both of us, and we came back home to Forks because we wanted to be close to both of our families when we started our family. It took us almost a year, but we finally got the good news, only to be stunned when we went in for our routine ultrasound to find out the baby's heart was no longer beating. Our baby had died inside of me, gone, no hope of saving it. In fact, they had no idea how long it had been gone, just that it was. Edward tried to be strong for me, but I grew further and further apart from him. I focused on the cavern that used to be my womb, the place where our child grew. Now it was dark, desolate, and empty. Everyone tried to encourage me to try again, to "start over." How could they say things like that to me? They implied it was easy as pie to just forget I had a child inside of me, that the child could be taken out like yesterday's trash and forgotten that simply. So, yeah, I was a little nuts for a while, to the point where Edward felt like he had to leave and get some space. But we're okay now. We're working on things, and I've admitted my part so I can move past it. It's taken therapy, medications, and a very brief stay in the same nut house Alice called home for six months, but I'm here now, healthier and working on getting my life back in order. The lights are off when I get home. I expected Edward to arrive before I did, so, naturally, it makes me worry slightly. With all the rain and how quickly it gets dark during the winter, those are not a good combination for driving. I immediately shut down the unhealthy thinking and begin to focus on the good of the situation. Charlie was Chief of Police; if Edward were involved in an accident then he would call me right away to let me know. Hell, the last accident Edward had, I knew before Charlie did. The deputies recognized the car and called me right away. No such phone call tonight, so things are most assuredly fine; he's just running late like I did. That's all. Since Edward isn't here, I start the fire and throw the lasagna into the oven to warm as I change into some comfy sweats so we can relax and talk. Edward has not moved back into the house with me, not yet anyway. We are working toward that goal, but it wasn't unusual for him to sleep over here now and again. He has left things here and there around the house to remind me of his presence. I know he has clothes upstairs in the spare bedroom, his toothbrush is in the hallway bath, and his dirty socks are by the bed like always. It's just in the spare room instead of the master bedroom. Just as I pull the lasagna out of the oven, a knock sounds on the front door. My brow scrunches in worry. Edward would use the kitchen door, closest to the detached garage. Who would be knocking on the front door? "Hey, Bells. You okay? I came to check on you because of all the rain and some slight flooding. I wanted to make sure you got home okay?" Charlie stomps his feet on the doormat outside my front door to clear the mud and rain from his boots as he pushes his way passed me and inside the house. It gives me a warm and fuzzy feeling to know my dad feels as at home in my house as he does at his own, then I realize he's looking around. Almost checking out the rooms he can see from the front door. The hairs on my neck stand up. Why would my dad be checking on me? "Yeah, my drive was fine. I didn't think you were working tonight; something come up?" I ask as I try to push down the feeling of eeriness. "We just tend to have more accidents on nights like this, so I decided to go in and help out, just in case." He pauses as he sees my dining room table set with two places. "You expecting someone for dinner?" "What a silly question, of course I am. Edward is coming over." I throw my hands on my hips; everyone in town was slightly left of center today for some odd reason. Maybe it was Halloween and all the spooky vibes around this time of the year. Who knows, but it was certainly working. I was spooked. "Bella …" He looks so sad and slightly confused. "Dad, look, it's a slow process, okay? Just give me time to figure it out, and we'll be fine. But for now, just let me work this out in my own way, deal?" Before he can answer, his police radio comes to life with details and codes only Charlie understands. "Duty calls. Please, stay inside tonight. I don't need to worry about you out there with all the yahoos too stupid to stay in, okay?" I nod as he kisses my forehead and turns to leave. "We'll talk about the Edward situation, soon." I just nod. I know there's no other answer for him. He will not be denied. His lights cast shadows across the dining room wall as I watch him drive away. I worry that one day I'll get a call about him too, only it will be much more serious than a simple car accident. The timer for the garlic bread and the kitchen door opening both brought me out of my stupor of dreadful feelings. "Edward, is that you?" I call out. "Of course, it's me. You invite more than one man to dinner each night?" His smirk is truly the thing dreams are made of. You can see the sexy, drop-dead good looks, the boyish charm, the touch of naughty, and the sweet innocence all rolled into