The third compartment down, James was in luck. A woman and man sat in the window seats, but there were two empty seats next to the door. Sighing with relief, James slid the door open. "Mind if I join you?" "Of course," said the woman politely, turning to face James. Something about her caught James' attention. She was pretty, but not uncommonly so. Her red hair and green eyes were striking, he supposed, but it was more the way her mouth was turned up at the corners, as if she was permanently smiling at a secret. The man, on the other hand, was not only sallow and hook-nosed, he was surveying James with distinct distaste. He didn't make any vocal protest, however, so James chose to take his silence for assent and chose the seat facing the woman, where the view was better. He stowed his rucksack in the overhead compartment and stripped off his shoes so he could prop his long legs up on the seat opposite. He was just settling in for some nice shut eye when a snide voice said, "I don't believe your feet belong there." He cracked an eye open and saw the man scowling at him. "Oh, leave him alone, Sev," said the woman. She too had taken off her shoes, James notices, and was sitting cross legged on her seat. James smiled and closed his eyes again; he had won that battle without even fighting. There was silence for a few minutes, and James was just dropping off when the man's voice said, "Are you nervous?" Startled back into consciousness, James cracked open his eyes blearily. The woman was gazing out of the window, her knees propped under her chin and her arms wrapped around her legs. The man was gazing at her with a very different expression than he'd worn when looking at James; it was almost tender. "A bit," the woman said, turning to look at him. "You'll be fine," said the man. "You have me, and I know you'll take London by storm. Just wait until you see our flat. It's not much, but it's right by one of the canals. I thought you'd like that." "That sounds great, Sev." The woman smiled at him, genuine and warm. James shut his eyes. So they were together, these two. A very mismatched couple, he thought. It was not, strictly, any of his business, but James made a habit of intruding on others' business. "And come on, Lily, you've gotten the Phoenix Fellowship! You've wanted this for years!" Now James' interest was truly aroused. His father had been very involved in the creation of the fellowship and James' family had contributed large donations over the years. It was indeed a very prestigious award, and much coveted among those hoping to enter into immigration law and policy. "I know , Sev," the woman called Lily responded. "I'm excited, don't worry. Just a little apprehensive, too. First time out of Scotland and all…But don't worry about me. I want to hear more about you . You were so cagey about work when you were talking with my mum. What do you do, exactly?" "It's nothing much. Just a cog in the corporate wheel of a big biotech company. T.M. Riddle." And now James just couldn't keep himself out of the conversation any longer. "Isn't that the organization that was recently brought to court with allegations of making large, illegal donations to political candidates?" he asked casually, opening his eyes and turning to the man, who immediately looked enraged. "I believe we were having a private conversation over here. If you're going to eavesdrop, you can just leave the compartment right now." The woman, Lily, seemed more interested in what James had said. "Is that true, Sev?" she asked, turning to her companion. He seemed to struggle to master himself, but succeeded in smoothing the anger from his face and responded coolly. "Allegations have been made. Nothing's been proven. Besides, all the large firms are donating to political campaigns these days, it's the only way to keep government out of places it doesn't belong." The woman looked horrified. "Seriously, Sev? So, what, you support a government where money's the only thing that talks?" James felt it was far too early for politics, and he was tempted to close his eyes again; however, he was deriving amusement from the way Severus kept glancing over at him, looking distinctly unsettled. "I never said that, Lily," he said, lowering his voice to a mutter, as though hoping to cut James out of the conversation. "But if you work hard, you definitely have more of a say. Like us." Lily was looking shocked, and, for reasons unknown, James decided to once more inject into the conversation. "And once you're at the top, are you going to join the other politicians and big business men in putting up as many barriers as possible to protect your position?" Lily looked at James approvingly, which almost made up for the regret he felt; he was never going to get any sleep now. His hangover reappeared in the form of a sharp pain behind his eyes. "I thought I made it clear we didn't approve of eaves-" "No, I want to hear your opinion on the matter, Severus," Lily interjected. "You were always complaining how those rich kids at boarding school were doing everything they could to knock you down-" "But that's what I'm saying, Lily!" he said, turning to her earnestly. "I worked harder than those assholes, and look where I am now! Nobody helped me get here -" "That scholarship did," Lily interjected. "That government-funded scholar-" "Ok," Snape hissed, throwing another glance at James. "I'm sorry. Can we talk about something else?" He gave her a pleading look that made James snort loudly. Severus turned slowly to look at him, dislike etched into every line of his face. James raised an eyebrow at him cockily, and Severus' eyes suddenly narrowed. "James Potter." James gave a start. "How did you know my name?" but Severus was already turning back to Lily, looking triumphant. "You remember that prat I told you about from school, the know-it-all politician's son? Well, now you've had the pleasure of his acquaintance." Severus's smirk was positively vindictive now. "So when you talked about the rich putting up barriers, were you speaking from personal experience, Potter?" Lily had turned her suspicious gaze on him now too. "My father got into politics to break down barriers, not construct them. And he's not a politician, he's a policy researcher. Much like Lily here," he nodded at the woman and she looked surprised. Turning back to Severus, he added, "So, we know each other from school? I can't quite place…" Severus gave a harsh laugh. "Of course you wouldn't remember all the peons you tormented. But your mate Sirius Black probably would." And then it came to James. "Snivellus?" Severus snorted, giving Lily a significant look. So, James thought, Severus Snape. Never knew that was his first name. The five years that had elapsed since James had last seen him had changed Snape. His hair was longer and his clothes were nicer, though they still couldn't hide the thin, slumping shoulders or mask the unpleasant sneer that seemed permanently affixed to his face. "Snape," he said stiffly. "Didn't recognize you. Funny, I thought your first name was Snivellus." Snape's lip curled at hearing the old nickname again. "I see you haven't grown up at all, Potter. Not that I would have expected-" "All right, enough," Lily interjected. James glanced at her; he'd almost forgotten she was there. "We have to share a compartment for three more hours, could we set aside the schoolboy feud?" "With pleasure, m'lady," James replied. It was time he got to work on that nap, anyway. Snape, however, was less willing to let the matter rest. "Do you not remember everything I told you about him, Lily? He's a prick. His best mate almost got me killed. And his other mate, Lupin -" "All right, Snape," said James, standing up suddenly. "What are you trying to achieve here? You want me to leave and stand out in the corridor for three hours? Or would you rather we both just stepped outside for a moment to settle this?" Snape rose too. "There it is again, your intolerable arrogance. Nobody invited you into our compartment, Pott-" "Oh for God's sake!" Lily had stood as well. "This is ridiculous! You are two grown ass men! Would you quit it and just Sit. Back. Down." "I'm not sitting until he leaves," said Snape, addressing Lily with his back turned firmly on James. "Severus," she hissed. "Would you please act your age?" James' hangover headache was getting out of hand. "You know what, I'm going to get a cup of tea, or maybe a hair of the dog. Whatever. You two sort this out." Seriously. If there was a single other empty seat on the train…He had to keep reminding himself that he was not 15 anymore, and getting into a fistfight on the train from Edinburgh to London could have real consequences. When he reentered the compartment a half hour later, steaming mug of tea in hand, it was to find Lily alone. "Where's Sniv-er, Snape?" he asked her. She turned from staring out of the window. "Oh he went off somewhere," she said, waving her hand vaguely. James could tell she was trying to appear casual, but her miserable-looking face suggested she felt differently. James hadn't wanted for this to happen. For Pete's sake, all he'd wanted to do was sleep the whole train ride, and now he felt responsible for cheering up a stranger. He took his seat and cast around for a topic of conversation. "So, the Phoenix Fellowship, eh? Congratulations." Lily looked over at him, one eyebrow raised. "You were eavesdropping the whole time?" "Not eavesdropping, exactly. I mean, I couldn't really help overhearing. I was trying to sleep. Besides, it caught my attention because, er, because I had a friend who got it. A few years ago." James wasn't sure why he was lying, except that Snape's accusations of him being a "know-it-all politician's son" were still in the back of his mind. Somehow, he didn't think Lily would be too impressed with his pedigreed background. "Oh," said Lily. "It's pretty prestigious. I guess you want to go into immigration policy?" "Yeah." Her one word answers weren't really giving James much to work with, and he was just coming to the conclusion that she wanted to be left alone, when she added, "Well, maybe. I was always on track for policy, but I've started to think that maybe I want to do something a little more hands-on. Do you know what I mean?" James nodded. He knew exactly what she meant. He himself always needed to be in the thick of the action. "Policy is important, but you're just so removed from the people you're affecting. And you can only work within the framework of what's currently considered 'politically feasible. I've got to know what's going on either way, though, so I think this fellowship will set me up really well." "It definitely will," reassured James. "You get to meet with MPs and work with other NGOs and foundations all over Europe." Lily gave a small smile. "Right now it all sounds rather intimidating, but I know when the time comes, it'll be exciting. But enough about me. Where do you work?" "I work for the Quibbler-" "Wait, the political satire magazine? I love the Quibbler!" James smiled. It was a fairly normal reaction. He loved telling people where he worked. "That one article about Nigel Farrage's satanic rituals-" "Hey, I wrote that one!" James interjected. "Really? Well, you made me fall off the couch laughing. It's funny I didn't recognize your name on the article, what with the number of times Sev complained about you growing