Hi guys. So this is my first attempt at writing a progressive fiction. It's a dual perspective story, because I like for you to experience Snarkward AND Sassy Bella. None of the characters are my own of course, they all belong to Miss Meyer. I promise not to use them for anything horrendous like Fifty Shades of Grey (Or to ever describe an ear as an auditory canal). The title of this chapter and the fiction itself is taken from the song "Soon We'll be Found" by Sia. It's a beautiful song, go check it out! Please read and review, so far I've had some lovely feedback on my stories. Come along, it's the break of day. Surely now you'll have some things to say. It's not the time to be telling tales on me… I inhaled the smell of the gym, and it brought back a rush of childhood memories. I spent the majority of my younger days up until the age of seven here, cooped up in Charlie's office doing my homework. Charlie always said that my mom was so preoccupied with other things half the time, he was afraid she'd forget about me completely whilst he was at work and I'd stick my fingers in a socket, or something. Clearly having an accident prone kid messed with his head. The building itself was housed in an old police academy. Despite Forks having a population of – 40 some days, they used to send police from nearby Seattle to get their basic training here. When they moved the facilities elsewhere, my dad Charlie bought the place (Jokingly earning him the title, "Chief of Police"). It was a weird youth/town centre these days. Before my mother had left she had run a pottery and art class here, to which flaky mothers of varying degrees had turned up to 'find themselves' again after having their children. Renée had loved the brief fame it had brought her, always the social butterfly, and my dad had been duped into believing that his wife could make do with being a local celebrity and put her dreams of moving out of the small town behind her. It was a relatively successful business, but the greatest pull by far was the boxing gym that Charlie had constructed in the basement. In a small town, young boys got bored very easily, and the police were forever having to criminalise youngsters for small acts of vandalism, or smoking pot in a forgotten alleyway somewhere. Of course, there were those who still did those things, but the gym was a good place for them to come to vent their Podunk town frustrations. A lot of the boys around here had even secured scholarships to outer state universities because of their competition in local leagues. Most importantly, there was always a rivalry between the La Push teens and Forks High. La Push was the Indian reservation in Forks, and it was notoriously known that the two schools just did not mix. Charlie had been best friends with Billy Black, head of the reservation for year (A friendship forged in late night fishing and card games,) and I had always been close to his son Jacob as a child. My dad really wanted to abolish the rivalry that was sparking so many fights, or even to channel the competitive energy into one place. The La Push boys - although built like tanks – were absurdly light on their feet. They made excellent trainees. I had just hit seven when my mom decided that she was being suffocated by my dad's 'small town ways'. We had moved to Phoenix then, with the guy my mom had met over some internet dating site. Phil. He was ten years her junior, and marginally an asshole, but he had a lot of money and a fancy ass car and so, I guess that was all the reason my flighty mother needed to uproot seven-year-old me and move me to a city hot as fucking hell. Since then, I'd been updated on the gym's progress through emails and telephone calls from my dad. He was still proud as hell about this place, and it felt a lot more familiar to me - walking through the doors with their peeling red paint – than Phoenix ever had. I was just here for the summer visit. Usually, Phil liked to take us on a big fancy location at this time of year, like Bora Bora or the Dominican Republic. But this year, his company had run into some money problems, and so we'd had to 'compromise'. Up until this summer, I had a boyfriend in Phoenix that I couldn't possibly be parted from, and I was ashamed today I hadn't visited for the whole summer in a while. I didn't mind that Phil's fancy shmancy holiday was cancelled. I was a truly boring teen, all things considered. No rebellious streak whatsoever and nursing a heartbreak (Apparently, he could definitely live without me AND with my best friend). And so Forks with my dad for the summer suited me just fine, even if it was currently awkward trying to remind him I was 18 now instead of 7. It was way too early for anybody sane to turn up to train yet. I had never been a good sleeper in my own bed, constantly plagued with nightmares and strange, cryptic dreams which left my sheets twisted and soaked with sweat. So when I'd woken up at 7, I'd gone for a run (Almost breaking my ankle, which was usual for me, considering I was such a clutz), hit the shower and then come here to open up. I'd left Charlie nursing a cup of coffee and lamenting the fact that it was too goddamn early. The office was just how I remembered it. Pokey, musty and reeking of…well, male. The gym always smelled kind of damp, but I figured that was probably because of the buckets of sweat people put into training here. It was barely eight a.m, and I had nothing to do with the rest of my day. I had been away from Forks so long that I highly doubted any of my childhood friends were still around…and even if they were, they'd all grown up like me. It would be weird to try and make friends with them all over again. Besides, I didn't particularly need the company. I tended to be quite a solitary individual, and I figured that I'd only have to say goodbye to everyone at the end of the summer anyway. Why torture myself with saying goodbye? No, I planned to make my summer here in Forks a reflective one. Phoenix was too busy a city for thinking. It was always too hot to properly sit down and reminisce, or even to just take five minutes to breathe in some fresh air and think about where your life was going. The air wasn't refreshing. It was a harsh realisation, rather than a gentle evaluation. I started sifting through the pile of papers on my dad's desk, automatically tidying them into a neat pile, placing all those with the corner folded down into the "read" plastic box, and all the new envelopes I'd tripped over on the way in into the "unread". I swept layers of crumbs from countless sandwiches and dust from countless days onto the floor. I was just reaching for the cloth to clean off the computer screen when the loud bang of the gym door opening startled me. "Hello?" I called out to what had previously been an empty gym. I could just make out a figure, clad in atypical boxing shorts and boots, a slim fit tank top and a large black hoodie (hood up, covering his face,) making his way over to the skipping ropes. "Excuse me?" I tried again, trying to appeal to this guy's basic manners. He simply picked up the rope and started skipping, quick and aggressive. Despite almost wearing a hole in the floor with the pace of his exercise, I heard no increase in his breathing at all. What was he, bionic? I slammed the office door purposely, marching over to where he was training. Stubbornly, I stuck my foot out, stopping the skipping rope mid-cycle, and when he faltered he looked up angrily. His hood had fallen down mid exercise, and his hair was the colour of sunrise. Gloriously auburn and equally unkempt. His jaw was strong and sure, arrogant, even, and the plane of his nose was defined, as were his cheekbones. He was all sharp angles, aside from his effeminate lips and his disarming green stare. If he wasn't drawn so tight with visible anger, I might even think him good looking. But the light in the gym was poor at best, so I wasn't going to hedge my bets. "What the fuck is your problem, kid?" I bristled immediately. I was expecting a "Sorry ma'am, I didn't hear you", not something so blatantly rude. And definitely not kid. He must have only been around 23 himself. "Excuse me?" I quirked an eyebrow at him. "What the fuck is my problem? What the hell is yours? You don't think it's common courtesy to at least alert someone that you're here, so I don't think I'm getting burgled?" He snorted and scratched at the stubble on his face. "What, you think you wouldn't notice if I was trying to wrench the punchbag off the wall?" He was mocking me. He was insolent, and on top of that he was mocking me. "I think you should leave." I wasn't going to tell him who I was. He shouldn't need to know my dad was Charlie to show some respect. I was a human being, just the same as he was. Besides, I had never been the type to cry for my daddy if things went wrong. I was too independent. "And I think you should keep your nose out of my business. I pay to come here just like everybody else." My chest was heaving with angry words I wanted to spit into his face. But I reigned myself in; I wasn't going to lower myself to his level. He had already gone back to picking up his skipping rope and I wanted to wrap it around his pale neck instead. "You know what, you're right. If you want to be an asshole, that's your prerogative." I slammed back into the office so hard the blinds shook. The prickly stranger put me in an awful frame of mind all day. I knew the only way to purge my system was to cook it out. I always cooked when I was under emotional stress. The first few weeks at my new school in Phoenix my mom had fresh cookies and muffins every day. Much to her chagrin. She'd eat the whole lot and then scald me for 'ruining her figure'. There ensued many conversations about 'keeping herself young for Phil in the bedroom'. My mother had always been excruciatingly open about 'sex' and she had been so overexcited to give me 'the talk' when I hit puberty it was positively depressing. In fact, I think she damn near shit herself when I got a boyfriend. I guess I'd never been particularly girly, so the fact that I had to deal with the feminine traits my body had forced on me (I had pretty good boobs,) made her happy somehow. I could refuse pink clothing, but sadly, I could not out run PMS. Charlie had a full steak dinner waiting for him when he came home from the gym that evening. I had left at lunch time to go get some groceries. All I had found in my dad's house upon arrival had been a tin of gherkins and a loaf of bread so mouldy it could have cured at least 1000 antibiotic requiring infections. He had cast an eye at me