The snow was gently falling outside Bella's bedroom window. Once again she felt as if she was drowning. She was sitting in her desk chair typing yet another e-mail to Alice. Alice, I know I should really stop writing these but I can't help it. It helps me still feel connected to you somehow. It is now snowing in Forks and I don't know which is worse the snow or the rain. I guess the snow kinda reminds me of Edward cold and fragrant with a hint of danger. Sometimes I think Edward leaving me in the woods was the best thing he could have done if only those boys from the Reservation hadn't found me. I would be dead and not in a constant state of pain and Charlie wouldn't be worried all the time. Any way Alice. I miss you. Bella After clicking the send button Bella stood up and went to the window and looked out over the back and side yard as the snow fell. She opened the window and let the cold wind blow gently against her face. She closed her eyes and it was almost if Edward was close enough for her to feel his breath on her face. With another sad sigh she opened her eyes snow was falling in the window so she closed it quickly and just stood there watching the snow cascade down to the ground. She saw her faded red truck. The hood was beginning to become covered with snow. She thought of the sunny boy who according to Charlie spent days getting that old heap roadworthy for her. The sunny boy she had used to find out about what Edward was and then discarded like he was unimportant as some stranger. It was while she was thinking about Jacob that she heard the unmistakable baritone on her father's best friend Billy Black. She didn't know Billy was coming today. Usually she avoided his visits because he and Edward seemed to have a mutual dislike for one another so it had just been easier to not be here when he was. But the sound of his voice, more specifically his laugh caused Bella to yearn for a sunny grin. She turned and made her way downstairs. Billy had just turned his head to say something when he caught sight of her. He was appalled by how thin and pale she was. Bella had always been a pale girl but her tiny frame was ghostly and wane now. He had talked to Charlie many times over the course of her disappearance, her return and he had describe his daughter's deterioration since the Cullens had left but seeing her with his own eyes "Hey Billy." She said low as a whisper. "Bella." "Did Jacob come with you?" "No, he is at home working on that Rabbit of his." "Oh." Billy watched as he face crumpled a little. "You know he might like some company if you want to go see him." He offered as he watched a tear roll down her cheek. "I wouldn't want to bother him besides he has probably forgotten me by now." "Bella, Jacob has never forgotten you not all those years you were in Phoenix and definitely not now. If you want to see him he is there and not going anywhere." Billy could see her indecision. Cullen still had a strong grip on her but something was definitely weakening his hold on her. Billy had a feeling his son was the key to breaking whatever had her in its grip. He watched her sigh. "Charlie doesn't want me to drive the truck in this snow." "So take mine. It has chains and it is a lot safer than the rust bucket. Hey Charlie." He called to his friend who was in the kitchen. "Yeah, Billy." Charlie called back as he came to stand in the doorway between the den and the kitchen. "Bella wants to go to my house and see Jake. If she takes my truck will that be okay?" "Sure, the snow has slowed down now and you have chains. I haven't had time to put them on her truck yet. I can take you home after the game and bring Bells back home. Go Bells have some fun with Jake. Go to the diner and get something to eat or for a walk in the snow. Something, anything." Charlie said with a sigh. Bella turned to look at her father. The sadness in his eyes mirrored hers. "Okay." She whispered as she went to the hallway closet and began to dress in her boots and heavy parka. "I will call Sam and tell him to be waiting for you at the La Push line and he can show you how to get to our house. He and Emily live right there." "Okay, if you are sure Jake won't mind." "Trust me Bella. Jake won't mind at all." "I guess I will see you later." "See ya Bella." Billy said as Charlie walked Bella out to his truck and showed her how to disengage the hand controls. Billy called Sam as soon as they exited. "Hey Emily is Sam around?" "Yeah Billy. Hold on." "Yeah Billy, What's up? Is it Jacob?" "No, It's Bella Swan." "What about her?" "She is coming down there to see Jake." "I thought she was going through leech withdrawal." "She is Sam but she wants to see Jake so Charlie and I have sent her in my truck. I need you and the boys to make sure she makes it to my house. I told her you would meet her at the line." "Okay, the boys and I will watch them." "Don't crowd them." "We won't. but really what did you hope will happen?" Sam asked with his usual frankness. "I am hoping Jacob can work a little Christmas magic and bring Bella home where she belongs." "Only to break her heart again when he imprints and leaves her behind." "Sam, Jake is not you and you chose to leave Leah behind. You chose the easy way out and now you are paying for it, both you and Emily but don't ever compare my son and Bella to you and Leah. You have no idea the depth of his feelings for her." "And you have no idea what the pull of the imprint is like." "Just do as I ask please." "I will.." Bella drove slowly down the icy roads of Forks towards the border with La Push. The closer she got the faster she drove. Something was pushing her to go to La Push. It was like Jake was calling to her without a word. Her heart just knew that this was where she needed to be. She could see the sign now and true to Billy's word Sam was waiting there for her. She pulled over to the shoulder of the road. Sam got in, his face a harsh mask that frightened Bella just a little. "Welcome to La Push Reservation Bella." "I have been here before." "You have been to our beach yes?" "Yes." "Then this is different. Our Chief is welcoming you to his home to the home of our people. You need to respect that." "I do Billy means a lot to Charlie." "Your father means a lot to this tribe Bella. He keeps most of our youth out of jail when they discover the power of a drink. He has been Billy's best friend since they were children and he loves you like a daughter." "That is why he sent you to look for me?" "One of the reasons yes. Thier house is just around the corner here." Bella was taken aback when the little red house came into view. It was old and the paint had seen it's better days kinda like her truck. "I know we have offered to fix it up for them but Billy always refuses. Says he gets around just fine and they stay warm and dry." "It is beautiful." She said. Sam immediately looked at her like she had two heads. "Can't you see them love inside it?" She whispered. Sam put this all down that the girl was crazy with grief. "Okay well I need to get back to Emily. If you and Jake leave be careful driving. He should be in the garage over there." Sam said as he pointed towards the shed on the other side of the yard. Then Bella did the last thing he ever expected she threw her arms around him and hugged him tight. "Thank you." She whispered. "For everything." When she had let go he did not say a word he just got out and went home. Bella sat in the truck for a few minutes before deciding to get out into the snow and be brave enough to go find Jacob. She stood in front of the door to the garage and took a deep breath. She struggled several minutes with the door when she finally got it to pop open she sliced her hand. "Holy Crow. Just great Bella now you will need stitches." Hearing her voice Jake slide out from underneath the Rabbit and bolted up. "Bella? " He took in the sight of her holding her hand and the blood dripping to the ground and he pulled off his shirt without a second thought and ran to her assistance wrapping her hand carefully avoiding the oil stains as he gently wrapped her hand. "Come on clumsy girl let's get you inside the house and have a look at that hand" He said as he shrugged into his jacket without ever letting go of her. Bella was staring she couldn't help it as his chest and ab muscles flexed as he put on his jacket over his naked torso. Without even zipping it up he wrapped his free arm around her shoulders and cradled her hurt hand protectively with the other. They stopped long enough for Jake to shut the door back and sprinted for the house. Once inside Bella saw what her memory outside told her was true. Love poured from the scarred wooden floors. It was in the walls. She could still hear Billy's laughter as he used to play games with her and his children throwing all four of them into the air until they squealed. Why had she never remember that. The rich baritone of Billy's laugh as she wanted him to throw her higher. Jacob's small shy smile at her as he patiently waited for his turn. Sitting on the steps encased in his mother's arms. Jake sat her down on the sofa and jostled her arm breaking her out of her reverie. "Sorry Bells I will go raid Dad's wound care stash and fix you up." "Jake..." "I will be right back Honey I promise." True to his promise Jake was back within minutes with ointment, bandages and peroxide. They were quiet as he cleaned her wound with warm soapy water and dried it before pouring peroxide on it. He blew on it to take the sting away and Bella was lost to the sensation of his warm breath on her skin, so different than Edward but just as caring. Just as gentle as he applied the ointment to her skin and placed the gauze on it and taped it down before wrapping it completely so that it stayed clean and dry. "All done Honey. I will get you a coupla over the counter pain meds and a glass of water." "Jake..." She said again. "Shh, Honey. I will be right back, There is no need to rush." He went in the kitchen and came back with a glass of water which she took gratefully. He took the glass from her and pulled her up off the sofa and engulfed her in a bear hug. "I have missed you Bells." Bella wrapped her arms around his neck and breathed