A/N: Hello my lovelies this is the anonymous o/s I wrote for the pick a pic contest that I have decide to turn into a full story. I hope you enjoy it as much as I loved writing it. The characters belong to SM not me. Thanks TayJay and Mist for the quick read and Mist Thank you for the beautiful banner " I was worried about you." "You were worried about me?" "Yeah; I guessed Edward would read my thoughts. Was he hard on you?" "He's not even mad at me, or you." "Well, damn. He's better than I thought" "He's not playing any game." "Right. Bella, he's not as perfect as you think." "I know who he is. Let's not talk about that." "I'd rather get all the re-breaking done at once." " Well, at least I did everything I could. It wasn't easy making you admit your feelings for me." "I only fought them because I knew they wouldn't change anything." "I'm exactly right for you, Bella. It would be as easy as breathing with me." "You know I love you." "You know how much I wish it was enough." "Should I come back?" "I need some time, but I'll always be waiting." "Till my heart stops beating." "Maybe even then."' Bella walked out of Jacob's room, as composed as possible, but inside her heart was broken into a million pieces. She knew without looking at them that the pack had heard every word of what went on in that tiny little bedroom. She didn't bother looking at any of them. Instead, she looked at Billy, who had tears running down his cheeks. "I'm sorry," she mouthed because she couldn't get the sound passed the lump in her throat. She bolted towards the door only to run headlong into Paul. He caught her by the arms so she didn't hurt herself, but shoved her away from him harder than he should have, causing her to fall backwards. . "What the fuck is your problem, Swan? Why did you come here?" he growled, looking down to where she lay sprawled on the ground. "Paul," Sam shouted from his position on the porch. "Sam, I m okay. Don't worry. I'm not gonna phase and break the little leech lover's neck, although I would really like to. I just want some answers. So, why are you really here, Bella?" he sneered at her. She was trying to use Sam as a distraction as she scrambled up off the ground, inching her way back to her truck. "I mean, was it not enough that Jake talked us all into protecting your skinny, pale ass and got half of his body crushed into a million tiny pieces in the process? Did you have to come and take what was left of his heart and rip it from his chest then stomp on it before going home to your precious leech and marrying him, and being undead for all eternity? You are one sick, cold-hearted bitch, I'll give you that. Maybe you do belong with those leeches after all. Get in your truck and get the hell out of here!" he yelled before moving in so close to her ear that his lips were touching it. His whisper caused her to shiver in fear, "If I catch you here again, undead or human, I will not hesitate to snap that pretty, fragile neck of yours. Got it?" Bella couldn't speak, so she just nodded her head. "Good," Paul said as he opened the truck door and lifted her inside. He closed the door behind him and walked off towards the Blacks' tiny home. Paul could hear the heart wrenching sobs coming from both the cab of Bella's truck, and Jacob's bedroom. He only hoped he was doing the right thing and that they would both survive the heartbreak. Sam was standing there quietly, watching the scene before him, until he heard Bella's truck roar out of the Black's driveway. "Paul, what did you do?" "Leave it alone, Sam. What's done is done and I can't change it. To be honest, I don't want to so just leave it be." "And if she gets hurt or Jake gets hurt because of what you have done?" Sam asked with a raised brow. "Then I will have to live with it," Paul said as he walked into the house, leaving Sam alone on the porch. It took Bella 45 minutes to get home because she had to stop three times and let herself cry. Paul was right, she shouldn't have gone to see Jake, but she had to know he was going to be okay. She slammed the door of her truck and headed in the house. Charlie wasn't home because he was working the nightshift and she had told Edward not to come tonight, that she wanted to be alone. So, the house was as empty and sad as she felt. She headed up to her room. Opening the door, she heaved a sigh of relief that for once Edward had respected her request. She collapsed onto her bed and gave into the emotions that she had been holding in for the last 15 minutes. The tears started anew. The sobs wracked her tiny frame as she grieved for the loss of her best friend and the death of her own personal sun. Paul was right, he didn't deserve to have his heart shattered as his bones had been shattered. He deserved to have everything. Because in those months after Edward left her broken and battered on that forest floor, Jake and the pack had rescued her; they took her in and healed the hole left in her heart by the Cullens. She owed them a debt she couldn't repay. The date was set and she couldn't back out or the Cullens would all die, or worse yet, the Voltorri would come and discover the pack and slaughter them as well. It was then that Bella made a decision, the only decision she could make in the circumstances and she hoped and prayed Alice didn't see what she decided to do. She got up off the bed and sat down at her desk and began to write. Dad, I have to leave again. I can't really explain it, but believe me when I say if there was any way to stay here in Forks with you, I would do it in a heartbeat. Dad, I am so sorry for all that has happened since I have been here. I wish I could go back and start over and choose differently, but I can't. Please know, Daddy, that I love you with all my heart and I always have. Please don't look for me. I can't come back and you can't know where I am. Be happy, Daddy. I'll love you always, Bella P.S. Could you give the ring and charm to Edward when he comes? Bella wrote a letter to both Edward and Jacob that she would mail as soon as she was out of town. She took out her checkbook and wallet and stuffed them in her backpack along with an extra pair of jeans, a few clean pair of underwear, a bra, and a couple of t-shirts, a few of her favorite paper backs, and one set of pjs. She got her small carry on out and stuffed her camera, a few more essential pieces of clothing, and the picture of her, Charlie, Billy, and Jacob, her dream catcher, as well as a picture of her and the Pack before zipping it up and grabbing her coat. She turned around and looked at her room one last time. Seeing her cell phone sitting on the dresser, she grabbed it and dialed Jacob's number before she lost her nerve. As she expected, she got his voicemail and she began to leave a message. "Hey Jake, it's just me, Bells. I wanted you to know I am doing what you want for me, but it comes at a price. I have written you a letter explaining everything that you should receive in the next day or so. Please don't try to find me and don't let Charlie look either. Tell Billy I said I should have listened and tell the Pack that their sacrifice is not in vain. Be careful and I love you always." She sat her phone on the dresser, picked up her bags, and headed out the door and down the steps before she could talk herself out of it. She went out the front door and got into her truck and headed for the airport. Hoping or willing that Alice not see her. She withdrew half her money at one of the ATMs at the airport and boarded the next flight out of town. She dropped Jacob and Edward's letters in the mail in L.A. before boarding her next flight. Charlie arrived home at 6 AM the next morning, ready to take off his uniform and slip into bed. Sue called him last night to tell him of Jake's accident on the motorcycle and he promised to go see Billy as soon as he got a few hours of shut eye. He trudged up the stairs and peered into Bella's room, as the door was open. He noticed a few things were amiss right away. The cell phone was on the dresser, her bed was disheveled, and there were things on her desk. To the untrained eye, they would not even be noticed, but Charlie knew these three things weren't like his daughter at all. She never did any of these things. Charlie went over to her desk and saw the ring and the charm and knew his daughter was gone even before he sat down and read the note. Tears poured down his face as he read, smudging the ink a little. He put the ring and charm in his pocket and headed back downstairs to the cruiser and headed straight for La Push. He arrived in record time, bounding up the stairs and knocking on the door. Billy opened the door. "Billy, I am sorry to be here so early and I know you have a lot going on right now but I need to talk to you. Bella is gone." "Charlie what the hell are you talking about?" "Bella, left. Here, read for yourself," Charlie said as he handed Billy the note before collapsing into the old armchair closest to his friend. Billy read over the note. He felt guilt and shame because, unlike Charlie, he knew the real reason Bella left, or at least more about it than Charlie did. He looked at his old friend and sighed. "Charlie, what are you going to do?" "I don't know, Billy. She is an adult and she doesn't want me to look for her, so legally I can't look." "I am sorry, Charlie. I didn't realize she was this upset when she left here last night or I would have stopped her. Do the Cullens know yet?" "I know you would have, Billy, and no, they don't." "Why don't you take Seth with you when you tell them? He and Edward get along and maybe he can soften the blow a bit." "Maybe, but why do I get the feeling you know some things that you are not telling me?" Charlie asked as he looked at his oldest friend. "Charlie, why don't you lie down on the sofa and get some sleep. I need to check on Jacob and get breakfast started." Billy turned with a sigh and headed for Jacob's room. He hoped Jacob was still asleep. He really didn't want Jacob to know Bella was gone and that Charlie wasn't looking for her. He peered into Jacob's room, only to hear him snoring softly. He came back into the kitchen and fixed his breakfast as quietly as he could, trying not to wake either Charlie or Jacob.