Hello and welcome to "Normal School Year, Future Kids Considered." Allow me to give some backstory. Through inexplicable cosmic events, I was thrown into the future, specifically the year 2104 and I convince Cato, Clove, Glimmer, Marvel, Marissa "Foxface" Finch, Rue, Thresh, Katniss, and Peeta along with Luci, of District 3 (she was created for a different story and she's included in here, but she only appears later on because she works a lot on her own stuff in secret) to fake their deaths (except Katniss and Peeta after their show at the pre-game interviews stir up the rebellion) and then we all work together in the rebellion, fighting on the front lines. After everything settled down (and we saved Finnick and Prim because I enjoy happy endings), time throws me back...and brings everyone else along with me. Next, I enroll everyone at my school, after having Luci and Marissa enter in total records for everyone, fake names, medical histories, everything. However, to do a lot of stuff, we needed cash. So, they stole small amounts of cash from various large organizations which had gained that money illegally. This amounts to a total of about five billion dollars. So, tuition is paid, nice apartments in a building run by a very secretive and shady character are purchased, and things settle into what passes for normal with out group. The recent actions, however, have piqued the interest of the FBI and a shadowy private organization with enough spare change laying around to hire a private army. So there's that we have to deal with. Onto non-lore topics. I am a protagonist and the narrator for this story. The "I" in the story is based off of me. My flaws are either gone (and replaced by other ones) or left alone, or even worse sometimes. I still have my good qualities, but I'm hard on my friends, I'm still very sarcastic, downright morbid, but I am more cheerful because I have a lot to care about now and people to keep me in good spirits. Cato is my asshole and womanizer of a best friend who I try and help him better himself, and various characters appear. The "fencing" mentioned is based off of a dream where I was on my school's mock combat team which was called fencing. That dream is also where most of the initial characters (my fencing teammates, and a few others) came from. Several other background characters who I interact with (such as chorus members) are based off of real people and as such fill their roles in this story that they do in real life. The story was conceived as a straight humor, however there is romance that develops (starts rather suddenly too). There are few long stretches, as it was conceived as a slice-of-life style story, so time will have odd skips and jumps between events. Usually separated by a chunk of blank space (until I think of something better) I think that's it. Anyway, enjoy and prepare to laugh...or wonder what is wrong with me. Chapter One: A Heck of a First Day "Well, our first year at your school," Cato states unemotionally. "Hey, they changed in the short time right before I was with you guys. Two years before I went forward, so a year before I went here, they were all male and had a dress code. The hangar wasn't used for anything. Now, we've got our sword combat team in there, yeah, I know, unique variant of fencing where we fight warrior style, blah blah blah, but allowing girls and casual dress too? This school year is going to be awesome," I explain. I was already acquainted with some characters around campus. My fencing teammates and close friends Zoe, Ryan and Alison who's the only rival to me skill wise, Erin who's a bitch but thinks I'm attractive and tries to have sex with me every chance she gets, Kevin who's a criminal type but is trying to break free of that world and he's smart enough not to get noticed, Austin, a computer mastermind who's extremely smart in all aspects, but can hack the DoD blindfolded while bleeding out, and Conner, my best friend from my freshman year last year. "Hey man!" Conner calls, a smile appearing on his face as he walks over. "Shit, we need names for you all," I mutter under my breath. "You'll think of something," Marissa assures me. "Hey," I greet him, "It's been too long." "I know. Who are your friends?" he asks, gesturing to the former tributes behind me. "Well, Chris Andrews, aka Cato, Marissa Finch, Katie Everdeen, Peter Mellark, Tony Franklin, sometimes known as Thresh for whatever reason he changes this week, Gabriel Hawthorne who goes by Gale," I begin. "Gabriel Lee is my first and middle name, so I shorten it to Gale," he explains my choice of name and reasoning for his "nickname" which he comes up with as quickly as I make up the aliases "Yeah, and then there's Martin Grace," I continue only to be cut off again. "And I go by Marvel as all the ladies stop and stare," Marvel says cockily. "Remind me to castrate you this evening. The thought of you having children keeps me up at night," Clove and I say at the same time, in the same flat tone. "Wow, that's still creepy," Marissa comments. "Yeah, I'm Carina Henderson but I prefer Clove. Short for Clover as in the four leaf clover, a common sign for good luck as when I'm around, things are always better," Clove says on her own. "Yes they are," I agree in a bit of a trance before quickly snapping out of it. "I'm Gwen Matthews," Glimmer adds without prompting. "Our other friend Luci Butler is around here somewhere. You'll recognize her by a big grey sweatshirt, black glasses, hair that can only be described as the color of white gold pulled back to a ponytail," I state. "Hey, show me to the locker room," Cato requests. "Sure thing," I say, "I'm sure you all can get acquainted." "No problem," Katniss says. "Later Kat," I reply and mouth, "It's a nickname that uses your real name and alias," before she can threaten to kill me. "Come on dude," Cato drags me off. "Wow, you guys have a kickass locker room," Cato says in admiration as he puts some of his sports gear in the locker assigned to him. "Yeah, you know that it took me a lot of effort to bullshit your transcripts, medical records, everything," I remind him. "But you did it. And now, all easy. Clove is finally going to go out with me..." he starts up. "Whatever situation you worked out in your head where you're a douche and she'll help you change and end up loving you is bullshit. It will never happen, ever. Quit making up fairytales," I cut him off. "You don't know that," Cato snaps. "Pretty sure he does," Zoe adds from the girls section. "Thanks Zoe," I call back. "No problem," she replies as she walks into the entrance to the girls section and leans against the door. "Oh, what do we need for fencing?" Cato asks. "Plain clothes, your choice of sword," I reply. "No uniform?" Cato asks suspiciously. "After Ryder's grand fuckup last year, Coach worked it out where we don't need them. First day he forgets his gear, Coach lets him fight anyway, and he kicks ass. Oh by the way, today's match is against the Russian team again," Zoe explains. "It wasn't all me. If I recall, I was only showing off, sort of, to get your attention because we liked each other," I counter. "Yeah, and then I was kidnapped and you guys saved me," Zoe adds. "So you're telling me that this mother fucker right here was into crazy stupid dangerous stuff before I met him?" Cato inquires in astonishment. "Why the hell do you think I don't care if I live or die? I don't have much," I reply. "Hey, dude, think I could use a shortsword?" Cato asks me, avoiding the subject as he likes to do whenever somebody that isn't him makes a valid point. I let it go. "Don't see it mattering much," I answer with a shrug, "You trained with it before." "Yeah, we're looking for some good people to add to the team after everyone else left," Zoe adds. "Sweet. After what I showed before, even if it was faking it, I'm going to kick ass," Cato states. "Yeah," I reply in agreement. The three of us step out of the locker room. "This'll be easy," Cato proclaims as we head up the hallway towards the dining hall. "Except for the fact that dummies aren't challenging enemies by any means," I reply. "Oh what, and Peacekeepers are?" he retorts. "Hey, my kill count was still higher than yours," I reply. "That's because you're an insane, movie influenced action hero type, whereas I am..." Cato begins. "...A total jackass?" I ask. He shoots me a dirty look but his reply is forgotten about due to one of our friends arriving. "My friends, my friends, I just discovered some amazing new information. Glimmer kicks ass as a guitarist," Marissa runs up to us excitedly. "Glim can shred?" I ask with interest. "Oh yeah," Marissa responds. "Hardcore duuu-" Cato starts out, mockingly. "Shut up," I cut him off. "Match is almost starting guys," Zoe reminds us urgently. "Book it to the hangar. Marissa, round up the gang," I order. "On it!" Marissa rushes off. "Let's do this," Cato states. "Zoe, Ryder, glad you're here," Coach greets. "This is Chris. I vouch for his skills as a swordsman. Let him in," I state quickly. "If you trust him, I'll take your word. You are the star," Coach agrees without question or hesitation. I'm his golden boy. Not that I like being his favorite, but at least I worked out a deal where he doesn't compare others to me or uses me as an example when they don't perform as well as I do (which I couldn't do as good as I do without their help), and I keep my mouth shut about how incompetent he is in his position. "Hey, rat boy," my Russian rival greets, egotistical smirk plastered on his face. "You know my name, Nikita," I reply pointedly. "So?" he asks. "Explain please," Cato commands. "A year ago, the first match, our boy took out Nikita to help me out. That started a lovely rivalry," Zoe answers gesturing to me. "Come on," Alison calls to us. "Hey Alison," I greet. "Hey bud, been a while," she replies. "Missed you guys," I tell her. "Less mushy shit, more ass kicking," Cato barks as the match starts. "I'm with him," Ryan states quickly. "Okay, Cato and I will roll left, the other three, distract them," I snap into commander mode. "Rodger that chief," Cato acknowledges. "All right. Let's do this," Alison whispers. "Round, Begin!" The announcer, well, announces. I advance cautiously, waiting to see if Siren and Nikita will make any moves. "Siren, on your left," I tell Cato quietly. "Siren?" he asks. "Girl on their team who likes to play with her opponents before beating them," I answer, "Which reminds me, no killing." "Got it," Cato acknowledges before blowing past me and taking on three of their guys at once. "Hey hot stuff," Siren hisses. "Can we just do a repeat of last time?" I ask confidently. "I'm much better than last year," she replies with a mock cheerfulness, lowering her guard. I slash her chest twice and poke her stomach. "You're also out," I deadpan. "Alex! Watch your six!" Cato hollers before Alex gets knocked out. Cato's still holding his own with the three opponents. "Hey pal," Nikita greets, venom in his voice. "Hey Russian loser," I respond flippantly. "Nobody talks to me like that," he growls, fake smile twisting