Hello my amazing readers! Thank you all again SO much for your support and feedback! I honestly cannot believe you all enjoy my writing so much! Special thanks for eveyone who reviews! I appreciate it so much! Okay, so I've been thinking about this story for a while, especially after recently being hit by major DOS/BOFA feels. I'm also working on my other story "My brother" which is a series of oneshots. Since a new semester is starting at school, I might be kinda busy, but no worries! I will definitely upload new chapters as soon as I can! Disclaimer: I still don't own any of Tolkien's work This story is more action-y, though the first chapter has lots of fluff, so yeah... :D I hope you enjoy! Legolas snuggled deep into his blankets as his older brother Celeberyn blew out the candles in his room. The elfling's sharp elven hearing wandered over to the distance of the kitchen, picking up sounds of clinking plates and muffled voices. "Cel?" he whispered, tugging on the prince's sleeve. "What is it, little green leaf?" "The servants have been really busy today, setting up for something special. I heard them talking about you. What's going to happen tomorrow? Is it a party?" Celeberyn smiled. "It's a party for your hanar." The prince immediately regretted telling Legolas when the elfling's eyes grew huge with excitement. Great. Now he's not going to sleep a wink tonight. "Really? For you? Why?" he asked, jumping out of bed. "Well, every hundred years, we have especially big birthday celebrations, which is what they're preparing for tomorrow. Now, hurry and go to sleep, okay? Or no cake for you!" Celeberyn grinned, tapping Legolas on the nose. The elfling immediately jumped back in bed, pulling the blankets up. "Okay! See you tomorrow!" He whispered loudly. "Good night, little leaf." As soon as Celeberyn shut the door, Legolas ripped the covers aside and crawled out of bed, carefully lighting a few candles. He hurried over to his small desk where he retrieved a few sheets of paper and his box of crayons. Sitting down, he tapped a fat crayon against his chin thoughtfully. "It's a celebration for Cel," he whispered. "I'm gonna do something really special! Hmm…." The elfling suddenly grinned and started scribbling on the paper. "I'll make a cake! A special cake just for him! I'm gonna make Ada help me!" He chose a few more colors and finished his drawing proudly, holding it up. It was an image of a cake frosted with lots of green leaves and silver trees, decorated with tiny figures of the Mirkwood royal family. Legolas giggled as he added the finishing touches. "Cel is going to be so surprised! It's going to be so fun!" Taking another sheet of paper, the elfling proceeded to scribble a more detailed image of the figures. "They're going to be made out of sweets and painted with colored frosting! I'm going to eat Ada first," he planned happily. "And then me, and then Cel, because it's his special day!" Taking his drawings, Legolas tiptoed out of his room and snuck into the empty hallway, heading for his father's room. He pushed open the heavy doors with difficulty, then skipped in, finding the king at his desk filling out paperwork. Thranduil looked up as Legolas entered, smiling and setting down the document. "Legolas! What is it? Why aren't you in bed?" Legolas ran up excitedly and hopped onto his father's lap, waving the drawings around in Thranduil's face. "What's this?" He asked, taking the papers. He eyed the pictures in interest. "Wow, ion nin, it's beautiful!" "I'm gonna make it for Cel tomorrow! It's his special celebration day!" Legolas beamed. "Really? That's wonderful!" "You have to help me Ada!" "Alright, little green leaf. We shall make a cake together for Cel." "Yeah yeah! We have to get up super early tomorrow so it'll be a surprise!" The elfling was practically bouncing in his father's lap. Thranduil grinned and sent for Elfaron. "In that case, we must stall Celeberyn in the morning." "My king?" Elfaron bowed when he appeared in the room, "How may I assist you?" "Legolas and I are planning to make a cake for Cel tomorrow morning. I ask you to stall him for a few hours tomorrow. Is that doable?" "As you wish, my lord. It's going to be simple," he smiled. "Prince Celeberyn is easily distracted." "Fantastic! Hannon le, Elfaron." "Anything, my lord," he bowed and left the room, while Legolas giggled and clapped his hands in excitement. "Yay! It's going to be so fun!" Thranduil smiled. "Since we're going to be getting up so early, you're going to bed early too, little leaf!" Legolas pouted, "Aww….but….." suddenly, his face lit up. "Can I sleep with you, Ada? Please?" he begged. "Of course, ion nin. Ada has to finish some more work, though." Thranduil led the elfling over into the side room to his humongous bed and tucked him in. "Sleep tight, little leaf," he murmured, kissing Legolas on the cheek. "Good night, Ada!" Legolas replied excitedly. Thranduil looked at him with a raised eyebrow. "Make sure you really sleep." He closed the door lightly and returned to his desk. Great, now I'm so excited that I can't even finish my work. The king had never felt excitement like this in a long time. He didn't even remember the last time he planned any sort of surprise event for someone. Legolas could really bring out the elfling in him. Thranduil laughed and attempted to make at least a little more progress before going to bed. He really was looking forward to the morning though. "Ada! Ada!" Legolas bounced up and down on the bed, shaking his father eagerly. "Wake up! Come on!" Thranduil groaned. "Alright, alright. I'm coming, ion nin. Just one moment." "Yay!" The elfling slid off the blankets and hurried into his own room to get dressed. The king smiled and dragged himself up, Legolas's restlessness starting to spread to him. He dressed quickly and hurried to his son's room, where they both headed for the kitchen quietly. The royal cook, Nenuial left the directions on a sheet of paper in the kitchen along with the already softened butter, and departed with a smile, glad that the king was able to spend quality time with the little prince. She just hoped that they wouldn't make too big of a mess. "Let's start, Ada!" Legolas jumped onto a stool and placed his drawings on the counter next to the instructions. "What do we do first?" Thranduil rolled up his sleeves and tied Legolas' long hair back as he read the recipe. "It says that the first thing you do is cream the butter and sugar together. Can you find the mixing bowl and whisk?" Legolas breathlessly opened all the cupboards and banged around until he finally produced the huge bowl and whisk made of thin branches. He helped his father plop in the soft butter and measure out the sugar. He then attempted to cream the two ingredients together, but got really tired and surrendered the whisk to Thranduil dejectedly. "It's okay, Legolas. Watch Ada!" Thranduil then proceeded to whip the contents together in huge movements while yelling some sort of battle cry as if defeating a whole army of orcs. "Yeah! GO ADA!" Legolas cried passionately, clapping his hands. "YAAAAAHHHH!" The Elvenking felt like a fool, but was having a good time nonetheless. His archery and swordfight training really came into play as he used all his muscle and hard work to cream the butter and sugar together. When he finally finished, he was surprised at the amount of exertion that was required for merely one step. I really need to appreciate my cooks more! Striking a pose, he stuck his whisk in the air triumphantly. "Ada! You're amazing!" Legolas giggled, wrapping his arms around Thranduil. "Alright! Now that that's done…..we need to fold in the flour! "I'll get it!" the elfling ran over to a huge bucket in the corner of the kitchen and scooped up a heaping cup of the white snow-like flour. He stared at it in wonder and smacked one hand in the powder. The tiny bits flew into the air in one big puff and surrounded Legolas, making its way into his eyes and mouth. He dropped the cup and ran to Thranduil, coughing and crying. "Legolas! Are you okay?" Thranduil knelt down and gently wiped the elfling's eyes and face, who sniffed and wiped his nose on his father's sleeve. "I don't like flour." He whimpered. "That's okay, little leaf. Ada will defeat it for you!" Thranduil marched over to the bucket of flour and made a big show of scolding it for flying into Legolas' face. He scooped up a cup of white powder and dumped it into the mixing bowl as the elfling cheered him on. "Get 'em, Ada! Yeah! Ha! Take that, flour!" Legolas stood on his stool and grinned as Thranduil defeated his enemies for him. The rest of the cake-making process was just as intense. Thranduil defeated enemy after enemy as Legolas helped and encouraged his father. The end product was a large, beautifully frosted cake with green leaves, silver trees, and three little figures on the top. Legolas had frosting on his nose and all over his hands, while Thranduil was covered in flour, frosting, and sticky jam that they'd spread in the middle of the cake. The two were pretty proud of themselves at their amazing accomplishment. I guess all those years spent doing art as a hobby really paid off , Thranduil thought. "It's perfect!" Legolas giggled. "Good job, Ada! Cel's going to love it!" "He sure will, little leaf. Let's show him!" "Elfaron, why are you acting so….secretive today? And what's this strange trip into the woods all of a sudden?" Celeberyn questioned, as Elfaron led him deeper into the trees. His friend looked at him, smiling. "No reason, my prince. I just feel….." he racked his brain for anything that could sound casual. "…like today is a beautiful day and I should celebrate your birthday by taking you out for a walk!" Celeberyn raised an eyebrow. "It's about to rain." "Er…well…rain is beautiful too!" "Yes, but you didn't even bring any sort of cover for when it comes pouring down. The clouds are moving pretty fast. Are you sure you want to continue?" The prince eyed the dark sky warily, feeling like something much more then rain was coming. "If it really does start to rain, I guess we should return." As soon as the words left Elfaron's mouth, large, cold droplets began falling from the sky. "Great. Yeah. Let's go." The two elves hurried back towards the palace under the cover of the trees as the rain began dropping harder and faster, soon turning into a full-out downpour. They dashed into the courtyard, where guards immediately ushered them back into the palace and shut the gates firmly. Elfaron immediately bowed guiltily, feeling like a complete fool. "I'm sorry, my prince. I really didn't think it would rain so soon, I didn't want us to be caught in it – " "Please, El, stop it. There is absolutely no need for you to apologize. I know you had good intentions, and I really appreciate it." Celeberyn replied, placing his hand on Elfaron's shoulder. "Hannon le," he smiled. "Now, I'm going to head to breakfast. Join me! I'm sure Ada and Legolas won't mind." Elfaron agreed, if only to stall the crown prince a little more. He didn't know if the cake was ready yet, and didn't want to take any chances. He tried his best to act laid back and casual, and not as if he was keeping a secret from the person he's never supposed to keep secrets from. When the two elves reached the dining room and was met with emptiness, Celeberyn frowned in