Disclaimer: All original characters, plot ideas, situations and the like, all belong to J.K. Rowling. I make zero profit from this. Warning: This story is rated M for dark themes, sexual scenes, language, and adult situations. Full Summary: Frantic days are the norm for Susan Bones, witch and top Healer at St. Mungo's. She runs her own team, she owns her own apartment, she has everything figured out on the surface… but she's still a woman with needs... and an aching loneliness she just can't get over. When she runs into an old friend, events unfold that lead her to a relationship she knows is bad for her, but her body won't say no. And then she runs into Ron Weasley, a man who turns her world upside down. Lots of sex and bad language. You've been warned. This is a companion piece to my story "A Riven Heart", you don't need to read it first, but they do go hand in hand. Lots of hidden little gems if you're looking. ;) A Bleeding Heart Chapter 1 "The trouble is not that I am single and likely to stay single, but that I am lonely and likely to stay lonely." - Charlotte Brontë July 29th Susan Bones bit her lip as she looked through the window of her favorite dress shop in Diagon Alley. The owner, a sweet young witch that came from a muggle family, used those muggle ties to influence her fashion ideas. Susan loved them. No dress robes in Wizarding Britain looked anywhere near as beautiful as these creations. Susan wasn't particularly materialistic, but something about the way the slim waist was lined with lace in a shade of pink just slightly lighter than the fabric of the dress called to her in a way nothing did. This display of course was designed to draw the eye, bring in customers, but... The dress made her sigh. Even though, with hair as red as maraschino cherry and a parade of freckles that covered her from head to foot, pink was definitely not in her color palate. Ione, one of the Healers on Susan's team at St. Mungo's, would say to go for it, the feisty witch's clear voice rang in her head: "Susan, you have to live life before it leaves you!" It wasn't like the dress would break the bank, as one of the Top Healers at the hospital, her salary was comfortable, to put it modestly. She had made Top Healer at the age of 25, about one year ago, and with it came a hefty pay raise and a hefty amount of hours added to her work day. Except for today. Her blessed day off. Okay, where's the harm in trying it on? She thought as she found herself walking into the shop. A little bell chimed merrily as she entered. Then she bee-lined for the dress, knowing without a doubt that she could easily get lost in the shop all day if she let herself. Out of the corner of her eye, a whirlwind of colors and fabrics called to her. But the pink dress stood out against all else. Sleeveless, with a high neck, the pink color reminded her of the most delicate of the pink peonies that her Aunt Amelia used to grow in their backyard. The familiar pang of loneliness in her heart she got whenever she thought of the woman who raised her reminded her that it had been 10 years since Amelia Bones had lost her life, making Susan the last remaining member of her family... And she had a thought: Aunt Amelia would have loved this dress. Damn. And then she winced at her internal swearing, knowing Amelia would hate such language from her. She grabbed the hanger and made her way to the fitting room, nodding to the young man at the register and shutting the door firmly behind her before anymore inner swearing could convince her not to try the dress on. Purse hung up, she stripped and shimmied into the dress, the fabric sliding over her freckled skin like water. Double damn. She was right. The waistline made her look all that much slimmer, her hips flaring out with lace, the neckline sat perfectly across her collarbones in attractive angles that drew the eye, the fabric curved artfully over her breasts, making it perfect for a hospital event or even a nice date, and the color… looked horrible with her hair and freckles. Damn! It was even the perfect length on her long legs. Damn her height, she cursed. If she had been an inch or two shorter or an inch or two taller she wouldn't have nearly as many problems with finding clothing that fit. Regular sized clothing being just a touch too short, and the clothing listed as 'Tall' or 'Long' were just a touch to much. Mournfully, she redressed and hung the dress back up where she found it, making her way to the door before another dress caught her eye when she heard a old but still familiar voice. "Susan! Susan Bones!" It was Hannah Abbott. She turned and saw a witch she hadn't seen since school. Oh Gods she was going to have to talk to people today wasn't she? Ugh... "Hannah! How are you?" And somehow her voice sounded enthusiastic to her ears. The witch had blonde hair just down to her shoulders and big brown eyes, just how Susan remembered her. She looked to be doing well, but… It wasn't that she was antisocial, it was just… her day off was precious to Susan, and any kind of obligatory small talk felt like an intrusion on the precious hours that she could call her own. "What? Oh sure…" Damn she realized too late she was agreeing to go to lunch with Hannah and some people she didn't even know. "Or maybe just a cup of tea?" She suggested instead. "Ohh! I know just the place!" Susan had never been to this place, Witchy Tea Shop and Goods, but remembered it had showed up after the end of the second war in the wave of shops and restaurants that had popped up all over Wizarding Britain. Hannah chatted about nothing all the way there and when they reached the entrance squealed happily at the sight of the other witches she was meeting up with. "This is Susan, you guys! She was in my year at Hogwart's, a Hufflepuff!" They ooo'ed and aww'ed, fawned and squealed and even though Susan hated women like that, it was simultaneously nice to be part of a group even as she loathed ladies who lunched... Together they walked into the shop and grabbed a table, the other witches saddled with shopping bags and already talking over each other in an attempt to catch up on as much gossip as they could, asking Susan if she was seeing anyone. No, she wasn't. Surely there was some fox in her life? Well there was this one guy… More ooo'ing and aww'ing. But it's just so complicated. Go for it girl. And for some reason, even though another witch said it, she heard it in Ione's voice. It was as they were settling into their table that Susan noticed another witch at another table, a practiced habit of hers, to notice everyone in the room. She was standing and looking uncomfortably in their direction. It took her a few seconds but Susan finally recognized that face. The witch had lost most of her baby fat, and it somehow made her upturned nose look less pug-like and more like a button nose on a pleasantly round face, but it was definitely Pansy Parkinson. She had incredibly long, shiny black hair that reached down to her waist and she dressed in a nice blue jumper and a pair of jeans. Susan wanted to greet this witch as Hannah had greeted her earlier, but Pansy probably had no idea how much she had actually saved Susan's butt in Potion's those last few years of school, especially in NEWT levels. A Potion's NEWT had almost been the downfall to her dreams to become a Healer... But she held back because of how very uncomfortable Pansy looked, probably because Hannah and her friends were still chatting and squealing loudly. So she nudged Hannah, who nudged her friends one by one until they were all staring at each other awkwardly. Oops that didn't help did it? Okay… say something. "I haven't seen you out and about much since school, Parkinson." She said it in the same tone they had used back in school, almost snarling, mostly it had been posturing, if they hadn't been in separate houses they might've had a friendship. So she added in a more friendly tone, "How are you doing?" Pansy's face lost the awkward look and she looked about to respond when Hannah sneered meanly and said, "Why are you being nice to her, Susan? She's a traitor and a Death Eater's daughter." It was a tone Susan had never heard from her fellow Hufflepuff and she was so taken back from it she almost missed what Pansy had said. Almost. "The Bones come from a well respected wizarding family and were probably taught basic human manners." Her tone cutting, implying Hannah had none of the mentioned manners at all. She then turned to Susan with a much nicer smile and said, "I'm doing fine by the way, Susan. Thanks for asking." And without another word, the dark haired witch turned, grabbed her clutch purse, and readied herself to leave. Just when door to the shop opened. But it was with horror that Susan watched Hannah whip her wand out so quickly and cast a tripping jinx on the poor girl. "Hannah what are you doing?!" she couldn't help but shriek, standing from her chair and walking over to help Pansy up. But someone, a man, had beaten her to it. "Put your damn wand away, Hannah. What are you thinking using your wand on her in front of me? She's wandless, too." Neville Longbottom had entered the shop and had his hands on Pansy, lifting her up as if she weighed nothing. Hannah's face went from mean to meaner, if that was even possible. "Don't you dare boss me around Neville! I'm your wife and you have no right-" Wife? Susan's eyes flashed to Hannah's left hand, seeing no ring there. But Neville was clearly not paying any attention to Hannah, or anyone else. And Susan thought no one else noticed how when Neville's hands had gripped Pansy's shoulders, flecks of magic had sparkled off them in pretty blues and purples. Pansy pushed her fallen bangs out of her eyes and looked up to thank her rescuer, except… she recognized exactly who had done the rescuing. "Longbottom…" she sneered. And this is why Susan hated going out. Especially in Diagon Alley… everyone recognized each other and people from her year at Hogwart's had a lot of hostility… hostility and drama... "Ahh, Parkinson…" Neville sneered back in the same tone. See? Drama. There was a long moment of silence as the two just stood looking at each other before Neville turned to Hannah. "Hannah, what the fuck did you think you were doing?" Hannah huffed, hands going to her hips in a defiant way. "Not that it's any of your business, but I thought a little jinx would put her snotty ass where it belongs, on the ground!" Susan wanted no part of this, Hannah being nothing how she remembered from school. So she edged her way to the door, trying not to draw attention to herself. She reached the door and gently pried it open as the two continued to yell at each other, and when she heard someone yelling about being on a date that was now ruined she made a final break for it. Drama! Her classmates from her year were beyond dramatic and this