Author's Note : Written for The Hunger Games Exchange Spring Fling. Thank you to Streetlightlove for this wonderful prompt! Parts of this story are unabashedly inspired by episodes of Gilmore Girls and How I Met Your Mother . Oh, and Queen, not Justin Beiber... Found Katniss checked her watch for what must have been the dozenth time that night. She didn't want to add to the tally, the number of times she had also taken her cellphone out of her purse and registered a pause as the screen lit up, as if she would suddenly discover that her watch had the wrong time. Earlier in the night, she even sought out an airport clock to make sure she wasn't running on a different schedule altogether. No matter which timepiece she consulted, however, one thing was for certain: Peeta Mellark was late. Very late. She compulsively glanced at her phone every so often, anticipating a missed call or text from Peeta, though she never felt her phone vibrate. She idly wondered if she was inside some strange reception vortex that prevented her phone from working properly, despite the fact that all five signal bars were lit up. She looked at the flight board to double check if his flight had arrived, which it did. She checked her email and text messages from Peeta to see if she had the correct flight number, which she did. So where was he? Katniss had been counting down to this day since Peeta's departure six months ago. Actually, she had been looking forward to this day when they found out he was being deployed, as part of the brigade combat team, medical company. Though she was immensely proud of Peeta for serving in the armed forces, she could not help but feel a little selfish. They kept in touch, of course, and as often as they could. But infrequent FaceTime, text messages, and emails were poor substitutes for the real Peeta. She missed the simple pleasures of idle conversations and mundane routines with him. She missed the way his laughter bubbled from deep inside his chest, the way his scent always reminds her of an oddly comforting combination of dill and cinnamon, and the way she'd wake up to the weight of his arm draped over her waist as if it were molded to fit her side. She measured the time of his return in months, weeks, days, until finally, she was able to count the number of hours she would be able to see him again. But last night proved to be a difficult one. Lying on her side of the bed, Katniss's mind raced in a constant state of disquiet, in mixed proportions of anticipation, worry, and delight. It was fairly close to three-thirty, when she finally felt herself count the last sheep and drift into a restless sleep. She woke especially early in the morning, dark under-eye circles and all, which had the adverse effect of making the day seem longer. At work, the anticipation she felt was reminiscent of her younger days at school, eyeing the clock wearily as if a summer vacation loomed just beyond the ring of a bell. Throughout the day, Katniss was irritable––wearing more than her usual scowl––and embarrassingly unfocused. The only thing she couldn't stop thinking about was how achingly slow time crawled. Finally, she completed enough of her work to sufficiently call it a day. She went home to the apartment she shared with Peeta to freshen up quickly, and made the drive to the airport. Although she factored in rush hour traffic into her commute, she made the turn for the freeway exit for airport arrivals an hour earlier than Peeta's own arrival. She didn't even have to break very many speed limits to get there. When she reached the terminal's interior, a small crowd was already gathered in front of the long walkway that funneled newly-arrived travelers into the main depot. Katniss was at once relieved and pleased that she wasn't the only one eager to welcome somebody home. There were seats in a separate waiting area, but they remained largely unoccupied. Instead, Katniss chose to stand with the crowd that waited underneath the large flight board, all lit up with pixelated text, signaling the statuses of various international flights. She was able to distract herself by marveling at the number of languages her ear could pick. Though she could not recognize most of the tongues being spoken around her, her heart lighted at the thought that they all shared the same eagerness of being reunited with a loved one. Despite how tired she was, this renewed Katniss's excitement, as the hour of Peeta's arrival drew nearer. When the status denoted that Peeta's plane had finally landed, Katniss took out her phone from her purse, anticipating the text Peeta had promised a few nights ago. Her phone vibrated expectedly several minutes later, but instead of Peeta's name flashing on the screen, it was a message from Prim, "Say hi to Peeta for me," followed by a semi-colon and a closed parenthesis. Katniss was momentarily bewildered as to why her sister would send her a virtual wink. She didn't have time to dwell on it, however, because suddenly, she was standing on tiptoes as a trickle of newly arrived travelers made their way through the walkway. It did not take long for the few to turn into a sea of faces and luggage. For almost an hour, she looked for but failed to find Peeta's face among the hundreds of unfamiliar ones that emerged from the arrival tunnel. She watched and listened all around her, as families and loved ones were reunited in a swirl of embraces and cries of joy. She especially felt a twinge of envy when she witnessed couples' reunions. She turned her head to avoid seeing one partner twirl the other in their arms as they kissed. She figured averting her gaze was better than looking dour when she was surrounded by happy faces, and the camaraderie she felt with them earlier was quickly forgotten. Katniss continued to wait, though her resolve was beginning to dwindle, as did the crowd. She tried to squash a growing annoyance at the situation. Maybe Peeta had been bumped to a later flight. Maybe he was stranded at a different airport, but couldn't get in touch with her. She decided the best course of action was to wait out the night, in hopes that Peeta would eventually show up or call. Now, she found herself sitting alone on one of the metallic seats in the waiting area, facing the terminal's exit. The building was as good as empty, the last international flight landed and along with it, the sounds of joyful reunion fading to mere echoes. Katniss glumly looked past the sliding glass doors, into the darkness of night, and watched as a lone taxi traversed the airport road. She let out a long sigh, feeling rather perplexed and disappointed about how the night had transpired. Her cellphone remained silent through it all. Not a word from Peeta, nor from Prim or any of her friends, for that matter. She heard him before she saw him. Without warning, Katniss's ears perked up and she sat up straighter, with a hopeful ear tuned to the reverberations of approaching footsteps. Even from several yards away, though, she knew it wasn't Peeta. The gait was all wrong. She finally saw the footsteps belonged to a young man, about the same age as her sister. He chose a seat in the waiting area, not too far from her. She figured he was just a straggling traveler from one of the last flights, who, conversely, was waiting for his ride home. She turned to offer him a smile of sympathy for being left out here so late, but her smile wilted from her lips when she saw that he was looking––no, staring––quite intently at her. Her eyes darted to the hard-shelled case carried. The stranger broke eye contact long enough to lift the case on his lap, unhook its metal latches, and take out an object that Katniss least expected to see at a time like this. She stared back at the stranger's face, her eyebrows furrowed in a wordless question. What happened next made her suck in a sharp breath and left her mouth hanging open. With his duffle bag slung over his shoulder with a bent arm, Peeta rounded the corner of the hallway leading away from the baggage claim area into the main rotunda of the terminal. His free hand trailed to his hip, released the Velcro on his pant pocket, and felt around for his cellphone. When he found it, he pulled it out and depressed the button to turn it on. He weaved through the crowds of embracing, newly reunited parties, stealing quick glances at them. Peeta felt his heart beat a bit faster. His standard issue combat boots carried him with a lightness in his step, even though his legs were still wobbly from the atrophy of several hours' worth of flights. When his phone finally lit up and activated, he opened his contacts list, scrolled down to find a particular name, and dialed the number. It rang only once before the receiver picked up. "Hey." Peeta's voice was a little raspy from hours of disuse, and his mouth felt a dry. "I'm here." Peeta continued to make his way to the terminal's exit with the phone held against his ear. He caught the grateful and admiring smiles, salutes, and thumbs-ups from civilians who saw him in his uniform, and he acknowledged each of them with a nod. He also felt his face turn up into a smile, a combination of his pride of country and the joy of being back. "I can't wait to see you, either," he chuckled into the phone. "You're outside now? Okay, I'll see you in a bit." He ended the phone call, as he walked through the automatic sliding doors that opened for him. Peeta stepped into the afternoon sunlight, and breathed in the cool spring air and the enveloping, distinct scent of home. Katniss couldn't believe she let Johanna and the others drag her out to a karaoke bar. Granted, she was here mostly for Prim's sake. Prim, who was a few months shy of the legal drinking age, wanted to "go out and do something" with Jo and the girls, to see what a karaoke bar was like. And when they invited Katniss out tonight, they told her they were going to a dive bar. It also happened to be Karaoke Night. Delly, who has been working steadily on her second drink in order to give the empty glass in front of her some company, cheerfully gaged that they were all sufficiently drunk to finally get on stage and take the mic. "Who wants to go first?" "I think it should be Primrose." Johanna suggested. She added, "What better way to get over her second––no, third––breakup with Rory Hawthorne than a rendition of 'I Will Survive'?" She laughed at her own joke. Prim looked up from her Shirley Temple with wide eyes. Now that she was done grousing over her tumultuous relationship with her interim ex-boyfriend, Prim had been quiet for the past half hour as she wallowed over her drink. She clearly did not expect to express her melancholy through song that night. She looked pleadingly across the table at her sister for rescue. Katniss mentally cursed herself for being so protective of Prim, that she couldn't even suffer her sister's discomfort, even though it was Prim's decision to agree to come out with Johanna, of all people. "Fine," Katniss sighed. "I volunteer." "Age before beauty," Annie joined. Katniss shot her friend a deadly look. Annie merely shrugged her slender shoulders, indicating that she only meant to be encouraging, and blissfully took another sip of her martini. Katniss could have sworn, though, that she