This story will include the main female character losing her first husband in the September 11th Attacks. This story is not intended to hurt anyone. It is in memory of all the innocents who died on that tragic day. May they rest in peace! I am honored to dedicate this story to the families of the victims of 9/11 and 26/11. This story is also dedicated to the innocent victims of hate crimes that were the aftermath of 9/11. May they rest in peace! Prologue Evermay Estate Washington, D.C. December 24th, 1977 The Star Spangled Banner By Francis Scott Key Oh, say can you see by the dawn's early light What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming? Whose broad stripes and bright stars thru the perilous fight, O'er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming? And the rocket's red glare, the bombs bursting in air, Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there. Oh, say does that Star - Spangled Banner yet wave O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave? On the shore, dimly seen through the mists of the deep, Where the foe's haughty host in dread silence reposes, What is that which the breeze, o'er the towering steep, As it fitfully blows, half conceals, half discloses? Now it catches the gleam of the morning's first beam, In full glory reflected now shines in the stream: 'Tis the star-spangled banner! Oh long may it wave O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave! And where is that band who so vauntingly swore That the havoc of war and the battle's confusion, A home and a country should leave us no more! Their blood has washed out their foul footsteps' pollution. No refuge could save the hireling and slave From the terror of flight, or the gloom of the grave: And the Star - Spangled Banner in triumph doth wave O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave! Oh! thus be it ever, when freemen shall stand Between their loved home and the war's desolation! Blest with victory and peace, may the heav'n rescued land Praise the Power that hath made and preserved us a nation. Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just, And this be our motto: "In God is our trust." And the Star - Spangled Banner in triumph shall wave O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave! My name is Mohini Jessica Shah and on this day, I was born the eldest daughter of my parents Lucas Aditya Shah and his beloved wife Jocelyn Vanessa Shah. Even though I was the eldest daughter of my parents, I wasn't the eldest child because I had one older brother named Abhijit Luka Shah and one twin brother named Ajay Lucian Shah. Abhijit Luka Shah was five years old and Ajay Lucian Shah was five minutes younger than me. When I was five years old our mother gave birth to a second set of twins. They were named Vani Jane Shah and Arjun Liam Shah. In 1984, when the twins were two years old our family adopted two children from an orphanage near our estate. The two children that my parents adopted are named Celeste Jaya Shah and Derek Lalit Shah. Celeste and Derek were both six years old. In 1985, my parents had their last child which was a daughter who they named Alicia Nandini Shah. My father was an Indian American diplomat and my mother was a British American doctor. Since, my father was a diplomat we lived in Washington, D.C. Our family lived at the Evermay Estate, which was an historic landmark Washington, D.C. property for 216 years, host to American presidents, international diplomats, and world—renowned dignitaries. This historic home, just a year younger than the capital itself, is sited on approximately 3.5 park-like acres in the heart of Georgetown, with commanding views of Rock Creek Park and the Washington Monument. A grand two-and-one-half-story brick mansion, Evermay is renowned for the elegance and grace of its Federalist architecture, its spectacular open gardens and terraces, and its magnificent fountains. This prominent estate was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and is widely recognized as one of the "Great Homes" within the Georgetown Historic District, which includes the northern grounds of the White House, the Treasury Building, the Old Executive Office Building, and Lafayette Square: — all on lands that were part of the 150 acres Samuel Davidson once owned — part of the Port Royal land tract. Evermay was sited on the 13 acres that Davidson purchased through the Rock of Dumbarton Land Tract. The history of Evermay intertwines with the evolution of Washington, D.C. In 1792, George Washington commissioned French architect and engineer Pierre L'Enfant to design the new U.S. capital. A year later, businessman Samuel Davidson purchased prime acreage in what would become Georgetown, and selected an exceptional hillside setting for the site of his home. Both L'Enfant and Davidson turned to architect Nicholas King to execute their visions for the city of Washington and Evermay. Begun in 1792, the main residence at Evermay reflects the shift from the Georgian tradition to the Adamesque Federal architecture style that would prevail as the new Republic evolved. Originally constructed as a two-and-one-half-story formal brick manor with an attached kitchen wing, the estate has undergone several meticulous restorations. Diplomat F. Lammot Belin, the fifth owner of Evermay, proved to be its greatest steward. He purchased the property in 1923 and began a painstaking renovation to reinstate the original integrity and charm of Evermay, including development of the unique terracing that overlooks the city, and the construction of glorious fountains. The estate, located at 1623 28th Street NW, remained in the Belin family for three generations until my parents bought it when my twin and I were born in 1977. Abhijit Luka Shah was born in India in 1972 and he went off to Rashtriya Indian Military College when he got the admission one year after I was born. Only Jaya, Ajay, and I went to the American School of Bombay in Washington, D.C. until we graduated and went off to college. Ajay and I both graduated in the year 1994, and Jaya graduated in 2000. After graduating, Ajay went to Yale and became a lawyer. After graduating, I went to the United States Military Academy at West Point and got a double degree in Pharmacy and Medicine. After that, I went to medical school in New York while working at the World Trade Towers. After graduating from medical school, I adopted six orphans and started working at Mount Sinai. After graduating, Jaya went to Harvard and majored in Psychology and Sociology. Lalit, Vani, Nandini and Arjun went to a private Catholic school named Blessed Sacrament School for pre-kindergarten to eighth grade but then Vani and Nandini went to Elizabeth Seton High School for ninth grade to twelfth grade. Lalit and Arjun later went to Gonzaga College High School for boys. Lalit graduated in 1997 from Gonzaga College High School and then went off to join the United States Marine Corps. At the American School of Bombay, I took the foreign languages Latin and Hindi. I was a part of Chorus since kindergarten to twelfth grade. My extracurricular activities were Indian classical dancing, horse riding, and Yoga. At the American School of Bombay, Jaya took the foreign languages Hindi and Spanish. Jaya was also a member of the Choir at the school from kindergarten to twelfth grade. Her extracurricular activities were Indian classical dancing, horse riding, and swimming. Ajay took the languages Hindi and Italian at the American School of Bombay. He was a part of the drama club and he also took horse riding and archery. Lalit was a member of the ROTC at his school and he took Arabic as his foreign language. Lalit loved to swim on his spare time. Vani was a member of the choir at both Blessed Sacrament and Elizabeth Seton. She was also a cheerleader. Arjun was a member of the football team at both Blessed Sacrament and Gonzaga. Arjun also was in the Drama Club and Band at both schools he went to. When this story started, both Arjun and Vani had finished their third year at Princeton University and were in their fourth year there. Also, Nandini was in her Junior year at Elizabeth Seton High School. My mothers' family had American, Irish American, British, and Native American ancestry. My mother's paternal grandmother was a child of a part Cherokee, part Caucasian, and part Cheyenne Indian mother and an American father. My mother's maternal grandmother was a child of Irish American and British ancestry. My mother's maternal grandmother was a cousin of the Kennedy's and Princess Diana. My mother's maternal ancestors were a part of the Kennedy part of the O'Brien clan whose motto was Lamh Laidir in Uachtar, which is Gaelic for The Strong hand uppermost and the chief of the clan is Phaedrig Lachlan O'Brien, The O'Brien, Prince of Thomond, the 17th Baron Inchiquin (Lord Inchiquin, 9th Baronet of Leamaneh. My mother's maternal grandmother was the daughter of the 6th Earl Spencer. From my mother's maternal grandmother I learned the etiquette of being a lady and the different Irish herbal medicines. From my mother's paternal grandmother I learned about different herbs and medicines that our Native American ancestors used in the past. My fathers' family had Indian ancestry, French ancestry, and Scottish ancestry. My father's father was from Gujarat, India and they were members of the Bhavnagar royal family. My father's maternal grandfather's family was from the Scottish clan Fraser of Lovat whose motto was JE SUIS PREST is French for I am ready, and the chief of the clan is Simon Fraser who is the 18th Lord Lovat. My father's maternal grandmother was French and she was the daughter of the Duc de Talleyrand. From my father's side of the family I learned about the Mahabharata, Ayurvedic herbal remedies, French, Scottish, Gaelic and herbal remedies from both France and Scotland. There was a questionable heritage of one of our ancestors who had pointed ears and no one in our family knew where she came from. She was the paternal grandmother of ours and we later found out that she was Valiedhiel the daughter of Gil-Gilad, the High King of the Elves and his beloved wife Caladwen. Valiedhiel was found in Scotland by Lord Lovat and he adopted her after realizing that she was an orphan. The Hamptons Southampton Town, New York January 23rd, 2001 I just turned 24 years old last month. I was sitting in my home office after I got home from a long day at Mount Sinai Hospital waiting to receive the invitations that I ordered for my aunt's surprise retirement party. I had just changed out of my work clothes and was took a two hour nap. After resting, I changed into my house clothes and decided to spend some quality time with the six kids that I had just adopted before Thanksgiving. I wore an aquamarine blouse and a pair of black slacks. My black hennaed hair was down, my aquamarine eyes passionate and gorgeous and I wore light, natural makeup, with a contrasting dark lipstick that was delicately painted onto my sultry lips. My Manola Blahnik shoes, which added an extra six and a half inches to my height, were black. One hour later, I received the completed invitations that I ordered for my aunt's surprise retirement party. After receiving them, I mailed them to all of the invited guests. After 40 years of service to the World Trade Center, Jade Mala Reddy nee Shah is celebrating her retirement. Please join us as we honor her with dining and dancing under the stars on Saturday June 2, 2001 7:00 in the evening until midnight. Rex Manor 11th Avenue & 60th