Blue Moon Prologue: When I said I wanted my life to be like a fairy tale, I did not envision it like this. They say be careful what you wish for but I clearly wasn't careful enough. Seventeen years alive and its all come down to this. Me and the big bad wolf. In the stories I've read, the heroines were cunning, clever, and quick on their feet. I was none of these things and I had but the deepest regret for not planning this out more thoroughly. Sitting in a pool of glass I looked at the creature stalking toward me. I have come face to face with death and like all those before me, I won't live to tell the tale. Chapter 1: The Move Rain poured down, splashing tumultuously across the windshield as we drove past Forks. This was a promising start. Not like anything bad ever happened late at night on a long road trip through a thunderstorm. The destination was La Push, a place I haven't seen in ten years let alone recognize. My mom stopped taking me to visit when I was seven, after her and my dad had a falling out. I gave up on asking because she was far too prideful to let her family know about her disposition. La Push was always a sore subject for her so imagine my surprise when she announced that our little family of two was packing up and moving there. Part of me suspected that she could no longer afford to pay the rent on our home anymore while the other half hoped that maybe after ten years she misses her brother and her family. I'm not even sure if I'll recognize Rachel, Rebecca, and Jake when and if I see them again. The past two days have been a cramped never ending car ride. The tension was high considering mom and I have been bickering non stop for the last couple hours. She was beyond tired from driving for hours on end yet refused to let me take over because I was "inexperienced" as she puts it. What was the point of even having my license then? "Suit yourself," I mumbled as she went off on another lecture on how the death toll for teenagers have reached an all time high thanks to reckless drivers on the road. There was no point in trying to argue with someone as stubborn as Emmie Black. PUlling my hood over my head, I tuned out the rest of the rant and reached for my book. To my dismay it was pitch dark out and the only source of light were the street lamps all the way back in Forks. The next best alternative was my phone light. "Stop! You'll ruin your eyes and the glare is distracting," A hand came down and clamped my phone shut. I glared daggers at the stern faced woman behind the wheel. The clock flashed 3:16 a.m. on the dashboard. I was exhausted, cramped, and irritable. "Theres nothing else to do!" I argued while I stuffed my phone back into the pocket of my hoodie, "And its too uncomfortable and stuffy to fall asleep." She said nothing and just pursed her lips instead. I guess she was choosing to ignore me which was better than engaging in another argument. With my hood pulled over my eyes, I tried for the umpteenth time to go to sleep. The heavy rain was actually soothing. It was preferable to the silence that had settled itself on the car once again. I stared out the window into the trees and nothingness from under my hood. Finally sleep overcame me. In about an hour I'll wake up to a new home and a new life on the reservation. I wonder if Jake will be happy to see me. He probably won't even recognize me since its been about a decade. From what I could remember, he was scrawny and gangly. Tall and awkward with hair even longer than mine pulled back into a ponytail. There was mixed feelings about this sudden move. To be uprooted from the only home you ever knew and set on a destination toward a place you don't even remember? No one can blame me for the sense of dread I now felt. I wouldn't be surprised if Uncle Billy and everyone else turned us away at the door. We haven't exactly been a warm welcoming family to each other. "Teddy" I groaned involuntarily and curled up tighter against the passenger door. "Pititchu," I could feel my mom slowing down. She pulled to a stop and gently pulled back my hood. "I'm tired. Do you mind driving the rest of the way?" She asked softly stroking my hair. My mom must have been really tired to finally cave in and let me drive. I got out and stretched before switching sides with her. My glasses were in the glove compartment. They were the first thing my mom handed to me before I started driving. The rain had died down but it was still drizzling outside. The clouds had dispersed letting the moonlight shine down illuminating the road. It was a full moon tonight. The werewolves must be out. Hah! if such a thing even existed. "AWHUUUUULLLLLL!" A howl rang out from far away in the woods as if to contradict my statement. I glanced over to see if the noise woke my mom up, but she was sound asleep. She looked so peaceful and at ease. She never had a quiet moment since dad walked out of our lives because she was always on her feet taking up two jobs and shifts to raise me, her pititchu. Pitituchu was the only word in our native language that I ever heard my mom use. She called me 'moon' because I was the light in her life and also I was born on the night of a full moon. It was a pet name that she hasn't called me since I was little. Lost in thought I didn't know how thick the fog came down until I could barely see three feet in front of the car. I cursed silently and turned on the high beam headlights. The rain had stopped and now I was driving through an endless cloud of fog. The trees were obscure, their branches were reaching out silhouetted against the condensation like bony skeletal fingers. It was too quiet now. The deafening silence felt eerie. I sighed and pressed down harder on the pedal. It might have not been the smartest idea but I wanted to get to our destination faster. I didn't want to be driving on an empty dark road anymore. There was a groan. I heard the noise again but it was deeper, more guttural this time. Then a pair of dark red eyes appeared and I saw the form of what looked like a large mutant black bear come out of the fog. The car was headed for this great giant beast. "MOM! MOM! PLEASE WAKE UP!" Did that voice belong to me? It sounded way too meek and shrill. My mom stirred and opened her eyes. In a panic I swerved the car to avoid the animal gripping the steering wheel so tight my knuckles turned white. I veered the car as far to the right as I could praying this wouldn't end badly. The car lurched and emitted a loud screech before going off the road and into a ditch. Smoke came out and the air bag deployed into our faces. We were both breathing hard. The only sound that could heard was us trying to catch our breath. No more howls. No more growls. I looked over toward my mom and instantly regretted it. She was furious very very furious. Her stare was so cold and harsh I could have froze to death. She was still breathing hard and tugging on the scarf around her neck. "WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?!" She wasn't too angry for words anymore. I got an earful. "I never should have trusted you to drive!" "There was a huge bear in the road! What did you expect me to do?!" "You are irresponsible and reckless! And letting you drive was a mistake." "Coming here was a mistake!" "Don't you take that tone with me. This was a big sacrifice on my par-" My mom was interrupted by someone opening the car door. "Is anyone hurt? What happened?" came a steep masculine voice. It was near my mom's side of the car. A boy with close cropped hair poked his head in to look at us. I couldn't see his whole body but from the looks of it, he seemed huge. Like outrageously steroid size huge. My glasses had fallen off and I was feeling around the car for them when someone thrusted the cracked tortoise shell frames into my hands. "Looking for these?" A broad young man perhaps in his early twenties was looking down at me. Behind him stood another boy, shorter but quite tall and muscular just the same. This one had his arms crossed. They were both half naked! Dressed in cut offs. The one addressing me wore flip flops while the shorter one wore sneakers. "Yes.. Thank you," I replied distractedly. I just crashed the car and now here are two half naked boys with god like muscles come to the rescue. I must have either hit my head hard or died and this is heaven. I cleared my throat and spoke again. "My mom and I were headed for La Push when a bear came out of nowhere on the road. I swerved to avoid it of course and we kinda ended up in this ditch. Our family lives here. Do you know Billy Bla-" "We just need the number of a mechanic and can you please direct us toward the La Push Inn? How far is it from here?" My mom interrupted giving me a look that meant shut your mouth. "This looks pretty serious please let us help. The nearest mechanic doesn't open until morning," the shorter boy spoke up as he stepped closer to the car. "Yeah, we'll can get a doctor if either or you are hurt," said the boy who handed me my glasses. "Wait! Did you say you knew Billy Black?" The boy standing by the passenger side interjected. "He's my father." "Jake?!" I climbed out of the car ignoring the outstretched hand trying to help me up. The boys all exchanged confused looks amongst one another. My mom climbed out of the car as well letting Jake -or who I assumed to be my cousin- help her out. "You don't look familiar..I don't recognize.." He trailed off. "Oh wait!" "Its Teddy." I replied flatly embarrassed that he didn't remember me. He probably didn't know that we were coming. "Teddy! Of course!" Jake pulled my mom and me over and embraced us in a tight bear hug. It must have been below 50 out but his body felt scorching hot. I could feel the heat permeating through my sweater and shirt and I'm sure my mom did too. The other boys stood off to the side awkwardly. Letting go Jake gestured toward the boys standing to the side. "I don't know if you remember them or if they remember you too well but thats Embry and Paul." He then directed his attention toward my mom, "Aunt Emmie I didn't know you and Teddy were coming. What a nice surprise. errrggh- he looked toward the mess- I'm sure dad will be glad to see you two. It's been years!" "No.. no its perfectly fine. We'll see your dad another day. Theres a room I already reserved at the La Push inn," My mom tried to ease out of the offer. She hadn't been very honest with me. I glared at her and offered no help out of this uncomfortable situation.