C.O. Potter I am writing this because I enjoyed reading H.J. Potter so much. This picks up several years after the ending of that story. It is the Christmas Holidays of the 3 rd year of the oldest Potter child. I own none of the rights to the characters created by JK Rowling, I am just grateful that she lets us play in her universe. "Cedric an Cici sitting in a tree, K.I.S.S.I.N.G…" "Shut up!" the dark haired third-year boy yelled at the first-year platinum blonde girl across from him, "Before I hex you into next week!" "Try it, and I'll stun you so hard mum won't be able to rennervate you." She replied deathly cold, the temperature in the train compartment started to drop suddenly. This was his first signal that he had made her mad. Well, this wasn't the first time that he had done that, she was his sister after all. He had done a good job of avoiding her for the first half of the school year, now here she was riding in his train compartment with what he hoped would be his girlfriend. The blue of her eyes had cleared to the point they were almost white. Then, as quickly as it had gotten serious, she asked," So, when are you going to tell mum and dad that you two have bonded?" in a light and childish manner. "What!" the older students almost yelled in unison. "We're not bonded! We only just shared a kiss! And we only did that because we thought you were a sleep!" her older brother continued. "Yep, well you two are bonded and married. Whole glowy light thing and all." She waved her hands about, like she was imitating the glowing light that settled over the young couple. "What's she talking about Cedric? What is this bonded stuff?" asked the black-haired witch with the American accent, concern growing in her voice. For the last little bit of the trip to Kings Cross Station Cedric tried to tell his new wife what little he knew of soul-bonded couples. He didn't think that those big beautiful eyes of hers could get any larger but they did, and they grew wet, as he told her what he knew. He was after all, raised by the most famous soul-bonded couple in all of Europe, not just Magical Britain. They could hardly go anywhere without people approaching them to shake their hands or thank them for this or that. The legends were almost as exaggerated as what really did happen. A simple trip to Diagon Ally could take half a day if his parents didn't move quick enough or use a glamour charm to change their appearance. For someone that hated being famous before, he could tell that it would get under his dad's skin if the fans of the "Boy-Who-Lived" got too pushy. As he went on and on with the tidbits of what he knew of soul-bonded couples he could see Cici's face falling and the tears clinging to the corners of her eyes. And then he heard it in his head, "Why me?" she cried in a tiny little voice. "All I wanted to do was to just kiss him." For two years, she had been noticing him. His dark hair that was always out of control. His incredible smile, the sound of his voice. Then when they both tried out for Quidditch, she thought that she was the luckiest girl in the world! But, what did his sister say? "Married? But how?" Pulling her into a gentle hug, he thought at her "It's part of being soul-bonded. My parents never told me that they could communicate this way. This explains so much of what they could do and know. Our desire to be together is only going to grow. That much I do know. Just in this little bit of time my desire to be close to you has grown too much to describe." She could feel the tenderness and earnestness in his "voice." She sat there, holding his hand with their fingers interlaced together, deep in thought, staring out the window of the train as they approached the train station. How was she going to tell her dad that his little girl is now married? "I'll figure something out." he thought at her, "The punishment for breaking up a soul-bonded couple is death. The wizarding world takes this serious. I'll, I'll, just talk to him." Standing on the platform, Harry and Hermione, watched as their eleven-year-old daughter ran across the platform with her trunk floating behind her. "Daddy! Mummy!" she yelled as she got closer. Harry dropped down on to one knee and waited to scoop her up into his arms. He swung her around and around to the joyful squeals of his beautiful daughter. A few moments later, his oldest son and an attractive young girl walked up to him carrying their school trunks. "How is it that your little sister can levitate her trunk, and we have to carry ours?" the dark skinned, black-haired witch thought to her new mate with jealousy tinging her thoughts. "Mum, dad, I would like you to meet Cecilia. She's …" Cedric started telling them with happiness overflowing in his voice. "His soul-mate," finished Daphne sounding like one of the professors at Hogwarts. "They kissed in front of me and there was the whole glowy light thing going on and …" "Can we tell our story please," asked Cici sounding pleasant but irritated. "It is our story, because it happened to us." That little blonde head snapped around and glared at her. Judging her, sizing up this new part of her family. A family that was in her opinion, three siblings to large already. "Yes," Hermione told her with concern in her voice, while looking around, trying to find out who was within earshot of what was just said. Thinking at Harry, "We need to find… " " Everyone." He finished thinking for her. "Can you call Remus and Amelia while I call Os and Hugues?" Saying out loud to Cecilia, "Please hold that thought." While holding is index finger up, "This is not the place for this conversation. Where are your parents? We're going to need them to hear everything also." Looking around Cici found her parents at the back of the platform next to the wall. Looking as if they wanted to just blend into the wall. "There they are, over there next to the wall!" she said as she pointed in the correct direction. As Harry followed her look, he could see a Muggle couple standing back by the wall looking very uncomfortable with all of the hustle and bustle that was the start of the Christmas holidays for platform 9 ¾. " Angel," Harry thought. " Yes" " Her parents are muggles." Harry thought with worry flowing through their telepathic link. " Well, so are mum and dad. And they didn't kill you!" She thought back sarcastically " You know, sarcasm as a form of humor is highly over rated." He replied sarcastically. As he looked at Hermione she had already started talking to someone on her watch. Harry looked at Cecilia and asked her very kindly if she would go and bring her parents over so they could meet them. As she left he contacted Os on his watch. "Os! Could you join us for dinner tonight please?" stressing the importance of joining them tonight with the tone of his voice. "Yes, bring Daphne and Astoria also please. This will concern them too." He responded with the urgency of the situation evident in his voice. Looking around he could see that the platform was starting to clear out quickly with everyone wanting to get home and get the holidays started. He looked up and saw that he had just a minute more before Cecilia and her parents arrived. Turning away he called Lord Hugues Delacour. "Hugues, how have you been? I was hoping that you could join us for dinner tonight. If not tonight then tomorrow afternoon at the latest." "Yes, please bring Apolline and tell Fleur and her sister. It will concern them too. Great, Thank you." Turning back just in time, Harry stuck his hand out to great Cecilia's father Raymundo. With a confused and sour look on his face Raymundo took Harry's hand. "Sir, this is my father Raymundo." Cecilia said trying to put her best foot forward. "Harry, please call me Harry." Harry responded with an award-winning smile, hoping to defuse a situation before it became to tense. "And this is my wife Hermione." Gesturing to the most beautiful woman in the whole world. Causing his wife to blush just ever so. "And this is my wife Angelica." Gesturing to the shorter dark haired woman next to him and Cecilia. "It is a pleasure to meet the both of you. Please join us for dinner tonight. I would like to learn more about Cecilia's parents. You both seem to be such wonderful people. I'm sure that there will be much for us to talk about." Harry said laying it on thick. The last thing that he wanted to do was to stun them and take them forcefully or to have such an important conversation in such a public place. " Harry," Hermione thought at him, "you're getting kind of intense. Let me handle this part. We need to invite Neville and Luna also. You deal with that and I'll handle Raymundo." "What my husband is saying is …" Hermione started "Mom, dad," Cecilia interrupted harshly, "Cedric and I have soul-bonded and you need to come with us so we can talk about this." Harry turned around to find her parents to in shock to argue at this point. Looking he could see Cedric's mouth hanging open and Hermione looking at her in awe. Walking out of the foyer Harry looked at Charles and told him to expect several guests and to start preparing for a small private wedding ceremony, tomorrow afternoon or evening, Sunday at the latest. "Yes, my Lord." Was all he responded. "Why don't you children go and take your trunks to your rooms. Cedric and Cecilia come back and join us in the study so we can talk more about the current situation." Harry encouraged the kids. "Raymundo, Angelica, please, let's go sit in the study where we will have more peace and quiet to talk about what has happened and what is happening to our children." He said gesturing in the direction of the study. As they walked across the entry room he could see Cecilia's parents trying to take in everything. The grandeur of it all was overwhelming them. As the Ramosess walked across the grand entryway their jaws just hung open. They were definitely in sensory overload. This was definitely making them much more pliable and Harry had not even started trying to get them drunk. "You can't do that!" came the thought in his head. Upon entering the study, they were met by Gareth who informed them that several owls had brought both letters and two packages for Master Cedric and Mistress Cecilia. "Thank you, Gareth. Cedric and Cecilia will be here momentarily." Hermione informed the second in command house elf. Looking towards the large table she could see where the house elf had placed the too familiar letters and packages. "Please, have a seat." Harry said inclining his head towards the large antique couch. While he himself sat down in an oversized armchair. As the girl's parents seated themselves, Hermione sat across Harry's lap wrapping her arms around his neck and giving him a short loving kiss. This act just help push the Ramosess closer to the edge of sensory overload. After asking the couple if they would like anything to drink while waiting for the kids, Harry called for Dobby and asked for two Butterbeers, one for himself and the other for the gorgeous woman