A/N: This is my FIRST EVER attempt at fanfiction! I would love comments and reviews, but please be gentle! I know it's long-ish, but thank you for taking the time to read and I hope you enjoy! There is not much Scorily yet, but I promise it's coming! XXXXX Scorpius Malfoy was miserable. It should have been one of the happiest days of the young wizard's life- his first trip to Hogwarts! Yet, he was struggling not to cry as he trudged across Platform 9 and 3/4. His pale gray eyes glimmered with tears and his mother slicked his ice blond hair back into place. He had so been looking forward to attending Hogwarts, that is, up until the conversation he'd had with his father the previous night. Excitement had been running high all week, the home a flurry of activity. His letter had just arrived 8 days previously, thought he knew it would come. Scorpius had shown magical ability from the astonishing age of two. As his mother told it, she'd been chasing him through the garden when he slipped on an errant piece of gravel and let out a terrible wail. She rushed to kiss his skinned knees and, to her surprise, the flesh began to heal over before her eyes. The surface abrasions knitted and faded, and baby Scorpius let out a tentative giggle, tears still wet on his cheeks. Therefore, it was no shock when his letter arrived, so soon before the new term, with the regular class and shopping lists, et al. Books were delivered, potions ingredients procured, and supplies gathered. His mother's expensive tailor came and fitted him with his own Hogwarts robes. When the wandmaker- one of the finest in the world, his mother said- finally arrived, he was vibrating with excitement. The wandmaker himself, small and ancient, was quite unremarkable. But he had with him a seemingly bottomless bag that delighted Scorpius. He had made numerous attempts to examine the artifact more closely, but the man had snapped the bag shut with a stern look at his young client. After a series of uncomfortable measurements, the man shouted, "Accio!" with surprising vigor, and a stream of wands flew upwards out of the bag and laid themselves, side by side, of the long dining room table, 30 shiny, ownerless wands in all. Much fun was had waving various wands about and causing all manners of chaos. Something happened when Scorpius reached the eighth wand from the end. Warmth spread from his fingertips to the tips of his toes, and he felt a keening in a place that he couldn't quite place, but he thought was quite near his heart. And although he might have imagined it, he thought the flowers on the mantle seemed a little fresher. Suddenly, a shower of silver and gold sparks erupted from the end, and the wandmaker smiled knowingly. "Magnolia, with a double core of Unicorn Hair. Eleven and three-quarter inches, and pliant," he explained thoughtfully, "Empathetic and loyal. It will serve you well. A fine wand Mr. Malfoy!" He declared. His mother beamed and his father nodded quietly from his seat by the hearth. The younger Malfoy remembered that moment of joy wistfully, for after the wandmaker had left and the excitement died down, his father asked him quietly if he might join him in his study for a chat- and what a chat it was. He sat quietly in the stiff, tall-backed chair by the fire, the tips of his toes barely skimming the elaborate oriental rug. He studied the flowering patterns while his father moved about the imposing mahogany desk where he did most of his business. He never liked this room, with all it's rigidness and grandeur. This was the only room in the mansion that was not under his mother's feminine influence, and much of the furniture had come from the old family estate, where his father had grown up and his grandmother still resided. That sprawling house, which smelled of despair and something bad, frightened Scorpius to no end. Sitting surrounded by artifacts of a bygone era, he had vivid flashbacks of sitting in his grandmother's stuffy parlour room, his mother trying and failing to make polite conversation, and his grandmother stared out the window, muttering to someone he could not see and looking frightened. She was harmless enough, however, and always procured sweets for him when she remembered he was there. He had not been there since he was nine, and he did not wish to go back. It was with a haunted look in his eyes that Draco Malfoy sat in the opposite, equally stiff chair, and gazed at his only son. They were much alike in appearance, pale and sleek; it was clear that Scorpius would be as handsome and elegant as his father, with time. Only, maybe not quite so gaunt or serious. There was a kind curve to his lips that could have only belonged to his mother, and often, a furrow in his brow that spoke of concern and contemplation. He furrowed his brow then, when he looked inquisitively at his father, waiting for him to speak. "You already know," Draco started slowly, "That before you were born, our family fought on the wrong side of a terrible war. It is why your grandfather took his own life, and your grandmother spends her days making apologies to the thing air, tortured that she is by the things she's witnessed, and the loss of my father." Scorpius stared blankly, already having known this. He didn't add out loud that he also knew this was why he sometimes woke with a start to the sound of his father's terrible screams in the middle of the night, when they echoed through cavernous, marble halls and lashed at his bedroom door. Furthermore, he knew this was why witches and wizards skirted them on their rare trips to Diagon Alley, shooting furtive glares their way. It was why the family arrived at their rare Quidditch match outings early, and left late. In the last decade and a half, the name of Malfoy had suffered a meteoric fall from popularity; the couple had decided, long ago, to raise their son in relative seclusion, rather than expose him to the judgement of strangers. "I have tried," Draco continued, "To protect you. I have done my best. I have surrounded you only with family and close friends. I have shielded you from the hate and venom that lies in wait for you, and now I fear I have done the wrong thing. "You are sensitive and unassuming, the exact opposite of me at your age," he gave a bitter laugh then, "But I fear now that I deprived you of the thick skin that you will need in the days to come." Scorpius did not know if he should feel insulted by his father's appraisal, but he wasn't one to ask. "People hate us," Draco said frankly, "Our noble name, once respected and feared, now conjures revulsion and vitriol. It is a penance that you, my son, are going to pay for the sins of your forefathers. Your life is going to be a constant battle against the prejudices people will have against you from the moment they know your name. You will be figuratively hung and tried for the crimes others have committed before a word ever leaves your lips." Scorpius stared fearfully at the flames in the belly of the fireplace, tears stinging his eyes. He felt the whole of his excitement crashing down, and the swell of his father's words taking it's place. He was not hardly eleven- had not even learned his first spell- and he carried the weight of the world on his shoulders. He knew his family was not well liked, but in a vague sort of way. He had only an inkling of the tragedy of the Second Wizarding War, only bits and pieces about a horrible man, whose name his father still could not say, and the unspeakable things his father was made to do. Now, it seemed, Scorpius would spend the rest of his life, and certainly his time at Hogwarts, atoning for things he knew not. He was utterly crushed. Draco looked at him sorrowfully, and moved forward then and chucked him under the chin, forcing him to meet his eyes. "Scorpius Hyperion, I can only offer you advice now. You will surely be in Slytherin; that is unavoidable- though I almost wish it was- and that will catch you no breaks. There will be those seek to corrupt you, whose parents speak lovingly of the old days, of torture and mayhem- those children are not your friends. They have been raised on superiority and prejudice, as I was. I have been down that path. It is a sorry one. " Keep to yourself, study hard. I can't promise you will ever gain acceptance, but you can at least gain respect, and maybe restore some of the honor of the ancient house of Malfoy." There were tears running down Scorpius's face. "Father!" He cried, "Will I not find a single friend?" He had waited for Hogwarts his whole life. While mother and father loved him, and Grandma and Grandpa Greengrass were positively doting, he had always longed for friends, other children who he could trade chocolate frog cards and race brooms with. His father was telling him her would not find a single one. Draco sighed gravely. "I cannot promise you that you will, no. Memories are long, and scars of war heal slowly." He turned away then, unable to face his desolate son. The steam of the engines hissed, and mothers fussed over their children, with promises of letters and assurances that forgotten books and favorite jumpers would be located, and sent along post haste. Astoria Malfoy leaned down and squeezed her only son tightly, and Scorpius saw his father give a nigh imperceptible nod to a man down the platform. He whipped his head around and saw none other than the famed Auror Potter, surrounded by a large group of redheads, and holding the hand of the smallest one. Everyone knew of him, of course! Other similar exchanges were happening up and down the platform, mothers whispering to fathers and children tugging on sleeves and pointing. "But father," Scorpius whispered fervently, "Is that the man from the paper, the one in my books, who-" "Yes," Draco clipped, "Remember what I said. Take care. Be good," and he nodded again, this time at Scorpius, "You should hurry. There won't be any compartments left." He handed him a decently hefty coinpurse. "For the trolley." Scorpius gulped down the last of his tears and moved forward, stepping onto the Scarlet car. He turned to wave a last time. A great whistle sounded and doors slammed shut on all sides, so he moved tentatively towards his future. The car lurched forward and he glanced his mother waving sadly from where he left her. They grew smaller and faded altogether as the engine picked up steam. The last figure he saw was the red-haired girl, the Auror's daughter, and she met his gaze, for an instant. Scorpius's eyes blurred, and he stared at her billowing red hair until they turned a bend and she disappeared from view. Wiping his eyes on his sleeve, he cautiously stepped into the train car proper, and entered the tide of chaos At first, nobody paid Scorpius much mind. He was just another tiny first year, winding his way nervously through the din. He was almost relieved; maybe his father's warning had been for naught. This little bubble of hope grew smaller with each slammed compartment door in his face, and was dispelled completely at the fifth full compartment he reached. He had been trying to sneak through in a rush of movement, thinking perhaps he could slip inside and they would simply not notice him. "OY! Who the hell are you