Harry Potter and the Memories of a Sociopath, Ch 1: Secrets "Wands or no wands, everything doesn't magically reset to the way it used to be just because the good guys win. That only happens in stories. In the real world, people experience traumas that may never fully heal and have to live with consequences." Harry James Potter-Evans-Verres is a genius and a wizard. His parents, James Potter and Lily Potter (formerly Evans), were killed by Wizard-Satan-Hitler, after which he was raised by his non-magical aunt, Petunia Evans-Verres, and her husband, Oxford Professor of Biochemistry Michael Verres-Evans. As you might expect, Harry had difficulties growing up in the muggle world, resulting in homeschooling and remaining largely isolated from others his age. This ended when he learned he was a wizard and went off to a magical school. Along the way, he met a witch named Hermione who is brilliant, has a near-perfect memory and enjoys reading as much as Harry, allowing her to keep up with him and stay interesting. He also met a professor who was the first person who understood him and who seemed sane, quickly becoming Harry's mentor. Unfortunately, this professor turned out to be possessed by Voldemort, the aforementioned omnicidal maniac. Voldemort had Hermione killed but instantly regretted it due to a prophecy that implied, as a result of that action, Harry had grown into someone who would end the world. So Voldemort obtained a powerful magical artifact and used it to revive Hermione (now with extra super-powers), but also locked Dumbledore in a magic mirror and recalled his minions, threatening Britain with an unprecedented reign of terror unless Harry submitted to an unbreakable vow to protect the world and surrendered all of his secrets. So Harry had to kill them all, except for Voldemort, who was obliviated and transfigured into a gem on a ring. But Harry couldn't avoid the vow. "You will swear, Harry Potter, not to destroy the world, to take no risks when it comes to not destroying the world. This Vow may not force you into any positive action, on account of that, this Vow does not force your hand to any stupidity. "We are dealing with a prophecy of destruction. A prophecy! They can fulfill themselves in twisted ways. We must be cautious that this Vow itself does not bring that prophecy about. We dare not let this Vow force Harry Potter to stand idly after some disaster is already set in motion by his hand, because he must take some lesser risk if he tries to stop it. Nor must the Vow force him to choose a risk of truly vast destruction, over a certainty of lesser destruction. But all Harry Potter's foolishness ", Voldemort's voice climbed, "all his recklessness, all his grandiose schemes and good intentions- he shall not risk them leading to disaster! He shall not gamble with the Earth's fate! No researches that might lead to catastrophe! No unbinding of seals, no opening of gates!" Voldemort's voice lowered again. "Unless this very Vow itself is somehow leading into the destruction of the world, in which case, Harry Potter, you must ignore it in that particular regard. You will not trust yourself alone in making such a determination, you must confide honestly and fully in your trusted friend, and see if that one agrees. Such is this Vow's meaning and intent. "If you can think of any trick that I have missed in being sure that Harry Potter's threat is ended, speak now and I shall reward you handsomely... speak now, in Merlin's name!" There was stunned silence amid the cemetery; no one made to speak. "Useless, the lot of you." Harry awoke, sweating, shaking, and trying to fight off his sheets before fully regaining consciousness. It wasn't the threats of injury or death that brought the nightmares. It wasn't the threats against those he cared for or the knowledge that he'd had to kill human beings. It was Voldemort's request for ideas. It implied that Voldemort hadn't been absolutely, mathematically sure that he could save the world from Harry. That the vow may have loopholes through which Harry may end the world, or even be forced to end the world. Harry glanced at his watch, 5AM. He wouldn't be getting back to sleep tonight... this morning. No matter, he had enough things on his to-do list; having a few extra hours was always a good thing. Auror Alastor Moody, known to his friends and enemies as Mad-Eye, was in maximum stealth mode. Disillusioned and under an invisibility cloak, he continuously watched for anyone approaching. He had encountered a few individuals and each time wordlessly confunded them with a 15-minute command to stay well away from his destination. He was becoming concerned that some Hypothetical Dark Wizard Genius would deduce his location by watching the people moving away, or even from the general lack of people in his vicinity, when he finally reached the correct room. He scanned inside the room for traps, weapons, or any hidden magic. This took longer than normal due to the amount of magic in use in the room, which could have been used to mask something more sinister. Eventually satisfied, he slowly opened the door and entered. He closed the door and cast a locking charm on it, followed by a series of privacy charms on the room, and checks for polyjuice, metamorph magic, illusions, and muggle disguises on the occupant. That individual sat up from his hospital bed and looked around, "Who's there?" "Who I am is unimportant", Mad-Eye answered (using a voice-changing charm with a ventriloquism charm to sound like an old man, standing near the head of the bed), "What is more interesting is what I can offer you, doctor." "Well, you may have noticed that you have a somewhat captive audience. You may as well say whatever you've come to say." "My sources inform me that you were one of the preeminent magical healers in Britain. That you worked here at St. Mungo's for over a century and a half and are known for inventing several healing potions. Basically, you've devoted your life to helping the sick and injured, and I'm offering you a way to continue to do that." "Your information is correct, as far as it goes. You realize I'm dying? That's something that happens when one is nearly 200 years old. So I can only conclude that whatever you're offering is incredibly dark and dangerous." Moody chuckled quietly, "I've been assured that it's not at all dark, though I still have my suspicions. Although some things have to happen that probably should be considered dark: if you accept you'll be asked to take an unbreakable vow and probably sacrifice some magic binding vows for others, and if you decline I'll obliviate you." "If you're going to obliviate me anyway, why don't you at least give me some damn details? At least tell me who you're working for: Department of Mysteries? Some rising dark wizard?" "Someone may be listening, some people can beat obliviation, and that information is need-to-know. Constant vigilance!" "But you- Auror Moody?!" Moody cursed while pulling back the hood of the cloak. The retired doctor visibly relaxed. "From your reputation, you're the last person who would work for some evil bastard doing evil bastard stuff. You really believe I can help do something good with what's left of my life?" Moody nodded. "What do you want me to do?" Moody handed him a potion, "Drink this pepper-up and sign yourself out of this hospital then I'll apparate you to meet your new boss." Draco tripped as he accidentally discovered the third safe. To be fair, he hadn't really been paying attention to where he was walking; he'd been understandably preoccupied by worries about his future. Of course he was glad to have his mother back, but only a Gryffindor like McGonagall would think being reunited with a woman he could barely remember (and who couldn't completely hide her bitterness about a decade having been stolen from her) would be a storybook happy ending. She had no idea how to run a noble house or how to be a parent, not like his father did, and it showed. Aurors had raided Malfoy Manor after that night, allegedly to investigate the new evidence that Lucius was a death eater, but really to confiscate money for the Victims of Voldemort Compensation Fund. And to search for illegal items to justify further searching and confiscation. They had located and opened the first safe, in the Manor's office, within moments after arriving. It had contained a few family heirlooms and several financial documents, mostly Gringotts transaction records and statements about his part-ownership in companies such as The Daily Prophet, Madame Malkin's Robes for All Occasions, Nimbus Sporting Brooms, and several muggle companies (evidently he had diversified quickly after learning about the muggle economy from Harry). The aurors, clearly disappointed, continued tearing apart the manor until eventually finding the second safe, hidden in the fireplace where it would be masked by the floo charms. The second safe had contained information about individuals who owed Lucius money, accounts kept outside of magical Britain and, strangely enough, a rolled up flying carpet. Draco had been confused at the time, but now realized that this was intended to satisfy any investigating aurors, without seriously inconveniencing Lucius. The aurors had to work to find it, found information that was secret, but that they couldn't exploit, and an illegal item that was ultimately of no consequence. And this plan had worked flawlessly. But despite everything, Draco had mostly been distracted thinking about Harry Potter. His thoughts kept returning to Harry, for no reason he could fathom. He was becoming convinced that Harry would renege on his promises regarding Draco's political future now that his father was dead, much of the Malfoy fortune was gone, and Harry's best friend became a worldwide celebrity-hero who clearly had new abilities she was trying to keep hidden. Instead of leading magical Britain, now Draco would be lucky to form an alliance with Longbottom to tie for the third slot in the inevitable Potter government. Harry and Hermione were apparently even getting private tutoring from Hogwarts professors over the summer so they could take their OWLs early and claim their Wizengamot seats. They hadn't even asked Draco if he had been interested in working with them, despite Draco being similarly positioned to represent the House of Malfoy. Draco had to do something drastic to regain his importance quickly. And more importantly, Draco was sure Harry was somehow responsible for Hermione's resurrection, which would have been a happy event except for Harry's solemnly expressed regrets about Draco losing his father. The power to raise the dead so close by and a 'sorry about your dad'? From a Slytherin, it would have been a deliberate insult. But from Harry, one could never tell... So Draco was absent-mindedly playing with his father's cane and repeating this same circle of thoughts when the staircase he was descending slid open in a direction that made Draco's head hurt to think about and he barely stopped himself from taking a very inelegant tumble into the dimly lit basement. No, not a basement, more like a dungeon. There was a single hallway with doors lining both sides. The doors looked heavy, and each had a small, barred window. Like prison cells. Draco decided it would be best not to try to look into any of them at the moment. Anyway, the room at the end of the hallway looked far more interesting. Pushing the door open, Draco's jaw dropped. The spatially-folded room was full of ... everything. Some artifacts Draco recognized, like an invisibility cloak or Dragonhide armor, a large array of wands and spelled objects, large and small ward anchors, and what he was suspected were highly illegal ward-breaking tools. Some artifacts Draco couldn't begin to identify. Thinking about Harry once again, Draco's attention