Between the Beginning and the End By: Tadri33 Chapter One: The Afterlife Disclaimer: I don't own anything from LOTR. I just write because it makes me happy. Boromir shrank from his existence, the pain from his multiple arrow wounds diminishing as a great grey veil clouded his vision. Aragorn was clutching his hand, but the feeling grew faint as he let out his last breath. He was ready to slip into the great beyond, uncertain of what would be there. He hoped his kinsmen would forgive his unfavorable behavior towards Frodo, and that the darkness of his greed and the Ring had betrayed him. He thought of his mother being there to welcome him, the thought giving him some peace. His body felt at ease, as if he was lying upon something comfortable. How serene , he thought, to be unburdened and to be greeted with such comfort . He felt weightless, and he thought lovingly of his brother and father, hoping that Faramir would prove to serve Gondor well in the coming darkness. And, that his father would treat Faramir better now that he was his only living son and heir. Not that it would matter , he considered, for surly Aragorn would rise to his lineage. Nothing really concerns me , he thought after a short spell. He relished in the weariness that had left his body, and how he seemed to have taken hold of his true self. Since the moment he had entered Rivendell, and joined the Fellowship, he had been a man of focus and torment. He knew now that the Ring had latched on to him because he was weak, and his desire to protect Gondor was used against him by the Lord of Mordor to try and manipulate him. Guilt and remorse washed over him as Frodo came to his mind. How could he have been so blind to the pain that Frodo carries in his heart? The burden that he is weighted with is incredible, and Boromir felt ashamed for betraying his trust. He lay still for what felt like many hours, though he was unsure of how, or if, time passed in this new realm. Where was he? He had surely passed on. He closed his eyes and listened intently. There was a strange sound coming from nearby – a type of movement he was unfamiliar with. He focused on it, but found his mind still very much clouded. He could feel his limbs at last, and moved his large, calloused hands against whatever his body was resting upon. It was indeed soft, and quite comfortable, and ended abruptly at his side so that if he were to roll in that direction he would most certainly fall off. On his other side, however, he could feel pillows, both large and small. Considering how curious it all was, he couldn't do much else as the space that he occupied was pitch black. The noise continued, intermittently, the soft wooshing of something passing his location. There was another noise he heard – one that he recognized. Someone was snoring. "Hello?" he called out, uncertain if his voice would come to him. "Is someone there?" The snoring continued uninterrupted, and though he was concerned he felt sleep pulling him into its gentle embrace. He thought briefly about the last time he rested on anything this comfortable, and felt his body succumbing to it. How curious , he thought idly, to be tired after dying . He closed his heavy eyes and drifted to sleep. The pillow was vibrating. She blinked furiously, hand groping for her cell phone, finger pressing at the screen to make the vibrating stop. Six AM always came too soon for Bridget, and though she considered herself to be a person who liked being awake, generally, waking up at six in the morning was bound to make anyone thirst for sleep. She rolled over on to her back and stared at the ceiling for a few moments as she considered her day. As a young lawyer in Boston, there seemed to be endless ways for her to plan her day. Regardless of that plan, the days always found a way to go however they pleased, completely disregarding Bridget's plans or wishes to leave the office by six. Sighing softly, she sat up, and placed her phone on her nightstand. Taking a small case from the drawer, she reached into her mouth and pulled out her top and bottom retainers. She glanced at them briefly before popping them into the box and reminding herself to put them in Alka-Seltzer when she got home. Burying her fingers in her short hair, she began mindlessly scratching as she examined her bedroom. Slowly, she pulled her frame from the bed as she headed to her closet, where she pulled the towel she had used yesterday from its drying place, grabbed her phone and opened her door. Sunlight was pouring through her kitchen windows, and she mustered a small smile at the beauty. She loved sunshine, and loved when the day promised it. She headed up the hall to her bathroom, entering the passcode into her phone to select a song to start her shower with. Passing her living room and entering the bathroom, Bridget placed her phone down on the counter and flung her towel over the shower curtain rod as a song by The Script started filling the room. She turned on the sink faucet to brush her teeth when she furrowed her brow, and turned back into the hallway. She walked back a few steps, and looked into her living room. There, lying on her couch fast asleep, was a man. He was dressed in a strange outfit, with boots and metal studs on leather – he looked like something out of King Richard's Faire. And there, tied at his waist, was a sword. Bridget let out a scream. "What the hell are you doing in my house?!" she cried, running to the kitchen and grabbing the largest knife out of the set she kept on the counter. When she returned the man was upright and standing, his palms up in defense and complete shock. "My name is Boromir, son of Denethor, of Gondor," he said rapidly, his face white with terror. "I mean you no harm." "How did you get in here?!" Bridget demanded, eyes wide with fury. "I – I passed through the darkness, my lady. I have entered this realm from the mortal world," she stammered. "What the hell are you talking about?" she asked, still pointing the knife at him. "Please, my lady, I mean you no harm. I am just as surprised as you," he said. His grey eyes searched her face, and though fear raged through Bridget's stomach she felt disarmed by him for a moment. "Is this some kind of joke?" Bridget asked, the heat in her voice failing for a moment. "Did Mitch put you up to this? What are you wearing? Are you supposed to be an actor or something?" The questions raced through her mind. "I assure you," he said, not taking his eyes from her, "that I do not know what you are referring to." Suddenly, her front door, which she could see from where she stood, was flung open, keys jingling as they knocked against the door. "Bridget?! Where are you?" echoed a familiar voice. Bridget tensed some, rounding on the unsuspecting boy coming through the door. "Mitchell Hadley, you explain this to me immediately!" she cried. Mitch, a young man with dark black hair darted forward after he removed his keys and closed the door. She watched her nephew darted forward, a dark expression in his eyes. "I heard you scream from upstairs," he said, the sound of concern unmistakable in his voice. "What is going on? Why do you have that knife?" He looked into the living room to see the man who Bridget was protecting herself against, and was baffled. Mitch took in the man's appearance, confused by everything from his long hair, to the furs and leather and sword at his side. Bridget had turned back to the man as well, and the three stood in silence, sizing each other up. "Who is he?" Bridget asked. Mitch looked at her. "I don't know!" he said. "You think I arranged this?" Bridget looked at him, confused. "Didn't you?" she asked. He turned towards her, shaking his head. "Why would I?" In the moment that the two had given him, Boromir reached forward and snatched the knife from Bridget's hand. She looked back at him instantly, and Mitch lunged forward. Boromir held his hands up, slowly lowering the knife on to the small table that separated him and the others. "Now," Boromir began, stretching out his hand towards the man that had just arrived, "I am Boromir, son of Denethor. You are Mitchell Hadley?" "I'm not shaking hands with you! What are you doing here?" Mitch demanded, standing a little in front of Bridget. "I awoke here. I passed into the beyond and found myself here this morn when your lady screamed," Boromir explained, rising back to his full height. Bridget narrowed her eyes at him. "You just woke up here?" she asked, seething with anger. Boromir met her eyes, and she could see honesty in his expression. "Yes, Lady Bridget. What a peculiar name," he said as the syllables formed in his mouth. He watched as her expression darkened. "And what kind of name is Boromir?" she shot back, not taking to his words kindly. Mitch smirked. "Your parents a little obsessed with Lord of the Rings when they had you?" he asked, looking towards Bridget. She thought for a moment, and then realized why his name sounded familiar. "That's how I know that name," she said. "I do not understand, what is this 'Lord of the Rings'?" he asked. "You don't know what Lord of the Rings is, but you're named after one of the characters in the story?" Mitch asked, not bothering to hide his disbelief. "My Lord, I am named after no one, and especially not after any figures in a story. The son of the Steward of Gondor would never be named after anything so trivial," Boromir stated, clearly offended by the young man's assertion. Both Bridget and Mitch stared at him. "I'm going to call the cops," Bridget announced, turning. Boromir made some movement to follow her, but she shot back and pointed. He froze at the sight of her index finger and her quick reaction. "You sit, and stay right there." "What madness is this? Where am I?" Boromir demanded, anger flashing over his face. "I may be dead but no one speaks to me as if I am a dog!" "Dead?" Mitch asked him, astounded. Boromir looked him up and down. "I was killed in battle by Uruk, defending my friends in their quest to destroy the one Ring," said Boromir, as if it was common knowledge. "My flesh seems to be healed, but I took many an arrow through my chest. I died in the hills of Amon Hen." "Holy shit," Mitch said after a long silence fell between the three. "You think you're for real?" Boromir stared quizzically at him, not understanding his expression. "The two of you speak in the strangest of manners," he said, his hands going to his face. "You're dead?" Bridget asked, as the man collapsed back on to her couch. He met her eyes when he pulled away his hands, and nodded at her curtly. "This is the after world, is it not?" he asked. Bridget looked to Mitch, and he looked back at her. Suddenly, she was very afraid. A man was sitting in her house who thought he was a fictional character. A dead fictional character, at that. She swallowed hard, and gestured towards the kitchen with her eyes at Mitch. She had promised to take care of him, and he now