Disclaimer: I do not own the Lord of the Rings (and associated) book series, nor any of the characters from it. I do not make any money from the writing of this story. A/N: Here's a little something I discussed with a friend. It started out as a blank prompt and eventually became, well… This. Whatever this is. "And then, they started throwing their food. Their food, Glorfindel!" Erestor raged, gesturing wildly, "As though the lot of them were 5 year old elflings. I was under the impression that babes were not to be taken along with them on this fool's errand!" Glorfindel laughed out loud, holding his stomach. Though he sat in his chair, he doubled over all the same, then rolled back in his seat and his legs came off the ground, such was the strength of his laughter. "And then, as if that wasn't enough," Erestor took an angry gulp or three from his glass of wine, "As if that wasn't enough, once they were all done wasting our food – our hospitality – they decided to go for a swim. But of course, the river wasn't good enough for them! No! They went bathing in the lady Celebrían's fountain!" Glorfindel sobbed with laughter, dropping his empty glass of wine onto the table before him, lest he drop it on the floor. Tears welled in his eyes and his laughter escaped him beyond his control. "And on top of that ," Erestor stood now, drained the rest of his glass and placed it, empty, on the table next to his golden-haired lover's. " Then they went and broke the furniture! The early third age table we had brought in, courtesy of Círdan? Gone! The big one – well, the orange one – sat on it and broke it! The pieces were everywhere and I had to pick them up!" Glorfindel, no longer able to breathe properly, due to excess laughter, began to calm himself. He took deep stuttering breaths as he heaved and rocked in his seat. One hand clutched at his stomach and then other alternated between running through his own hair soothingly and grabbing at the armrest. Erestor slowly paused in the telling of his story. He came to stand very still a few strides from where Glorfindel sat. The raven glared daggers at the blond, his eyes narrowed as he watched the warrior attempt to collect himself. "Glorfindel?" Erestor asked ominously. The elf in question slowly froze. His eyes, previously closed tightly in a failed attempt to stop the tears from falling opened even slower. Glorfindel's gaze fearfully came up to meet Erestor's and with a meek voice, he called out, "Yes, my love?" Erestor simply stared ahead darkly, but Glorfindel could take none of it. He snorted only once, his composure so soon after such mirth could not last and Erestor snapped. "Up!" he barked, "In the bedroom. Now!" Glorfindel gasped and stood quickly, at full attention. His eyes were wide with shock; this was a side of his lover he'd seen only once in the past, though at the time Erestor's anger had not been directed at him. "A-aye," Glorfindel stuttered out and rapidly made his way to their shared quarters. "W-what – um…" "Keep your mouth shut," Erestor hissed at him. "You would dare to mock me? You won't be laughing when I'm done with you." "But what –" "Silence!" Erestor raised his voice. He came to stand chest to chest with Glorfindel, "Not another word. Is. That. Clear?" Glorfindel frantically nodded his head, wondering what it was his lover was planning. "Strip," Erestor instructed and the blond gasped. A slender eyebrow was raised, as though daring Glorfindel to speak once more but the other merely nodded. Large hands quickly went to the laces of his trousers, untying them and pushing them down powerful thighs. Meanwhile, Erestor circled around the warrior, pausing behind the blond as he bent over to remove his trousers. With an appreciative groan to himself and a nod, Erestor continued around. He came to stand before Glorfindel again just as the elder was pulling his tunic over his head. Erestor moaned low in his throat, "Aye, this'll do nicely." Glorfindel looked like he wanted to speak once more, but after a moment, thought better of it. He settled instead for looking at his lover imploringly. Erestor gave him a soft smile, seemingly noting the vulnerability in Glorfindel. With a nod Erestor told him to get on his hands and knees on the bed. Glorfindel's breath caught in his chest shortly but he complied. Erestor huffed a breath and removed his own tunic. He pulled his hair back behind his shoulders before kneeling beside Glorfindel. He reached over Glorfindel's shoulders and pulled his braid back. He'd taken to wearing it in a simple three-strand braid when they were alone. Erestor removed the hair tie, leaving the blond's hair to fall about his shoulders. "Such beautiful hair," Erestor mumbled and grabbed a fistful of it, pulling Glorfindel's head back, "I may need it to get a good grip on you later." Erestor smirked and used the hand in Glorfindel's hair to turn his face around. Once he'd made eye contact with the blond, taking in his flushed and panting form, Erestor leaned forward and engaged his mouth in a ferocious kiss. His tongue swiped his tongue over Glorfindel's lips, praying for entry and smiled into the kiss as its permission was granted. He pressed in closer, teeth clashing with teeth and biting and swelling lips. Finally, Erestor pulled back with a gasp, letting go of Glorfindel's hair and leaving him to return to his position on all fours. The raven-haired councillor stood and went around to the foot of the bed, crawling on once more. He smirked at Glorfindel's uncertain form before him, "You need not worry, my love," he said in a tone roughened with lust, "I'll take good care of you." The reassurance was reinforced with one hand snaking around Glorfindel's hips to tug at his cock. "Such a good boy," Erestor encouraged, "Silent and hard, just how I want you." Glorfindel gasped and thrust forward into Erestor's hand only to have it disappear. A broken whine fell from his lips and he craned his neck to look back at his lover. There was a look in Erestor's eyes he'd never seen before – a certain passion and willingness he'd never expected – and a need to take control. "Nuh-uh-uuh," Erestor sang, "You turn your pretty head right around. Don't make me pull out the blindfolds, my love." Glorfindel snapped his eyes shut and grunted, doing as instructed and turning back to let his head hang. He started as a cool hand slowly trailed up his thigh and over his buttocks. With a sigh, the blond spread his legs eagerly to make space for his lover. Erestor kneaded firmly at Glorfindel's behind, his other hand coming to treat the other cheek equally. With a short chuckle as his only hint, Erestor removed both hands before bring them down again rapidly with a loud slap . Glorfindel moaned and rocked with the blow, taking the sting but not the full impact. Words once again rose in his throat but he squashed them to a simple, breathy, " Ah! " "Hmm," Erestor paused, lost in thought for a moment. "Yes. I suppose I ought to let that pass. The sounds that come out of you always make me so hot anyway," he punctuated the sentiment with another blow and Glorfindel responded in kind. The blond warrior groaned deeply, his breath leaving him in harsh pants as though exhaling loudly would remove his need for words. He tried to think of a way to communicate his thoughts without words but could only whine in displeasure. "Is there something you wish to tell me, my love?" Erestor asked him, and Glorfindel frantically nodded his head. "Then you may speak, darling. What is it that you want?" "N- Ah," Glorfindel gasped in relief at the permission to speak. "Please," he whined, "Your mouth. I want your mouth." "Very well," Erestor smirked. "Then I shall give it to you." Glorfindel hummed, a small smile on his lips, though it left him with another gasp as he felt wet muscle and moist breath fanning over his entrance. Words were lost to him now; he couldn't have used them if he wanted to. Erestor pressed closer and ran the flat of his tongue along Glorfindel's cleft. He stayed still as Glorfindel rocked away from the movement, waiting until he pressed back once more to press his tongue at his hole. Erestor brought his hands again to tanned cheeks and spread them, making Glorfindel's hole tighten in response. The blond grunted with the stretch, face flushing darkly at the lewd sounds coming from the other end of the bed. He rocked minutely with each thrust and lick of Erestor's tongue, and suddenly, it was gone. Erestor went to the vanity to retrieve a bottle of oil they both shared for their hair. "It would seem I need a hand, my love," Erestor drawled and held out his hand for the other to take. Glorfindel quickly fell to his elbows and thrust his right hand back for Erestor. "Lovely boy," Erestor murmured in praise and took the offered hand. He manoeuvred Glorfindel's hand so as to take the place of his own, holding his ass open for his gaze only. Glorfindel dropped his head to his forearm, gasping as he went. Erestor pulled the stopper from the bottle of oil and dipped his fingers inside, before recapping it. He returned his left hand to Glorfindel's buttocks, and pressed his mouth to his entrance. Glorfindel's groans renewed, Erestor trailed oiled fingers slowly over Glorfindel's perineum to his hole and inserted one into the welcoming heat. Glorfindel sighed softly at the intrusion, so long had it been since they'd taken on this reversal of roles. Erestor thrust in and out slowly with one finger, circling around it with his tongue, listening to Glorfindel's gasps and sighs. He hummed and quickly added a second finger, scissoring them as he went. The blond's hand tightened on his own behind, the other clutching at the sheets. "Will you take me, Glorfindel?" Erestor asked. He spread his fingers and slipped his tongue between them, "Will you take all of me?" " Yes! " Glorfindel responded without wasting a breath, "Yes, please. Erestor, my love. Please. Waste no more time." Erestor hummed with a smirk, " Good ." He pulled his hand from Glorfindel and wrapped it around himself, spreading what oil was left on his palm over his shaft. "Then let me make you scream ," Erestor entered his lover in one swift thrust, pushing himself in to the hilt. Glorfindel's breath was torn from him with a choked gasp as Erestor hit home. Glorfindel's moan fell to a whimper as Erestor stayed still within him. "Please," he begged, "Please move." "As you wish, my love," Erestor panted and pulled out to the tip before thrusting back in with the same force causing Glorfindel to grunt. "Ai, Glorfindel," Erestor whispered, "You feel so wonderful around me." The blond whimpered and bit his lip, rocking forward and back again, fucking himself onto Erestor. "Yo- Goo' 'n me," Glorfindel mumbled into the sheets, unsure and uncaring of whether Erestor heard him. "More." Erestor smirked and pulled out, beginning a slow but hard rhythm. His thrusts aimed for Glorfindel's prostate, but their strength just as effective as a hit. Glorfindel cried out and rocked with Erestor's movements, willing him to go faster. And then he did. Erestor pulled out and returned with increasing speed. Glorfindel's eyes widened and nearly rolled back in pleasure. Erestor leaned over his back and with one arm on the bed to support himself, the other hand came up to pull Glorfindel's head back. "Mm, I told you this would come in