A quick look at the highlights of years past with my Slytherin!Harry and friends: 1st year the stone was saved from Quirrell/Voldy; 2nd year diary was destroyed; 3rd year Peter Pettigrew was caught, Sirius Black was freed; and 4th year Fleur Delacour won the Triwizard Tournament. Much more than that happened over their first four years, such as Ron Weasley took credited for saving his sister 2nd year, Jason Vaisey died before 4th year and my daughter is still annoyed at me for that… Welcome to the start of their 5th year and the last installment of the SDDJ trilogy. They'll be heading back to Hogwarts soon which, of course, brings up questions like: Who is the new DADA Professor? Will Umbridge (a.k.a. Umbitch) make an appearance? Then there are other questions such as: How does Old Voldy get his body back? What about the prophecy and the Battle of the Department of Mysteries? Forget about prophecies, where is Rita Skeeter? Inquiring minds want to know. Heck I want to know! Time to continue their journey… I hope you enjoy, Ajellah Just a reminder/warning: Mrs. Zabini was given the first name of Maddalena back in 2nd year. I'm tired of writing Mrs. Zabini every time so I'm using the name I gave her. That also applies to the Vaisey parents: Gino and Lena; Granger parents: Emerson and Danielle; and Patil parents: Ananth and Sita Inbreeding Can Do That to a Person Two wizards strolled down the sidewalk of a London suburb in a companionable silence. The older of the two males was nearing his forties, and had age lines around his eyes that crinkled when he smiled. They were both brunette with wavy short hair, but the similarities ended there. The teen, Harry Potter, had emerald green eyes that held wisdom beyond his fourteen years, while the man, Sirius Black, had gray that couldn't hide his usual state of mischief. Their pace wasn't hurried; there were no more agendas or appointments to be kept. The warm June day was offset by the many trees that lined both sides of the street which kept the duo partial shaded as they ambled towards their destination. Sirius had a distracted look on his face or it was determined - Harry wasn't sure which - but the man was deep within his own thoughts and the silence that developed between the two suited the younger wizard just fine. The older brunette had a habit of talking non-stop over the most inane and nonsensical subjects; leaving the teen to wonder if it was a nervous habit or the man truly enjoyed the sound of his own voice. At one point during their walk, Harry had glanced at Sirius and noted the furrowed eyebrows. The teen had momentary thought to ask what was troubling the animagus, but their… relationship - for lack of a better word - was still in its infancy stage and, as such, Harry was still unsure of how to interact with his godfather without causing the old Gryffindor to fall into his usual coping mechanism - humor. Their awkward conversations via the two way mirrors were usually rescued due to the efforts of Remus. So far they've sporadically corresponded, spoke occasionally through the two-way mirrors and spent a day or two together during holidays. That summer would be the first time that Harry was to stay with his godfather for longer than eight hours. The Slytherin would be staying with the Gryffindor for a month… four weeks… twenty eight days… six hundred seventy-two hours. Not that the boy was counting down the time he had to endure the man. No, Harry wasn't overly anxious to gain his freedom from all things red and gold. He just enjoyed other color schemes along with peace and quiet. Remus had mentioned the Black library, so if the animagus became too Gryffindor for Harry, the teen knew where to hide. He could endure the test to his patience. He was a Slytherin after all. Sirius and Harry had little in common. Their personalities were quite different. Sirius was ostentatious. Harry was conservative. Sirius was loud. Harry was reserved. Sirius tended to be flippant while Harry was contemplative. Sirius was brash and Harry strove to be sensible. Harry amused himself with sightseeing since he had never been in that part of London before. Granted they were walking through a purely residential area with a rather large gated park across the street, but each of the tall narrow townhomes on his right had character. That fact alone made the neighborhood more appealing than the sterile identical cookie cutter houses in Little Whinging. The individuality of the townhomes kept the young man fascinated and distracted from the older man's internal musings. "We're here." The words grabbed Harry's attention. Sirius kept moving through a short gate towards one of the townhomes, but Harry frowned. Something was… tugging at him. Something was… off. The house numbers went from eleven to thirteen, but that wasn't the only thing that caused an itch at the back of his brain. "I don't… it's just…" Harry shook his head as he struggled to form a coherent thought that wasn't ending with him running away like a frightened child. The urge was difficult to fight and in the end, Harry lost the mental battle, "I've got to run. I'm supposed to…" His words tapered off again and Harry turned on his heel to go do… whatever it was he was supposed to do. What was so urgent, Harry couldn't possibly say because it would take precious time to do so and he really needed to go. Now. "Harry," Sirius grabbed the teen's arm and Harry frowned at his godfather biting back a growl of impatience. "It's the wards. Come on then." He wasn't sure if he believed him. No, Harry knew he didn't believe him. Sirius was keeping him from getting on with his business and wrenched his arm in an attempt to get free. He had to go do… something and Sirius refused to let him go regardless of how much Harry pleaded to be released. The young man scrubbed at his forehead trying to clear his thought and panicked when he was forced to take a step forward through the gate. "I have to go, Sirius. You don't understand! I can't… I just-" Harry bit back a whimper. His stomach lurched and his skin crawled as if he were covered in insects. Harry lost another battle of the wills with Sirius and groaned in discomfort. The older wizard held a slip of parchment before the younger man. Harry finally read the bit of paper at Sirius' urging, 'Twelve Grimmauld Place'. There was an odd sound of squelching and stretching, groaning and scraping the moment the address was comprehended. Before Harry's eyes, the two townhouses of numbers eleven and thirteen were forced apart allowing a new structure to appear. The wizards stood before a building that Harry hadn't noticed before and the urge to leave… left. Unlike the other townhouses, this one was wider and ominous with its gloomy coloring and darkened windows. Standing in its long shadow, the building loomed over the two wizards as if it was staring back judging them. Harry shuddered, "Interesting wards." "There are many old wards on this house; they've been on the property for many generations." Sirius released Harry's arm and grinned at the young man. "Muggle and intruder repelling, Compulsion charms, Protego Maxima, Fianto Duri, Cave Inimicum, Muffliato and others that I'm not even sure what they're called and knowing my family they're probably pretty dark." Sirius gave a single shoulder shrug. "The last ward - and the reason for the paper - is the Fidelius Charm." Harry turned around and stepped closer to the gate they had just passed through and murmured, "Fascinating." Standing there at the edge of the wards, he raised a hand as if he could touch the protective bubble that wrapped around the building. "I can feel the magic. There's old warmth to it and it tingles as if it were alive." "Really?" Sirius stepped closer to Harry and reached his own hand out, but let it drop to his side a moment later. The taller wizard canted his head, "Not many can feel wards. If this house wasn't attuned to me, I wouldn't feel a thing. Have you ever thought of going into Curse Breaking?" Harry moved his hand across the wards as if petting it and gave his godfather a shrug, "Not really. I haven't give my future that much thought." "Curse breaking can be dangerous work, but I've heard it's also rather rewarding. One of the Weasley clan is a curse breaker. The oldest son, Bill, works for Gringotts. On the other hand, breaking wards can be quite helpful if you choose to become an Auror." They approached the front door as Sirius continued the conversation. "Maybe you'd be interested in becoming an Auror like James." "My father was an Auror?" Sirius paused with his hand on the doorknob, "We both were. We joined shortly after graduation. That was a lifetime ago." He opened the door and prompted Harry to enter the building first, "Welcome to Grimmauld Place, my own personal hell." "Erm… thanks?" Harry stepped across the threshold and into the dimly lit entry. He looked up at the large chandelier that grew brighter as Sirius closed the front door. It was as if the light fixture recognized that people were standing within the room and required the ability to see their surroundings. It gave a surprisingly warm feeling of welcome in an otherwise drab foyer. The dark wood paneled walls seemingly stretched throughout the length of the house, broken only be a staircase to the right and four doors. Behind Harry was the front door that was book ended by two long slender curtained windows. The only furniture within the foyer was a credenza, umbrella stand and a mirror to his left, the large chandelier overhead and decorated with bits of art along with portraits. "It's not much, but it's home… or was… and is again…" Sirius frowned at his own words before admitting, "That sounded much more complicated than it needed to be." Harry chuckled softly, "Perhaps, but it made a certain kind of sense considering your past." "Be cautious of the umbrella stand." The quirky piece of furniture in question was an odd sight. Harry raised an eyebrow at the stump of a partially-hollowed out leg, "What is that?" "A troll foot… or more accurately, it's a part of a troll's leg from the knee down along with the foot." Sirius snorted at Harry's reaction, "It's been in the family for years. Not sure if there is a story behind it, but it's such an oddity and it's cursed." "Cursed?" Harry immediately stepped away from the umbrella stand. "If you get too close to it, you stumble. There's a tripping jinx on the foot." Sirius chuckled to himself with a pleased look on his face, "I learned to be a prankster at a young age." "I see…" Harry gave his godfather a wry grin. He could see the potential for such a silly prank. "The jinx hasn't worn off? How could you possibly make something like that permanent?" "Interested in pranking are you?" Harry resisted rolling his eyes at the man's hopeful look, "While I can appreciate a well-executed prank as much as the next bloke. I'm more interested in the magic and its applications. The Weasley twins are brilliant with their products and I'm invested in their upcoming store. If I can assist with their success with advice on such things, the better it is for the future of their company. They make money, I make money. It is a matter of personal interest." "That's rather Slytherin of you." "Thank you." Harry laughed at Sirius' pout. "I'll show you how I made the jinx stick later after dinner." Sirius led the way down the