A/N: Belongs to J.K Rowling. Plot bunnies attacked. Best excuse I could come up with about a story involving a de-aged, time travelling, powerful Hermione. WAIT! Before you hit the back button just read the first two chapters. Rage, rage against the dying of the light. Dylan Thomas He had often pondered how he would meet his end, life as a spy wasn't known for having a very long life expectancy. He would lay awake most nights after a dreadful day doing a job he absolutely abhorred and think of the many ways he would eventually meet his demise. He was nothing if not a realist. A curse being thrown to his back by a member of the Order had been one way he imagined his death. A potion accident by one of the many idiots he was forced to teach was another. For a while he really did think he would die that way, especially with Longbottom in his class. But the one he knew was more likely to happen was a lengthy torture session by the dark lord or one of his cronies before being Avadad. Severus Snape would have preferred that to what was currently happening. Back against a wall, his legs sprawled out, venom coursing through his veins and bleeding to death while two teenagers gawked at him, while the third spouted reassurances about how he was going to be okay while she searched for something in her bag. He had never felt more humiliated than at that moment. Managing to extract the memories Potter needed to defeat the Dark Lord, he completed his last orders from Dumbledore. Looking into those familiar pair of green eyes that had once belonged to his first true friend and the only person he had ever loved he thought he would have been okay with his fate. He waited for the peace to come that signalled his acceptance of his death but instead he felt rage. Even though those eyes belonged to the woman he had once loved, the face staring back at him belonged to the teenager that had tormented him his entire school life and taken what was most important to him. Pushing away the teen he tried to calm his mind trying not to waste his last moments thinking of James Potter. Coughing out blood, he could feel the effects of Naginis venom slowly destroying his body. "Hang on Professor, it's going to be okay. Harry, Ron go get Madame Pomfrey." Hermione frantically said not looking at the boys as her wand moved quickly over his wound. The bottle of dittany lying empty at her feet. She knew it was a lost cause but Hermione tried still hoping that she could stop the bleeding at least and hopefully Madame Pomfrey would know how to take care of the venom. But by the looks of the blood now covering Professor Snape's robes and her hands he would bleed to death before the venom killed him. Hearing the retreating footfalls of her friends she doubled her efforts in stopping the bleeding. Merlin how he wished she would just leave with her friends so he could die in peace, grabbing Miss Granger's arm to stop her incessant spell casting that was doing nothing but irritating him. Didn't she know that it was a cursed wound and wouldn't heal. "Please Professor let me help you," she said pleading for him to let her continue. Looking at her face etched in worry and compassion Severus couldn't help but smirk as an idea came to his mind. For the longest time after Lily's death he had spent countless hours pouring over tomes in an effort to find a way to go back and save her, of course he had never found a feasible way to accomplish it but he had come across a powerful form of magic called death magic in his family's grimoire. The spell couldn't be used on the caster himself who had to be at the point of death while casting the spell. So he couldn't save himself at the moment but he knew she could. From what he had read it was supposed to be extremely powerful magic, what did he have to lose? If it worked he might get a second chance if it didn't...well he was dying anyway. He knew he couldn't go back to save Lily or himself but Miss. Granger could. With her bleeding heart, penchant for taking up lost causes and rooting for the underdog he could send her back to save himself and Lily and if he knew Miss. Granger also stop the Dark Lord. "Save me," he stated firmly and locked eyes with her he begun to chant, holding on tightly to her arms to keep her from pulling away he chanted faster. Hermione heard his plea for her to save him and she quickly agreed knowing she would do anything in her power to help him. Hoping that the boys were on their way back with help she tried extracting her arm from his tight grip wanting to try a few more spells to stop the bleeding. Watching his mouth move silently Hermione leaned in hoping to hear what he was trying to say, not being able to make out the foreign phrases she felt his grip on her arm tightening as his chanting became louder. Feeling the magic surrounding them Hermione begun to panic, her own magic was crackling around her. The fine hairs on her body were standing on ends, her heart was hammering in her chest and she felt like she was suffocating from the amount of magic that was surrounding them. A brilliant white light surrounded them before Hermione Granger vanished from the shrieking shack leaving behind the dead body of Severus Snape. 9 January 1960 Eileen Snape (née Prince) huffed out a breath attempting to get the long stray dark hair that was annoyingly stuck to her sweaty face to move. She could have easily used her hands to swipe the irritating lock behind her ear but her hands were occupied tightly clutching the sheets underneath her as another contraction took hold. How she wished she could have gone to St Mungo's when her waters broke but she knew Tobias would never have agreed to it and here she was now surrounded by muggles and their backwards medicine trying to give birth. Clenching her jaws tightly she grunted as she bore down trying to push her baby out. Tears streaked down her cheek as she wished her husband was here beside her to offer some comfort, support or at least try and explain what the midwife was talking about. Pushing away the gas and air, not understanding what possible good it could do for her she let out a scream at the burning sensation emanating from her vagina. Following the instructions of the midwife she breathed in and out rapidly fighting the urge to bear down once again. Once she received the all clear to proceed she continued to push hoping and praying that it would end soon. Having been in labour for more than 16 hours she was exhausted and running on fumes. Feeling the sudden relief as her baby was finally delivered she flopped back on the bed trying to catch her breath. Hearing the cry from her child she excitedly looked at the midwife who was busy cleaning him or her off. She couldn't wait to see what she had been carrying for the last nine months. Holding out her arms expectantly for her child she felt another contraction hit her, she grunted at the sudden pain. When the midwife told her she was delivering another child she wept. She couldn't do it again, she had nothing left to go through another forty minutes of pushing. Following the midwife's instructions she bore down again. Fifteen minutes later another child's cry filled the room. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo As the winter sun rose casting a soft warm light on the recovery room of Eileen Snape and her new family the new mother placed a kiss atop the heads of her children and she couldn't help but marvel at how much she had come to love them in a just few short hours. Gazing lovingly at her sleeping husband who was slouched in an armchair at the foot of her hospital bed she couldn't help but feel giddy. For the first time in months he had seemed genuinely happy and had kissed her lovingly, praised her and thanked her for the gifts she had given him. Glancing down at the two children in her arms she couldn't help but think that maybe this was all their ailing relationship had needed to recover. Hopefully he would go back to the man she fell in love with. "I love you Severus Tobias Snape," she whispered as she nuzzled the sleeping baby. "and I love you Hermione Eileen Snape," she cooed at the girl cradled in her other arm looking lovingly into her brown orbs. As Hermione looked at the woman who was proclaiming her love to her and apparent brother who happened to share her potions professor's name she thought back to her last memory of being in the shack with Snape and one word came to mind, 'bollocks' before she began to cry, waking up her sleeping twin who followed her lead. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOOoOoOoOoOoOOoOo 20th March 1965 The sound of breaking plates could be heard before hastened footsteps accompanied the sound. Rushing up the stairs while grasping her brothers hand Hermione tripped hissing out in pain as her knee connected with the stairs. Not bothering to check the damage she continued on her hasty retreat to their shared bedroom. Hearing the raised voice of Tobias Snape as he berated his wife she quickly shut the door behind her trying to block out the sounds coming from downstairs. Turning to look at her brothers frightened face, Hermione's face softened as she gazed upon his tear streaked face. Stepping closer she wrapped her arms around him as her own tears made their way down her cheek. Whispering reassuring words to him, Hermione pulled back and led him to her bed. Sitting across from each other she tentatively touched his reddened cheek from where his father had struck him, noticing his split lip she reached into her bedside drawer retrieving a first aid kit. They sat in silence as she cleaned his lip with practised ease that came from having to tend to cuts and bruises often. Jumping at the sudden thud that came from downstairs the two sibling locked eyes knowing come morning their mother would be in bed covered in bruises and their father would be nowhere in sight. The last one was more of a welcomed relief to both of them, but they knew their mother would retreat into herself till their father returned. Hearing the muffled scream of their mother before the sound of the door being slammed shut, they both watched the door as they heard the cries of their mother. Knowing that she wouldn't come to check on them and instead crawl to her bed and lock herself in her bedroom Hermione cast a silencing spell at the door. "Hermione, you can't do that if dad found out," Severus said frightened by the thought of what their father would do if he found out magic was being done in the house. Looking at her brothers fearful face she patted his thigh reassuringly, "we both know he won't be back for a few days and the spell will wear off by morning. Now let me see your cheek, we can't go to school with that bruise on your face." Hermione said as she placed her hand on his bruised cheek. Feeling her magic dance across her open palm Hermione willed it out to heal her brother. Severus sat patiently as he felt the tingle of her magic move across his cheek before the painful throbbing and heat from