A new story!? Yeah, so this plot bunny wouldn't leave my head and I wrote it , this is an AU story of the Everlark pairing. From the beginning it'll seem like a High school fic but it's more complex than that. Oh and sometimes I'll put a song or poem at the beginning of the chapter if I want, I don't have one for this chapter however. Okay, here's the first chapter of the story. Everything you need to know will be in the AN at the bottom. Enjoy! It's over 6000 words in this chapter! ***This chapter is currently under revision it may be a bit different from the rest of the chapters*** You might be a big fish in a little pond Doesn't mean you've won 'Cause along may come a bigger one "Lost" by Coldplay Chapter 1: Disarray Katniss' POV I walk down the sidewalk on my way to school, kicking a stone with the toe of my boot. The sun is rising into the sky by the minute. I wear some old jeans that are faded and ripped at the knees paired with an old gray t-shirt; both are a little tight on me but they will do. I won't go get new clothes until I absolutely have to. I'm not completely broke, I just have to take care of myself with my job at Sae's, an old restaurant that somehow is still in business. I only work part time and truthfully I'd rather have food than nice clothes. Food is necessary for survival, in fashion clothes and apparel are certainly not. Besides, I'll be honest to myself right here right now, I know I don't eat enough, I know it's not healthy to have a few ribs jutting out and going to bed with a growling stomach, but it's enough because I survive. Sae says I have a backbone unlike the other girls in this town but I'm not sure if that's true. Yeah, I do what it takes to get by but wouldn't everyone else do the same if they were in my place? When I raise my head from the road I realize I still have another half a mile to walk before I arrive to school. Today's a Friday, the last day of the week, always it has been a school day, nothing different. But, a new day of school means a new day of the insults, rumors, and hurt. I don't really think home is any better though with my abusive mother. I have a brother, Marvel, but he moved out when I was thirteen and I haven't seen him since. Not that I expected him to stay or even visit, we weren't close, especially when he began high school, it was like the final wedge drove between us. My father passed away when I was eleven. Afterwards, my mother spent two years just sitting in her room blankly staring at the wall. She abandoned me. But then, when she did get up, it only became worse. That's when she began taking all her frustration out on me. That's when the hitting and screaming began, its when the bruises began to show and life went from miserable to unbearable. At least I could go home to get away from it all before, but that's not even possible now. Sometimes I find refuge in the woods beside the old falling apart convince store that Haymitch, an old drunk, owns. I try to stay out of the house as much as possible, and away from school too, anyone from there as well. I can't skip school but I don't have to stick around any longer than needed. Besides, I'd rather be alone than with anyone, well that is if I had any friends still. But every single one of them are gone, no one wants anything to do with me. I could not even blame them on that one. And really It's fine too, I don't need anyone. I can take care of myself, have been for the past three years, I won't start needing someone now. I'm just not sure what I'm living for, I believe it's some distant dream of being normal that's always somehow evaded my grasp. Its still not quite near but I can hear it loud and clear, like the morning before and the one before that, the smooth purr of an extremely expensive car. I don't even look, I can hear almost tortuously, as it approaches. It comes to a halt next to me and she rolls the window down, "hey girls look, it's a stray slut," she smirks and giggles erupt from the girls. The car rolls beside me testing my patience. Pointedly I speed up my pace, but she the car keeps up with ease. With my eyes downcast I pick the threadbare strap of my backpack, I'd rather just be spit on than get words hurled at me. "Why do you even bother with life? You're pathetic, you know it." As if she suddenly transformed into someone caring and concerned for my well-being, she murmurs: "if anything ever happened to you I'd come to your funeral." I don't raise my gaze but fix my features into a scowl awaiting the nasty remark that is inevitable. "To celebrate the fact that you'd be gone for good! "We'll throw a party just for you! Think about it. It'd be a good thing for everyone!" With a wave from her and the giggling girls in the car she drives off and I glare at the car until it's out of my sight. Of course those insults used to hurt a lot, we have quite a past. All my life she was just another classmate, that is until we reached high school. Then like a snake, she latched into my life, her words full of venom and her actions containing a painful bite. It's not her words that harm, but later, I'll be cornered and shoved around and I'm dreading it. This happens almost everyday; any day she is absent from school is a blessing. I made a promise to myself once things got worse. I shouldn't grieve my losses and troubles, I have to deal with it, life's like this, it's just the way it is. I haven't cried since I was eleven and I won't start now. Adapting is the way of survival in any case, I have done the same with this, these things cause sacrifices and a sudden change of life. You won't be the same, things may be harder, but at least you will be alright. Things may be bad right now but maybe not in years to come, that's what I hope for and cling to when things hurt the most. This is how I look at it, I know this isn't much of a life I'm living and many in my position would've committed suicide but I just can't give up. I can't do that. One day I will be free from it all, just not today. It will happen though, right? But forget the future I'm stuck in the now, and in this second I just want to cherish every moment before I step through the school doors. The bell's shrill ring is what pulls me out of my thoughts and automatically, like some kind of machine going through an old process I stand to leave the classroom. In front of me everyone crams together and rapidly squeezes out the door like the way water rushes out of a faucet, I stand waiting, watching ad they push each other aside and throw themselves out the door. "Katniss, please stick around for a moment," the teacher, Mr. Crane calls from his desk in the back of the room louder than the rest of the chatter. I sigh and drop back to the hard plastic seat behind my desk. My sudden excitement to leave for the library now turned to frustration because it will be delayed a little longer. When I look up, I see the last student leave, as soon as they leave I'm called to the back. Here we go. "Can you come back here for a minute so we may speak?" Mr. Crane calls from his wooden desk at the back of the room. It's said like a question but it's actually choiceless; a demand. Sighing, I listen as the halls gradually get louder as it rapidly fills. I nod, removing my eyes from the floor in the process. I stand up, and walk to his desk, my footsteps sluggish. Stopping in front of his desk I'm silent waiting for him to speak. I prepare myself for the worst. After all, math is my most disliked subject, therefore it is the one with the dangerously low grades. "Katniss, I have noticed that your grades have dropped over the last five months, and I'm just wondering what has caused this? You don't even seem to try anymore. Has there been a problem? If there is, I'm always here to listen." "Um . . . no sir, I'll try harder." "Are you sure?" "Yes, I'm fine." "Alright but if there is a problem, please come to me." "Of course." "Okay, you are free to depart." I quickly walk out the door to find people are still clustered around the hallways and their loud chatter is deafening to the ears. However, it's much better than being alone in a startling silent classroom with a teacher. From everyone else I stick out immensely, kind of like how a giant neon yellow sign would in a bland sea of black and white. Some pull books out of their lockers. Others stand in groups to chat, a few boys flirt with girls and they giggle at their pick-up lines, some people rush through the hallways to class. Couples kiss and hang all over each other and some brave outgoing people even run through the hallways screaming about tonight's football game. Then there's me, standing to the side, by myself, carrying books, biting my lip, and dully looking at the ground while pushing my way through the crowded hall. Some close friends of Glimmer, stop their to stop their conversations and stare at me in disgust. What else would you call those looks, they're definitely not admiration. Disgust seems about right. No ones really too fond of me here, you see some higher-class girls pick on me, so guys follow wanting to impress the girls they think are good-looking. It's a viscous cycle. There's two sides of the town we live in the seam and the merchants, the poor and the rich. No, I did not have a huge reputation before, more like the plain one of an under-looked person, a nerd maybe. It was fine with me, in fact I loved it, maybe not then, but now I greatly wish I still had that. Back then, I felt like I was just ignored, that I was nothing; I still am overwhelmed by that feeling but now it's just become ten times more intense. When math finished that means next will be free period, which I usually spend in the library, attempting lose myself in a book. But first I have to get there and away from all these people. There's a familiar click of heels, then suddenly, I'm seized by the shoulders and roughly shoved down. I can't stop myself and I am slammed face-first into the cold hard floor, my books fly out everywhere. All I hear is the laughter, the taunting, the comments. I just want to curl up in a ball and cry. My shaky arms push me up from the ground. From down here I can see who pushed me down as she flips her honey blonde hair over her shoulder and laughs with them. She helped ruin my life and that just isn't enough? I stare daggers at her with my eyes, as if my burning look would be