As you can tell, this is a Halloween inspired fic! October's absolutely my favorite month of the year, and what's better than writing a pjo Halloween fic? Anyways, hope you enjoy! Percy turned the volume louder on the radio from quiet to ready-to-burst-your-eardrums once he realized that This is Halloween was on and snapped his head over to Piper, smiling mischievously. Piper stared at him questioningly in the passenger's seat before she realized what song it was and burst into full song, singing the intro quite well, while Percy wailed in the background. "Boys and girls of every age, Wouldn't you like to see something strange? Come with us and you will see This, our town of Halloween." They sang together, Piper, who had sang on Broadway before, magnificently, her voice in tune and her voice never broke. Percy, in change, who had never sang professionally, let's say, didn't sing very well. The car was filled with the This is Halloween song playing, wails that sound like a cat was dying, and a voice that was soothing the ear. Not a very conventional mix, but hey. At least there weren't two dying cats inside the car. "This is Halloween, this is Halloween Pumpkins scream in the dead of night." To Piper and Percy, this song filled them with nostalgic memories. They met each other while trick or treating one night in a suburban neighborhood that Percy was invited to by one of the kids in his of class to make fun of him, and Piper's nanny at the time had taken her to trick or treat there because no one in Piper's rich neighborhood gave out candy. They had literally stumbled into each other when they had gone to get candy from a house where there were people who would jump out of this shadows and scare you in costumes. They did that to Percy, who at the time, being 4 years old had jumped and crashed into Piper. He apologized until he realized that they were both in the both same costume: Jack Skellington. Only, Piper obviously had paid over 100 dollars for the costume and make up because her costume was to die for. Meanwhile, Percy and his Mom had made his costume together because they couldn't afford a real costume. They immediately bonded and since Percy's classmates had abandoned him and Piper was trick or treating alone, they trick-or-treated together for the rest of the night. His Mom and her nanny exchanged information so that they could meet up together. Ever since then, they had been inseparable. "This is Halloween, everybody make a scene Trick or treat till the neighbors gonna die of fright It's our town, everybody scream In this town of Halloween." They heard someone bang on the backseat car window and abruptly stopped, the music still booming This is Halloween . They stared at each other, both quietly hoping that it wasn't the cops again (or maybe hopefully). They turned their heads to the window, and simultaneously let out a breath of relief once they noticed that it was Leo, who at the moment had a shit eating grin on his face that could have been mistaken for a carved smile on a Jack-o-lantern. Percy unlocked the door and Leo got in the backseat, laughing his ass off. "You should've seen your faces!" He yelled over the music, which Percy turned down. "Fuck you, Leo. You ruined a beautiful moment." Piper cursed and blew a strand of choppy hair out of her face. "Oh come on! You guys can easily play that song later. You guys have like, every single version of the song on your phones, along with the rest of the soundtrack of the movie." Leo retorted, still giggling a little. "Yeah, but were feeling that song. Especially since tomorrow is Halloween." Piper replied, looking at him in the rearview mirror. Percy turned the engine back on and started to back up, leaving Leo's house and into the street. "Besides Leo," Percy started, grinning at him in the rearview mirror. "we can still sing the song together." Immediately Percy started wailing "LA, LA, LA, LA, LA LA LA LA," with Piper joining him and singing as loud as she could. Leo groaned and covered his ears as they repeated that part over and over until he raised his hands in surrender. "Fine, Fine! Just shut up!" He yelled over their singing. Piper and Percy laughed, high fiving each other. Leo grumbled, "I hate you both." which only made Piper and Percy laugh harder. "All right, all right. Are we going to buy the stuff for our Ultimate Halloween Trash event?" Leo said, sliding his hands together, an almost evil glint appearing in his eyes. Every year they would get together with a bunch of toilet paper, eggs, markers, and ski masks and after all of the kids would go back into their homes, completely trash someone's house. It was never a strangers house because A, they aren't that cruel, and B, it only when someone really deserves it. This year they were going to trash Mrs. Dodds house because she gave them way too many unnecessary detentions this year. Percy once coughed in her class and got a detention because he had 'disrupted her teaching'. Half the class didn't even hear the cough! But she had passed the line after giving all three of them detention when all they did was sit together. They hadn't even talked! So, they gathered together that detention and hatched the Ultimate Revenge Plan for her to suffer. Keep in mind that this happened in early September and had planned for a whole month, making sure that the plan had the least flaws possible. They decided to band together with the Stoll brothers who always, always helped with pranks no matter what. They were masterminds, and had never gotten caught in all of their lives. They were too good. "Yes, in fact, we got a couple of Halloween themed toilet paper rolls and a couple of other things to add a little more spice. You'll love it." Percy replied. Remembering all of the things he got made his spine tingle with excitement that he could barely contain. This was definitely gonna be the best Ultimate Halloween Trash event they had ever done. "Excellent. We'll definitely celebrate this year's 10th anniversary of Ultimate Halloween Trash event memorably." Leo said, drumming his fingers against the car seat. Leo, Piper, and Percy had met in 1st grade when Leo had accidentally set fire to a pencil in the classroom and set off a chain reaction of notebooks being burnt and materials being burnt by the fire. They helped him put the fire out with their juice boxes and a couple of caprisuns while Leo stared at the fire in shock. When the teacher found out that it was Leo who started the fire, she started to scold him and threat him, so Piper and Percy invented a fake story to get her off of Leo's back. Yeah, they all got expelled the next day. They ended up tping the principal's and teacher's houses in an act of revenge 10 years ago, which then turned into a tradition after trick-or-treating. They became infamous for slyness and the ability to get a detention even if they had done nothing wrong. Therefore, they became best friends. "Gods," Piper laughed. "I feel kind of old now." Leo and Percy laughed along, agreeing with her. They turned the corner and drove into the school parking lot, which had been decorated the student council and a couple of the nice teachers. They parked there car and slid out laughing at inside jokes and bubbling with anticipation. They met up with the Stoll brothers who were walking around the school's front yard, backpacks in hand. Knowing them, they were probably gonna pull another prank. "Hey." Percy greeted them, doing that weird man hug thing with them. He pulled away and checked his pockets, just in case. Nope. Money still there. Travis and Connor grinned unnervingly. "You finished the pre-prank?" Leo asked them. "Yep. We called the 'Technician' to her house to come fix her cable box at exactly 11:30 pm." Travis said, air quoting Technician. "We set the blackout to be at 11:45 and the lights will go out in the 5 houses closest to her, so she won't suspect a thing." "Also," Connor started, "We already got most of the people at school to come to our house for a party and made sure that some teachers overheard. Hopefully, she already knows by now. All we need to do is walk into homeroom together and talk about the things that you're bringing to the party so she'll think that you guys are at the party as an alibi. We also made sure that we had someone to take care of the house while we are gone helping you guys out in the prank." Connor paused, "Oh and another thing, you guys are gonna still come to the party, right? In the beginning and after we've executed the prank?" "Totally." Leo said, grinning. "How are you guys going to throw a party without us going?" "Perfect." Piper said. "Gentlemen, I believe that this prank is going to be the best prank ever made." Percy grunted as Piper started to press his eyelid with her makeup brush quite hard. "You could try to press a little harder into my eyeball please." Percy said. Piper was too concentrated in her task to retort properly. "Just hold still, I'm almost finished." She said, dabbing at her makeup pallet and applying makeup on his other eyelid. Percy scrunched his face up as she applied the makeup. "Does this always hurt whenever you apply makeup to yourself?" He asked. Piper slightly shrugged. "Sometimes. You get used to it." She dabbed a little harder at his eyelid, then exclaimed. "Finished!" "Finally!" Percy exclaimed. "I thought you were going to poke my eyeball out at some point." She rolled her eyes, putting the makeup away. "Don't be exaggerated. You just can't handle it." She retorted, smirking slightly. Before Percy could manage a remark, Leo burst into the bathroom, holding a steel hammer and his face was painted pale and he had fake scratches on his face. He grinned maniacally. "How do I look?" He posed, flipping his hair. "Like a scrawny zombie." Piper said dryly. Leo ignored her. "I'm a demon mechanic!" He boasted. "I look awesome, don't I?" "As awesome as a Leo can be." Percy reassured him. Leo focused on him. "Dude. You look exactly like Jack Skellington. Only with hair." "Why, thank you, it was all my work." Piper swooped in. She applied some more make up to her face. She was going as a haunted cheerleader to the party, and hell did she play the part well. She had stitches going down her left eyes and had stitches on her shoulder that looked crazy real. She had fake blood going down her mouth and extremely dark eye bags that stood out. "But I am the model, and I make everything come to life, so technically, I am the PUMPKIN KING!" Percy exclaimed dramatically. Piper took one look at him. "Cute." She scoffed, before continuing to apply the final touches. "Anyways," Leo interrupted before things escalated, "Let's go to the party before it's too late, shall we?" Piper grinned, setting her make up aside. "We shall, demons." She hooked her arm to theirs. "Onward to the party and Ultimate Revenge!" They pulled up to the Stoll's house and parked inside of their garage with their permission. The place was already pretty crowded, and it was only 9:30. Normally parties started getting crowded at around 11. But then again, it was the Stolls, and they threw the best parties, so their parties got crowded fast, since practically everyone in the school and couple of people from other schools went. Percy, Leo, and