Hey guys and girls! This is pretty much the third story that I am writing, which I know is a lot since I have a lot of things normally, but I just couldn't help myself. I had this idea in my head and I really liked it, so I hope you guys do to. This story, as said in the summary, features Percy who is a loser and always wears beanies so no one can see his hair, a hoodie which is pretty much his shell that he hides in, and he is friendless (supposedly). It also features a popular, smart, gorgeous Annabeth, who is dating Luke Castellan. Please review, suggest ideas that you might think are good for the story, and follow if you like it! Disclaimer: I don't own the PJO series or any company mentioned. Neither any songs. Percy Jackson POV I stuffed my Shake Junt skateboard in my locker and got out my English notebook out of my locker and closed it. I heard a couple of people snicker at my new notebook, which was purple and had Dora The Explorer on the front side. I ducked my chin and gazed down at the floor, a bit embarassed but I could care less. I started walking towards English, which was the last period of the day before I could finally leave this hell hole named Goode High School. When I entered I immediatley chose the desk that was in the back and dragged the desk nearer to the corner, setting my notebook on top of the desk and sat down at the same time the bell ringed. I tugged on my hoodie and leaned backwards, careful not to make any eyecontact with the people that were already here. The door burst open and a couple of kids who always had a basketball with them started hooting loudly, making idiotic jokes and talking about Mrs. Venus and her body sat down in the second row, passing the basketball to eachother. I rolled my eyes at their immaturity and slightly scoffed at them, and waited for the class to begin. Before I could tell them to shut up, pretty much the most drop-dead gorgeous girl in this school, Annabeth entered the classroom speaking with her boyfriend, Luke Castellan and the rest of the class piled in just as Mr. Blofis entered the class. Grover Underwood, a guy who's in the 'Green Thumb' club sat down next to me and set his crutches on the floor. He waved at me and sent me his weirdish smile at me, making the corners of my lips tug up and I waved awkwardly back at him. You see, Grover and I were pretty much bestfriends in Yancy Academy when we were in sixth grade, until I got expelled from Yancy. It was a surprise in seeing him again in Goode during Freshman year, but we never really rekindled our friendship. Sure, we talked here and there, got assigned some projects together, but other than that, we barely could be considered friends still. As Mr. Blofis started the class, I took out my notebook which captured Grover's attention. He slightly tilted his head and gestured at the notebook, so I ripped a page out of my notebook and scribbled in my incomprehensive writing, It was the cheapest notebook that I found. I crumpled it in a ball and tossed it to Grover when Mr. Blofis wasn't looking. It took Grover a couple seconds to understand it, and looked at me in a way as if he were looking at a kid who couldn't find his parents. My jaw clenched and I started staring back at Mr. Blofis, even though I wasn't paying attention to him. I hated it when people looked at me that way. I really tried paying attention during class, copying notes when I found it important to do so, trying to read what was on the board but I just couldn't. My leg bobbed up and down and I was clenching my fists in frustration. Stupid dyslexia , I thought. My mind was starting to wander, and it wasn't until five minutes after that I noticed. Stupid ADHD . I sighed and copied what Mr. Blofis had just said as it seemed important, even though nobody actually copied that. I tugged my beanie lower and finally, the bell rang. I gathered my things but I was the slowest one to gather them, so naturally I was the last one to leave. I looked up and saw Annabeth Chase speaking with Mr. Blofis. So I was second to last then. As I started to leave I notced a lavender sharpie was lying on the floor, so I picked it up. I grabbed and saw a name written right under the Sharpie logo. It spelled, Annabeth Chase in neat, feminine handwriting. I looked up to see Annabeth starting to leave so I tapped her on the shoulder. "You dropped this." I mumbled, handing her the pen. She looked at me strangely as if she were trying to recall something. She grabbed the pen from my hands and stuffed it into her pencil case. "It's Percy, right?" She asked, staring at me as if I were a new species. "Yeah." I mumbled again and didn't quite meet her eyes. There was a slight awkward silence and I tugged on my hoodie uncomfortably. "Er, bye." I told her and sent her a slight awkward wave and left the classroom, heading to my locker. I heard someone catch up to me, so I glanced at the person and saw that it was Annabeth, still looking at me with the same expression as before. "I never said bye." She said. I looked down at my worn black Chuck Taylors, which had a hole from all of the skate tricks I do and had silver ducktape on the inside where the hole was so I don't make a hole in my socks. The laces also had silver ducktape where it was getting detached. "Um, so what do you want?" It came out a bit harshly, but I didn't care that much. "I'm curious." She stated. "How come you never show your face? Where do you sit during lunch? Why don't you speak-" "Look, I really want to go home, it's Friday, I have homework and I don't want to answer your questions." I said as we reached my locker. I grabbed my backpack and my skateboard, swinging my backpack on and closing my locker. "Jeez, I'm just curious." She says and rolls her eyes. "Curiousity killed the cat." I muttered. "Well, I just want answers. I don't know you, but I'm intrigued by you." She replied. I scoffed slightly. "I'm flattered. I have to go now. Bye." I told her and started to leave. Luckily, she didn't follow me again, but I still looked behind and saw Luke, her boyfriend, talking to her. I sighed and pushed the doors open, hurriedly speed walking to the sidewalk and started to skate my half an hour ride home. Home, for me, is a ratty old apartment in the poor parts of Manhatten, Pizza boxes, Chinese takeout and beer cans littered on the floor, clothes tossed all over the apartment, and a couch that looks like it's 15 years old. It may not sound nice to you, but homes aren't about the state of how it is, it's about the memories you make there. "Sup Perce." Beck, who's real name his Charles Beckendorf, greeted me. Beck was an African American, and seemed to have a permanent scowl etched on his face. He had unruly brown hair and could be compared to the hulk with all of his muscles, but he wouldn't hurt a fly. He is the oldest in the apartment, being 28. "Hey Percy!" Will waved at me, his long surfer blonde hair covering his face. He was 26, and was as bright as the sun. He was actually the smartest out of all of us, seeing as he actually passed High School with great grades, almost becoming valedictorian. Albeit, he never went to college. "Hey." I replied and tossed my backpack. I took off my hoodie and threw my beanie. Ah, I moaned internally. I was sweating from skating for so long and so fast, and I was thirsty. I shook my messy black hair and went to our kitchen. "Where's Lee and Micheal?" I asked, grabbing a Dr. Pepper and sitting on the couch. "They went to the grocery store to buy some food." Grunted Beck. Lee and Micheal are halfbrothers, Lee being 26 and Micheal being 25. You could tell that they had some of the same facial features, like the nose and the eyes being the most noticible thing they have in common. What they don't have in common is their hair, which Micheal's is black, differing Lee's, which is dark sandy blonde. You might be wondering why I live with them. To put it simply, I'm in a band with these idiots, and I'm the youngest, as I'm 17. We're called Blue Cherry Coke, and we perform rock songs. I'm the lead guitarist and songwriter (sometimes backup vocalist too), Will sings and writes songs too, Beck's on drums, Lee's the basist and backup vocals, and Micheal is the guitarist/pianoist and backup vocals. They found me when their other guitarist, John or something, got kicked out becausse he was too into drugs and getting laid. He wasn't very good on the guitar, and only joined the band for the fame. When John got kicked out, he stole all of their money, broke a window, and wrote on their mirror in the bathroom PAYBACK BITCHEZ with a black marker. Before they found me, I'd been living out on the streets by 14, starved to death, playing my guitar in subways and Central Park, but no one really paid attention, just giving me some money when they could. Then came the day that the guys saw me playing, and took me under their wing. I'd joined their band and started to live with them, finally finding a family ever since my Mom died. My Mom, I assure you was the greatest person ever. She supported me, she was kind, she never got mad, and she made me blue cookies. She deserved the best, but instead she got stuck with me, a dyslexic kid who always got expelled from school and barely passed classes. She even married a guy named Gabe Ugliano who smelt like gym shorts that got thrown up on, just so she could have enough money to raise me. And hell, Gabe was abusive . He hit my mother and I, stole my money, and wasted it all on poker. So when my Mom died from a heart attack, I ran away. There was no way that I was going to stay with an abusive ass for the rest of my life. So when I got picked up from the streets by the guys, we weren't just a band, we were a family . We relied on eachother, we teased eachother, and we share secrets. They all know my past (after months of picking and prodding until we all sat down on the couch and I told them), and somehow, we got closer. The guys got protective over me, and they knew not to mention anything about it. Beck's phone started ringing next to me, so I grabbed it and tossed it to him. He grabbed it and answered. "Hey Sil." He said fondly to the phone, a small smile etched on his face. Let me get this clear, Beck has a girlfriend named Silena who he has dated for 6 years, and they were still going strong. They really loved eachother and you could tell just by the way they act. He finished his conversation with her and placed his phone back in his pocket. "Sil's coming over." He announced. I grunted in response.