May Write along This was written by a different person for the May Write Along as a collaboration effort. Members submitted a few sentences to pages of text. Minor edits to tense, spelling and grammar have been made to make the story more cohesive. Prompt: We all know the D.H.S. was started long long ago by Albus Dumbledore; alone only because his brother wanted no part of his ambitions. But years later after Albus's death, Aberforth has learned to move on from certain things in his past and now he wants in...with his own ambitions in mind. Ambitions of reversing time and reuniting with Albus and his hunt for Grindelwald. Ambitions of revenge and even power. The brother of a legend, choosing to chase his own glory ...or his brother's? In the summer of 2004, years after the death of his brother, Aberforth Dumbledore was sitting in the chair in the Hog's Head, the inn he had managed for a long time. With a firewhisky in hand, the grumpy-looking old man was trapped inside the memories of his past, good and bitter alike. Memories of his sister, whom he had loved, passed over his eyes. His brother, who in search of prestige had sacrificed everything, but now his name was considered as honorable. Albus Dumbledore, the man who defeated Gellert Grindelwald, who gave his life in favor of the wizarding world. Every word about him hurt Aberforth. His brother had been so famous and here he was, almost unknown, running an old weary inn. The thought had plagued him for several days now. His brother was not all bad after all. Now glory, fame and power was what Aberforth craved for himself. The inn was now empty, and this was the time for action. He had formulated the plan for a long time. Aberforth stood up and started towards the door and holding his wand out shouted, "Colloportus!" sealing the door. He now stepped towards one of the many old looking, battered shelves and reached for the dusty green box covered with cobwebs. He turned the box in his hand, re-thinking over the wisdom of the idea, but he really wanted to do it, wanted to be known by the world. Without any second thought he pulled the box open. A golden locket with an hour-glass in between, a time-turner, lay inside. "He must have given it to me for a reason," he thought. He turned the time-turner in his hand, thinking of just glory and meeting his brother once again, with a good will of helping him in his mission. To join the Deathly Hallows Society, was what he now wanted. He closed his eyes as the world revolved around him, and finally he opened his eyes to find himself in the Hogs Head of 1944. Not to Aberforth's surprise, the place looked the same. He knew that he did not work to make it better. But now he need to act, because the thought struck him. His past self would be in the inn now, probably in the room he had for himself. Now his work was to convince Albus about him, but how was he going to tackle himself? Would Dumbledore even believe him? All the thoughts struck him, which his hunger for eminence had over-ruled previously. He was not sure, where his past self would be, he wanted to check the room first. He moved towards the stairs, careful not to make any noise. Upon stepping on the first step, the wooden step creaked. Carefully ascending the stairs, he reached the landing and towards the familiar row of rooms. With his wand out he moved towards the far-end, where his room had been. The door was closed. He carefully moved forward when he heard the squeaking sound from the stairs. Alarmed he turned his face towards the other end of the corridor, with his wand pointed high. Finally someone reached the landing. He noticed outlines of a figure, unable to make the details because of the dark… He cast a silent lumos and saw that it was Hagrid. Hagrid said that he sends his condolences - Hagrid handed him a small package. Aberforth looked down and asked what is this all. Hagrid says is that he knows that Dumbledore would want this; he opens it and all it is is a stone and he rolls it around his hand. Then pops out Dumbledore, he says... "Aberforth. Do not be frightened. I know why you are here - and I need your help." Aberforth paused. His brother was dead. How could this be, that he was talking to him? "I know you're confused, brother." Albus said. "It's been a long time, but I have a mission for you. You see, I have long since dreamt of creating a society, one dedicated to protecting the secrecy of the Deathly Hallows. They are much too powerful, and in the wrong hands, could cause devastation. I need you to return to your time and seek out the one they call "The Director." Tell him that we need his help. Get him on board. This is all I ask, Aberforth. Do this in my memory." Aberforth felt a tugging at his body and soul as the time turner reversed its magic. As he was reluctantly dragged back to his own time, he dropped the stone. Upon arrival in 2004, he immediately ran upstairs to ensure that the stone was nowhere to be found, and then went off in search of the Director Where would he find this 'Director' person that his brother had spoken of? Where could he possibly start looking for him? It seemed as if his own subconscious mind answered that question for him, because the next thing he knew, he stood before the door of one Minerva McGonagall. Confusion took hold of him once more just as he raised one aged hand to knock. His hand hovered inches from the dark wooden door, gnarled knuckles poised to rap smartly to garner the attention of the severe looking but beautiful witch on the other side. Why had Albus appeared to him as a ghost of himself in the past, when his past self should have been still alive and thriving? Why had he asked Aberforth to seek out this person with a strange name (or was it just his title?), to start a society that had already existed? These questions and several others swirled through his confusion addled mind as the door opened swiftly. Minerva raised one sharp eyebrow as her eyes fell on Aberforth. Her expression appeared annoyed, though her eyes flitted with curiosity. "To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit, Aberforth?" Still confused and unable to speak Minerva took pity on the aged worn Aberforth. "You were always the serious one, Albus was worst than the students most of the time." A little smile crept on Minerva's lips and she remembered the childish professor dancing in the great hall, eating lemon sherberts and singing "the students are coming, they are on the way, the Hogwarts train will bring them here today. Oh this shall be a great year!" Finally Aberforth managed a little cough "Um um." "Sorry," said Minerva, coming back to the situation in front of her, as she closed the door shut with a flick of her wand and showed Aberforth to a large arm chair with a quilted back and a blanket laying over the side. "Please take a seat," Minerva spoke. "Tell me, what can I do for you?" she asked as she passed him a large glass of pumpkin juice. Thinking to herself the fire whisky hadn't been kind too the man over the years and was very intrigued as to what would fetch him out of his beloved worn down inn. "Minerva, I have come with our friend Rubeus on a mission of the greatest secrecy. I have received ...terrible news. Dark news. My brother...my fault...my sister...my fault...Gellert. I was too stubborn. Too selfish. Albus is organizing a resistance. He's trying to gather together...from Hogwarts. From Beauxbatons. From Durmstrang. Some of the Champions, the Prefects and Heads...the Professors, of course. Maybe even that Scammander lad will be of use. But you know this. Grindelwald has turned so many. They say he's going to attack Beauxbatons next. Albus says the only hope is overseas. He says that we have to find someone called 'Director'. He's supposed to sound like an ordinary MACUSA Unspeakable to the rest of us, but I know. I know the truth. I know Albus has told you and Filius already some of what must be done. He's been campaigning in the Wizengamot for years, now, everyone knows how outspoken he is against Grindelwald, but he doesn't want to take the field of battle himself." Aberforth paused. "This is all well known by the general Wizarding public in these times of War, but Minerva...there is an awful secret. I know the source of Grindelwald's power. The reason Albus won't confront him. I know it all. They've BOTH got to be stopped! They'll bring down *Magic* as we know it if they don't!" McGonagall's spectacles startled off her face, her chair knocking over in horror and surprise. She rose to her full height and gave a Aberforth Dumbledore a pleading look. "What!? How is that possible? Not even Merlin could have? The Founders of the Seven Castles never dared to think...you mean...it was true? Has Gregorovitch really GOT it?" "No. Not Gregorovitch. GRINDELWALD. But there were THREE! And Albus just sent me a message with the other one. We've got to run this tighter than the Ministry, tighter than the Department of Mysteries, tighter even than the Order of the Phoenix. Minerva, there isn't much time..." 1930 Liberty Island, New York, New York 250 year old Vito Peverell-Flamel-Gaunt-Andolini-Corleone-di-Santa-Maria-Quixote-di-Monte-Cristo-di-Gryffindor pushed the brim of a hat worthy of that name down over his brow. But you can call him 'The Director", like everyone does. He wore only his dignified but well-worn jacket over a buttoned-down shirt and tie and slacks, muggle-style. His shoes he kept shined like his hat, but the rest of his clothes he kept carefully inconspicuous. He was not here to attract attention to his status, only to honor it. Ostensibly here to escape the apparent danger to his life posed by Don Ciccio's family, he was actually here to protect the man's life. And his own identity. Back in his quiet Sicilian village, his name was considerably shorter. He tucked the dusty old book he had rescued from the ruins of his villa under his arm as protectively as if it was bound in diamond and rubies and gold instead of ancient leather, "The Tales of Beedle the Bard". The only odd thing about his appearance at all was the curious shape of his cufflinks. A line inscribed in a circle inscribed in a triangle. He had easily passed these off to curious muggles as a sign of his profession as a teacher of geometry, and that is what the port officials thought he was here to do. Muggles were never curious about important things like that. Vito Corleone was not like other 250 year olds. That is to say, dead. No, "The Director", as he was even to his closest colleagues, was to all appearances a spry young lad no more than 35. "The Director" was a Wizard. The most powerful Wizard in the world, or soon would be. His father had been the Secret-Keeper of the Greatest Secret in History, one that took precedence as the mission of the Family even above such concerns as serious as honor and revenge. Last wills and legacies were that important. Antonio Corleone was no ordinary Sicilian, and Don Ciccio would rue the day he crossed wands with The Family. But not today. Not yet. There was important business to conduct. He would wait years. He had lived three lifetimes of ordinary men, his father had lived