© Nuriko Kamaiji February 2003 All The Lord of the Rings characters and places belong to Tolkien and whoever else has rights to it; all other characters and plot are mine The Shire, S.R. 1424 Peregrin smiled. Leaning forward, he gazed down at the woman lying in a bundle of blankets on the floor below his bed. Her hair was tousled, curling around her shoulders in long dark tresses, resting softly against her breasts. She stirred, gently rustling the woven quilt wrapped around her slim body, curled up so as to fit in the content of the blanket. He was glad for this moment of sleep on her part, since it gave him time to contemplate what to do or even think of this entire matter. He could well imagine what his friend and cousin, Meriadoc would say. Criticize him for making a fool of himself, for being a "fool of a Took", like Gandalf had said once upon a time that seemed so long ago faraway in the Mines of Moria. But he knew he hadn't been a fool. No, he knew what he'd done and why he had. There was no question there. Settled for the time, he watched her, taking a small satisfaction from the fact he had to lean down from his own bed to study her completely. For at her waking she would tower over him, being a whole head taller. Short for one of the race of Man, but quite large for one of his kind. In fact Meriadoc and him were, by their people's reckoning the tallest of their kind, measuring four and a half feet. But this beautiful female creature laying so soundly on his floor was no hobbit lass, but a woman, two years his senior, in Men terms of age, widowed for four years and more experienced in love than he ever was. And soon, if he wasn't mistaken, to cause him a boatload of trouble. He watched her stir again, this time her eyes fluttering open, her dark green-grey eyes consuming him. He smiled, feeling very foolish indeed, hoping that he appeared anything but a heart-struck young lover he was sure she'd had or worse yet, a sorry excuse for what he supposed a woman would want in a man. Someone tall and stern with a high bearing and vast knowledge, someone like Aragorn, Faramir…or Éomer, he thought as his mind began fervently to list Men of that bearing that he thought would appeal. Not an overgrown Halfling, with more taste for a good hearty meal than a book of lore. Not to mention the feet. He hadn't dared ask what she thought of them. In all his travels he had not once heard of one mix-raced union within Hobbit customs. Oh he knew of Elves and Men unions, but never had Hobbits breed with any other race but their own. Until this morning. The thought made him flush, feeling he should be ashamed, but all he could feel was quick fluttering in his chest as he felt himself go red. Oh what a sight he was sure he was. Barely taller than a young boy by her standards, turning as red as a beet, and grinning from ear to ear like a love-struck fool. She shook her head slightly as she looked up at him. Levering on her elbows, she rose quickly, kissing him on the mouth, taking him completely off guard. Startled he felt her pull him down beside her, nestling against him as well she could. He let her kiss him again, sighing as she released him and settled herself against him. He held her a moment, wallowing in amazement why he had never taken notice of females of any kind before now and what they could offer. Before he had time to stop and think, he blurted out a rather burning question on his mind. 'Ah, excuse me Kiearâ, love, if you don't mind the term of course, uh, well, I'm rather stumped as to how we found ourselves,' he beckoned to himself and her, 'in this current situation?' He was not sure what he meant and immediately felt incredibly foolish for asking, since it was quite clear as to how it had happened. In his uncommonly gracious way, he had taken her back with him. Over the last years since he had met her, he had been waiting anxiously to see her again, despite the near improbability of it and despite the small part of his heart that had berated him for his nonsense. For truly, what could he have been to her, other than a fleeting fancy in a war-torn world? And yet peace had come and the shadow had passed and here she was. Her melodious laugh interrupted his trailing thoughts, as she answered his question. 'Oh Peregrin, I don't know why any better than you my darling.' He felt himself blush again at such a term. Her face grew hard for a moment, her eyes slightly glistening. Softly she whispered, 'I don't know why, but I'm taking it for what it's worth.' He was startled by her sudden change and the seriousness in her eyes as she stared at him. But it wasn't a cold look in her eyes, it was rather warm but for the determination she wore now. Seeming to realize she had startled him, Kiearâ sighed. 'Ah Pippin, I'm sorry. I'm just…over-exhausted I suppose.' She bit her lip as though contemplating something. Drawing him closer to her, she rested her chin on his shoulders. 'Your people, the other Hobbits…they won't like this will they?' Pulling her tighter to him, he held her as well as he could, feeling a sudden protectiveness for her, as if by holding her he could somehow ward off the inevitable criticism of his people. 'No I'm sure they won't,' he said honestly. 'Hobbits don't really have much to do with you Big Folk.' As soon as he had said it he wished he hadn't. Ah, what a fool he was turning out to be. Falling so hard for a woman he barely knew and now practically insulting her to her face. She looked at him; her eyes sad, as if he had driven a sword between them. 'Ah excuse me; I don't know what I'm saying. I—I've never been…much like this…or, that is, shown much interest—not that I'm not—that is…I mean interest in you. I don't know why someone wouldn't want you or why you'd—'he stopped short, horrified at the complete utter nonsense he had just sprouted off. Her face appeared stern but her eyes twinkled slightly. 'Or why I'd want a Halfling like you?' He nodded. He knew he had just been thinking the exact same thing but something in her wording offended him slightly. And hurt him tremendously. 'Well, let's see, how about he's young, and varied, and quite an oddity among his own people. No to mention handsome, in a Hobbitish way, with beautiful eyes and an interesting manner and an exciting appetite.' She raised an eyebrow. 'Does that answer your question?' 'Yes,' he said, 'that and many.' He felt a weight lift off at her words. So he was, miraculously, what she wanted. And she was, without a doubt, completely what he wanted. Maybe it would be all right in the end. After all, the Elves had let their female kind marry into the house of Man. After all Hobbits and Men were much closer than any other races. Yes, perhaps it would be all right. As if having a mind as to where his thoughts were going she grinned, rubbing her cheek against his, kissing his earlobes gently. He felt himself squirm, much to his dismay, as though he wanted to be rid of her. But he didn't want that. No not at all. But she just smiled at him with such an odd expression in her eyes it touched his heart and made him want to weep for joy. Overcome by an unknown emotion, he flung his arms round her slender shoulders, kissing her with as much passion as he had used the night before. He hadn't known he had had such a passion for such things. Yet here he was, without so much as a cup of tea, with a beautiful woman, of the race of Men no less, in his arms and as far as he was concerned he'd prefer to keep it that way if he could. He'd do anything he could to keep her with him. Truly he would. § Meriadoc was beginning to worry. It was half past noon and Pippin still hadn't arrived. He knew there was no way his cousin could have forgotten. They had been meeting everyday for five years now at the Green Dragon right at noon. Puzzled, Merry went to ask the barman if perhaps he had seen Pippin and he, himself had missed his friend. Seems funny though, he thought to himself. He would have known for sure if Pippin came by. He was rather hard to miss… § Without waiting for an answer Merry broke the door in, rushing without thinking into Pippin's room. 'Merry!' Pippin's voice sounded shocked, offended, and embarrassed all at once startling Merry for a moment. He stopped in his tracks. Burning red, Pippin yelled up at him, 'Merry what are you doing?!?' 'I ah, I thought…I mean you were late…' he let it hang as his mind began to register what he saw. There was Pippin; mad as hell and as red as could be wrapped tightly, it appeared, in a quilt with an obviously female kind. Merry had a sinking feeling about all this. 'Ah Pippin, I'm…sorry.' He tried to avert his eyes, but there was something not quite right about the lady beside his friend. With a grace that surprised him, Pippin's apparent new lady "friend" wrapped a cloak around her as she rose without so much as flash of skin. Merry's eyes widened as she rose, stretching to her full height, trying as not to hit her head on the ceiling. She bent down toward a flustered Pippin, seeming to whisper something to him before kissing him on the cheek. Even Merry could tell Pippin was smitten. As she turned to go, Pippin blurted out, rather unobtrusively. 'Wait Kiearâ. Stay, please.' She seemed puzzled then nodded settling down near Pippin. Merry took a tentative step forward. 'Pippin…she's…how did…?' 'I let her in.' Merry was startled. 'But you broke the King's command.' Pippin shifted uncomfortably. 'And for what? A woman? One night of passion with a woman?' Pippin's eyes flashed for a moment, as he gazed up rather unemotionally at his cousin. Merry was startled at the seriousness he saw in his gaze. He also felt rather guilty about the whole situation. It wasn't that there was anything wrong with a woman, per-se, but what did a Hobbit have to do with one of the race of Men? He felt it would never work out. Why, mostly everyone in the Shire would think Pippin completely mad to have willingly bedded with one of another race. And that was the problem. Pippin had wanted this, that much was clear. Pippin loved her, whoever she was. And it broke his heart. 'Look Pippin,' Merry began slowly, 'try and see this logically. No one in the Shire will accept this.' 'Nonsense,' said Pippin. 'They won't have to. As long as you don't tell them.' Merry was startled. Though whom would he tell? He had friends, naturally of course, thought ever since his return from the south there had been a slight falling out. Nothing extreme, but enough that he noticed sometimes. There were some things that they could just not understand. Not even Pippin for that matter. He had faced death, five years hence, on the faraway plain of Pelennor, stabbing it from behind for the sake of his fallen liege's sister-daughter, the fair Éowyn. He had thought he would die