Set in the Not Fade Away storyverse, a tale for the holiday season. In winter, Thranduil and two companions spend the night in a stable. Disclaimer: This is a work of derivative fiction based on the characters and world of JRR Tolkien. I merely borrow them for a time, for my own enjoyment and, I hope, that of my readers. I am making no money from this endeavor. Beta reader for this story is IgnobleBard. We Three Kings "I don't like this star in the east," said Thranduil grimly from atop his camel. "Whenever I see something burning that brightly in the heavens where nothing was before, it makes me worry that the Belair are up to new mischief concerning the Middle-lands." Thranduil's camel took advantage of the pause to twist its head back around and stare at its rider balefully. It looked as if it might be working up to spit. "Nasty, evil-tempered beasts," Thranduil grumbled, eyeing his wayward mount in return. "How I wish we had horses! The motion of this animal makes my backside hurt." "Nasty, evil-tempered beasts are always a trial, Sire," Galion observed with a carefully neutral tone of voice and expression, thus earning himself his master's glare, previously reserved for the camel. "However, they are often a necessity for reasons of practicality and employment -- especially if one must travel in these arid lands. At this time of year," Galion concluded with an eloquent cough. "Mind your tongue, Galion, or I will leave you in Damascus, where you may enjoy the creature comforts you so crave, while my son and I journey on homeward." Thranduil looked up into the night sky, where the stars blazed like white gems in the cold, crisp air. "The land is hardly so arid! The water falls from the very air, although in a frozen form." Legolas sighed and pulled his cloak more closely about him for the warmth. Who would have expected snow in Judea, even in the month the Romans called December? Although it seemed not a proper snow, lying thinly on the ground like a layer of flour spilled on the kitchen floor by a careless cook. At home, in the Wood of Greenleaves, the snow would lie thickly between the trees, the wind pushing it into tall drifts. The remaining Wood-elves would have brought evergreen boughs and mistletoe into the caverns and lit candles to lift their spirits, although in the absence of the King there would be no Solstice tree to wear the crown in Thranduil's stead. The Elves of the Greenwood had realized they could not stay in the sanctuary of their king's enchanted forest forever without becoming a rustic folk, fading into forgetfulness of glories past. Thranduil had taken them out into the world of Men to teach and to heal, passing on the wisdom of the Elder Days where they might and partaking in the vibrant life of this new Age. They returned to the Wood from time to time to renew their spirits as every Elf must. Not often enough for Legolas, who missed his home with every year spent away, but it would have to suffice. Not for the first time, Legolas regretted the trade mission that had taken him and Thranduil to Alexandria at this time of year. Already, at three days past the Solstice, it was far too late to celebrate the holiday with his mother and the rest of Thranduil's people in Babylon. Only great luck in travel would get them there for Legolas's Begetting Day in mid-January. He and his father were strangers in a strange land -- how lonely it felt to be so far from home at this darkest time of the year. The cold weather was unseasonable but perhaps a blessing in disguise. Legolas doubted that Thranduil would have preferred a rain drenching them to the skin had the air been just that much warmer. He reached down to pat the hump of his own camel, a female who had carried him patiently across the Sinai from Egypt. "You are not a nasty, evil-tempered beast, are you, Hayin? You are a good beast." "That," Galion whispered beside him, "is because 'some' people are reasonable and are not so prideful as to insist on riding the equivalent of a stallion. Even when it is an odd beast with an ungainly neck and a hump in its back that pierces the bollocks even through this barbarian contraption that passes for a saddle." "I heard that," Thranduil growled. "Make yourself useful, Galion, and tell me how far it is to the next town. And by that I mean the next town with a decent inn, with decent wine -- not that watered-down swill the Romans drink -- and a bed with no fleas." "The answer to that, Sire, is the same as when you asked it last -- farther than we can ride tonight. But Bethlehem-Ephratah is over the next rise." "I never thought I would say this," Thranduil sighed, "but I miss Gondor . . . and Rivendell too." Legolas echoed the sigh as his keen eyes caught the glow of a town behind the foothills ahead. He agreed with his father: he could really use some wine right about now. "All right," said Thranduil, kicking his reluctant camel into a lope. "You know the drill -- hoods up, hair loose, and speak that misbegotten tongue they call Latin." oOo "Are you here for the counting, Good Masters?" the innkeeper asked, brushing a lock of grizzled wind-blown hair from his eyes. His son, a dark-haired man just past his first flush of youth, stood next to him in the courtyard, greeting the newest arrivals. "Counting?" Thranduil stood next to his camel, taking care to remain out of spitting range. "The census ordered by Governor Quirinius," the innkeeper explained with a sour look on his face. "All citizens of Judea are to return to the towns of their birth to be counted for the taxation." Thranduil shook his head. "We are travelers from afar. I am Melchior, silk-merchant of Babylon. This is my man, Caspar, and my companion, Balthasar --" he indicated Legolas, presently dismounting from his camel. "We require rooms for the night -- a suite would be nice -- a hot meal, and hot water for bathing." Innkeeper and son exchanged an unhappy look. "I fear we have no rooms, Master Melchior." "If you have no suites, a single room will suffice," Thranduil said. Bethlehem's innkeeper spoke his Latin with a heavy accent that even Legolas, with his practice at learning many tongues, found difficult to comprehend. "No, my Lord, you do not understand," the man said. "My inn is full. We have no rooms available, although we can feed you and your companions in our tavern." "Although, for the right amount of gold," the son interjected, "we might evict some of the poorer guests from their rooms. Or the not so poor patrons -- depending on the amount of gold, of course." Legolas pursed his lips. The world of Men grew to be a colder place with each passing generation. While the father looked harried with the extra burden of tending to so many extra travelers and the prospect of further taxation, the son seemed to have sensed the opportunity for profit in the situation. It was an ill wind that blew no one any good. "There is not enough gold in this world to make me do that," Thranduil muttered. "Shall we press on, then, my Lord?" whispered Galion. "Jerusalem is but a few hours further." Thranduil shook his head. "The night is already well advanced. I am tired. Our camels are tired." He raised his voice to address the innkeeper. "Have you at least shelter and provender for our beasts? If so, my companions and I can shift for ourselves." The innkeeper nodded. "We have a stable. My other son will show you the way. Yochannon . . .?" he shouted, and a much younger man, little more than a boy, appeared carrying a lantern. "This way," the boy mumbled, as Legolas fell in beside him. "Stable's this way." "And where do you propose to sleep tonight, my Lord?" Legolas heard Galion asking, as his father and the valet fell into line behind them. "I have no idea, my good Caspar," Thranduil replied. "Perhaps we can find a villager to take us in, or we can shelter in the corner of two walls. If worse comes to worst we will spend the night in a field under the cover of our cloaks. All I know is that I refuse to have some poor Mort-- ah, traveler turned out into the cold on my account. You and I have roughed it before." "Aye, Sire, that we have," said Galion, his tone warming despite the situation. Legolas merely smiled. He didn't fancy a night in the cold, but Elbereth knows, he'd slept in worse places in his time too. "Door's round this wall," said the boy, holding his lantern higher to light the way. Legolas realized that the lad was not speaking the language of the Romans but the tongue of the folks in these parts -- Aramaic, they called it. Legolas had a far easier time understanding it than heavily accented Latin. "My name's John." "I know," Legolas said. They had reached the doors of the stable, and Legolas looked up to see the strange bright star shining above the roof peak. "Round John, they call me," the boy continued. "Round John 'cause I'm . . ." He gestured down at his body. Once inside the stable and into the pool of light cast by another lantern hanging from a rafter, Legolas caught his first good look at their guide. 'Yes,' he thought, 'round indeed!' Everything about John was round, from his pot belly to the full planes of his face, the only exception being his odd almond shaped eyes. He was also no child, although the top of his head barely reached the lower part of Legolas's chest. He had the first tender sproutings of a beard on his chin. At first, Legolas thought that John might have had a foreign mother, for he had seen upturned eyes like that on the golden-skinned Men of the East who came in with the caravans carrying silk and spices. But, no, he decided; the crease of the lad's palm, a single line reaching from one side to the other, told a different story. John was simple; the sort of changeling child Legolas had seen born to Mortal mothers upon occasion in his years among them. Yet, though he might lack wit, Legolas could feel the sweetness of John's spirit shining like that new bright star above the rooftops. "I take care of the stable," John said proudly. "I like the animals. They don't laugh at me like the people do." Legolas felt his heart catch at the casual cruelty Mortals could sometimes display. "I would never laugh at you, John." He looked around the stable, which was capacious and well-tended. Two of the stalls held camels like their own, but he saw a few horses and donkeys drowsing in the pens. "You do a good job here." The strange little man beamed up at these words of praise. "Yes," said Thranduil, leading his camel in the door behind them. "I think we may bed down with our beasts here for the night with not too much discomfort. That is, providing -- Ai !" What could have startled his father enough to make him forget his own rule and speak in Elvish? Legolas turned his head sharply. They were not alone. In one of the far corner stalls a young woman lay curled in the straw, wrapped in a faded blue cloak. A tiny baby in rough swaddling cloths had been laid in the manger beside her. The woman slept the sleep of pure exhaustion. "Lady had a baby last night," John informed