Elflings We knew that land once, You and I, and once we wondered there in the long days now long gone by a dark child and a fair. JRR Tolkien, Mar Vanwa Tyaliéva, The Cottage of Lost Play o o o "I dunno, Thran, this isn't a such a good idea . . ." "Shut up, Galion and don't be such a chicken-heart. That's what you said when we smeared the honey on the privy seat, and we didn't get caught that time, did we?" "What do you mean, 'we,' Thran? You put that honey on the privy seat, not me. And it was a waste of good food." "It wasn't a waste," Thranduil protested, shrinking back into an alcove to avoid being seen by a hurrying chambermaid carrying a basket of bed linens. "I learned a new word. That's worth something." Galion snorted, softly, as the sound of the maid's footsteps on the polished stone floor of the corridor died away. "You don't even know what huitho means." "Do so!" "Do not!" Truth be told, Thranduil did not know what the word meant, but he intended to find out as soon as possible. As the only son of Great Greenwood's newly established king, Thranduil took his exalted position very seriously, and he was loath to admit ignorance in front of his cradle-brother, even though Galion was the elder of the two of them by several months. "If you know what it means," Galion continued smugly, "then tell me what it means." "I can't. It's a word for grown elves, not babies like you." Thranduil felt himself safe in saying this, for it had been quite apparent that it was a word for grown elves from Lord Helegui's angry tirade, overheard when Thranduil and Galion had hidden in the bushes beside the privy to wait and listen for the inevitable answering of Nature's call. "Hah!" responded Galion triumphantly. "Well, I do know what huitho means. I asked my ada ." "What did he say?" Thranduil whispered, throwing all pretense of sophistication aside in hopes of enlightenment. "The first thing he asked was where did I learn that word, and I told him I learned it from you, and he said he wasn't surprised." "Why did you tell him a thing like that?" Thranduil said, in an injured tone. Galion's job in this partnership was to keep Thranduil out of trouble, not tattle on him. "Was I supposed to tell him I learned it outside the privy after you put honey on the seat and your father's Seneschal sat down on it?" Galion replied. "I suppose not," said Thranduil, mollified. "And then . . .?" "He explained to me it's when the ada and the nana love each other very much, and then they have great joy and delight, and then one year later the baby comes." Thranduil shot his friend a dubious look. "Is that all?" It seemed to him as if Galion's father had left an important part out. "He said I should never say that word again until I am at least fifty," Galion continued earnestly. "And then he told me it was wrong to waste food." Thranduil raised one golden eyebrow. Had Galion's father suspected anything about the honey incident? No, he decided, it was not possible. "And that's why I think this might be a bad idea," Galion finished. The two boys had managed to make their way to the king's bed chamber, all the way from outside, without being spotted by either a servant or one of the workmen putting finishing touches on the construction. Oropher's palace on the hilltop at Amon Lanc, still growing to accommodate his court of Iathren nobles and the groups of Laegrim that joined them daily, was so new that they could still smell the oil varnish used to seal the woodwork. "Why is it a bad idea? We aren't even wasting food this time," said Thranduil, shutting the heavy door to his father's room silently behind them. "If I found something like that in my bed, I know I'd be unhappy," Galion mumbled. "Your father is the king, and Ada says that when the king is unhappy, everyone is unhappy. Besides, it's cruel to the toad." "Is that so? Do you find it cruel, Little Toad?" said Thranduil, reaching into his pocket to remove a tiny creature the two boys had found sheltering in the tall grass near a foundation excavation. "Wouldn't you rather spend the night in here than out in the grass with all the snakes? Big snakes," he added, with a pointed look at Galion. Predictably, the toad had no comment about exchanging the grass for a prince's pocket and a king's bed, other than the cricket-like 'brik-brik' call that toads in these parts were wont to make during the summertime. "You see?" said Thranduil. "He doesn't mind at all. I think a toad would be honored to share a king's bed." "I don't think your father will be honored to share his bed with a toad," Galion grumbled. "It's funny. He'll laugh. You'll see," insisted Thranduil, pulling back the covers and shoving the toad beneath. Galion rolled his eyes and sighed, conceding the debate, as the two of them headed back for the door. "My nana just made a new batch of wine, Thran. Let's go see if we can steal a sip." "Wine makes my head feel funny, Galion, but . . . all right." As the door shut behind the two boys, a barely noticeable lump in Oropher's coverlet said, "Brik-brik?" o o o Oropher thanked Elbereth, Queen of Stars, for loose court robes. Ever since Amdir's sister had whispered her astounding proposition into his ear at dinner, he had been sporting a raging erection, and a king, even of a newly established realm such as The Great Greenwood, must preserve his dignity. "Are you certain that would be wise, Prestawen?" he had said, keeping his voice low so as not to be overheard over the sounds of the revelry. He had broken out the latest batch of fruit wine for his guests from Lorien, and this year's vintage proved especially potent. The company had swiftly grown merry to the point of raucousness. "Do you not fear a bond if you lie with me? Both of us have been married, after all." "That is the beauty of it," she whispered back. "I am long widowed and your wife is passed also. Neither of us can make a second bond -- unless you are foolish enough to recite a new vow, which I do not think you are." "Interesting, the way you think," Oropher murmured in reply. He had forgotten that Prestawen's husband, who perished when the sons of Feanor attacked Menegroth, had been a minor lore-master, skilled in the interpretation of old law. Evidently she had picked up some ideas over the pillow on those long ago nights in old Doriath. But leave it to Amdir's roguish sister to come up with such a thought! "You have, ah . . . tried this?" "Mmmm . . . once or twice, with no ill effects," she said with a wink. "But to find a widowed Elf-man who both appeals to me and returns my interest is not an opportunity that presents itself every day. And Amdir, or Malgalad as he has begun to insist upon everyone calling him, is so tiresome! He says that as the sister of the king I ought to behave myself. Imagine!" she said, putting her lips into a pout. "Yes, imagine," Oropher said dryly. It would seem his old friend had begun to have a care for the dignity of high office as well, even though he showed little evidence of it tonight. Amdir had spent the evening flirting with the serving maid who poured his wine, which had led to his consuming more of it than anyone else, and making off color remarks to all and sundry. He presently sat nodding in his chair, and Oropher had little fear of his overhearing the plot hatching between his old friend and his sister. "Don't be so faint-hearted," she teased. "Here we are, presented with a Belair-bestowed opportunity. You know, I always fancied you, Oro, back when we were growing up." Oropher raised an eyebrow. Fancied him? He remembered those long-ago days quite differently. Prestawen had always been quick to roll her eyes in scorn at her younger brother's shy best friend, telling him first that he smelled like a bed-wetter, and later like old parchment. He supposed he smelled like power now, which was always the best aphrodisiac. Perhaps it was the excess of wine, but Oropher began to find the lady's arguments most persuasive. He had loved his wife, and mourned her still, but a man grew lonely. To experience again the pleasures of a woman's flesh would be so sweet! His gweth , ever reckless, had already responded, charging ahead enthusiastically where his more logical brain lagged behind. At his other side, Amdir slowly toppled forward, and Oropher deftly moved a bowl of cherry soup out of the way before his friend could drown in his dessert. "Someone please see to the king of Lorien," he called loudly. Greenwood footmen and several of Amdir's retainers rushed in to help. "We can use this disturbance to slip away," Oropher whispered to Prestawen, as Amdir was helped to his feet and led from the hall. "Take him to his room, put him to bed and leave him a bucket," Oropher ordered. "I've seen him drunk enough times to know he will be well by morning." Seeming to follow his stricken guest, Oropher lagged behind as soon as they had left the hall, while Amdir and his attendants headed on toward the guest wing. He ducked into an alcove, pulling a giggling Prestawen to his chest. "Hush now, he whispered, waiting for the others to be out of sight and hearing. "Elbereth knows what they would think if you were seen going into my bedchamber." "Probably the truth," she snickered. Hand in hand, the two of them ran lightly down the corridor of the royal apartments and shut the door of his bedchamber behind them, giddy with laughter. Before he knew it, they were locked lip to lip. "Oh, how romantic -- crickets," she said, breaking away. "I love the sound of crickets on a summer night." Oropher cocked his head. Strange, he thought. He knew the sound of crickets well, and something seemed not quite right. "Now turn around, Oro, and don't peek," she said. "I will let you know when I'm in bed." Women, he thought! Who could understand their thinking? Here she was, about to lie with him in defiance of long custom, and she was shy about him seeing her naked. He wondered briefly if a night in her arms were worth all the trouble. He heard the rustle of garments slipping to the floor. Discreetly, he turned his head and caught a fleeting glimpse of pale bare bottom, illuminated by a shaft of moonlight coming in through the open window. It was a very nice bottom, and he decided that it was worth it, no matter what. His gweth concurred. "Ah ah ah -- naughty!" she admonished, catching him in his surreptitious scrutiny. Oropher quickly turned away and soon he heard the sound of her slipping in between his covers. "Now you." Oropher quickly shed his robe and the tunic beneath, tossing them over a nearby chair. "Shall I turn away for this part?" he teased. "Don't you dare!" she laughed. Her eyes widened as he dropped his trousers and stepped out of them. "Oh, my -- Tall Beech indeed! How is it that I never suspected what I have been missing all these years?" 'Too busy calling me a bed-wetter?' he thought, wisely keeping it to himself. Some triumphs were all the sweeter for the waiting. "What are you waiting for?" she said. "Come