Disclaimer: The world of Middle-earth and the characters belong to JRR Tolkien, and I am merely borrowing them for a short time. This story was written for my own enjoyment and, I hope, that of the readers. I am making no money from it. My thanks and gratitude go to my beta for this story, Lexin. The Gift When you are old and grey and full of sleep, And nodding by the fire, take down this book, And slowly read, and dream of the soft look Your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep; W. B. Yeats, from When You Are Old (1892) Part One: The Summons The courier from the western edge of the forest ran across the bridge, up to the stone gates and was granted immediate admittance. He made his way through twisting corridors of stone, not stopping to make himself presentable before seeking out the library, where he found the one he sought, deep in a book. "A rider from Imladris brought this to the Forest Gate three days ago, Prince Legolas," he said, holding out a letter bearing the seal of Lord Elrond himself. "He said it was for you and to waste no time in delivering it to your hand." Legolas took the parchment, broke the seal and frowned as he read. He folded the letter and stuffed it into his tunic as he rose and headed out the door. "Is there any answer, my Lord?" "No. Go have a hot meal, a bath and a night's rest. I will carry the answer myself." At the door he turned. "Before you take your ease, will you send a messenger to the stables and have my horse made ready? You have my thanks." His father was in his inner chamber, busy over some accounts, as Legolas had expected. Thranduil looked up with an expectant smile as his son entered. "My Lord Father, I ask your leave to ride to Rivendell immediately." Thranduil furrowed his brow. "By your face, my son, I fear this request is a mere formality. You have the look of one who will go with or without my consent." "Forgive me, Adar . I mean to go regardless. But I would go with a far less heavy heart if I had your blessing and your consent." "A heavy heart it looks to be indeed, my son," said Thranduil. The remnants of his smile faded to concern. " Havo dad , Legolas. At least take the time to tell me what was in that letter from Elrond that it should send you off so quickly during the month of Gwaeron , when you might still encounter snow in the pass." Legolas raised an eyebrow at the mention of the letter. "Do not be so surprised, my son. You have never been able to hide anything from me, and you never shall, no matter how hard you try. Especially when it happens in my own palace." He sighed. "Now, what is all this about?" "The package bore Lord Elrond's seal, and there was a note in it from him. But the letter was from the Lady Gilraen, daughter of Dírhael. She wishes my presence at the earliest opportunity." "The Lady Gilraen?" Thranduil ventured. "That would be the Dúnadan woman, the mother of your ranger friend." Legolas nodded. "And that would also be the woman I met when you and I last visited the house of Elrond thirteen years ago this past midsummer. The woman on whom your gaze fell constantly when you thought no one was watching, yet whose eyes you would not meet." Legolas let out an unhappy sound. "My son, every time you visit Imladris, you return with the weight of a hundred more winters in your eyes, and there is a sadness in you that grows. Is it any wonder I am reluctant to have you go there now? Can this not wait, at least until the spring?" "It cannot. The rider from Rivendell made it over the pass, and so should I, but if there is a snowfall, I will leave my horse with the Beornings and go on foot As for the hundred extra seasons, my shoulders will have to bear the weight, for I am going to Rivendell with or without your permission." Legolas paused, and his next words were a sigh of pain. " Ada , she is dying." ooo Part Two: Candor And bending down beside the glowing bars, Murmur a little sadly, how Love fled And paced upon the mountains overhead And hid his face amid a crowd of stars. W. B. Yeats, from When You Are Old (1892) Legolas galloped over the bridge at Rivendell and clattered into the courtyard. To his dismay, it was Elrond himself who came out to meet him. "We had not expected you to arrive so soon," said Elrond. "I almost wish you had taken your time, for she means not to take her leave until you are here." "Where is she?" Legolas said, forgetting courtesy. "She is in her quarters. You know the way well enough. I will leave you to it." Elrond made as if to turn away but then spoke again. "I am sorry, Legolas. This is a great sorrow to me as well." He knew the path to Gilraen's quarters well. He had taken it with Aragorn many a time during the past seventy years. He knocked at her door and entered. She was seated beside the window, but she rose when he came in. She was a hundred years old, but the blood of Númenor had not allowed the hand of time to be as cruel as it might otherwise have been. Her dark hair was shot with grey, and the slender body was a little stooped, but her face retained the grave beauty of her youth. She smiled. "Legolas, you are here." "I don't understand. They said . . . You said you were . . ." "I am, Legolas." "You do not look ill," he said. "You are as beautiful as the day I first set eyes on you." "I thought the eyes of the elves were keen," she said, gently chiding. " I am old, and I am weary. And yes, Legolas, I am ill. It is a secret malady. I will not trouble you with the details. Lord Elrond's leechcraft could keep me alive for a few more years, but to what purpose? I would be in great pain much of that time and wandering in my wits from his potions. Fortunately, I have enough of the blood of Númenor in my veins to choose the time and manner of my passing. And this, I mean to do." "Then stay but a little. I will seek out Aragorn, no matter where he is, and I will bring him back here to you." "Legolas, I have already said my farewells to my son. I see a time of darkness coming soon. Aragorn will prevail and reclaim his rightful heritage, or he will not. The world of men and elves will be preserved, or it will fail and pass into shadow. I have not the heart to see it through, for both roads are fraught with pain and sorrow for those who travel them. They are for the young or for those who are immortal. I am neither. I take comfort in the promise you made me all those long years ago. Whatever doom my son faces, he will have you, his friend, beside him." "And to that I hold," Legolas said softly. "You may regret that promise and find it bitter at the end," she said, turning from him. "This is why I called for you. I have yet another favor to ask, and you may like it even less. But first, let us sit and talk for a while. I am not such a churl that I would have you attend a deathbed immediately upon a hard ride from Mirkwood. And there are things that must be said between us." Her mention of a deathbed struck Legolas hard, and it was his turn to hide his face from her. He found himself staring at a newly completed tapestry on her wall, and he realized that for the first time in all the years he had known her, there was not another one in progress on her embroidery frame. "This is a new one," he said, trying to make pleasant conversation despite his distress. "It depicts the aftermath of the fall of Gondolin. Do you like it?" "I ever admire your needlework," he said earnestly, "but I think this is the very best. There is Glorfindel fighting the Balrog. And there is Laiqalassë of The House of the Tree leading the survivors to safety." He peered closer and drew his breath in sharply. "You have given him my face!" He whirled around to see her smiling slyly. "Glorfindel tells me that the features are not too dissimilar to the Laiqalassë of old. Do you mind?" "No, I . . . Thank you, Gilraen." He cleared his throat to regain his composure. "Of course, when it hangs in Elrond's chamber of memories with all the others, Elladan and Elrohir will tease me unmercifully." "I think this time they will not. If they do, you may tell them on my behalf to stop." She took her chair by the window, poured two glasses of wine and beckoned for Legolas to join her. After the first sip he said, "Can you not reconsider, Lady Gilraen? Stay yet to sew one more tapestry? You could depict brave Legolas of Mirkwood saving young Estel from a band of orcs." "I'm not supposed to know about that," she reminded him with a laugh. "I do not care. You can even do a portrait of elfling Legolas in his little coat of mithril, just as long as you stay to do it." Try as he might, he could not keep the note of distressed pleading out of his voice. She smiled sadly. "You elves are so silly. Elrond is taking this as badly as you are. You'd think the immortal First Born would have more sense when it comes to the plan of Ilúvatar. The Doom of Men is a gift. You Eldar are such brave warriors, yet you quail at the thought of an old woman dying peacefully in her bed. "Still," she continued, "there was one tapestry I should have liked to have done. It was a hard story to put into a picture, so perhaps I should tell it to you." "I would rather see it worked by your hand," he said. "Let me describe it and you can be the judge. It involves a woman who mourned a dead husband. He was her first love, and there would never be another like him in her eyes." Legolas took a sip of his wine and stared out the window. Snow was melting from a tree branch, and a slow, steady procession of drops fell from the tip of one leaf onto the moist ground. He watched as the droplets fell one by one, rolling down the slope toward the Bruinen. "In time this woman became aware that another young man had grown fond of her. He was very handsome, and he was very kind, and she knew that he could make her very happy for the rest of her days if she would only let him." More drops fell, in a hypnotic procession. Legolas was not sure he wanted to hear the rest of the story. "There was only one problem. She was of the Edain , and he was of the Eldar , who mate for life and eternity. She would grow old and die and join her true love, and he would be left alone to mourn until the breaking of the world. That was the choice before her. She could have happiness for herself, even bliss, but it would come at