Summary: Early autumn of the year 3018, Third Age. Legolas and Thranduil share a decanter of wine and some long-kept secrets. Drama; Angst. Rated PG-13 Disclaimer: This is a work of derivative fiction based on the characters and world of JRR Tolkien. I merely borrow them for a time, for my own enjoyment and, I hope, that of my readers. I am making no money from this endeavor. Beta reader for this story is IgnobleBard. Le hannon, mhellon! All That Is Gold 'And you, my father, there on the sad height, Curse, bless me now with your fierce tears, I pray . . .' Dylan Thomas "My prince, we must break off the hunt! We come too close to the dark tower; the orcs grow thick in these woods!" Legolas gave the warning of his one remaining companion no heed. His sharp eyes were alert to the smallest sign -- a broken twig, a footprint in the bare earth, a flattened spot in the leaves where their quarry had lain down to rest. He hurried on. "My Lord, please! It is too risky. We dare go no further!" These words came out in a desperate hiss, the voice kept low for safety in an area that was crawling with the minions of Dol Guldur. Legolas merely shook his head and bent again to examine the earth. They were so close now. He would not fail Aragorn, fail his father, fail them all by turning back. "For the love of Elbereth, Legolas! Kill yourself if you like, but do not take me with you! Haven't enough of us died because of that stinking gangrel creature?" The naked pleading in the elf's voice and the message finally hit home. If only Legolas could rid his mind of the image of Dúrven and Nírorn lying with their throats cut beneath the tree when he and the others had returned from a skirmish with a group of attacking orcs. He sank to his knees on the forest floor with a groan of frustration and punched the earth with his fist. He was silent for a time, until he could master himself. "Forgive me, Glavras. I was not thinking. But we cannot let this prisoner escape." "We have been trailing him, to no avail, for weeks, and we are almost to Amon Lanc as it is. If we go one step further we'll be taken, and the creature will be just as free, while Khamul has you to use as a pawn against your father. I would pray for myself to have an easy death in the Nazgul's dungeons rather than to have to return to Thranduil under those circumstances." Legolas sighed, unable to dispute Glavras's reasoning. "Very well. We head for home." As the two elves turned and began to creep back northward, Glavras muttered, "I knew Lord Celeborn and the White Council should have razed that tower when they had the chance . . ." o o o "I lost him." "I know." "And I managed to kill two of our guards in the process." "No, Legolas," Thranduil sighed, "orcs killed those guards. You merely thought to give a miserable wretch a few moments of respite from a joyless existence. It is obvious to me that this attack was planned to free the creature. If anyone is to blame, it is me for giving in to my guards' complaints that his stench was making the lower chambers intolerable. Or for promising your ranger friend that we would look after the nasty thing in the first place." Disheveled and tired from the long hunt, Legolas stood slumped in front of his father's desk. Thranduil looked careworn himself. "For pity's sake, my son, sit down! You look exhausted." Wearily, Legolas complied, dropping his body into a chair with an uncustomary lack of grace. "Elrond will have to be informed." "Yes, he will, and that will be an unenviable task for the one who does the informing." Legolas could only nod in agreement. "I cannot think that he will take it well." Legolas did not think that Aragorn would take the news well either, for he had gone to great effort to capture this Gollum creature. He sighed. "I suppose I will have to be the one to do it. I am the one who lost him, after all." Thranduil tensed, and a cloud came over his face. "As much as it pains me, I will have to agree. But it becomes more complicated, my son. I have just had an envoy from Imladris." In spite of his fatigue, Legolas perked up in interest. Thranduil shook his head. "Not now. I want you to have that wound seen to, take a bath and a hot meal, and then have a good night's rest. That is an order, Legolas. And tomorrow night, when you are well rested, we will meet here in my study. You and I need to have a talk." The next evening, when Legolas arrived in Thranduil's study, he was clean and well fed, but he could not claim to be rested. Try as he might to find repose, his sleep visions had been haunted by the dead faces of his soldiers, as he had found them beneath Gollum's empty tree. His father's study was dim, lit only by the fire in the grate. Thranduil sat with two full glasses of wine before him, his face ruddy from the firelight. The chess table, over which the two of them had fought many a battle, was closed for once. Thranduil shook his head. "No games between us tonight, Legolas. Sit." Without a word, Legolas complied. He cast a pointed look at Thranduil's wine decanter, a lovely piece of work of chased silver, executed by the Elvenking's own silversmiths. The decanter was Thranduil's largest, brought out only on special occasions when a great deal of wine was needed. "Fuel for truth," Thranduil said tersely. "There is much that needs to be said tonight, and the words do not come easily to me." Legolas took up his goblet and drank. It was Dorwinion. Legolas had to agree with his father -- if one were to drink red wine, this vintage was the best. Much of it had been drunk in the last decades; many barrels had gone empty down to the lake. He stayed silent, knowing that in such a pensive mood it was best to let Thranduil speak in his own good time. A log in the grate popped and hissed. "A courier from Imladris arrived five days ago," Thranduil began finally. Legolas noted that his father's speech, usually the precise clipped cadence of old Doriath taught to him by Oropher, had softened into the gentler Silvan lilt so like his own and Galion's. This happened when Thranduil had been drinking; the only sign that he was in his cups, and Legolas wondered just how many glasses his father had downed before he arrived. "Elrond is calling a council of all free folk." "Does he say why he summons this council?" Thranduil shook his head. "No, but I fear that I know the reason. Elrond forgets -- or perhaps he remembers all too well -- that I was there." Legolas raised an eyebrow in question, but Thranduil seemed not to notice. "It was in this season of the year, so long ago. I was but a short time returned from Mordor, and enjoying a well-deserved reunion with your mother when the messenger came. Isildur's army, marching north to the Cirith Forn en Andrath on their way to Imladris, had been ambushed by orcs from the Misty Mountains at the fields of the Gladden and were sorely beset. I'd had my fill of fighting. The very last thing I wanted to do was to lead warriors forth yet again, but I had no choice. "It was not so long a journey as it would be now, for in those days we still dwelt to the south of here, in the Emyn Duir, but as quickly as I came, it was too late. Only one we found, alive under the bodies of the fallen. All that is known of the end of Isildur comes from this young esquire." It seemed to Legolas that his father's face had fallen into shadow. "Isildur died three thousand years ago. Why should his fate trouble you or me?" "Aye -- for an entire Age have my father, Elendil, Ereinion, and Isildur been dust. And yet now Isildur's heir is your sworn friend. There were things left undone and opportunities missed. Old debts come due, and they may have to be paid by the next generation. Isildur's bane will be mine as well, I fear." Thranduil sighed and sipped his wine. Legolas kept his peace. In his darker moods, his father could be frustratingly obscure. But the Dorwinion would change that soon enough. "Of late, my sleep has been disturbed," Thranduil continued. "My dreams and visions are such that I prefer wakefulness. Over these past months I have wandered the palace at night, and most often my footsteps took me to the lower chambers where the prisoner was kept close. I sat with him." "With Gollum?" Legolas was amazed. How had his father endured the stench, much less the steady stream of disjointed foulness that issued from the creature's mouth? "Yes, Gollum, it called itself. But his name, I learned, was Smeagol. He talked. I listened." Legolas would frankly have preferred nightmares to listening to the wretch's obscene discourse through the night. He had been forced to hear enough of it in the daytime. "I imagine you found little comfort in its company." Thranduil laughed mirthlessly. "Very little indeed. Amid his ramblings about murder, thieves and torture, I learned that he had been of the River Folk; the halflings who dwelt along the Anduin, below the Gladden Fields." Halfling? Legolas had seen only one hobbit, but this Gollum was nothing like Bilbo Baggins. "Father, there are no folk living along the Anduin in that area." "No," said Thranduil. "Not now. Over five hundred times have the leaves fallen in these woods since the Enemy returned to the Dark Tower and drove all decent folk from the land, and yet it seems but a short time to me." He sighed and held his hand up to the firelight. "I have lived long, Legolas and seen much. I grow old, I fear, and it is the wont of the old to find trouble where it perhaps does not exist. And yet my heart is uneasy." These words took Legolas by surprise. He had never thought of his father as old; never stopped to ponder the long ages of his life. To him, Thranduil had always been the personification of vigor and indomitable strength. "You old, Adar ? I shall not live so long as to see that day!" He heard Thranduil draw in a sharp breath, and the wine in his goblet sloshed, casting a dancing pool of light on the ceiling. "Did you give Elrond's courier an answer?" Legolas continued. Thranduil shook his head. "None was needed, and he had proceeded on to Dale and the Lonely Mountain ere your return from the southern wood. He will come there too late, I deem, for Dain had already petitioned me, and I had granted, safe passage through the wood for a party of Naugrim on their way to Imladris. He did not say why they wished to go there, but I had an idea of their business. Brand of Dale has informed me in secret that both he and Dain's folk have been under some . . . pressure from men of the east to swear friendship, if not outright fealty." Legolas almost hesitated to ask. "Has our realm been approached as well?" Thranduil laughed bitterly, and the reflected firelight glittered in his teeth and eyes. "They know better than to try." "You granted passage through our woods? To Dwarves?" "And why ever not? All