In the aftermath of Oropher's death at the Dagorlad, Thranduil takes a desperate gamble to prevent further loss of Great Greenwood's troops. Thranduil, Galion, Original characters. Drama/Angst. Rated T for battle scenes. Disclaimer: This is a work of derivative fiction based on the characters and world of JRR Tolkien. I merely borrow them for a time, for my own enjoyment and, I hope, that of my readers. I am making no money from this endeavor. Beta reader for this story is IgnobleBard. Nightfall Chapter One: A Terrible Beauty "In the casual comedy; He too has been changed in his turn, Transformed utterly: A terrible beauty is born." William Butler Yeats, 'Easter 1916' "I must say, Sire, you are the prettiest orc I have ever seen." "Shut up, Galion, and pass the burnt cork." Thranduil stuck his hand out impatiently, palm up. "And do not think you can mock me and trick me into overlooking it merely by tacking a 'Sire' or two onto your cheeky words." Galion did as he was told and handed over the charred cork, suppressing the impulse to scratch. The orcish armor he wore stank of its late owner and he feared it harbored vermin. Over the ennin , he had become accustomed to the daft ideas of his prince -- no, his king, he reminded himself -- but this had to be the daftest of them all. Although he had been ruler of the Greenwood Realm for less than a month, Thranduil seemed to be bent on giving Oropher a run for his money in the mental instability department. "You missed a spot," Galion muttered. "Thank you, Galion," Thranduil said sweetly. A sly smile quirked his lips. "And may I say, you make a rather fetching orc yourself." Galion made a wry face. "If either of us gets fleas -- or, Elbereth forbid, lice -- from this orcish gear, I refuse to be held accountable." Even as he grumbled, Galion's heart lifted to see signs of humor returning to his master. For the first fortnight following Oropher's death in battle, Thranduil had functioned in a state of stunned misery, doing what must be done, fulfilling the role of Greenwood's king, but the easy-hearted prince of the past age had been gone utterly, and Galion had feared for a time that his friend would never return. Even if the current conversation veered into dangerous territory, it was good to see a smile on Thranduil's face once more. "I'm serious, my Lord. If that happens, you are shaving yourself. I flatly refuse to do it for you, valet or no." "I will bear that in mind, Galion," Thranduil said, putting the final touches of cork to the backs of his hands. "I've no great wish to allow a razor near my gweth , unless it is my own hand wielding it." He set the cork down and spun around on his low stool, his face turning serious again. "There is still time for you to back out, you know. I want no one with me tomorrow but those who come of their own free will." "And let my Prince go into battle without his long-time esquire at his side? Not cursed likely! Ah, . . . Sire." How hard it still was to remember he spoke to his monarch rather than his cradle-brother and that the easy camaraderie between the two of them was a thing of the past. "Besides, how would I ever explain to Nana if I let you go off and get yourself killed in some mad scheme? Better you should take me with you." "Good point, Galion," said Thranduil wryly. "Although I think she would forgive you. She always liked you best." Then he sighed, his face turning somber again in the flickering glow of the lantern that lit the sleeping section of the King's pavilion. "Always, I lead, and always, you follow, but this time it is more than into harmless mischief. I know you think me mad." "Do you wish me to give the politic reply, Sire? Or do you want the honest one, Thranduil?" "Save your breath. I know both answers." Thranduil shook his head. "Two out of three of us are dead already, Galion. We cannot afford to lose any more men -- not and have a realm left. Just this one small task for us on the part of a few volunteers, and the troops of Greenwood the Great will be used henceforth as archers. No more will we be asked to serve in the front lines. Ereinion and Elendil have agreed to this, provided we help take the gate on the morrow. Consider this my first successful negotiation as king of this realm. Adar never gave me full credit for it, but I do know how to cut a deal, you know." "That you do, Sire. I merely wonder why the 'small task' must be performed by you personally." "Because I am my father's son, Galion. I will not ask anyone to do what I dare not myself." Galion bit his lip and forbore to point out that Oropher had indeed just done himself what he asked of his own soldiers, leading two thirds of them straight to the fabled Halls of Mandos. Galion bore Greenwood's late king a grudging respect; always had, but he wished that in this regard the son would not emulate his father. "What good will it do us if you are killed, Sire?" "If I fall, Séregon is under orders to take the remainder of my army and march for home. Gil-galad knows this and has agreed to it as well. Those men, at least, will return alive to their families, and you Laegrim can carry on as you would have done before Adar and I arrived. Consider it good while it lasted, Galion." "We Laegrim ? There is no 'we' about it, Sire. Whatever your fate tomorrow, I will share it, Grey-elf or Green." "Then I shall have to see to it that we all survive, won't I?" Thranduil sighed. "If my father taught me nothing else, he taught me that a king serves for the good of his people and not his own glory." "Taught?" Galion muttered. "Do you ever wonder, my Lord, if all those old tales Master Istion taught the two of us were true? Powerful beings in the West? A lord of the dead with vast halls, and a lady who weaves our fates into her tapestries? Vah-yee-ray, was it?" "Doubt is an odd sentiment to be expressing on the eve of a battle, Galion." "Possibly, Sire, but of the two of us I am the superstitious Green-elf, after all. Shall I be rehearsing my speech to this Námo? I have a few sins to confess." Thranduil gave him a long look, then shook his head and shrugged. "In the past weeks, the idea that those who fall will be granted rest and renewed life has been a comfort to me. And yet, at other times it seems that these Belair use us for their playthings. Out of the western sea comes Lord Elendil, claiming to be long-descended kin of Elrond Peredhel as in the old tales, and telling us that his land is no more -- sunk beneath the waves in retribution for disobedience. Who else could have done it? Who is it that we fight now, other than one of those Rodyn turned to evil? All you and I can do is to trust to hope . . . and to ignore the fear." "Very well, Sire," said Galion, proffering a leather orc helm and keeping the other for himself. "I shall follow your lead." Thranduil took the helmet, taking a careful sniff and making a face as he put it on his head, obscuring his face and bright hair. "I hope you were wrong about the lice. And Galion, when we are alone, I wish you would call me Thranduil. Of all the things I have lost in the past weeks, I think I miss my given name the most." oOo "My, my, will you look at the orcs!" The tall, dark-haired Golodh rose from his seat at the fire, where he and his two fellow guards kept the night watch. "It's a good thing the Captain warned us to be on the lookout for orcs heading out of the camp tonight, rather than into it. Otherwise we might have shot you. You lot all look so very convincing. Whose idea was this, anyway?" "Mine, of course," said Thranduil, his tone outwardly affable, although Galion, with a wariness born of long familiarity with his royal master, poised himself for trouble. "I grew tired of waiting for your High King to emulate his august forbear, the noble Fingolfin, and go up and knock on the gate to call Lord Sauron out to single combat. I cannot imagine how he failed to think of it. At length, I decided to adopt the strategy of another famous Golodh , and find our way in by stealth and disguise. I am certain you wish us luck in this endeavor." He nodded curtly and made as if to continue on to the south. "Well, you have the hair to imitate Finrod Felagund, I'll give you that. Dressing up like orcs to sneak in -- now, that is a fitting tactic for a son of Oropher Turn-tail." 'Oh, nuath! ' Galion thought as he saw Thranduil freeze in his tracks and turn slowly back to face the Golodhren guard. Beside him, Galion saw the other five men of Thranduil's escort pale behind their orc gear. One or two of them winced and muttered nervously. A few paces back, Magorion, Thranduil's new chief general, hurried his own group of seven forward. "Galion, will you hold my helm for me? And my bow?" said Thranduil calmly, flashing a subtle hand signal to Magorion to stand back. Galion saw the general's hand leave his sword hilt, although it still hovered close. "Someday, you and I are going to have to have a lengthy discussion about courtesy," Thranduil said, looking the Golodh in the eye. "Oropher Turn-tail indeed. I heard that name whispered among you as my father and I rode in. I knew that my father heard it too, and I saw it sting him to the quick. Perhaps he might have been more temperate in his actions without the taunts of the likes of you, but we shall never know that now, shall we?" Thranduil paused for breath and stepped forward until he stood almost chest to chest with the other elf. "My father was no coward, 'Noldo,' " he said, giving the Quenya term for 'wise-elf' a particular ironic emphasis. "Neither am I. But the hours of darkness grow short, and I will not allow you to goad me into unwisdom when I have a job to do. In that, I am not my father's son. We will finish this when I return -- if I return. Best pray to your 'Valar' that I do not, for as I told Ereinion's herald, I have not the age and wisdom of most of you, but I have a very long memory." Thranduil turned back. "My helm, please, Galion," he said. He covered his head again and motioned his men onward. Galion waited until they were out of earshot before giving his king a careful sidelong glance. Thranduil shrugged. "If ever I needed the fire of battle to flow into my veins, that just did it. I feel like killing some orcs now." Thranduil looked off to the south across the empty wastes of the Battle Plain. The Morannon could be seen only as a black mass stretching across the Cirith Gorgor, blocking the ever-present reddish glow of Mordor itself. High rocky hills rose to either side, broken by tiny points of firelight from the maggot holes that riddled them. "Magorion and his group will head to the western side of the gate,"