Disclaimer: This is a work of derivative fiction based on the characters and world of JRR Tolkien. I merely borrow them for a time, for my own enjoyment and, I hope, that of my readers. I am making no money from this endeavor. Part One: Love Comes In At the Eye Splat. Legolas felt the impact and saw a spreading purple stain on the white fabric of his sleeve. He muttered an obscure Silvan word for feces, barely audible even to his own ears above the roar of the South Fork of the Bruinen. This, being said by an elf, might have been a simple statement of fact. However, under these particular circumstances, it was more like an expletive. This was not his first visit to Imladris. He had accompanied his elders on envoys to the house of Elrond many times before and was well known to the folk there. However, this was the first time he had come alone and on his own business. Always, Legolas had been in awe of the cultured atmosphere of Rivendell and its peredhel lord, and he was painfully aware of what might be perceived as his own inexperience in diplomatic matters. It simply would not do for him to appear before Master Elrond as a Silvan rustic decked in bird droppings. To his further annoyance, he took a second hit, this time on the knee of his trousers, and immediately after, another large purple stain appeared on the neck of his grey horse. The animal began to dance sideways, more in response to the mood of its rider than from any fright at being struck, and Legolas heard laughter. This was no bird. Birds do not fire from the side, nor do they take amusement in their handiwork. He turned to see a small boy crouched at the edge of the river with a fistful of ripe berries in his hand. Another berry caught Legolas dead between the eyes. "Why, you little runagate, do you think that is funny? Is this the way the elves of Rivendell teach their children to welcome visitors?" He slid off his horse and stormed down the riverbank. At the sight of the charging elf, the smile faded from the child's face, and he took a step back, tossing the remainder of his berries into the river. "Look out, you little fool, those rocks are slippery, " Legolas warned. Too late to heed, the boy lost his footing and fell into the water. Legolas gritted his teeth and was tempted to curse again. He had half a mind to let the brat find his own way out of the river, but the current was swift and it was not in the nature of any of the First Born to risk harm to a child. He quickly shed his cloak and quiver and dove in after the boy. The chill waters of the Bruinen, born from the meltwater of the glacier on the far mountains above the Valley, cut him like a knife, despite the warmth of the summer day. He gasped from the shock. The treacherous currents threw him more than once against sharp rocks and nearly sucked him under, as he and the boy were swept downstream. Grabbing the boy by the collar, he swam to the bank. Exhausted, cold and gulping in air, they lay on the rocky shore. The boy's dripping mop of dark hair no longer obscured his ears. "You are no child of the First Born!" Legolas exclaimed. "What are you doing among the folk at Rivendell?" "I live there, of course," the boy replied, unchastened by his near drowning in the cold water. "With your parents?" Legolas asked, his curiosity piqued by mention of Edain living at the House of Elrond. "With my mother. My father is dead. They tell me he was killed by orcs, and little else. I don't remember him at all." "Well, that would account for your lack of manners," he grumbled. "A father would have taken you in hand before now." "Do you have a father?" the boy responded boldly. "Indeed, I do have a father. One who taught me not to throw berries at strangers. But this is none of your concern, young . . .?" "Estel," the boy answered. "They call me Estel." "Estel," said Legolas. "In that case, I 'hope' you will give me no further trouble as I return you to Elrond's house and to your mother." He stalked back upstream to where his horse stood waiting, retrieved his weapons and cloak, and threw them over the front of his saddle. He mounted and reached down for the boy. "Come, get up behind me." "I'm all wet. Aren't you afraid I'll spoil your fine saddle blanket?" Legolas merely looked down in disgust at his dripping garments and the spreading wet stain on his saddle. "You might as well make it a clean sweep." He jerked his head in a backward gesture that left no room for refusal and kept his hand out. The boy took it and swung up. Soon, the soggy pair were cantering over the bridge into Rivendell. Legolas stared straight ahead, ignoring the barely suppressed grin of the sentry and the tinkling female laughter that drifted from a gallery overlooking the courtyard. This was hardly the dignified arrival he had hoped for. He was met in the courtyard by a black-haired elf who was, to his relief, well known to him. "Welcome, Legolas of Mirkwood, son of Thranduil," said his host with exaggerated courtesy. " Mae govannen , Elladan, son of Elrond of Imladris" Legolas replied, with equal gravity. With the formalities out of the way, Elladan's amusement seemed to get the better of him. He stepped back as if to take in the full effect, and Legolas realized he must look a sight, with hair ends dripping, soaked garments, telltale purple stains on horse and clothing, and the lad peeking out from behind his back. "You look terrible. I see you've met Estel. What has he done this time?" Legolas smiled weakly in response. Before he could say anything, a woman appeared from a doorway. Like the boy, she was dark haired, and she seemed to be little more than a girl herself. Her face bore a look of concern that turned into fright when she saw the boy. "Estel, what happened?" "I fell in the river, Mama. He pulled me out." Hopping down from the horse, he ran to her as if he had not a care in the world, leaving Legolas to dismount more slowly, unable to tear his eyes away from the woman. "Legolas? Are you unwell? You seem a bit distracted." Elladan's voice brought him around and reminded him to breathe as the woman ushered her son off with a brief backward glance of relief and gratitude. "Who was that lady?" Legolas asked softly, embarrassed to have been caught gaping at a woman in the public courtyard as if he were an infatuated Elven-youth of forty-nine rather than a nominally dignified prince of the House of Oropher. "She is exquisite -- as beautiful as any elleth ." "She should be, " Elladan replied. "She is kin. All the Dúnedain are, but this lady more than most." "Dúnedain?" said Legolas, thunderstruck, oblivious to the groom that came to claim his horse and lead it off to the stables. "Yes. The Lady Gilraen is the widow of a Dúnadan chieftain, and that boy is her son. Legolas, my young friend, you have no idea whom you just fished out of the waters of the Bruinen, have you? I imagine you will be quite the hero with my father when he finds out you saved our young Hope." Dúnadan chieftan? Hope? "Oh . . . Oh my!" said Legolas, suddenly understanding Elladan's cryptic words. "Then, pray tell, why is the child left to run free like some ill-bred orc?" "He does not know who he is. He will be told of his lineage in time." "I suppose there is a kind of wisdom in that," Legolas said, as he followed his host up a path to one of the main buildings. "He already seems to think quite highly of himself, without knowing that he is descended from kings." Elladan laughed. "He has a spirit, that one. I pity the man or elf that would try to quench it. He will need every bit of that fire before the end comes. For now, we let him enjoy what childhood he can. This is my father's decree and that of Mithrandir." "Wizards," Legolas snorted. "Then who are you and I to question? I warn you, though, Elladan, you may think he is adorable now, but wait until he grows up and starts lording it over you. You will not find it so amusing then." They had arrived at a wing of guest chambers. "My father has been informed of your arrival, and he wishes to speak with you as soon as possible. I don't suppose you brought a change of clothing with you?" Legolas sighed. "No, Elladan, I did not. I did not expect to stay long, and the swim came as a complete surprise. You can be sure I will remedy that oversight in the future, especially with your young fosterling in residence." "I will lend you some of my garments, and I'll see if the grooms can get the berry stains off your horse. I fear the shirt is a dead loss. Oh, and one more thing . . . Legolas, would you like some towels?" o o o Legolas had just finished changing into dry trousers and shirt when a familiar head popped into view over his windowsill, followed quickly by the rest of the boy. Legolas stifled a groan. "Mind that you do not knock my clothes off the railing. I need them dry for tomorrow." "What are you doing?" Estel enquired brightly. "At the moment," Legolas replied, "I am drying my hair. You see, I went into the river and got wet, and I cannot go before Master Elrond with it dripping, now can I? Especially not all over this fine borrowed velvet jacket of Elladan's." "That belongs to Elrohir." said the boy matter-of-factly. "See, it has the blue embroidery around the collar. Elladan wears green. Everyone knows that." "Is that their fashion now?" said Legolas evenly. "Then, when I see Elrohir I shall be sure to thank him for the generosity of his brother." After several centuries of the twins' 'unique' sense of humor, the pranks barely registered anymore. No doubt this was where Estel had learned that throwing things at guests was funny. The child-rearing theories at Rivendell were strange by Mirkwood standards, or so Legolas thought. He bent forward from the waist and toweled off his hair. Shaking it out, he ran a comb through it and began to rebraid it. Estel wandered over to Legolas's bow and quiver and began to examine the matched bone handled knives, earning himself a scowl. "Why do you knot your side hair that way? The men here at Rivendell don't do that." "It is to keep it out of my face when I am fighting. If you had ever caught your hair in your own bowstring you would understand the wisdom in this." The boys ears seemed to prick up at the mention of combat. "Do you fight?" "Only when I have to." "Do you fight orcs?" "Again, only when I must." At this, Estel looked disappointed. "I hate orcs. If I were big like you, or like Elladan and Elrohir, I would fight them every chance I got." "I am not exactly fond of orcs myself. And no, you would not. Fighting orcs is nowhere near as enjoyable as you seem to think." "When you're done knotting your hair, are you going to shave your face?" the boy asked brightly. Legolas looked surprised. "Of course not. Why would I have a need to shave?"