Happy Birthday Lord Black Chief Ragnok: 'Good afternoon Harry, how do you feel? Harry opened his eyes slowly and looked around the office. He felt strangely comfortable where he was, except for a small headache. Harry: 'I am feeling quite alight Sir, except for a minor headache. Chief Ragnok: 'That will be expected at this point. Tell me Harry, what is the motto of the Noble and Ancient house of Black? Harry: "Always Pure. Chief Ragnok: 'That is correct. In that case, Happy birthday Lord Black, I hope you have many fruitful days ahead of you. Harry: 'Thank you for the well wishes Chief Ragnok; I hope we have many of those days together. Chief Ragnok: 'As do I me Lord. As for now, we still have quite a day ahead. We are now at the point in the Inheritance ritual where you inherit any dormant knowledge left for the Heir in the rings you have inherited. As far as I can figure it out, you have recently inherited the Black Heir Apparent ring's knowledge, which gave you a little more than basic knowledge of the family. We sit now with the opportunity to move you to the Inheritance Time Chamber , where you will enter alone and basically be frozen in time while you learn all the ring has to offer you. It will become sentient in a way and be your teacher for as long as you need it. In the chamber time does not exist, you will not grow tired, hungry or older. There will be enough to do in the time you spend there to render boredom absolute. It is up to you and the pace you set for yourself in how long your will remain in the chamber. Harry: 'Then let us be at it. I feel that it is imperative that I get this done as soon as possible. I cannot truly explain it, but I feel as if we are working against an invisible clock. Chief Ragnok: I will ready the chamber post haste. At this time my only aid to you will be in the form of rare books we as the Goblin nation hold the only copies of. Titles such as Art of War, Art of the Economy, Ways to Hail a King, Settlements through the Ages, True history of Hogwarts and the Founders, Creation of the Wizigamont and The Elite Families are just a few of the books I will be sending into the Chamber with you to learn from. You might be frozen in one section of time, but the Chamber holds an ability to allow you to ask for any document to enter your space at any moment. The Chamber's magic will then "SEEK" the document or book and enter it into your space immediately. To the waking world you will simply enter one door and exit the other a few minutes later. Harry: 'That sounds like an amazing adventure to me, rather than the learning quest it is meant to be. Once again Chief Ragnok, I find myself without words to thank you for all you have done for me up to this point. My life stands at a changing point from where it can never return to where it once was. Chief Ragnok: 'The pleasure of the adventure you claim is all mine, Harry. Your new life is changing our world just as much as it is changing yours. Harry nodded his head in acceptance before he got up from the cot and followed Chief Ragnok to the Inheritance Time Chamber. They walked for about 13 minutes when they eventually rounder a corner and came face to face with a rather massive dragon guarding a beautiful ornate door. Chief Ragnok: 'I have the means to get past this dragon Harry; she will not harm us as long as we stand still where we are or move back to where we came from. I tell you this as this is a perfect opportunity for you to experiment with your Parcel ability, your ability to communicate with reptiles. Harry: 'I see your point Chief Ragnok. Now is as good as any other time. CONVERSATION BETWEEN HARRY AND BASTEN Harry: Good day to you great Lady, may I ask what is your name? Basten: A speaker? Here? I have heard rumours of the return of a mighty speaker, but never thought I would be the one to meet you first. My name is Basten, speaker, what is your name? Here the dragon turner her massive head in Harry's direction to have a better look at him. Harry bowed at his waist and answered in an even voice. Harry: My name is Harry; I came to your domain with the assistance of Chief Ragnok, to enter the Inheritance Chamber. I find myself in possession of three Lordship rings and one of them has begun to impart its knowledge on me. Would you please allow me to enter the Chamber and learn that which is offered to me? Basten: "For a speaker I would fly to the moon and back! Your friend the Chief has always been honourable towards me and my kin. We lack for nothing in their service. Tell him this and I will let you pass. Along with whatever you take with you, I will donate a Memory scale form our kind to you. You will need it to become the current Speaker. Once you have reached the level of Lord Speaker, no other minor speakers will have sway on our kind. Harry nodded his head and turned towards Chief Ragnok. END CONVERSATION BETWEEN HARRY AND BASTEN Harry: 'The Lady Basten wishes for me to thank you and your nation for caring so well for her and her kind. She says you have always been honourable to them. She will allow me to pass and enter the Chamber and will also donate a Memory Scale from her kind to enter with me. It will bring me to the level of Lord Speaker and render all other minor speakers powerless to the reptile kind. Chief Ragnok: 'That is a massive honour Harry! It is only the second time I've ever heard or read of it happening, the first time being to Lord Slytherin back in the days of the Founders. He was granted Lord Speaker by Basten's Mother in these very Chambers, back then we were merely known as the Goblin Bank of the Main Isles. She then gifted him with the egg of a Basilisk. Harry: 'Then I will accept it in the spirit of the offer it is. Is the Chamber ready for me to enter now Chief Ragnok? Chief Ragnok: 'It is as ready as it will ever be. Good luck Harry and see you in a few minutes. Harry nodded his head and turned towards Basten. Harry: 'I am ready great Lady. Basten nodded her head and bit into one of her shoulder scales. When she looked back to Harry she held one perfect scale between her teeth to him. Harry took the scale, which was the size of a big dinner plate, in his hands and walked to the open door behind Basten's back. He entered the Chamber and closed the door. Darkness gave way to a massive library, filled with all shapes and sizes of books, scrolls, paintings and memory scales. A smile crept its way onto Harry's face as he walked deeper into the library. " OH WHAT A KING I WILL BE!" Knowledge is power and powerful knowledge makes you King. I agree with your thoughts Harry, having the best knowledge leads one to be the best they can be. Who are you? Well you could say I am the ring on your finger, but that would be a silly name for me, heavens know my mother slandered me with a terrible enough name as it is. So let's just call me George, okay? Sure, hi George, how are you today? Well, thank you for asking Harry, I am doing pretty good thank you. And by the way, Happy Birthday Lord Potter/Black/Ravenclaw. Wow and I thought my name was bad. Hahahahahahahahaha! Yeah, that one kind of jumped on me. I woke up this morning being plain old Harry Potter, and ending up with three lordships before breakfast was served. Yeah, that can seriously screw up somebody's day. Anyway, let's get started on the good stuff shall we? History! You have a serious malfunctioning in your mind if you think history is the good stuff. Well it depends on whose history you refer to now, doesn't it? That could be true I guess. So? Whose history were you referring to then? MINE. Ok, for this I am going to need your real name. I rather believe there is no history written anywhere about a man named George Black. No matter how famous or infamous you were! Quite right you are dear Harry. For this lesson we will refer to my born name of Lord Arcticus Aurus Black, first born son of Lord Archibald Orion and Lady Brumhilde Sinistra Black, born in the year of our King Louise the 3 rd and the creator of the ring you wear on your finger. All Blacks before my parents do not count as they did not have the intellect to add their knowledge to something for their offspring. Even my parents gave some of their knowledge to create this ring. I get your meaning of having a name that fills the whole mouth! Okay, so I guess the first lesson there was that you were the creator of the Family Ring. I guess that is a massive piece of information to have in case somebody tries to be a smart ass about the fact that I am wearing it. Even if you knew nothing of this Harry, ONLY the current Heir or Heir Apparent AND the current Account Manager or the Chief of the Bank will be able to even touch the ring, let alone wear it! And yes you are right in assuming that the first lesson is that I was the creator of the ring. The aim of these lessons is for you to be sharp enough of mind to decipher hidden clues in an everyday conversation. Small thing like a "TRIGGER WORD" will be entered into our natural conversations at which point everything that is said after it will have highly sensitive information or no meaning what so ever to the whole meeting, meaning the meeting is a waste of time and we should move on to a new venture. That sound like a nifty ability to have. Trust me Harry, you have no idea how boring some people can get. Anyway, back to my history. King Louis the 3 rd ruled as King of West Francia from 879 until his death in 882. You have to remember Harry, those were dark days for some and the best time of their lives for others, it all depended on which side of the slice of bread you grew up in. Lucky for me, our family were considered part royalty for the abilities my family had in the economy. Our "OTHER" trades were just as well known around the world and our Family fortune knew no ends. I was born into the hands of a well-known magical mid wife by the name of Gerda. She cleaned me and smacked my ass before she handed me over to my mother's waiting arms. Her departing words will forever be part of our family's motto. ALWAYS PURE Now the thing to see and understand here is that being "PURE" does not always hold sway to one's blood or status. In our case ALWAYS PURE refers to the state of your magic. You can be the bastard off spring between a Forest Fawn and a bloody Banshee for all we care, as long as you use the magic you were born with the way it was supposed to