Maidens of Arda By Manwathiel Themed from Teitho's July 2007 contest "Maidens of Middle Earth." Characters: Legolas, Elladan, Elrohir, Ellethana, Miriel, Arwen, Celebrian, Elrond, Thranduil, Glorfindel, Laurelin Disclaimer: The only characters I own are Miriel, her brothers (not Legolas), Ellethana, Finna, and Ellie's parents; all the others belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. Summery: Ellethana is visiting Mirkwood for the first time and meets Legolas and his younger sister Miriel. This is just after Legolas and Miriel's mother's death. Ellie is about eleven (human years), and she and Arwen do not get along very well. Elvish: Ada - father Ammë / Naneth – mother Mellon-nin – my friend Mellon – friend Saluid – greetings Mae govannen – well met Im naer – I'm sorry Goheno nin – forgive me Hannon le – thank you Ion-nin – my son Le melon - I love you Chapter 1: Welcome to Mirkwood "Legolas! I'm bored. What should I do?" Legolas rolled his eyes. Why did his sister always ask him? "I don't know what you should do. Go ask Ada!" he told her. "Fine! I will. Or maybe I'll ask Naneth!" Her brother gasped. She stuck her tongue out at him. "And I'll tell Ada you aren't being helpful!" the Princess added as she pranced out of his room, grinning. "Little sisters!" the Prince muttered under his breath. "Why did I have to be stuck with Miriel?" "What did you say, mellon-nin?" Legolas turned around to find Elladan, or was it Elrohir? He still could not tell the twin sons of Elrond apart, even after many years of knowing them. "I didn't say anything," Legolas lied. Why was he lying to his best friends? They had a younger sister, but they did not seem to mind her. "But why are you here?" he asked, conveniently changing the subject. "You forgot, Legolas? That doesn't sound like you," Elrohir said. "Yeah. Your Ada invited our Ada for a visit. It has been a long time since Ada has been here," Elladan added. "Oops. I guess I did forget," Legolas said, blushing a little bit. "I've just been really busy with everything else going on. Maybe Miriel won't bother me since Arwen is here," he muttered to himself, putting his fingers up to his mouth. "Legolas, are you nibbling your nails again?" Elrohir asked. He laughed as the blond elf quickly pulled his fingers out of his mouth and gave a sheepish smile. "I do it sometimes when I get really nervous or stress out," Legolas replied. "Sorry," he added, once more subconsciously putting his hand up to his mouth. "Legolas! You're doing again!" Elladan shouted. He jumped up and grabbed his friend's wrist, pulling it away from his mouth. "Shhh!" Legolas replied, putting a finger to his lips. "Ada gets really mad if we shout inside." "Ada does that at home too," Elladan said. "Let's do something," Elrohir said. He wanted to get Legolas's mind off his nails. "Let's go out to the practice fields." Both the other boys nodded, and soon all three of them were on their way. "Ada! Is there anything I can do?" "Miriel," her father said sternly. "First, we do no shout inside. Second, I want you to greet our guests. Have you seen your brother?" "No, Ada. I haven't seen him. The last time I did see him, he was in his room," Miriel replied as she curtsied to Lord Elrond and his family (his wife Celebrían, sons Elladan and Elrohir, daughter Arwen, Glorfindel, and Erestor). She looked around for her friend Arwen, but had no luck in her search. "Lord Elrond," she asked, "is your daughter with you?" "Yes, she is," the wise Elven Lord replied. "I do not know where she went," he added, looking around. Just then, Arwen stepped forward. "Saluid, mellon-nin. It has been a long time," Arwen said. Miriel nodded, anxious to get off and do something with her friend. Arwen looked at her father, who nodded. "Ellethana," Elrond whispered. "It is fine." Glorfindel turned around and put his hand on a young girl's shoulder. "Ellethana," he said quietly, speaking in Silvan, "it's alright. They will not hurt you." The girl shook her head. She was not ready to do this. "Arwen, you go on. I will find you later," she said softly, gently blinking back her tears. She gave her cousin a small smiled. Arwen nodded and practically dragged Miriel away, rolling her eyes at the same time. She did not know if Ellie would come at all, but she really did not care. They did not get along very well. Ellie really did want to go with the other girls, but she was not ready to do it yet. She looked at Master Elrond, who nodded. Someone understood how she felt. A little while later, the twins and Legolas came in, laughing like crazy. Elladan had just told a story about Erestor and Glorfindel, and how annoyed they got with each other. "Legolas!" The boy stiffened and stopped laughing at the sound of his father's voice. "Where have you been?" "I… I was out practicing my archery, Ada," he stuttered. "Well, we have guests, and I expect you to welcome them properly," the King replied. "Yes, Ada," Legolas said obediently. He bowed to Lord Elrond and his family. Elladan and Elrohir started laughing again but were silenced with a stern glare from their father. Legolas looked at the group from Rivendell and saw a young girl he did not recognize. "Legolas, may I introduce my adopted daughter Ellethana? She is living with us now," Lord Elrond said, putting his hand on the girl's shoulder. "Mae govannen, Ellethana," he said. Ellethana looked down at her feet. "She prefers to be called Ellie," Elladan said. "Im naer, Ellie," Legolas said. He was biting his nails again. Would he ever stop? Hopefully Ada did not see him. "That is alright," she whispered. "Ada Elrond, may I please go now?" "Of course, Ellie," Elrond said as the young girl left quietly. Ellethana walked down the quiet halls of Mirkwood, wondering why she did not stay with Celeborn and Galadriel in Lothlórien. Although she did not fit in there, she knew she would be welcomed by her mother's aunt. As she went to find her cousin, she fought to hold back her tears. ' Why could I not have had a normal life like Finna?' she wondered to herself. 'She still lives with both of her parents in Lothlórien. It is not fair.' ' You know a "normal" life was not meant for you,' the voice inside her head replied. Ellie sighed. She knew this was true. ' I know. I just wish…' Her thoughts were interrupted by Arwen's voice. "Hi, Ellie," she said. "This is Miriel. Miriel, this is Ellie, and Ellie, this is Miriel." "Hello, Miriel," Ellethana said in Silvan, the Wood elves' Tongue. "Ellie's my adopted sister. She lives with us. She used to live in Lothlórien with Celeborn and Galadriel after her…" Arwen would have gone on but was stopped short when Ellethana elbowed her in the side. "What was that for?" Arwen shouted. "Please, mellon-nin," Miriel said. "Don't shout. Ada gets really mad." "Sorry. But why did you just slap me, Ellie?" Arwen asked. "Goheno nin, Arwen. I did not slap you; I elbowed you," Ellie said with a smile at Miriel. "I was upset, and well, I did not want you to tell anyone about it," she added, glaring at her cousin. "Anyways, we are only second cousins." "I'm sorry, Ellie. I didn't mean to upset you like that. I know how sa…" Once more, Arwen was stopped short by a glare from her cousin. "That is alright. You just forgot. Everyone does," Ellie replied. Arwen got annoying very easily, and the two girls did not get along very well. Her brothers also got annoying very easily. Thinking suddenly of them, she wondered where they were. "Forgive me, Ada," Legolas said. Unfortunately, his father did see him. Then Legolas said something he should not have. Thranduil nodded. Would Legolas ever know how much he hurt? "You are dismissed. Do not forget the feast tonight, ion-nin." "Yes, Ada. I won't," Legolas replied, anxious to get away from his father. He knew when his father was upset with him; it happened often enough, but he did not understand why the King always took it out on him. It got annoying after a while. He followed Elladan and Elrohir to his room, thinking about the "old" days, when his mother had been alive. Naneth had always been able to make things right, and often she had saved the young prince from his father's wrath by sending him to do other things. "I miss her so much," he whispered to himself. "Is something wrong, Legolas?" Elrohir asked, dropping back to walk beside his friend. The younger of the twins had heard Legolas say something, but he did not want to pry. Elrond had taught him a lesson about that. If Legolas wanted to share what was wrong, then he would; Elrohir would not force him to. "I was just thinking about my Naneth, Elrohir," Legolas said softly. Elrohir smiled understandingly. That made Legolas annoyed. How could Elrohir understand his pain? It had only been a few months since his mother had been killed by orcs, and no one else understood. He missed her very much. "I'm sorry, mellon-nin. I'm probably no fun right now." "It's okay," Elladan said as he slowed down and walked with his brother and friend. Legolas shook his head. "I shouldn't be talking about her. Ada doesn't permit it anymore," he muttered aloud. He could feel his face damp with tears, but why should he care? Naneth was the only one who really understood him, and she was gone. "Something else is bothering you, mellon-nin." "Perhaps, Ro," he responded, using Elrohir's nickname. "What is it?" "It's nothing. I can handle it," he snapped. Both the twins stopped because the twelve-year-old prince never snapped. "I'm sorry. I don't know what's wrong with me." "It's okay, Legolas. We understand," Elrohir said, trying to show his sympathy towards his friend. "How could you? Have you ever lost someone you love before?" He had forgotten the rule about not shouting inside. And he was biting his nails. Again. "No, I haven't. I don't know what it feels like personally, but I know someone who does," Elrohir replied. "Our adopted sister/cousin Ellie," Elladan added, answering Legolas's questioning look. "How?" was all the blonde elf could manage. "Her parents were…" "Boys, what are you doing?" came a deep voice behind them. The twins turned around to find their father standing behind them with a raised eyebrow. "Nothing, Ada," Elladan replied. Elrond raised his eyebrow a little bit higher. "Okay. We were talking about Ellie." "What were you saying about her?" "Just telling Legolas that she understands his pain, Ada," Elrohir answered. "I hope she would not be upset if she heard what you boys said," Elrond replied. "You know she has delicate feelings." "Yeah, yeah, we know, Ada. We wouldn't hurt her feelings on purposed," the older twin said. "Alright. Just be nice and do not forget about the feast tonight, my sons," their father reminded them as he walked out of Legolas's room. Ellethana followed Arwen and Miriel down the halls to Miriel's room. When they got there, she gasped. The room looked just like a tree! It was decorated to seem like one was in a tree. "Miriel!" she burst out. "I love your room! It is beautiful!" Ellie exclaimed. "Hannon le, Ellie," Miriel replied. "I do like it." "Who helped you decorate it, Miriel?" Arwen asked. "You've changed it since I last visited a few years ago." When Arwen asked who had helped her decorate the room, Miriel drew in a sharp breath. How could she tell her friend without opening up her wound that she had finally managed to begin closing? "Miriel, did you hear