An Adventure By Manwathiel Characters: Aragorn, Arwen, Faramir, Éowyn, Legolas, Ellie, Huoriel, Eleniel, Miriel, and Melda Summary: This story is about Faramir and Éowyn's daughter Huoriel when she is six years old. They are visiting Minas Tirith, and Huoriel meets the Princess Eleniel and her cousins Melda and Miriel. Together, the four of them have some interesting times. A/N: Melda and Miriel are not really the princess's cousins, but they are the twin daughters of Ellethana and Legolas. Eleniel is the eldest daughter of Aragorn and Arwen. Huoriel walked quietly down the streets of Minas Tirith. She and her family were visiting her father's friend, the King Elessar. She loved her parents a lot. Huoriel had lived her entire life in Emyn Arnen and disliked Minas Tirith very much. Her mother was the Lady Éowyn of Rohan who had moved to Ithilien when she married the Lord Faramir, Steward of Gondor. Huoriel had light brown hair and grayish-blue eyes. Éowyn had golden-blonde hair, and Faramir's was brown. Huoriel was wearing one of her favorite dresses, a white one that matched a blue one. They were comfortable and nice. "Huoriel, dear," her mother called. "It is time to meet the King Elessar!" "Coming, Mommy!" Huoriel called back. She really did not care about meeting the King, but she knew she would get into trouble if she did not come. And she would not want that to happen. ' Oh well,' she thought. 'The sooner they are done with this, the sooner we can go home!' "Home," she muttered happily to herself. "I do miss it ever so much." Huoriel watched as her mother took her father's arm, and then she followed them into the throne room. She saw the way her mother looked at her father. They were deeply in love. But they had not always been. The six-year-old girl had heard the story of how the White Lady of Rohan had fallen in love with the King Elessar, before he became king. She knew her mother had fought in the Great War of the Third Age and had been badly hurt. Faramir had also been hurt. They were both brought to the Houses of Healing, where they, while healing, met each other and fell in love. This helped the Shield Maiden of Rohan through her devastation over the fact that King Aragorn did not love her in return. ***** Faramir and Éowyn came and knelt before the King, Éowyn motioning for their daughter to do the same. "Welcome, Faramir," the King said. "It has been long." He motioned to a friend. Huoriel watched as a blond haired elf and a dwarf came forward. "Faramir, Éowyn, you remember my friends Legolas and Gimli," King Elessar said. "Of course," Huoriel's mother replied. "Is your wife around, Aragorn?" Huoriel was surprised that her mother called the King by his first name like that. "I believe she is with her adopted sister Ellie. Legolas," Aragorn said, speaking in Elvish, "do you know if Arwen is with your wife?" "I'm sure she probably is, mellon-nin. It would not surprise me if the two girls were together," the blond elf replied, speaking in the same language as the King. "You know them, Aragorn. They could talk for hours without stopping." "Yes, I know," the King said gravely. "Would you take the Lady Éowyn and her daughter to them?" he asked, changing back to common. ' My name is Huoriel!' the six year old thought to herself. "I think Melda, Miriel, and Eleniel would enjoy the girl's company," Aragorn said, changing once more and answering his friend's questioning look. Legolas sighed. He was not use to the brave Lady Éowyn anymore. She had won undying glory at the Battle of Pelennor Fields where she had killed the Witch King with the help of Meriadoc. Anyways, she had changed. Come to think of it, so had he. They all had changed. They all had children, Aragorn more than the rest. He led them down a long hall then into a room with three little girls and their two mothers talking. "Ellie, I bring you company," he said in Sindarin. "King Elessar sent me." "Does he need me?" a dark-haired elf asked, rocking a little girl. Legolas shook his head. "The King is fine, Arwen. He just thought these two ladies needed something better to do than listen to he and Faramir talk." "Oh good. You had me a little bit worried there, Legolas." Huoriel watched as Legolas went over and kissed the other elven woman on her cheek. "Legolas! What kind of example are you showing to the little ones?" she asked. "I'm showing them how much I love my beautiful wife," he replied. "I should probably get back before Aragorn comes looking for me himself." "Hi! I'm Miriel. And this is Melda. What's your name?" a young girl with pointed ears said as she ran up to Huoriel, also pointing to a girl who was identical to her. Both the girls had brown hair, not quiet as dark as their mother's, and blue eyes. Melda was wearing blue dress, and Miriel was wearing a green one just like it. "Melda, Miriel, you know you are not supposed to run inside, girls," their mother said. "Yes, Naneth," the two elven girl replied. "My name is Huoriel," Huoriel said shyly. "Hello. My name's Eleniel, and my Ada's the King!" the other girl said. Eleniel had brown hair, about the same shade as Aragorn, and she had grey eyes. This girl was wearing purple dress similar to the other girls' dresses. "Eleniel, don't brag. You should know better than that!" the Queen said. "But Ammë!" the girl complained. Although she was not a full elf, her mother had insisted that she call her parents by their Elvish names. "You girls be nice to her now!" Ellethana said to the elven girls. "Auntie Ellie!" the Princess said. Huoriel could tell from the beginning that the Princess was extremely spoiled and used to having her own way. Huoriel was spoiled a little bit, but not as much as Eleniel. "Apologize now, Eleniel!" her mother said firmly. "I'm sorry about her behavior, Éowyn. She is usually much better behaved than this." "It's alright, Arwen," Huoriel's mother replied. "No, it's not. She knows better than that. Perhaps I should send her to her father for discipline. That always works." The Princess shook her head. She really did not want to be sent to her father. "But, Ammë, isn't Ada busy right now?" "He's never too busy to deal with you, Eleniel. You know that," her mother replied. Eleniel nodded. "Let's play," Miriel said. Melda nodded. She and her sister were getting bored with all the talking and wanted some action. "Girls, you are so much like your Adar. He is very impatient too," Ellethana said to her daughters. "He rarely sits still for more than an hour at a time," she added with a smile, turning to the other moms and watching the two elven girls run off to play. She noticed that Huoriel was lagging behind. "What's wrong, dear?" Éowyn asked her daughter. "Don't be shy, Huoriel. The girls just want to play with you. Yes, as soon as your father is done we will go. But for now, I want you to go play with the other girls." "Okay, Mommy," the human girl said. She went off, but it was obvious she did not want to. ***** "Where are we going, Mommy?" the small girl asked. Éowyn had taken her hand and was leading her somewhere. "The Houses of Healing, Huoriel, where your father and I first met," her mother answered. "Can I go and play now?" Huoriel asked after being shown around the rooms. In her opinion, they were rather boring and plain. She could not see what her parents found so interesting about them. "I can't believe it's been that long, Faramir," Éowyn said as their daughter ran off. "That long from what?" he asked. "Since we met in this place. Just being here brings back such memories," she replied. "Like that time you refused to go off to war, because I was still here," her husband laughed. Éowyn nodded. She remembered it like it was yesterday. "I didn't know what I wanted to do at that point. I was in love with you and wanted to stay, but I also wanted to go. But you were right when you said I would not be happy there, for I had been in love with the Lord Aragorn, even though he didn't love me back," she added. "But I'm glad they made me stay here." "I'm glad you decided to stay here instead of going off to fight in the war. I was so afraid you would," Faramir replied, gathering his wife into his arms. ***** The next morning, Huoriel and the three elven girls wanted to play. After speaking with their mothers, they started to leave. "Let's go adventuring," Miriel said as they walked away from their mothers. Her mother Ellie over heard them. "Do not go too far, girls," she said. "Know the way back so you do not get lost." "And behave," Éowyn added. "And remember what I told you, Eleniel!" the Queen called to her daughter. "Okay!" they all called out. "What did Auntie Arwen tell you, Eleniel?" Miriel asked as they walked. Eleniel's face turned bright red. "Come on! It can't be that bad. Can it?" "She told me that if she heard I was being mean or anything, she would send me to Ada," the Princess replied quietly. Huoriel watched as Eleniel hung her head in shame. It had to be embarrassing for her to have her mother say something like that to her. "It's okay, Eleniel," Huoriel said. She knew what it was like to have her mother threaten something like that. "I know how you feel." "How can you?" Princess Eleniel exclaimed, bursting into tears. "Eleniel," Miriel said softly, "your temper is coming back, mellon-nin. Stop crying." Eleniel took a deep breath. "You won't tell Ammë, right?" she asked nervously. "Of c…course not," Melda replied. "Wh…why would we?" "I don't know," Eleniel said. Huoriel could tell that these two girls were about to get into some argument of some sort. "Come on! Are we going to stand here arguing all day or go on our adventure?" Huoriel asked, changing the subject. "Adventure!" the three other girls said. All four of them were very excited about this adventure they were going to go on, but none of them knew where they were going to go. "Let's go!" Huoriel said. ***** After about half an hour, Huoriel had no clue as to where they were. "Do you know where we are?" she asked. Melda shook her head, and both looked at the Princess. Eleniel was the only one who lived in the city; Melda, Miriel and Huoriel all lived in the country. "No idea," Eleniel said as she looked around. "Nothing looks familiar. I'm lost." "Perhaps we should try getting back to some place one of us knows," Miriel suggested. "If we don't know where we are," Huoriel said about to cry, "then what's the hope of getting back?" "But Ada says there is always hope, Huoriel," Eleniel replied. "And Ada is never wrong." "Our Ada has told me something like that too, Eleniel," Miriel added. "He keeps telling us a story about a ring and some hobbits who destroyed it." "Ada and Ammë tell me stories about that too. I wonder why it is so important to them," the Princess said. "I don't know, but my Mommy and Daddy tell me stories about it too," Huoriel said. "We can talk about that later, but let's find a way back first." "A…alright. Maybe Ada and N…Naneth will tell us more stories about it, Eleniel," Melda replied. She, too, wanted to get back to her parents. "Estel," she muttered, reminding herself to have hope. Huoriel was