TheChildren: Eldarion – 19 Eleniel – 15 Melda & Miriel – 15 Estelwen – 11 Aranel – 9 Thenidiel – 7 3/4 Mellimeldisiel (Mellie) – 6 Merilwen &Turwaithiel – 4 1/2 "Girls, calm down." The two twins nodded. "Yes, Ammë," they said. "Do you think Mellimeldisiel will play with us?" Arwen sighed. Her two youngest daughters were four-and-a-half, and they were a bundle of energy. "Perhaps. But you need to ask her nicely. And you know the rules, girls." "Yes, Ammë. We know," Merilwen answered for her and her sister. Arwen smiled as the girls ran off to find their six-year-old sister. She loved all of her children, but it seemed she rarely saw Eldarion or Eleniel, her two oldest. Estelwen was eleven, Aranel was nine, and Thenidiel was seven and three-fourths. Eleniel was almost fifteen, and Eldarion was nineteen. Yes, all her children were growing up fast. "You certainly have been busy, mellon-nin!" Arwen spun around to find her adopted sister. "Ellie!" she exclaimed. "It has been too long!" "I know. It has. I have missed you," the other elf said. "How did you convince your husband to bring you?" Arwen asked. "Oh, he knew he was long overdue for a visit with Aragorn, so I guilted him into it." Ellie grinned. She loved doing that to Legolas. "I have not even met your youngest daughters yet, Arwen." "I know. They just ran off. Actually, they went to find Mellimeldisiel. I don't know where she is," Arwen said. "Too bad the twins are too young to have lessons." "Are they that annoying?" Ellie asked. "Yes. They are extremely energetic. By the way, did you bring Miriel and Melda with you?" Ellie nodded. "Of course." "Good. Maybe they wouldn't mind helping with the little girls." "Probably not, Arwen. I know they were really excited about getting to meet their cousins," came a male voice. Both sisters turned around. "Legolas!" Ellie grinned. Even after several years of being married, seeing her husband smile like that still made Ellie feel a bit giddy. "Let me guess. You have been talking with Aragorn, and he was telling you that you have to visit more often?" Arwen said. Legolas nodded. "It seems you know your husband pretty well, Arwen," the blond elf said. "Well, I was just going to call the twins over for Ellie to meet them. You can too, Legolas." "Sounds good." "Merilwen! Turwaithiel! There are some people here for you to meet!" Arwen called. The two girls came running with their dolls in hand. They quickly stopped and hid behind their mother when they saw the other elves. "Turwaithiel, Merilwen, I'd like you to meet Auntie Ellie and Uncle Legolas," their mother said, gently pushing each forward as she said their names. "Good morning," the girls said quietly, a bit shy of the newcomers. "Ammë! Mellimeldisiel won't play with us!" Merilwen complained. "Quiet down, both of you. Mellie, Estelwen! Aranel, Thenidiel! Come here, girls!" "Hang on, Ammë!" "Coming!" A few minutes later, all six girls were lined up beside their mother. "Girls, you remember Auntie Ellie and Uncle Legolas, right?" All four older ones nodded. "Mae govannen," Estelwen, the quietest of them all, said. She smiled. She remembered them. She knew Mellimeldisiel, better known as Mellie, barely remembered their aunt and uncle. After all, she had only been one year old when they had last visited. "Estelwen," Ellie said with a smile. "You have grown. You too, Mellie," she added, wanting to have the little girl smile. Suddenly, Thenidiel started to cry. "What is it?" Estelwen asked. "Aranel pinched me!" the nearly eight-year-old exclaimed. Estelwen rolled her eyes. Sisters. The nine-year-old should know better. "Aranel, apologize to Thenidiel, please," she said. "No!" the girl replied. "Aranel! Apologize now!" Estelwen said, in a loud voice. "And Thenidiel, please stop crying. I'm sure you're fine. I'll look at it later." It was a good thing these two did not share a room. They were constantly arguing, so Aragorn and Arwen decided to put Thenidiel in a room with Mellimeldisiel. "No! I don't want to so I'm not gonna!" Aranel said. Thenidiel stopped crying and slapped her. "Girls!" Arwen said. "Both of you to your rooms, now!" Ellethana watched as the scene continued. Estelwen would make a fine mother. She was kind and caring, but firm. The eleven-year-old turned around when Mellie started crying. "What is it, Mellie?" she asked gently. "Nothing," she said. "I just don't want to play with the twins. I want to read!" "How about if you played with them until lunch, then after lunch you can read and they won't bother you, okay?" "Okay," the girl replied. Ellie changed her focus to her sister. "NO! I don't wanna!" "Go to your room NOW! Before I call your father!" Arwen said sternly. "Auntie Ellie!" a girl's voice pulled Ellethana away from the others. "Eleniel," she said warmly. "How are you?" "I'm great. I was just out grooming one of the new foals. I love the horses," the older girl replied. "I know. You always have, dear," Ellie said. "You should have been named Rochendilwen, Eleniel." "How are you and Uncle Legolas?" "We are fine. He was here just a few minutes ago. I do not know where he went. Probably back to talk with your father again," she said, shaking her head. "Eleniel!" The girl turned around. "Miriel! Melda!" she cried when she saw her cousins. "Hello!" Miriel said. "Are those the twins?" she asked in an excited voice. "Yes," Eleniel replied, rolling her eyes. Miriel would probably want to spend all day watching the girls. "Miriel, Melda, these are Turwaithiel and Merilwen," she said, gesturing to each four-year-old as she spoke. "Good morning, girls," Arwen said, coming over to the teenagers. "Saluid, Auntie Arwen," the two elven girls replied. "How are you?" Miriel asked. "I'm good. And you?" "We're good too. We've missed you though," Miriel replied. "Come on!" Eleniel said. "Let's go!" "Calm down, Eleniel," her mother said. "Be patient." "But, Ammë!" the teenager began. "I don't want…" She stopped at glare from her mother. "Yes, Ammë." "Thank you. Now you may go. But be careful! Don't get lost this time, girls!" The teenagers walked off laughing. Ellethana smiled. She remembered a time when the three girls, along with Éowyn's daughter Huoriel, had gotten lost and almost not made it back. Thankfully, Melda had been paying attention during her lessons and the four had gotten back just in time. ***** "Legolas! Good to see you again," Aragorn said after all his guests had left. "It really has been too long, mellon-nin." "Yes, I know. And I'm sorry. I should visit more often," Legolas replied. "Have you met the twins, Legolas?" Aragorn asked, changing the subject. "Yes, actually, I just did. They're very energetic. Remind me of their father when he was little," the elf said with a grin. Aragorn smiled. "Yes, yes, I remember," the King said. "How are Eldarion's studies going?" "Fine, I believe. He has tutor coming every day, so he's been very busy." Aragorn sighed. It was nice his son was learning, but sometimes he wished he had more free time to spend with his children. It felt like he was missing part of their childhood because he had so much to do. Estelwen he barely saw, Eleniel was never around, Aranel was almost always in her room sulking, and the twins were nearly always playing. "You are unhappy, Aragorn," Legolas said. After all the years of knowing the human, the Elf had gotten pretty good at figuring out the emotions. "What is it?" "I don't know. It seems like I never see any of my children anymore. Eldarion is always studying, Eleniel is out with her horse, Estelwen is playing mother, Aranel is in her room with an attitude, and the twins are always playing. I never get to do anything with them anymore. The only time I see all of them is at meals. And even then it's limited," Aragorn explained. Legolas sighed. He knew what it was like. That had happened with his daughters when they became teenagers. "It happens with teenagers, Aragorn. You can't hold on to your children forever. You have to let them go someday. Estelwen reminds of Ellie. She has that same quietness about her, that same kind of 'I'd rather be left alone' kind of thing. I noticed she had a book in her hand. Just like Ellie. Always reading," the elf said with a laugh. Aragorn smiled. "Yes, but it's not just Estelwen and Eleniel. It is Mellie too. She's really quiet, and it worries me. She almost never talks at the table." "Probably because she's over-powered by the others. She feels shy and scared. What does she like?" "Arwen says she likes reading and writing," Aragorn offered. Legolas nodded thoughtfully. "Have you ever read anything she's written? Or read her a bedtime story? She's six, Aragorn! Does she feel loved?" Legolas asked, raising his voice. "I don't know! Ask Arwen! She's been with the girls more than I have. Like I said, I've been really busy, Legolas. But yes, I have read her stories, and no, I haven't read anything she's written. Estelwen probably has. She loves helping with the younger ones." "Don't go changing the subject, Aragorn!" Legolas said. "You need to show some interest in the girls. They probably feel like you don't care. You're their father. Show them you love them. It works. Trust me," Legolas added, looking deeply into his friend's grey eyes. "It worked for you, mellon-nin," he said quietly. "And me," he muttered softly. Aragorn sighed. Legolas was right. It had worked for both of them. "You're right, Legolas. I know. It's just been so busy lately," Aragorn replied. "No more excuses, my friend. Get in there and work with them. Have you taught Eldarion what you have learned about being King? Talked with Eleniel lately? Or Estelwen? She's eleven, Aragorn. Do you know her interests?" "Not yet, yes, no, no," Aragorn said, rolling his eyes. Legolas stopped. "I'm sorry, Aragorn. I just know that if you spend time with them, show them you love them, it will help. Eldarion will be king after you die. Are you going to teach him? Or are you just going to let some inexperienced tutor give your son lessons on how to rule your kingdom?" "I plan to teach him when there is time, Legolas," Aragorn answered, rolling his eyes. "There just has not been time. I'm sure you understand." "Yes, I understand being busy, but no I don't understand not spending time with your children. I mean, they're great kids, Aragorn. Why wouldn't you want to spend time with them?" Legolas asked. "It's not that I don't want to, Legolas; it's that I don't have time. You try working my schedule and let me know when you find time to play," the King said. ***** Estelwen walked to her room and closed the curtain, giving herself some privacy. She hated it when her sisters fought. But it seemed as if Aranel and Thenidiel could not go ten minutes without arguing. And it annoyed her because she was usually the one who had to break it up. "Estelwen," came a voice. "Could I come in, dear?" "Sure, Auntie Ellie," the girl replied, sighing. "What is wrong?" Ellethana asked. "Oh, Auntie Ellie, I'm so tired of always being the one to look after the twins and the younger girls. Especially Aranel and Thenidiel. They can't go ten minutes without an argument of some sort. I wish Eleniel would help sometimes, but if she's not in lessons, then she's out with her horse, Ithilwen. She is never around, Auntie Ellie," Estelwen said. "Estelwen, it is alright. Do not worry. Eleniel is a teenager; she is as wild as some horses. Alas, your parents should have named her Rochendilwen. It would have suited her perfectly." She paused. "Estelwen, do you know why your parents named