!Warning! This work of fiction includes dark/evil/manipulative Tom , as well as a Hermione that will not necessarily be in character. While I fully plan on keeping her personality and quirks, she will differ from the "real" Hermione Granger . This character will not necessarily make the same decisions you might, moral or otherwise. This relationship might come off as the following: Controlling Manipulative Abusive Unhealthy Alongside this warning, I would like to say that I have a good grasp on this story's plot; HOWEVER- I have no idea just how dark it might get in terms of triggers. Therefore, I strongly advise you to assume all of them and please proceed at your own risk . Prologue Hermione stood in place, her breathing erratic and her heart pounding painfully against her chest. A sharp set of claws clenched the wild curls from the base of her scalp, tugging her head back at an incredibly painful angle. From her viewpoint, the only thing she was able to see was the high, monumental ceiling of Malfoy Manor. Despite the faint stains of old tears, her face now looked destitute of all emotion. She didn't struggle, not anymore. There was no use anyhow; she knew she wouldn't survive this. Not with Ron dead and Harry gone. The harrowing screams of Ronald Weasley still reverberated throughout her head. As well as the gurgled sounds of his throat being slashed as he desperately tried to choke out her name. She knew even if she somehow found a way to get out of this mess, his cries would continue to haunt her dreams for the rest of her existence. The Manor was painfully quiet now, despite the four or five other people in the room. Noone spoke as the seconds on the large clock in the drawing room ticked by at an agonizingly slow rate. Hermione focused on the metronomic rhythm in order to distract herself from thinking too much about her upcoming fate. A fate which currently rested in the hands of Death Eaters hadn't looked too bright and promising from where she was standing. After what seemed like hours, the crack of apparition echoed throughout the room. Those around her shuffled to a stand as the psychotic witch who held her in place tightened her grip; her fingernails digging hard enough to draw blood. "Well," a silky, bone-chilling voice spoke from somewhere in front of her. "Who do we have here, Bellatrix?" The sound caused goosebumps to creep slowly up her neck and spread throughout the rest of her limbs. Even the smallest of hairs on her body stood on end, and she knew by the churning in her gut that she didn't need free range of her neck to know that blood-red eyes would be staring back at her if she chose to look. "My Lord," the eldest Black sister greeted in a calm, even tone. She sounded drastically different than she had a mere hour after Hermione had been kidnapped, as she stood above the young Muggle-born with a small dagger in her hand. The same dagger that killed Ron, and the same one that she used to carve the most hateful word she could think of deep into Hermione's flesh. Bellatrix had been screeching, then. Her voice reaching painfully high octaves as she ordered around her fellow Death Eaters and sent various spells hurtling towards Hermione in attempt to torture her for information. Her favorite being the Cruciatus, which left Hermione weak and her mind frazzled as she searched for words that just never came. But now, Bellatrix spoke as if those events never took place. Her tone laced with a hint of admiration as she spoke to her Master, preening under his gaze. Bile rose up from Hermione's stomach at the sound, tasting acidic in her mouth as she listened intently. "A few snatchers found Potter and his friends roaming around some forest," Bellatrix said cautiously. "One of them must have triggered the taboo." It was true. The trio had been reunited once more, and were sitting in a tent hidden deep in the woods listening to Potter Watch when Harry got a bit careless with his words. They had tried to make a run for it, but the snatchers were simply too fast; catching all three of them almost immediately. Hermione tried thinking quickly, casting a dismorphing hex on Harry's face in an attempt to buy them some time. Unfortunately, it didn't do them much good after they were taken directly to the Manor. "And?" Voldemort questioned, drawing Hermione back to the present. "Is this him?" Bellatrix's grip on her loosened ever so slightly, a small twitch of fear showing in the vile witch. A faint smile tugged at the corners of Hermione's lips as she felt it. Although she knew it was unlikely, she hoped he would kill all of them for what was obviously a major fuck-up on their part. "N-no, My Lord," Bellatrix stuttered out. "The boy got away, this is just his filthy mudblood whore ." Hermione clamped her jaw so tight it felt as if every single one of her teeth were cracking in her mouth while tears of rage stung her eyes. "There was another," the Death Eater added. "A boy, around their age. A known blood traitor, whose body is now decomposing in the dungeons." Hermione felt her legs almost give out from under her upon hearing the words aloud, but her captor held her firmly in place. "And what is it you expect me to do with a tainted Mud-blood, Bellatrix?" Voldemort's voice sounded threateningly low and calm with every syllable he spoke. "Even the blood traitor is of more value to us than this muck." "I-if I may, My Lord," a quiet, shaky male voice spoke out. "Perhaps we can keep her-" " Keep her? " their Master's voice snapped harshly, cutting him off. "She's not a pet, Lucius. She's filth! Tainted filth, at that." "Potter values friendship, My Lord," the voice that spoke now was soft, but firm. Feminine, but authoritative. She spoke in a way much different than the rest of his followers. Her tone showed no adoration, or even fear for that matter. "If she was truly close to him, perhaps we can use the girl to draw him out of hiding." The room was silent as Voldemort let the woman's words sync in. Hermione's heart rate now reached unfathomable heights as her mind raced. Most of her thoughts were jumbled and broken from hours of the torture curse, but the feeling of horror still raced like ice through her veins as she silently panicked. What would they do with her? Torture her? Rape her? Use her in the most shocking and horrifying ways possible? She wasn't completely sure, but the mere idea of any of those things made her legs even more weak than they already were. "Drop her, Bellatrix," the Dark Lord said calmly. Upon command, the tight grip on her scalp released and Hermione fell; her knees banging hard on the stone flooring. Her hands stayed magically bound together, as they had been for hours now, so there was no use in even trying to escape. Especially not now. Not with him here. She stayed on her knees, knowing full well she didn't have the strength to bring herself to her feet. Not to mention, she was fairly sure she would be hexed immediately upon attempting. "Look at me," he commanded. Hermione didn't even flinch, continuing to stare intently at a small crack in the floor and completely ignoring his demands. She was hoping her noncompliance would cause him to kill her outright on the spot. At this point, she would rather die than be held captive as a slave for the mere purpose of drawing Harry out of hiding. Because it would work. Harry would come back for her, and she couldn't let that happen. Not only because she didn't want her best friend to die, but because the entirety of the Wizarding World depended on him staying alive. "Defiant, I see," Voldemort hissed. "I said, look at me ." As soon as the command left his lips, she felt a firm invisible force take a hold of her head, snapping it up towards him. Her jaw tightened as she met his eyes. The color of blood. "What's your name?" he snapped. A defiant sneer plastered on Hermione's face as she stared daggers at the most feared wizard in existence, causing a wicked smile to spread across his snake-like features. She should feel scared. She feel be terrified. She should be shaking and convulsing at the mere sight of him, especially when her life lay so helplessly at his feet. But she felt none of these things. She would not beg for her life. She would choose to die with some form of dignity, rather than grovel at the feet of a man who thought himself better simply because of the blood that ran through his veins. A small chuckle escaped him as he watched her continue to ignore his commands, seemingly amused. "Gryffindor, I'll bet," his tone was cocky. "Always so sickeningly brave it's down right disgusting." A small shuffle sounded, breaking Hermione's concentration. Her gaze twitched ever so slightly towards the blond head of hair standing behind the evil man, his back straight and his hands placed firmly behind him as a mask of calm ease sunk into his features. The twitch was slight, but enough for Voldemort to catch as he followed her eyes. "Ah, young Draco," he drawled. "Come here for a moment, yes?" The Malfoy heir nodded, shooting a quick glance towards his mother and father, before shuffling his feet forward and taking a place beside his Master. Placing his hand on the young Pure-blood's shoulder as he approached, Voldemort gestured down towards the witch kneeling at their feet. "Do you know this girl?" he questioned, causing Draco's storm-grey eyes to land on Hermione. "Yes, My Lord," Draco said blankly, not even a hint of emotion on his face or laced within his words. He sounded almost robotic. The Dark Lord smiled with a knowing satisfaction, "Who is she?" "Granger, sir," he answered, not taking his eyes from Hermione as he spoke. "Hermione Granger." "She was in your year in school, correct?" Voldemort continued to probe. Hermione bit the inside of her cheek hard enough to taste blood. She glared back at Draco, shooting him silent threats as He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named circled around him. "Yes," he answered, his jaw twitching slightly. "And had I been correct in assuming she was sorted into Gryffindor?" Voldemort's tone held a slight amusement as he spoke. "Yes, My Lord." The snake's eyes looked down to her once more as she continued to glare at the young Malfoy standing before her, "Tell me what you know about her, Draco." Hermione's head shook towards him ever so slightly, and she didn't know why she felt the harsh sting of betrayal coming from her former classmate. He didn't like her. In fact, he couldn't stand her and she very well returned the feeling. "She's a brainiac," Hermione's eyes fell from his as soon as the words escaped his lips. She turned her head to stare at the clock on the other side of the drawing room, tasting fury on her tongue. "Always had her nose stuck in some book or other," he continued. "Answered almost every question asked by any Professor. Hung out with Potter and his friend Weasley, was practically attached to their hips." "And her parents?" the snake asked. "Muggles, My Lord." "Was she of any particular worth to Potter?" Hermione scoffed, obviously understanding the implication of the question. "Despite what my Aunt Bella might have told you, Sir, I doubt she ever threw Potter a tumble. From a third person's perspective, I don't think they would have engaged in any form of relationship beyond friendship," Draco paused for a moment before continuing, "I