" It's in your nature. To destroy everything you touch." Chapter 1 Despite the obvious lack of students who arrived for this year's term- due to the return of the Dark Lord; the Great Hall was a cacophony of chatter. Each table contained a mix of students from various houses, while huddles of people raising their voices could be heard above the din. The feast for the evening had just begun, but not even Draco could deny that the normally cheery atmosphere seemed to be lacking this time around. A dreary and dim undercurrent hung in the air, a sense of dread and uncertainty plastered on the faces of classmates and professors alike. "I bet she bangs like a fairy on acid," Well, at least no one could break Nott's charming spirit. "Who?" chimed Erick Selwyn, just a few feet away from the small group of Slytherins. "Lovegood," Theo clarified with a smile before shoving a potato in his mouth, nodding towards a petite blonde sitting by herself at the Ravenclaw table. "Lovegood?!" exclaimed Erick, nearly choking on his pumpkin juice. "As in Loony Lovegood? You've got to be kidding me." "Nah mate," Theo smirked. "Weird girls like that are always just as freaky in bed." "And how would you know?" drawled Blaise, his eyes narrowing. "Well I-" "Will you just shut the fuck up already, Nott?" Draco snapped, shooting daggers at the obnoxious boy sitting across from him. The sodding bastard always did have an irritating knack for never quite knowing when silence was needed. "Alright," Theo said, the corners of his mouth turning down in defeat. "What in the bloody hells' got your wand in a knot?" Malfoy turned his attention to the Gryffindors, their table visible just over Theo's shoulder. Potter had arrived late, holding a bloody rag to his face. Granger and Weaselette rose to their feet and scurried over to their precious golden boy, bombarding him with questions. Brushing off the girls, Harry insisted he was okay and he would talk to them about it later. Ginny scowled at her boyfriend's nonchalance, but didn't question him further as she twisted on her heels and stomped back to her seat. "Nothing," Draco responded at last, watching as Potter lowered himself into his seat surrounded by his usual group of morons. Dropping his gaze, he turned his attention to Dumbledore who had now stepped up to the podium. The buzz of chatter began to lower as the Headmaster spoke. "Very best of evenings to you all," he said, his eyes drifting over the sea of students squirming in their seats. "First off, let me introduce the newest member of our staff. Horace Slughorn," a small applause sounded as a tubby man with grey hair stood at the staff table, smiling cheerfully and giving a slight nod towards Dumbledore. "Professor Slughorn, I'm happy to say has agreed to resume his old post...as Potions Master," Surprised whispers sounded as Draco feigned the same look of surprise his classmates had genuinely been wearing. "Meanwhile," Dumbledore continued, holding his palm out above the podium in an attempt to silence the whispers. "The post of Defense Against the Dark Arts will be taken by Professor Snape." The Headmaster waited several seconds for the room to drop back down to silence again before continuing with his speech. "As you know, each and every one of you were searched upon your arrival here tonight," Draco saw just out of his peripheral view, as Harry snuck a small glance in his direction. Keeping his eyes forward, Malfoy refused to give him the satisfaction of a reaction, as his heart beat hard against his ribcage. "And you have the right to know why," Draco knew exactly where this speech was headed. He was expecting it- prepared for it, even. His face was a stone wall of cool ease as be mastered the look of nonchalance; even while he was struggling to keep it together as of late. "Once, there was a young man. Like you, he sat in this very hall. He walked this castle's corridors, and even slept under it's roof. You see, to all the world, he was a student like any other. His name? Tom Riddle." This time, when the harsh whispers vibrated throughout the hall, Dumbledore did not stop. He barely even paused, as he continued on with his speech. "Today of course, he is known all over the world by another name," he said confidently. "Which is why as I stand here, looking out upon you all tonight, I'm reminded of a sobering fact," he continued as the noise calmed down to a chilling silence. "Every day, and every hour, this very minute, perhaps… dark forces attempt to penetrate this castle's walls," Draco took a breath, wondering to himself when exactly he stopped breathing to begin with. "But in the end, the greatest weapon...is you," the old wizard concluded. "Just something to think about. Now, off to bed." Draco remained seated as he allowed the Headmaster's words to sink in, even while his classmates began rising to make their way to their dormitories. For some reason, Malfoy had felt like the old coot had been speaking directly to him. As if he somehow knew what Draco had become over the summer. As if he somehow understood what was going on. But that couldn't be possible. If Dumbledore had even the slightest idea of what he was, let alone what the Dark Lord had assigned him- he wouldn't even allow him to step foot on the castle's grounds. "That was a bit cheery, yeah?" said Erick as the group of sixth years made their way to the dungeons. "Not as cheery as it was getting searched in the first place," responded Theo sarcastically. "Was it just me or did Filch get a bit hansy there?" "You got searched by the Squib?" Erick barked out a laugh. A look of confusion fell over Theo's features."Yeah, why?" He asked. "Who did you get searched by?" "One of the dozens of Aurors," Erick emphasized. "They didn't actually touch me." "I can't be the only one! I saw Filch searching Draco, too." "He was checking my things , Theo," Draco chuckled. "I got searched by the Aurors." "So no one else got rubbed down?" Theo asked, his face turning a light shade of pink as he looked at the amused faces of his friends. "Well that's bloody embarrassing..." " Draco ," a feminine voice purred as soon as he stepped foot inside the Slytherin common room. He smirked as Blaise and Theo groaned audibly enough for just Draco to hear. He wasn't a stranger when it came to his friend's feelings about his on and off again relationship. "Pansy," he said blankly, nodding as she approached him. Blaise and Theo made their way to the sleeping quarters without so much as a "goodnight" to the Slytherin Prince. "So I was thinking ," Pansy said, sliding her hand up his arm softly. Annoyed, he swatted the young witch off of him and took several steps back. "You think too much." "But Draco, I really think this could be our year-" Malfoy's face contorted into an annoyed scowl before he cut her off. "No, Pansy. We've been down this road before." "But I lo-" "If you finish that sentence I'm going to do nothing but laugh at you and call you a sodding idiot," Draco cut her off again, holding his hand up and glaring into her muddy green eyes. There was once a point in time Draco would have melted into those eyes. At one point in time, he saw her as the most gorgeous girl in existence. But all too quickly, her bratty and stubborn personality seeped through; tainting the way he saw her. No matter how many times he had tried to see her as he once did, he came to the same conclusion. Nice cheekbones and perky tits couldn't make up for all the headaches she caused him over the years. "Besides, I need to be focusing this year." He concluded. Pansy's brow furrowed as confusion took over her face. "But weren't you just saying on the train how school doesn't even matter?" She questioned. "That you'd be off doing more important things soon enough?" "That's not what I meant," he said blankly, pushing past her. "Draco!" She said grabbing his wrist to stop him from leaving. "Talk to me!" she pleaded. The confusion on her face was still present, but now she stood before him with a look of pain in her eyes as she looked over his face. It seemed almost as if she thought she could find some sort of answers he knew he couldn't give her beneath the fine lines of his features. His heart nearly broke just looking at the pain in her eyes. Had he ever loved Pansy? Probably not. But that didn't mean he wanted to hurt her. What is love anyway? "I'll think about it," he said flatly before shaking his wrist from her loose grasp and heading to bed. Pansy stood in the common room, watching him leave. Alone, with nothing but her own thoughts. "Ah, Mister Malfoy! How great of you to join us!" bellowed Professor Slughorn loud enough that nearly the entire class turned to stare at him. Draco had been up late the night before, working on his assignment for the Dark Lord and because of that, had nearly missed a half day of classes. Great way to start off the year , he thought to himself miserably. "I understand Professor Snape may have been lenient with you in the past but do try to be on time for class this year," he reprimanded rather cheerfully. "This is NEWT level potions after all, my dear boy!" Draco heard a faint snicker from the back of the group of students and glared at Theo, who quickly turned his laughter into a awfully fake sounding cough. Plopping his bag down at a nearby desk, he withdrew his copy of Advanced Potions and joined in with the group that had been surrounded by a cauldron in the front of the classroom. "Now, where was I? Ah, yes-" Slughorn began before the door to the classroom swung open again a second time. Harry Potter, the boy who just wouldn't die stepped through the threshold with his gangly redheaded sidekick in tow. "I apologize, Professor. But McGonagall had only just informed me you would be open to accepting E level students in this class?" He said as Ron stood awkwardly behind him. "Of course, of course! You're more than welcome to join. Your friend, Weaselby as well," Slughorn beamed. "Any friend of Harry's is a friend of mine." Draco could nearly feel his eyeballs hit the back of his skull he rolled them so hard. Once again, Potter becomes the favorite. "Professor," Harry interrupted again. "I'm afraid I don't have a text book. Nor does Ron…" A scoff came from Hermione, just a few feet away. Draco looked towards the brunette witch just in time to see her shooting daggers at the two boys from across the room. "Very well, there should be a few used ones in the back," Slughorn replied, waving them off. "Now, who can tell me about this potion here?" Like clockwork, Hermione's hand shot up faster than any other's. "Ah, yes, Miss…" "Granger sir," Hermione said, still staring at the cauldron. "Amortentia is the most powerful love potion in the world. Amortentia smells different to each person, according to what attracts them," She sounds like a sodding dictionary. "For instance," she added. "I smell freshly mown grass, and new parchment, and…" she hesitated, taking a deep breath. "Spearmint...toothpaste." she rushed out before taking her place towards the group once more. "Very good, Miss Granger! Ten points for Gryffindor!" Slughorn exclaimed proudly. After class Draco took his time gathering his things, watching students pile out of the classroom. He was hoping to be