Disclaimer: The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. This is a parody fanwork by fans for fans. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork. Note: This is a side story to "Let Me Fly" where Panem was decimated by a plague. We suggest you read that first, although it's not totally necessary. Also this is not told in district order… let's see if you can figure out why we used the order that we did… oOo In The End by FanficAllergy & RoseFyre oOo District One - Female - Glimmer - 18 The flu hits District One hard. No one is spared - male, female, young, old, rich, poor. It cuts a swath through the district, knocking a third of the population off their feet and into their beds. Glimmer doesn't get sick. She's one of the lucky ones. Others aren't so lucky. The Tribute Academy's infirmary is full of kids sneezing and coughing instead of the usual broken bones and strained muscles. Glimmer's favorite sparring partner was one of the first to fall ill, and two of the prettiest and most charismatic girls in her year took to their beds in early April. And it's not just the tributes. Glimmer's mother and both of her brothers caught the flu. Her mother was the worst off, stuck in bed for a month, unable to go to work or take care of her family. Glimmer knows what saved her mother. The Capitol sent doctors and drugs to District One, healing their people and giving them a new lease on life. Some died anyway, but many people lived who otherwise would not have. Glimmer's mother survived. And it's all thanks to the Capitol. Glimmer knows her duty, as the daughter of a Victor. But there's more than that at stake, because now she, too, owes the Capitol. So she'll volunteer for the Games and she'll do the only thing she can to repay them for saving her family. She'll give them a show they'll never forget. oOo District One - Male - Marvel - 18 It's been a bad year in Panem. Marvel doesn't care about national news other than the Hunger Games, but everyone knows about the flu, how it's swept through Panem, striking young and old, healthy and ill, decimating the population. There's talk of unrest. Of unhappiness with the Capitol. Of people dying and quotas not being met. Even in One, as loyal to the Capitol as always, there are rumors spreading. A week before the Reaping, the director of the Tribute Academy calls Marvel into her office. "Director Beauchamp," he says, nodding his head respectfully. His heart races. He knows what this means. Gala Beauchamp, Victor of the 33rd Hunger Games, gestures to a chair in front of her desk. Marvel takes it. She picks up a file and glances through it. "Marvel Amatista. Currently top of your class in weapons, particularly spears. Decent at running, very good at looks and charisma." He smiles easily. "Yes, Director." She closes the file. "You are the obvious choice for the male tribute this year. However, there are greater concerns." "Greater concerns, Director?" "Yes. Panem is suffering. People in the districts are dying, even in the Capitol. The numbers of children taking out tesserae has skyrocketed." Marvel looks at her, confused. "But doesn't everyone take out tesserae?" He's been taking out tesserae since he was twelve. Everyone in One does. "In One, Two, and Four, yes, because our districts are smart. We train children for the Games and we take advantage of winning. The lesser districts don't. They let their people suffer and pretend the Games won't happen to them. But the Capitol is eternal, Mr. Amatista, and the Hunger Games are our gift to them. Never forget that." He nods. "And this year we must do our best. Because what this country needs is a good Games. A great Games. Something to distract the people and bring us all together as one. And it is our responsibility as District One to provide what the Capitol needs. This year, our tributes must be symbols of loyalty, of prowess, of everything District One stands for." She looks closely at him, examining every inch. "Can you do what is needed, Mr. Amatista? Can you be the best tribute there is? Can you support the Capitol in every action, every word, every deed? Can you put on a good show and make it a Games for the ages?" He nods. "I can, Director." "Good," she says, placing the file on her desk. "Congratulations, Mr. Amatista, you are this year's male tribute. I expect you to put on a good show, for the glory of the Capitol and District One." He can do that. And he will. He'll give them a show they'll never forget. oOo District Three - Female - Ada - 13 Life's been hard in District Three this year, even for the Engineers. Even Ada's father got sick. Luckily the Capitol deemed him important enough to treat. But not everyone else is as fortunate. Especially among the Factory Workers. They died in droves, leaving the assembly lines so understaffed that even schoolchildren were conscripted to help out. Including her. Naturally she got sick too. Like her father, she recovered, but she always wanted to wear a sweater afterward. She kept getting cold. Nothing could keep her warm, not even the warm summer sun beating down on the waiting adolescents in the square. Normally she wouldn't even have to worry about being Reaped. The Lead Engineer took care of that. But this year was different, the Capitol caught the glitch that excluded most of the Engineers' families and corrected it. So she's unsurprised when her name is called. It's just her luck. She pulls the sweater around herself tightly and trudges up onstage. She knows she's going to die. She just hopes wherever she ends up going that it's someplace warm. A tropical island would be nice. When she gets her first look at the Arena she sighs. A forest. Typical. She shivers inside her thin yellow jacket. She knows she's going to go out with a whimper. oOo District Ten - Female - Sue-Ellen - 18 Sue-Ellen's a vegetarian. She has been since she was ten. She knows she's an oddity in the district known for its livestock. But she can't abide killing. She's got no problem with milk or eggs but she's seen what happens to the animals in the slaughterhouses. She knows that they do feel pain and fear and she can taste it in the meat. It tastes like ashes. Her parents shrugged their shoulders and continued eating their sausage and steaks. If the girl wants to starve herself, that's her choice. Her brothers just snag her portion, wolfing it down greedily. They know that she'll come around eventually. There isn't enough food to be on her high horse like that. She doesn't. Sue-Ellen grows thin and her hair becomes lank, but she still doesn't eat meat. She takes out as many tesserae as she can so she can feed herself. Her family's well off. They don't need the extra grain and oil. So Sue-Ellen gets it all. It's enough. And she feels good for figuring out a way to survive. Until her name is called. She's got fifty-six slips in the bowl. The odds were stacked against her. She goes up onto the stage, her head high. She doesn't bother with the weapons stations during training, spending all of her time at the edible plants and camouflage stations. The trainers just roll their eyes at her and the Gamemakers write her off. She gets a score of one because she refuses to show off during her private session. She hates the Games. Hates everything they stand for. She wants nothing to do with them and this is the only way she can show them. She hasn't eaten meat in eight years because killing animals is wrong. Killing children is worse. And she wants nothing to do with killing. oOo District Four - Female - Moira - 17 "You'll be fine, sweetie," her mother soothes. "You've got nothing to worry about." "Of course I don't. Everyone feels sorry for the cripple." Moira glances down at her withered arm. A fishing accident. Her arm had been trapped in a coil of rope on one of the vessels and, by the time she'd been freed, her biceps and triceps had been severed and the arm was useless. It's one hell of a price to pay to avoid having to be in the Games. No wonder nobody else is willing to pay it. So when her name is called, Moira goes up onstage and looks at the rest of the girls expectantly. Someone should volunteer for her. That's how it works in Four. Everyone takes tesserae, and if somebody too young or too unsuitable is chosen, one of the members of the Career camp volunteers. That's how it works. That's how it always works. So why isn't anyone volunteering? She mouths the word please. Several girls avert their eyes. She stares at them incredulously. Why isn't anyone volunteering? They know she doesn't have a chance. Not with her arm. But no one does. As she's packed off into the Justice Building, she shoots an accusatory glance over her shoulder. Several girls look ashamed, others look relieved. This isn't the year for volunteers. oOo District Two - Male - Cato - 18 Clove is dead. What use are the Games now? Clove is dead. She died this morning of the flu. That stupid flu took away the one thing that mattered most to him. What is he going to do now? This was supposed to be his year. Then next year Clove would win and then they'd get married. Now that dream is gone. The escort calls out the name of a boy in the fourteen year old section and everyone turns to look at him. What's the use of volunteering? There's nothing to live for. "Cato…" the boy standing next to him hisses. "That's your cue!" "Fuck off." "Dude, Clove wouldn't want you chicken out like this. You've got to do this for her." The boy's right. Clove would hate him acting like this. He'll volunteer. For Clove. He'll give the Capitol a good fight and a good death. He'll bring honor to his district. To his family. To Clove. He'll make her proud. He'll do this. For her. oOo District Six - Male - Spork - 14 It's raining. He doesn't like the rain. It's wet and cold and he'd rather be back home with his mama and Chewy. Chewy's his dog. He loves his dog. He plays fetch and barks at people and chases Mrs. Elmtree's cat and he's funny. He loves Chewy. The other kids in the home like Chewy too. They all want to sleep with them. But Chewy sleeps with him. Because Chewy's his friend. His best friend. But not his only friend. Today he gets to see Mark and Mike and Ford and Pontiac and Flint and Caddy and everyone. No, not everyone. Ford's sleeping. Spork's mama told him Ford was real tired and couldn't play no more. Spork was real sad. Especially when they put Ford in that hole in the ground. Spork cried even though Mike Mikelson said crying's for sissies. Spork's not a sissy. He just misses Ford. But Chewy made it all better. Chewy makes everything better. He waves at his friends after getting his prick. He doesn't like the pricks but they're over soon and he always gets to see his friends. He likes his friends and he's got Chewy with him. Chewy goes everywhere with him. Flint and Mark say hi to him and make a joke about Chewy. Spork laughs because it's funny. At least he thinks it's funny, all the other boys laughed so he should too. Chewy's often funny. The lady