Disclaimer: The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. This is a parody fanwork by fans for fans. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork. Most of the carols mentioned are traditional and in the public domain, the only ones that aren't are "Silver Bells" by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans; "I'll Be Home for Christmas" by Kim Gannon, Walter Kent and Buck Ram; "Light One Candle" by Peter Yarrow; and "Somewhere in My Memory" by John Williams. Carols of the Districts By FanficAllergy oOo Although Panem was a wholly secular society, there were still traces of the civilization that came before. The one that ruled before the Cataclysm. The one whose fallen cities were still occasionally used as battlefields for children to fight to the death in. When it came to the midwinter holiday, each district had its own way of celebrating. oOo Capitol - Lo, How a Rose E'er Blooming The Capitol didn't see the midwinter holiday as anything other than a celebration of the end of the Victory Tour and a chance to give friends and family extravagant gifts. The whole thing had turned into a competition as to who could give the best gifts. But no one could beat President Snow in that regard. Every year, he unveiled a new species of rose that he named after whoever he felt was the most important person to touch Panem that year. In the year of the Seventy Fourth Hunger Games, the rose unveiled that year was a beautiful white rose with delicate lavender veining along the outside petals and a deep orange center hidden within. The scent evoked memories of spicy sugar cookies and freshly baked bread. Snow called it The Lovers' Rose. All who saw it marveled at the flower's beauty. The only downside, they said, was that when cut the flower withered and died so quickly. Such a shame, really, since it was such a masterfully constructed flower. oOo District One - Silver Bells The midwinter holiday was one of the busiest in District One. They had so many orders to fulfill for the Capitol and everyone had to have them quickly and with bells on. Literally. As the artisans and jewelers rushed to make all of their orders, the metal smiths made bells. Thousands of them. At least one for every order. Those bells that weren't good enough for the Capitol were saved for the district itself and carefully strung together on wire and hung up in the tribute graveyard as a reminder of what happens when you didn't please the Capitol. oOo District Two - I'll Be Home for Christmas The midwinter holiday was always bittersweet in District Two. On one hand, it was a time of rest and celebration since the stonecutters were allowed to leave the quarries because it was too cold to mine the stone safely. Violent freezing and thawing and all of that. So as soon as the temperatures dropped too far below freezing, the work crews would bundle up and return home to their families. It was always a time of celebration. On the other hand, many families were missing a member in the Peacekeepers Corps. It was an honor to serve the Capitol, to be sure. But when all of the rest of the families were celebrating reuniting with their loved ones, the Peacekeepers' families had to content themselves with hurried phone calls and redacted cards. But that wasn't enough. Not until their tour of duty was over, could the Peacekeepers come home. And that time couldn't come fast enough for most families. oOo District Three - Light One Candle People were often surprised that in a technologically advanced district like Three candles were still used, but for the people of Three it was the candle's very archaic nature that appealed to them and it was why in all of their ceremonies real candles were used rather than the special flickering lights they manufactured for the Capitol. For eight nights, they would light a candle and place it in a special candleholder and then put the candleholder in the window. Until at the end of the eighth night, there were eight candles burning. Each candle had its own significance. The first was lit to remember all those who had died of old age during the year. The second was for all those who didn't make it through their first year. The third for those lost in accidents. The fourth for those who took their own lives, a surprisingly high number. The fifth for those lost to illness. The sixth for those lost for other reasons, typically to the Capitol taking them. The seventh and eighth candles were lit for the two tributes sacrificed each year to the Hunger Games. Even if one of Three's tributes won that year, a candle was still lit for them, because no matter how much their heart still beat in their chest something inside of them had died. It was rumored that the tradition of lighting candles was in celebration of a miracle that happened long ago in some distant land. The people of Three found that hard to believe. But they never stopped hoping that one day a miracle would occur and they would no longer have reason to light candles. oOo District Four - I Saw Three Ships District Four was the only district whose holiday celebrations had a more practical meaning. Each day, for three days, three fishing ships would sail off in the morning and return three days later, their holds filled with fish. The three ships stayed together while out and sailed back into port together. Nine boats in total over a period of six days. Unlike the rest of the year, there were no quotas. No required catches. All of the fish caught in that time would go for the district itself. For three days, District Four would feast on the fish that didn't preserve as well or those delicacies, like fish roe, that were best when fresh. Then the flurry of preserving would take place. Most years there'd be enough fish caught to feed the district for much of the year. But not always. Oftentimes one or more of the ships would get lost at sea in a storm. So it was always with great relief when the voice of a child perched high in a lookout called out "I saw three ships!" It was the best part of the year. oOo District Five - Auld Lang Syne In Five, there wasn't much of a celebration other than the toast. On December thirty first, each man, woman, and child would take an empty mug and go to the center of the square. The same place where the Reaping took place. There they got in line and each got a dribble of something alcoholic in their glass. No more than a mouthful. Nothing more than that was needed. When everyone had their ration, the Mayor went up and raised his own mug up and the district mimicked his action. "To kindness in the coming year and to those that kindness forgot!" he said as loud as he could without the aid of a microphone. In response, the district answered back with, "To kindness!" And then everyone took a sip from their glass. oOo District Six - Jingle Bells Most of the other districts didn't know that Six was known for its horses. Horses were a form of transportation and Six bred them up just as much as they built the cars, trains, and hovercraft the Capitol and the other districts so relied on. In the winter, the horse farms of Six offered sleigh rides as a way to train the horses used for the parade in the Capitol. A sleigh wasn't that much different from a chariot and it was good training. Over the years, the farmers would accumulate bells as gifts from grateful Capitol patrons and they'd sew them to old harnesses so that the bells would jingle. The children loved it. None of them ever knew that the horses they'd played behind in the winter would be used to escort two of their own to their deaths each summer. oOo District Seven - O Tannenbaum Each family in Seven had what was called a Family Tree. It was planted in the front yard of each house when a new family moved in and cut down when the family moved out or died. The size of the tree was a point of pride and many families refused to move to better housing, even if they could afford it, because they didn't want to lose their tree. Most trees were pine or spruce. But there were some fir trees as well. In winter, families would try to outdo each other with decorating their trees. Even the poorest families would participate, making wax paper chains or bows out of rags. Then, on the longest night of the year, each family would place a candle on top of the tree and light it, letting it burn all night. For one night of the year, Seven was as brightly lit as the Capitol. oOo District Eight - Away in the Manger In Eight, the textile mills didn't run one day a year. That day was Christmas. A holiday that was no longer acknowledged by the Capitol, but was celebrated in Eight with singular devotion. No gifts were given; instead, the families set up a little display signifying Jesus, Mary, and Joseph along with the other people present at the Savior's birth. Each member of the family would work to add to the crèche: a sheep, a wiseman, a shepherd, etc. It didn't matter what, just that it was completed by the time the person moved out. Only those tributes taken in the Games never completed their figurines. When a couple was married, the bride received a Mary figurine and the groom a Joseph one. It was tradition that they would make the center piece together: the wife the baby, the husband the manger. Then, on their first Christmas, they would set up the small display. Only then, would they be considered truly married. oOo District Nine - Here We Come A' Wassailing Like in Five, the midwinter celebration in Nine was based around drinking. Unlike in Five, the participants received more than just a mouthful. Each family would nominate an unmarried member of their family to perform the Wassail Walk. Of the nominees, ten people would be chosen. Those ten would have to go from door to door, singing old songs, and at each house they would have to stop and each drink a cup of wassail: mulled wine, beer, or hard cider. The point was to see which of the ten would make it the furthest. Most years they barely managed to make it through the town before falling over. But some years, they made it out to the farmhands' section of town where the wassail would be of poorer quality. It was considered good luck to be visited by all of the wassailers, and the luck got progressively worse as more and more of the ten passed out. Only three times had one of the ten actually managed to drink their way across the whole district. Those years, coincidentally, were also the years that Nine had winners in the Hunger Games. The winner, if they didn't die of alcohol poisoning, was given a cask of beer from the brewer and several loaves of bread from the baker as a reward for the luck they brought to the houses of Nine. oOo District Ten - While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks by Night While taking care of animals never ended, the people of District Ten had worked out a system so that everyone got to spend one midwinter holiday with their family. There were four holidays they celebrated, Chanukah, Yule, Christmas, and New Year's Day or Chayulmas Days as most of the people in