Disclaimer: The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. This is a parody fanwork by fans for fans. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork. Words of Revolution by FanficAllergy and RoseFyre oOo Prim hated her words. * I'm sorry about your sister. * was etched in a dark red messy scrawl down her left side. Nothing good could come from those words. And everyone knew it. Her mother and father forced her to keep her words hidden from Katniss. They didn't want to scare her. They wanted her to have a normal life. Prim understood. Even if she thought it was a little silly, because everyone suffered in Panem. Especially those in District Twelve. Still, she did as they asked. It was the first secret Prim kept from her big sister. It wouldn't be the last. When she got older, Prim started to make up scenarios in her head about how she and her soulmate might meet, ways that weren't so terrible. Maybe Katniss lost a sports competition. Or got sick. Or she didn't meet her soulmate until they were really old, and Katniss died of old age. Nothing said that you had to meet your soulmate when you were young. For all Prim knew, she'd meet the person the universe felt was her best match at the ripe old age of sixty. That wouldn't be so bad. She knew her soulmate was older than her, but well, lots of people were older than her. Hell, Rory Hawthorne was older than her, but only by three days. Not like that stopped him from lording it over her. So maybe things would work out. Maybe everyone would be wrong. Except Prim had a horrible suspicion that they were right. oOo Prim dreaded Reaping Day. Not for herself, but for her sister. What better time to meet * I'm sorry about your sister. * than during the hour when people got to say goodbye? She hoped her soulmate wasn't a Peacekeeper, although it was possible. She wasn't sure what she'd do about that. The Capitol frowned on soulmates. Tried to pretend they didn't exist. It'd be just her luck to find her soulmate and then immediately get arrested for subscribing to ancient superstitions like soulmarks. So on the afternoon of her very first Reaping, Prim stood under the hot June sun, staring at Effie Trinket in shock. The woman had just called her name. Almost as if she were in a dream, she heard Katniss cry out, "I volunteer as tribute!" Prim turned to Katniss, an expression of horror forming on her face. "No!" she screamed. "No!" She felt someone's strong arms pick her up and carry her away from the square. Gale. She fought and clawed, trying to get free, to make her way up to the stage. This couldn't be happening. Not now. oOo No one said anything when she entered the poshly decorated room where Katniss was waiting to say her goodbyes. Good. Maybe she was wrong. Maybe this wasn't the day. Although now an even worse possibility reared its head: Katniss would die in the Games and that's when her soulmate would say the words. Prim turned her eyes to her sister. "Promise me you'll win!" "I'll do my best." "No! Promise! You've got to do it! Please, Katniss! For me." "I'll try, Little Duck." Katniss's voice belied her words. "That's not good enough. You're strong. You can hunt." "I don't know how much good that's gonna be in the Arena." Prim wanted to argue with her sister more, but one of the waiting Peacekeepers called time. She could hear her sister crying out, "I love you! I love you both!" as the Peacekeepers dragged both Prim and their mother away. Out in the hallway, Prim leaned against the paneled walls of the Justice Building and sobbed. Her mother tried to comfort her, awkwardly patting her on the back, which only made Prim cry harder. She heard the door next to her sister's room open and close and the sound of footsteps in the hall. A young man's voice spoke up. "I'm sorry about your sister." Prim heard her mother gasp and the young girl turned her eyes to see who'd just spoken the hated words. It was Peeta Mellark's brother. The one who could've volunteered for him, but hadn't. Bing. The baker's middle son, winner of this year's wrestling tournament, and the subject of many a schoolgirl crush, including several of Prim's friends. Unbidden, the words sprung to her lips. "No. Not you. It can't be you. This wasn't supposed to happen now. You were supposed to wait!" "Oh shit." oOo The atmosphere in the back room of the bakery was tense. Mrs. Mellark sat on one end of the room, glaring at her and her mother, while Mr. Mellark and his eldest son, Johnny, looked on anxiously. Bing was standing in one corner, his arms crossed over his chest, staring down at his feet. The young man looked like he wished he were anywhere else. Prim could relate. "So," Mrs. Mellark started in a clipped tone, "it seems like we have a bit of a situation." "You can say that again," Johnny muttered under his breath, earning an elbow from his father. A sharp glare from Mrs. Mellark stilled them both. "So. What are we going to do about this?" she asked, turning back to the Everdeens. "I don't see why we need to do anything, Ethel," Prim's mother said. "Prim's only twelve, and nothing says they have to get married now." "Nothing says they have to get married at all. Which, frankly, I think would be the best option." She regarded Prim through narrowed eyes. "Although I suppose I should be grateful that it's the younger one. At least she could pass for a merchant." "Mother!" Bing said, looking up from his shoes. "What? I'm just speaking the truth." "I think Lily's right," Mr. Mellark said. "It's far too early to start making plans, for anything." He stressed the last word. He turned to her. "Would you like a cookie, Prim?" Prim shook her head. "No thanks. I'm not very hungry." "I'll box a couple up for you two to take home. After all, we pretty much are family now." "Thank you, Matz," her mother said. "Just don't get any ideas that this is permanent," Mrs. Mellark snapped. Her mother sighed. "Trust us, Ethel. We won't." oOo Prim didn't see Bing for the next few days. Which was just fine with her. She'd rather spend the time watching Katniss and trying not to think about the future. She wasn't sure how she'd be able to face Bing anyways. She wanted her sister to come home. She needed her sister to come home. But for that to happen, that meant her soulmate's brother had to die. The twelve year old felt horrible. There was a knock at the door a few minutes before Mandatory Viewing on the night of the interviews. Curious as to who it might be, Prim answered it to see Bing standing there, cradling two loaves of bread in his hands. "Hi," he said, shuffling back and forth from foot to foot. "Hi," Prim echoed. She looked around. "You want to come in?" The older boy nodded, stepping into her house. Her mother was someplace else, tending to a couple of eighteen year old boys who'd gotten into a brawl at the after-Reaping party. Prim wished she'd taken her mother up on the offer to go with her, but she hadn't wanted to see anyone. Now she was regretting her choice. "Um… I meant it," Bing said. "Meant what?" "What I said in the Justice Building. I'm sorry about your sister." "I meant it too," Prim replied, lifting her chin. "I didn't want to meet you now. Why couldn't you have said that to me next year, after Katniss lost a spelling bee or something? Why'd you have to say it now?" "I don't know," Bing said. "Guess the universe just hates me." "It hates me worse," Prim shot back. "Have you met my mother?" "Ha ha, very funny." "Sorry." Bing fiddled with the bread in his hands. "It's my defense mechanism. I make jokes when I'm nervous." "Why are you nervous?" He gave her a look. "Duh." A little light turned on in Prim's mind. "Are you saying I make you nervous?" "Well, yeah. It's not every day that you find your soulmate standing in the Justice Building." "I suppose. But that doesn't explain why you're nervous." "It's just… you're twelve! I'm eighteen! I mean, yeah, I knew you were young, but I was hoping we'd meet, I don't know, maybe at your final after-Reaping party. You'd be drunk and I'd offer to escort you home and you'd snap at me, but it would all be fine." She frowned. "Just… what are my words?" She couldn't quite remember what she'd say that day in the Justice Building. He lifted his shirt to expose his left side. In her neat penmanship, she saw her words in bright yellow, the color of her namesake. * No. Not you. It can't be you. This wasn't supposed to happen now. You were supposed to wait! * "Okay, that's enough," Prim said. Bing gratefully tugged his shirt back down. "Can I see mine?" Prim shook her head. "Are they someplace naughty?" Prim shook her head again. "No. They're just… here." She motioned to her side. "But I'd have to take my shirt off to show them to you." "Oh. Yeah, no," Bing said with a slight shudder. "I don't have to see them right now." "Thank you." He shifted his weight. "So… I'm sorry I'm not the soulmate you wanted." Prim felt a little twinge of guilt go through her. "I didn't say that. I just… didn't want to meet you now." "I know the feeling." oOo Over the next couple of days, Prim and Bing spent more and more time together. When Katniss dropped the tracker jacker nest on the pack of Careers, Prim felt obligated to apologize on her sister's behalf. "I'm sure she's not trying to kill your brother!" "Can't really blame her," Bing said in response. "I mean, he is with the Careers. And he did proclaim on television that he was in love with her. I'm surprised she didn't clock him one." "I'm surprised she didn't either," Prim said. "Katniss doesn't like surprises." "That's something you two have in common," Bing said with a wry twist to his lips. "I'm sorry." Bing sighed. "I'm sorry too. This is all my fault. If I'd volunteered for Peeta like your sister volunteered for you, none of this would've happened." "But you don't know that. And it could've been worse! What if you had volunteered and gone into the Games? You and I wouldn't have met when we did, but the words mean that we're gonna meet," Prim exclaimed. Everyone knew if you had words written on your skin, you were going to meet that person. Her mother hypothesized that the only reason there were so few soulmarks nowadays was because of the ban on travel instituted by the Capitol. She thought everyone had a soulmate, but if you couldn't meet them, you didn't get the marks. It made sense. "It's destiny," she continued. "The only way you could still say my words if you'd volunteered would be because you won. Then you'd be apologizing for my sister being dead!" His eyes widened as he realized the truth in her words. "At least Katniss has a chance now. At least you're not the one responsible for her being dead." "You're not either," Bing said quickly. Prim shook her head sadly. "We both know that's not true." There was nothing he could say to that. oOo The train from the Capitol arrived, carrying the press team to conduct the final eight interviews. The team of four was housed in the