Disclaimer: The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. This is a parody fanwork by fans for fans. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork. Note: This one-shot takes place in my "The Parts We Play " universe where Prim volunteers to take a pregnant Katniss's place. It could fit in someplace between chapters four and six of Spectator . Tribute By Fanfic Allergy oOo District One - Male - Marvel Marvel has been planning for this his whole life. He'd enter the training academy when he was ten, the youngest age allowed, and then when he was eighteen he'd volunteer for the Games. He'd put on a good show for the Capitol and then go on to win the Games and come home to One a hero. When he told his mother this, when he was eight, she just smiled sadly at him. From then on, she focused all of her attention and love on his little sister. But it didn't matter, his father was proud of him and he'll be even prouder still when Marvel wins the Games. After school, he'd sneak off to the academy to watch the potentials go through their paces, then he'd mimic them. A few times, the potentials caught him spying, but rather than chewing him out they went out of their way to put on a good show for him. The day he entered the academy was the happiest in his life. He liked the other potentials, even though they were all competing for a handful of spots. They all knew that the tribute for that year was chosen at the trials a week before the Reaping. The potential with the highest scores in running, weapons, charisma, and looks would be chosen. Marvel knew that in a few years that spot would be his. And it is. He scored highly in looks and charisma. But it's his skill with a spear that earned him his spot as potential of the year. So when some thirteen year old kid's name is called out for the Seventy Fourth Hunger Games, he puts his hand in the air and calls out "I volunteer!" As he swaggers up on stage he thinks, this is it. He's on his way to being the hero he always dreamed of being. It's good enough for him. oOo District One - Female - Glimmer Glimmer has been dreading this day her whole life. When she was ten, her father pulled her aside and told her that she was going to be going to the academy. She didn't want to go, but it didn't matter. If she didn't go, one of her brothers would have to. She knows the statistics. One has more female victors than male ones. She has a better chance than either Kay or Levion. The Capitol expects legacy tributes to compete in the Games and if one family member doesn't compete, it is pretty much guaranteed that another family member will. One found that out the hard way when fraternal twins Ruby and Cecil Cartier were both reaped in the Thirty Sixth Games after their older brother DeBeers had made it through without volunteering. They'd both been killed when Beetee Lee from Three dropped his electric net on them. It was a clear warning. So when another eighteen year old potential's name is called, Glimmer meets her father's eyes and raises her hand to volunteer. He nods at her sadly before slipping on the mask he always tries to wear for the Capitol. She takes the hint. She smiles brightly and flounces up to take her place on the stage next to the idiot boy who is going to be her ally this year. She is still going to try to win. But even if she doesn't, she knows that her brothers are safe. It's good enough for her. oOo District Two - Male - Cato Cato doesn't even know which unlucky slop he volunteers for. He doesn't care. He knows he's going to win. He's going to bring glory to his district and he's going to make Clove proud of him. He might even have enough money with the winnings to be able to buy Clove those gold embossed throwing knives she's been eyeing as an engagement present. This is going to be the best Games ever. oOo District Two - Female - Clove At first Clove doesn't care that her name has been pulled from the Reaping bowl. It is Cleo's year to volunteer. Cleo doesn't volunteer. Clove whips her head around to stare at the red haired girl in the eighteen year old section. The girl sees her and just smirks. The bitch! Clove knew that she was one of the girls who'd pursued Cato hard, even going so far as to trap Cato in a broom closet with them. If she didn't know Cato as well as she did, she'd have ended it with him right there and then. But she knows Cato. And Cato is loyal through and through. Once he gives his word, he doesn't break it. It's his own personal code of honor. It's one of the things she loves about him. Clove tries to steel her face into an expression of arrogance, but she's seething inside. Once she gets home from the Games, Cleo will suffer. Then it hits her, if she comes home that means Cato won't. She catches his eye and he smiles at her and her heart breaks a little inside. The idiot. He's going to do something stupid. She knows it. This is going to be the worst Games ever. oOo District Three - Male - Axel Axel is completely unsurprised when his name is selected from the Reaping ball. His father is wholly surprised since several years ago he'd hacked the system to never print out any of his family's names. What's a few slips amidst thousands? No one would notice and his family would be safe. Axel disagrees. So this year he undid his father's hack and made one small change of his own. All of the slips in the male bowl have Axel's name on them. He also fixed the hacks on the female bowl, no more favorites or exceptions. Everyone gets an equal shot. He hopes his father will understand someday why he made the choice he did. And he intends to win. He's got a strategy and he thinks he can match or beat Six-In-One-Blow Beetee Lee. It doesn't matter. At least now, things are as fair as they'll ever be in Panem. oOo District Three - Female - Radi When the escort calls her name, Radi can't believe it. It's not fair! She only has four slips in the bowl. One of the kids from the Line should be called. Not her. Not an engineer's daughter! She's only fifteen. Her birthday's going to be the opening day of the Games. This isn't supposed to be happening. One of her friends nudges her to get up on stage before they drag her up and she moves. But the disbelief follows her. It follows her all the way into the Arena when she's killed struggling to get a backpack free. As she dies, she thinks on the irony that the day she was born is also the day she's going to die. It's just not fair! oOo District Four - Male - Reef When a twelve year old is called, Reef knows what he has to do. It's his year to take the fall for someone with no chance. It's okay. Annie Cresta did the same for his sister four years ago and even though she won, she's paid a horrible price. That's the way it works in Four. You pay it forward and you clear your debts. Annie's cousin gets to live another year and he gets to clear his debt. It's a fair trade. oOo District Four - Female - Coral It doesn't happen often that both tributes from Four volunteer. Most of the time, if the tribute called is over the age of sixteen, that person takes their chances, Career or no. But when a seventeen year old with a withered arm from a fishing accident is called, Coral volunteers. She's got a better chance than Moira does. Even if she doesn't make it, Moira's family will look after hers. It's a fair trade. oOo District Five - Female - Uranium Uranium doesn't care that her name's been called. It's just one more thing on the long list of things the universe has decided to torture her with. Her father died when she was little. An accident while repairing the large dam that's been there since before even the Dark Days. Her mother didn't last long after that. The official cause of death was heart failure brought on by a chemical imbalance. The real reason was that her mother drank herself to death. Too little food and too much bathtub tequila from excessive grief. Rani was almost grateful to go to the community home. Until she found out that she would be forced to take out tesserae to pay for her keep. That her name is called because of it doesn't surprise her in the least. In Five, about one out of every three tributes is from the community home. That's because they're the only kids in Five who take out tesserae. She smirks as she walks up on stage. If the universe wants to make her its butt monkey, she's not going to go down without a fight. She doesn't care if she takes the rest of Panem with her. This is not okay. oOo District Five - Male - Coil Coil slips off his glasses when his name is called. He doesn't want anyone in the Capitol to know his weakness. He's hoping that he can take them with him as his District Token and slip them back on when he's away from the bloodbath. It doesn't matter what his score is. Johanna Mason won her Games with a score of two. So long as people don't know his weakness, he'll be okay. oOo District Six - Male - Ford Ford hears his name and does his best to keep from crying. He's only fourteen. He knows his chances aren't very good. And he was never very athletic anyway. He just hopes he doesn't have to kill anyone. Even if he's going to die. He doesn't want to kill anyone. It would be wrong. oOo District Six - Female - Grata "No!" Grata cries when her name is called. "No! You must be wrong. You have to be wrong!" The escort looks down at her and sighs, making a motion to two of the Peacekeepers. She's going to be one of those tributes. Worthless. Grata screams and cries all the way up to the stage and one of the Peacekeepers has to forcibly hold her up to keep her from crumpling to the floor in grief. She didn't want to die. She hasn't even begun to live. And she knows she is going to die. She doesn't have any skills to speak of and is always picked last in gym class. Even the girl who everyone knows isn't right in the head gets picked before her. The one time she doesn't want to get picked for something, her name is called. "This is wrong," she whispers to herself between sobs. "This is so wrong." oOo District Seven - Female - Tacoma "Don't let them see you cry," her best friend whispers to Tacoma when her name is called. Tacoma nods and tries to imitate how Johanna Mason was after the Games the best she can. The only chance she has is to make herself seem like she has a bigger personality than she really does. She's strong, she knows. Maybe she can use that to her advantage. It doesn't hurt to try. oOo District Seven - Male - Elm "Fuck," Elm