Disclaimer: The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. This is a parody fanwork by fans for fans. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork. The song the "Twelve Days of Christmas" is public domain and based off of an Old English Folk Song. The Twelve Days of the Hunger Games By Fanfic Allergy oOo On the First Day of the Hunger Games, My Sponsors sent to me, A Partridge with Pear Jelly. Finnick Odair was surprised to receive a gift so soon after the bloodbath ended. It wasn't normal, but as his mentor, Mags, told him his looks weren't normal either. Flashing a cheeky grin that he hoped conveyed the right combination of gratitude and arrogance he tore a leg off of the partridge and bit into it in what he hoped was a flirtatious way. It couldn't hurt to court the Capitol audiences. oOo On the Second Day of the Hunger Games, My Sponsors sent to me, Two Pairs of Gloves, And a Partridge with Pear Jelly. Finnick Odair was surprised to get a second gift at a little after noon on the second day of the Games. He didn't really need one since he'd joined the Career Pack as planned and they had plenty of food and weapons. Opening the package up, he saw two pairs of gloves: one lacy with no fingers, the other warm woolen ones like the kind he'd seen people in northern districts wearing on the various propos. He tossed the lace ones to his district partner and put the second set into his pack. Under the gloves was another container holding another partridge. Shrugging his shoulders at the repetition, he helped himself to some of the breast meat before passing the food around to the rest of his allies. Better stay on their good side for now. oOo On the Third Day of the Hunger Games, My Sponsors sent to me, Three Switchblades, Two Pairs of Gloves, And a Partridge with Pear Jelly. "Another one?" his district partner asked him as the little silver parachute floated down to Finnick. He shrugged. "I must have a secret admirer," he answered, flashing the grin he knew the Capitol audiences loved. But on the inside, Finnick Odair was as confused as the girl standing watch with him. He opened the gift to find three small knife handles with little buttons on them. At the touch of his thumb, a small blade about three inches long, sprung out of the handle. It wasn't a long enough of a blade to be all that useful as a weapon so he was even more confused that someone would send him one. Let alone three. Under the switchblades, there were two more pairs of gloves. One pair had knitted snowmen on them while the other pair was plain white cotton. Neither of them were very good for survival. His partner wrinkled her nose. "Your admirer has crap taste." He didn't say anything as he pulled out the final gift. The partridge with pear jelly. "But at least we don't have to waste our time with hunting or gathering," she amended when she saw the bird. "Who said I was going to share this with you?" Finnick asked. "Me, if you know what's good for you." Handing her the bird and one of the switchblades, he wondered what the next day was going to bring. oOo On the Fourth Day of the Hunger Games, My Sponsors sent to me, Four Coils of Wire, Three Switchblades, Two Pairs of Gloves, And a Partridge with Pear Jelly. Finnick Odair was alone when he got his fourth sponsorship gift. He eyed it curiously wondering if the theme of useless items would continue. He opened the package to find that, yes, indeed they did. He sighed. Inside of the container were four spools of wire ranging in thickness and color and quantity greeted him. Some of it would be good for setting snares, but most was too thin and shiny. He pulled out the switchblades and the pairs of gloves, one of them in thin dark leather, the other brightly colored calico with butterflies and flowers on them. The leather ones he pulled on. Then he went about setting a few snares with the one spool of useful wire. He hoped he would catch something. He was starting to get sick of partridge. oOo On the Fifth Day of the Hunger Games, My Sponsors sent to me, Five Mockingjay Pins, Four Coils of Wire, Three Switchblades, Two Pairs of Gloves, And a Partridge with Pear Jelly. Finnick Odair was not as fortunate as the previous day when his gift arrived. Instead of coming while he was alone or with one of his allies, it arrived just as he was facing off against the boy from Twelve. He'd stumbled over the thin tribute, quite literally, when he was on his way to the bathroom. Alone and without most of his weapons, he was almost evenly matched against the older boy with black hair. Then the parachute arrived. The boy looked at it in confusion and Finnick rolled his eyes. "Excuse me a moment." "I don't think so," the boy rumbled, brandishing the tree branch he was holding as a weapon menacingly. "Oh would you stop that! I can almost guarantee nothing in this will hurt you." Then a horrible idea struck him. "In fact, why don't you take it? I'm not really in the mood to fight at the moment." The tribute from Twelve looked even more confused. "Go on," Finnick said with a little shooing motion. "I promise not to jump you." The other boy shrugged and opened the package. Finnick could see the confusion on the other tribute's face. The boy looked at him and then back at the gift. "What are your sponsors smoking?" he asked, completely baffled by the contents. "I have no idea," Finnick answered honestly. "Who in the hell sends jewelry to a tribute in the Games? Let alone five mockingjay pins?" the other boy continued as if he hadn't heard Finnick. "And gloves. And wire? Dude, your gift sucks." Finnick grinned. "Not my gift. Yours. You earned it!" Giving the boy a jaunty salute, he turned on his heels and sprinted away through the woods. "Be seeing you!" The sounds of the boy from Twelve swearing followed him all the way back to camp. oOo On the Sixth Day of the Hunger Games, My Sponsors sent to me, Six Flints-a-Flaming, Five Mockingjay Pins, Four Coils of Wire, Three Switchblades, Two Pairs of Gloves, And a Partridge with Pear Jelly. "Hey Odair! You've got another one!" his ally from Two called out, pointing at the silver parachute falling from the sky. His district partner looked up from where she was lounging. "How many is that now?" There was an undeniable hint of jealousy in her tone. For his part, Finnick just grunted. "Too many," he answered. "You want it?" She shook her head. "Not if it's junk like last time." Finnick nodded and went to retrieve his package. Walking a little bit away from the rest of his alliance he opened the gift. Six rocks of varying sizes greeted him. "Someone up there has a sense of humor," he muttered to himself. He discarded the rocks next to him carelessly and pulled out the five mockingjay pins next. These were shoved in a pocket. If nothing else they could hold his clothing together if they got torn. Picking the rocks back up he put them in the box and carried it back over to his allies. "Here, help yourself, since we're allies and all," he said, setting the box down on the ground next to his three remaining allies: the girl from One, the boy from Two, and his district partner. The girl from One pulled out one of the rocks and looked at it. "You've got shitty sponsors, Odair." The boy from Two took out another rock and examined it. "Not too shitty. This is flint. Strike it with something iron or steel and you can make a fire." "Whatever," Finnick said, shrugging his shoulders. "I'm going to take my partridge and go over here for a nap. Wake me when we're going to go hunting." He wondered how many more days of this he had left. oOo On the Seventh Day of the Hunger Games, My Sponsors sent to me, Seven Floats for Swimming, Six Flints-a-Flaming, Five Mockingjay Pins, Four Coils of Wire, Three Switchblades, Two Pairs of Gloves, And a Partridge with Pear Jelly. The alliance had broken and it was now every tribute for themselves. Finnick suspected his sponsorship gifts were part of the reason the Career Pack broke up earlier than expected. There were still seven non-Career tributes out there but tensions had been rising for the last three days. Finnick shrugged. It wasn't his fault someone crazy was sending him useless gifts. Even the partridge was only good for a day and wasn't enough to fill him up. He wondered if he was going to get another gift and if this one would be useful. As if it were able to read his thoughts, a silver parachute floated down next to him. Rolling his eyes, he opened the gift and goggled. "Floats? You've got to be kidding?" But the package didn't change. Lying on top of the other gifts were seven bright orange floats like the kind used by swimming teachers in Four wrapped around the kids' upper arms to keep them from sinking. Finnick was already a good swimmer and hadn't needed floats like that in almost ten years. But even worse in his mind was that this Arena didn't have any large bodies of water. Only a small stream about a foot deep and a few springs. Looking up at the sky he cried, "Why are you doing this to me?" There was no response. oOo On the Eighth Day of the Hunger Games, My Sponsors sent to me, Eight Hooks for Fishing, Seven Floats for Swimming, Six Flints-a-Flaming, Five Mockingjay Pins, Four Coils of Wire, Three Switchblades, Two Pairs of Gloves, And a Partridge with Pear Jelly. "Oh for fuck's sake! Really! Fishhooks!" he exploded in frustration. He stalked away from the gift, not even bothering to see what else was in the basket. When the boy from Twelve happened upon it later, he chuckled and helped himself to the useful items. Then he slipped off into the woods, following Finnick's tracks. No point in letting things go to waste. oOo On the Ninth Day of the Hunger Games, My Sponsors sent to me, Nine Shoes for Dancing, Eight Hooks for Fishing, Seven Floats for Swimming, Six Flints-a-Flaming, Five Mockingjay Pins, Four Coils of Wire, Three Switchblades, Two Pairs of Gloves, And a Partridge with Pear Jelly. With a feeling of dread, Finnick opened his gift for the day. He'd considered not bothering, but he was hungry and if nothing else there was the partridge. Nine shoes lay on top of the pile of gifts. Nine mismatched, different sized, some very clearly female shoes. He picked up a high heeled shoe about three sizes too small for his foot in bright pink and looked at it in disgust. What were his mentors thinking? "Someone up there either really loves you or really hates you, Four," the voice of the tribute from Twelve rang out. Finnick jumped to his feet, startled at the interruption. The older boy just smirked at him, cleaning under his nails with one of the switchblades he'd taken from Finnick's care package. "What are you doing here?" Finnick asked, clearly wary. The other boy snorted. "Seeing what kind of crap your sponsors send you next. From what I'm seeing from here, it makes me glad I don't have any." "They aren't so bad!" Finnick felt compelled to say. "Some of it's pretty useful!" "Yeah right, Cinderella." "Why'd you call me that?" The