Disclaimer: The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. This is a parody fanwork by fans for fans. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork. Make Your Own Luck by FanficAllergy and RoseFyre oOo Peeta Mellark wasn't born with his words. When he was about six months old, his words appeared in blocky forest green letters on the top of his left foot, reading * All right. I can send one of the Capitol people to help you. * He didn't really understand what that meant until his father told him. He was five years old. It was the first day of school. And he'd just announced that, when he was old enough, he was going to marry Katniss Everdeen. His mother lost it, bursting into tears. "You'll never marry that Everdeen girl!" Her voice broke on Katniss's last name. She dashed at her cheeks angrily. "You'll never marry anyone! Ever!" Peeta felt his lower lip start to quiver. "Prissy…" his father tried, "he's just a boy. We don't need to do this now." "No, Jaffa! I'm not going to lie to him!" "Now's not the right time!" "Momma? Poppa?" Peeta's brother Pan asked, his eyes wide. "You boys go to your room," his mother ordered. "Take your bread and go!" "I thought we weren't supposed to eat…" Bannock, the eldest, protested. "I said go!" They went. The three of them could hear their parents arguing downstairs. "What'd you do, Peeta?" Pan asked. The little boy shook his head. He had no idea why his Mommy would be so upset or why his Dad seemed shaken. That night, after both of his brothers had fallen asleep, Peeta's father sat him down and explained the significance of his words. "The only reason you'd ever meet a Capitol person," he'd said, "is if you were in the Hunger Games." There was a sadness in his father's voice which confused Peeta. "But aren't the Games a good thing?" "That's what the Capitol says. All I know is it's been a long time since we've had anyone come home from them." "I'll come home," Peeta said with all of the certainty that a five year old can muster. His father pulled him into a smothering hug. "I hope so, Peet," he murmured against his son's pale curls. He drew back, looking down at the little boy. "But I'm afraid if you do, that means your soulmate won't." "What do you mean, Dad?" "Just… it sounds like the first time you meet them, they're there with you." The solution seemed simple to Peeta. "So we both win!" "That's not how the Games work, son. Twenty four people enter the Arena, only one leaves." "It's not fair!" Peeta exclaimed, feeling tears well up in his eyes. "No, it's not. But there's nothing we can do about it." oOo It was hard growing up with a death sentence. His mother, never the warmest person to begin with, made an extra effort not to care about her youngest son. She didn't always succeed. He'd sometimes catch her watching him with an expression of sorrow on her features. Peeta assumed she stayed away because she didn't want to grow attached. He supposed he could understand. It still hurt. Unfortunately, her behavior spilled over to his brothers. Pan and Bannock followed their mother's lead, keeping their distance from Peeta, never including him in their play. Only his father showed him any affection, and even that was guarded. He knew his son was going into the Games. The question was not if, but when. Peeta tried to live what little life he had to the fullest. Knowing that he was going to die before age nineteen was kind of freeing. He didn't have to worry about making friends or getting good grades. He could focus his time and energy on the things he liked, like art. Or watching Katniss Everdeen from afar. Even after his mother's proclamation, he still loved her. He didn't think he'd ever be able to stop. Loving Katniss Everdeen was as essential to him as breathing. He thought about talking to her several times, but decided never to do it. What if they became friends? What if they fell in love? He was going to die. He didn't have the heart to subject her to that, not when she was so happy, not when she had everything to live for. It was better to love her from afar. He wondered sometimes what her words were, if she had any. Soulmates were rare in Panem. If his words didn't come with a death sentence, Peeta would've been happy to have them. So he just watched her covertly, hoping that whoever married her knew just how amazing she really was. oOo When he was nine, Peeta cornered Haymitch Abernathy, bribing him with some of his family's special fruitcake rum. "You won the Hunger Games." Haymitch eyed the alcohol before taking a swig. "That's what they tell me." "How?" "I was the last tribute left alive at the end." "I know that," Peeta said, snatching the bottle back. "How come you were the last one left alive?" Narrowing his eyes at the boy, Haymitch stated, "Got lucky." "So how do you get lucky?" "You make your own luck." "You know, you're not very helpful," Peeta told the man. Haymitch snorted. "That's what my escort tells me. Pain in the ass." He blinked at Peeta. "What's it to ya, kid?" Peeta didn't bother answering, at least not in words. Untying his shoes, he pulled off his socks and shoes, revealing the words etched in green on his skin. Haymitch let out a low whistle. "Damn, kid. That's some shitty ass luck right there." "Tell me about it." "Any idea who 'I'll get the Capitol' is?" "No idea," Peeta answered, putting his shoes back on, double-knotting them out of habit. His father had taught him very early never to let his shoes come loose. "Just that they're around the same age as me." "Yeah, that's not helpful." Haymitch held his hands out for the rum. "So what're you gonna do about it?" "I don't know," Peeta replied, giving him back the bottle. "Make sure they win." Taking a deep swallow, Haymitch grunted, "That's noble of you, boy." "Not so much noble as selfish," Peeta admitted. "I don't think I could live knowing that I let my soulmate die." "I hear ya." The Victor rubbed at the back of his neck. Peeta tilted his head in curiosity, but the man refused to elaborate, steering the conversation very obviously away from the subject. Peeta let him. "So what do you want me to do about that? I assume you're plying me with your purloined spirits for a reason." "I want you to train me," Peeta said, mustering all of the authority a nine year old could. "That's illegal." "They do it in the other districts, there's no way that fourteen year old kid coulda won unless he'd been trained!" "Not disagreeing with ya." He belched. "I'm just tellin' you the law." "Screw the law!" Haymitch chuckled. "I like you, kid. You've got spunk. Alright. Stop by after school. Tell your parents you've got a job runnin' errands for me. Not gonna be that far off from the truth. I'm gonna run you ragged, boy." He looked at the nine-year-old, assessing him. "Are you ready?" "I was born ready." Haymitch just rolled his eyes. oOo Haymitch was telling the truth when he said he was going to be a tough taskmaster. The Victor didn't accept any excuses and complaints were met with even more work. Peeta spent his time doing the stupidest of things, like running back and forth to the Hob. Literally running. The man said it was to build up his endurance, but Peeta secretly thought the Victor's insistence on haste had more to do with the alcohol he brought back than any specified training regimen. He also enrolled Peeta in his school's wrestling team. Pan was already on it and didn't much like his little brother stealing his thunder. The two quickly became rivals, and their antagonism even spilled over at home. His parents didn't do anything to stop it. Which meant that Peeta often came to school or training sporting bruises courtesy of one Pan Mellark. Eventually, he began to see a method to the old drunk's madness. After several weeks of training, he began to notice that he was faster, leaner, stronger than many of the other boys in the district. Unfortunately, he wasn't taller. Genetics were not on his side for that one. Both of his parents were short and stocky, which meant Peeta was too. Normally he wouldn't mind, but he saw what kinds of tributes the Capitol favored. They liked their males tall, strong, and handsome. And Peeta knew he only had one out of the three. It would be okay, he told himself. He didn't need to be tall and handsome. Thanks to Haymitch Abernathy and his training, Peeta Mellark was going to make his own luck. oOo The one nice thing about living with a death sentence: it meant Peeta felt more free to do the kinds of things he wanted. And if that meant he could burn two loaves of bread and toss them to the girl he'd been in love with for almost seven years, then by gum, he was going to do that. Yeah, his mother hit him. But it was worth it. Even knowing Katniss probably wasn't his soulmate did not mean he didn't love her. He knew from his father that you could love more than one person in your life, so until he met * All right. I can send one of the Capitol people to help you. * he was free to love who he wanted, how he wanted. Katniss never said anything to him. She never did. The next morning, at school, he thought she might. He held his breath, wondering just what her first words to him would be, knowing that they wouldn't match the green blocky writing on his skin. But then she looked away and bent down to pick a bright yellow dandelion poking up through the stone. Peeta let out a sigh of relief. So long as she never said anything to him, he'd continue to dream she was the one. That she had his words on her skin. He shook himself. What kind of horrible person was he, to wish that? Everyone knew the Games were a death sentence. Even him. oOo A couple days before his first Reaping, Haymitch pulled him off to one side. "Now, I don't think Trinket's gonna pull your name, but just in case. You don't know me. We never met. Got it?" It made sense. Haymitch could get in trouble for helping him. "I understand," he said. "Good." "What about after the Games?" The Victor took a swig of white liquor. "What about 'em?" "Are you still gonna train me?" "You still gonna die?" "All men die," Peeta replied, rolling his eyes. "Just looks like I'm gonna go a little sooner than others." "That's up to you, kid. I'll see you after the Games," he said. "I hope." "I hope so too." oOo Peeta wasn't Reaped that year. Or the year after. Or the year after that. So he kept training with Haymitch, becoming proficient with a knife and even learning how to wield a short sword and machete. When he asked why he was learning other weapons, Haymitch told him, "You never know what's gonna be right in front of you. Knives and swords are the most common, but what're you gonna do if you end up with a spiked mace?" he asked, referring to that year's Arena. "You need to be able to think on your toes and handle pretty much anything thrown at ya." "When are you gonna teach me how to survive?" Peeta asked, grumbling. Haymitch gave