Disclaimer: The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. This is a parody fanwork by fans for fans. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork. Just Another Dysfunctional Holiday by FanficAllergy & RoseFyre oOo "We're here," Madge Undersee said to the man sitting beside her. "Home sweet home." He turned the car off and looked out the window at the large yellow house with white pillars out front. "Nice place," he said. He turned his grey eyes to her. "You sure you still want to do this? I mean, you can always drop me at the diner up the street." "I'm sure, Gale. We've come all this way and everyone's expecting you." He reached out and took her hand, giving it a quick squeeze. "I just want to say, no matter what happens in there, I had a lovely time." His lips tilted up into a smirk. "And I hope this doesn't impact our relationship." Madge couldn't help it. She laughed. "No, really, Mr. Hawthorne, I'm pretty sure there's nothing they can say or do that would make me change how I feel about you." The smirk morphed into a grin. "Good." He unbuckled his seatbelt. "You sure this is okay?" he asked, motioning down at his outfit. It was fairly casual: a red striped button down shirt over a skin-tight heavy metal t-shirt sporting an upside down pentacle made of skulls and the word 'Anthrax' spelled out in stylized letters and ass-hugging black jeans tucked into steel-toed workboots. "I'm not sure I'll fit in," he added, glancing at the large houses situated all around them. "What, you think we don't match?" Madge motioned to her lavender sweater set with silver leaves embroidered along the lapels, black pencil skirt, knee-high leather boots, and pearls. "Not hardly," he scoffed. "You're fucking Kate Middleton and I'm a juvenile delinquent." "I think you look fine, Gale. I just… I don't want you to be somebody you're not," she said, her voice serious. Then, her playful smile returned. "And you just don't strike me as the yacht club type." "Thanks," he said with a twist of his lips. "So… shall we?" Reaching into the back seat, Madge grabbed a bag. It was full of supplies for the night. She checked to make sure they had everything, then looked up at Gale. "Let's do this." oOo After the initial round of introductions, where she did her best to avoid her mother's eyes, Madge and Gale escaped to the kitchen. "Your family seems nice," Gale offered once they were in the clear. "That's because they were in shock." Gale grinned. "That's what I'm here for." "Gale, be nice!" He bumped her shoulder with his. "I'm always nice. So… what are we doing in here?" "Honestly? I can only take so much of my family before I want to kill them," she admitted with a sigh. "Plus, I have to assemble the cheese turkey." "Did you just say cheese turkey?" He looked confused. "Yes." "What does that mean? Are you talking about a turkey stuffed with cheese? Or is it something else?" She chuckled picturing a cheese log in the shape of a turkey with little cubes of cheese coming out of its ass in lieu of stuffing. She couldn't help it, she broke down into a fit of the giggles. "Something else," she managed between laughs. He shook his head. "You know, y'all are weird." Taking several deep breaths, Madge eventually pulled herself together. "I tell myself that every year." She pulled out several blocks of cheese and a box of mixed crackers. "You wanna help?" "Assemble a cheese turkey? Sure. Not like I got anything better to do." The two worked in silence, assembling pieces of cheese and crackers into the shape of a turkey, until they were joined by Madge's cousin, Peeta. "Hey guys." Madge glanced over at him. "Couldn't stand my mother and your mother anymore?" "I need to make the fruit turkey," he protested. "Fruit turkey?" Gale said, looking up from the cutting board. "It's like a cheese turkey, only with fruit," Madge explained. "Like I said, y'all are weird." Gale wasn't wrong. But assembling hors d'oeuvres in the kitchen was a good excuse for avoiding their parents, one Madge and Peeta had been using for years. "Where's Anna?" Peeta asked, looking around. "Shouldn't she be here ordering us around?" Anna was the Undersees' housekeeper and cook, and the kitchen was her domain. "She had to run out for a bit," Madge told him. "Someone bought oregano instead of rosemary. So unless we want Italian flavored stuffing, a trip to the store was in order." Peeta shuddered. "Um no. I like Italian, but not on Thanksgiving." "Isn't your fiancee Italian?" Madge asked absently. "Half." "So I'm guessing you're not gonna get any tonight, Mellark," Gale interjected. Her cousin just looked at her date in confusion. "What?" "You said you don't want Italian on Thanksgiving. I guess that means you're not gonna be eating out your girl later." Peeta just stared at him, an expression of 'what the fuck' on his face, like he couldn't believe the man had really just said that. "Gale…" "Aw shit, sorry about that, Madge. My mistake." He turned back to Peeta. "I should let you know, you should probably ignore everything that comes out of my mouth today." "Have you been drinking?" Peeta asked, narrowing his eyes. "No!" Madge elbowed him. "Right, um, yes!" he corrected. "Just a bit! Not enough to count!" He glanced over at Madge, who nodded her head discreetly. Gale was saved by Peeta's fiancee, Katniss, running into the kitchen, her eyes wide. "Peeta, you need to save me!" "From what?" "Your mother! All she wants to talk about is babies! She keeps talking about your brother's kids and Delly's pregnancy! I'm not ready for that! We're not even married yet!" Gale shot Peeta and Madge an apologetic look before flinging his arm around Katniss. "Don't worry about the fruit turkey here. I'll be your knight in shining armor. After all, I'm the one wearin' steel-toed boots." "That doesn't even make any sense!" Katniss knocked Gale's arm off her shoulder. "What is wrong with you? Madge! What's wrong with your boyfriend?" Looking up from where she was assembling the cheese turkey, Madge met Katniss's eyes. "I have no idea what you're talking about." oOo Unfortunately, the four of them couldn't avoid their family obligations forever. Soon after Anna returned from the store, rosemary in hand, Madge's Aunt Bobbi sashayed into the kitchen. "Alright you kids, time for the annual Thanksgiving toast!" "Yay," Madge said without any real enthusiasm. "We'll be right there, Mother," Peeta added. "We're just finishing up the turkeys." "Oh that's so sweet of you!" the woman twittered. "It's so nice to see the next generation taking on the family traditions!" "Mom, are you trying to sound like Effie?" Aunt Bobbi made a face. Her daughter-in-law, Effie, was a bit of a family joke. Both of the Mellark brothers' wives were. "Well, she's just so cheerful! And Delly's right there with her. It's hard for it not to rub off. Now come along, dears, we don't want to keep everyone waiting!" She turned and left, leaving the four of them staring after her. "I'm sorry I'm not cheerful?" Katniss said. Peeta leaned over and kissed her cheek. "I like that you're not cheerful. At least when you're happy, I know it's real." Katniss smiled at her fiance, her grey eyes shining with affection. "Damn it, Peeta Mellark, when you say things like that, it makes it really hard for me to hate your family." "I won't apologize for them." "I will," Madge said. "That's what I like about you, babe," Gale said, throwing an arm around her shoulders. "You're all heart. I don't know what a girl like you sees in a guy like me, but-" "Yes, really, what do you see in him, Madge?" Peeta interrupted. "Oh, he makes me feel things I've never felt before." She smiled sappily up at Gale. Katniss stared at them. "Right. We should probably get this over with," Gale said. "We wouldn't want to ruin Thanksgiving, now would we?" "No, no, no of course not," Madge agreed a little smile on her lips. The four carried their 'turkeys' out to the living room, putting them on a cart that was set up with a tray holding flutes of champagne and plates of hors d'oeuvres. Gale eyed the champagne warily. "No thanks, not really a floofy drink kind of person. 'Sides," he reached into the front pocket of his button down shirt and pulled out a flask, "I brought my own." Everyone stared at him with varying expressions of shocked disbelief except for Madge's Uncle Haymitch. The widower grinned and pulled out his own flask. "I like him. He's a man after my own heart!" The two exchanged air toasts before knocking back a drink. "Right, carry on!" Haymitch belched. As was traditional, Madge's father led the first round of toasts. Every year he tried to say something witty and endearing, and every year it fell flat. This year was no exception. Before Madge's aunt could step in with her 'my family is better than your family' toast, Gale cleared his throat. "I just wanna say, here's to y'all for welcoming me here in your family. I've never felt quite like this before, and I like it. But mostly I wanna raise a glass to my girl Madge." Madge took deep breath, anticipating what was going to happen next. He turned to her, placing his hand over his heart while holding his flask up. "Madge… darling… ya captured my heart. You make it go pitter-pat in my chest. Never thought I'd fall for a stuck up prissy little girl like you, 'specially not one from a snooty stuck up worthless piece of shit family like this one." Madge heard her mother and Aunt Bobbi gasp but she didn't want to tear her eyes away from Gale. "You managed to lasso my wild heart and tame this ragin' beast," he continued as if he hadn't just insulted the entire room. "I can't think of anybody else I want to spend the rest of my life making miserable other than you." Kneeling down onto one knee, Gale reached into his jeans pocket to pull out a death head skull ring, with a gem held between the teeth. "Would you do me the honor of becomin' my missus?" Madge squealed. Snatching the ring out of his hand, she shoved it onto her finger, where it fit perfectly. "Oh Gale! Of course I will! It's just what I've always wanted! Yes! Yes! Yes! Of course I'll marry you!" Gale stood up and she jumped into his arms. He swung her around the room in a wide circle. They narrowly avoided bumping into anyone else, mostly because the assembled guests got out of their way quickly. When he finally set her down, Madge hazarded a glance at the rest of the group. Everyone was staring at them in shock, including Effie and Nick's four year old twins, Jordan and Morgan. After several false starts, her father found his voice. "So Gale, just how long have you and Madge been dating?" Gale sauntered over, flinging an arm around Madge's father's shoulders. "You know, Dad - I can call you Dad, right?" At the Mayor's hesitant nod, he continued. "Seems like I've known Madge forever, but I can't believe it's been, what, three weeks now?" "Sounds about right," Madge agreed. "You know, after that last hunk of slime dumped that gem of your daughter, I knew I had to show him what for," Gale elaborated to her father's growing horror. "First, I beat his smarmy preppy face to a pulp, then I went back inside where Madge here was cryin' ladylike tears, and let her know just how much that man didn't deserve her. She smiled up