Disclaimer: The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. This is a parody fanwork by fans for fans. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork. This story has been inspired by a number of true stories. All names have been changed to protect the guilty. Fractured Fairy Tale Wedding by FanficAllergy & RoseFyre oOo "Whose wedding are we going to again?" Peeta asked. "You're kidding, right?" Peeta grinned over at his long-time girlfriend. "Yeah. I am. It's Delly and Gale." Katniss made a face. "I'd hit you if I didn't need both hands for driving right now." It was true, she did. The rain was coming down in sheets as they drove through the remnants of Tropical Storm Alma on their way up I-95 to Baltimore. "God I hate Inner Harbor traffic," Katniss groused as an SUV with DC plates cut her off. "Why on earth did Madge want to get married in Baltimore of all places?" "I think it had something to do with Charm City and being charming?" Peeta shrugged. "I don't know." His phone buzzed, jiggling around in the cupholder. Snatching it up before Katniss hurled it out the window, Peeta glanced at it. * where r u * "Who's it from?" Katniss asked. "Johanna. She wants to know where we are." "Tell her stuck in traffic." She was keeping her eyes on the road in front of her instead of glancing at him or his phone, which was definitely a good thing, considering the sheer volume of cars entering the city. Peeta had no idea why it was so busy; it couldn't be Madge and Gale's wedding alone that was attracting this much traffic. It couldn't even be rush hour. Usually people left the city at 5:30 in the evening, they didn't go into it. Peeta typed Katniss's response in. His phone buzzed seconds later. * im about to kill madge * * Why? * * does the term bridezilla mean anything to you * * What's going wrong? * * what isnt. the plane madges dads ons not getting here til 11. he was supposed to be here now. theres something wrong with the flowers. madge wants to know who scheduled the hurricane for her weddin. dellys dress doesnt fit. and theres an anime convention going on * * Which one? * * how in the hell am i supposed to know. theres just tons of people dressed in costumes wandering around complaining about the rain * Katniss took the exit that led into the Inner Harbor, driving past Camden Yards to Pratt Street. * We'll be there soon * Peeta texted back. * good i need a drink * "So," Peeta said, "Madge has gone Bridezilla, the world's gone to hell, and as you can see, apparently cosplayers will be crashing the wedding." He pointed toward a few con attendees who were walking down the street towards the Baltimore Convention Center. "Well, that explains the group of Batmans I just saw." Peeta groaned. "This weekend's gonna be hell. Why couldn't she have picked another date?" "Because everyone wanted to get married this year," Katniss answered. She wasn't wrong. This was going to be their sixth wedding so far this year and they still had another seven to go, including at least four more that one or both of them were in. Even Katniss's sister and one of Peeta's brothers couldn't seem to resist the allure of getting married. Another text from Johanna interrupted their conversation. * WHERE R U * Peeta looked up to check their surroundings. They were near the front of the Baltimore Convention Center. * We are close,* he responded. * we can see the sailor moons from here. * * if you dont get here soon therell be no need for a wedding * * Have you texted Finnick and Annie yet? * * yes theyre even further away than you * Peeta made a face. Johanna was not a patient woman. The woman had a low tolerance for bullshit, stupidity, and drama. And right then, it sounded like Madge was in full drama queen mode. No wonder their friend was about to snap. They finally made their way around to the Hyatt Regency, opting to spend the extra money on valet parking. Considering the convention and the downpour going on, it was worth the expense. They grabbed their bags and checked in, grateful that they had made their reservations as soon as Madge and Gale announced when and where they were holding their wedding. They rode up to their room in an elevator packed with a group of Japanese people with elaborately styled hair and eccentric clothing who were talking excitedly and pointing at the various cosplayers. After dropping off their bags and texting Johanna that they'd arrived, they headed downstairs to the second floor and the Constellation Ballroom. Madge was there, talking heatedly with one of the banquet staff, her arms flailing wildly while the poor woman listened to whatever the bride was raving about. Leaning against one wall, they spotted Johanna, her thumbs moving angrily over the touchpad of her phone. In his pocket, Peeta felt his phone vibrate. Rather than answer, they made their way over to the short-haired woman. "Finally!" Johanna said. "Did you bring me anything to drink?" "There's a bar outside." "Yeah, but I'm not paying twelve bucks for a watered down Bloody Mary with Old Bay in it. Who in the fuck puts Old Bay in cocktails? That shit's for seafood, not vodka." "We'll grab a beer after the rehearsal," Katniss said. "Fine, you're buying the first round, Brainless." She paused for a moment, casting her eye over at Madge. "Have you gotten your script yet?" "We just got here," Peeta said slowly. "Oh, you're going to love it. I hope you've brushed up on your ballet lessons." She turned to Katniss. "And I hope your alcohol tolerance is better than it used to be." Peeta felt his stomach sink. "Exactly what kind of wedding is this?" Johanna grinned ferally. "Just wait and see." oOo BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG "Ngh," Katniss groaned, rolling over and burying her face into Peeta's shoulder. BANG BANG BANG "Katniss! Peeta! Open up, damn it!" a deep male voice bellowed. "Wha?" Katniss sat up, picking up her phone, which was flashing with several unread text messages. Her eyes widened as she noted the time: 11:45. Shit! They were supposed to be at brunch at eleven before prepping for the noon photoshoot. "Peeta!" she hissed. "Wake up!" She shook his shoulder. "Five more minutes…" he mumbled sleepily. "We don't have five more minutes!" "What?" "We both slept through our alarms and someone's outside banging on our door!" BANG BANG BANG BANG Peeta jerked to a sitting position at the noise, apparently hearing it for the first time. "Damn it, Katniss! Open up!" "See?" Katniss asked. "Katniss!" It was Gale. From the sound of his voice, it seemed like he was on the edge of a nervous breakdown. They looked at each other. "Right," Peeta said. "You deal with the freaked out groom. I'll get in the shower." Katniss slid out of bed, not caring that she was only dressed in a tank top and a pair of Peeta's old boxers. She opened the door to peer out into the hall. As soon as the door opened, Gale pushed his way inside. "Damn it, Katniss! You're late!" "I know, I know, sorry. But we had to drive in and you and Madge kept us up rehearsing until two am. We didn't get to bed until three. Not to mention-" "We don't have time. Where's your dress?" Katniss blinked. "In the closet?" "Put it on." "But I'm stinky. I think Madge would rather me be late than stink up her wedding with my car funk." "Oh you're right. Good point." Gale sank down onto the messy bed. "Why didn't we elope? Madge's father offered us fifty thousand dollars to elope." Katniss looked at her friend. "You should've eloped. Take it from your Best Woman: you should've eloped." "I know. It's just…" Gale trailed off, then looked up at Katniss. "How long do you think you're gonna be?" "Well, if you go away, Peeta and I should be downstairs in twenty minutes, thirty at the most." "Madge is freaking out. It's still raining, and the few covered locations we wanted to use have all been taken over by people dressed in funny costumes. I think I saw one guy carrying around a giant cross that was bigger than him." "Jesus?" "No, he was wearing a suit." "So, corporate Jesus." Gale shrugged. "Fuck if I know. He joined up with a group, there were like twelve of 'em along with a bunch of spiky blond haired dudes in long red coats." Katniss just shook her head. "Look, Gale, go. If you can grab me a croissant or a bagel or something, I will happily be your Wonder Woman or bear your children whatever you need me to do. But before I can swoop in and save the day, I need you to leave so I can get naked." "Thanks, Catnip," Gale said, making a face. "That's not an image I really wanted to think about. Besides, I think Madge has a bit of a monopoly on my little swimmers." Katniss's eyes widened. "Oh tell me that she's not-" "No! No! Madge is not pregnant!" Katniss sighed in relief. "Oh thank God." "At least I don't think she's pregnant." He started counting on his fingers, his already panicked expression becoming more panicked. Looking up at her, Gale put a hand to his forehead. "Oh fuck!" Katniss could not deal with this new development. "Bye, Gale," she said, shoving him out the door and almost into Finnick, who barely managed to dodge out of the way. "Yo, Finnick," she called, "you might want to see about running to CVS and picking up a pregnancy test." Finnick looked her up and down. "Are you and Lover Boy-" "No, no," Katniss hastily interrupted. "For Gale and Madge." "Ohhhhh." Finnick picked Gale up and set him on his feet, taking in the tall man's dumbfounded expression. "Right. Annie and I'll take care of it. You get dressed." Katniss gave him a thumbs up and closed the door behind her. Slipping into the bathroom, she hastily shed her pajamas and stepped into the shower behind Peeta. "So, groom freakout taken care of?" Peeta asked, not even bothering to turn around. "Yup," Katniss replied, reaching around her boyfriend for the soap. "On his way to get a pregnancy test." Peeta turned to look at Katniss with a little smirk on his face. "Is there something Gale's not telling us?" "Nope, but it seems like maybe he and Madge haven't always been as careful as they should have been." Peeta threw back his head and started laughing. Katniss grinned. "Move. You're hogging all the hot water." The two switched places, Katniss leaning back to wet her hair. Peeta took the soap from her and started lathering up her front. "Any chance we, uh, might have time for a quickie?" he asked, his eyes darkening with lust. Katniss sighed, enjoying Peeta's ministrations. "Regretfully, no. I think Madge might blow her lid if we're any more late." "Yeah, you're probably right. At least you don't have to hang out with her while she and all of her bridesmaids get ready," Peeta said, referring to the fact that he was Madge's Man of Honor. "True, but at least you've got Johanna to keep you company." "And you've got Finnick. I'd say we're about even." Katniss stood up on her tiptoes and gave Peeta a quick kiss, reaching down to grab his cock. "We should probably get moving, but hang on to this for me. I might want him later." Fifteen minutes after they got out of the shower, they were downstairs with the bride and the bridesmaids.