Summary: Hugo Weasley, only son of two of the wizarding world's greatest heroes and Cassiopeia Malfoy, only daughter to one of the oldest aristocratic pure-blooded families in Britain. Both different and on opposite ends of the metaphoric spectrum and yet their fates intertwine due to a simple colour. Disclaimer: I own nothing to do with Harry Potter, it belongs to J.K. Rowling and Warner Bros. All I own is the plot, OC's and the title (which is probably the best part of the fic) Pairing(s): HW X OC It was that time of year once more, the mad rush to make sure that one had all their school books, new sets of quills which always seemed to go missing and of course the new robes which Hugo always seemed to be outgrowing. However seeming as it was his seventh and evidently his last year at Hogwarts this would be the last time he would be purchasing such supplies for himself. This was why Hugo was currently making his way through the now busy Diagon Alley with the company of his cousin Lily. However due to it being only two weeks until school was to once again start the area was flooded with young fresh faced, soon to be first years scouring the shops along with their parents for the coming year's supplies. He remembered when he was once in their position, as he trailed through the shopping district after his parents and older sister, the latter having graduated from Hogwarts two years prior. Now the rush for school replied just seemed more like the much hated chore as he trailed through the shopping district with his equally bored cousin. "I don't suppose that we're almost done, Hugh-Man?" Lily asked with as they excited Quality Quidditch Supplies. Hugo gave a half shrug before applying the appropriate shrinking charm to his new keeper gloves and then placing them into the pockets of his muggle jeans. "Just a stop to Flourish and Blotts…"Hugo said whilst blissfully ignoring the way his cousin glared daggers into the back of his skull. "Come on, Hugh-Man…I thought we just went there?" Lily asked with an irate tone before folding her arms over her chest with an added pout. Hugo shrugged once more, he found that the best way to deal with his cousin was to in fact feign ignorance to any of her moods. After all he didn't have the heart or the urge to lose his head so he kept the fact quiet that the pair had in fact visited Obscurus Books, rather than Flourish and Blotts. It was as his cousin Albus always said 'if you don't add fuel to the fire, it will just die out' With his lack of answer Lily merely blew her fiery red bangs out of her eyes with a huff before abruptly heading in the direction of their next stop. With the amount of people in the shopping district, actually getting to the north side of Diagon Alley where Flourish and Blotts was located took a lot longer than anticipated and Hugo was glad that Lily's earlier mood seemed to have been forgotten. A loud shriek residing from the opposite side of the store alerted the pair of teenagers to a poor third year student who had fallen victim to the rather vicious Monstrous Book of Monsters. The poor boy was trying in vain to removing the snapping book from his face, while a woman who Hugo assumed to be his mother attempted prying the book away by its cover. Hugo watched in a mixture of shock and surprise, he was somewhat confused as to why none of the bystanders had yet suggested stroking the books spine - though he doubted that anyone would want to get close to such a book. "Now that is the best thing that's happened all day" Lily commented, a copy of Advanced Potion Theory IV open in her hands and a smile stretched across her lips. It were times like these where Hugo was seriously terrified of his cousin. Hugo chose to busy himself with purchasing the rest of the books on his list. Rather than taking the minimum of four NEWT subjects during his sixth year, Hugo chose to take five, this meant that during his seventh year he would have an extra workload than the rest of his classmates. Though he loved taking the combination of Defence against the Dark Arts (or DADA as it was more commonly known amongst the students), Charms, Ancient Runes and Potions. Though he sometimes Hugo felt as if he'd let himself into the seven levels of hell. Of course his parents had been more than supportive with his decision – it was only two years prior that his older sister Rose had decided to take six NEWT subjects! Placing the copies of The Advanced Book of Spells and Ancient Runes for Mummies into his cauldron Hugo caught sight of the most beautiful woman he had seen. Her long silvery blonde hair was tied into a high ponytail, the tresses falling down to the small of her back. The lilac robes she wore fitted her slender curves nicely as well as allowing Hugo a slight glance of the porcelain skin of her legs. Hugo noticed how even with her slightly above average height, the blonde was still having slight trouble reaching the stack of books placed on the highest shelf just out of her reach. Though before she could reach into her pocket of her robes and retrieve her wand, Hugo was instantly by her side and the copy of the book she had been attempting to reach held in his outstretched hands. It took the woman a split second to register the book in his hands, and instantly the smile stretched across her pink lips quickly had Hugo frozen in his place. "Oh Merlin, thank you!" She exclaimed before eagerly taking the book from his awaiting hands. "I honestly would have just dealt with a summoning charm…" She started, though Hugo was entranced by the way her steel grey orbs seemed to light up and how her smile caused his thoughts to become all jumbled. He didn't even notice that due to his apparent lapse he was actually staring! "Um…are you alright?" She asked, her head was slightly cocked to the side in curiosity and a brow was raised in confusion. Hugo quickly spluttered as if gasping for air and though he was certain he was making a spectacle of himself in front of this beautiful women she was actually laughing. "Um fine…I mean I'm fine" He quickly answered, though he momentarily scolded himself for sounding so ridiculous. It wasn't that he didn't know how to talk to women, he had dated a grand total of two girls in the past and though both Anna Boot and Josie Macmillan refused to outright acknowledge his presence he liked to think that he had a mediocre set of skills when talking to the opposite sex. However with this women he found that even his basic skills needed brushing up upon. Before he could make any further plans to cast a disillusionment charm Hugo quickly shook his head which once again had the woman in front of him staring at him in confusion. "Hugo" He said, his hand outstretched as if for her to take. The woman raised a pale brow before wrapping her slender fingers around his own hand and gently shaking. "Cassiopeia…" She answered, her lips once more stretched into a smile. "Now that's a mouthful" He muttered, though once he saw the surprised look on Cassiopeia's face he suddenly realised that he had said it out loud. His own embarrassment was short lived, though he was sure that he was currently an unflattering red colour to match his hair his eyes widened at the smile quickly replacing Cassiopeia's initial shock. "Not the first thing people usually say but you hardly strike me as the 'usual' type" She commented with a slight shake of her head. Though Hugo was slightly unsure whether to take the statement as compliment or not he was glad that she didn't seem to take his earlier statement to offense. "Is the usual type…good?" He asked hesitantly. "Of course not!" Cassiopeia stated as if he had asked her an impossible question "Usual is awfully boring, don't you think?" She asked with a slight grin. Hugo nodded in agreement his thought drifting to his cousin Lily, she was hardly what a person would describe as usual due to her slightly whacky theories of conspiracy and strange interests yet Hugo thought that if she wasn't the way she was then his life would have been awfully boring. "Guess I'll take it as a compliment" Hugo stated as he started heading to the cash desk to pay with Cassiopeia falling into step beside him. He took another glance at her appearance, she didn't appear to be any older than he was which meant that she was between the ages of sixteen to eighteen however Hugo had never before seen her and judging by the book she had attempted to get she was still a student. "So, you're studying Care of Magical Creatures?" He asked whilst gesturing to the book currently held in her arms. She glanced down to the book before turning back to him with a nod "Uh huh, I'm taking it for NEWT level and honestly it's fascinating" She stated with childlike awe. "Oh so you're a sixth year?" He asked with interest. She giggled lightly before shaking her head a 'no' "So we're playing 'twenty questions'?" She asked with a smile. "Oh sorry I didn't…" Hugo stuttered suddenly feeling embarrassed for asking so many questions. Her eyes quickly widened before she shook her head "Oh Merlin, I was having a go at humour- honestly I'm terrible at this sort of thing since I'm about as funny as a flobberworm" She admitted with weak laughter. Hugo snorted before shaking his head with disbelief "I know some pretty funny flobberworms" He teased. "Okay now you're being mean" She deadpanned though Hugo noted the slight quirk of her lips. She walked up to the till point and handed quickly paid for her items, and Hugo was left marvelling at her slender form once more. He couldn't actually believe that he, Hugo Weasley was actually talking to a girl! He wasn't as confident as his cousins, James and Fred for while they attended Hogwarts Hugo remembered how they often had trouble keeping the girls away from them. Even Albus, the slightly quieter of his cousins had his own fair share of the ladies, and though his cousin often preferred the longer relationships to James' frequent one night stands he still managed to easily charm the female population of the school. Then there was Louis, his part veela cousin who practically had the girls eating out of the palm of his hands. His cousin possessed a natural allure and finesse which the girls fawned over and Hugo remembered on his cousin's graduation, many of the girls actually shed tears. Once Hugo had purchased his rather large stack of books, he turned to find that Cassiopeia was already heading out of Flourish and Blotts. He quickly walked after and headed out back onto the shopping district. He quickly caught up to her, lightly tapping her on the shoulder and thus causing her to jump in surprise. She swiftly turned to face him, her hand on her heart and her lips lightly parted. "Merlin, Hugo…I was that close" She parted her forefinger and thumb slightly "From punching you in the face!" "Sorry…I" He started however from the grin slowly forming her quickly realised that she was joking. "I'm sorry. This has been the most fun I've had in ages" She stated with a grin "though I' dreading starting a new school so I'll take this last bit of happiness. "New school?" Hugo asked with interest. She nodded before hooking