Under my skin A/N: Hi guys. Here is my latest story. Hope you like it. The first chapter was inspired by: Paramore - Decode GoldFish ft. Diamond Thug - Deep of the night Rag 'n bone man - Human Linkin Park - Somewhere I belong Jonas Blue - Perfect Strangers Disclaimer: Twilight is the sole property of Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. Chapter 1 - Crashing into my life JOPV The collective pack mind from wolves scattered all over the forest, came to a standstill when a loud crash echoed from just outside the forest. And then suddenly everyone's minds registered the same thing - someone had crashed on the road either to or from the reservation. In a swift and smooth move envied by most of the pack, Jacob's wolf transitioned back to man. He tugged loose the shorts tied to his ankle and shrugged on the tattered cut-offs - his 'phasing shorts' as he liked to refer to them. The rest of the wolves followed suit, all ready and anxious to go investigate. "Let's go." Jake jerked his chin toward the thick stand of trees obstructing the view of the main road just behind it. "It didn't sound good." A shared apprehension of what they would find there, resonated through the whole pack. Jacob let his senses lead him and his pack toward the edge of the forest, where just minutes ago he'd heard the crash come from. He bobbed and weaved through the thick green foliage and dense forest with lithe movements, followed closely by the others. The closer Jake got, the more ill at ease he became. His supernatural senses picked up the familiar rusty scent of blood that had started to permeate the thick, damp air surrounding them. It had a sweeter tinge to it - female, most likely. A woman had crashed. Shit! A black pick-up truck lay on it's side on the shoulder of the road, engine still running, as Jacob emerged from the woods, flanked by his pack. The passenger side door facing upward was dented and scratched. So was the roof. The vehicle had obviously flipped and rolled. He detected no movement from inside the truck. Not a good sign. Water splattered against Jacob's strong russet, calves as his feet hit the wet asphalt, taking brisk, determined strides toward the truck. He yanked open the right side door - currently the only accessible one - and leaned in to see if the driver was still in the truck. She was, thank god. He sighed in short-lived relief, because the girl - or more accurately, woman - wasn't moving. Blood poured freely from a deep cut on her forehead, soaking her dark hair and t-shirt. Her skin was very pale, and large bruises had already started blooming against her cheek and jaw. "Fuck!" Jacob cursed in frustration, running a hand through his damp, black hair and stepped back for a moment to think strategy. The easiest way to get the woman from the truck was to get the truck back on all four wheels. He needed a point of access. So with lupine strength, Jacob pulled the vehicle into it's upright position - the dark haired woman swaying limply to the side with the movement. Jacob took four large strides toward the driver side, pulling at the door. It was stuck. That was just his goddamn luck, wasn't it? No fucking surprise there. Jacob sighed in annoyance and tugged at the door again - harder this time - ripping the whole door from the frame and discarding it next to him with a loud clunk and a wayward wobble. He looked up to find the pack divided into two groups on either side of him, not paying him any mind, but rather cautioning the incoming and outgoing traffic. Smart. At times it still blew his mind how in sync they were as a pack; as a team. Fast, tactical and precise. Jacob focused his attention back on the woman in front of him, shaking her arm roughly to try and wake her. "Miss. Can you hear me?" He got no response. She was unconscious. Fanfuckingtastic! "Paul?" Jacob yelled over his shoulder to where his Beta and best friend was standing. "Can you have the truck towed to Sam's auto shop once I get the girl out?" He asked. Paul came jogging up toward Jacob, ready to help as always. "No problem." He agreed as he came to a stop next to Jacob. He leaned in closer to the truck, peeking inside and let out a low, worried whistle as he spotted the woman. "Doesn't look too good, does she?" He glanced back at Jacob with deep concern. Jacob shook his head at his friend. They needed to get help before the woman bled out on the front seat of her own truck. And there was only one person that could help them right now. "I'm going to take her to my mother. Hopefully she can help." Jacob said as he reached in through the hole where the door used to be and pulled the pale-faced woman from the vehicle and into his arms. He cursed the fact that he didn't have a shirt he could use to stop the blood. "Ask Embry to phase and go get my truck. It will be the fastest way to get her to my house." "Will do, Chief." Paul said and sped away toward Embry, standing on the closest side to the Reservation. "And ask him to bring along something that I can use to stop the bleeding." Jacob added toward Paul's back as an afterthought. What was he supposed to do now? Just stand here with this pale face in his arms while she soaked his body with her blood? Jacob mentally rolled his eyes at her. She had probably sped and had lost control of her truck on the wet road. Typical. The pale faces had no respect for Quileute land or for the danger a wet road held for humans with below average reflexes. He didn't hate white people. He just found some of them rather arrogant and self-righteous. They looked down their noses at the traditions and cultures of the Native Americans and often made fun of them for their chosen lifestyle. It was a sore point for Jacob. He was very proud of who he was and now he had to deal with a girl who would probably be ungrateful as they day were long for what they were doing for her; the way they were going out of their way for her. If he'd been smart (which he clearly wasn't), he would have called for an ambulance and sent her on her way, because the fact of the matter was - this girl wasn't his problem. But like the idiot he was, he tried to play the good guy - something he hadn't been in a very long time. How was it that he always got himself into uncomfortable situations like these? Jacob looked up at the cloudy sky as a light drizzle misted down onto his face and evaporated the instant it made contact with his preternaturally heated skin. He escaped out from under the dark clouds toward the thick cover of trees to get them out of the rain. It didn't bother him much, but she would probably end up catching pneumonia with everything else. He wondered if she had a cellphone in her pocket or an ID, so they could get a hold of her parents or a boyfriend? She wasn't wearing a ring, so he assumed she wasn't married. Calling around for a next of kin was really not how he'd planned on spending his Friday night. He had a whole list of other pressing issues to deal with right now. Way more important shit than escorting a pale face to safety. Looming vampire attacks and exploding pups ranked at the top of that to do list of his. Jacob looked up as he heard the familiar rumbling of his Dodge pickup in the distance. Embry had really not wasted any time - something he was truly grateful for at this moment. About a minute later, he saw his truck round the corner and started to walk toward it, trying hard not to jostle the tiny woman in his arms too much. As the truck screeched to a halt next to him, Jacob spotted his mother in the passenger seat, gauze and bandages ready to go. Good. His mother was the local doctor on the Reservation and she'd know just what to do. "Is she conscious?" His mother greeted him as she hopped out of the truck. "No. She hasn't so much as moved since I pulled her out of her truck. I think she's lost quite a bit of blood." He jerked his chin toward his shoulder where the woman's head rested. His skin was soaked with blood, some of it already dried into dark red crusts, thanks to his unnatural body heat. "Head wounds tend to bleed a lot." His mother explained. Her long, skilled fingers and keen hazel eyes made quick work of assessing the woman's limp body hanging from Jacob's arms. "We need to get her home. Her left leg is broken. It's not an open fracture, but she'll need a cast. And I'll need to get a IV up for pain medication and fluids." His mother searched the woman's jean pockets and pulled out a purse and a cellphone. She flipped through the purse, in search of god knows what? A drivers licence perhaps? "She's not wearing a medicalert bracelet and she doesn't have a card in her wallet that suggests that she's allergic to anything either, which is good. I can give her any medication she needs. Her name is Bella Swan. Twenty four years old. She's from Seattle - quite a long way from home." His mother informed him. "Let's get her into the truck and get going." Jacob nodded. His mom was in full doctor mode now and he'd learned over the years to just follow the orders she handed out in said state, without argument. Jacob carefully laid the woman down on the back seat, over the towels that his mother had placed there to protect the seats, and watched as she got in next to the girl. Jacob eased himself up into the passenger seat, grabbed an extra towel that his mother held out to him, and wiped the blood from his body. The rest would just have to be scrubbed off in the shower. "Embry, you'd better step on it so we can get home as fast as possible." His mother commanded in a firm voice and Embry nodded, slamming down on the gas and making the truck spin slightly on the wet road before finally taking off. The rest of the pack dispersed into the woods, probably phasing back into wolf form to go about their business. Leah was in charge now, which meant no fucking around. She always meant business, for which Jacob was really grateful at this moment. He needed his pack focused, since danger lurked close by. They couldn't afford to be distracted for even a second - that one second could cost people (his people) their lives. Jacob turned away from the window and ignored them, directing his attention back on the road and the task at hand. He would deal with the shit storm of finding vampire scent in the woods, later. This girl was seriously messing with his duties. JPOV After a proper shower, Jacob had tried to access the woman's phone - who he now knew as Bella Swan - but couldn't get past her password. Fucking perfect! So for now, the pale face had to stay with them until she woke up. His mother had an IV running and had already put a cast on her leg. All they could do now was wait...