A/N: This is my first one shot. Hope you guys like it. Please review. xxx Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or any of the characters. All credit goes to the talented Ms Stephanie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. Yours for the night Bella was dressed to kill. She slid her hands over her skin tight silver dress and turned slightly to observe herself from the side in the full length mirror. Her six inch silver pumps seemed to elongate her slightly tanned legs. Her tits were super perky and her long ebony tresses hung down her exposed back. Her petal pink glossy lips turned up into a smile. "Wow, Lauren. You really know your stuff." Bella said to her friend who was standing to the side, looking smoking hot in her dangerously short red dress. Bella never dressed like this. She was more a jeans and tank top kind of girl. Lauren had talked her into dressing like this. She was determined to help Bella break her dry spell of almost eighteen months. Tonight! Bella had been in a serious relationship for two years and it had ended less than amicably, right before she moved back to Forks. "I feel like a slut."Bella tugged at the hem of her dress. Lauren was busy touching up her make-up quickly and fluffing her blonde hair in a smaller mirror. She looked up and smiled at Bella. "That's the point, my friend. We want to get you some dick tonight and get rid of those cob webs that have taken over your vagina." Bella huffed indignantly. "Now you make me sound like a prude." "Not a prude." Lauren countered with sparkling blue eyes and a grin. "Just sexually challenged. You need to focus a bit more on your own needs. Look," Lauren took Bella by the shoulders, a serious expression on her face, "I'm not saying that you should go out and fuck a different guy every night, though I swear I wouldn't judge you for it, but you need to get down and dirty a little more often. It's a good way to release some stress. Trust me, I know." "You're right." Bella said and gave herself a final once over. She just wished she had half of Lauren's 'courage' and self-confidence. "Of course I am. Oh and if you happen to ruin the dress, don't worry. I have plenty more." The music at the club blared loudly. It smelled of smoke, alcohol and sex. On the dance floor, people were dancing and grinding against each other, like lust-driven animals. Hopefully she would be doing some grinding of her own soon. Bella followed her friend toward the bar, where she perched herself carefully on a high chair, resting her feet on a metal frame at the bottom of the chair. The bar counter was slightly sticky. Gross. She pulled her hands back into her lap. The bartender smiled at them as he looked up and made his way over to get their order. He and Lauren were practically eye fucking each other. "Mine." She whispered quickly to Bella, letting her know early on that this was her choice for the evening. 'Not bad.' Bella thought, but he had too much of a baby face. Not exactly her taste. "Hi girls." He greeted. "I'm Embry. What can I get the two of you?" "Two shots of tequila and two whisky sours." Lauren purred at the bartender. He seemed to like it. "Coming right up." He plopped four glasses onto the counter with a muted clack and started off by pouring the tequila. Bella scanned the crowds while she waited for her drink. She didn't spot anyone with potential. Until her eyes stopped near the back door of the club. A tall, dark haired guy leaned against the wall, eyes trained solely on her. He had a smirk on his handsome face and winked at her. The man was big and brawny and the rolled-up sleeves of his grey button-down shirt strained dangerously over his huge, muscled forearms. Bella licked her lips involuntarily and swallowed hard. His eyes never left hers. Without breaking eye contact with the sexy stranger, Bella tilted her head slightly toward her best friend and whispered, "Mine." "Huh?" Lauren asked. Bella reluctantly broke eye contact to look at her friend. "That guy near the back door." Bella said and turned to show Lauren who she was talking about. "Who?" Her friend asked with a frown. "Are you going crazy? There's nobody there." Bella's heart sank. He was gone. Maybe he wasn't really interested in her. "Perfect. Just my fucking luck." Bella mumbled in disappointment, pulling her whisky sours closer to her. "Hi." A deep voice startled Bella. "Jesus Christ." She swore as her hand flew to her rapidly beating heart. "You scared the living daylights out of me." She put her drink down, untouched and smiled. It was him, in all his handsome glory - standing undeniably tall next to her. He leaned against the bar counter, looking hot as fuck with his short cropped black hair, russet skin and dark brown eyes. "Wanna dance?" He asked in a husky voice. Bella grabbed her shot of tequila and tossed it down, motioning to Lauren that she could have the whisky sour. "Sure." Bella said and took the hand he held out to her, carefully getting off the chair and following the handsome stranger to the dance floor. He pulled her against him as they reached the middle of the dance floor. They started to move together to the beat - nothing about the man's touch was awkward or careful - the type of touch that was usually reserved for someone you'd just met. Bella reveled at the feeling of his hot hands sliding down her exposed back and halting just above her ass. It almost burned her through the thin material of the dress. They were getting hot and heavy soon as the song faded into an up beat bump and grind song. His hips grazed roughly against hers, sending need and lust pooling to her nether regions. She reciprocated by bucking her hips up to his. Mr. Hottie, as she now nicknamed him in her head, lowered his lips to the base of her jaw, trailing hot, open mouthed kisses down toward her collar bone. He nipped gently at the skin there, making her shiver. God, this man would surely be the death of her. Bella seized the opportunity to explore his body as well, disregarding everyone else on the dance floor. As far as she was concerned, they were the only ones in this club. She slid her hands underneath his untucked shirt, enjoying the tight muscles of his rock hard abdomen. She bet he spent half of his free time in the gym. 'Oh my.' Bella thought as his erection pushed against her stomach. He was definitely very well endowed. She moaned at the sensation and looked up into his eyes. Dark endless pools, filled with lust now stared back at her, making her poor heart stutter and stop for a moment. How was it possible for a human being to be this incredibly attractive? Mr. Hottie lowered his plump lips to capture her own in a hot and tempting embrace. His tongue begged for entrance and Bella relented, parting her lips. His tongue plundered her mouth impatiently, tasting and exploring like a man thirsting for water. Bella was consumed with passion and lust. It felt like he had set her body on fire. He squeezed her butt, a low growl rumbling deep in his chest. "Did you just growl, wolf boy?" Bella teased. Mr. Hottie looked startled for a moment, but the expression on his face was swiftly replaced by his panty-dropping smirk. "Absolutely. You're so fucking mouth watering." "Back at you, sexy." Bella grinned and brazenly grabbed a fistful of his short black hair, demanding his lips. She didn't know how long they'd been kissing or if people were staring at their shameless display, but she was panting by the time he released her lips. He bent down slightly to whisper in her ear, "Let's get out of here for a while." Bella nodded, not trusting her voice right now. She swallowed thickly. Was this really going to happen? Her lady bits throbbed in response, hoping just as much as she did that they would get some much needed attention soon. Mr. Hottie led Bella out through the back entrance. It was very dark outside and rather secluded. There wasn't a soul around. Good! They could ravage each other in private, here. A soft breeze blew, cooling Bella's heated skin. She felt desperate. Bella opened her mouth to ask what his plan was, but didn't get the chance to speak. Mr. Hottie lifted her expertly up to his hips with one smooth move - her legs encircling his waist of their own accord. He pushed her back against the face brick wall with abandon and claimed her lips once again. The bricks bit into Bella's skin, but she ignored it. She was too focused on this gorgeous man and what was about to go down. Bella heard his zipper being pulled down and felt his fingers slip in under her expensive thong, teasing her wet, swollen folds. Mr. Hottie groaned and dipped a finger into her wetness, making Bella mewl wantonly in response. "God, I love how wet you are for me." He whispered against her lips. His rasping voice and woodsy smell turned her on something fierce. Bella bucked her hips impatiently against him, begging him to fuck her. She needed him so bad. "Please?" She moaned. He obviously didn't need more coaxing, because with a sharp thrust of his hips, he sheathed himself completely inside of her - hitting the exact spot where her ache throbbed savagely. "Jesus Christ!" Bella cursed as his sheer size stretched her to her limits, making her toes curl and her fingers dig ruthlessly into his cotton-covered shoulder blades. It was painfully pleasurable and her body pulsed with want. Mr. Hottie didn't move an inch, allowing her to adjust to his size. He was probably used to this. Bella bet that he'd fucked many women before her and that they too weren't used to a man as ridiculously large as him. He was the biggest she had ever taken and that cock of his was bound to do some damage. She just hoped that he didn't ruin her for any other man. Bella shifted her hips, letting him know that she was ready. She thought he would take it slow in the beginning. Be gentle. But to her utter surprise, Mr. Hottie slammed forcefully into her - fucking her frenetically, like a man who had lost all control. "Jesus, you feel so good." He groaned. "What are you doing to me?" Bella couldn't speak. Her vision swam as pleasure assaulted her body. She was trying really hard not to moan loudly. She didn't want anyone overhearing them, though she doubted they would. Thankfully the music inside of the club was still blaring loudly, muting the debauched cries that slipped from their yearning lips and bled into the dark of the night. Mr. Hottie's fingers tangled in her hair and he pulled her hair back almost painfully, exposing the skin of her neck to him. He bit and sucked the skin near the hollow of her neck and she was sure it would leave a bruise mark. Fuck if she cared. Her body was humming with pleasure at the magic he created deep inside of her. Her orgasm was slowly building, coiling deep inside the pit of her stomach like a viper - ready to attack. She wasn't sure how much more of this she could take before she lost her mind. His hand moved from her hair, over her shoulder and to her breasts, kneading them through the thin material of her dress. Her body trembled as