The characters of The Hunger Games belong solely to Suzanne Collins; I am merely using them to help me tell a story influenced by her wonderful work. No copyright infringement is intended. The following also includes references to a violent event similar to the bombing of the 2013 Boston Marathon. In order to respect the tragedy of that event and the lives of those affected, certain details have been modified and direct references not included. As part and parcel to this theme, certain imagery is also used to convey PTSD symptoms in one of the characters. Please be advised if any of the above is troubling or triggering for you. — Warm-up— Peeta is jittery the entire way into the city, and Katniss is glad that she's the one behind the wheel. The bossy iPhone voice plugged into her center console repeats the direction three times to turn left at the street light they're paused at before she silences it with a brush of her finger. Their hotel is downtown, less than a mile from where they'll cross the finish line tomorrow—provided the run doesn't take Katniss out first. She shouldn't think like that. She definitely shouldn't joke about it, not when that same finish line means so much more to the man sitting next to her than the conclusion of running 26.2 miles. She keeps the crass thought to herself as she pulls into the circular driveway in front of the lobby and slides out so a valet can take her place behind the wheel. Peeta takes an extra second getting out, having foregone wearing his prosthetic for the drive, and Katniss silently wills the other valet not to do anything to assist him. Four years haven't changed Peeta Mellark's attitude about his missing limb all that much; he doesn't want to seem weak or wounded, and it bothers him when people look at him like he is. Thankfully, the other white-gloved man remains silent, taking their bags out of the backseat and ushering them into the lobby, leaving Peeta to rely on his trusty hand crutches. Katniss slings her purse higher on her shoulder as she follows him inside. When she hears the telltale rattling of her exhaust pipe disappear behind her, she knows there's no going back, no bailing out of this race tomorrow. There's a short wait behind other marathoners to check in, and then the obligatory shuffling of credit cards between her and Peeta for who's going to pay for the room. "I'll let you pay for dinner," Peeta insists, pushing his card toward the clerk and Katniss's back at her. "Then you better order prime rib," Katniss says with a scowl. She turns to the clerk. "Where's the best spot in town to buy him the most expensive meal of his life?" "Oh, aren't you two sweet!" the woman gushes. "Try Machiavelli's. It's my favorite spot in the whole city! Alright, you're in room 1201. All the amenities, of course—mini fridge and microwave, balcony with a gorgeous view of the bay, maybe the most comfy king-sized bed you'll ever sleep in…" Katniss's voice hitches in her throat. "We, ah, asked for two queens." "Oh! That isn't in the computer, I'm sorry…" Peeta coughs nervously. "Katniss, I don't think it's that big a deal… It's a massive bed, and it's just two nights." "And we don't have any double queen rooms left, I'm so sorry. I can arrange for a trundle bed…" Katniss looks at her Peeta and swallows hard over the newly formed lump in her throat. "We, ah… We won't be in the room all that much, I suppose, will we?" "Not if you're going to force feed me an entire cow tonight," Peeta says with a smirk. "Bad idea before a race, you know." "Fine, we'll carb-load. Um… Yeah, the room's fine, I guess," Katniss says. It strikes her that in nearly twenty years of friendship, she's never, not once, shared a bed with Peeta Mellark. (Not that this is really sharing a bed.) The clerk punches a couple of credit card keys into a machine and slides them across the desk. "Good luck tomorrow morning! We're all betting on you!" Peeta thanks her graciously and clicks off on his crutches. The clerk hisses at Katniss to wait, and with a quick check to make sure that Peeta is out of earshot, she whispers, "Machiavelli's really is wonderful. But it's, ah, a little more romantic than you might want, though, considering…" Katniss smiles tightly and thanks her before heading off after Peeta. 'Romantic' is definitely off the table. Surely there's another place to gorge on pasta and garlic bread that isn't solely lit by candles. She's here for Peeta, to support him. On a lesser note, she's here to see if she can do it, too, but this weekend—this race—is about her friend. Her friend, she repeats to herself as she sidles up behind him. "The shuttle to the starting square leaves at 6 am… We should drop this stuff off and go straight to dinner so we can get to sleep early," Peeta asks her once they board the elevator. She nods quickly. Wherever they end up going, there's sure to be wine. And a tiny bit of liquid courage sounds awfully good about now. She stretches tall from where she's been bent in half, having felt a luscious release in her hamstrings. She twists her torso to the left, then the right, and gazes across the throng of other runners stretching similarly. A tall, gangly redhead dips forward, clearing her view to see Peeta. He's shifting his weight cautiously from right to left, left to right, his eyes trained on the ground until the force of her stare lifts his face. His azure eyes meet her silver, and he's the first to smile. She's worried about him. She's worried the leg won't hold up for the entire race, even though it hasn't been a problem in weeks. She's nervous his nerves will prevail over his rationality and she won't be there at his side to talk him down from an episode. He's told her a thousand times not to sacrifice her time to stay on pace with him, no matter how similar their wave's start times are. It doesn't seem to matter how many times he's told her not to hold his hand, to let him get through this on his own terms, the impulse to do so is irrepressible. He reads her mind in that annoying, comforting way that he's always been able to, and raises his left hand to his mouth. He presses a light kiss to his middle three digits and taps them over his heart. It'll be okay, Katniss , the gesture says. She mimics him, and her fingernails clink lightly on the glinting, golden medallion pinned to her racing vest. Something about the gentle weight calms her. Maybe that's why he'd insisted she wear it instead of him. The loudspeakers suddenly sizzle with a short burst of feedback before a clear, booming voice echoes across the crowd. "First wave runners, please take your marks." Katniss takes a deep, shaky breath to get ready. She's not starting until the third wave, but she has to be prepared now, or she'll never get to mile six from sheer nerves. "Ladies and gentlemen—let the 74th Panem Marathon begin!" Traveling in and out of the city is hell on the best days, and this is far from the best day. Katniss isn't sure how she's managed to get on this train, but she's not going to question it. She just needs to get where she's going as quick as she can. Neither Peeta nor Madge are answering their phones, and they always answer when she calls. That's what happens when you're a couple's combined Best Woman and Maid of Honor. But Katniss isn't worrying about anything that has to do with dresses or flowers and seating arrangements or pre-ceremony festivities; she just needs to make sure that her best friends are okay. The fatalities of the day were low, thank God, but there were scads of injuries. If either Peeta or Madge were amongst them, she needs to be there. The train pulls into the station, and people push and shove to get onto the platform. There's a strong sense of urgency in the air as nearly everyone tries to get to someone in the hospital, or to family that wants everyone close by to cope with the shock and horror of the day. Katniss just needs to get to the downtown Marriott and make sure Peeta and Madge are back in their room and safe. She doesn't care if she walks in on "Thank God We're Alive" sex—so long as they're both alive. But after pounding for several long minutes on the door to their room, Katniss feels a crushing wave of panic wash over her. They aren't answering their phones. They aren't in their room. Dread sets in about what this could possibly mean. The front desk is in a frenzy, but she gets enough out of the clerk she finally flags down that the injured were taken to the Capitol Hill Hospital and no, there hasn't been an official list of fatalities and injuries released to the public yet. There isn't a cab to be found and the buses and local trains still aren't running. Katniss walks the twelve blocks and braces herself for bedlam when she walks in the door to the Emergency Room. " I need information about Peeta Mellark and Madge Undersee—who do I talk to about that?" A surly nurse shakes her head. "You need to check with the Red Cross station about whether or not they've been admitted before I can help you. Are you family?" Katniss hesitates. "Er…yes." " Really?" " They're my best friends! I've known them forever!" " Sorry, we can't disclose any information to non-family members, and the Red Cross and the Marathon folks are—well, lines are jammed. It's hard to get in contact with folks' emergency contacts." Katniss thinks bitterly that Madge would have put her in before her parents, but she still hasn't been called. There are people gathered in a waiting room off one corridor, and as luck would have it, there's one seat available. Katniss sinks into it and tosses her phone from hand to hand. She's just thinking that she's going to need to find a free power outlet to charge it when it rings. She doesn't recognize the number. Her blood runs ice cold. " Hello?" " Yes, is this Ms. Katniss Everdeen?" " Yes, who's this?" " Katniss Everdeen, Ms. Madge Undersee's emergency contact?" " Yes! Who is this?" There's a pregnant pause on the other end. "Ma'am, are you sitting down?" — Mile 1.9— She's already hoping for a boost of adrenaline, or at least some sort of endorphin high that'll get her to the first hydration station. She should have known better than to have that glass of wine with dinner—Peeta'd warned her not to, but she'd needed something to calm her nerves. She's a long, long way (and way too many years) from her track and field days in high school. Even then, she'd been more a middle-distance competitor. She grabs a water from the first station and jogs in place off to the side while she does her best to not gulp it down all at once and make herself sick. She resists the urge to stay where she is and let him catch up with her so they can stay on pace for a while—until he invariably overtakes her, prosthesis and all. But if he suspects she's done that, even this early in the race, he'll give her no end of shit about her hovering and coddling him. But she's already finding herself missing the comfort of his presence at her side. His slightly tinny-sounding stride is always so oddly soothing in conjunction with the