Disclaimer: The characters of The Hunger Games belong to Suzanne Collins. The lyrics to I See Fire belong to Ed Sheeran. I've simply used both to tell a story. Enjoy. — Oh misty eye of the mountain below Keep careful watch of my brothers' souls — She doesn't have much to show for the couple of hours she's been out in the woods today. She tucks her bow under her arm and replaces the arrow in her quiver as she walks the remaining distance to the spot… Their spot. Not that they're actually friends anymore. She breathes deeply through her nose, relishing the pungent scent of pine in the crisp autumn air. If Peeta weren't so lead-footed, she'd bring him out here with her. He'd be more than useful in hauling back the big buck she had to give up on, knowing that there'd be no way she'd be able to get it back inside the District in one piece. It killed her to have to let it go; they would have gotten just as much for the hide as they would for the meat at the Hob. But even if his tread were lighter, Peeta's down in the depths of the mines. Maybe Sunday… "Thought I might find you here," a familiar voice says. Her spine stiffens and she turns, shooting a death-glare at the source. "Are you here to arrest me, Mr. Mayor?" Katniss says, her voice icy. "Knock that shit off, Catnip," Gale replies. Any lilt in his voice is gone in an instant. "You knowI'd never report you." She seriously doubts that. "I don't have a decent haul anyway," she says, holding up her nearly-empty game bag. "Nothing's out today." "Did you check the snares?" She scowls at him. She doesn't want to admit that the snares don't seem to yield anything decent anymore. Not since that spring day six months ago when Madge Undersee became Madge Hawthorne, and Gale Hawthorne became the Mayor-presumptive when Ulysses Undersee retires at the end of the year. He doesn't ask to sit down next to her—he simply does. The air is thick and toxic between them. More than before, Katniss wishes Peeta were here to diffuse the situation. Peeta Mellark has always been able to put Gale Hawthorne in his place. "Heard you and Mellark put a formal request in at the Justice Building," Gale says. "I suppose that means congratulations are in order." She doesn't respond. It's none of his business. And at least she's marrying Peeta for the right reasons. "How's he taking the work down in the mines?" Gale presses. "I ran into Thom the other day and he said he's pretty good on the crew. Guess he isn't as soft as I always figured Townies were." That's none of his business, either. And he's got a pretty rich fucking mouth to imply something about Town folk, considering where he hangs his hat at night now. "Look, Katniss, once everything is official, you have to know that I'm going to make some changes. I'll have the power to do that, you know... Make something good out of all this mess." She stares at him, unblinking. Another time and place, she'd have believed him. Now the only person she believes in is Peeta. And that was hard won. She still isn't sure how Peeta did it, other than by sneaking up on her. But now she can't imagine life without him, and that terrifies her. "How's the littlest Hawthorne? Still growing?" she spits. "Madge looked positively glowing the last time I saw her walking around. You'd almost suspect that little bastard was actually wanted between the two of you, and not just an accident behind the slagheap." Gale's cheeks color with repressed rage. "Don't do this, Katniss. We never did this, not you and me." She gets to her feet and crunches the leaves underfoot as she stalks away from him. "Katniss!" he calls after her. "Just leave me alone, Gale. Leave us both alone. And we'll do the same." — If we should die tonight Then we should all die together — He's not supposed to be home already , she thinks when she sees Peeta milling about the tiny kitchen. A putrid, wafting scent infiltrates her nostrils as soon as he turns to her and opens his arms. She presses her face into the crook of his neck, then steps back, horrified. The smell is in his clothes. "It wasn't that bad, I promise. There was just a little leak and I helped Thom plug it up, but they had to send us home early, just in case..." "A petroleum leak?" Katniss snaps. "A petroleum leak isn't serious to your foreman?!" "Katniss, we got it controlled fast," he says, reaching out for her hands. "It's not... Hey, stop. What's wrong?" It's the first that she realizes she's sobbing. Her chest quakes and heaves against his sturdy, solid form as he crushes her to him. His fingers knit into her hair and massage at the nape of her neck. "Shhh," he whispers. "It's okay, I promise." It's all anything but okay. He doesn't belong in the mines, but that's the price he paid for loving her. Maybe Gale does belong in the Mayor's mansion, but not in the way he got there. Nothing will ever change, not really, no matter how many promises Gale makes, or how much Peeta loves her. The only thing Katniss can feel is numbness and fear, even when she's cradled in Peeta's arms and he's playing with her hair. How is anyone supposed to live like this?! she thinks bitterly. He's opening his mouth to say something she's sure is meant to be soothing, but his words catch at the back of his throat when her hands fly to the clasps of his mining coveralls and wrench them open. She wedges her hand inside, her fingers trace down his hard stomach, trail through a thatch of hair below his navel, and none-too-gently, she grabs ahold of him. She pivots so she's perched on the counter, then wraps her legs around his hips, drawing them together. She crashes her mouth to his and charts the inside of his mouth with the tip of her tongue. "Katniss!" he groans against her lips and ministrations of her explorative fingers. "W-We're supposed to be w-waiting until..." She doesn't want to wait. She doesn't want to think about Gale and Madge, or mining accidents, or even her mother and sister walking through the door and catching them. She wants what only Peeta can give her, and then she wants so much more. She convinces him silently with her eyes searing into his. Their hands begin to pry at the clasps of their clothes; when Peeta grunts in frustration over the stubborn button fly of Katniss's trousers, she feels an incredible surge of warmth between her legs at the sound. When they're both bare, save for the flimsy material of her bra that he just can't seem to exactly master, Katniss scoots her hips to the edge of the counter and pulls him closer. He has himself in his hand, and now that he's fully erect, Katniss can't help but gape at his largeness and wonder how he'll possibly fit inside her. "We don't have to," Peeta says, his voice pained but patient. "I want to," she tells him, her voice tremulous but certain. "Just, slowly?" He nods, kisses her, and positions himself at her entrance. It burns at first as he pushes between her folds, then a surge of actual pain rips through her core as he plunges deeper, then stills. She thinks he must be buried in her to the hilt. A quick look down signals that that isn't even partially the case, but still, he doesn't move. She realizes how stiffly she's holding herself, and wraps her arms around his neck to kiss him and melt into his embrace. The deeper their kisses become, the more she can feel him sink inside her. Finally, he pries his lips away with his forehead pressed to hers, and says, begging, "Please, Katniss, I need to move. I need to feel you." She nods, and lets her eyes flit downward again, watching them come together as he begins to roll his hips. Her insides are still stretching, getting accustomed to his girth and length, but as he moves inside her, she begins to feel the tiniest bit of her own pleasure. It's not hot and intense, like she'd heard a crude boy in school talking about once, but slow and measured, like the tiny bubbles at the bottom of a pot of boiling water. His lips are exploring her neck and shoulders as he moves, his hands cupping her rear and kneading her flesh, and the noises coming from his throat—those are Katniss's favorite thing. She responds with one or two of her own, and feels him push inside her quicker, deeper; he must like them just as much. It's too soon when he gasps that he's about to come, and they pull apart so he can turn away from her and spill into his discarded shorts instead of inside of her. Her cheeks are hot, every inch of her skin feeling as though it's about to catch fire, but she can't help feeling just the tiniest bit cheated that he gets to make such luscious, guttural noises when she doesn't. He turns back and slumps against her, right as she feels a not-unpleasant soreness blooming between her legs. His palms gently cup her breasts through her bra, his lips find her pulse points again, and the little bit of bitterness she'd felt washes away. She doesn't regret it like she wondered if she would when the time came. His skin is soft and dewy with sweat, even the patches that still smell of gas and are stained with coal dust. She thinks again that his skin should be dusted with flour, not coal, and that there really is only a matter of time before he remembers that, too. "I think it's supposed to feel better for you the next time," Peeta whispers, his face buried in her hair. "I'm sorry it was so, ah, quick." She shakes her head and kisses his temple, his jaw, finds his mouth and claims it roughly. "Come sleep in my bed with me? I don't care what my mother says. We'll be married soon enough, and I hardly think it matters now, do you?" His grimace seems reluctant, but he doesn't put up much of a fight. Since he'd come to stay with them when his own family had kicked him out, disowned him forever, he'd been sleeping on a lumpy pile of ratty blankets next to the living room hearth. He insisted upon it, and Mrs. Everdeen had seemed pleased for him to do it. Ever since, Peeta has been a little too eager in Katniss's mind to please her mother, often to the point of annoying her. "Until you fall asleep," he says, tucking a lock of her hair behind her ear. "And we should probably put our clothes back on, don't you think?" His clothes are too soaked with the smell of gas, his underwear with the sticky mess that had come out of him with those last few clumsy pumps of his hand, so he finds other clothes to change into while Katniss plunges the entire lot into a sink full of freezing water while a kettle boils on the stove. He comes back to help her, insisting that when they're married, he can wash his own uniforms so she can focus on things like her hunting. They'll take care of each other, look out for each other, they agreed on that. When they've hung his coveralls, shirt, underwear, and socks by the fire in the living room, she pulls him by the hand to the bedroom she shares with her mother and Prim. They'll surely