"The cure for anything is salt water - sweat, tears, or the sea." - Isak Dinesen Monday I hear the train approaching miles before it comes into view. It's a gentle click-clack, click-clack at first. I know it will become a deafening roar by the time I see the massive beast of metal and steam come into view. But it comforts me for now, knowing my friends are so close by. Nick tugs on my skirt and I pet his curls with my palm. "Are they close, Mama?" "Yes, baby. Are you excited?" Nick looks a little conflicted. "Yes…but will Auntie Katniss be sad?" My son has too much on his mind for such a little boy. "Maybe. But you know that seeing you always cheers her up when she is sad," I tell him. Nick considers this, and nods slowly. A smile spreads across his face. "Uncle Peeta promised to make pancakes. Do you remember his pancakes, Mama? They're so yummy." I kiss the crown of his head. My hair. Finnick's eyes. My baby. The sound is getting louder. I suppress the instinct to cover my ears with my palms. "Uncle Peeta is our guest this week, baby. Don't make him do too much work, alright?" "Yes, Mama," he tells me. He bounces around on his heels, and whistles a little tune. I want to tell him he's being too loud, but I can't deny my son this little pleasure. He loves to whistle. And he knows to be quiet. He knows how my ears are. The train barely comes into view a long way down the tracks. Nick jumps up and down excitedly. "I see it, Mama! I see the train!" "Do you want to wait out here for it to stop, baby?" I ask him. The sound is beginning to grate on my ears. If I don't put something between me and it before it comes to a stop, I'll lose it for sure. My ears can't handle it. But if I step inside the train station behind the wide windows, I can still watch him and guard my ears. We've done it before. It helps. "Yes. I'll stay right here, I promise," he tells me with a devious smile. With Finnick's devious smile. "No running about until the train stops all the way, Nick, promise me," I tell him seriously. The noise is infiltrating my brain. I just want to go inside the train station before it gets any louder. "I promise, Mama! I'll wait here until I see Uncle Peeta. I won't move a muscle!" he exclaims. I kiss the crown of his head again before turning to go inside the station door marked with a green number 4. I pick a window that has a perfect vantage point to watch my child quiver with excitement. But he is true to his word: despite being rambunctious and seven years old, my son stands in one spot. He doesn't move until the train whistle blows loudly, making me jump. Even twenty feet away and with glass and concrete separating my ears from the noise, it's like I have my ear pressed up against the source of it. My ears betray me, always. Eight years ago, Finnick would wrap his arms around me and whisper into my ears until the noises stopped. His voice would be my barrier. His sweet words would keep me calm. He's gone, but I remember every one of them. After all these ears, his ghost still protects me. I know it will for the rest of my days. The train screeches to a (loud) stop, and Nick leaps into the air excitedly. Several doors are thrown open and people begin to file off. I worry I'll lose sight of him in the crowd, but he stays where I've asked him to until a blonde mop of curls steps out onto the platform. Then he's hurdling towards him like a flash of lightning, squealing in excitement. I can hear him as though I were standing right there with him. "Uncle Peeta! Uncle Peeta!" Nick cries with the enthusiasm only a child is truly capable of. "Excuse me, little boy, I'm looking for my friend Nick…he's about two feet tall and always has his shoe laces untied…" Peeta Mellark's calm voice says teasingly. Nick squeals. "Uncle Peeta, it's me! I'm here!" "No, you can't possibly be…my friend Nick is a small child no bigger than a baby, not a strapping young lad such as yourself…" "Uncle Peeta!" Nick says, and stamps his foot. Peeta grins and opens his arms to my son who leaps into them gratefully. The sounds of the hubbub and the train grow lower and more manageable for my ears. I'm able to force my way against the crowd and have almost reached them when the other person Nick and I have been waiting for steps off the train and stands behind the hugging man and child. "Auntie Katniss!" Nick squeals in delight, and abandons Peeta's arms in favor of the slender ones that belong to Katniss Everdeen. Katniss presses her face into my son's hair, and breathes deeply. She loves the smell of him: salt, sand, grass, and sugar. My son has most assuredly inherited his father's sweet tooth. "We've missed you, little bug," she tells him. Nick beams at her. "Mama went inside because the train was too—oh, wait. Mama! We're here!" he calls to me, but not too loudly. Still holding my child close, Katniss waves to me. Peeta wraps his arms around me when I reach his side. "My arms have been abandoned for much prettier ones. How are you, Annie?" Peeta says as he hugs me. I give him a long hug back, and think Better now that you're both here . I say only, "Good. I'm glad to see you." "Thanks for having us," Katniss says, her face still pressed against Nick's hair. Her eyes are darting around nigh constantly, as though she's looking for someone. But as I requested, I didn't tell her mother she'd be here the last time I ran into her at the grocers in town. It's none of my business what goes on between the two of them. "Auntie Katniss, we're going out on the boat at the end of the week! Aren't you excited?" Nick says. He grows impatient when Peeta and Katniss pay attention to anyone but him. He's supposed to be the most important creature in anyone's lives, of course. Surely we know better than to deprive him of all the attention in the world. "I am, bug. Are you going to steer?" she asks him. Nick nods excitedly. "No you won't, Nick," I tell him. His face falls. "But Ma ma ," he begins. I silence him with my eyes, and he retreats closer into Katniss's embrace. "We didn't bring a lot of bags, but we should go get them anyway," Peeta says, tousling Nick's hair. "Come on, partner. Want a piggy back ride?" Nick breaks away from his Auntie in favor of his Uncle's strong shoulders, and they lead Katniss and I back into the station. Our arms link automatically as we follow them. "Are you really okay, Annie?" she asks me softly. I shrug in response. "How are you?" She shrugs as well. We understand without any more words. Neither of us will ever be really okay. But she has Peeta and I have Nick, so we get by. That's all we can ever really hope for. Nick insists on showing Katniss the strip of beach behind our house when we arrive home as if he's forgotten he takes her on the exact same tour every time she comes for a visit. Peeta offers to help me with lunch. I lay out a spread of rolls, meats, cheeses, and dried fruit while he tends to a tea kettle. He's so loud as he moves about the kitchen, though I know he doesn't mean to be. It's a strange departure from my usually so quiet house when guests come to stay, but it's not unwelcome. And besides, I need Katniss and Peeta here this week. "When will it arrive, Annie?" Peeta asks after several moments of working in near silence. He snatches the kettle off the flame before it has a chance to whistle, which I'm grateful for. "The President's letter said it would be Tuesday or Wednesday. Will that give you enough time?" I tell him. He nods his head. "It'll be fine, I'm sure. Have you told Nick at all?" he asks, pouring the steaming water over the tea leaves. "He'll like hearing it better from you. Your arrival was all he could talk about all weekend," I tell him. He smiles that winning Peeta smile that no manner of struggle or hardship can truly defeat. Unless you saw his scars, you'd have trouble believing that this Peeta Mellark was the same one who came to Thirteen in such dire shape eight years ago. "He's so great, Annie. You know that, right?" he tells me. There's a wistfulness to his voice. "He is. He's the best of both of us, I think," I say with a small smile. "Finnick…would have loved him so much." "He does . I'm sure of it," Peeta says, and puts his hand on my shoulder gently. I swallow over a thick lump in my throat and nod at him. "I know it," I reply. It will never not be hard for Peeta and I to talk about Finnick—he and Katniss still blame themselves. I've grown weary of reassuring them that I don't. So most of the time we avoid the topic altogether. I'm not sure if that's better or worse. The back door slams as it opens, and I hear Nick scamper inside. "Mama? Uncle Peeta? Auntie Katniss and I are hungry!" "Good thing you're home when you are then, bug," Peeta tells him as he enters the kitchen. "Go wash up before we eat, baby," I say. Nick groans, but climbs the stairs as I ask anyway. As if from nowhere, Katniss appears next to Peeta at the stove. He turns to her and smiles at her with the different smile he reserves just for her. "Take this to the table? It's hot," he says to her as she takes the teapot from him. She nods. I avert my eyes as he leans down to press his lips tenderly against her own—some things are not for me to see, even if I can hear the light popping as their lips separate clear as day. They don't have to know that, of course. Nick bounds down the stairs a moment later and sits in his chair expectantly. Peeta and I pass around plates and Katniss pours us all tea. For several minutes there are only sounds of clinking plates and swallowing. Sounds I'm used to. Sounds I know. "Nick, I have a favor I need to ask," Peeta says, crossing his hands over his plate. Nick quirks his head. "Uncle Peeta, I tried to show you how to steer the boat last time, and you kept doing it wrong ," my son replies. Peeta laughs. "No, my days as a sailor were never meant to be. But that's not it. I need your help in…building something…" Peeta says, enticing my excitable son with the secrecy of his words. "Like a ship in a bottle?" Nick asks conspiratorially. "Bigger. Much bigger," Peeta tells him. "Like ten ships in bottles?!" Nick continues. Peeta laughs again. "I'll show you after lunch. But it's going to be our secret what it is until it's done…you can't tell your Mama or Auntie Katniss," Peeta says. "But…they're right here…" Nick says confused as he looks between Katniss and I. "We don't know what it is, little bug. It'll be a surprise for us when you show it to us," Katniss reassures him. This placates my son nicely. "Okay…when do we start, Uncle Peeta?" "First