I do not own anything related to Rick Riordan or his work. All characters and names belong to his Percy Jackson and Heroes of Olympus series. Author's Note: Okay *deep breath*... I temporarily posted this as a bonus chapter to "Aphrodite's High-Class Entertainment," but decided that Jason and Piper deserved their own fic, especially since the aforementioned is a self-proclaimed Percabeth smut. That said, it probably would make more sense if you read "Aphrodite's High-Class Entertainment" before reading this one, though I do explain enough context (I hope). Enjoy! Piper's Reward Jason couldn't stand it. For the last three nights, his dreams had been tormenting him, filled with erotic images that awakened desires he never had dared believe possible. Images of his girlfriend, naked, draped in a loose towel, her back to him, and looking over her shoulder with sultry, beckoning eyes... Jason shook his head, and sat up in bed, leaning forward and holding his head in his hands. It's not that he'd never noticed Piper's beauty ( who the hell hasn't? ), and certainly not that he'd never counted himself extremely lucky to be dating a daughter of Venus—er, Aphrodite, but... lately... "Jason..." Piper's low voice moaned to him. A slim hand slid up her other arm seductively till her mouth tantalizingly licked her fingers while staring at him... "You know you want me..." Gods! These dreams are going to be the death of me! He gripped his hair, inhaling and exhaling deeply, desperately trying to clear his mind. He couldn't understand it. He was a son of Jupiter, a natural born leader. He'd lead armies in both practice and reality, he'd saved his friends from falling out of the sky, he'd helped come up with the best strategies, he was above all... this! So why were a few tempting dreams enough to buckle his knees and take his breath away? He was a fighter, not a lover! Jason smirked, imagining Leo's face at the phrase. But it was true. Jason was raised in New Rome, breeding grounds for demigod (and demigod descendant) warriors and scouts. He may have lived in peace for most of his life, unlike his Greek friends, but he also had trained harder and more fiercely than any of them could imagine. He had no time to think about love, or sex, or even basic selfish desires. It was a big reason why Reyna never worked out; he simply never saw her as anything other than a powerful ally and friend. But after Hera had wiped his memories and plopped him on a bus, holding hands with a beautiful girl named Piper McLean, who called herself his girlfriend, his entire viewpoints on love and relationships flipped on its head. And once his memories had returned (and Piper was devastated that her own "memories" with Jason were just a cruel trick of the Mist), it only made things more confusing. By then, he had already established a bond with Piper that couldn't be undone, and he loved being her boyfriend as well as a partner in fighting. But he had never even considered taking things... farther than that. Even something as formal as marriage had to be put on the backburner with things going downhill in the world, what with Gaia's impending return and all. To think about something as base and primitive as sex, at a time like this, was unheard of! Uncouth! And... strangely all the more appealing... Argh! Get out of my head, stupid fantasies! Jason stood up and took up his sword and armor. He needed to train, hard, and put this nonsense to an end. "Honestly, demigod boys are so hopeless sometimes!" Aphrodite complained to her sleepy lover, as they laid naked in bed. They had been having nonstop sex for three days and nights (gods never care about time, especially in the bedroom), and while Ares was exhausted from their lovemaking, Aphrodite felt refreshed and reinvigorated. May the gods forever bless Annabeth Chase for exceeding her expectations! Children of Athena rarely made entertaining lovers, but the girl's love for the son of Poseidon (not only Athena's rival and part-time enemy, but also a rather active lover himself) made a surprisingly impressive combination. Ares hadn't fucked me like that in a century , she mused dreamily. And Piper, my dear daughter, actually managed to create a novice lover out of such a hopeless case! That's no easy feat, even with MY help - (Aphrodite had planted lustful thoughts in Annabeth's head, naturally) - but Jason! The poor boy is turning out worse than Athena's girl! At least she has guts! The goddess of love sighed and turned to glance at her daughter's quarters. Piper was undressing and glancing nervously in the mirror, frowning at invisible blemishes, and sighing with exasperation as she slipped into her pajamas. Aphrodite smiled affectionately, seeing a bit of the girl's father in her: both were out-of-this-world beautiful people, and yet both harbored secret insecurities about their flawless bodies. Tristan, at least, was mortal, so his hardships were understandable. But Piper carried the blood of the goddess of BEAUTY, for Olympus' sake! Unlike her demigod siblings, Piper lacked confidence in her body image and sexual prowess, but, thankfully, she knew the basics and had instincts. Not to mention Aphrodite had heard and seen the girl's fantasies; she wanted more than she let on. Her modesty was cute, but it was nothing compared to the brick wall of her boyfriend's mind! This called for some serious backup. Aphrodite flipped a drachma into her bedside fountain, and called out, "Eros, sweetie, mummy needs some assistance." Piper felt quite proud of herself, though she tried not to admit it. After practically shoving Annabeth into Percy's quarters, she had returned to her own bed, and promptly put earplugs in and plopped down to read some Native American legends. Her dad gave her an old copy of legends and folklore, and she carried it with her wherever she went. It was one of the few sentimental items she dared to haul with her on her crazy adventures. It brought peace and comfort to her in times of chaos and danger. Although, this time around, it wasn't used to block out anything bad, but rather, to give her friends some privacy. As it so happens, though Piper was deaf to the world that night, the rest of the gang aboard the Argo ll had quite an opposite experience. For the next three nights after Percy and Annabeth's rather passionately loud lovemaking, the two couldn't remain in a room with Leo for more than ten seconds before he busted up laughing and cracked a joke. Hazel refused to acknowledge their existence for the time-being, blushing dark red whenever they entered a room together, and often making some lame excuse to leave the premises. Nico acted moodier than ever, and often accompanied his sister whenever she fled the scene in a flustered state. Frank seemed torn between embarrassed and admiring of their boldness, and Jason kept a stiff upper lip as usual. Coach Hedge was furious; he never heard the two lovers, due to being stuck at the helm the whole time and under the persuasion of Piper's charmspeak, but he soon gathered as much by Leo's wisecracking and even Percy's sheepishly proud grin (not to mention Annabeth's obvious blushing face). It took Piper a good twenty minutes of coaxing and pleading to finally convince the bristling satyr to leave Percy and Annabeth alone, though she could tell he would not come to full terms with it just yet. Though it was quite entertaining watching all this go down, Piper couldn't help but feel slightly disappointed in Jason's reaction. Hazel and Nico, she understood, being children raised in the 1940's, but even shy Frank laughed at Leo's jokes and Piper could have sworn he took Percy aside, blushing bright red, to ask for tips to get his girlfriend, Hazel, to warm up a bit. But Jason? Nope, he acted as if nothing was out of the ordinary, and even coolly ignored Leo's jokes as if they were remarks on the weather. She had secretly hoped he would at least be a bit more curious or even pull a leaf out of Frank's book and have a secret guy talk with Percy or something. Anything to make him seem like an actual teenage boy -! Piper gasped, shocked at her sudden rush of anger. No, no it wasn't fair of her to judge. Sometimes she felt like the fake memories of her six months dating Jason were clouding her real memories. She was expecting more intimacy, from a Roman demigod no less. The real Jason had proven to be a capable and remarkable leader, not to mention, he behaved like a perfect gentleman around his girlfriend. So far, the most romantic moment they had was camping outside, on their journey with Leo, when Jason wrapped a blanket around Piper's shoulders and they talked for a little while. But that was before his memories returned, before his Roman identity returned. After that, though he decided to continue dating her, Jason held her at an arm's length most of the time. They only kissed a handful of times, and have for the most part, been rather chaste, even with Piper gently trying to slip in her tongue every so often. Jason always seemed to enjoy himself, but then would cut the fun short abruptly, peck a kiss on her cheek and hurry away. At first, she thought it was cute, thinking he was only shy. But lately... Aphrodite chuckled, pouring herself a glass of nectar. Oh, sweet, innocent Piper, calling the boy shy was an understatement. He's a stiff prude and, while dating one of MY daughters, that i s unforgivable! Jason slashed his sword in the air, slicing down invisible enemies, yelling and grunting with each thrust. Dammit, dammit, dammit! It's not that he found sex gross, or the idea of having sex with Piper gross. Far from it! But he just never gave it any serious thought. Sex was a mindless act, as far as Jason knew, and something people had a tendency to jump into without a second's thought. He needed time, he needed to think, he needed - "What you need is to relax. Seriously, dude." Jason almost leaped out of his skin. He spun around, sword poised, to face... a god. He appeared to be around Jason's age, a rather good-looking fellow with an angelic face and slim build, wearing silk red pajamas, a bow and quiver of arrows, and (oddly enough) a blindfold around his eyes. While Jason gaped at the sight, the god spoke again. "Dude, quit staring at me, you're creeping me out. Yes, I can see you, okay, the blindfold is just a part of my image. Name's Eros, by the way, or Cupid, as you probably know me best by..." "Why aren't you here as Cupid then?" Jason blurted out, too bewildered to think twice. "When in the name of love, we are all the one and the same," Eros said wearily, as if he had said the phrase far too many times. "But I'm not here to talk about me. I'm here to talk about YOU, and your girlfriend. You guys have serious problems." "We do?" Jason asked, alarmed. "Well, yeah, why else would Mom send me all the way here to straighten you out? You're not moving fast enough, you're not getting it on, you're not doing the deed, you're not making 'the beast with two backs,' you're not giving her a hot meat injection - DO I REALLY NEED TO SPELL IT OUT TO YOU?" He suddenly yelled, stunned at Jason's blank expression. "Dude, you've never gotten your candle waxed—oh for gods' sake!" He shouted up at the sky. "Mom, did you really have to make me quote euphemisms all the time?! I don't think I have enough to explain it to this dunderhead!"