I own nothing by Rick Riordan. All characters and names belong to his Percy Jackson and Heroes of Olympus series. Author's Note: Ohmygosh~~ This is my first (complete) attempt of a fanfic smut, and only my third proper fic ever written (I'm not counting the two poems I did for fun). I did not expect it to get this popular! (Yes, I consider anything above 5 or 6 favorite/follows as "popular," don't judge me!) EDIT: Over 30 favorites... damn... Side note: I added a bonus/sequel smut (focusing on Piper and Jason instead). Originally it was going to be bonus chapter here, but I decided against it at the last minute. Check it out, if you'd like! It's titled "Piper's Reward." That said, enjoy! Aphrodite's High-Class Entertainment You would think after spending weeks in Tartarus, all Percy and Annabeth would want is a nice warm bed on the Argo II, a cup of hot chocolate each (Percy's would have blue marshmallows, of course), and maybe two, three weeks of solid, undisturbed sleep, preferably in each others' arms, as a reminder that they are both still alive. No such luck. Then again, Percy mused later, perhaps "no such luck" could translate to "best luck I'll ever get, being a demigod and all." Once aboard Leo's beloved ship, everyone gave the two Tartarus survivors some space while they set course for the next destination. The next adventure. Or, as Annabeth put it, the next close encounter to death. (No one said "hopefully, not the last.") Sure, he didn't get tons of undisturbed sleep or blue-marshmallow hot cocoa, but he had Annabeth and his friends, and that was all Percy could ask for, considering his already tremendously long list of bad luck. The first night aboard the Argo II swiftly changed his mind on things. Annabeth couldn't stand it. While in Tartarus, the thought of sleeping on a real bed, full of warm, comforting blankets seemed like a dream too good to be true. Now, it was a nightmare. She felt suppressed, in a cage after finally tasting the sun again. Jason and the others practically shoved her into her cabin, insisting on getting some sleep before their big giant battle. Annabeth didn't care about sleep. Annabeth wanted... wanted... Percy . A year ago, those kind of thoughts would be enough for her to want to punch her stupid boyfriend right in the face for making her think that way (a feat that would no doubt, lead him to either argue with her or give her those hurt, puppy-dog eyes that makes her want to melt into a puddle). Either that or do her best to deny it. But after those awful eight months Hera stole away, her quest for her mother, AND trudging through Tartarus with the crazy, idiotic boy who willingly let go of the ledge to fall with her... Yeah, Annabeth couldn't deny it anymore. She wanted sex. And she needed it. NOW. Usually a child of Athena thinks these kind of situations through. Things like protection, pregnancy, disease, etc would normally swirl through her mind as reminders to not jump onto the bandwagon of hormones. Yeah, well, not every child of Athena had to fall to Tartarus and fight to survive, while also keeping their boneheaded boyfriend in check. And not every demigod has a boyfriend who'd fall into Hell itself just to be with her... Not being able to withstand herself alone with her thoughts, Annabeth lost her grip entirely and scrambled out of her cabin, running noisily to Percy's door, not caring if the rest of the crew heard her. Hera herself could be watching her, and good riddance to that! Unfortunately, she underestimated Coach Hedge's ability to show up at the worse times. "You kids and your crazy hormonal bodies," he grumbled as he escorted a protesting Annabeth back to her room. "You'd think you'd spend more time blowing up stuff than kissing boys!" "Coach!" "What?" "Y-you're not one to talk! From what I hear, you and Mellie have been busy, too-" "DOES NOT COUNT!" The satyr's face was as red as Hazel's rubies. "Mellie and I are serious, adults, and married, for that matter. But I see the look in your eyes, young lass. You want more than just some kissing, there's no mistaking that look." "I-" Annabeth stuttered, remembering herself and feeling her face flush over with heat. "I don't know what you're..." "Hey, can you guys keep your discussion elsewhere?" Coach Hedge and Annabeth spun around to face a very disheveled (yet still annoyingly gorgeous) Piper. Her eyes were baggy, like she'd just crawled out of bed, and her hair was standing up places that normally didn't seem physically possible. Yet, as a daughter of Aphrodite, she still radiated beauty. Natural beauty. Piper blinked and stared at the satyr's hand firmly grasping Annabeth's elbow. "Wh-what are you doing out of bed at this hour, Annabeth?" The older girl's face was all that needed to be said. Piper opened her mouth for a moment, then closed it, and seemed to study the situation carefully. Coach began impatiently bouncing on his hooves, anxious to see the daughter of Athena to bed. Suddenly, Piper adopted a smile and spoke to the satyr, "Coach, why don't you go out at the helm and keep an eye out on things?" Her charmspeak was so strong that Annabeth was tempted to join the satyr, till she regained her composure. Coach Hedge, on the other hand, looked confused. "I- Shouldn't I be escorting her to-?" "No," Piper said, so firmly that the coach instantly let go of Annabeth's elbow and stood at attention. "No, go to the helm and stay, for maybe an hour or two. Make sure we don't get attacked by ice monsters again." Apparently the thought of being actually encouraged to go blow stuff up (in case of enemies, of course) was enough to convince the satyr. Or maybe it was Piper's voice. Annabeth still could never be sure. Coach Hedge let go of her and trotted up the stairs to the deck, whistling what sounded an old patriotic folk song. Piper breathed a sigh of relief, then grinned at Annabeth. "Want some privacy with the son of the sea god? Bet your mom wouldn't particularly approve." Annabeth flushed. "Um... well, with that logic, neither would his dad, so that makes us even!" Piper laughed and nudged her friend playfully. "I'm teasing, silly. But maybe next time you think about getting on with your boyfriend, you would try a more, er, subtle approach. You're lucky everyone's exhausted from the quest; your thundering down the hall would have woken even Frank!" She winked, and motioned Annabeth to her cabin. "I may be embarrassed half the time to be a daughter of Aphrodite, but I do know some...stuff... Let's give you some pointers, crazy girl, then I'll personally escort you to Percy's cabin. You know. In case the Coach changes his mind." Annabeth laughed nervously, then asked slyly, as she was lead to Piper's quarters, "How much, exactly, do you know, lover-girl?" It was Piper's turn to blush. "You're so freaking lucky you don't have a mother who visits you in your dreams and gives you 'pointers' to the best way to please a guy in bed..." She cleared her throat nervously. "And since Jason isn't exactly...ready for that kind of stuff, I might as well pass the torch of knowledge to someone who will actually make use it." She sat down on her bed and Annabeth joined her, and she switched her voice to have a little charmspeak to relax the other girl. "Now then... listen carefully..." By now, Percy was used to crazy stuff happening in his life. Gods, you might even say he half-expects it. Everything, from joining Camp Half-Blood to battling the god of war in the Pacific Ocean, from landing on Calypso's island to losing his memories, lead to Percy simply accepting that life was always going to throw a curve ball at him, for better or for worse (the answer was usually worse, but hey, Camp Half-Blood's pretty all right). So, you'd think he wouldn't be particularly shocked when he's awakened in the dead hours of the night, by his very red-faced, practically naked girlfriend. You would think that her showing up, wearing a very risque, revealing corset (and nothing else, his wandering eyes noted), long blonde hair cascading down over her flushed face, and leaning rather teasingly over the bed to be face-to-face with him, he'd throw back the covers, pose seductively, and say to her, "Take me, I'm yours." No such luck. "Umm, Annabeth, where are your clothes?" BY GODS, could he be stupider?! If there was a brick wall nearby, Percy would voluntarily ram his head through it. Twice, for good measure. Where are your clothes? His girlfriend dresses up for him in ways tons of guys only dream of and all he can think of is "where are your clothes?!" He winced, and shut his eyes in humiliation expecting a slap. Gods know he deserved one. Instead, he heard a muffled giggle, so he chanced a peek. His girlfriend seemed to have forgotten her initial embarrassment and was covering her mouth with both hands, hopelessly suppressing hysterical laughter. Even Percy couldn't resist a sheepish grin. "Yeah, yeah, I know. Seaweed Brain now and always, right?" "No shit, Sherlock," Annabeth gasped at last, managing to swallow her bout of giggles. "But that's what I love about you." Suddenly, her mouth was on his and they were kissing more passionately than their reunion at New Rome, a kind of kiss they hadn't shared since before Hera waltzed in and ruined everyone's lives, and then Annabeth was straddling him and, involuntarily (or was it?), their hips began to gently buck together- "Annabeth-wait!" Percy pushed away (his body screaming in protest – particularly a certain member downstairs). "S-slow down. It's not that I don't appreciate … I-I mean, I do, I d-do, you look great—no, fantastic, no, more like sexy as hell – no, hell's not sexy and we both know that, obviously, far from it but, n-not saying that you aren't. Hell, I mean. Still sexy. Wait, what am I-" Annabeth cut his rambling with a finger to his lips. She grinned and shook her head in exasperation. "You're asking why am I suddenly in your bed, seducing you?" Percy nodded, feeling tongue-tied. He hadn't felt this stunned with Annabeth's boldness since their first kiss in that volcano. But this time – this time! Where did this confident, overtly sexualized temptress of his girlfriend come from? For a wild moment, Percy thought he had just made out with Aphrodite in disguise, but then he saw her tug at the ends of her hair, nervously. Her face was red again, and she proceeded to ramble in a way that could only be his Annabeth. "Well, um, you see... I was wanting you- NOT that kind of wanting, you pervert! Just... wanting your company. And you. And stuff. And Coach caught me and Piper too, and she got rid of him for me and you know... took me to her room …. and showed me... stuff..." "Sounds hot," Percy said, winking. In all honesty, lesbianisms didn't turn on Percy the way it did for most guys. He didn't particularly care, whatever floats people's boats, was his philosophy. But he knew his girlfriend, and loved making her flustered more than anything. Her face turned all kinds of shades of red before her spluttering turned into words. "WE DIDN'T! I mean, we didn't do anything, she just showed me, p-positions-" "Mmmhmmmm," Percy grinned, wiggling his eyebrows. Annabeth couldn't help it; she suckerpunched him. He nearly fell off the bed, only to be caught by his mortified girlfriend, who was now spewing off apologies and accusations a million miles per hour, to the point where they no longer sounded coherently separated. But Percy was only laughing. Annabeth glared