C/N: This is the introduction and background to Edward, before he heads back to school. He is hurting and broken, give him a little love. He needs it. Thanks to the PTB Beta Team who reviewed this chapter for me: MrsDazzled and BellaDean Chapter 1 ~ Broken Heart EPOV Two weeks before the start of the semester, I was actually looking forward to returning to school which was kind of amazing considering the fucked up year I'd had. I had originally not wanted to attend college, but I kind of agreed to it for my parents' sake. I was a sophomore at the University of Washington majoring in pre-med with a minor in music. The music bit was my idea. It had always been part of my life since I was little. I played the guitar - well, used to play is more like it. I hadn't touched my baby in more than six months, but more on that later. I was hoping that getting away from Forks for another year would help me get over some of the lingering issues I have because of her. Something happened during my freshman year at college, on Valentine's Day, no less. It totally blind-sided me. I never imagined in a million years that it would go down like it did. Looking back on it, I never saw any signs. As they say, love is blind. Fuck that cliché, but it rang true. I thought that we were in love; at least I knew I was in love, but I guess I was too naive. Because of what happened, my trust in women other than my mother and sister had gone to hell in a hand basket. I still had issues with my sister, but that was for other reasons. One thing was for sure - I would never give my heart to anyone like that again. I would not put myself in the position again to get hurt like that. Fuck them all! My girlfriend was Tanya Denali - a bitch, and I'm being generous with that description now , and I was hoping she was going to become my fiancé and then after I graduated, we'd maybe even get married. That was my dream of course, but that went to shit when she told me she was having an affair with a friend of mine and that she was pregnant with his baby. I had been with her since my junior year of high school and at the time, I was more than halfway into my freshman year of college. I honestly thought she was my everything. She was supposed to become my wife, be the mother of my children. I could see my future with her when I looked into her crystal-blue eyes every time we made love. What a crock of shit! I was going to propose to her during an incredibly romantic evening that I had planned for over a month. I reserved a room at one of the most sought-after restaurants in Seattle. I had it decorated with roses and candles everywhere. I wanted it to be special for her. I was there when she walked through the door, wearing the most beautiful red dress I have ever seen. It was a strapless, empire waist satin gown. It flowed openly with a slit up to her thigh. She was beautiful. Her strawberry colored hair was pinned up with loose strands falling around her face, and she was wearing just a touch of make-up. She was naturally beautiful. My heart skipped a few beats as she walked toward me, and my breathing became erratic. She didn't come up to kiss me when she got to the table; which was unusual for her. The waiter helped her with her chair. Once she sat, I followed in my chair. My mouth was dry and my hands were shaking. I was so fucking nervous. I couldn't stop running my hands through my hair every thirty seconds. The waiter took our order, and when he left, I just began to stare at her. I moved my hand over to grasp hers, but she moved her hand back before I could take it. That should have gotten my attention, but no, of course not. I didn't think anything of it. Now Is just a good a time as any , I thought . "Tanya?" My mouth felt parched. "Yeah, Edward." She answered as she took a sip of water; fidgeting in her chair. "You know how much I love you right?" I asked as I looked right into her eyes. She met my gaze and then suddenly looked away. Signs, right? "Sure," she said nonchalantly. "I was hoping to take our relationship to the next level. I know that I just started college, and I have a few years ahead of me before I graduate, but I wanted to let you know that I will love you for the rest of my life and you are the one for me. I want you to be in my life forever." She didn't look at me. Her gaze was focused somewhere in the distance. I started getting even more nervous; if that was even possible. I pulled the little black box out of my pocket and opened it. "Tanya... honey," I said, causing her to finally look back over to me, and then look down at the box where her eyes grew wide. "I wanted to ask you something." I smiled at her. "Edward, what are you doing?" she gasped as her breath got caught in her throat. "Will you marry me? Make me the happiest man on this earth…" I trailed off as she quickly stood up from her chair and started pacing behind it. "Tanya, are you okay?" I asked. I was getting concerned. What was she thinking? She couldn't stop shaking her head. I heard a noise coming from her. I thought that maybe she was crying. Boy was I wrong. She didn't say anything at first, but out of nowhere she started laughing, and my heart shattered into about a million little pieces. What the fuck is going on? Where did this come from? What did I miss? I was about to find out what kind of fucked up relationship I really had with her. When she finally stopped laughing, about two minutes later, she began to tell me why she couldn't marry me. First, she told me she never thought our relationship was that serious. I was just some sort of play thing to her. Second, she told me about James, the fucker and my friend, who she had been sleeping with before I graduated from high school. Thirdly, she found out the week before that she was four weeks pregnant with his bastard child. Of course it wasn't mine, and my heart was torn to shreds again. She was supposed to be mine, and we were supposed to have a family together. I knew the baby wasn't mine because we hadn't been together since Thanksgiving when I had made it home for the holidays. I had to pull myself together from sobbing out loud, her confession weighting on me heavily, nearly crushing me. ~*MoTH*~ I went home to Forks that night. I needed to be close to my family, but I wasn't ready to talk. The next day when I told Alice and Emmett what had happened, After some serious provoking from my dear little evil pixie of a sister, they were out for blood. Alice was worried about me when I didn't get out of bed that morning. She knocked on my door, but of course, I wasn't up for company. My heart had been ripped from my chest, trampled on and torn to pieces. Alice, being Alice, wasn't having that. She just walked right into my room. Damn, I knew I should have locked my door last night. I had my covers up over my entire body, with my pillow over my head. Alice came and sat the end of my bed and shook me. "Edward," she said lowly. I ignored her, which was a bad move. "Edward!" she yelled and at the same time she tried to pull the cover off of me. I had a death grip on it. "What is your problem?" "Alice, get out of my room!" I growled from underneath the covers. "Not happening, Edward. Come on, what's the deal?" she asked in an annoyed tone. "FUCK OFF, ALICE!" I yelled at her. "DON'T YOU YELL AT ME, BROTHER! I didn't do a damn thing to you, you prick!" she shouted. She was getting pissed. I should have known better. She knew me better than I knew myself sometimes. My voice was softer this time. "I'm sorry sis, but I don't want to talk about what happened, please." "Uh uh, get from underneath the covers, Edward. What happened to you last night? You came home so late. We weren't expecting you home until next weekend. I thought you had a special night planned with Tanya," she asked with concern. My heart clenched at the mention of her name. I didn't ever want to hear her name again. I could feel the anger building in my body and I immediately tensed. Alice felt the shift in my body. "Edward, come on, you're starting to scare me." Her voice was cracking at the end of the sentence and I knew what would come next. Oh no, please don't. Then I heard it, the sniffle. SHIT! I'm in trouble now. I couldn't stand the thought of my sister crying. It broke my heart. I tossed the pillow off to the side of my bed, and I threw the cover off of me. I looked up at Alice and I could see the tears threatening to spill over. FUCK! "I'm sorry, Alice. Don't cry. I'm fine, see," I said sitting up and placing my hand under her chin angling her head up to look into her eyes. "I just had a really fucked up night last night and I needed to get away from Seattle to be close to my family." She nodded, but of course it didn't stop there. "What happened?" She moved closer to me. I sighed and rolled my eyes. She was pouting. Ugh! Damn it! "I proposed to Tanya last night," I whispered. She gasped and Emmett coughed in surprise. I looked over to where the noise came from. I didn't even know he was in there. I should have known she would have brought back up. If she couldn't get me out of bed, all he would have needed to do was toss my mattress, while I was still on it. I'm so not ready for this. "W-Wh-What? I knew you had a special night planned, but I didn't think it was anything like that? How did I not see this coming?" She asked, as her eyebrows furrowed in confusion. My wannabe psychic sister thought she could see things that were supposed to happen in the future. She wasn't always one hundred percent accurate, but I still wouldn't bet against her. I snorted at her comment. "Maybe it wasn't supposed to happen, obviously, because she didn't say yes," I said sarcastically. All of a sudden all the emotions I was holding in wanted a release, but I fought to keep them back. I was not going to cry in front of my sister and brother, but I couldn't keep my voice from cracking. "She laughed at me after I proposed. She told me that she had been fucking James for over a year and, to top it off, that she was pregnant with that fucker's kid," I said, still fighting back the tears, but also growing angrier by the second. "SAY WHAT?" they both cried in unison. I'm so not going to repeat that shit again. "Please don't make me say it again. It was hard enough to say it the