Hey everyone! This is my first Hunger Games story, so I'm a bit nervous. It's also my first real AU so double the nerves. But I'm very excited about this concept and I hope you will give it a chance. I'm really intrigued by AUs and I find it fun to consider how the personalities of different characters would play out in different settings. Characters from The Hunger Games are especially fun to work with because they are all so well thought out and unique. There's a lot you can do with them! I've enjoyed putting this together, imagining different possibilities, and working to make everyone act as realistic and in character as possible. It's basically a modern day AU exploring the characters' interactions in high school, and how the challenges in their lives have shaped who they are. I've included characters that were originally spread out through Panem in the canon story, and have instead put them all in the same general area. Most of the main characters are 17 or 18 in their final year of high school, including Gale, so now he and Katniss are about the same age. I just found seniors more interesting to work with honestly, and it fueled the plotline better. But as basic and boring as all that sounds, it gets complicated pretty quickly. Anyway, hope you enjoy this! Please let me know what you think. Thanks! I glance warily around the crowded living room, from where I half sit, half lean on the edge of a massive entertainment center, eagerly counting down the minutes until I can leave this place. Gale Hawthorne bet me I couldn't last a single hour at the party thrown by one of the guys at our school, so naturally I was determined to stay for at least two. But as the minutes slowly tick by, I start to consider that one hour alone might be more than I can tolerate and my resolve to stay for a second hour begins to dwindle. Really it was a silly stance to take in the first place. But I'd been so annoyed with him. The whole predicament was Madge's fault. Gale and I were standing in front of our lockers, discussing our work schedules for the week when she sauntered up and asked if I'd go to the big party Cato Alistar was throwing in honor of the football game his team had just won. I opened my mouth to hastily refuse, but before I had gotten a chance Gale had erupted into a fit of laughter. "Katniss? At one of those parties? Interacting with actual people? You've a better chance getting her to go with you to that fancy nail salon of yours, Madge," he said while eyeing her new manicure. The decline of her invitation, still hanging in my open mouth disappeared with an audible clack, and I crossed my arms, subconsciously hiding my broken and calloused fingertips in the process. Something about the way he eyed her clean and polished nails had bit at me. I never expected him to even notice something like that, let alone comment on it. In my opinion a manicure was a waste of time and money, especially considering how my vocational and extra-curricular activities made it near impossible to keep my nails nice. My neglect of such things had been a practical choice, not a preference. I figured he of all people would understand why. Shaking my head of the unfamiliar considerations, I glared at him with all the irritation I could muster. And then for reasons I still cannot fathom, I found myself denying his claims that I wouldn't want to go. "I have plenty of experience interacting with actual people, Gale," I chided. He knows this much to be true. I've been trading and selling produce from our household garden, at the unofficial Farmer's Markets on Hob Street every Thursday and Saturday since the age of twelve. I can barter and haggle with the best of them without batting an eye, and Gale knows me to be an excellent salesperson. "I enjoy socializing with people just as much as the next person! When I get the chance at least." That part of the statement was a bold faced lie and he of course recognized it as such. "Ha!" he barked in my face. "You can't stand Cato, let alone his friends, or anyone else in this whole school, save for Madge and me." That wasn't entirely true either. There are some genuinely kind people in my classes that have been good to me over the years, sharing notes, partnering with me in labs or sports activities, or other assignments. I've been on the track team since the start of my freshman year, and I've always gotten along well with the other girls on the team, save for Cato's sister Clove who is particularly abrasive. Admittedly there are a lot of people at our school that I find to be unbearable, and as for real friends, I only have Madge and Gale to call my own. It just never really occurred to me that I might consider needing more than them. Truth be told I hardly have the time. Gale is easy enough to keep track of. We're neighbors, and have a long standing trade agreement; his families' eggs and goat milk for our vegetables, and the occasional scarf and cap knitted by my sister Prim. Then when he turned 16 I was able to get him a basic janitorial job at the sports center my father had been a partner at, and our schedules there often coincided. Madge Undersee and I have been able to maintain a relationship simply because she is the most low maintenance friend on the face of the earth. She doesn't feel the need to text me constantly or call me to hang out every weekend. For the most part our interactions are limited to brief conversations we exchange in school. We met our first year of junior high during a particularly difficult time in my life. My father had died the year before, and I'd become rather withdrawn. I hadn't really noticed a first, since a lot of things escaped my notice in my grief, but Madge was having a tough time that year as well. Her father, the mayor, had been accused of some kind of political scandal, and had grown rather unpopular with the public. He'd eventually managed to clear his name in time to win the next reelection, but for a while the gossip about him caused a lot of trouble for his family, Madge included. She'd been the source of quite a bit of teasing, and was constantly being hounded with questions. We somehow recognized in each other a mutual need for peace and quiet and naturally banded together. We ate lunch together in silence, collaborated on class projects without feeling the need to make small talk, and when one of us got picked on in the halls, we faced the onslaught together returning insults with our own fierce glares and biting remarks. Now that we've both progressed out of our particular rough patches in life, we've found safe topics we actually are comfortable discussing; things like my sports activities, her music, and our families and classes. Madge is quite a bit more feminine than me, but isn't one of those girls that feels the need to talk about fashion and makeup, just because it's something she cares about. I think she may have tried once or twice but when she figured out I had absolutely nothing of interest to contribute to the subject she never brought it up again. She's also not gossipy like some girls, which I find incredibly refreshing. On occasion I get invited over to her house, although more often than not I have to decline. Madge has always accepted this fact about me though without question, and has never acted offended about me refusing her invitations, and has not stopped asking me in spite of how many times I need to say no. She never lets it be awkward, and I appreciate her for that. However, asking me to go to a party was a bit new. Neither of us had ever been very interested in those kinds of things in the past, and I imagined she was asking me because she wanted to have some moral support. Still, her reasoning for wanting to go in the first place was beyond me. I'd just resolved to ask her why she felt the sudden need to go to some stupid high school party, when I realized that Gale was still laughing at me. "Honestly Kat, I bet you wouldn't last a single hour at that party! They'd eat you alive!" he declared. And that was all it took to convince me. To imply I wouldn't have fun was one thing, but to suggest that I couldn't survive our schoolmates, with their shallow gossip, and unimaginative insults (I've been called nothing but Scarecrow since 7th grade) was a grave affront to my ego. My jaw immediately locked, my back straightened and two days later I found my stubborn pride had born me straight to the lame party just so I could prove stupid Gale Hawthorne wrong. I can't help thinking I'm getting the short end of this stick though. Yeah, I get to show him up, but at what cost? I glance down at my phone for the third time in the last five minutes. The time reads 10:15, and I have no messages from Madge. She's late, and I still have 45 minutes to kill if I'm going to stay for the hour I committed myself to. Holding out for two hours is seeming less and less likely, especially if Madge isn't going to show. I scan the room again searching for something to do. What are you supposed to do at these kinds of events anyway? Talk to people? Not likely, especially since I don't know a single person here. It's remarkable really that I've gone to school with these people for 4 years and still can't recognize anyone. Maybe Gale's right, and I'm even more antisocial than I thought. I force myself to stop picking at my nails in my nervousness and start chewing on my lip instead. I'd accidentally taken Prim's cherry chapstick instead of my own plain lip balm, and it is both sweet and gummy, two things I'm miserably unfamiliar and uncomfortable with. It also tastes nothing like cherries. But scraping it off my already chapped lips is distracting me from my nails, so I go ahead and indulge. I'd actually gone through the trouble of trimming my nails as neatly as possible and coating them in some clumpy red polish I'd found in the back of our medicine cabinet. The polish was old, and the color was most certainly out of fashion, and I'd applied it with an unpracticed, shaky hand, but I'm determined to keep it on through the night, just to prove to myself that I can. Another stupid unspoken challenge thrown down by Gale that I'd taken on without being asked. Why do I suddenly care so much what he thinks about me anyway? Gale and I spend a lot of time together, so naturally people have assumed over the years that we are dating, but the truth is there's never been anything like that between us. I don't even know if I want there to be. However, the fact that people whisper about how Gale could do so much better than a scrawny tomboy like me, coupled with the way he's been eyeing Madge lately with her designer clothing and meticulous attention to her beautification rituals irks me. Gale's my best friend, practically like family. He's one of the few people in the world whose opinion actually matters to me. The possibility that even he might think I'm not good enough for him just hurts.