Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters. All rights go to Rick Riordan, author of Percy Jackson and the Olympians and Percy Jackson Heroes of the Olympus. A/N: This is my first fanfiction, so no flames please! I admired Falling for A Goddess by Aix98 and Everlasting Promise by StarBlade176. Both of them have great stories, so you should check them out :) Drop a review if you can, but please, be nice to me. Enjoy! Chapter 1 Percy's POV: After the war against Gaeia, a Primordial Goddess, I expected to face a time of peace. I wished that everything would simply cool down. Maybe I would finally be able to spend time with my girlfriend, Annabeth, and my friends from the Roman Camp, Camp Jupiter. Of course, I never had such luck. I thought the war had solved our problems, but everything simply became worse. Monsters became restless and attacked demi-gods relentlessly. I didn't know why, but I did know that half-bloods were barely making their way to Camp Half-Blood, the Greek camp for the demi-gods. Usually, they were alone because the satyr that acted as their protector had either died from the violence of the monsters or the were eaten by the drakons. As for Annabeth and me, life did not turn out as well as I had expected. One day, I had woken up and had gone to find Annabeth in the Athena cabin, but all I had found was a letter addressed to me from Annabeth. Flashback Coming back from a quest, I was excited to see Annabeth again after months. As I walked up the hill and past the pine tree, an Iris Message popped up and Nico, my best friend, who was a son of Hades, appeared in front of me. "Hey Nico, long time no see!" Nico smiled. "Yep, I missed you too Perce. I will stop by the camp when I have my time. It is kind of busy in the Underworld." Then, I heard a man bellow with rage. "NICO! WHERE ARE YOU! DON'T SLACK OFF!" Nico's smile dropped as soon as he heard the man. "Well Percy, you heard my dad, so I think I would have to go now. See you soon!" "Alright death breath. Something must have happened to make Hades mad. You should really go check it out. Bye!" As soon as he gave me a painful look, I waved my hand through the mist, and the message disappeared in front of me. I gradually walked up Half-Blood hill, smiled a bit when I thought about Annabeth and my friends. I walked down to the Big House once I had a clear view of the camp and saw Chiron, the centaur and my mentor, waving at me happily . "Percy, my boy, you're back! I take it that your quest was completed safely?" Chiron said with glee while hugging me tightly. "Yes Chiron. It was extremely successful. May I ask, where is Annabeth?" I asked. Chiron shifted uncomfortably, refusing to meet my eyes. "I'm not sure about that. She seemed to be busy. Go to the Athena cabin and ask them." Chiron replied nervously. There was a funny feeling in my head, but I knew that the only way to find out was to go to the cabin. "Alright, thanks!" I said. I made my way to the Athena cabin, actually, I tried to. When Chiron told the campers about my return, all my friends including the Stoll brothers, Clarisse La Rue, came running at me, and tackled me to the ground. Every single camper had smiles on their faces, which was heartwarming, except for the children of Athena, they looked rather pale. It was as if they had done something wrong. Speaking of children of Athena, Annabeth didn't appear to be among the crowd. I frowned at that, but was distracted by all the overly hyper campers. "So Prissy," Clarisse, daughter of Ares, said while punched me playfully on the shoulder. "The camp never felt the same when you weren't here; I mean, no one had the guts to fight me." She said before rolling her eyes. "Well Clarisse, I guess you should brace yourself. I am here now, and you will be begging for mercy before you realize it," I said with a smirk. Clarisse raised an eyebrow. "Is that a challenge, Jackson? Well, bring it on!" "Sorry, I have things to catch up. I will meet you in the arena in one hour," I said while my thoughts drifted to Annabeth. Leaving the campers behind, I headed towards the cabin of the children of Athena. It looked like a miniature version of the Parthenon from Athens. But to ensure privacy, instead of having only stone pillars to support the roof, it also had gray slabs of stone in between. It had a majestic aura to it, despite it being only a fraction of the original's size. Overall, it seemed worthy of the goddess of Wisdom's children. As I knocked on the door, Annabeth's second in command, Malcolm, opened the door and greeted me with a small smile. "Hey Percy, where were you?" he asked. "I was on a quest" I replied, trying to peek inside the cabin. "So... where is Annabeth?" Malcolm's face suddenly dropped as he fidgeted around and refused to look me in the eyes. "Oh right Annabeth. Well, she is not here now, but she left a note for you " he said, reaching on the shelves and pulled out an envelope. "Oh. Thanks" I said, feeling somewhat confused. "I suggest that you go to the beach to read it, " Malcolm replied with sorrow. It showed in his stormy grey eyes. "Alright. See you later" I said, walking toward the beach rather disappointed. I opened up the envelope when I reached the beach and began reading the letter: Dear Percy, Where in Hades did you go? Chiron said that he did not know, but I am willing to swear on the River of Styx that he knew. Why are you hiding things from me? Does that mean you don't trust me? This cannot go on. War is over, why are you still doing quests and training. Whenever I wanted to talk to you, you simply ignore me and continue on stabbing the training dummies. Then, you will disappear for months, telling me that you were on a quest. Do you think I can believe you? You are spending less time in our relationship and how is it fair for me to love you more? As a result, Seaweed Brain, I no longer want to commit in this relationship. I no longer love you the way when we first started dating anymore. I am tired of you and, it is either you apologize to me, or try to find another girl that will put up with your absence. Regards, Annabeth. Tears were flowing down my cheeks as I read the letter over and over again. I couldn't fathom the ruthless truth that I had just read. It felt like something had stabbed me from behind, into my heart, over and over again. The pain that I felt was far greater than was bathing in the River Styx. I felt broken, shattered as I crumbled to my knees. The dam that held back my feelings burst and then came the flood that was despair. "No..." I whispered to myself, still refused to believe that my Annabeth had left me, forever. "HOW? HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME!" I yelled with rage as the sky darkened immediately, and the sea became restless. As Percy raged, a deadly green aura was engulfing him, whipping everything that came near. It was as if a fire had burst forth from his soul and was trying to reach the heavens. Water was being kicked up haphazardly by the sheer overwhelming force of his power. Numbers of water tornadoes formed near the coast of the Long Island. They did not form gradually or naturally. An enormous hurricane sprang to life as Percy's rage continued to go on. The ground shook intensely and water vaporized on sight. There was an explosion, blowing up anything within 100 yards. The waves around me started to churn rapidly. Pushing inland, the sea flooded everything. Several square miles of swirling tides crashed into, and obliterated everything in its path. Nothing was spared. Following this destruction, was something that came from Gaia's nightmares: a tempest. Despite being a Son of Poseidon, it was as if he also had control of the very winds. Trees were ripped off their roots. Pebbles, stones, and even boulders were lifted from the dirt and sent flying in erratic manners. This destruction covered over an area the size of two football stadiums. Yet, the storm vanished just as quickly as it had built up. Percy's POV: I made myself calm down when I heard footsteps and murmurs coming toward the beach. As soon as I did it, the hurricane disappeared at the very moment I did so. I got up to my knees and surveyed the surroundings, and I was shocked by the view in front of me. It looked like a natural disaster came and messed up the place, literally. Everything around me was flattened, the large boulders and stones had somehow managed to fly across the whole beach. The fertile soil on the beach edge, and the forest beyond that was completely decimated by the salt water from the sea. It was unlikely that plants would be able to regrow in the next ten years, I thought. I quickly ran away from the beach, avoiding some questioning looks from the campers, and stormed into the Poseidon cabin. Pictures of Annabeth and I were hanging in my cabin. One of the picture was taken secretly by my cousin Thalia as Annabeth and I shared our first kiss. The thought of my ex-girlfriend made me explode again. I uncapped my pen, Riptide, and started to slash wildly at the pictures. Before I realized what was going on, I heard screams coming out from each directions by the horrified campers as the sea had responded to my rage and nearly destroyed the camp under my wrath. I quickly gathered myself and gathered all my accessories. Once I was done, Without looking back, I stepped out of my cabin and left the place that shaped me into the warrior that I was now. I was grateful to meet Chiron and all my other friends. Faces of them flashed in my head as I thought about the good old days, where we shared blood and sweat in the battles, but willing to sacrifice for each other. However, the place only brought back painful memory to me, so I left without notice. End of flashback I was wandering in the woods by myself, trying to avoid monsters. Being the only son of Poseidon, I have the strongest scent among all the demigods that are alive. Monsters were attacking me frequently the last few days. I was attacked by a group of Hydra few days ago, which I pulled off a painful fight. One hydra managed to bite me on my thigh and poison me along the way. Luckily, there was a river near me. As soon as I defeated all the monsters, I jumped in the river and felt relief washing over me as the water was curing my wound. ' Heh, one of the perks to be the son of Poseidon' I thought. However, the fact that Annabeth had left had annoyed me a lot. My fatal flaw was personal loyalty. Athena once told me that I will do anything to save the ones I love. When Annabeth left me, pain washed over me, and I felt like there was nothing to fight for anymore. I felt empty, furious, and betrayed by the one I loved. I unleashed my anger again, but before I can make a huge mess,