Author's Note : To begin, I have some announcements to make. Well, it certainly has been awhile since I last updated anything. For those who read my Menace to Olympus: I'm sorry but I will not be updating that anymore, unless I rewrite the whole thing. Why? Because it's just plain garbage. It's so bad that I cringe when I read it myself. For those who read my cross over between Fate and High School DxD: I will update that fic if I have time, but for now, I want to focus on the one i'm currently writing and actually finish it this time. Feel free to leave a review, follow/favorite, or PM if you have any question. I will be happy to answer them. If you have any ideas, you can also leave me a PM or write it in the review. I do have the majority of the story planned out, or at least where I want to take this, but fresh ideas are definitely welcomed. Also special thanks to firehelm for collaborating with me and helping me edit ^_^ Check him out, he is a good writer, but I can't guarantee you that you will be satisfied since he never finishes his story. Anyway, enjoy! Prologue: The End Is Just The Beginning "Annabeth! Watch out!" I screamed desperately at the daughter of Athena who was too busy fighting a basilisk to notice that a hellhound crept up behind her. Swiftly, she rolled to the side and avoided the pouncing hellhound. The basilisk, however, did not stop its attack. Before Annabeth could recover herself, the monster swept its tail underneath her, knocking her to the ground, and sunk its fangs deeply into her calf. A cry of pain let loose from the daughter of Athena as her blood dripped down and was absorbed into Gaia's waiting hand. "The blood of Olympus shall raise our mother!" One of the Giants loudly cried. "Now, we just need one more sacrifice from that son of Poseidon." Ignoring what the giant said, I continued to slaughter my way to Annabeth, who was currently on the ground with Thalia and Clarisse defending her. After slicing through an Empousa, I ran towards them and knelt down next to her to scrutinize her wound. "Annabeth," I said while breathing heavily. "Are you alright?" "No, seaweed brain," she grimaced and hissed through grit teeth. "Can't you tell that I'm poisoned from the color of my calf?" I looked down and mentally kicked myself for not noticing such an obvious thing before yelling into the sky, "Apollo! Get over here!" In an instant, the god of medicine flashed next to us and looked at Annabeth for a brief moment. "This should do it," he said while sending a pulse of golden light to her calf, closing the wound slowly. I gave him a nod of thanks and turned back to see Annabeth in a much better state and was trying to stand back up. "Careful there wise girl," I knitted my brows at her. "I don't want you to get hurt or die." In response, Annabeth rolled her eyes at me, "You shouldn't be the one talking, considering you're the one running into harm at any chance you get." Before I could defend myself by saying that I never asked for any of this and that the Fates always had their own ways of making my life as difficult as possible, Thalia looked back at us after impaling a dracaena with her electric spear, "Guys, less talk and more monster killing alright?" I stuck out my tongue playfully at the daughter of the Zeus. "Alright pinecone face," I began cheekily. "Let's have a competition then." Without taking an eye off of the dracaena that she was fighting, she asked in a challenging tone, "Oh? What competition? Well, either way, I'm going to whoop your ass anyway, so bring it on." Even though I was unable to see her face, I swear she was smirking at this very moment. Picking up Riptide and assisting Thalia in finishing off the dracaena, I told her my idea. "It's a simple one," I began as I twirled around to avoid another pouncing hellhound before kicking it out of the way. "Whoever kills the most monsters will be the winner. Of course, the loser will have to take on an undeniable request from the winner." I added cheekily in the end. "You're on, Jackson," Thalia accepted with an evil grin on her face. I shuddered at the thought of her asking me to do something extremely embarrassing in front of the campers and the hunters. I was determined to win this time, since it didn't really end well last time. If I remembered correctly, it ended up with me having to wear a t-shirt that said "I LOVE GREEN DAY" while singing and dancing to their songs during campfire. I pushed the distasteful memory out of my mind. "By the way," I began with an evil grin of my own. "The dracaena that I just killed will count as one for me." Sure, she had the kill, but in order to win this little competition of ours for sure, I would need every advantage. "Hey!" Thalia protested while blocking a strike from the monster. "If you want to play dirty like that, then so be it." The daughter of Zeus raised her hand into the air and summoned a huge bolt of lightning down from the sky while giving me a smirk. The instant the bolt made contact with the earth, several dozens of monsters around her disintegrated immediately. "Well, two can play that game," I muttered under my breath and began drawing power within myself. A familiar tug was felt as a miniature hurricane sprang to life. Within seconds, all the monsters within five meters were either swept off the ground by the wind or destroyed by the storm. Thalia narrowed her eyes and without another word, she resumed the slaughter. She would impale a monster with her spear, drop to a roll while unsheathing her hunting knives to either throw it to the next target or slash away at amazing speed. While she had the swift movements of a hunter to surprise the monsters, I on the other hand relied on raw strength. Riptide became arcs of destruction as I hacked away wildly, leaving a trail of golden dust behind me. Though our fighting styles were vastly different, we were still able to achieve the same result. After carving a path in the monster's rank, I ended up right next to an exhausted looking son of Hephaestus. "How you holding up Leo?" I asked while parrying an attack from an empousa with Leo finished it off with a fireball. "Man, just how many more of them?" he whined. "Why can't the earth lady just stay asleep?" I chuckled a bit. At least he was still able to make jokes. "I don't know man," I replied. "Anyways, have you seen Jason?" "Yeah, he should be over there with beauty queen," he pointed to the left, in which I nodded and began working my way over there. Despite the fact that all my friends were capable of holding their own grounds, I wanted to ensure that nothing tragic occurred in the midst of battle. Already, few demigods I knew from the camps had fallen during battle, which made me want to ensure the safety of my friends even more so. The image of Annabeth getting hurt from the basilisk flashed briefly in my mind. Injuries were inevitable, but death was avoidable. At the very minimum, I would do all that I could to prevent any loss of life. As I cautiously made my way over to Jason and Piper, I carefully scanned the battlefield. Zeus and Hera were riding in a chariot, blasting off pure energy into groups of monsters. Artemis and Apollo were fighting next to few hunters, supporting the Olympian army by firing silver and golden arrows from afar. Hades and Nico were doing their underworld thing, summoning the undead to aid us in any possible way. Though the undead's' movements were not as proficient as any demigods, having an extra body on the field was still able to serve as an useful distraction for us. Occasionally, the ground would open up and swallow some monsters before closing back again. Everything was at a disadvantage, yet we were still able to defend ourselves from their relentless assaults. "Jason," I yelled which he glanced to see who was calling him. When he realized it was me, he gave out a big smile. "How are you holding up?" Summoning a lightning bolt from the sky and knocking away a hellhound with the shaft of his spear. "I'm alright. Sent few hundreds of them back to Tartarus," he pointed at the pile of golden dust around his feet. "How about you?" Before I could answer, a large horn sounded from a distance, signaling the retreat of the monsters. I let out a sigh of relief. A break would be nice right now. How wrong was I. As soon as all the monsters retreated, the true enemies of this battle stalked out. All the gods flashed next to their demigod children at the sight of the giants that were born to oppose each of them. The prophecy seven had their respective parents standing right next to them, preparing to take down those children of Gaia. "I see that you godlings have managed to survive against my forces," the king of giants mused out loudly as he raised his hand, signaling the others to halt. "I am quite impressed, seeing that you are outnumbered by ten folds. So, I've decided," he made a pause and eyed us cheekily. "If you surrender now and hand over all the goddesses on your side, along with Perseus Jackson, then we will show mercy by allowing you to live. Afterall, his sacrifice is very important for the awakening of our mother." "You dare?" Zeus bellowed in anger, enraged at the incredulous proposal. "The result is going to be the same as last time with you dead in Tartarus and us victorious." Instead of feeling insulted, Porphyrion began to laugh. "You really think we didn't learn our lessons from last time? You really think Gaia doesn't have a plan at all?" As if right on cue, numerous earthborns appeared from the ground, circling in the twelve gods and demigods with the exception of Frank and Ares since Damasen was still banished in Tartarus for being a peaceful giant. The rest of the demigods could only watch in horror, but their horror was quickly replaced by panic when the monsters slowly advanced towards them. They were heavily outnumbered like Porphyrion had said and after realizing that help from the prophecy seven was impossible, they began to lose their morale. "Like I said, there is no hope for you godlings this time. Surrender and follow through our conditions for a merciful ending." The situation was definitely not favorable for us, but then again, since when was it favorable. A year ago, we had to fight against the Titans with little to no help from the gods to salvage the western civilization. Each and every battle that I fought was for the sake of protecting and saving what I cared the most - my friends and families. And each and every time, sacrifices were made to accomplish such goal and to maintain the current peace. True, not everyone could be saved but my friends had been dying because of me, and the pain and guilt were starting to overwhelm me. Bekendorf, Selena, Zoe, Bianca, and many others would've lived if not for me. I looked to my side and caught Annabeth looking at me as well. I wouldn't be able to bear the pain if anyone else died because I wanted to be a hero and fight till the very end. If my