Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, quotes, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners and are simply used under 'fair use'. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. This story is written for the legally recognized adult population. According to the e-mail response I received from them, FF doesn't allow gratuitous descriptions of sex and extensive graphic violence. Authors Note: Hey, guys I'm around. I have no time at all to work on anything but my job. We're on the road and we're covered in targets that need to be met and reports we've got to present so logging on from the hotel is a damn near impossible task when I'm dead tired. I apologize for the wait nevertheless. I want to thank each and every one of you for your support, it meant a lot to me and quite honestly, since things on the job got heavier, you guys are the sole reason I'm continuing. Love to you all. Hopefully, this is good news for the enormous amount of you who requested me to continue on FF because you can't access any other sites. Don't worry, I'm keeping my word, here I am *kisses*. A reader named Steffie is to thank for it, she gave me an idea to continue posting here. The story will remain as is; however, chapters with MA content will be posted censored here on FF. For those chapters, I will prompt you and provide a link for whoever wants to read the full MA chapter on my journal site. It's a simple alternative and I hope it works for you because it keeps the story safe therein ensuring its continuation. On to the normal song and dance: Please consider yourselves warned, there is angst, cussing, crime and manipulations of reality to suit the direction in which I need the plot to go. I've taken of Psychology classes at university and the vast majority of my friends are majors in the field so I've chosen to use subject matter we have knowledge on in this story. I reiterate there will sensitive issues here (angst), by no means continue reading this if this is not your cup of tea. Possessiveward/Gangward, destructive-Bella. AH/AU and the ages of the characters have been thought through, it has a purpose behind it but it will only be understandable as the story progresses. I reiterate from this point on if you opt to proceed you do so of your own accord. NC-17 version of story will be available on The Writers Coffee Shop. My penname is KittyTylz. Thank you for all the e-mails, reviews and messages to show your love and support. I've said it before, it completely blew me away, I didn't expect that there was such a large following/backing for this story. You guys are forever in my hearts and I promise that I will continue as long as I know you're reading, the wait is simply because of my demanding job right now. Please send love to my hardworking beta, the fabulous JustJJ who is damn near heaven sent, awesomella the angel who corrects my crappy Italian, the amazing Elana86 who kept trying to help me find places to continue and sweet Steffie who gave me a solution so you can have easy access to D&D here where it all began. Here we go... Love always, Kat Dine and Dash *~*~* Chapter One – Dine and Dash *~*~* 'The shadows of our own desires stand between us and our better angels, and thus their brightness is eclipsed.' (Charles Dickens) "Move it along Bells, we don't have all day," Sam laughed while I mumbled curses under my breath. They always did this, I swear. It was like they constantly had to worry about me breaking so I was never allowed to go out on their "errand" runs. I mean, I already know they're in a gang. I've practically been around the Grey Wolves all my life. We go to parties, the beach, family shindigs and just hang out together all the time. But when they have "business" to take care of, I'm shipped back home like a house mouse and the males get to go out on a testosterone hype. I've seen them get into fights before. I mean, how bad could these "errands" be? Okay, the fights are probably really bad… but it's life, I can handle it, I'm sure. I don't have to be handed over for safe keeping every time they bust a lip or bruise an eye… I'm being a naïve little bitch, I know, but I still wish that I could go tonight. There's some problem with the Shadow Fangs so they have to take off. Shadow Fang is a gang as big as Sam's. They're lead by a total hothead named Edward Cullen. According to Jake, I've seen Edward a long time ago, when I was like 11? I can't really remember though considering how hard a time I was having back then. But anyways, I've heard from other sources that Edward's unbelievably easy on the eyes, but he's totally lethal. He bust open this one guy's head on the pavement just for bumping into him and he'd been arrested twice... in the same month , but they can never keep him in. And there's this one guy in his gang, Emmett, he's a freaking mountain of sheer muscle and his cousin or something, Jasper? He's been to Juvie. And apparently, this other guy, James, was wanted for murder at some point and that's just to name four out of all the members! I've only ever caught glimpses of them once or twice when I was with Jake, Sam and Embry in Seattle, but the Wolves huddled me away before I could get a good look at anyone besides muscle man Emmett and a flicker of someone's gorgeous bronze mess of hair. Anyway, Shadow Fangs are totally notorious around the North and inland areas, where the Wolves are going tonight. It's their territory not Sam's. Sam's territory is the west coastline and La Push. So, in all honesty, I know that Jake and the rest leave me at home because they do a bit more than bust lips and bruise eyes. I fully realize they're trying to protect me from all the hardcore stuff they do, but I'm worried and you can't blame me, they're my friends and Jacob… Jake's my brother. "Chin up, soldier, we'll be back in no time," Jacob's cold hand shot out to steady me as I stumbled down the back of Sam's Jeep Hurricane. Jesus, it's the coldest winter yet. "Yeah, just come back with all ten fingers and toes attached," I warned them. "Sure thing, Bells, but no guarantees on their side," Seth grinned toothily. "He's 17 and he gets to go! It's totally ridiculous. If I can't come, then he shouldn't get to go either," I protested. The truth of the matter is, Seth's pretty much as dangerous as the others, but he's also the most playful, which means he's a cocky little twit who is most likely going to get hammered if he doesn't keep himself under control out there. So on the off chance that they relent, I could be saving him from some severe blood loss. Sam raised his brows incredulously, "He's a year older than you, Bell." I'm about to point out that I'm turning 17 soon, when I'm cut off. " And I'm actually part of the pack," Seth chipped in like the twit he is. I swear the juvenile 5-year-old in him will never grow up. Fine, go get your head bust open, see if I care. Argh, I care! Shaking my head, I finally relent and step away from them with a deep sigh. "Just be careful!" I call over my shoulder, screaming so that they can hear me over their insane, adrenaline induced yells as the taillights burn bright and they wave out the window in vague acknowledgment that I said anything at all. "Boys," I mutter and shake my head in disappointment, walking towards shelter. I grab the icy handle and enter the much welcomed warmth of the cozy cottage styled house. "Hey guys, I'm home." "In the kitchen," Sarah calls, out of breath. Shrugging off my coat, I allow my nose to lead me towards the delicious smell coming from the kitchen. "Hey Sari, what's up?" I ask, grabbing an apron. "Roast lamb," she says, and holds up a dish to me, allowing the smell to engulf me, before placing it back in the oven, with a huge, crinkly smile that's a carbon copy of Jake's. Turning back to me, she raises a brow as she eyes me and dries her hands in a dish towel. "Boy's leave you again?" She asks knowingly. "One day, I will injure them." I grab a wooden spoon and try to jab a pineapple slice for emphasis, but the slippery thing just slides away to the other side of the counter, not doing much to prove my point at all. "I'm just, you know… working my way up to it." My face twists of its own accord at the end, as the pineapple slice mocks me from its side of the counter. Sarah chuckles as I eye the wooden spoon and pineapple slice with a frown. Taking the spoon out my hand, she replaces it with a knife. "It's all about the weapon," she says, in a really bad Godfather impersonation. Raising my brow, I laugh along at her silliness. "Now practice on those fruit for me." She nudged her head in the direction of a fruit salad she's already started. Sarah doesn't know much about the activities of the guys that Jake and I hang out with. For all she knows, Jake's simply going through a teenager phase with his friends, but she really has no clue that her son belongs to an actual gang. We both worked in silence while I mused on the delicate yet intricate facets of my relationships. Sarah's not related to me, heck none of them are. Her husband, Billy, and my dad grew up together. He's my dad's best friend. It would've probably remained that way if my mom hadn't skipped town 13 years ago. Now this is home. At least, it is during the weekends, holidays and any other time I want to drop by. My dad really didn't know how to take care of a 3-year-old, and with his heavy work schedule I could see where he was coming from. He wasn't always Forks Chief of Police, but he worked hard for the position so that we'd be okay. While he was out slaving, it was Billy and Sarah who stepped in. Sarah's awesome, she makes me miss Renee less… Anyway, now Sarah, Billy and Jake are extended family. I love them as much as they do me. They're my way of life. In fact, the Grey Wolves are the only friends I have outside of school and I prefer it that way… because well, it's always been that way. I have some friends at school, mainly Angela, Mike, Eric, and Jessica, but we only ever see each other when I'm at school . I school up North, mostly because Forks High is near both the police station and my dad, Charlie's, house. It's not much of a comfort to Jake and the guys that I go to school in Forks, since it's Shadow Fang territory. But it isn't really a big deal, it's not like Edward Cullen would have any reason to bother me. Jacob and Sam have ensured that I'm greatly unknown in their dealings. Besides, me going to school there makes it easier to see my dad. He picks me up after school because I live with him during the week,