Death Seemed My Servant Annie is his motivation. Has been, really, since he was nineteen and ushering a determined seventeen-year-old into the Training Center and praying the girl from his district, beautiful as a siren and dangerous as a harpy, would finally be the one to emerge victorious. She remains so, years later, as he delves into the sewers with soldiers, friends, beside him. With him stays the vision of her at their wedding—their wedding !—in that sleek, jade gown of Katniss's, the thought that soon they could return to the sea and just be . Free of Snow, free of the Capitol, free to be Finnick and Annie and no one else. She's not what he sees, at the end. He tries to focus on her, on them, and gets only flashes. All he sees is Katniss at the top of the ladder, so near and yet so far, as the mutts swarm and tear into his flesh. Katniss, shrieking his name over and over, her slate eyes saucers and her skin paling to ash. In that moment, she's no longer the Mockingjay, just a horrorstruck teenager thrust into a role she'd never wanted. He's screaming her name, too, a prayer, a hope, a desperate litany. One of the lizard-mutts brings its teeth down on his neck, and he has enough time to watch as the girl on fire gives up, collapses against the slimy railing, boneless but for her hand which drops the Holo, speechless but for one repeated word. He wonders if he should be grateful that she cares enough to end his suffering, or if he should be betrayed that she hadn't tried harder to save him. There's a jerk on his neck, then heat and orange-yellow-red, and he doesn't get the chance to wonder much of anything else. The pain hits him first, waves upon waves of agony indistinguishable from each other, stretching from gashes in his legs to weals and burns on his torso to the worst of it—searing stripes that weave a grotesque pattern across his chest, his clavicle, his trachea, his face. Somewhere in the haze of all of it, he discovers a deranged desire to laugh: without even needing to see himself, he knows his visage is destroyed. The features the Capitol had adored, that sponsors had wetted themselves over, they're ruined. Their perfect, glistening, chiseled golden boy, reduced to scarred trash. (Finnick Odair has always been damaged, only now it's on the outside, too.) He actually does laugh then: belly-deep guffaws that result in coughing up mouthfuls of blood and making his body sing once more in agony. He doesn't care, though, because even the Capitol wouldn't be able to fix him now, and Annie's always said he's too pretty anyway. He passes out again after that with a smile playing about his cut lips. The pain remains unbearable the next time he wakes, but he catches movement in his peripheral, and manages to loll his head to the right, more of a basal instinct than actual intent. His vision is too cloudy to make out the shape entirely; at least, until it moves closer and Finnick sees what it is. Its teeth glint yellow in the flickering fluorescents and its skin stretches sinuously gray-white over its bones; the eyes, deep blue and humanoid, and the smell, Snow's roses, only serve to add to his revulsion. That selfsame basal instinct has him entangling himself in the bedsheets and darting out a hand in vain search for a trident or a knife or a rock or something , but it doesn't help any. He's without defense, without even the remotest of physical faculties to fend off the Everdeens' stupid cat, let alone a mutt. It doesn't attack him, though, just slithers up to his bedside, fiddles with something over Finnick's head that he can't see, maybe speaks (but that doesn't make sense, these mutts don't talk, nothing except rasps and Katnisss ), and then a rush of something floods his bloodstream and yet again, darkness invades. Time has no relevance to Finnick, now, and even if it did, he has no way of determining what month it is, what year, let alone how long he's been…wherever he is. Sporadically, he's woven in and out of consciousness, just enough to glean that he's still in the same room, cave-like and cramped, his body throbbing and stretched to bursting. In his bouts of clarity, he's also deduced that, somehow, he's alive. Somehow, by no virtue of his own, he'd survived not only the mutts but the explosion. Yet, no matter how often he wracks his brain to riddle it out, all he gets for his efforts is a migraine. Like a scratched musical disc, he skips from seeing Katniss drop her Holo towards him, and the heat caressing his face, and then nothing. It's maddening. But even that is no contest to the ache that pierces his heart deep as one of Katniss's arrows. The desire to lay his eyes upon Annie is more overwhelming than the pain. And as sure as he is that he loves her, he knows she has no clue he's down here, in great discomfort but alive. He's beyond hoping that someone will come to save him, and instead merely prays that she hasn't retreated back into that arena, so far into herself that no one can bring her back. She's strong, his wife, stronger than him most days, but there's no telling where her head might be now. He utters her name into the stifling, dark silence, just her name, trying to pretend she's here with him, next to him on what passes for a bed, their hands intertwined and their gazes fixated dually on each other and the matching rings on their fingers. Not for the first time, a tear slides from his eye at the probability that he won't ever see her again, won't ever be able to apologize for putting himself in this position, to tell her he loves her just once more. Shadows play on the walls as one of the lights flickers, and in them he pictures his keeper. Not keeper. Mutt. Something Finnick still has no answer for. He knows the mutt is the same kind of hellspawn creature as those who'd attacked his Star Squad in the sewers, and yet even when his mind is most rational, he can't figure it out. The mutt hasn't finished him off, hasn't done or said anything , just observes him every so often. More than that, over time, the pain in Finnick's body has slowly receded, the gouging claw and teeth marks puckering into scars but neither festering nor reopening. As if the mutt is taking care of him. If this is some kind of test, Finnick thinks he probably isn't passing. He tries to escape, once. All he gets for his efforts is torn stitches and a near blackout, not even reaching the other end of the room before he falls to the floor. The mutt barges in and forces him back onto the bed, handcuffing his wrists to the frame. He doesn't attempt it after that. Things change some time later, when instead of adding more drugs to his IV, the mutt undoes his cuffs and leaves him stew. Actual stew. Finnick stares at the bowl for so long it gets cold, until an unfamiliar rumble in his stomach informs him that he's hungry. Surmising that if the mutt hasn't killed him by this point, poison is unlikely, he scarfs down the food. Belatedly, he dares to ponder the bizarre possibility that the intention was to elicit memories of District 4, given the tang of shellfish, game, and thin strips of seaweed. It pales in comparison to Mags's creations, but it's not bad. Whether from the stew itself or if it was laced with something, his body warms and he gets the urge to stretch his limbs in the minutes that follow. He's no longer held together by sutures and bandages, but his muscles and joints are still remarkably tender. Twisting experimentally in the light cotton shirt and pants in which he'd been redressed, he slowly eases off the bed and walks around the small room to take stock of the meager surroundings. He was right about the lights—subpar fluorescents peppered with the carcasses of ill-fated flies and moths, powered by bulbs that are on their way out. He was wrong about the room, though, which is less natural cave than masonry. Uniform in shape and size, the stones curve on both sides and on what passes for a ceiling, vaguely damp but not dripping. The floor has been renovated, with slats of wood running wall-to-wall and providing level, dry ground. Sometime between examining the lamps and the stone, Finnick realizes what this is. "Homey" touches notwithstanding, it's obvious: he's in the sewers. He thinks the lack of smell perhaps threw him off. It's dank in here, musty, but there's none of the putrid fumes that had permeated the subterranean passage in which Finnick and the others had traipsed. His breath quickens as he comes to the conclusion that he hasn't been taken to some Capitol basement or locked up in a prison cell—no, he's within shouting distance of where he'd been nearly beheaded. Where the others had left him to die. It's harder than he'd thought, this realization. He bites his cheek as the mostly-healed gashes on his neck throb uncomfortably, and puts a hand up to cover them. By now, he's used to the uneven, raised skin that criss-crosses over his body, but every now and then it unnerves him. Ten years of stylists bending over backwards to make sure he's absolutely flawless, apparently, have left more of a mark than he would have liked. Jostling his head to clear it, Finnick gets his thoughts in order and reaches for what passes for the door, a rough-hewn, wide plank of wood wedged just-so. He glances back at his bed and pauses, taking in for the first time exactly where he'd been prone for the last…who knows how long. The bed is simple at best, just a thin mattress on a weak frame. Above it, however, are asynchronously sophisticated monitors and a cabinet filled with medical supplies. Burn cream, morphling, antibiotics, drugs he can't even pronounce. Needless to say, in the middle of this drab, roughshod room, it sticks out. And yet, somehow, these had all saved his life. Someone had saved his life. Plainly, they either didn't know how or didn't bother to remake him entirely, but they'd taken a body marked for death and brought it up to function, sewed together torn skin, replaced lost blood, reduced explosion burns to almost unnoticeable puckers. Finnick makes a fist, enraged at the whole situation. Whoever it was, he will always be living on borrowed time, thanks to them. Indebted. And in his experience, debts are not pleasant things. At least…not pleasant for him . (He thinks of Annie, naked and writhing, doing things to him until he's so blissed out he can't remember his own name; he doesn't think of shame and smeared makeup and artificial hair and dirty secrets.) The distraction works, calming his nerves, and he looks away from the cabinet. Grabbing a penlight from the medical supplies, he shoves open the door and steps out into the tunnel. It looks much the same as his room, save the wood floor and any light whatsoever. Offhandedly, he debates whether he should go down here without some sort of weapon, wonders if in those medical supplies would be a scalpel or whether such an object would be pointedly left out. Probably the latter. Finnick walks slowly, his atrophied limbs doing their best to adjust to sudden use, down and down the sewer for so long he's suddenly unsure if it will ever end, if this is some kind of nightmare. But finally it does, breaking into a bifurcation, and