Title: Comparing Notes Author: Rachel Stonebreaker Email: Rating: G Characters: The Nine Walkers Publish Date: April 2005 Summary: In the first days after the Fellowship has left Rivendell Gimli reflects on what it's like to be in the company of hobbits and how the stories he's heard about them from his father and cousins has colored his perspective. Disclaimer: JRRT created these wonderful creatures. His estate owns all rights. I just take them out to the pub for a drink now and again. I do NOT make any money, fame or other gain from them. Don't sue. It's bad for your karma. Authors Notes: This is in answer to Marigold's Challenge 15. The theme for Challenge 15, for April, is to write a hobbity story that includes at least one non-hobbit member of the Fellowship. The story can take place in any time period, and in any location, and you can choose to include whichever Fellowship character or characters you wish. I just had to add a degree of difficulty (she says sarcastically) by using someone else's plot. This plot came from Shirebound's Plot Bunnies wwwxlivejournalxcom - users - shirebound - 109081xhtml (replace x with . and - with /) which is a good place to capture feral bunnies needed to be fed and taken care of. Mind yourself though, they are NOT tame. Gimli reflects on the differences between the hobbit who travelled with his father and the hobbits who are in their company (or something like that, I really should go find the exact challenge). I had help on this. My beta wishes to remain anonymous. Still, I will say, "Thank you for being nit-picky. It improved the story!" Comparing Notes The sun was just beginning to rise on the second day out from the Elven home of Rivendell. It had been an arduous start for the admittedly odd company of Nine Walkers. They'd not made much ground, though on this second 'day' they'd made much more than the previous. It was hard walking for the hobbits and the dwarf. They, more than the wizard, men, and elf, had a rough go of it. Their legs were shorter for one thing and despite the fact that both races were doughty, the others in the company were seasoned travellers and quite used to covering 300 furlongs (or more) at a time. Even for the sturdy dwarf this was a lot of territory. For the hobbits, in particular the recently recovered ill and the very young, it was rapidly becoming beyond their abilities. At least for tonight, it was over. Gimli looked around and was satisfied. Camp had been set up and watches were decided though it was not really necessary this close to the Elven homeland. The little fat hobbit, Samwise, was making food for everyone as he had the night before. Gandalf and all the hobbits seemed to think this arrangement was the best. Who was Gimli to contradict? He certainly was no cook. But Samwise could and appeared to enjoy it even if it was over a very, very small and well-behaved fire. Gimli smiled. It was good to travel with wary folks but it was arguable as to whether or no it was better to have a hot food. He set out his bedroll and after checking it a second time, making sure his weapons were within easy reach, he looked about for a place to sit where he could watch the sun rise for its journey into day. Boromir watched as Gimli sat down on a nearby flat rock. The dwarf pulled something out from inside his tunic and took a drink. Noticing the man watching him, Gimli wordlessly offered up the flask. Out of politeness Boromir thought twice about accepting the obvious tot. Was it proper to accept or proper to decline? Gimli, having noticed the hesitation, couldn't help but challenge this new, and in his opinion, overbearing Man, "Go on, it's not poison. Neither is it too strong." Boromir was taken aback by the brusqueness of the dwarf. He was used to the gruffness of soldiers but this dwarf put a whole new meaning on the word "blunt". It had been a very trying trek and tempers were short, particularly among those not used to travel in a company moving at fast pace. The first weeks in a new company were always difficult. There were so many personalities to work with. This company certainly was not like any Boromir had ever joined. Wizard, elf, dwarf, hobbits and the Ranger certainly made for strange companions. Where were the people he stood a chance at understanding? He decided this was a time to use some of the diplomatic training his father was so fond of imposing. A compliment was in order coupled with a delicate and graceful decline of the offer. "It's not the strength I worry about. I must admit, I do not wish to offend when the gesture is obviously meant in friendship. I am confident it is a most tasty brew. Yet, I've no knowledge of dwarvish ways and wonder are you merely being polite and therefore I should decline or would you be offended if I refused?" Gimli didn't even mull over the comment but agreed immediately and gruffly that he was merely being polite. He set the flask in open sight and turned to inspect his boots. "Tis no skin off my nose one way or the other but the offer still stands." Boromir decided that the offer was genuine and if he was going to have to remain a companion of someone so taciturn as this dwarf he'd better make a serious effort to get to know him. Reaching over, he took the rather large flask, uncorked it, and took a stout drink. It was fire! FIRE! Coughing and choking wasn't something he did gracefully and he was at a serious loss for gracefulness right at the moment. But, never the less, Boromir carried on. Lucky for him, he'd corked the flask before he actually swallowed thereby alleviating the worry of spilling whatever vile brew was in that flask so boldly proffered. Catching his breath as discreetly as he could he smiled and agreed, "It's really not that strong." Though he was noticeably flushed. Feeling pleased at the response to his brandy, Gimli settled more firmly on the rock and set about to retrieve his pipe and weed pouch from its hidden recesses in his tunic. Again he offered to the Man but this time, knowing discretion was indeed the most valid point of being wise, Boromir refused. Smoking was something he was more than familiar with from just the brief few days in Rivendell spent with the dwarf, wizard, hobbits, and ranger. No one in Gondor smoked pipeweed. In fact, of the other companions, only the Elf shared his dislike for the weed. But this did not seem to stop at least one if not two or three of the Company from smoking at every halt or pause. But this time, he did not get up and leave as he had every other time. He would tough it out; a little smoke wouldn't kill him. Boromir was feeling more than a bit warm from the dwarvish brew and as such was feeling magnanimous. Gimli smiled again and changed his opinion about this Man just ever so slightly. To himself he noted "Hmmmm…. not nearly as bad as I'd thought. He might be tolerable after a fashion." They fell into an easy, idle chatter about their weapons, carefully finding their way around the difficult task of getting to know one's traveling companions. This was no mean feat given they were thrown together with little preparation. Neither man nor dwarf had been in the extended company of any race outside their own. Being pushed into a serious mission including 5 different races (or six if you considered Rangers to be distinction enough from men of Gondor, upon which Gondorians and Rangers certainly argued was distinct enough) could be considered more than a difficult job. Of course sharing the flask again didn't hurt the conversation any and both Gimli and Boromir realized this and participated appropriately. The conversation had lulled comfortably as is the wont when two companions find themselves in agreement. They'd been discussing the merits of throwing arms versus thrusting weapons and were in complete agreement as to the where, when and what of the topic. It was pleasant talking with someone who was knowledgeable enough to argue a point and wise enough to acknowledge that there can be differences of opinions. Happily sitting in contemplation of their favorite methods of dispatching an enemy they were both surprised when their solitude was abruptly broken by the loud intrusion of a pair of angry voices. The squabble seemed to break out from, amazingly, the exact same location as it had yesterday just about this time. The cook fire. Both Gimli and Boromir found themselves staring over at the interruption despite their combined years of studied nonchalance when living in a tight community where tempers easily flared. Something of this magnitude was just too hard to ignore. Obviously there were at least two hobbits at odds. It looked to be the fattest and the youngest. Again. If Gimli had them straight, they were Samwise, the Ring-bearer's servant and Peregrin, the Ring-bearer's youngest cousin. At least Gimli thought he had them straight. He'd prided himself in his attempt to learn their names. Keeping them straight though had been another problem all unto itself. They were all just about the same height, shorter than him. They were all just about the same weight, plump but not as stout as he. Though with this observation, he smiled, over the last two days, he had begun to be able to tell them apart. It was easy with the Ring-bearer; he was obviously the oldest, tallest, fairest, thinnest and most unpresuming. His servant was equally unpresuming but seriously fatter, shorter and browner. If one just compared the two it was easy to tell them apart. As to telling the other two apart, well, telling them apart took some thinking. In fact, when all four were together and arguing, it was hard to tell any of them apart. Hobbits all looked the same to him; especially the two cousins who weren't exceedingly short or tall or overly fat or thin, as far as hobbits went. Just when Gimli thought he'd figured out who was Pippin and who was Merry (he'd never understand why anyone should have to have more than one name, it only added to the complexity) he was surprised to find that he had them mixed up. Again. No, wait. He had them right. He thought. Yes, indeed, it was a repeat of yesterday's event. He realized the latest fireside outburst was most definitely between Peregrin and Samwise when he heard the younger cousin's loud, "Give over Sam! I'm near done in!" followed by Samwise's angry shout, "Not a chance, now, OUT! Mr. Merry! Come get yer cousin or I'll be cookin' him next!" followed up with a light tap across the bridge of the nose with a spoon. The youngling obviously was leaning far, far too close to the skillet for the cook's tastes. "I said, OUT! And I mean it. It ain't done yet, and you know it so you can just sit back with the rest of th' others and wait your turn." Pippin had no intention of sitting back fast enough to suit Sam and instead attempted another raid on the nearly cooked meat. For his efforts he received a serious crack across his knuckles with the cooking spoon, eliciting a startled and loud yelp. Even for Gimli, who was used to the sharpness of dwarf cooks around their environ, this seemed a bit extreme. But then again, they were hobbits. He didn't even pretend to understand them. Sam was beside himself. No one in HIS family had ever behaved so