A/N: This idea has been rolling around in my head for some time and I finally got around to putting it down! This chapter is just the prologue so I'll be getting more into the story in the next one. Enjoy! =] I do not own The Hunger Games, only original plots. I sit at my window, staring out at the dawn breaking over Victor's Village. I sigh heavily knowing today could very well be my last day in District 12. I lean my head against the cool windowpane and close my eyes against the brightening sun. I'm longing more than ever for my old life. I would be in the woods already if it weren't for the Games. If I didn't have to act like I've never done anything wrong. I get up and walk around my room, it seems like I've been doing nothing but pacing the past few days. Saying goodbye seems more final this time. I pass my open closet and stare at my dad's hunting jacket. I reach out and run the material between my fingers and lament my lost time in the woods. My lost time with my best friend. My decision to go is an impulse, and I'm not even sure he'll be there but I need to get out of this house. I have my hunting clothes on and I'm out the door before my mother and Prim even stir. I quickly make my way to the hole in the fence nearest the Victor's Village, I don't want to be seen going through town this morning. When I cross over into the woods I take what feels like my first full breath since they announced the Quell. I quickly make my way toward Gale's and my meeting spot. When I see his dark figure staring out over the valley I'm flooded with relief. He turns and sees me, a smile playing on his lips but not quite reaching his eyes. He stands and opens his arms and I don't hesitate before rushing to him. I wrap my arms around him and I'm so glad when he circles his around me too. I look up at him and smile, he returns it and it actually seems genuine this time. We spend most of the morning hunting and once we've filled both of Gale's packs we take a rest. It feels like the day a year ago that we spent sitting in this rock nook. So much has changed… He offers me a few berries and I take them without hesitation. I sigh as I roll one between my fingers. "Take care of them if I don't come back, Gale…" My voice is more pained than I expected. We've discussed this before, but it's an all too close inevitability now. "You know I will, Catnip." I know he's watching me but I don't turn to face him. I feel him tense a little when he says, "You don't plan on coming back, do you?" I close my eyes and shake my head. "Not this time." "Because of him?" I turn to look at him and he seems to regret speaking up. He raises a hand. "I don't want to fight, not today. But I want you to be sure it's what you need to do. You'll be leaving a lot of people behind that love you." I bite my lip and take a moment to think before responding, "I know, Gale… He saved my life. I can't just let him die." Gale's face falls a little and I know he's trying to hold back his comments. His words are measured when he speaks again. "But you know he's not going to let you do that. There's a chance you'll come home." I give him a sad smile and shake my head. "This isn't like last time. These people won the games for a reason." "But you won the games too, Katniss. Don't go in with no hope of ever coming back!" I didn't want to come out here and upset him. I wanted to see my best friend the last day I'm in my District. "Gale…" I put my hand on his arm. "Let's head back, ok?" He nods and helps me up. We're quiet as we walk back to the fence and the trip seems to go by faster than usual. It's because this is the last time you'll be here. The day was well spent, Gale's family will have plenty tonight and I was able to say my last goodbyes to Gale. He walks me to my house in the Village and I give him a brief hug and whisper, "Don't come to the court house tomorrow…" He looks at me, a sad expression on his face but nods after a moment then whispers, "Ok, Catnip." He turns to leave but when he reaches the last step, he looks back at me and says, "But this isn't goodbye." I feel a little lighter as I watch him walk away. Gale has not accepted my impending death by any means, but being able to say my own goodbye makes this easier. My mother and Prim are waiting for me when I enter the house. I spent the better part of the day in the woods and they already have dinner prepared. I smile gently at Prim as she tries to make conversation but I know the whole situation is forced for the both of them. Once the plates are cleared and cleaned, Prim comes over to me and wraps her arms around my waist. She doesn't say anything, just stands there holding on to this last moment or normalcy. I take a deep breath and look down at her. I bend down and wipe the few tears rolling down her cheeks away and kiss her lightly on the forehead. I whisper, "Go to bed, Little Duck…" She nods and gives me another quick hug before heading upstairs to her bedroom. I sigh and walk into the living room. I am ready for tomorrow. I know what will happen and I know that I could be dead by the end of the week. But I can't focus on that right now. I just stand at the big window that looks out at Peeta's house and wonder what he's doing now. Baking… Or painting. I can't help when I smile at the thought and I place my hand against the glass, as if I could reach across the lawn and be able to break through to the boy who I've been missing so much lately. "Your father would be proud of you, Katniss." My mother's voice brings me out of my thoughts of Peeta and I turn to face her. She's smiling sadly at me, "I'm proud of you. I hope you know that." I nod. "I know, mom…" She moves toward me and places her hand against my cheek when she reaches my spot in the room. She shakes her head. "I never thought I would be saying goodbye to you again." I know she wants to say more, but she doesn't let the negative thoughts of the Capitol escape. The look that passes between us says more than enough. She stares at me for a little while then her eyes flicker toward the window I had been staring out. She smiles at me. "Go see him, sweetie." I raise an eyebrow. "What?" She continues to smile when she says, "I know you want to see him, so go. I understand… I've been in this place before, but this could be your last real chance to say goodbye to him without everyone around. Don't waste it." I shake my head. "He doesn't want to see me…" The words come out in a whisper I didn't realize how sad they would sound out of my head. She doesn't say anything, just shakes her head and goes upstairs. I watch her walk away then turn back to the window. The lights in Peeta's house are still on and I'm suddenly wondering if maybe he would want to see me. I've been missing him so much more than I want to admit. Yes, he's been around for training but he's just been working Haymitch and me until we're all exhausted. I take in a breath when I see Peeta pass through his living room and pause at the window. He looks across at my house and smiles sadly. I'm not sure he even saw me. I head toward the stairs and my foot is barely on the bottom one when I turn and leave the house. I'm across the lawn and on Peeta's porch before I realize it. I take in a breath and knock, hoping he'll actually answer. I hear his footfalls come toward the door and smile slightly. Confusion and something else, maybe relief, is in Peeta's eyes when he opens the door. He looks at me for a moment before saying, "Is something wrong?" I shake my head and look down at my feet. I have no idea how I look right now, but I suppose it's pretty drained after spending the day saying goodbyes. I can't make myself look back at him, I don't want to see the Peeta that has been present lately… I don't want to see the Peeta trying to get me ready for this arena. I want to see the Peeta that wraps his arms around me at night to keep the nightmares away - The Peeta that kisses my forehead and smiles when he sees me. Now that he's in front of me, I have no idea what to say. This moment is what I've been thinking of the entire day and I can't even open my mouth. "Do you want to come in? I'll make tea." I force my head up and quietly say, "Thank you." When I step inside, I seem to remember the real reason I wanted to come here so badly. He moves into the kitchen and I follow after a few minutes. I take a breath and say, "Peeta…" He turns to look at me. "Are you sure everything's ok, Katniss?" I shake my head and move quickly toward him. I wrap my arms around his waist, pulling my body close to his. He doesn't hesitate before circling his arms around me, holding on tight. The feeling of his body against mine provides instant comfort. Peeta is always warm and always makes me think of bread baking. I whisper against his chest, "I just needed to see you." He lets out a breath and pulls back so he can see my face. He brushes a few strands of hair behind my ear and lets his fingers trail down my jaw. His eyes are bright, but I know him well enough to see the sadness he's trying so hard to hide. We both know what this night is. I close my eyes, lean forward and press my lips to his. He takes a moment to respond but when he does, he adds an intense need that I've been feeling build up between us for weeks. I grip the back of his shirt and pull myself closer to him. When I run my tongue across his lips, he opens his mouth to allow entrance. The soft moan that escapes him causes a jolt to go through my stomach. Our tongues explore in a gentle dance, something we haven't shared in private. I loosen my hold on his shirt and allow my fingers to softly travel under it and trail slowly across his skin. He breaks the kiss and shakes his head. "Katniss…" There's something of a warning in his voice, as if he's telling me that continuing will take this somewhere I may not want to go. I smile softly and bring my hand up to trace his jawline. He closes his eyes at my touch and I say, "This could be our last night