Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians Authors Note: I would love some reviews from you guys to tell me if its working or not or to get some ideas from you on the story, I'll be writing a lot and making a new chapter every week or so. Look out for my girlfriends fanfic I'll make a link if she posts hers. Thanks! Chapter 1 Of course they would say it's just a normal check up, if they hadn't there would be a lot less volunteers to help out. Nobody in their right mind would go on a mission with satyrs to help pick kids up, it isn't smart to have so many non-mortals in one place and expect to avoid attention. But I was one of the people who fell into the trap. Oh sorry, hi my name's Christian, most people call me Matt, and before you ask no I'm not human. Long story short, I'm a halfblood (half human and half god) but I'm nothing special. Anyways, I think I should start the story over from the beginning, just so I don't leave anyone in the dark. A few years ago I got picked up by crazy goat people, we call them satyrs, and I was taken to a place called Camp Half Blood. It's a safe haven for people like us, at least that's what they say. I think the more accurate term is a camp filled with teenagers that have super powers, and have to be in a relationship to survive. Me? I survive on my own, I don't need help and I don't need anyone. The only people I hang out with is my own cabin and the the Hephaestus cabin. Each god has his/her own cabin and all of their children live in it together. My cabin is the Nemesis cabin, trust me when I say you don't want to get on our bad side. Ok, I think that's enough of an introduction and a backstory, so let's begin. I was in the training facility to get some sword practice in, which is a daily routine, and for the first time I wasn't alone. There was a guy standing in the doorway watching me practice, I didn't know who it was or what they wanted so I ignored them and kept going. I was in there for another half hour and I decided it was good enough for today, and then the person came over. "How come I've never seen you hear before?", he asked. I said "Because I like to be alone", and he shook his head and laughed. "What's so funny?", and he stopped laughing, "You're one of the best I've seen in the camp with a sword", he answered. Why is this guy still here, usually nobody says things like that. "Why were you watching me?", and he answered "Because you were worth watching, it isn't everyday you see someone with no training and is very skilled." I didn't comment on that, and trying to change the subject I asked "What's your name?", he told me "Percy." We continued talking about swords for about 5 minutes, and then a girl with blonde hair and ghost grey eyes walked in. "Hey Annabeth, do you know this guy?" and he pointed at me. "Yea, he's been here longer than me and don't point that's rude" she said. "It's fine, this is the most attention I've gotten since I first came here" I explained, "How long have you been here?" they asked. "Nine years" I replied "How have I never seen you before?" Percy asked me. "Because I like to avoid people, it's better if I stay on my own", and he said "You can hangout with us if you want, it would be awesome to have you around". Why do they want me around? If it goes south, I can stick up for myself or better yet, get revenge. "Only if you want me around", I answered, then they both said "We do". I grabbed my stuff and decided to follow them, they whispered a lot and I overheard the majority of it. They were talking about me, until we were at the dining pavilion and they joined with their friends. I stayed back and found a table where I could eat alone at, but then Percy and Annabeth's friends started calling me over to sit with them. I just ignored it, and then I heard them talking and a girl came over to my table and sat down next to me. She had brown hair and eyes that changed color, and she didn't look like she tried to be pretty at all she just was. "Hi, my name's Piper, would you like to join us at our table?", I answered "I prefer to be on my own". Then she said "Oh come on, don't be shy" she grabbed my hand and pulled me over to their table and had me sit down. Everyone said "Hey" or "What's up" and then Percy said "This is the guy I told you about, he's great with a sword and he's been around longer than anyone I know here". I took a look at everyone at the table, and noticed the style was spread out, but these people were obviously the popular kids. Nico was a shorter and younger person, but had the oldest eyes. He dressed and acted goth, but you could tell it was just an act. Thalia was like a punk girl, she had lightning blue eyes and dark brown almost black hair, she is very rebellious. Then there were the stoll brothers, I already knew them, I used to be in the same cabin as them until they built the ones for the minor gods. They were children of hermes, sand blonde hair, blue eyes, and have a look on their face of pure were a few others but I didn't remember what their names were. Everyone was wearing the standard Camp Half Blood t-shirt and most wore jeans, others wore cargo shorts, along with our camps necklace. Yes before you ask we each have a special necklace with a bead that commemorates every year we've survived, we get them at the end of each summer. They each have a picture on them about what happened during each years main event, like the god and titan war in New York, but that's another story. They went back to their conversation, I was listening in and eating, until a satyr came over and interrupted everyone. He walked straight up to the table and said "There's another one, we need back up", I wanted to ask why and what they needed back up for but I held it in. The satyrs are like recruiters, they go around the country looking for other half bloods to join our camp and to be safe. To hear them say they needed back up must mean that something bad is about to happen, or a person caught the attention of something big. They were talking back and forth, until I asked "When?" The satyr stopped and said "You'll have to come to the meeting tonight to find out, but if you come, you have to go". I went back to thinking while the satyr and Percy were talking, what if that half blood was me? I think I would be a monsters midnight snack if they hadn't rescued me when they did. "I'll go, when and where is the meeting?" He told me to go the Big House at 7:00 and left us, everyone went back to talking but one by one people went back to their lives and activities. It was only 2:00, so I decided to go help the Hephaestus cabin and continue my work until it was seven. I've been working and experimenting, trying to make the perfect sword for me. I had to test weight, length, metal, special features that will make it even better like electric current to fry anything that touches the blade. So far I've come up with a lot of failed attempts, but I'm certain I'll fall upon it one day. I spent those hours conversing with the Hephaestus kids for inspiration and got a little advice on finding the right balance. Then my watch went off, it was six o'clock, so I left and went to my cabin, grabbed some things I would need, took a shower and headed towards the Big House. I got there ten minutes early, so I decided to go through my bag to make sure I didn't miss anything. I got my flashlight, sword, camera, my notebook, and my smaller bag for things I need to grab or find while I'm on the mission. "I think I have everything", I told myself. "That's quite a lot of things, for a standard checkup", said a voice behind me. I turned and realized it was just Chiron, he is like the head counselor at our camp. He's a centaur, half horse and half human and in case you haven't noticed there are a lot of half this and that, hence the name Camp Half Blood. He has a scraggly brown beard, brown hair, and eyes that have seen everything, don't let his looks fool you he's a lot older than you think. "I'm going to be getting more than another camper, Chiron", I answered. "Let me guess, you'll be going to find something to help you with your sword, yes?", how did he know… I never told anyone about my plans for that, it was going to be a secret. "How do you know that?", I asked. "There are many things that happen in this camp, Matt", he explained " but none of them go without my knowledge of them". "So, are you only going for those parts?" he asked. I thought before answered, and decided he would know if I lied and said "No, I thought what if that was me, I would be a monsters snack". He nodded his head and walked off, so I waited the rest of the time until a satyr showed up, and I realized I was the only demigod that showed up, and there were two satyrs. Not a prefered team, well actually I don't prefer a team at all, but even so not a great backup team to help "recruit" a new camper. One of the satyrs started talking to me and the other satyr about what was happening and who we were going after. Apparently a girl was at a school and had attracted attention from a couple monsters, he told me that it was good to have a volunteer help with a recruitment. We were going to some boarding school to rescue her around midnight to try and avoid the attention of others and the monsters. All in all a pretty quick and easy mission, and I should be able to pick some things up on the way. Just get in, get the girl, and walk out with her alive while transporting her to the camp. I knew it easier said than done, but I decided not to think about it. I knew if they needed back up it wasn't just a simple half-blood we had to get, there was something big about this girl that makes her a target. She could be a daughter of the big three for all we know. Kids of the Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades (the big three) are monster magnets. I should stop thinking of what could go wrong and start thinking of what could go right. I could find parts for my sword and get the girl…...and by get the girl I mean actually get the girl and bring her back to camp half-blood not win her heart. I don't have time for romance. Now i'm ranting and off topic…..Oh well. The satyrs led me to the van, and then we set off to the