Here's a new story for you guys! Don't worry about the other ones. I will make sure to be finishing them as well. College is taking top priority for me right now though, so updates will be slow. This is only the prologue, so it will be a bit shorter in comparison to the chapters. The chapters will be six thousand to ten thousand words each. I already have the plot lined up for this, so things like polls to decide where the story goes wont happen. Without further ado, let's begin! Prologue - Into the maw of Hell Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you. When you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you. -Friedrich Nietzsche Percy found that there were many ways to fall. One could fall over themselves, trip, hit the floor, and sport a bashful hint of red on their cheeks, as their nearby friends made fun of their clumsiness. One could fall off a ledge, grabbing a minor injury as they land, possibly even something major, like a fractured bone. One could fall in battle, fending off hordes of monsters, possibly for heroic reasons, possibly for a girl, possibly for the ever present though of "oh my Gods, oh my Gods, I'm going to die!" Percy also found that these were all preferable to the current fall he was taking. He supposed this was what he got for being greedy. Luke gave him a pair of winged shoes at the beginning of their quest, a gift that he was extremely grateful for. He briefly considered giving them to his best friend, Grover Underwood. He wanted to do it because he figured that Grover would be at an extreme disadvantage if they came to a fight. But then he considered his friend's status as a protector, and his status as a satyr, and though "hey, he'll be able to take care of himself. They wouldn't make him a 'protector' if he couldn't!". Instead, he gave Grover responsibility over the pearls that would teleport them home. That was a grave error in judgement. The stupid winged shoes opened up, and dragged him down to Tartarus. He tried many a time to retract the wings as they dragged them along the ground. He supposed it made for an interesting scene, a twelve year old preteen shouting "Maia!" over and over as he got closer to the pit of the underworld. In retrospect, he actually preferred himself to be the one to have worn the shoes. He would never wish this fate upon Grover, or Annabeth. He had been falling down this hole for a long time now. He didn't know exactly how long. He knew it was longer than a week, but not much passed that. Multiple times, he tried using the winged shoes, to no avail. The panic he had felt during the beginning of the fall had long since turned to resignation. He would either die when he hit the bottom, or die of starvation before that. He didn't know what happened when you died in Tartarus, but he didn't think it was a much wanted option. Eventually, that resignation turned to fear and panic. His mind conjured images of his soul being tortured down here for all eternity, his sanity breaking from the pain like a window against a bat. He had prayed to every God and Goddess he could remember, starting with his father, going through each and every Olympian, praying to minor Gods, river Gods, then back to the Olympians. He had finished praying to Dionysus again, before realizing that the Gods either didn't care about him, or their power didn't reach him down here. He didn't know if wanting the later option made him an optimist or a pessimist, but he found that he didn't quite care either way. He continued thinking about nothing, before his stomach rumbled again. Searching his bag, he took out his last bit of ambrosia. He could never eat much of the stuff at one time, it would kill him if he did, but he could eat a little. Given that he had no other alternative food sources, he didn't have much option. He almost popped the piece into his mouth, before stopping and thinking back to one of his lessons with Chiron. "To commune with the God's, a chain must be made between you and them. This can be done with praying, but the chain is often strengthened by sacrifice..." He hadn't much payed attention in that lecture, and didn't know the specifics, but he did know that campers would often sacrifice food to the fire during lunch and dinner. Not only that, but they often sacrificed the biggest piece of food. " The more important it is to you... " Percy though " ...the more likely they are to respond ". Perhaps it was desperation. Perhaps it was flat out fear. If he was thinking logically, he likely wouldn't have sacrificed his last, and only, piece of food left on a theory that he didn't know would work. Nevertheless, Percy took his lighter out of his bag, cupped his hand to keep the wind from blowing out the fire, and burnt the ambrosia. As he did, he prayed with everything he had. " Anyone " he though " Anyone that can help me... please... ". For a moment, there was nothing but the constant rush of wind. Percy almost lost all hope. Then, Percy saw something he hadn't since the beginning of his fall Light. Percy shielded his eyes, as the God's light before him nearly burned his retinas. Tentatively, he opened them to find a transparent image of a blonde haired man with a bow on his back staring back at him. Apollo. Percy began to cry tears of joy. "Cousin Perseus" "Lord Apollo" Percy replied, wiping his eyes. "We will need to be brief. Although your sacrifice has strengthened the bond between us, it will not last forever". Percy nodded in reply. He didn't know the exact magics behind communication between God and man, but he figured that if it ran on a type of fuel, someone's last piece of ambrosia was like running of fumes. No time to waste, then. "Can you get me out of here?" Percy asked. "...The pits of Tartarus are strong. My image's personality here is already changed to something like my older, Greek personality because of it. The power required for a transportation would me more than what I have dominion over. To teleport someone is already a difficult task for me, unless they have some affiliation with the sun. My hands cannot reach the Underworld, let alone Tartarus". A thousand questions flooded Percy's mind from the speech. He ignored them, in favor of more important topics. "Are there any other Gods that could do it?" My father, if he was in a generous mood. Or Hades. But I do not think it possible for me to convince them". Percy knew he was right. Zeus hated him right now for "stealing the master bolt", and Hades was in a similar mood towards him, so that scratched those two out. "...So there is no way, then..." "Without any magical item to help us, no". Apollo said. Percy was silent, as his head lowered. "Then I'm dead" Percy replied. Apollo looked at him for a while. "To be banished to the pits of Tartarus is a fate worse than death. Man, Titan, giant, monster, and God alike are all trapped down there, unable to escape" "That's reassuring" "But that does not mean escape is impossible" "It's escape-able?" Percy asked. "Indeed. Though it is no simple task. The road you travel is one that immortals have failed to bear, let alone demigods... I will be frank with you. I am not sure I could do it myself" "Then how on earth would I be able to?" "You have... advantages that I do not. Tartarus is not just a place. He is a being, a primordial, stronger than God and Titan alike, born of Chaos, and tempered by it. Should I try to leave the pit, he would take notice. He would stop me. But you may be just weak enough to go unnoticed when making your escape". "So your saying that I'm so unimportant, that he might not notice when I try and leave?" "In a way, yes" Percy didn't know how to feel about that. Apollo continued, "He does not expect anyone of your stature to be able to escape. The beings down there make sure that non-immortals stay in their torment. But if you were strong enough to defeat anything down there, while also being weaker than an immortal, you might not draw his gaze". "Okay... so that's my game plan then? Take down the monsters, don't let Tartarus catch me." "It is not that simple. Among the pits of Tartarus lies many creatures of incredible power. You faced Echidna and Chimera on earth, correct?" Percy nodded, not sure how Apollo knew that, before writing it off as God knowledge. "Down here, they would be even more powerful. And others, such as the drakon's, put them to shame. You may even encounter Titans. To survive, you will need to be far more powerful. As it stands now, I am not sure you could defeat a simple hell-hound in Tartarus" "Great. Well, I can't do much training till I get down there, considering my current situation. What do you suggest?" Apollo shook his head. "While you will need to train, it alone will not suffice. You need powerful weapons, honed abilities, and the like. Until you can gain these things, it is best to lie under any monster's gaze" "Powerful weapons? Abilities? Where am I going to get those?" "Tartarus is an ancient place, older than I. There are many secrets down there waiting to be discovered. You will find what you need." "But until then, I'm basically screwed..." Apollo looked at him for a bit. "I can give you my blessing". Percy's gaze rose to the God's image. A blessing? He didn't know exactly what it would do, but it sounded pretty good. He briefly considered asking why Apollo was so willing to help him, before he mentally slapped himself for wanting to question the blessing of a God. "What do I need to do?" he asked. "To be blessed by a God, it requires a task, or another sacrifice. Is there anything left in your bag?" Percy nodded, opening his pack, and taking out his water canteen. "My last bit of water" He said. Apollo looked at it. "It isn't much... are you willing to part with your winged greaves?" Percy was confused for a moment, before looking down, and noticing that the tennis shoes were now a pair of celestial bronze greaves, with two white-feathered wings on either boot. He wondered at this for a moment, before passing it off as Tartarus changing the things around him. He looked back to Apollo. "Not unless there's no other way. If I can find a way to make these things work again, they'll be invaluable down there". Apollo sighed a bit. "The water isn't much... but it will initiate the bond between us. Casting this heavy a bond on such a small sacrifice will drain this image of most it's power. Our time to talk afterwards will be short. Stretch out your hand, and shield your eyes". Percy did so. There was a flash of light, and the water canteen left his hand. Percy opened his eyes. Above him was a glowing rune, similar to the one that appeared over his head when Poseidon claimed him as his son. It showed the image of an arrow crossing through a lyre, before it dissolved. "My blessing upon you is weak,