Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer created some of these characters but what Lay did with them made me laugh so hard I had to review - every chapter of IN YOUR ROOM - when I could stop giggling enough to type. Thanks to Carrie and Hadley for making this so easy peasy. ~~ Date Night ~~ Ten years of marriage and my husband's still got it. He's the man I overhear women describe as the town's hot doctor while they're in the drug store, waiting for prescriptions to fill or, like today at Wendy's, with their kids in tow, while I've got his kids in tow. I can normally stay above these comments and feel flattered, since Edward's never given me a reason to feel jealous. I'm just possessive of what I have and, if they go too far, I can still bring out the crazy. I'll take down any "see you next Tuesday" who thinks she has a hope in hell of coming between me and my man. Today, though, I can ignore them. My mind is dreamy and full of my husband because tonight is our first date night in years. It's going to be our way to reconnect like we used to before we became this big family. My mother actually offered when I explained the pressure four kids put on our marriage, and now, once a month, she and Phil are going to give us the opportunity to rekindle our lust. We've never used those exact words, but they're taking the kids this afternoon and we'll pick them up before Sunday lunch, so they know what's going on. They know how much I appreciate them giving us this precious alone time and they haven't asked for any details on what our plans are. Date nights had to come about eventually when locking our bedroom door no longer worked and we started missing good opportunities. We'd be getting busy when one of the kids would call out or just lose their shit that night or get whiny. When they wanted in, they'd be as loud and annoying as possible, banging on the door and waking everyone up before we would give in and answer it. Our kids had caught us several times in the act and we expected that in a house where the parents are sexually active. However, shit got real the night we heard a quiet, "Mommy?" from a child standing close as I was having a come to Jesus moment and Edward reached the point where he couldn't stop thrusting. When she started crying, we both knew we had to come up with a solution. He came home unexpectedly one afternoon during what should have been nap time. I was sweaty and red faced with my hair piled haphazardly on my head. Yeah, I was totally glamorous, going DEFCON 5 on the house, so consumed by the state of our home that I ignored him. He asked if he could help me and I took it to mean he thought I couldn't cope. He was actually so frustrated that he'd take me in any state if he could plunge in and have his way with me. Satisfying his morning wood had always been a favorite of mine, a sensual fuck after waking, cuddled up together, the morning orgasm that made me feel good for the whole day. Now, we had to be up long before our children, just to stem the shit storm they could and would unleash in our kitchen if we left them unattended. One morning he hit me with a kind of ultimatum as we pulled the duvet up the bed together. "You know how much I love you, baby doll." "I think so, I hope so. I love you too." "When was the last time you think we had sex?" I had no idea. I could barely remember how we managed dinner a couple of night's ago. "Last week, wasn't it?" "No, that was the last time we attempted it. We were interrupted, remember?" Shit, that's right. "Oh yeah…that was…I'm sorry about that." "I'm not saying it's your fault. We've had good orgasms in this house before, very good ones as I remember. There are four of them living with us." "That would be technically three orgasms, Edward." He didn't react to my badly-timed attempt at humor, so I quietly waited for the rest of his speech. He sighed and turned away slightly, pushing his hair back and looking out the window. "I shouldn't have to jack off in my own home when I'm happily married." My eyes welled with tears as I shook my head to agree with him. I felt hollow inside from his revelation. Here was the man who had my heart, suffering from a lack of sex, and I was the reason. "Thank God you said 'happily'. I still love you, Edward." His shoulders dropped and he came over to envelop me in one of his most reassuring hugs. "I love you too, baby doll. You're my Bella." After a few seconds, he held my arms and fixed me with his eyes. "If we can't do it as much as we used to, then we need to get out of here if we're going to achieve the level of satisfaction that I'm… anticipating ." My eyes popped when he said, "anticipating," using eye contact that means everything. With four witnesses never far away, his dirty talk has evolved into something so subtle that only I notice it and the fact that he means it just for me is crazy sexy. When he uses his code in private, it's a tune I'm ready to rock and roll to. It did make me slightly nervous, however, because he could mean anything when he gets like this. His sexual brain hasn't changed since I met him, so I hoped he wasn't anticipating trying anal again. My b-hymen should be reborn by now and I want it to stay that way. He touched a couple of fingers under my chin and kissed me with a tongue that promised a whole lot more. Just as I felt myself melting into him, he stopped and looked at me deeply. "Would you go on a date with me, Bella?" There was only one answer to that. I slid my hands up his chest and said, "Sure." "I'll buy you dinner if you'll put out," he added, his voice full of sex, lightly squeezing my hips. "Then consider me a sure thing, Cullen." He smiled and, just as I kissed him again, one of the kids needed something – on cue. "Mommy?" We both sighed and pulled ourselves back to reality. He finished getting dressed and I left the room, ready to murder one of our children. I still can't believe I can't tell who it is when they call me. They all sound the same. So, tonight is date night. With two birthdays looming in our household, and two other mouths that can't keep a secret, Edward and I decide to hit Target right after we drop the kids off, pick up the stuff I have on order, and choose a few other presents. We are going back home to hide it all properly before we start our date. Buzzing with nervous energy that needs a different outlet, we could probably spend a little longer on what we buy for them but we're at the checkout before we know it. I pull the clothes off the hangers to get through faster when Edward pushes himself into to my hip under the guise of removing his credit card from his wallet. I even make idle chit chat with the cashier about the cute dress and the sweet lace on the socks as she scans them, so she'll concentrate on our purchases and not on my husband's blatant sexual advances. I imagine one of those Mall of America: Mall Cops leaning forward at screen number six upstairs, wondering what he is actually witnessing at the Target checkouts. Is that man… i s he dry humping that woman? Edward swipes his card like lightning and we get out of there. He keeps the cart tight in front of him. This particular Saturday night, the Target parking lot is almost empty and as soon as we close the back door of our SUV, our eyes meet and we know . We unbuckle a baby seat each and they go in the back with the presents. We get in the back seat and I straddle him, wanting my share of the dry humping action, kissing him with nothing short of total lust. It's wet and sloppy and fan-fucking-tastic. We moan into each other's mouths as he squeezes my ass and my tits before he lifts me off him, placing me down on the seat so he can remove my panties. "Really?" I ask, urging him to consider this carefully. He is like a pillar of society in this town after all. None of them knows private Edward Cullen like I do. "Yeah, really," he answers with twinkling mischief in his eyes, undoing his belt and yanking his pants and boxers down, using one of his long thick fingers to slide in and check if I'm wet enough for him. He smiles and bites on his lower lip as he adds a second finger and starts circling my clit with his thumb, pushing down with the perfect amount of pressure until I whisper for him to fuck me. He tries to make sure I'm comfortable, before easing the beast in, locking eyes with me, fucking and grinding the way only he knows how to send me. "So good, you still feel so fucking good," he growls in my ear. God, we needed something like this. It's breathy and frenzied with the car squeaking and rocking as he pounds into me, my heel pressed against the side of the front seat so I can meet every thrust. I feel my toes curl tightly and my leg starts to shake. Coming fast and hard, we scream into our kiss as we climax. We lay there connected and spent as we try to catch our breath, laughing at what we've just done, and then groan when we finally have to get up. It's obvious that we're not as young as we used to be but that was hot, like repeatable hot, maybe next time in a town where they don't know us. It's fun, though, grinning and holding hands on the way home in a car full of the smell of sex. When we arrive home, we abandon the idea of dinner when the back seat needs a clean up while Edward takes the birthday presents inside. When he comes back for a second trip, he looks at me, shaking his head, remembering our guilty pleasure, quietly saying he must have been crazy. I cock up an eyebrow, and say I thought it was hot, that he was hot. He puts the presents down and kisses me up against the car with my leg wrapped around him and my hands pulling his hair as he presses himself onto me. Once inside, we soon find ourselves in bed, taking things a little slower and more sensually the second time. In his arms I find something I missed almost as much as spontaneous sex – lying in bed, talking and drifting off to sleep, burrowed into his chest naked, with no one there but us. The next morning I'm sore and it feels like I've dislocated my joints. It makes me remember why I'm wearing the smile that my sexy husband put on my face. He is incredibly hot. There's still no doubt I hit the jackpot when I got him. A couple of days before our second date night, we're arguing and we almost call it off. We don't feel like wasting a whole lot of money on dinner and a hotel if we are