Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest. Thanks a mill to my pre-readers, Ipsita and VampyreGirl86. Also to my beta, Sarcastic Bimbo. This was quite a ride! Thank you so much to Carrie and Nic and their team for a wonderful professionally run contest! And if you read, reviewed or voted, mwah! Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. . . Blushes and Bruises The Boss The interruption from my finance director was an annoyance. I didn't interfere in the daily activity downstairs, and I was busy, but he'd found something he wanted to show me. Apparently, this couldn't wait. The financial report he placed on my desk looked like any other, except for an additional entry next to his finger. I shifted my glasses until the figures came into sharp clarity and then looked at him over the lenses. "Who added this?" I demanded. "One of the young financial lawyers—a female ," he answered, with a disrespectful tone he might later regret. "That's a lot of money, Marcus. Have you checked it?" "Of course, Mr. Masen…Sir. It's a legitimate claim." "…that you overlooked." He fluttered his eyelids closed in that supercilious manner he used to show frustration. "It's new. A loophole." "Then I'd like to meet this young female , since I'm looking at your salary." Tapping my finger where his had just resided, I added, "Right here." His Adam's Apple moved as he acknowledged my threat. "I'll go get her." Incredibly, he left without apologizing, returning with a young woman who was adjusting her jacket, looking terrified. I had never seen her before. "This is Isabella Swan, Sir." Isabella Swan was the name of the student we secured for her final year of financial law, lured with a job offer and tuition payment. She quickly grasped the opportunity before it passed her by, much like the way I conducted business. I assessed her in a moment, beautifully groomed but dressed without a lot of expense. She answered my questions nervously, obviously in awe of me, something I found stimulating. Certainly, nothing about her irritated me. She was a very pretty girl with a sharp eye and the ability to stay abreast of current legislation, unlike my finance director, whom I would now keep on a tight leash until I could terminate his employment. Promoting Isabella to associate was not unheard of, but unusual. She continued to save me money, so I wanted to keep her satisfied. Acting like a CEO who pressed the flesh with his employees, I would call at her desk and ask why she was still here and what she was working on. A little more comfortable with me now, she asked me to call her Bella, and I began to look forward to seeing her enticing smile. She was also astute enough to know a tight summary held my interest while the incidental details did not. That Christmas, she brought a guest to the executive dinner and I had to shake the hand of a very unworthy suitor. The girl I'd imagined bent over my desk with her skirt hitched around her waist turned all her smiles to him, and forgot about me. He fawned over her during the dinner and conversation, and thought himself entertaining. I made an effort to ignore his shenanigans until he took her to the dance floor, and then I left, disappointed. Somehow, I managed to shatter an expensive mirror in my home that night, cutting my hand. With no memory of it, I allowed the cognac I consumed to take the blame for the accident. I swung past her desk on Monday morning, and noticed the usual ponytail replaced by a mane freed to cascade over her shoulders. She was so immersed in what she was reading that clearing my throat made her jump and knock her pen to the floor. As she bent down to retrieve it, her hair parted, revealing a sizeable bruise where her neck met her shoulder. The images that filled my brain almost overwhelmed me. His mouth there, his thumbs, inflicting injury in the throes of passion. Lost for words, I pointed to the mark and, in doing so, drew her attention to my bandage. "What happened, Sir?" she asked, standing to attention. "It's nothing. Why are you bruised, Bella?" Now she was lost for words, looking anywhere but at me, blushing, and covering the mark with her hair. "Did someone hurt you?" I asked, demanding an answer. "No." Turning a brilliant shade of red, she echoed, "It's nothing." Throwing the same words back at me left unnecessary tension hanging in the air between us. From her eyes, I could tell she had no intention of explaining. "Very well," I said and walked away, but that bruise wormed its way into my brain and I came up with many versions of why it was there. Some of them disturbed me more than others. . . The boyfriend was still sniffing around her weeks later, just another corporate lawyer with a substandard "cum laude" pass from a degree paid for with daddy's money – not someone we'd consider employing. The deep rumble of his motorcycle outside the building would force me to peek out the blinds in contempt. He'd cut the engine and remove his helmet, seemingly happy to wait in the cold, so I made sure he stayed out there long enough to suffer. There was always last minute information I needed before the next meeting, and my Bella would acquire it without hesitation. Chuckling, I'd say to myself, " I'm not ready to let her go yet," as I watched him freezing to death. It was a fine game only I could win. Bella would give me what I needed, and join him out front, clad in leather pants. I would have to find out where she changed into them. She was a sweet girl, offering a welcoming hug for his patience, and accepting the jacket he helped her put on. I understood the appeal of this kind of transport, but my warm limousine with its television and comfort was infinitely safer for her. I hated him for risking her life on the back of his bike, but I could not admit that I watched them. In spring, he was still picking her up, infuriating me. I cringed when I saw the tattoo so poorly fashioned that it crept out from the sleeve of his grubby looking tee. When I watched her investigate the inky disfigurement, most probably horrified, I knew it was time to act. I needed to separate my Bella from his clutches. I began to request her attendance at evening meetings and dinners. He would soon tire of his nights alone. Her legs looked fantastic with the streetlights filtering into my car and I willed her to look up at me and raise the skirt so I could see the shape of her thigh. She changed position, sensually inviting me to keep staring, but she couldn't read my mind. My imagination had to complete the explicit part of the scene. Entering the restaurant, I may have misjudged the location of the small of her back and touched the cheek of her behind. She put me in my place immediately with an energizing flash of her eyes. Oh yes, things would soon be progressing. I'd make sure of it, slowly but surely. The motorcycle stopped coming to take her home. I enjoyed the satisfaction of knowing I'd played a part in ending that tedious relationship until something dawned on me. The bike's arrival was my way of knowing she was leaving the office. Finding her desk empty on nights when we had no appointments sent me into a rage, so I started calling her, requesting urgent information. Initially willing, she soon thought I would accept an excuse like having dinner. I made no attempt to disguise the anger I was controlling. "Sir, may I speak with you?" she asked me early one morning. These surprise visits had become her way of apologizing and they were often full of ideas that made me money. "Of course, Bella. Come in." "I want to show you something." Today, she came around to my side of the desk, and I swiveled my chair toward her, picturing her lowering her sweet backside to my lap. So close to me, I detected a whiff of female arousal, and glanced at the closed door, thinking all my Christmases had come at once. Taking my mouse, she leaned over the laptop. It was a herculean feat to stop my hand from caressing that curve. "See this new drive?" she asked, moving her hair back so I could see. For a moment, I was preoccupied with her neck, imagining my bruises there. Shutting off those thoughts, I tried to focus on the arrow, circling her target on the screen. "This is where I save the documents for each project. All my research and reports are here." Watching as she opened and closed various folders, I didn't warm to the idea of all this being in one place. "There is some highly confidential information here. Who else has access?" "No one," she answered, leaning on the desk. "Just you and I." Sharing something with only her was titillating, but I wondered at its purpose. "So why are we sharing? Isn't it your job to provide answers to my questions?" I enjoyed reminding her that I was still angry at her inability to fulfil my immediate requests of late. "Yes it is," she said with a faintly forced smile. "But I know you hate waiting, so this is more efficient for you. If I can't get to my laptop immediately, then you can look it up yourself." Scanning the list in front of me, I found it held no appeal. "There are a lot of documents here. How would I find what I want?" I looked over my glasses into her eyes, seeing them sparkle as if she thought I meant to encourage her. "I'll show you how to search," she offered, enthusiastically trying to sell the idea. "You can find anything you want based on an amount or a word." As she took the mouse again, I covered her hand with mine. "Don't," I cautioned her, shutting the lesson down. A tiny frown worked a crease between her eyebrows and she stared at me. "I don't need training…from my lawyer…who I pay well to do this for me." Her eyes opened wide but she retained her composure when I released her hand. "Yes, Sir," she acquiesced, with a hint of toxin in her voice. Standing up, she added, "I didn't imagine it would happen very often." "No, it wouldn't. We're in total agreement," I said sarcastically, ending the conversation. I didn't have to say another word for her to see it was a good idea to leave. That was the first night I dreamed of hurting Bella Swan, fucking her too roughly and leaving purple hand marks on her neck. I put it down to frustration. I continued to treat her with disdain until I was scheduled to go to New York with only four hours of business and a weekend to play. When I admitted I could do with the break, she nodded, saying she hadn't been there for years. It was the perfect moment for my invitation. "I need you to come with me, Bella." Ohh… she blushed. The sweetest tinge of blood swept over her cheeks. "Where would we stay?" she asked, looking past me, probably imagining somewhere glamorous. "I have an apartment in Manhattan," I replied, knowing she would die for the view. "I… I don't think that would be proper." I almost snorted at her impertinence, thinking she could say no. The blush was now spreading down her throat and I felt my cock filling as I slipped into the dream when I had my