It's not easy to write a story for someone. You can't invade their privacy by writing about them specifically, so you have to write something else and try to sprinkle them through it. You want them to smile when they recognize themselves in the work, without it being obvious to others who read, except maybe to those very close friends, who will also know. This story wouldn't have happened without the help of two very special girls, Hadley Hemingway and Edwards Beachlover. A million thanks to you both. For Maple, on her birthday. ... Sailing Into the Future Jasper loves Bella. Bella loves Jasper. It's carved into most of the wooden structures and trees in the town where we grew up. "You never see them apart." That's what everyone said about the best friends who became lovers. Long absences when we separated for college made no difference. Both sets of parents approved. Convenience, safety, a common history – it should have been easy – we liked each other. Then a proposal of marriage came out of nowhere, and it scared me to death. It seemed like one minute I was in the cocoon of a safe, loving relationship and then I peeked out, terrified I was making a mistake. I said yes, without thinking it through, and Jasper knows it. He hovers and worries about me. I do love him. I feel like I've always loved him and that I will continue to love him. He's not the problem. I feel like I'm standing at a crossroad with two major decisions before me. I've only ever had two boyfriends in my whole life, and at twenty-three years of age, I know there's a world I haven't experienced. The other one is my job. Every day I hate going there. I know I'm lucky to have any job in this current meltdown of an economy, but I'm sick of taking on the workload of the other two who really aren't performing. I'm constantly dealing with inane problems of college students who can't get their act together, and it's not what I trained for. Now I have to renegotiate my contract sometime before this break is over, and I'm not sure if I want to. My wavering over my decision to get married has caused a lot of tension, so my parents suggested I take a European vacation over the summer and sort myself out. Jasper wanting to come along was a bit of a surprise at first, but I can understand fully why he needs this too, so we came up with an agreement. We'd have no rules, and whatever happens will stay there. Jealousy and accusations are banned, and we're allowed to do anything we want. I hope that by the end of it, I'll know if I'm making the right decision. I didn't wear my engagement ring on the plane. I've left it in the care of my best friend, Alice, who looked at me dismally when she agreed to keep it safe. I don't want to lose it because I chose it and love it, but I'm uncertain whether I'll want to wear it when I come back, and I can't face that scene where I have to take it off my finger and hand it back. It would be too tragic. A week in England and a week in Ireland have proved to be an immediate test to the strength of the agreement. Everyone flirts over here, and the feeling of total freedom is exactly what I've been seeking. There have been plenty of opportunities to get this out of my system. There was a particular night on Guinness, in the 800-year-old King's Head Pub in Galway, which will go down in history. We had a bet before we went out that night and I won 50 Euros for my first sleepover. Craig or "Creg," as they called him was nothing but a player, an attractive, cocksure, well-muscled, generous, sharp-witted womanizer. When I crept back in the morning, I was red-eyed and hung over; but even that drunk, I still didn't sleep with him. I wonder if he even remembers me. It was easier to let everyone think I'd done the deed, than to explain why I didn't go through with it. I'm the one who thought this was my way forward, but the reality is very different than what I expected. It's one thing to laugh at someone's jokes and feel their hungry eyes on you, but another to get physical with them. Anyway, the bet was to sleep over, and there were no stipulations on what you did while you were there, so I just didn't say I slept on his couch alone and snuck out of there before he woke up. Luckily, no one's done anything more than knowingly smirk at me. Even Jasper hasn't said anything, because it's all part of the agreement. The group we're travelling with is always changing, sometimes six or more, depending on finances or the will to continue with life on the road, finding new hotels and dragging suitcases and backpacks around. An idea formulates to head to the Riviera for some sun, so Jasper and I train it to Paris, and then on to Marseilles where we're meeting up again with Edward. I can't wait to see him. Unfortunately, our arrival coincides with a country-wide transport strike, which means we're going to be stuck in Marseilles for another two days before we can get a seat on the train to Cannes and Nice. Jasper and I are at a bar having a pre-dinner drink when I see him walk in, the most desirable man I've ever laid eyes on. My heart rate immediately increases and I know I'm already blushing. Edward looks so delectable, with his golden skin, mesmerizing green eyes, and wild copper hair. I want to touch him. He sees me, and gives me a quick smile before he leans on the bar at the far end and orders himself a beer, paying no attention to Jasper. I can't take my eyes off him because he's like an addiction, the kind of man you can't possibly resist, so I'm wondering why I'm even bothering when there are no rules. I've already slept with him on this trip, soon after we arrived in London, but he left for Spain with another group when we went to Ireland. I know if I give in to my overwhelming attraction for him, that it will blow the whole agreement apart and turn this trip into a complete waste of time. I'll be dragging him off somewhere to fuck our way through the rest of the vacation. Edward is watching the television, showing the latest footage of Parisian crowds, assembling in lines and burning things. His eyes roam the clientele and then quickly find mine. He pushes himself off the bar, and works his way through the crowd to speak to us. "So France is on strike for the next few days, huh?" I never fail to melt when I hear his accent. He says the word "posh" sometimes, and it's a good adjective. Occasionally, though, a little Cockney creeps in. It's panty-dropping, every time. Jasper replies, "Yeah, it looks like we're stuck. Any ideas on how we can get out of here?" "I've got a boat, if you're interested," he says with a grin. "Where do we want to go, kids?" Jasper and I look at each other in surprise and then I lock eyes with Edward, searching for what he's actually offering. "I need to acquire a few more passengers to cover my costs, but 400 Euros each will take us all the way to Nice. That's where I'm transferring her to." His eyes take in my face in a way that tells me he's missed me too. I know how hard this has been for him. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Jasper shaking his head, probably amazed at Edward's knack of coming up with the perfect solution. "What kind of boat, Ed?" Jasper asks, looking for a way to break the eye contact between us. Edward blinks a few times before answering him, running his hands through his hair. "It's Edward, Jasper. I prefer Edward." I hear the slight change in Edward's accent before he looks back at me. "She's a luxury sailboat, not huge, an eight berth. She's nice though. I've done this same trip before. It's a piece of piss." "Can we catch fresh fish and barbeque on board?" I ask, and Edward laughs at me. "Not around here, we can't." "Is it polluted?" I ask, with a frown. "There's nothing here, Bella. All the seafood comes from Belgium," he offers, still chuckling. "There's no seaweed." My eyes grow wide, hardly believing him. He squeezes my arm and taps Jasper on the back. "You two have dinner. I need to contact these girls who want a ride. I'll catch you later." I feel myself wanting to go with him, but calmly nod instead, letting him leave and tend to his business. I'm worried about my ability to resist him if we're going to be together on a boat for the next few days. I spend the rest of the evening doing my laundry and all the girly things I probably won't be able to do on a boat. Later that night, he calls to say he's found all his passengers, and gives us directions to the mooring. The next morning, the noise of the mass of people in the streets wakes everyone up early. It's a struggle to get through the traffic and around to the marina where hundreds of fabulous boats wait to be taken out. Finding the numbered berth is even harder, dragging our bags in the simmering heat. When we find it, I stand there staring. I can't believe this is where we'll be staying. Her name is "Irina," emblazoned across the back in a calligraphic script. She's beautiful, with a smooth, glossy white hull and decks of creamy beige timber, a blue colored sunshade covering built-in seating, next to the huge steering wheel. She has two masts, holding rolled up sails. Edward comes out and greets us. He's loading supplies on board and we quickly help him, noticing two of our fellow passengers watching us. They are girls, obviously younger, and from the look of them, they slept on board last night. They're wandering around in bare feet, bikini tops and short shorts, drinking coffee and rubbing their eyes. Jasper's eyebrows pop up as he takes them in, and I say nothing. My eyes are on our skipper's muscles, straining against his t-shirt. A horn toots and Edward asks Jasper if he could help him. They head up the walkway to one of those strange-looking tiny three-wheeler trucks that speed around the streets here, labeled as "Delicatessen Max." I watch Edward hand over cash for several plastic bags and a large box with long baguettes sticking out of the top. The two men look mismatched coming back together, with Edward in board shorts, t-shirt, and bare feet, and Jasper in his jeans, casual button-down, and Docs. They are both gorgeous in their own way. Edward hands over the bags to the girls and introduces them as Jane and Kate. I can't pick up their accents, but they seem friendly and happy to help now, taking the groceries inside. Then Edward grabs my bag and takes us downstairs to see the sleeping accommodations. There are three double bedrooms and one room with two very narrow bunk beds. I suddenly feel like I've been hit with a sledgehammer; it's obvious they only used one room last night from the way the sheets hang off the bed. I have to draw on every reserve I have to keep standing as I think of him spending the night in one bed with two girls. I did say no rules, so I'm