A divorcee painting a beach landscape. A stranger and his young dogs playing on the sand. The story of how a childhood vacation, two mutts, a pedigree pug, an incomplete painting, and an ex-husband all play a part in bringing these two together. A birthday present for Planetblue To one of the nicest, most caring women around. Blue, you have probably the driest sense of humor I've come across and a way with words like no other. After seeing pics you posted of your beach vacation, a plot bunny formed for a birthday story. Then RL intervened, and I had to watch the deadline pass. Some of that real life is in here, but the best part has been finding a happy place in writing when everything was scary and stressful and imploding around me. So thanks, Blue, for giving me this, as much as I give this to you. Thank you especially, Hadley Hemingway, for your help and encouragement to write a little more. ~ xxx ~ Chapter 1 I love fall. I love the way it brings a new kind of visitor to my beach. They come with a yearning, a need to soak in one more day of heat and wring a last memory from the season before they return to ordinary lives. The summer families have already taken their children and laughter with them. The laughter probably turned into whining on the way back home and the vacation is surely forgotten by now with new uniforms, books, friendships and weekly activities filling their lives. Hot days are already scant during September. Soon, it will be too cold to run with abandon into the waves, wearing as little as possible. It starts off with having to make a decision to dive under. The towel, lying up on the sand, suddenly needs to double as a blanket. After a whole year of seasons here now, I can pick the time of year by the color range in the day. I've painted enough versions of this view to know which hues I need to match the sky, the sea, the grass, and the sand. The wood in the pathways to the beach I can tweak with a little more yellow in summer, but blue always comes directly from the tube, whether it's a cerulean, cobalt, sapphire, ultramarine, or one of fifty others. It's difficult to mix the truest of colors, the most prevalent on the planet. It's the last color you lose as you descend into the depths of the ocean, when the water has refracted all the yellows and reds. Even the greens go as you sink lower, so blue is obviously the strongest color, the last one remaining. These days, I have little use for the warmer parts of the spectrum in my daily life. Gone is the yellow I used to put in my hair, the gold of the jewelry my ex-husband gave me, and the red of a dress or a lipstick. I mainly wear blue or tones of it. Jeans are my dress du jour and, since I wash everything together, even my whites have a tinge of that singular color. Why is blue so remarkable? I always begin a new painting with a smear of my favorite indigo somewhere at the top. It may sit below a bank of clouds some days, but it's always the place I start. Then I sit back and see where it leads me, whether I'll have to paint it out or let it stay. It gives me a point of focus, a comparison. The indigo sky is my absolute favorite, the one I see in front of me on this canvas today. Its vibrancy will fade as winter approaches. I must make a note to order some more tubes of grays. Next to me, my baby boy speaks and I look up. He's noticed a new person emerge from a pathway built to protect the grass stabilizing the sand dunes. Two dogs, their breed unknown, accompany him, and it's obvious that they share great affection. He lets them off their leads and they run back and forth, jumping around him, barking for his approval to race down the beach. He throws a stick, and then another, following them almost to the edge of the water. As they return their finds to him, he takes the pieces of wood and tosses them a short distance into the waves. Both dogs retrieve their prizes and return to him, excited for more. It's not the stick they want; it's the attention and trust, knowing he'll be there to throw it again. He's the important part of their game. I wonder if he knows it. It's strange how the pug standing to attention on the chair next to me isn't growling. He doesn't bark at strangers; he's just possessive of our territory and me. Maybe he senses the love in front of us. Anyway, they are no threat to him. The man turns around and shields his eyes from the late afternoon sun. It's not a cursory glance. He's assessing something, looking from one end of the beach to the other, and then he's gazing directly toward me. At this time of day, he can't see me clearly through the insect screens, not like I can see out. He's probably imagining what it's like to actually live here. So many people turn back with the same look. The dogs distract him and he messes with their fur, and signals something. They take off and I see him smile as he watches them. I realize I'm smiling myself. Looking back at the painting, I wonder why this particular canvas filled itself so quickly, why some are effortless and others hard work. I capture the stranger and his two dogs with a few brush strokes, only needing to suggest them to record that they were there. It's the perfect final touch that will make this one sell. Between the local gallery and the one in New York, I've been very lucky. The income was unexpected, only because I never thought to seek one for myself. The canvas has to go inside before it's salt-encrusted and spoiled. Tiger still stands on his chair, enthusiastically watching as the three of them play in front of us. I wish he could understand that they won't stay here long, not at this time of the year. The man is probably just stretching their legs on the way to where he's really going. I sigh and call Tiger inside where he takes up residence on the couch, keeping his eyes on me. He's so incredible, the truest friend I've ever had. "How come you're such a beautiful boy?" I say, kissing his forehead and squeezing his face. He pants at me, showing me with his huge wide eyes that he loves me back. Gorgeous. Adorable. Smart. Generous. Trustworthy. Perfect. The next morning, I'm at the local store, with a long order of paint tubes, when the man I saw on the beach walks in and hovers around the back of the aisles. I can identify with the body language - trying to look like you're browsing when you're really waiting. A year ago, I was exactly like him, not wanting anyone to know who I was or why I was here. A quick sale was all I was after, cashing in the only asset I actually chose, the one he bequeathed to me in the divorce. We never once used it, leaving tenants in place to pay it off for us. There was no time to have a proper vacation anyway, when his priority was the next case or the one that was dragging on longer than expected. In the end, I realized they were excuses. After spending a week here, I knew I never could sell it. Letting myself relax and enjoy a life where I was important, I found fewer distractions and more inspiration. When one painting sold, it was still a hobby. After ten sales and a commission request, I began to feel like a real artist, having been plucked from the world of art as a fiancée and then made into a domestic partner where other matters became more pressing. There were staff to supervise, functions and committees to organize. Somewhere along the line, I lost myself, trying to be everything to everyone, and my husband forgot the girl he'd married. Settling in here, I stopped blaming myself for what happened. With the fighting and recrimination behind me, I see the end was a breakdown of communication. I said he never stopped working and left everything else to me, abandoning me emotionally. He said he never asked me to oversee all the details, that I could have paid people to make my life easy, like everyone else's spouse. Couldn't he understand that these were our dinners, our charity banquets, and I needed everything to be perfect? Couldn't I understand that he was sick of trying to make me happy? We kept smiling in public, while fighting at home, until the day he walked in and handed me a divorce petition, telling me there was someone else. Publicly, he gave me the beach house, which I had valued at 1.7 million, and a monthly allowance. Privately, he offered me a deal - another quarter of a million if I agreed to tell everyone I left him, keep my mouth shut about the girl, and let him go in peace. I'd get the money once he was married and he'd sue me if I ever told anyone. Having seen him decimate the opposition in a courtroom, I knew beating him legally was impossible, so I decided to trust he would pay me and keep my end of the deal. The man is now standing behind me as I lean on the counter with my order of paints. Mike is on the phone, making sure they'll honor the free delivery for me. I find this method of purchase preferable to ordering on the internet because Mike takes some of the responsibility and I always get exactly what I want. Turning around, I almost tell the man to jump in front of me, since I'm holding things up, when I see his eyes for a split second. They're gray and beautiful. He instantly looks down, using his baseball cap as a shield, hiding what must be his best feature, and I wonder why. He's juggling a loaf of bread, eggs and margarine. As Mike finishes his call, the man looks up tentatively and I motion for him to go ahead. He asks if the store has chicken wings. The wings are no doubt for the dogs because I have the same thing in my freezer for mine. "Kibble and bones," the vet has instructed me, knowing I want my baby around for a long time. I could easily direct the man to where he can find them, but choose to let Mike do his job. "You own the pug?" the man asks, as Mike moves to the fridge. I glance outside at the play date my baby is having with his two. Tiger's curly tail is about to wag itself right off. "Yes." I already know that the people who come down here to discredit my ex-husband come in every shape and size. After a year, I'm still wary of strangers asking even the most innocent unsolicited questions. He nods and hands cash over to Mike, thanking him and leaving, ignoring me. The next day, I decide to walk to the pub for an early lunch. The shrimp are still on the menu and they're always good. I see the two dogs tied up and waiting outside so the man is obviously here. They lift their heads when I pass them, as if asking where my friend is. "Sorry, kids, I left him at home." "Morning to ya." The Irish owner is working the bar this morning. Business