Some characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. The rest are mine. This started as a flashfic to commemorate the birthday of Cullens TwiMistress. It got out of hand. Sorry, I couldn't help myself. Beta'd by Edwards Beachlover and VampyreGirl86 and only made possible with the advice and support of the Triangle of Curls Girls - especially Maplestyle, LayAtHomeMom and Heather Maven. From chapter 4 on, Hadley Hemingway was in control of this. ... Chapter 1 Bella "How do you get through traffic, pick up coffee and still arrive here at the same time each day? He's pulling into the lot, Izzy," Angie announces, draped over the windowsill next to her workstation. "I didn't know it was a crime to arrive on time every day." "No, but it's a crime to arrive looking like that. Jesus, the way he walks." "He'll know you're watching him, Angie! Get away from the window!" I tell her in complete frustration. Her eyebrows rise and she says, "I'm telling you he likes you and I can prove it." "He does not. He gets along with everyone. He's the IT guy for Christ's sake." "Right, well he's coming in now." She sits back in her chair and waits for him to enter our office. "Morning all!" He says this same thing every morning because he's always last to arrive, being on the late shift. His counterpart starts at seven and goes through until three. Masen's here until six. Just hearing his voice makes this place light up, like there's suddenly a buzz all through the office. "Here he comes, Iz. He doesn't need to walk this way. He should go straight and then turn right but…" "Hi, Isabella." He walks past and turns slightly, shooting a gorgeous grin my way and I swear I hear girls sigh. "Hi, Masen." The smell of his shower trails along about ten feet behind him and I notice a few people look up. "Here we go in three, two, one," Angie says, speaking to herself. Masen throws his keys in the air and catches them as he does every day lately. Angie starts to laugh silently and wheels her chair out a little to ogle him all the way to his office. "Did you hear that?" She cups her hand to her ear. "I didn't hear anything Angie." "Exactly, he only says hi to you and nobody else. That's funny don't you think?" She smirks and wheels her chair back. I'm not answering that. It's just because I'm still new and he's the kind of guy who's nice enough to welcome newcomers into the company. He set up my permissions on the network, created my email, and gave me unlimited access to reliable storage without any fuss. He lobbied for me to get my own copy of the full Creative Suite, saying it helped my productivity, so he's two-thousand percent better than the last IT guy I had to work with. I have big files. I create big print jobs from stunning high quality images for a magazine and at the other end of the scale; I capture the essence of the campaign for the website and create the artwork for an online paper, so I'm an expert at huge and at tiny. Masen knows this and has commended me on the way I don't waste his precious backup space. He knows he doesn't have to tell me not to upload gigabytes during business hours either because he knows I understand how it works. The trouble with this job is it's like a time warp for me most days. I can start working on a design and the next thing he's asking me when I'll be finished so he can kick off the backups. I look at the clock and see he's been waiting for thirty minutes past his clock out time so he can start the program. He never complains but I know he doesn't like to leave me here on my own, so I always apologize and shut down right away. I enjoy leaving work with him. I like hearing him say "Goodnight Isabella," because he's the only one who calls me that. To everyone else I am Izzy or Iz. Lately, I've made sure I'm off the network well before six because I've been working here on something of my own after hours since this office is toasty warm and my apartment is… not. It gets dark very early and there have been quite a few nights when I've looked out lately and seen snow on the ground. It's eerie and bleak, another reason why I like us to leave together. I enjoy waving goodbye to him because that smile warms up my car much faster than any heater could. I studied media and publishing at college and found it more lucrative to be artistic than wordy, so I design by day and write by night, purely as an outlet for my fantasies. I've been writing Twilight fan-fiction in my spare time for a couple of years now and God help me if anyone finds out my real name is Isabella. I certainly don't write under that name and I can't help my ears pricking up every time Masen's boss calls for him because he's a surname guy and Masen's surname is Edwards. Masen Edwards. Angie is the only one who knows the connection and it's the reason she constantly plays up his interest in me, but the only thing Masen Edwards has in common with Edward Masen Cullen is that they are both hot. Masen's dark and his eyes are aquamarine, not green like Edward's, but he still has the most amazing eyes I have ever seen in real life. The story I am currently working on has several people updating it. Firstly, there are two of us writing it and now two others are editing so we've started using Google Docs to record the changes live. I'm reading over some new pages that have appeared today and I burst out laughing, as much as one can in a quiet office where there is only one other person working. It's the breathing in part of the laugh that gives me away every time. "Everything okay, Isabella?" "Yes thank you Masen. I just sneezed." Please don't come over here. This story is so not for a work colleague's eyes. This collaboration is going very well. My co-author is as open-minded as I am and we are having so much fun with the comedy that we're flying through it. Her new pages inspire me to write a few more paragraphs, amazed that it fits so well with her new stuff, and then I scroll up to see if anyone has looked at the first half of the chapter yet. This is new to me but I know I have to click on 'File', 'See revision history', and luckily, they haven't made their changes yet because I want to add a short paragraph. I move my cursor to the right spot but it won't let me type anything. I can see everything and highlight it but it won't accept any new text. I can't work out what I'm doing wrong. Sitting there and staring at it, I'm trying to fathom what they haven't told me when I look more closely at the list of revisions. I go back to the point in time just before I added to the doc, click on 'restore this revision', and the new pages are now gone. I gasp at the screen, watching the word 'saving' appear at the top. It's quickly replaced with 'All changes saved in Drive' and I hear a pathetic noise come out of me. I have to stop what I'm doing before I do serious damage to this chapter and I wonder if Masen can help me. It has to be something simple and he can work anything out. I compose myself before I walk towards his office, seeing him on his phone, not looking very busy, and he tells his caller to wait for a second. "Can I help you with something, Isabella?" "Yeah, I just need some advice." I say casually, while dying inside. "I'll come over." I shake my head but he tells whoever is on the line that he'll call them back later and then he stands. "No, you don't have to come to the computer!" I say with absolute fear in my voice. "I was working in Google Docs and I seem to have lost the updates. Do you have any idea how it works?" "Uh, let me just find out how to use it and I'll come and see you." He starts tapping on his keyboard and I wander at a snail's pace back to my desk. I'm shaky now and impatient for him to just fix it before I have to message the others and tell them I've screwed up the doc. I don't even want to think about what he's going to say when he finds out I'm not working on something business related. My phone notifies me I have a Facebook alert so I check it on the computer. The message says, "Do you know WTF happened to the doc? Today's changes are gone." I type back, "I'm working on the WTF now. Don't panic. I'm getting help from my IT guy." Masen now heads toward me so I bring up the doc to cover my Facebook page. He smiles that goddamn gorgeous smile at me again and I lose my train of thought for a moment before asking, "Can you help me?" "Sure, seems pretty straight forward. Did you try to undo?" I make the sound of an idiot and hit control Z. The pages re-appear and my hands cover my mouth in relief. "Oh God, thanks." "Now close down and open it again." I'm so happy I don't even think. I close the window and reveal my Facebook page with another message. "I'll bet. Give him one for me." He can clearly see the three messages in the thread and, thank God, he lets me minimize it before I die of humiliation, but he's seen all the cover shots of Rob and some other very sexy images. "Sign in," he says calmly; ignoring what was just in front of him. I sign in to get the doc up again and he says, "May I sit?" "Um, I'll be okay from here, Masen. Thank you so much." I'm visibly shaking at this point and my pulse rate is off the charts because he can see the beginning of the chapter and it's not the kind of story you read with a male friend. The amazing thing is that the word Edward is not visible but I can see a few Bella's. "Don't you want me to show you how to use it?" he asks me, looking quite disappointed. I suddenly feel terrible since he took the time to look it up for me and he's probably read the paragraphs already anyway. I get up, aware that my seat is very warm and he sits down, looking at the screen, reading my smut. I watch as his eyes widen for a moment but he covers his reaction with a cough. "Excuse me. All you have to know is that you can't edit while you are looking at the revision history." He opens the revision pane and shows me you can't type while it's up. Then he closes it and types 'Isabella' very quickly as if he types the word every day. I get out a strangled "Thank you," and he smiles sweetly as he stands and goes back into his office. I fall into my chair and die. He has just seen what I can never explain to him. He won't understand that I can be normal and write this type of material. It's just fun, an outlet, like men buying tools they don't need on eBay or women taking scraps