Well, here we go again. It's been three months since my last update. Sounds like you're hearing my confession! Well, sometimes it is like that. I hope you like this one. I won't dare to go to the extremes I did with my first fic. There will be some angst but no terrible separations this time. Edward and Bella will always end up happy in my stories. Thanks to beachlover, my very patient prereader, who is coming along for the ride again. Honestly, she must be loony for putting up with me but I can't do this without her now. I will probably update Fridays Australia time, so most of you will get it Thursday and there will be an extra one this week - that is if I get some reviews. Chapter 1 - Hot Manuscript Bella There was a very soft knock on the glass of my door. I looked up to see Mike Newton and immediately felt fear in the pit of my stomach. The sense of déjà vu was horrible and the scene I was replaying would kill me if that's what this was. Oh Christ, there it was in his hand, just like before. The sight of the unmistakable parchment envelope had me instantly breaking out in a sweat. No, no, no, please no, he did not; he didn't take my only potential client right from under my nose when I was this close to signing her. That cocky son of a bitch! He had fooled me, I was sure he had no interest in this one and I stupidly let my guard down at a critical time. With an apologetic smile, Mike gently placed the envelope on my desk before retreating backwards and quickly disappearing. My hands were shaking as I took out the letter, reading the blurring words as the blood pumped at my temples. Yep, they had signed her, that damn Cullen crest emblazoned across the base of the page like some medieval victory sign. I was feeling a mixture of rage and defeat, wanting to tear the letter up and burn it, pretend I never got it, but I folded it back up, trying to compose myself with several deep breaths and walked out of my tiny office, the one with the shitty view, the one I was about to lose. I was going up to see the bastard and ask him if he felt good about what he had done and I might even punch him for the hell of it. I locked my door, stood tall and headed over to the elevators. There always seemed to be one of these damn things available for me, trying to entice me upstairs, and I punched the button for level 20, right next to the shiny engraved plaque for Cullen Publishing. I strode straight past the receptionist, Jessica, who only glanced at me before returning to her typing, and stormed up the hall to the man in the huge corner office. Unfortunately, my big entrance failed. He was leaning back and swiveling in his chair, running his fingers around the inside of a thick rubber band, his widescreen monitor turned sideways as two men on the other side of his desk watched seriously and nodded. I could see him talking but his office was so well soundproofed that I couldn't hear a thing. I caught his eye and he held up a hand and waved while his face burst in a huge cheeky smile. Cocky son of a bitch – he knew why I was here. I showed him my index finger and his hands clutched his chest. That was all I was going to get for now. I certainly wasn't waiting for his stupid meeting to conclude so I turned on my heels and walked back into the elevator, frustrated I didn't even get to blast him, the bastard! Someone got in on level 15 and gave me the strangest look. I realized I must have been muttering to myself, a nervous habit I'd picked up since Cullen Publishing tried to destroy me. Well, maybe that was a bit too strong. They were just very good at using my exceptional skills at finding new talented authors and promptly stealing them from me. The thief in question was one Edward Cullen, son of the owner and heir to the crown, so maybe losing this office would be the best thing for my career so he couldn't keep tabs on my clients any more. I put the key in the lock, opening up the silent space and looked at my incredibly clean desk. At university, I always pictured myself with chaotic clutter all around me, with manuscripts piling up and phones flashing with voicemail. The reality was different. The reality…yeah this particular reality was about to change when I would be working out of my apartment after the end of the month. Maybe I could be a mobile editor, meeting the client in his or her own space and maybe I would find a more personal connection, just like Edward Cullen did with his sexy, schmoozing, charismatic approach. Bastard! Who was I kidding! Once I couldn't afford to rent a small office like this I was finished. That's the fucking reality. The thought made my eyes fill with tears and I did something I never do, shutting the blinds so no one could see in and sat down, wallowing in pain while I looked at my shitty view. I only had two scientific manuals to edit now – that's it. I really was looking at the end of my business, a business that started with so much promise. There was a knock at my door and I wiped my eyes to ready myself for battle because I knew it was the thief himself, come to gloat. Damn, I had to get up and let him in because I couldn't see out. It wasn't Edward. Before me was a very tall young man, much younger than I was, with an expensive looking briefcase that did not match the outfit he had on. His old jeans and shirt was just a little too short for him as if he had outgrown them. He had a mop of black hair and he had a look that was familiar, like the indigenous people near where I grew up, the Quileutes. He took an anxious step back when he saw the look on my face and I had to apologize, telling him I thought he was someone else. "I'm Seth." He said it as if I was expecting him and then stood there nervously looking into my eyes. It was feeling a little weird in the quiet of my oh-so-not-busy office. "Would you like to sit down Seth? How can I help you?" He sat with the briefcase in his lap, clutching it with his huge hands. "I have a story here and... it needs some work. I was told to come to you because you are a good editor." His eyes darted around my office uncertainly, looking incredibly uncomfortable and completely ridiculous on my standard visitor's chair that was too small for his huge frame. I had to stop myself from giggling. At least I'd stopped sniffling. "That's nice of you to say that. I've actually just finished with my last client so I do have some free time." "I know." The corners of his mouth turned up ever so slightly and I started wondering who this person actually was. Just how do know I have free time, Seth or whatever your name is? "You know?" "Yes. I knew you would have a vacancy for me." Ookay, this was getting quite strange now. "So will you work on the story?" God he was keen, but I needed this job and so help me, strange or not, I was going to make sure I signed him if the story showed promise. I think I could make a saleable read out of anything and a dollar a sale would really help my dwindling bank account. I smiled at him as if we were old friends. "Of course, Seth, I'd love to. I can start reading straight away. Do you live locally?" "No." Okay. "So…we would be communicating by email then?" It was like pulling teeth to get a full sentence out of him. "Probably, I trust you to make the improvements." What, probably? What? "Are you…asking me to go ahead and start editing it?" Now I was mystified. He nodded. "Yes." Why did this suddenly have a rotten smell about it? Was he for real? "Seth, I'm an independent publisher so you would need to sign a contract for that, binding both of us exclusively." "Alright." I let out a long breath. Okay now I get it. Edward Cullen is going to come through that door any moment, telling me I've been punk'd and that this is not really happening. So disappointing, but I'd play along. It would probably be the only fun moment in an otherwise hideous day and I still had some sense of humor left, amazingly. I stood up like the perfect little secretary and moved to my filing cabinets. "I'll get you a contract, Seth. Will you have your legal people take a look? I shouldn't be recommending…" He put his hand up to cut me off. "No, I said I trust you." Well of course five minutes with me would tell you I'm completely trustworthy in punk'd land. "Okay, I'll just show you where to sign then." For a second I felt like a loan shark, luring this young man into a sea of trouble. "Write your full name on the line above and put today's date right there." I pointed to the signature line, feeling stupid. "Yes that's fine." Christ he wrote his name and signed it. They were going all out. "Oh and I'll need your email address and your cell number." "I'll email you." Right, of course you will. "No problem at all, Seth, here's my card." He took it and then there was another awkward silence. I looked down and saw myself rubbing the palm of my hand with my thumb. That's my really nervous and frustrated habit that doesn't come out very often. "Are you going to email me the book?" "Oh, no sorry, take the briefcase Miss Swan. It's the only copy, so please take care of it." He handed it to me and I nearly dropped it, not expecting the weight of the paper in there. If this was real, I'd be terrified. "You did say 'the only copy' and it's on paper?" "Yes." "I don't understand Seth – the only copy?" This was silly now and I was losing interest in their stupid prank. "The computer was…lost." More silence. Jesus. "Right, well do you have any questions?" Let's wrap this crap up. "No." He just sat there again, looking at me, probably trying to kill some time because Edward was surely about to arrive any minute. "Uh…I'll leave now, if that's okay with you, Miss Swan." "Oh sure Seth, you'll email me your details tomorrow?" "Okay, bye." He got up and walked out. He actually left without any proper answer or explanation, leaving me at a loss. My mouth fell open and it stayed that way. What the hell! They didn't leave me waiting long though because soon there was another knock at the door and I jumped up to see which one of them it was – punk'd time! "Did you forget something? Oh Edward it's you and lovely it is to see you." The cocky bastard tried to look surprised. "Who's the guy?" God he was sickening. "I don't know what you're talking about." What did he expect me to say? "What is he doing out there?" He was peeking out the blinds and doing an unbelievable job of looking worried. He was good. "Why don't you mind your own business?" "Okay, you're angry."