Bored Edward meets refreshingly honest Bella. A frustrating day of moving house turns into a night at a birthday party, where bare chests, ouzo and strippers become a recipe for falling in love - a short bit of fluff as a birthday present for Heather Maven. E&B AH Humor/Romance ... Chapter 1 – Convenience EPOV I shut the lights off in the lab. Once again, I'm the last to leave, having said goodnight to each of the team as they left to go home to their partners and families, for home cooked food and regular sex. The mistake I've made is starting to numb my brain and it's time to do something constructive about it while I still have choices. I think about tonight's choices. I can go home with take-out, go home and microwave something unappetizing or since it's Wednesday, I can skip dinner and go fuck my girlfriend, or rather my non-exclusive, pseudo-girlfriend who doesn't cook and who doesn't particularly inspire me to make things more permanent. However, I always get Wednesdays – and I usually take 'em. Tanya is incredibly beautiful and boring. Like many other trophy women I've been involved with, she cares more about her appearance than the news headlines. I don't even think she realizes how bored I am, that I feel like I'm on a treadmill. The guys I work with think I'm the luckiest man alive to be tapping her and frankly, I'm not interested enough to discuss it when it's not that great – they think I'm keeping the details to myself. The most exciting thing in my life is the move coming up this weekend. Tanya is moving into a large apartment with two other friends. I've already met one of them and she is also beautiful but I don't know her well enough to gauge if she's boring. Rosalie Hale seems friendly enough but she keeps her distance for some reason. I guess she's shy, so she's probably boring. Ho hum – it's embarrassing what I do for good-looking pussy. The third one is already in town somewhere, a friend from college and a schoolteacher, an English schoolteacher to be exact, called Bella. I bet she's the most boring of the three. Will she live up to the name? Perhaps she's an Italian beauty, a sublime creature worthy of a precious sculptor's attention? I seriously doubt it. I'm imagining the plaid skirt and the shirt buttoned-right-up-to-the-collar – sensible shoes – Christ I can feel the yawns starting already. Not that Tanya and I were ever particularly spontaneous, but I can see this weekend being the end of us. The prospect of having to make polite conversation with two women I don't know for who knows how long while maneuvering their roommate into bed with me is going to be demoralizing. I can't bear the thought of one of them saying, "See you next Wednesday!" Just... no. I'm doing the right thing, however, moving Tanya into the apartment, and then I think I'll leave her to it. I need to face the fact that I'm wasting my time. Tanya batted her false eyelashes at my brother, Emmett, so he's also been roped in to moving her stuff. Thank God. Otherwise I'll be doing it myself, or with one of Tanya's other acquaintances – I'd rather pull my shoulder out than meet one of her other "friends". It would do my head in, what's left of it. Early on Saturday morning, Tanya wakes me to go pick up the truck and I groan. She was all over me last night, in payment no doubt for the hell that's before me – not a bad blowjob really – she's quite talented when she makes an effort and thinks about me for a change. The thing is, she won't swallow so she makes me put on a condom so I can fuck her to finish. I asked her if she'd consider blowing me with the condom on and she looked at me like I had two heads. It was worth a try. Believe me, there is nothing worse than trying to estimate how long you've got to go before you need to pull out, get covered and get back in somewhere else. It takes all the enjoyment away from the deed when there's a good chance you'll end up blowing in a condom not buried in something. You may as well jack off and let it rip – a prospect that's become more attractive every week I've spent with Tanya. Emmett and I knock out the heavy stuff by lunchtime and we do a last trip to Tanya's; emptying it completely. Rosalie had the good sense to get a professional team to do her move. When we get back, the girls are arguing over the configuration of the living room furniture, seemingly unable to carry anything in from the truck until they make this vital decision. "Is there any cold beer?" Emmett calls out to them just as I think the same thing. "Not unless you brought it!" Rosalie replies sarcastically as she struggles with a couch. This is fucking ridiculous and I'm over it. No blowjob is worth this shemozzle. I try to intervene and get someone to help. "Girls, girls, girls, we have a truck to unpack in the driveway." "Not my stuff!" Miss Hale has a large stick up her ass with a bitch flag on the end. "Well thanks very much!" Emmett calls out and leaves, hopefully to bring in some boxes and not drive off on me. I swear I wouldn't blame him with the attitude in this room. "Tanya!" I raise my voice one decibel below blowing a fuse. "Okay, I'll be there in a minute!" I storm out and thankfully come upon Emmett with three boxes on a trolley. "We get this shit inside the door and then we leave them to it." "Agreed - I'll owe you one, Em." "You'll owe me more than one, little brother. Why are you with her again?" "Just shoot me." Tanya makes it outside for one trip and we soon realize we're better off without her because she wants to bring the boxes inside according to some harebrained system she concocted back at her apartment. Emmett shuts her down by saying this is not a fucking multi-storey office move and we'll bring them in as we find them. She huffs off and doesn't pester us again. The shit-eating grin on Em's face when she takes off makes me double over in laughter, the first enjoyment I've had so far today. I really shouldn't laugh at a woman I sleep with, but unfortunately, that time has arrived. After that, everything is funny. We start speculating on the contents of the boxes based on their weight and come up with some hilarious possibilities. Then we start taking bets on the actual contents of the ones we can get into and amazingly, I lose fifty bucks – it says a lot really. I'm still laughing as I hand him the note from my wallet when a girl comes up to us wheeling two huge glossy red suitcases and asks us if we're having fun. I nod at her thinking she looks the exact opposite of the two women inside as she's lugging her own stuff and managing very well. She looks around and then turns in the direction of their apartment, I suppose to get in the elevator and go up to a level where chaos hasn't taken over; but soon there's a whole lot of screaming coming out of their ground floor apartment, the kind that means this is the third roommate, the English schoolteacher roommate. After a few minutes, we hear raised voices and suddenly the three of them come out, Rosalie and Tanya looking like they've been whipped, and they offer to take a box each. The newcomer apologizes profusely, saying she thought we were just hot moving guys when she spoke to us before and didn't realize we were here to help out. I'm a bit overwhelmed by this pocket powerhouse and the girls trotting off with their boxes so I only hear Emmett when he clicks his fingers in my face. "Did you hear that? She said hot moving guys. The lady has taste." "And good manners, Em." "And sensational ta-ta's, Ed." "Has she?" "Tell me you noticed the rack, Edward." "I thought she looked quite small, petite actually." He just snorts and shakes his head at me. I really didn't notice what she looked like. I must be shutting down the draw of the anatomy of good-looking chicks. The three of them come straight back out and I hand Tanya one of the lighter boxes to take in. I realize now what Em was talking about, like I must have been fucking blind to miss that swell poking out of the top of the tank top, but it's got me now. I can barely keep my eyes off it. She is petite but taller than I thought. I can't tell what her hair is like because it's twisted up on her head but she's staring at me for some reason and soon I catch on that she's waiting for me to hand her a box to carry in. The smirk on her face tells me she knows I've been checking her out and she responds by running her beautiful brown eyes over me in a full body scan. She seems to like what she sees. "You're Edward, right?" she says, still smirking and tempting me to make a decision about whether there's a bra under that tank top or not. Fucking Emmett – he got me into this state by pointing them out. When I nod stupidly, she turns around and I hear her giggle as she walks inside. I notice the rear end is not bad either. I shake myself out of my funk and look directly into my brother's broad grin. He says to me, "You better be careful you perve because you just watched a shit-storm of trouble walk into that apartment where your girlfriend lives." "Yep, she's got my interest. What girlfriend?" He starts to laugh and says, "I might have to visit you over here and get front row seats for this one. What's your regular night again?" "Wednesdays." I jump in the back of the truck to get the last of the boxes out, wishing I could drag this out a little longer so I can watch her arrive and depart a couple more times. Just one more load is all it takes and Tanya announces the truck has to go back before four - that's where my car is. I'll have to think fast to get myself invited back. I look out the window and see Bella pulling another two huge suitcases and I rush out to help her. At first, she says she's fine, but I insist on helping and she tells me she's lucky that Tanya and Rosalie have everything because all she has are clothes and books. She doesn't offer any more information and now I'm intrigued as to why. I stand around looking at my watch, waiting for one of them to offer me something, but nothing is forthcoming so I say I'm going to drop off the truck. They barely notice as Tanya tries to sort her boxes into the correct rooms, huffing and pushing them around the apartment with her foot. I suppose at least she's doing something constructive now and the arguing has ceased. I give up, call out goodbye and leave when I get no response. Just as I start the truck, Bella comes racing out and asks me if she can join me, telling me she's going to spring for dinner and beers to thank us for our help. At least someone cares. I'm surprised Emmett's still there because I thought he disappeared but she tells me he's asleep on