The Road To Happiness Part I Rated: M This story is set in New Moon. Alice convinces Bella to follow her to Italy to save Edward. They barely landed in Italy, when Bella receives terrible life changing news. Her mother was killed in an car accident. Bella decides to go to Jacksonville immediately, instead of going any further with Alice. She asks Jake for help. Follow our favorite couple as they deal with guilt, grieve, and painful memories. Slowly their friendship turns into more... ~~oOo~~ This story was written for the Tricky Raven 3rd Annual Author/Artist Silent Auction. LuvinJ was our winning bidder. She wanted us to write her a story set in New Moon and here is her story prompt to us: When Bella went with Alice to rescue Edward, Renee was killed in an accident rushing to the airport to come to Forks to look for Bella when she took off to Italy. With immense guilt, Bella flies back, no interfering with Edward, and she cuts off the Cullens. She flies down to Florida to pick up her mom's things and to drive her car and belongings back to Forks. She asks Jake to come with... (life is short. Her mom's death proves it and also life and family matters) and ends with them making love at a hotel the last night outside of Forks with promises of a new life together. LuvinJ, we hope we captured well what you wanted to have in this story, we are truly hoping that we did you justice. Thank you for putting your trust in us! We love ya, girlfriend! This fabulous Banner was created by the ever wonderful and very patient Mist! LuvinJ, we hope you'll love it as much as we do! Also, another thank you to Mist for her great pre-reading and beta skills, your comments were invaluable and appreciated. Hugs! As far as the storyline goes, we adjusted a couple of things we thought would work much better with our storyline: We got rid of imprinting. Imprinting is ridiculous. Bella and Jake's relationship had developed a bit more than in the books. When Alice showed up at Bella's doorstep Jake and Bella had shared a dinner date and there was no almost-kiss in Bella's kitchen, but a real kiss…. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. ~~oOo~~ Jake kicked, slammed and pounded the first thing that came across his way. Guess his bike was history now-as well as a few large trees have seen better days. Looking down at his bloody knuckles for just an instant, he rolled his eyes and continued pounding and cursing in frustration. He just could not believe she had gone off to Italy to save that fucking leech. They had just shared their first real kiss in her kitchen last night. Her tiny body molding into his as she bravely took his mouth, reached her arms around his neck and buried her fists in his hair. Her declaration that she was going to prove to him that she cared very much and that she was going to show him right now, had taking him by surprise but he would have never told her as much. He thought about how their tongues had been dancing with each other's, tasted each other, exploring deeper than he thought they would. Oh, her sighs and sweet moans still fresh in his mind. This was their first experience and it could not have been sweeter. Damn, he knew that they belonged together, he was right for her, they were right for each other. Shit, he wanted to have her forever. It seemed at the time that all his wet dreams of her had come true at last. Shit, he should have known better, he thought, as he continued on his destructive path. Hope, such a big word and look where it had fucking brought him. He was kicking the shit out of his belongings and moping like a fucking loser, while she'd run off to Italy, and right into the fucking vampire kingdom. For what? Stopping a dead tick from becoming even deader? His thoughts turned back to when he had fished her out of the ocean. He had been so frightened he thought he would lose his shit. He could not lose her dammit. This reckless cliff jumping adventure gave her some well needed awareness of her selfishness and she finally started to think about Charlie and what it would have done to him if she had succeeded. Gosh, she sure knew how to piss him off, he thought again. He was so through with Bella, he continued thinking, furious with himself and with her. After everything they'd shared, the very same day she's promised him to stop acting rash and selfish she'd actually gone with this crazy pixy without a second thought. What was he? A damn pushover? Her fucking lap dog that came running wagging his tail as soon she deemed him to be good enough for her? He snorted a sarcastic laughter as he grasped the irony of that thought. This was it! He wasn't going to play along any longer. ~oOo~ The wolf that shared his mind and body grumbled in discontentment. It couldn't comprehend his teenage boy's train of thoughts. Things were that much simpler for the wolf. It knew what it wanted and it knew that the spirits had chosen Isabella Swan for himself. It didn't care if there was a treaty or not. It would have just killed the leech on sight if it were up to him and be done with it. Would have saved them all a lot of trouble. This girl was some trouble, yes, on this the wolf agreed with his human. But then, she was worth it. The wolf had and would never back down from trouble, especially when it came to her. Somehow trouble just heightened the thrill and made them want her even more, like it was with a good hunt, the wolf mused. The boy still had some growing up to do, but mature he would soon enough, he was sure of it. The wolf sensed it, instinctively knew this boy would grow into a proud and strong warrior and Alpha like each of the wolf's warriors before him. So for now the wolf remained silent. ~oOo~ Bella was so nervous she kept biting her nails. Her stomach was clenching just as nervously. Looking out of the window was making everything just worse. It made her aware how she was going further and further away from home, leaving behind a terribly worried father and... Jake . It was awkward sitting beside Alice after all this time, she just now realized that something had changed. Also, Alice had left her as well, not only Edward, and she had acted pretty strange ever since she showed up at Charlie's house. Her eyes had glazed over two hours ago, and Bella had asked her frantically if it was Edward. If they were too late already. She had said no, but Alice still kept staring at her strangely. Alice was weirding Bella out, and they still had one more hour to go until their landing in Firenze. The long flight gave Bella time to think. Too much time to think, because she started to realize that she might have made a huge mistake. This thought had settled into the pit of her stomach and she could not shake it, the further she got away from home the more uncomfortable she felt. How was it her business anyway now to go after Edward and try to save him? He had left her after all. He had told her he didn't love her anymore. She was making a fool out of herself again, and she thought that she was over that now. How did she end up here and how did it happen so fast? One minute she had been kissing Jake, and she had enjoyed it much more than she thought possible. His heat, the softness of his tongue and his taste was intoxicating. She had been ready to finally give them a chance, then the phone rang which Jake had answered and then came Alice telling her that Edward was about to kill himself. Had she lost all of her common sense now? How could she be so stupid agreeing to follow Alice right into Volterra? So yeah, she was still hung up on Edward, clinging to the memories and feelings of her first love. But really? Going there could easily end up with her getting killed and what for? Now that she had time to think she also realized that she should call her father right after they had landed. How could she have run off so quickly without a thought of the people who really loved and cared about her? Charlie would be so worried by now. And her mom, she would need to call her mom too and tell her that she was okay and would come back soon. Jacob. Bella groaned, remembering the look on his face when she drove off. He had been so disappointed, so angry, so... hurt when she had ignored his plea to stay. He had worked so hard trying to help her get better, and she'd simply run off after her ex. She had tossed Jake aside like yesterday's news. Had done no better than Edward to be honest. Way to ruin a friendship, Bella Swan. Guilt was making it hard to breathe all of the sudden. The sinking feeling in her stomach was getting worse, heightening the sense of impending doom. She had acted irrationally and wasn't she just promising Jake yesterday after this terrible cliff jumping scare that she would change? That she was done being selfish and would think about people who truly loved her? No! She couldn't go with Alice. She needed to get back home! She should let Alice do the saving thing. Alice would be faster without her anyway and Edward could read his sister's mind and see that she wasn't dead. No need for her to go- "Bella?" Alice asked imploringly. She touched her hand and looked at her with huge, concerned eyes. Her hand felt unnatural, being that icy cold and hard as stone. "We need to save Edward. You know that, right?" Alice stared at her with what seemed like a commanding and rude fashion. Her unblinking eyes were creepy in a way Bella had never been aware of before. Was spending so much time with Jacob finally rubbing off on her? However, Bella found herself nodding in agreement with Alice's insistence. Yes, it was imperative that they went after Edward and stopped him from killing himself. ~oOo~ As soon as the plane landed, Alice took her arm rather roughly and dragged her to the exit. "We need to hurry Bella. There is no time to wait. Edward needs us," she called out. Bella felt the buzzing of her phone in her Jeans pocket and pulled it out, stopping Alice this time dead in her track. "No, Bella, we don't have time for calls right now," Alice urged her on. Her phone started ringing again and she saw Charlie's number. "I have to take this, Alice! It's Charlie!" Bella insisted, shrugging out of Alice's hold, or rather trying to since Alice held on much too tightly. "You're hurting me, Alice!" Bella hit the answer button while struggling in Alice's hard grip. Alice finally let go of her arm as Bella listened to the news, which changed her world forever. ~oOo~ She sat back on an airplane heading to Jacksonville, hoping, no praying that time was on her side. She had left Alice to her own devices. Saving