Chapter One - Encounters In the time after the destruction of the One Ring, peace slowly returned to Middle-Earth. The people banded together to restore the damages done to their lands. The hearts and minds of Man and the other Races were at peace, accepting the changes brought to their world. All were at peace, that is, except those that had been part of the Fellowship of the Ring. In particular, the mind of Legolas Greenleaf. The Time of the Elves had come and gone, their leaders deciding to journey to the Grey Havens and leave the land for Man to do as it pleased. Yet Legolas wished not to go. He knew that he should go and be with his people, where he belonged, but in his heart he felt the need to stay. The elf sighed, leaning his head back against the bark of the tree he was sitting under. The wind blew in the branches, making a soothing sound. His pale blue eyes watched the limbs of the great tree sway; his blonde hair brushing his face as the breeze lifted their ends. He had spoken to both his father and Elrond concerning the matter, and both had agreed that Legolas should do as he wished, despite the fact that being the only remaining Elf would surely cast him into the shadows of man's anger or even their hatred. Legolas smiled. Man was so strange at times. They could never decide whether they were happy or upset with one thing or another. They had such complex beliefs and ways of life that many elves had refused to have anything to do with them. Yet he knew that remaining behind would be troublesome. If he stayed until the ends of his days, who knew what he would see or how men would react to him then? The Elves do not leave for a few more years , he thought, standing up. He grabbed a low-hanging branch and flipped up into the foliage higher and higher until he was in the very top of the tree, looking out across the landscape of Mirkwood, at the world that was his home. Perhaps there is still time to decide , he thought, his eyes gleaming with determination. "Legolas!" a deep yet aged voice called from the ground below. The Elven prince rose from his place in the tree and jumped down, landing in front of the one calling him. "Yes, Gandalf?" he said as he straightened. The wizard smiled. "Your father has told me that you are troubled, my young friend." Legolas dropped his gaze, feeling embarrassed that Gandalf knew of his dilemma. "Yes, I am troubled," he said, rubbing the back of his neck self-consciously. "I do not know whether I should go with my people to the Grey Havens or stay here." "Stay here?" Gandalf chuckled. "Why would you want to stay?" "There lies the problem," the elf sighed, leaning against the tree. He crossed his arms over his chest and look into the wizard's aged face. "I do not know why, but I feel the need to stay here. It might be that I am just restlessness from being confined in these lands for so long," he motioned to the forest around them, "yet I know it goes deeper than just that. Much deeper." Gandalf nodded. "To choose between the mind and the heart is near impossible and very frustrating, is it not?" "That it is!" laughed Legolas. "I was thinking, though. There is still time before we depart for the Grey Haven, isn't there?" He nodded. "Elrond and I were discussing that. He and I shall be the last to leave, taking Bilbo and Frodo with us. That will be no later than Bilbo's 130th birthday, for we do not think he will live long past that, yet there is the possibility that we shall depart sooner." "Bilbo and Frodo?" questioned Legolas, amazed. "They are coming? Why?" Gandalf bowed his head a bit. "Because they carried the Ring." Legolas nodded slowly, understanding. "His 130th birthday? That is a few years away." "Indeed. Legolas, may I offer some advice?" The Elf nodded, eager to have someone else's input on his predicament. "Then here it is: You say you thought at first that it was restlessness? Then leave Mirkwood. Leave this land and travel the rest of Middle-Earth for the remaining years you have left. Your heart might just be yearning for another adventure." Legolas pondered the White Wizard's words briefly. "There is truth in what you say, Gandalf." He stroked his chin thoughtfully. "I do not deny that I have wished to journey the land once again. This time without such a heavy burden to carry." A faraway expression slipped onto his fair face as he stared through the branches of the tree, to the blue sky. "To have one more adventure..." A smile broke his face, "There, now! I sound much like old Bilbo, don't I?" "Think on it," said Gandalf, patting his friend's shoulder before turning to leave. "Then decide." As he walked away, Gandalf hid a smile behind his thick grizzled beard. To have one more adventure... "Who knows?" he said to himself. "You just might find the adventure that you never thought was possible..." Legolas decided to journey through the lands of Middle-Earth as Gandalf had suggested, promising his father he would either be back before they departed for the Grey Havens or send word that he would remain behind. The day before he left, he went to talk to Gandalf. The wizard had already gone, leaving behind a small package for Legolas that had a note attached to it. It read: Legolas, If you are reading this then you have decided to depart for one last adventure and I am no longer in Mirkwood. To you I leave this: a gift that will aid you in case you come across any trouble that you find yourself unable to get out of. Do not open it or it will not work. Also, you should beware of the Orcs that are still alive and roaming the land. Though master less and driven out of their homelands, they still bare grudges against Elves. Beware of them; do not come into contact with any if you can help it. Gandalf Legolas went, heading for the large areas of land that was not fully inhabited yet. Days past as he continued on his way, stopping only in the dead of night to rest and never interfering with anyone if he could help it. Upon a few occasions he ran into a few surviving groups of Orcs but he managed to avoid being seen by them. It was on such an occasion that his journey took an abrupt change. On the occasion in which he could not avoid a fight with the putrid creatures. He had been walking through the forest on a trail that ran through the middle of it when his keen hearing had picked up the Orcs' noisy trampling through the underbrush. He leapt up into the shelter of a nearby tree, cocking an arrow in his bow just in case. It was not long before a company of ten plus Orcs came into his line of sight. They were shouting among themselves, making wild gestures both down the trail and then back the way they had came. Legolas managed to pick out a couple of words through their rambled sentences. They were looking for someone, someone they had lost some time ago. One of the Orcs stopped, raising his foul head and looking through the trees. Legolas stiffened as the Orc locked eyes with his. Before it could give the warning, Legolas fired his arrow, striking the Orc in the forehead. His cover blown, Legolas dropped from the tree and fired another arrow, taking down another Orc just as they began to charge him. He managed to slay another five before they got within range for their clubs to be of some use to them. He grimaced, knowing he would have to resort to using his long knife if he wanted to get out of this alive. His hand reached for the hilt- A shrill scream filled the air, the source from behind the Orcs. The remaining creatures stopped for some reason Legolas could not fathom and turned to see what it was. Legolas spared a glance. The battered form of a person standing unsteadily on their feet a ways away met him, causing him to stare for a second. The Orcs suddenly roared then dove upon the person. "Look out!" shouted Legolas, already pulling his long knife out of its sheath, driving it into the back of the closest Orc to him. A cracking sound reached his ears and he saw that the person was armed with a whip. The person reared back and snapped their weapon forward, the end wrapping around the neck of one of the Orcs. They pulled back, then snapped it forwards again, sending the Orc crashing into two others. Legolas ran his blade through the throat of another, making himself concentrate on defeating the Orcs. For several moments the two fought the Orcs until they alone stood. Legolas turned his gaze to the person, who swayed on their feet as if dizzy. "Are you all right?" he asked, making his way to them. Their head snapped up, showing dull, hazy red eyes behind thick, tangled sandy-blonde hair. Legolas stepped back, shocked. It was a young woman, he realized. She was clad in a simple gray dress that hung on her thin frame to her knees. Her whip was around her arm to keep from trailing on the ground. As he studied her, he saw that she was covered in cuts and bruises, old as well as fresh. Her skin was ashen and she had the look of one who had been without proper food for a long time. A large gash that ran from her shoulder, crossing her side to her back splashed blood on her clothes. "A-Are you all right?" he asked again. Her eyes narrowed as she studied him, as if wondering what he was. Then, her eyes widened. "ELF!" she screamed, terror in her voice and eyes. She started to back away swiftly, but stumbled, slamming into the ground. "Wait!" he said, running up to her. He laid a hand on her shoulder to help her up. "NO!" she screamed, her whip snapping out and slashing his right cheek open. "Stay away! Stay away!" she shouted, trying to get as far from him as she could. He could see that her legs were not working and she was slowing down, showing she was about to collapse from exhaustion. "I will not harm you," he said gently, trying to calm her down, grimacing when the cut on his cheek flared with pain. "Stay away! Stay away!" she still shouted, then she said something low and raspy, making a sign with her hand before falling against the trunk of a great oak tree in a boneless heap. Legolas let out a frustrated breath. From what he could see of her injuries, she needed medical attention fast. He reached over to pick her up. A whistling sound ran through his ears, making him jerk back from her. Before his shocked eyes, he saw the roots of the tree move out of their place in the ground and formed a barrier between the girl and himself. Just as he was about to draw his blade to cut it down, the branches of the tree sprang out, catching his arms and twisting around them, holding him fast. Some of the branches encircled his neck, leaving just enough room so he could breathe easily. More roots rose up, fastening his feet to the ground. He struggled in vain for the tree's hold was strong and unbreakable. He saw some more roots wrap around his bow and knife, yanking them out of his