A Mighty Gift First off, just want to mention that I'm new to FanFiction and have only ever written for myself. Figured I would try one story and see how it goes...so please be easy on me! I only do this for fun and nothing more. Disclaimer: I don't own anything except my OC elf, Cílon, who I imagine as more or less Legolas' personal body guard, appointed by Thranduil. I have a small backstory for him and if you're interested you can ask me, but otherwise that's perhaps for another time. I envision him to be early 20's in human years and Legolas to be around 6 in human years in this story (my made-up calculation for this is to take human years and multiply by 130 to arrive at elf years...no basis for this, just my own decision). I'm not an expert on LOTR...just a general fan so I won't get everything right (sorry in advance). Essentially this was just a one-shot I couldn't get out of my head and wanted to write down. Elvish Hir-nin = My Lord Ion-nin = My son Ada = Father "What are they like?" Cílon managed to suppress a sigh but couldn't help rolling his eyes at the all too familiar question put to him by his prince. "For the fifth time, your highness, I have personally never seen the Icicle Falls, but I have heard they are beautiful." "And for the fifth time: please , Cílon, enough of this 'your highness' stuff. It's just me—Legolas," the blonde prince sighed with a huff and tilted his head upwards to look at the young man beside him with a smile. "We are friends!" "That is true, but we are not equals. I am Silvan, and you are Sindar. I am a commoner, and you are of the royal family. I am a warrior, and you are still in training," Cílon smirked and glanced down at the young, spritely prince. He managed to get the rise he wanted out of Legolas who bounded in front of the older boy and caused him to stumble to a halt so as to avoid running into him. "While that is true, you know I can best you any day on the archery grounds…and I'm only 712 years old!" Legolas threatened teasingly and crossed his arms. Cílon mirrored his young friend's smirk and crossed his own arms. "Aha, I see. And how is your sword training coming?" A heavy pause hung in the air as the prince tried to come up with a good reply and chewed at his bottom lip. Cílon's smirk deepened, knowing he had cornered his young charge since he knew sword training was not one of the prince's strongest suits…yet, at least. The silence only lasted for a few seconds more before the prince tried a new tactic—diversion. "Are you sure you've never seen the falls?" was all the young elf could come up with, and Cílon laughed, spinning his charge around and pushing him forwards. "At this rate, you're never going to see the falls either ! It's not good to keep your father waiting," urged Cílon and chased after the laughing prince as he skipped down the hall. "You're sure you packed enough for the trip," questioned Thranduil as he briefly reviewed the piece of parchment he held in his hand, skimming through the list of food, drink, and supplies. "Yes, hir-nin. You should have enough for you and Legolas for an entire month if you wish," nodded Galion, clasping his hands in front of him. "You spoil us, Galion," chuckled Thranduil and smiled before handing the list back to his butler. "I appreciate your attentiveness." "It is my pleasure, my king," bowed Galion as Captain Feren slowly brought around the king's horse, already saddled and laden down heavy with supplies. "Although, if I may say, hir-nin, if you and Prince Legolas decide on taking more of these extended vacations I would suggest bringing a second horse. With Legolas growing as quickly as his appetite, you may need more room to bundle more food and drink." Thranduil laughed heartily and couldn't help but agree. "I see your point, Galion. Indeed, I can hardly keep him supplied with a bow fit for him as I swear he grows overnight! Perhaps I shall look into ordering a second horse to carry provisions until Legolas is old enough to manage his own mount." "Ada!" At the youthful cry, Thranduil turned around to look to the front of the stables and beamed as he saw his young son running at full force towards him. "My little green leaf, there you are!" greeted the elven king as his son attached himself to his father's thick cloak and legs. He bent to scoop up his son in his arms and settled him against his hip. "I was beginning to wonder what kept you." "Cílon and I were talking, ada," explained Legolas as he wrapped his arms around his father's neck and began to fuss and play with his hair. "It appears he has never seen the falls either." "Mmm, well perhaps sometime we will have to rectify that," the king assured his son and gave a quick wink to his son's guardian. Cílon smiled shyly. "Couldn't Cílon come with us, ada?" Legolas asked and peered into the king's attentive blue eyes, his request pleading. But the elven king gently shook his head. "Not this time, ion-nin." Before the inevitable question of "why" could be voiced by the elfling, Cílon came to the king's rescue. "Your father has graciously allowed me to return to my family for the winter celebration, Legolas," Cílon gently explained and took the nod from his king as permission to continue. "You recall I mentioned to you that my sister will soon give birth to her first? I wish to be there if possible, and your father was most kind to permit me to take leave." Thranduil nodded again to the soldier's heartfelt thanks. "Ooooooh yes," Legolas remembered and slowly nodded his head once. "I do remember that. Well, don't come back with too many details for I'm not sure I am old enough to hear them." Thranduil, Cílon, Galion, and Feren all laughed aloud at the young prince's comment before the king set his son back on the ground and moved to mount his horse. "We shall return after the second week and in time for the winter festival celebration. I have given Galion all instructions for the party. I shall alert you, Feren, when we begin to make our way back so you may return as well," Thranduil instructed and settled himself into the saddle. "Should you need anything, hir-nin, you know but to call," nodded the captain as he verified the elf horn was strapped securely to the king's horse's side. Feren and his men would be on constant patrol nearby in case the king and his son ran into trouble but far enough away to give both father and son privacy. "Thank you, Feren, though I hope we won't have need to call you," said Thranduil as he lifted his fur cloak's deep hood over his head. "Are you ready, ion-nin?" Feren stepped forward to begin to lift Legolas onto the horse but the prince side-stepped away. "Just a second, ada. I want to show you something I've been practicing," Legolas beamed and bounced lightly on his toes. "I can mount myself!" Cílon hid an amused grin behind his hand. "Oh, can you?" inquired Thranduil, a worried smile tugging at the corners of his mouth, and his eyes flickered over to Cílon as if to ask "Can he?". The energetic prince was known throughout the palace for getting himself into trouble or injured. Never due to willful rebelliousness as the prince was the most obedient young elf all had witnessed, but he had an uncanny knack for pushing boundaries and trying new things. His tendency to leap before looking sometimes landed him into the healer's ward, and Thranduil often had to keep a close eye on his son's newest stunts. "Your father's horse might be too big for you, Legolas," cautioned Cílon but already knew the prince would try his new trick anyway. The young elven warrior stepped forward to spot the prince, just in case. Legolas giggled with glee, eager to show his father what he had been practicing, and stepped up beside the large black stallion, gripping onto the leather girth strap right above his head. The horse, sensing the uncertainty of what was about to unfold, nervously side-stepped to the right three steps until Thranduil calmed him. Legolas tightened his grip and bounced again on his toes, prepping himself. "Watch, ada!" he reminded in case his father had already forgotten. "I'm watching," Thranduil smiled patiently, though he was glad Cílon was nearby to catch his son in case something should go wrong. Legolas gathered his strength, took a deep breath, and then swung himself with all of his might upward towards the saddle, hinging on the girth strap. Had it been a smaller horse, his stunt would have worked, but such as it was, the king's stallion was much taller and broader than the prince had anticipated and he only managed to hook his foot and ankle up around the horn of the saddle, instead of managing to land with his rear in the seat itself. Feeling himself slipping, the prince quickly grasped a full handful of the horse's mane and began to pull himself up the rest of the way. The stallion gave a short cry at the sudden jerk, and Thranduil quickly reached down to wrap a strong hand around his son's slender waist. "I've got it, ada, I've got it. I caaaaaan do it," groaned Legolas as he pulled with all his might to get up onto the saddle. Thranduil bit his lip to stifle a laugh and glanced over his momentarily awkward son to see his captain, his butler, and his son's guardian all fighting to contain their own laughter. The king smiled in good humor as he helped hoist Legolas the rest of the way up. The prince fell back against his father's broad chest and heaved with exhaustion. "Whew! Belroch needs to quit eating so many oats," the prince declared innocently. The offended horse tilted his head to the side to snort with derision at being mistreated. Galion and Cílon could no longer contain their mirth and burst into laughter, leaning against each other to remain upright. Captain Feren merely shook his head and hid his face behind his hand, his shaking shoulders betraying him. Thranduil managed to maintain his calm façade but his grin was wide. "Belroch is one of the largest of his breed, Legolas. But he is rather old and has grown less patient with youthful elflings over the years. Perhaps we should keep you practicing on the younger mares," placated Thranduil who patted his faithful ride's sleek neck. "But that was a very good try." The king warmly wrapped his large fur cloak around his son and gathered the reins. Goodbyes were said and well wishes exchanged as the king and his son rode out on the path into the gently falling snow. "Why are the falls called Icicle Falls, ada?" questioned Legolas. Thranduil looked down into his cloak and saw his young son playing with the thick fur edge between his fingers. "You have seen icicles before on the eaves of the palace so I know you know what those look like, but imagine those much larger and hanging from the edge of a cliff," described Thranduil as he carefully guided Belroch along the elf path. "Like as big as you?" asked Legolas as he rubbed the fur against his cheek to experiment with its softness. "Much bigger than me. Some of the formations of the frozen waterfall are even larger than some of these trees," explained the king and pointed to a large birch nearby. Legolas's