I stood up and brushed sand from my legs, grimacing—as always, there was sand in my shoes and in my shorts as well. Not a pleasant sensation, let me assure you. I hopped out of the pit carefully, trying not to let any more sand in my shoes, and made my way over to my coach, who was with the official. She turned to me with a smile. "Seventeen feet, five inches," she told me. "Nice job, Sky." I forgot the sand in my shorts instantly. "Are you serious?" I demanded. If— if— she were serious, it would mean that I'd broken my record by a good seven inches. Ms. Sanders laughed. "Yes, you monkey. Although you could have done even better if you'd landed on your feet instead of your butt. Even if Abbi doesn't get an amazing score, there's no way anyone can touch you guys. Provided you do decently in the pole vault, of course." With a grin, I turned and headed over to the pole vault pit where Abbi was taking her run-through. From what I'd seen before, there was only one girl who could give Abbi any trouble but her partner sucked. Of course, I wasn't exactly the best pole vaulter that ever lived, either. The best long jumper, maybe...well, no, I'm just kidding. But it's hard to be humble when you've just flown seventeen feet and five inches. Let me back up a little bit. My name is Skyla Conelly and I'm a junior at Carver Academy. My best friend (who also happened to be my cousin), Abigail Fairfax, and I were involved in all sorts of sports but track and field (just field, really—we despise running) was our life. We always did everything together. In fact, when people referred to us, they didn't even bother using our names separately. Somewhere around fifth grade we had become known as Skabbi. Incredibly odd, I know, but the name stuck. On this day, this brutally hot, muggy, humid, nasty day that I was just telling you about, Abbi and I were at the county relays and we were kicking ass. We'd been a team ever since our freshman year and we were unbeatable in the high jump (that's our best event). However, I'm much better at the long jump and triple jump than Abbi is and she routinely kicks my butt at pole vaulting. We both have to do well in order to win. I waited for Abbi to finish and tried not to fidget too much. What can I say? Sitting still when you've got sand in your shorts—obnoxiously short, clinging, tight shorts, I might add—is no mean feat. Plus, said shorts were giving me a wedgie. Abbi finished and strolled over, scratching the back of her neck. "You look like you need to go to the loo," she commented, her light English accent barely noticeable. She'd come from a little town outside of Oxford to live with us after her parents died when we were eight. "I've got sand in my shorts," I said. "But guess what? I just broke my PR by seven inches!" Abbi groaned. "So that means I have to jump how far?" "We'll be fine," I assured her. "As long as you don't do horribly." "That's encouraging," she grumbled, rolling sea-green eyes and flicking a wisp of fine white blond hair out of her face. She's very slim, very pale and almost fragile, my cousin. But she's beautiful in that annoying, glamorous, ice-queen sort of way. She's the type of person that could walk through a mudslide and come out with hair and make up spotless. Me, I'm the type who's hair and make up gets messed up just walking to class. But I'm not bitter or anything, really. I swear. "Oh, come on," I scoffed, poking her arm. "You're not that bad at the long jump." "You should take your run-through now," she told me, glancing back at the pit. "Not just yet," I said uncomfortably. "I actually do need to go to the bathroom." "There is no bathroom." " What ?" "I said, 'there is no bathroom'," Abbi said impatiently. "Honestly, Sky--" "I heard what you said," I replied irritably. "But I really have to go." "We could go in the woods," she suggested, even though she knew how much I hated doing that. Actually, that's probably why she suggested it. I made a face. I really, really had to pee and I was going to go crazy if I didn't get the freaking sand out of my shorts. "Oh, fine," I said grumpily. "Come on, I have tissues in my backpack." "Wimp." "What was that?" "Why, nothing." "I thought so." "Hey! Skabbi, where are you going?" Ms. Sanders called after us. "To pee," I called back, not particularly caring who heard. We hopped the fence and made our way through the woods until the track was out of sight. Even then, I kept going. "Sky, no one can see here." "I'm paranoid." "You most certainly are," Abbi replied with a sniff. After a few minutes of walking, I found a likely looking place surrounded by boulders. Abbi shook her head and turned to walk back out. "Make sure no one comes in here," I warned her. "I wouldn't dream of it." I finished my business and came out of the circle of stones to find Abbi staring around with a very suspicious, very worried look on her face. "You know, you don't have to take guard duty quite that seriously," I told her. "I'm not," she snapped. "Whoa," I said, taken aback. "What's wrong?" "Look around," she replied. "These aren't the same woods." "What do you mean?" I asked with a frown. "Of course they're the same—oh. They aren't, are they?" She was right. These woods were darker and the trees were much bigger and almost menacing. I noticed that the day was considerably cooler as well. In fact, it was downright chilly. This didn't make any sense. "Should we try going into the stone circle again?" I suggested. Abbi shook her head. "Look behind you." I did as she suggested and felt my jaw drop open. The stone circle was gone. "Well, that's not good." Abbi slanted me a glance. "To say the least." "So...what should we do?" "I'm not sure," she admitted, looking worried. Abbi hates not knowing what to do. Almost as much as I hate peeing in the woods. "Let's try walking back toward the track," I said tentatively, knowing how lame it sounded. Abbi scowled and looked at me like I was crazy. "Well, it's not as if we have anything better to do," I said defensively. Abbi considered, then sighed. "I guess you're right." "So...we walk." "We walk," my cousin agreed. A few minutes passed. "I suppose we should start walking, shouldn't we?" Abbi said with a nervous giggle. "I guess so," I replied, smiling shakily. So we walked. And walked. And just for a little change of pace, we walked some more. After a while, I began to get thirsty. Luckily, I remembered that I had my water bottle in my bag. Un luckily, it was empty. "Damn," I muttered. "What's wrong? Besides the obvious," Abbi added as an after thought. "My water bottle's empty," I said with a sigh. Suddenly Abbi stopped and smacked her head. "Sky, is your cell phone in your bag?" "Oh, duh!" I quickly reached into my backpack and pulled out my phone. When I flipped it open, however, my face fell. "No signal." "Rats," Abbi said, sitting down. "This sucks." "Sucks big sweaty monkey balls," I agreed. "That's disgusting," Abbi said, squinching her eyes closed. "But appropriate," I said with a shrug. Settling myself beside her, I glanced at the sky. "It's getting dark." "And cold," Abbi replied, hugging herself. "D'you think we should stop?" I asked uncertainly. "Yeah...I suppose so," she said. "Let's have a look at what you have in your bag before it gets too dark to see." I opened my bag and started taking things out one by one. "Okay...warm-ups, flute, piccolo, chemistry book, notebook, toothbrush--" "Why do you have a toothbrush?" Abbi asked curiously. "Didn't have time this morning," I answered, and continued my inventory. "Calculator, pens, pencil, stupid cell phone that doesn't work...ooh, look, I didn't eat all of my lunch today." "What's left?" Abbi asked eagerly. "A pear, half a sandwich, and a brownie," I said, laying out our little feast. We split everything and then sat there, not sure what to do. Suddenly something fell out of my bag with a small clink. I picked it up and then grinned excitedly. "What is that?" Abbi demanded, snatching it out of my hand. "Skyla Connelly, why do you have a lighter in your backpack?" I could feel myself blushing. "I stole it from Danny so he wouldn't be able to smoke." Abbi looked blankly at me for a moment, then grinned. "I knew it! You do have a crush on him!" "I do not," I retorted indignantly. "I just think it's disgusting that he smokes. No one should, least of all an athlete. Especially the best athlete in the school." Abbi smirked knowingly. "Yeah, alright, you don't have a crush on 'the best athlete in the school'." "Damn you," I muttered. "Let's just make a fire, okay?" "Alright," Abbi agreed, still smirking, and helped me gather fire wood. "I don't have a crush on him, you know." "I know." "He's just a good athlete, that's all." "That's true." "It's not as if he'd ever look at me, anyway." "Very true." I stopped and glared at her. "You're supposed to disagree. To that part at least." "Danny goes for blond and ditzy," Abbi retorted. "And anyway, he's dating a freshman. A cheerleader, I think." "That won't last," I muttered mutinously. "And I'm blond. "You're not ditzy," Abbie pointed out. "Moronic at times, but not ditzy. And your hair has red highlights." "Thanks," I said sardonically, and dumped my load of firewood inside the small circle of rocks. "D'you think it'll work?" "I don't know," Abbi said. "Here, give me the lighter." I handed it over and snickered as she tried to get it to work. When it finally lit, she held it under a branch and waited for it to light. It didn't. "Um, Abbi?" "What?" "The woods all wet." "No, it's not..." she felt it again. "Bloody hell." "I agree wholeheartedly," I said with a sigh. I hadn't even noticed while we were discussing my lack of a crush on Danny. "So what do we do now?" She demanded, glaring at the offending pile of wood. "Um, sleep?" I yawned, and shivered. I tossed my warm up pants to Abbi and pulled on the top. Without speaking, we lay down next to each other and closed our eyes. After about an hour I rolled onto my back with a sigh. "Abbi, you awake?" I whispered. "Yeah." I hesitated and then asked the question we had been avoiding all day. "Where are we?" "I've no idea." "But--" Abbi sat up and looked down at me. "Look, I don't know. There's no way we can know. Nothing makes sense anymore." I opened my mouth again. Something was moving around in the forest. "And, before you ask, I don't know what to do." "I was not going to ask what to do, Miss Priss," I snapped. "Something's out there." Abbi blinked. "What?" "Something," I whispered slowly. "Is moving around nearby. Listen." "Should we run?" she whispered back. "Not yet," I replied softly. "We don't know what it is. It might not even know we're here." We waited in tense silence for a few minutes as the sounds came closer. It was coming from the same direction we had come from. I picked up my backpack and carefully pulled it on. Soon I could make out a shape in the trees. It seemed to be shaped like a human, but something