apology (n), from the Greek apologia: an oration or dissertation in defence, justification or explanation of a cause or doctrine The Apology of Elrond The hard spring rains were peppering the valley with the fragrance of new growth. Sitting at his table beneath the open window, Elrond Peredhil was drinking in the sweet, cleansing air and taking solace in the gentle sound of the falling water. He was occupied in composing a letter to be taken to Círdan at the Grey Havens, and he was having difficulty expressing himself – a most unusual state of affairs. Lately it seemed he was distracted. Old memories were haunting him; recollections of days long ago and people lost to the years like great trees felled by a mighty storm. Great heroes, many of them: still songs were sung of their deeds, even among Men, but to Elrond they were the people he had known, the people he had loved, the people he had lost. Celebrían, from whom he was sundered until that unforeseeable day when the Shadow might be overthrown and rest might come at last to those caught inexorably in its web. Gil-galad his liege-lord and dear friend, and with him Elendil the Tall – Elendil the Politic, Elendil the Wry, Elendil who had delighted in Elven song and the laughter of children and a choice riddle by the campfire. Elros his brother, Elwing his mother, and the weary, sorrowful, yet kind face of the one who had sheltered him in his childhood and brought him safely through its many perils. It was this bittersweet nostalgia that drove him to write to Círdan. Oldest and most wise of the Firstborn yet left in Middle-earth, the Shipwright would understand the fey mood that seized him, and he would offer some token of comfort. For the first time in many years, Elrond wished that his old teacher, his dear comrade-in-arms, his trusted friend was not so far away... A soft sound from behind alerted him that he was no longer alone in his study. It was generally understood that when he was occupied in this room he was to be left in peace, and it had been a number of years since last the person standing in his doorway now had broken that unspoken rule. Elrond set down his quill and folded his hands before him. 'Good morning, Estel,' he said without turning. 'Good morning,' the boy said softly. 'I hope I did not disturb you.' 'You did not,' Elrond said, still facing forward. He was waiting for the boy to come further into the room now that the invitation was clearly implied, but Estel did not move. 'How can I help you today?' 'Master Elrond...' Estel ventured haltingly, faltering over the unfamiliar honorific. Now Elrond turned in his chair, one arm slipping up onto its back as he fixed pensive eyes upon the youth. Estel was newly fourteen years of age: tall and fair. He wore his hair long, and today it was smoothed over his head and plaited into a thick tail behind. He was dressed for swordplay in a short blue cote, wine-coloured hose and low, sturdy boots. He had probably awakened this morning and prepared for a lesson that could not be held because of the rain. His handsome young face was very grave, and there was some powerful emotion behind his keen grey eyes. 'You have never addressed me thus,' Elrond said. 'What is amiss?' The boy hesitated. 'I was talking to Erestor,' he said carefully. 'I asked him a question that he could not answer.' 'That must have been an extraordinarily difficult question,' remarked Elrond, smiling in the hope that his son might respond favourably. 'I have seldom known Erestor to be at a loss for an answer.' 'He said if I wanted to know such things I should speak to you.' There was a beat of silence. 'I see,' said the Elf-lord. He rose sedately and moved towards the two armchairs set by the fire in an alcove full of books. 'Perhaps we should sit.' Finally Estel moved from the door. He edged forward, and when Elrond held out his hand to touch the boy's arm, Estel shrunk away. Puzzled, the master of the house sat and waited while his ward did the same. Estel gripped the seat-cushion next to either thigh, tense and watchful. 'Now, then, what is this complex question that was beyond Erestor's scope to answer?' Elrond asked gently. He felt that he likely knew what the response would be, but it would never do to get ahead of himself. Sometimes working up the courage to ask a question was every bit as important as resolving it. Estel drew in a deep, steeling breath. 'You are not my father,' he said. There was almost an accusation in his voice, and his eyes were narrowed threateningly. 'That is true,' said Elrond. 'As you have known since you were old enough to comprehend the meaning of the words, I am not your father. I did not lie with your mother, nor was it my seed that gave you life.' The query came out without any further preamble. 'Who is my father?' It was inevitable. For years Elrond had been expecting this confrontation, when the question asked occasionally in curiosity would come forth in obdurate anger. Sooner or later, Elrond had known that pleasant domestic arrangement that had developed over the years would no longer satisfy the boy, and he would demand to know the truth. There was just one problem: Estel was not ready to hear that truth. Long ago Elrond had decided that his heritage could not be revealed to him until he reached manhood, and by the reckoning of the Dúnedain he was yet eleven years short of the age of majority. Still, the boy deserved some answer, even if it could not be complete. 'Your father was a strong and valiant man,' Elrond said. 'He was a dear friend to Elladan and Elrohir, and a worthy husband to your mother. He loved you very much.' 'What was his name?' asked Estel. His whole body was fraught with tension, and the rigidity of his brows communicated a brooding anger. The Elf-lord shook his head. 'That is not important.' 'It is important to me!' The exclamation came out sharply. Catching himself, Estel schooled his features and repeated with more restraint; 'It is important to me.' Now was the place in the conversation where it was appropriate to tell him that when he was older there would be time enough to give these answers – but something slew the words upon Elrond's tongue. It struck him that this was not the question that was truly preying on the youth's mind. Something else was haunting Estel, something much more troubling than the name of a father he had never known. 'Estel,' he said softly, catching and holding the boy's eyes with his own. 'What did you come here to ask?' 'Who is my father...' Estel faltered. Elrond said nothing, but maintained his level gaze. 'W-why did you take me into your house?' This was not the real question, either, but it was nearer the mark. In any case, it was simple to answer. 'I took you into my house because you and your mother needed shelter and protection. Imladris is a refuge for the wayworn and the weary, a place of healing for those the world has wounded. You both had need of this haven.' Estel opened his mouth to make a hasty reply, but then closed it again. For a moment he was silent, and Elrond waited patiently while he processed what had been said. 'Why did you allow me to call you father?' he asked. Nearer still, Elrond thought. 'It was not my decision,' he said truthfully. 'You were two years of age when you came to my house. At that time you understood only Westron and a little Sindarin, such as your mother had used in your old home. You were very fond of Elladan and Elrohir—' 'I am still very fond of Elladan and Elrohir,' the boy interrupted. He coloured a little. 'I am sorry...' 'Never be sorry to speak the truth,' Elrond said. 'My sons had made a great impression upon you, and you admired them greatly. When you heard how they addressed me, you did the same, not knowing what the word meant because you had not yet had occasion to learn Quenya.' 'Atarinya...' murmured Estel. 'My father.' 'Indeed,' Elrond affirmed softly. 'As time passed, and you and I learned to love one another, the name seemed ever more suitable and I did not wish you to cease its use. You did not appear to wish it either, until today.' 'I did not...' Estel whispered. His hands were clasped in his lap now, and he stared down at them. 'Master, I do not understand. Why do you love me?' Ah, thought Elrond. Here it was. This was the question that was plaguing Estel's mind. This was the important question. It was also the hardest to answer. 'Tell me, Estel,' he said thoughtfully. 'Do you love your mother?' 'Yes,' the boy answered. 'Of course you do. Because she nourished you inside of her for nine long months, and she endured the birth-pains so that you might have life, and she has protected and treasured you from the moment you first started to grow within her womb. It is natural and right that you should love your mother. Are we in agreement?' 'Yes...' 'Now, tell me why your mother loves you.' 'I... I do not know...' the youth said, sounding surprised. 'Think about it,' Elrond prompted gently, as if he were presenting a particularly complicated question of logic. Estel pursed his lips. 'I think...' he said; 'I think she loves me because I am a part of her. She loves me because I am something that she created. Something that was created out of...' He seemed at a loss for words, and he looked imploringly at his guardian. 'Out of the love she shared with your father?' the Elf-lord offered. Estel nodded. 'That is a very wise answer,' Elrond told him. 'But that is different,' Estel said. 'I am part of her. I am not a part of you. How can you love me?' 'Do we always love only those who are a part of us?' Elrond inquired. 'What of Elladan and Elrohir. You have said you are fond of them... do you love them?' 'Yes,' said Estel. 'That is... yes. Yes, I love them. They have been very kind to me.' 'I see. And do they love you?' 'I think so...' There was a note of uncertainty in the boy's voice. 'But perhaps they are only kind.' 'I do not believe that,' said Elrond. 'They love you well. But let us think together. Who else do you love?' 'Erestor,' Estel said without hesitation. The answer seemed to surprise him. Elrond smiled. 'Indeed? Did you always love Erestor?' 'I did not always know him,' Estel equivocated. 'When I was young he was very high and remote, and I had no dealings with him.' 'It was only after you started your lessons in language and in lore that you began to associated with him,' agreed Elrond. 'And at first?' 'At first I was afraid of him,' Estel admitted. 'He seemed very stern. But as I grew to know him I grew to love him. He is very wise and his heart is gentle, and he often makes me laugh with his dry words.' 'You learned to love him,' Elrond said; 'because you had close contact with him. Familiarity revealed to you things about him that allowed you to love him.' 'Yes,' Estel breathed, soft wonder in his voice. 'Yes, that is it. I learned to love him.' 'Now tell me, do you think Erestor loves you?' Estel considered this carefully. 'Yes,' he said at last. 'Yes, I think that he, too, has learned to