Appendix A: Grace Unlooked-For When word came that the Elven-King's son sought folk of the Greenwood to join him in the White City of Minas Anor, the first to step forward was Losfaron, Captain of the Guard. He had done so in eagerness, for it was a unique and exciting opportunity to behold a city of Men. More still, he wished to look upon King Elessar in his triumph, for he had known him in his long labours before. No monarch could have done more to earn his throne, nor to warrant the love and admiration of his people. Sitting astride Moroch with the great walls of the city before him, Losfaron repented of his hastiness. The journey had passed in pleasurable days and peaceable nights, the convoy of fair folk making steady progress through lands left empty by the retreat of the Enemy's thralls in the wake of his defeat. There had been nothing to regret then, save perhaps that his duty to secure the home front had kept him from the great battle that King Thranduil had waged against the monstrous inhabitants of Dol Guldur. Now, however, as he drew near the great gates where scaffolding had been erected that dwarven masons might ply their arts, Losfaron felt a cold knot in the pit of his stomach. He had parted from Aragorn son of Arathorn on the best of terms, speaking as one soldier to another about the care of a most unpleasant captive. On that occasion Losfaron had given the Ranger who now was King the use of Moroch's steadfast legs on his journey to Imladris. He had been most graciously and earnestly thanked, and the two Captains had taken their leave in camaraderie and shared respect. When Moroch had returned to him in the company of the servants of Elrond Half-Elven, she had borne with her a letter from Lord Aragorn. It gave a warm account of the mare's deportment on the trail and her essential contributions to his safe crossing of the mountains. All this had left Losfaron in perfect amity with he who ruled this great stone city, and it should have been a joyous thing to see Elessar in his splendour. Yet all that was now in doubt in Losfaron's mind. However gracious the King, and whatever the regard that had been between them before, there was something more to consider now. For Losfaron had betrayed his word and the charge laid upon him on their parting. He had vowed to safeguard the prisoner entrusted to him, to treat him kindly but with ceaseless vigilance, and in the end he had failed. Despite his care and his noblest intentions, the creature called Gollum had escaped. It had taken many months for the stern security practices of the Guard to lapse. Losfaron had done his utmost to uphold each condition of the pact made long before the pitiful thing's capture. He had kept two guards upon the cell at all times, and enforced the measure of ensuring neither the cell door nor that of the guard room was open at the same time as the other. And he had repeatedly reminded himself and those beneath his command that the tiny, withered captive was far more sly and far more dangerous than his appearance would suggest. Yet he and all the others, including Legolas the King's son himself, had also wished to obey the decree Mithrandir had given: to hope for Gollum's healing and to treat him gently. It had been at the end of the winter – milder than the one that had gone before, but still dreary enough – that they had ventured at last to take Gollum from his cell. Left in the gloom it seemed there would never be a chance of any cure, for it was too easy for the creature to lapse into his black mutterings and evil thoughts. So on one fair spring evening, Losfaron and the King's son, and a trusted guard had brought him forth from the Elvenking's gates. They had let him walk among them, untethered but at every moment surrounded, and he had seemed to enjoy the diversion. For days afterwards he was more genial with his guards and seemed to take more pleasure in his meals. The result had been both surprising and encouraging. So when the weather was fair, an escort would go out with Gollum into the forest. He was obedient and well-behaved, going where he was told and coming when he was commanded. He took to a particular tree, tall and broad-boughed, that stood apart in a clearing of its own. They would allow him to climb it, and always he would come down again when he was told to do so. Again and again such outings went without incident, and all of them – Legolas and Losfaron as much as any beneath their command – grew to believe that Gandalf's words were true: that Gollum was indeed beginning to be rid of the malice and wickedness he had harboured so long. How Losfaron now wished that he had heeded more closely the words of Aragorn as well as those of the wizard! For on one moonless night, when he was himself not on active duty, Gollum had clambered up his tree and refused to come down again. Upon that night Losfaron had been resting in his chamber when the alarm was raised: unlooked-for a band of orcs had come upon the King's lands. He had mustered his soldiers to arms and led the charge of swordsmen while the King's son had command of the archers. The Elves were outnumbered and taken unawares, but the orcs were poorly disciplined and unaccustomed to the terrain. They had at last been driven back, after a long and bloody night. Then it had come time for the folk of Thranduil to take stock of their losses. A few had been slain and many wounded in repelling the onslaught. Losfaron himself had been nicked by the blade of a falling foe, though he took no grievous hurt. But the worst loss of all was found at the foot of the lonely pine. All Gollum's guard had been cut down or captured, and the wretch himself was gone. The efforts of the woodland hunters had availed but little: they found his tracks among those of the retreating orcs, but these swiftly led south towards the dread fortress of Dol Guldur and the trail was lost. Before the fall of the Enemy, those lands had been impassible and far too deadly to hazard even for the sake of honouring a promise. Losfaron and his search party had ventured further than any other, but in the end they too had been forced to turn back. Further loss of life would have weighed upon the Captain's conscience still more than his failure. There had been no choice. To Legolas had fallen the grim duty of travelling to Rivendell with news of Gollum's escape. When Noldorin riders had come instead of the returning emissary, there had been whispers that the tidings had not been received with grace – of old the Noldor had thought little of the Silvan peoples, and old bitterness lingered yet in some hearts. Losfaron had yet been in the King's confidence, for his valour and strategy in the battle had been beyond reproach and the nature of the escape was such that it could not well have been foreseen. So he had swiftly learned that Thranduil's son had departed Rivendell on some errand of great import and secrecy, in the company of Mithrandir and Lord Aragorn and a number of others unnamed by the messengers. No more had the folk of Mirkwood learned of the fate of the King's son for many months. Even at the height of the assaults upon their borders and the battles around Dol Guldur they had known nothing of his errand or what might have befallen him. Some despaired of his return, but Thranduil never did. He believed to the last that his son would come through the darkness unscathed. And so it had proved. News had come first out of Lórien from the Lady Galadriel herself, and then from the South: the Enemy was cast down and his power utterly unmade. The world was free of the Shadow, and Elendil's Heir had returned to take the throne of Gondor and the kingship of the fractured North. With all the rest Losfaron had rejoiced in the downfall of Sauron, but he more than most had cherished word of Aragorn's ascension. Now, riding through the winding streets that made their way through many gates to the Citadel of Minas Anor, Losfaron was sick with dread. At the head of the procession rode Legolas, who had come out to greet his people. He was bringing them now before the King, and Losfaron would have to face at last the noble and courageous man whom he had so grievously failed. Just below the Seventh Gate the travellers halted. Here grooms and stable-boys waited to take the horses. Losfaron dismounted, but did not yield Moroch's reins nor permit anyone to untie the tether affixed to her saddle. Beside her mother stood a gawky yearling, dark and delicate of bone and yet unnamed. There had been no question of separating Moroch from her filly, and only the greatest need would have led Losfaron to leave his beloved steed behind while he embarked upon a mission that was like to last for years. The pace of the journey had not been too much for the youngling, and she nuzzled now against her mother's flank. Moroch nickered lovingly and turned so that their noses might meet. Legolas had come back from the head of the column, a puzzled frown upon his fair face. 'Why do you hesitate, Captain?' he asked. 'The horse-wardens of Gondor are skilled, and there are those among their number who have come to us from Rohan where reigns Éomer King, with whom I stood in battle. There are no better guardians for your fair one and her foal: you need not fear.' 'All the same, I shall see them stabled myself,' said Losfaron. The hope he had held in his heart when first he decided to come, yearling and all, now seemed impossible. He did not know how he might look King Elessar in the eyes, much less speak to him of matters that should be between friends. 'Moroch trusts me as she trusts no other: it is best that I tend to her little one.' Legolas shook his head, bewildered. 'Surely you can see that she understands,' he said. 'I have never known Moroch to refuse you anything. Tales are still told of how you coaxed her to carry the wretch Gollum when first he was brought to our halls.' There was commotion all around them. Folk of the Sixth Level had drawn near to look upon the visitors, still curious about Elvenkind despite the hosts that had come in the company of the daughter of Elrond, now their Queen. The grooms were leading the horses, while many of the Wood-Elves laughed and chattered amongst themselves. Further ahead, by the gate itself, the sable-clad Guards were conferring hurriedly. Losfaron scarcely comprehended any of this, for his own discomfort was too great. 'What is it?' asked Legolas, drawing nearer and lowering his voice as one might when speaking to a friend in great pain. 'What ails you, Losfaron? You blench as if with fear.' Losfaron swallowed, berating himself. A thousand years he had walked the earth, and still he could not speak the truths that weighed upon his heart. He shook his head, wordless, and now Moroch was turning to him instead of the filly. She whinnied a low question, wondering what was amiss with her master. Losfaron stroked her nose and bowed his head to it as he hushed her. The foal, overwhelmed by the noise and disorder, tucked her head into