Elrond's words are taken from "The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen", Appendix B, The Return of the King : J.R.R. Tolkien. " Less thanks have we than you. Travellers scowl at us, and countrymen give us scornful names… Yet we would not have it otherwise." – Aragorn, "The Council of Elrond", The Fellowship of the Ring : J.R.R. Tolkien. An Honest Crust The young man sat with his legs drawn up and his ankles crossed, forearms planted heavily on upraised knees. His wrists lapped loosely over one another, and his head hung between his elbows, matted dark hair falling to shade his eyes. The noontide sun was baking down across his shoulders. It was high summer, high and dry and hot, and in these windswept hills there was no shade to be had. Pearls of perspiration trickled into his brows and down the back of his neck. He had unlaced his cote to the base of the breastbone, and beneath it his well-made linen shirt was plastered to his body with sweat. Sweat and blood, likely enough, for the right sleeve and front quarter of his tunic were stiff with it, their rusty green cloth stained black and foul. It was not his blood, and he supposed that ought to be counted a blessing, but it stank and the skin beneath itched terribly. He had wiped his hands in the coarse, sunbaked wild grass and scraped the worst of the spatter from his face, but there had been little to be done about the cote. He had given away his spare in the spring, to a fellow wanderer who had lost the greater part of his own garment to a deadfall choked with brambles. He had been tracking the wolves for six days, wending a winding path through the farm-country even to the very skirts of Chetwood. He had fist caught wind of the pair in Archet, loitering about the market square as he listened for news. Ordinarily the tavern was the place to do that, but coin too he had been without since the cold spring rains, and he had learned very swiftly that while a Ranger's money might be good in Bree-land, his reputation never was. Without custom, he would not have been welcome in The Ram and Thistle . After that it had not been hard to follow the trail. The animals were bold, and everywhere he followed he had found rumours of maulings. They had killed six sheep belonging to one cotholder, maiming another. Someone else had lost a calf. Still another had a friend whose herd-dog had been torn to pieces. The great fear had been that the creatures were mad: in summer's deepest heat such things were always a risk. He did not now think that had been the case, which was fortunate. He had watched the creatures keenly as he had fought them off, alert for any signs of poor coordination, paralysis or clumsiness, and he had seen none at all. They had both moved with a swift and deadly grace that was as beautiful as it was terrible. And after death he had examined their mouths, finding only thin strings of spittle between the rear teeth and a crusting of blood from their last meal – not Ranger-meat after all – along their gums. No froth of madness was there to be found. That too he ought to have taken as a blessing, for one of them had raked a great grazing wound into the back of his left calf which he had bandaged neatly before breaking camp, but the alternative was still more unsettling. If the two had not been rabid, they were taken with some malign will that drove them from shyness to boldness. Their coats had been coarse and heavy: too coarse for these lands so late in the year. They had come out of the North, doubtless from places still tainted by the memory of Angmar. And where there had been two there might be more. Their behaviour was almost inexplicable otherwise, for their audacity had gone far beyond stock-worrying. They had doubled back on their trail to assault a Man – not an especially doughty Man, to be true: not even one fully grown. But ordinary wolves simply did not behave thus. The youth sighed softly, the muscles of his chest shuddering with the effort. Waking suddenly into battle, he had deported himself well enough. But when the fever of war had ebbed it had taken the vitality of his limbs with it and left him unsteady and quaking. The worst of that had subsided, but the other symptoms lingered. The copper taste of combat was still thick on his tongue, and the fatigue was slow to pass. Worse was the lightheadedness, aggravated by thirst and the fact that he had foolishly allowed his store of food to become depleted to nothing: he had eaten his last hunk of stale bread the afternoon before last, and had had neither the time nor the fortune for foraging since. It was the giddiness that had stopped him on the trail, folding swiftly into this low pose before he could give into it and fall. The heat, the hunger, and his morning's desperate exertions had gotten the best of him. He was ashamed of his failing: it seemed only further proof of his inexperience and undeveloped instincts. True, he was still new to this life. By the reckoning of his people he was not yet even of age and so too young to be labouring in the Wild alone. But wiser heads than his had deemed him ready, and these last three years he had striven to prove their judgment sound. This very patrol had been one such gesture of confidence: his first lone foray in inhabited lands, where one had not only to contend with the dangers of the open roads but also keep from drawing undue notice to one's efforts. It was hard not to see his present incapacity as a failure. Yet it was only a failure if he did not overcome it, he thought. With a dry swallow that pained the back of his throat and did nothing to relieve the sourness in his mouth, he raised his head and rolled it, stretching the sinews of his neck as he squinted in the sunlight. His coarse straw hat had been a casualty of the skirmish, for one of the wolves had landed full upon it in its dying and had left it soaked through with gore. That was somehow the most irksome part of the whole sorry affair, for it seemed so senselessly misfortunate. With his left hand, the cleaner of the two, he raked his dark hair back from his eyes and let the sun beat across his proud cheeks for a moment. Then he shook his head to let the wild curtain fall back again and got to his feet with a nimble grace that owed more to his youth than his present fitness to go on. Hitching one strap of his pack, weighed down by the cloak he could not bear to wear in this heat, higher onto his shoulder, Aragorn son of Arathorn resumed his road. lar It had been his grandfather who had made the decision that this patrol was to be his own. Dírhael had been a mighty lieutenant of the Dúnedain for many decades, and in the dark years between the death of Aragorn's father and his own return to his people Dírhael had fulfilled all the functions of Captain with quiet fortitude. There had been no question of succession when Aragorn came back to his people: he was the Chieftain they had waited for, knowing or unknowing as their nearness or distance from events allowed. He had been afforded a respect and affection that he was not too young to realize he had not earned. There had been no friction between the titleless leader and the titled, and Dírhael had been gladdest of all to welcome him. But Aragorn knew his own greenness, and he had been well taught by the wisest of teachers. He knew that no Captain, no Lord, was truly great if he could not listen to his advisors. And so, though it was the Chieftain who had the final word in all strategic matters in the field, it was still Dírhael with whom most judgments still originated. So Aragorn had come southward when the camp in northern Chetwood had broken, alone and eager. Within four days he had been on the trail of the wolves. Now he was ill-supplied and trudging through empty country. He had misremembered this corner of Bree-land, and had expected that by coming down out of the hills he would find cultivated country – likely with a stream he could put to use or a well of which he might avail himself after a courteous word to the owner. Instead he found soil too stony to plough and scrub grass too sparse for grazing. He had drunk the last of his water at midmorning, two hours before the spell of dizziness that had overcome him so suddenly. Now he was making for the dark mass upon the horizon that just in the last quarter of an hour had begun to resolve itself into distinct buildings: the little hamlet of Combe. There he expected to obtain victuals and water, and hopefully enough of the latter that he might wash as well as slake his searing thirst. He had learned to endure the grime of the wild, but there were times such as this when his state passed beyond that endurance. His hair was slick with grease and many days' perspiration, and the scalp beneath it itched. His clothing had the pong of shed skin and stale sweat, and his toes in their linen wrappings were slick and slimy when they shifted in his boots. If he pushed up a sleeve to chafe his arm, he raised grains of dead skin that wanted to be rinsed away, and his body linen was foul. Yet it was the slaughterhouse smell of the wolf-blood that was worst of all. It rose from his clothes, from his nail-beds, and from the very flesh of his face in hot waves, metallic and sickeningly sweet. Perhaps it was only his imagination, but he thought he was starting to catch the still fouler reek of rot. Aragorn had grown up among Elves, washing morning and night and bathing as often as he wished and never less than twice a week. A few short years were not enough to inure him to filth. He quickened his pace although this did nothing to improve the lingering giddiness between his temples. His gored leg smarted, but the hurt was not deep enough to slow him now. He had good hope of relief from his myriad discomforts when he came to Combe. Whatever his other shortcomings, he had done good work for the folk of Bree-land today. They could not grudge him relief from his miseries, and it was with hope in his heart and mounting good cheer that he reached the edge of the village. The first small cottages were battened tight against the heat of the day, their occupants apparently abroad at one chore or another. Aragorn saw no well in any dooryard among them, but he did not find that disheartening. He could not remember the lay of Combe, but reason told him there must be some communal source of water farther in. He would still do better with a private well, if he hoped to wash as he yearned to: he had no wish to make a spectacle of himself. So he kept his eyes open for a likely home. He came upon what he sought a little farther ahead. It was a neat stone house, two storeys high with doors and windows painted a cheerful blue. There was a little stone stable beside it, and both were