Note: Since Our Hero is trying to learn Rohirric, it is not written in Old English. Instead, what words he understands are noted in italics. The others are replaced by dashes, much as the mind tends to glaze over unfamiliar combinations of sounds before one breaks through the immersion barrier. (This is also necessary because none of the Old English lexicons I have at my disposal contain the word for the main plot-driving element in the story. Gee, I wonder why.) The Devilry of Edoras Part One: A Coarse New Life Thorongil – for it was best to start thinking of himself by that name as soon as possible – hugged his hoodless wool cloak about his shoulders and picked up his sodden boots. They were short and hard-soled, and they fitted him poorly; so unlike the supple leather sheaths of Elven make that guarded him up to the knee and sat like a second skin over feet and calves. These he had stowed away in the bottom of the narrow chest he had been assigned, with the rest of his scant personal possessions. They were too unlike anything commonly worn in this land, and he was conspicuous enough as it was. He reached over the edge of the wooden walkway that ran under the long eave that covered the porch of the barracks-lodge, and shook the stubby boots one last time. A fresh shower of water rained down from them, and the smell of cheap wet leather was strong. They would never dry by morning, but he supposed that did not matter: he would be going right back into the water anyhow. He glanced at the graduated clothes-rails over which the soldiers' garments had been slung to dry in the cold late-winter wind. They were all identical: tunics of coarse worsted in an inexpensive mossy green, trousers in sheep's-colour twill. Like the boots, they fit few men well but most at least serviceably. From the tallest rail were hung the strips of cloth that they wore wrapped around their lower legs for warmth and protection. Winingas , these were called: it was one of the pitiful handful of words that were all Thorongil had managed to learn of the language of Rohan. He was shivering ferociously, and his bare toes curled against the cold boards. He glanced about the barracks-yard once more. The éored's skinny pageboy was bailing out the big wooden trough that served as a tub, sloshing the dark and dirty water of four and a half dozen bathers into the gutter that ran beneath the wall. He had his eyes on his work, and Thorongil was thankful. It was a wearisome thing to be stared at wherever one went. Wearisome and unsettling for one who had grown used to passing largely unnoticed in his own lands. He hitched his cloak closer and went around to the door that led into the lodge. The long room was smoky and aglow with the torches set in brackets on each of the tall supporting shafts that held up the ridgepole. Their light did not reach that high: it faded away halfway up the underside of the thatching. But it did keep most of the floor illuminated, and down the centre where the trestle tables were set end-to-end it was cheeringly bright. There were two sunken hearths, one near each end of the room, and both were blazing hotly. Some of the men were gathered around these. Most were at the tables, sturdy legs slung over the crude benches as they talked and laughed and ate. One, who had been the new recruit until Thorongil's arrival four and twenty days before, was already abed although he had had less than five minutes' lead over the stranger at the bathtub. These were the least men of the Lord Mayor's éored, the most junior Riders in a company maintained as much for the service of the city as for the field of war. They were the unwed men, those who through inexperience or indolence or ineptitude had not obtained any rank or renown. Most were little more than stripling boys, still wearing their first beards and a look of bald-faced hope that with time would crystalize into the ruddy, hearty joy in life and in glory that graced the Men of the Mark. Some were older, a mixed lot of the jaded, the indifferent, and those who for all their bravery and good intentions did not possess the cleverness to lead. Among them Thorongil, for all his youth and admitted unfamiliarity with mounted warfare, stood out like a gangly goose in a henhouse. They were a sorry sight tonight, sitting around barelegged and straggle-haired in their long, coarse shirts. These at least were not so unlike what Thorongil was used to, though the linen was far poorer than any he had worn before, and his very nearly reached his knees – no small thing, given that it had been made with the much shorter Men of the Mark in mind. It was his second shirt and it was damp from his wet skin, but it was clean. The garments he had peeled off before his swift and unpleasant bath had been anything but. The entire barracks had come trudging home wet to the waist and caked with mud. They had been labouring since sunup to dig a drainage culvert through the great dike that ringed the city. The winter was nearing its end, and the runoff from the mountain snows was heavier than it had been in many a year. The water had overrun the usual channels and backed up the slope towards the great wall that formed the city's second ring of defence. Close by the wall there were the huts and sheds of the poor who could not obtain a place within the city proper and yet sought the protection of her fortifications from the emptiness of the wide plains beyond. There were rumours of dark things in the East; rumours that Gondor was arming; rumours that there would be war. Any who could sought shelter and the safety of an inhabited place. Those who had come to this loose shantytown had fared well enough in the clement months. They had weathered the cold with the good will of the King and the provisions of fuel donated at his behest by the wealthy citizenry who dwelt beyond the third barrier, the thorny fence that seemed to crown the foot of the mountain. But now, as the frosty months waned and spring drew near, they had come upon a threat unlooked-for: rising waters that might sweep away their simple homes and their meagre belongings and perhaps even imperil their lives. So the Lord Mayor had sent forth his own men to rectify the problem. One of His Majesty's trusted architects had consulted on the problem, and had chosen the spot best calculated to drain the ring inside the dike. Someone had to dig the culvert, and it had fallen to these men, these least of the Lord Mayor's household strength, to do it. It had been unpleasant work. They had been issued picks and short-handled shovels with which to bite into the hard-packed earth, and great wooden buckets with which to bail away soil and mud and the omnipresent runoff. They had shored up the sides of their tunnel as they went, and the royal architect had deemed the work well-done indeed. Yet that had made the digging no less miserable, the labour no less exhausting, and the men no less chilled and sodden at the end of it. Those in the culvert itself had had the worst of it, standing in the deepest water and stooping to work on into the low tunnel. In that last party, not a man had been dry below the breast, however tall. And in fine martial tradition this worst of tasks had been thrust upon the lowliest in the company. Thorongil upended his boots over their set of simple lasts, hoping they would at least retain some ghost of their shape as they dried. He wiped his hand on a corner of the short cloak, keeping it snugly about him, and rubbed his thumb against the back of his neck to quell an itch of discomfiture. The other men seemed unaffected by their casual state of undress, but he was unused to it; in the Wild it was rare to shuck off anything but the outermost layers. Nor did he like the exposed and vulnerable feeling of being draped in one coarse piece of linen and nothing else. At home, at least, he wore nether clothes as well. The man on mess duty was already packing up the trappings of his office, and Thorongil hurried over to claim his night's meal. He was met with surprised eyebrows and a playful grin, and the man said something he could not understand. He tried a thin, hopeful smile, and received a rueful chuckle for his pains. ' Eat ,' said the man. ' You – – – – much –. ' That was all he could catch: about one word in six. They all spoke so swiftly, and the language bore little resemblance even to its closest cousin Westron. But the golden-haired soldier scraped the bottom of his big stew-pot and slopped a ladleful of thin juices and sliced turnip and shreds of boiled meat into a wooden bowl. He put a hunk of good brown bread atop it, and plucked an apple from the crate which stood on a nearby stool. These he thrust into Thorongil's hands, and when the newcomer tried to retreat he tugged at the shoulder of his cloak to bring him back, so that he could drive a wooden spoon down into the contents of the bowl. ' Thank ,' said Thorongil. Even to his ears it did not sound right, and the man grinned in amusement. He did not correct him, though, and Thorongil felt a hot flare of frustration. How was he ever to learn if they merely accepted his clumsy efforts with cheerful politeness? Nonetheless he smiled and ducked his head respectfully before moving off to let the man finish with his duties. In the corner stood the ale-barrel, attended by another soldier. Here Thorongil was given a coarse earthenware jar with his half-pint measure of the warm, sweetish drink that was, so far as he could tell, an important part of the men's pay. He carried his meal past the first two tables, which were crowded with laughing men. Thorongil knew they were not laughing at him, but somehow it always seemed that way when you had no inkling what others were saying. It did not help that he had been the butt of more than a few jokes in these last days. His looks were peculiar enough, with his dark hair and his pale face. His ineptitude with the language did not help matters, nor did the fact that when he could not understand an order he was by necessity slow to follow it. He could tell from the looks in the other men's eyes, and from their flamboyant mimicking gestures when they thought his back was turned, that he was getting a reputation for being a tall, lumbering lummox. And if he could but translate that phrase into Roherric, he might actually win himself a friend or two. The third table, in the central and therefore coldest part of the room, was almost empty. Thorongil set down his dish and his apple, wrapped his cloak snugly about his body again, and sat. The rough wool tickled his ears and rasped at his wrists, but he was glad of its warmth. It was dry, too, for they had all done off with their outermost wrappings before setting to work. A crisp, cold day it had been, but not a wet one: all the wet was running down the mountain to pool at the dike. The juices