Note: Dedicated fondly to the Tim in my life: a hobbit if ever there was one! Tailings and Tales The Stranger: November, 2980 Strictly speaking, Barli was not allowed in the common room after seven o'clock. Mam said that drunken men were no fit company for small boys, and that if Barli hung about in the evenings he was bound to learn rough language and lewd stories and all manner of unsavoury things. Barli didn't know what lewd meant, but he was smart enough to know better than to argue with his mother when she used that tone of voice. This week, however, Mam and Meadowlark were gone to visit Nuncle Sherry up Combe way, and Barli's father was of a different mind when it came to small boys in the common room. 'One day, son, you'll own this place, and when you do you'll need to appreciate how business gets done. And most of the business in Bree sooner or later gets talked of right here in The Pony! Besides, I'm shorthanded with Nick gone, and I can use a quick pair of young feet between the kitchen and the hearth. That mother of yours never ought to have gone off while we was shorthanded, if she wanted to have her fine feelings! And to take your sister with her, too!' So last night and this, Barli had been not merely allowed in the common room but virtually trapped there, trotting from table to taps and ferrying orders to Old Tim in the kitchen. Old Tim had been the cook at The Prancing Pony ever since Grandda Butterbur had tired of slaving over a steaming stewpot in between making cheerful rounds of the guests. Da often complained that Mam ought to take up the cooking and spare them Tim's wages, but the truth was that deep down he liked the old hobbit a bit better than he liked money. That meant they were practically dear as brothers, Mam said. Really it wasn't fair to pick at Mam for going. She had been planning the trip for weeks, and looking forward to it the way a child looks forward to the Midsummer Festival. Just because Nick the houseboy had walked off the job last Saturday after Da ordered him to stay late again with no promise of extra pay didn't mean Mam should have to miss her visit to her brother's. Of course she could have left Meadowlark, who wasn't allowed to serve in the common room at all but could at least have taken charge of the washing up… but Barli thought his sister deserved her rest, too. Meadowlark had been installed as the bedroom maid last winter, and that meant that she spent most of her day going from room to room making up the beds and sweeping the floors and cleaning up after guests. She was fourteen now, and old enough – so Da said – to take an apprenticeship if she'd been a boy, but she was small for her age and the work was really a bit too heavy for her. Sometimes Barli sneaked off from his lessons at Mr. Thistleby's parlour school so that he could help her turn the straw ticks. But without Nick or Mam or Meadowlark, they were woefully shorthanded. Last night hadn't even been that busy, and they had still been run off their feet. Da had been up well into the small hours scouring heaps of mugs and tankards, and plates on which cold food had long since congealed. And then he had woken Barli at the crack of dawn to start in on the beds as soon as guests began moving on. Da hated to make beds, and having to do it today had put him in a foul mood. Still he was all smiles and jollity as he bustled through the common room that evening, serving up drinks and laughing with the regulars. Da could be a bitter old crosspatch behind closed doors, but he knew how to keep up a good front for the guests. Barli thought that when he was the proprietor of The Pony, he would let himself be just a little bit sour on nights he felt it, even if the patrons did want a cheerful landlord. Folks liked a genuine person more than a sly one, that's what Mam always said. Despite his busy day and a couple of good tongue-lashings, Barli was in fine fettle that evening. It was thrilling to be here, in the familiar place at a forbidden time. He was a good potboy: he waited at luncheon practically every day when his morning's lessons were done. Da was bound and determined that his son was going to grow up to be a lettered man, but he didn't see much use in geography or history or arithmetic: Barli could learn the first two better at the inn anyhow, he claimed, and the first one was no use to anybody at all. What did it matter where distant rivers ran or what far-away cities were called, when all a man could want in the world was to be found right here in Bree-land? And even reading and writing had to wait when extra hands were needed in the inn. 'Here, lad!' one of the patrons called, and Barli hurried over to his table, weaving between chairs in the crowded common room. 'Fetch me up another draught of beer, would you? There's a good boy.' 'Yes sir! Right away!' Barli said crisply. It was his mother who had taught him his manners, and she had done a proper job of it. 'Ain't he a spry one!' said one of the first man's companions as Barli scurried off. 'How old d'you think he is?' 'Old enough to fetch me a pint, I reckon,' the first man said, and they all chuckled. Barli slipped behind the counter that hemmed off the brewing barrels from the rest of the room. Da brewed his own beer down in the cellar, and it was the best to be found in any of the four villages. Barli tipped the tankard he had taken from the customer and thrust it under the tap. He opened the stopcock slowly, letting the beer run down the side of the vessel so it formed a big, fluffy head. Da always insisted on that: if you pulled a pint with a tall cap of foam and got it to the table right quick, most customers wouldn't even notice that the top inch and a half of their cup was filled with nothing but air and stardust. Two ounces here or there might not seem like much of a savings, Da said, but skimmed off of every pint it added up quick. Barli wasn't sure how he felt about that. It seemed to him that if a customer paid for a pint, he ought to get a pint. After all, if Da ordered ten pounds of chops from the butcher and was given nine and a half instead, he'd be livid with black rage! Still, he did as he had been taught and hurried back to the traveller and his friends. One nice thing about shorting the glasses was that it was easy to move about without sloshing anything over the rims. There was a wail of wind as the front door came open, and the noise of boisterous talk and laughter. Four husky men came in together, hoods low over their heads and water streaming from their shoulders. From the gesture one of them made and his companion's scarlet blush and soaked rump, Barli gathered that one of the men had taken a tumble in the street. A freezing rain had been pelting down since mid-morning, and now the streets were slick with a thick coating of ice. He sped for the entryway where the common room opened off the front hall, and snatched up the long-handled mop that stood there. As the men went past, shaking water from their rapidly shucked cloaks, Barli swabbed up the water they left in their wake. It would never do to have a guest slip on a wet floor! 'Evening, sirs! Welcome to The Pony!' he said proudly as he set to work. These were local men, and they all knew him. Mr. Stitchwort chuckled and ruffled Barli's thick, coarse brown hair. Then they all moved on to find a table. Barli nodded to himself, very satisfied. Even if they did only see him as a boy, they had gotten their welcome and liked it, too. That was an innkeeper's first order of business. For a while after that he was busy scooting from table to table and darting back and forth from the kitchens with the heavy trays of food. Everything smelled heavenly tonight: Tim had baked up a nice big ham, and he was roasting summer hens to a perfect golden brown. There were potatoes, mashed, roasted or boiled as the customers liked; and turnips (mashed); and stewed plums with brandy sauce. There was bread, of course, and a nice thick soup made with a beef bone Da had got cheap off the butcher, and for a sweet there was crisp apple pie and stout cheese. Barli had had his supper already, before most of the crowd had turned up. He was glad. It would have been hard to carry all those plates of good things to eat if he had been at all hungry. But penny-pinching or not, Da took pride in his ability to keep his family well fed, and Barli was a sturdy, stocky young boy even at the tender age of nine. It was nearly half past seven when the door swung open again. Da didn't like to bother with guests knocking, and everyone 'round here knew it was best just to walk in. Barli didn't much care for that , either, but he supposed he wasn't the innkeeper and it wasn't for him to say. Still, his father was near the exit making merry conversation with a couple of hobbits from Staddle, and he excused himself promptly to greet the new guest. Barli ducked under the arm of a broadly gesticulating traveller and went for his mop. To his surprise, the guest was still in the doorway when he reached the common room threshold. Looking down the front hall, Barli could see his shape against the light of the shingle-lamp. His face was shadowed in the poorly lit vestibule, for Da didn't believe in lighting more candles than strictly necessary to keep folk from tripping in the dark. It didn't help that the man had his hood low down over his face and was huddled in a soaking cloak. But Barli could see that he was very tall, even hunched over as he was against the wind whipping his back. He was much taller than Da, anyroad, and he was still standing right in the doorway and letting the cold air in as he came to the end of a murmured statement. 'When hens give milk I will!' Da exclaimed, clearly affronted. 'I don't go doling out supper for the asking, and as for the other that's the strictest rule of the house! No coin, no bed, and that's final.' The stranger said something that Barli could not quite hear. His voice was hoarse and very low, but there was a sort of a musical note to it: measured, like the chords of an old song. Even without the words, Barli could see that the man was speaking very respectfully: much more respectfully than customers usually did. Da stiffened a little, jerking his head back as if he had heard something surprising. 'Would you, now?' he said. 'All night, 'til we're shut up and ready for morning?' 'All night,' the stranger agreed, and now he was speaking just loudly enough that Barli could hear him. He was a trifle disappointed. The way his words rolled, he had hoped