Out of the Wet The bleeding would not stop. He had done everything he was able, padding so heavily that the bandages stood out like a tumour on the hip; packing the wound with the last of his clean lint; applying pressure until his arms ached and his wrist cried out for mercy. The wound could not have been stitched, even if he had not lost his kit and most of his meagre belongings in the ignominious flight southwestward. It was too deep, and if closed too soon it would fester. Infection there, where flank met pelvis, was deadly. Aragorn son of Arathorn wound the last scrap of his shirt over the wadding. He took up the two ends of the belt and cinched it tight over all: an added source of pressure to induce the wound to clot. The procedure was painful, and a low groan of misery escaped wan lips. 'There,' Aragorn said. His voice was hoarse with weariness, falling flat in the wet air. 'That's over with. The pain will ease a little.' 'It had better,' his patient rasped, voice no more healthful than his Chieftain's. Halbarad managed a shaky smile. 'I took you for a mighty healer.' Aragorn tried not to flinch. Though the words were meant in jest, and he knew he had done all he could, and a man of lesser skill might have lost his charge three days ago, his failure to stem the flow of blood was driving him to madness. How much blood Halbarad had already lost and how much more he had left to lose Aragorn did not know. The implacable rain of the last thirty hours had long since soaked the bandages. As the gore seeped through, it ran in red runnels down the crest of Halbarad's hipbone to stain hisbraies. Gently, Aragorn tugged first shirt and then cote to cover Halbarad, then closed the other man's cloak with the same careful protection with which one might tuck in a child for the night. He reached into the shadow of his kinsman's dripping hood to feel the bony cheek. Cautious effort kept the worry from his eyes. The fever seemed to burn hotter than ever. He comforted himself with the knowledge that this might be no more than an illusion brought on by half-frozen hands. The year was yet young and the snows but lately fled; the rain was bitterly cold. It was hard and driving, too, and had long ago soaked both men to the bone. Aragorn tucked the aching appendages into the pits of his arms, hugging his naked chest as he lifted his eyes. The elm which sheltered them (after a fashion, at least) was tall and venerable. Its branches spread wide and its roots anchored defiantly in the spongy soil. They were on one of the tiny islets of firm ground that speckled the Midgewater Marshes, where no troll could follow even if it managed to maintain the attention span necessary to chase its prey for twenty leagues. They had slain the goblins swiftly, considering that they were two beset by half a dozen, but the troll had proved too much. Had Halbarad not taken the wound at the tip of the beast's great knife, they might have managed. As it was, they had rousted from their camp and into the night at speed, Aragorn supporting Halbarad when he began to stumble. Dawn had broughthope of surcease and an opportunity to tend the hurt properly, and they had lingered that day in a quiet hollow of the spring lands. That night, Aragorn had laid his ear to the earth and heard what most he dreaded: the thunder of pursuing feet, and more than just two. On the second night he had heard nothing, but by then it was obvious that Halbarad needed shelter that could not be found in the empty lands between the marshes and the Weather Hills. Through the shifting mires lay the most direct route to Bree, where Aragorn could surely find some dry place for his friend to lie. He prayed it was so; succour for Rangers was sparse in this country, but if he did not find rest and warmth Halbarad would not long survive. 'Are you able to go on?' he asked as he offered his cousin the leathern bottle that held their last clean water. Plenty more was falling from the sky, but it would take time and effort to they had not, and Aragorn's strength was flagging. Halbarad had found deep and almost drugged slumber during their brief halts, but Aragorn had not dared. Keeping up the guard was essential, of course, but he had been driven to wakefulness more by the fear that if he succumbed to the temptation of sleep, the price would be his comrade's life. Halbarad sighed as he swallowed, then flinched. His face, already sallow, took on a drawn and sickly grey look that Aragorn misliked. 'Have I a choice,sire?' he asked, trying to sound amused. 'No.' The word came out in a low breath, almost inaudible. 'Then you had best clothe yourself, for it will not do to go running about in that state.' Halbarad nodded to Aragorn's bare chest and managed this time an almost teasing tone. More gravely he added; 'And I have take your shirt.' 'That's no great hardship in this weather,' said Aragorn. 'It would be soaked through anyhow.' He took up his cote from the stone over which he had draped it. The thick wool was made heavy by the drenching rain, and as he pulled it on Aragorn grimaced beneath its guarding folds. His shoulder was bruised black where the troll had thumped him as he scrambled to defend fallen Halbarad. He girded himself, somehow colder now than he had been half-clad. Aragorn reached for his cloak, and from the corner of his eye he caught Halbarad's spasmodic shudder. The wound was taking its toll. He was slipping back into shock. 'Here.' Aragorn beckoned for his kinsman to sit forward, that he might drape his own cloak over Halbarad's. 'If you can bear the weight of it, it will give you some warmth at least.' Halbarad looked as if he wanted to argue, but his lips were tinted blue and Aragorn could almost feel the ache in the other man's joints. The younger Ranger inclined his head and accepted the poor gift. Then he took a firm hold on Aragorn's shoulder, and Aragorn about Halbarad's chest, and somehow they managed to get the wounded man to his feet. lar The Midgewater Marshes were a shifting quagmire of treacherous bogland and stands of last year's dead rushes that concealed sometimes solid ground, sometimes sucking pools. It was difficult terrain to navigate under the best of circumstances, and even a seasoned Ranger was bound to struggle. For the two of them, Aragorn almost numb for want of sleep and Halbarad stumbling through a hazy dream of pain, progress was slow. Their boots slipped and skidded, and more than once it was only the fact that they were tented against each other, Aragorn bracing up his cousin as best he could, that kept one or the other from a nasty fall. Even on the unchanging ground, the mud was terrible. It clung to their boots and seemed to creep upward of its own volition. Fighting it used more strength than Aragorn had expected, and more strength than Halbarad had to spare. It was inevitable, even if it came sooner than Aragorn had hoped. On one particularly slippery incline over a hillock of muck and mulch, Halbarad's feet slid out from under him. He splashed down upon his knees, dragging Aragorn with him, and moaned as he struck the earth. He was white and shaking, and he could not rise again. 'It's no use,' he wheezed after their third fruitless attempt. 'My legs… they just won't stay under me.' Aragorn planted a cold hand upon Halbarad's brow. The brewing fever was now troublingly high. Beneath their cloaks, Halbarad's tunic bore a spreading dark mark where the blood had seeped through. Aragorn shook his head. 'We cannot rest here,' he said. 'We need to get you in out of the wet. We are not so far from the edge of the Marshes. From there it is only a few miles to Bree.' Halbarad's bleary eyes seemed to search the air before finding Aragorn's face. 'I have not even a few miles in me,' he confessed. 'My head…' Aragorn understood. He was dizzy, giddy from loss of blood and beginning to feel the dreadful headache that came from being pushed past one's strength. Aragorn cast his gaze upward, as if there were any hope of gauging the hour by the hidden Sun. He judged they still had several hours until sunset, though. Time enough to reach The Prancing Pony if they pressed on relentlessly. Relentlessly. With a captain's resolve, Aragorn his shoulder slid free of Halbarad's arm and scrabbled to his feet. 'Up, now,' he said bracingly, pushing the sodden cloaks out of the way to get a good hold under Halbarad's arms. 'Lean on me.' Halbarad was beyond his strength, but still he managed to help the effort. With Aragorn hauling, he got his feet under him. His legs trembled and would not have borne his weight without the other man to hold him. Aragorn wrapped both arms snugly about Halbarad's chest, affording them both a moment's respite to catch their breath. The cold of the day was deepening: in the grey of the driving rain they each let out a puff of condensation. 'I wish there were some gentler way,' Aragorn said softly. 'With the distance yet to cover, I fear it must be done.' 'Your shoulder,' Halbarad protested, but there was no force to his words. 'My shoulder will bear up. Your wound might not, unless we can staunch the bleeding. It's useless to try while the dressings remain soaked; the last day's efforts have proven that.' Aragorn dropped to one knee and tucked his head under Halbarad's right arm. Perhaps the pressure against his body would stem the flow at last. It was worth the attempt, though he knew it would be painful. 'On my count,' he said as he snaked his right arm behind Halbarad's knee and gripped his friend's wrist. 'One, two, three .' The last word came out in a deep grunt of effort as he got the other Ranger up across his back and heaved himself to his feet. Halbarad swallowed the expected cry of anguish as his weight shifted onto his wounded flank. As Aragorn gathered both legs into the hold of his left arm, freeing his right, he felt Halbarad go limp in a sudden swoon. 'Fear not, kinsman,' he whispered. 'I'll get us to solid ground, and we'll find somewhere for you to rest.' Brave words notwithstanding, his progress was slow. The added weight made light stepping impossible, and the gummy ground sucked and seized at his boots. He could not quite reach around Halbarad's thighs to brush the rain from his eyes, and there were times when the Marshes blurred before him. The chill of the day was deepening, but Aragorn felt it only on his exposed skin and the backs of his legs: as it turned out, having a body slung across your shoulders was warmer than any cloak. Halbarad came back to himself after only a few minutes, mumbling a disjointed apology as he rested his head against Aragorn's bruised shoulder. Aragorn did not spare the breath to dismiss it, only gave Halbarad's legs a reassuring squeeze and plodded on. The going grew ever more miserable. Aragorn's weariness was rapidly gaining on him, sleepless nights and the effort of walking for days with Halbarad leaning upon him taking their toll at last. His empty stomach clenched and his head felt very light as he toiled on under his precious burden. He was determined not to slip, but