Ch.1 I'm pregnant Bella's Pov I can't believe he left me. Told me that he never loved, that I was a toy for him, and that I would never be good enough. He broke my heart saying that. I am laying in my room a few days after he left. Sam had found me lying on the forest floor wet and cold, and brought me home. I've been sick since and I don't know why. Though dad thinks it's because I was out in the rain and cold, but it doesn't feel like that type of sick. I'm so hungry but can't stop throwing up and I'm so sleepy. I just got up and got a shower. When I got out and back in my room, I looked in my full length mirror as I passed. I stopped and looked again, I had a small bump on my stomach. How is that possible? That must be why I've been sick. I'm pregnant. I don't know how this happened, we only did it that once after my birthday. Plus he is a vampire it shouldn't be possible. I can't believe this. I'm having a vampire baby. Vampire baby. Vampire! Baby! I can't stay here. I don't know how like his father he is going to be. I have to leave. I have to go somewhere away from people, and somewhere safe. The Cullen house would be safe and away from people. Carlisle is a doctor, there are probably left over medical supplies. It will be hard, but I will just have to stay away from Edward's room and the piano room. After figuring out I was going to the Cullen house I packed my clothes and anything else I would need. I'll have food delivered. When I was done I wrote my dad a note saying that I had to leave I'm sorry and I love him. I got to the Cullen's and everything was exactly the same. I guess they can leave it all since they have all the money in the world. The kitchen was actually fully stocked so I'll be good for a while. The electricity and cable still work, I won't be bored. I went to Carlisle's study to try and find anything helpful. There was a small refrigerator in the corner. When I opened it it was full of blood bags, all my blood type. Guess he was prepared for the worst. There was a drawer at the bottom that had syringes filled with a clear liquid, and they all had a name of the family on them. One for every member of the family. What are these? I'll think about it later. There was a safe in the wall in the corner. I used all the dates that would be important to Carlisle that I know, and the day he changed Esme was what opened it. There was thousands if not millions in it. That would help out when I had to leave with the baby. I left it all in there for safe keeping until I had to. After that I took my bags to one of the many guest rooms. Now I just need to find out what I am dealing with. I went back down stairs after I grabbed Carlisle's lap top. I sat on the couch and started to do research. I found a lot about half human/vampire babies. Most of it said the mother didn't make it, because the babies have to claw and bite there way out. But if there was a vampire right there to turn them, I bet they would have made it. That's what that clear liquid was it was there venom, and it was labeled with there names. And most of the research said that the mother becomes very weak and sick during the pregnancy. Which only last three months.I finished my research and turned on the TV. It was four weeks of being at the house that I noticed something was wrong. My stomach was growing so I guess it will only take three months. But every time I look in a mirror I look worse. My eyes started to look sunken in and I was really thin. I could barely keep my food down. How is he supposed to grow if I can't keep any food down. You would think he would be hungry... But maybe not for food. He is half human/vampire, he wants blood. I can use the blood from Carlisle's office. With that I ran to his office and went to the refrigerator. I took one bag out and went to the kitchen. I put the blood in a styrofoam cup so I won't have to look at what I am drinking. I started drinking and it actually tasted good. So I could drink one bag a day until the birth, hopfully that will help. It has been a week since i figured out the blood problem. I started to get a little better since I was drinking the blood. I'm not sure but my stomach was starting to get a little big for just one baby, or maybe he is just really big. I should start thinking of names. I think it's a boy but it could always be a girl. I would name him or her after Edward and Alice, since he was my first love and she was my best girl friend. But they made my second family leave me. They are the only ones in the family with powers other than Jasper. Edward probably told them we broke up or something like I didn't want them anymore. Alice probably told them that she knew I would be fine and not to worry because of her gift. So I will just name him after one of the other Cullen's. I should also figure out what I am going to do. Who's venom I'm going to use after the birth. What I'm going to do with him for the three days that I'm changing. I don't want to use Edward or Alice's venom. Maybe if I use everyone's venom except there's the change will go faster. But I need to get help so the baby won't be alone. Who could I trust that much? Who would always stand by me? Who has been my best friend almost since birth? Jacob Black. I picked up the phone and called Jake. "Hello." He answered. "Jake?!" I said. "Bella? Where are you? Everyone is so worried." He said. "Jake, I'm in trouble and I need your help." I told him. "Of course, Bella. What do you need?" He said. "I can't tell you over the phone. Can you come see me?" I asked. "Where are you?" He asked. "I'm at the Cullen's old house. Jake don't tell anybody and come alone." I told him. "Bella, I can't be on Cullen land. We don't get along." He said. What does that mean? "Jake please I really need someone I can trust right now. Please!" I said. "Ok. I'll try and come by in a little while. Stay safe." He said and hung up. I waited for Jake for about an hour and a half when I heard a knock at the door. I opened it and and there stood Jake. "Hey Jake." I said. And he looked me over and stopped at my stomach. "Your pregnant!?" He said. "That's what I called about." I said."Come in." "How are you this pregnant? You look like your six months or so." He said. "Jake I'm going to tell you something and it's a little weird. So please don't freak out, ok." I said. "Bella?" He said. "You told me a story a while ago on the beach about werewolves and vampires. How it was just a legend of your tribe. Well they are not just stories at least the vampires aren't. The Cullen's they are really vampires like in the story. They did make a treaty with you grandfather." I told him and stopped to let it sink in. "Bella..." He started but I interrupted. "They threw me a eighteenth birthday party, and something bad happened. Then Edward took me home and one thing lead to another and... Two weeks later he takes me out into the woods and he leaves me. Then I find out I'm pregnant and came here to make sure that nobody would find out that he isn't normal." I said. "Bella why are you tell me this?" He said almost growling. "I need someone to look after the baby while I'm changing, and I thought who could I trust that much. The first person I thought of was you." I told him. "You want me to take care of your demon spawn," He stood up."while you become a moster?!" He practically yelled. "I thought I could trust you with this, but I guess not. Just go! I'll figure something else out." I told him standing up to while I actually wanted to fall crying. "I don't know why you would think I would watch it. I love you Bella, but you can't ask me to do this. It could be dangerous." He said. "I THOUGHT YOU WOULD DO THIS BECAUSE YOUR MY BEST FRIEND. I GUESS I WAS WRONG THINKING THAT. SO GET OUT NOW, JACOB." I yelled and turned around to wipe the few tears that slipped out. Then I heard the door slam and he was gone. I broke down crying. What am I going to do now? I thought he would be here for me. If he acted that way and he's my best friend, I can't tell anyone else. I'll have to do this on my own. It was the next day that I heard something weird outside. I went to go check and saw eight huge wolves. I looked in the chocolate brown ones eyes and felt something change. "What are you? What do you want?" I asked. The big black one went into the woods, and a minute later Sam Uley came out. "Hello Bella." He said. "Werewolves of course." I whispered."What do you want Sam?" I said. "We're here about the Child Bella." He said. "How do you know about him?" putting my hands on my stomach."No one knows but Jake." I said. "Jacob!" He said. The rusty wolf went into the woods, and a minute later Jacob Black came out. "You told them? How could you Jake?! I thought you were my friend, but I guess yesterday should have told me other wise. I TRUSTED YOU." I said. "Bella, the baby could be dangerous. We have to take care of it." Sam said. "By take care of you mean kill my baby. You would kill an innocent child. From what Jacob told me about the wolves you protect people. Not Kill Them!" I said. "We do protect people, but that thing in you is not human." He said. How can he be so calm? "He's half human. If you want to kill my baby you'll have to kill me to. Because there is no way that you are getting my baby while I'm breathing." I said. The chocolate brown wolf growled at that. "Bella think about this please. Think about Charlie, Renee, and what about me." Jake said. "What about you Jacob? I asked you to help me, but instead you go and tell your friends. Then you come here with them asking me to give you my baby so you can kill him. I hope you can live with yourself." I told him and he looked down. "Bella we don't want to hurt you, but we have to protect our people." Sam said. "We weren't even going to stay long. I was going to give birth, and change myself. While Jacob I was hoping would take care of him. Then we would leave, and hopfully never come back. But your dead set on killing him even though he hasn't done