Guardian Eternal : Time Rewritten When the mortals read the tale of Percy Jackson and the Olympians and its sequel series The Heroes of Olympus, they were regaled with a story of heroes and love. They believed Percy and Annabeth had a happy ending and that the battle against Gaia was an easy one. I am here to tell you that that was not the case. The stories are mostly accurate up until Percy and Annabeth exited Tartarus and sealed the Doors of Death, but are wildly inaccurate after that. There were no declarations of love between us… I mean between Annabeth and Percy. Every enemy encounter after leaving Tartarus caused a rift between Percy and Annabeth, a rift that was created by a fear of what Percy could become, like in Tartarus when he had nearly destroyed a primordial goddess to protect Annabeth. After Percy accidentally awakened Gaia, well things went badly. Annabeth couldn't look at him the same way anymore and broke off their relationship. It was with a broken heart that Percy arrived back at Camp Half-Blood to find what looked to be two warring armies. Although judging by the giant statue of Athena and Reyna standing in front of it the fighting had stopped. Before Percy could even try and address the tension in the air a great rumbling could be heard. In the distance a cloud of dirt was billowing into the air, out of it walked legion upon legion of monsters followed by a group of Titans and finally the Gigantes themselves (how they were resurrected so quickly we'll never know). "You may have stopped trying to kill each other, fine, I guess I'll just have to kill you myself!" Screamed a female voice that Percy knew belonged to Gaia. Immediately fear sprang up in the collective camps. "We can't beat that." Whispered Annabeth, "An army that size would destroy us." "The titans would crush us Romans" Added Hazel, Frank nodding alongside her. Percy looked out at the two armies in front of him. The Romans were organized and set out into their cohorts, the Greeks however were clumped into small groups all around their side of the battlefield. "I've got a plan." Percy whispered as he flicked a drachma over his shoulder into a cloud of mist that had formed behind him. "Mount Olympus and if it's not too much to ask a larger one directly above me" He whispered into the mist. "Everybody! I know you Greeks have missed me!" Percy yelled to approving cheers from them, "And Romans, you named me a leader. I may not still hold that title but you know me." The Romans looked on speculatively. "I know you may not trust me anymore after the reveal of my Greek parentage but I ask you to listen to me. When it comes to fighting an army no one is better than the Romans, you can face even the greatest of armies and come out victorious. But against a force of Titans you would be decimated. I know you may not like it but it's true, the Titans can decimate an army but against a smaller force they can't use some of their more destructive powers." Percy yelled, the image above him amplifying his voice over the entire field. The two armies were beginning to comprehend where he was going with it. "Us Greeks have always excelled at small groups against small groups of enemies but against an army we are severely lacking. We only won the battle of Manhattan through luck and heavy losses, something neither side would like to rely upon today." Now both sides were in full understanding. "I know the mighty Twelfth Legion is capable of defeating the monsters set out before us, and I have faith that my fellow Greeks can keep the titans at bay and even send their sorry butts back to Tartarus. So please we are all one family, one army, one fighting force that will protect both our heritage and the lives of the mortals who have no knowledge of this place. We are all that remains to save this world!" Percy yelled, now he was receiving cheers from both sides. Behind the back lines of the Legion Octavian was screaming and shouting for someone to listen to him, that this was a trap by the Graecus scum . "Shut up Octavian." Said Michael Kahale as he struck Octavian over the head, knocking him out cold. "So I ask of you, will my Greek brothers fight the Titans, and will my Roman brothers fight this horde. Together with our parents, the seven of us will fight the Gigantes with the assistance of Artemis and her hunters and a select few campers from each of our camps." Percy explained as Nico, Reyna, Will Solace and Clarice found themselves drawn to Percy by an unseen force. Together we fight, and together we will win!" Screamed Percy to the combined cheers of the armies. The children of Mars, Ares, Athena and Bellona all surged together and began shouting out orders, the legion began moving into position as the orders were relayed, the Greeks were just as quick to form into groups and preparing to meet their Titanic opponents. Behind Percy and the others there was an explosion of thunder as suddenly the Gods themselves appeared. Coming to stand behind their children, Artemis having appeared with her hunters. Thalia stepped away from Artemis and allowed Phoebe and another to take her place, the rest of the hunters going to reinforce the other deimgods. Thalia joined Jason and their father. The Gods were strangely at peace with themselves, each demigod seeing whichever aspect of the God they worshipped. "How are we doing this Percy?" Questioned Frank as he looked over the forms of the Gigantes. "Like this." Percy said as the image of himself increased in size with a silent prayer to Iris. "Gigantes and Gaia, we will face you and we will win! Now come, we don't have all day!" Percy screamed, a collective roar of outrage erupted from the lines of monsters, and with that the monsters charged. A confident line of Romans met them with shields up and swords ready. Immediately the difference in skill was obvious as the Romans mowed through the ranks of monsters leaving nothing but golden dust in their wake. The Greeks present charged forward as well, using chariots and other methods of quick travel provided by the Hephaestus cabin to reach their designated targets. The final battle had begun. The gods each took their chosen heroes to a spot a little away from the main battlefield, the Gigantes were waiting. Percy looked to his fellow demigods. "We got this guys, they are nothing compared to us." He said with conviction, his eyes seemed to shine with power that caused all doubt to flee the minds of his fellow heroes. Annabeth wasn't quite as sure but the look in Percy's eyes had frightened her, it was the same look he had when he protected her in Tartarus. It was a look that promised excruciating pain to any who dared threaten his home and his family. That in itself should have reassured her but it did quite the opposite, in her mind it destroyed any chance that she could feel happy with Percy now, she didn't feel they were the same anymore, he had become something more that she couldn't begin to grasp. Suddenly the Gigantes charged forward to take down their rivals. Percy banished all thought from his mind except working in sync with his father to fight Polybotes, Tyson arrived sometime during the fight to help. Together the three of them were keeping a constant pressure on all sides. Tyson would dart in close with twin clubs and batter Polybotes back while Percy and Poseidon would use large constructs of water and ice to batter into him. Percy looked his father in the eyes and an understanding passed between them as they started to do the same motion with their hands, a side to side pulling action that caused the water all around them and the poison from Polybotes to swirl into a great hurricane with the Giant at its center. Tyson watched in awe as the combined power started to constrict around Polybotes encasing him in a watery prison, the water slowly began converting into poison and making Poseidon and Percy lose control but he was bound long enough as Poseidon's trident was slammed into his chest and Riptide was slashed straight down his back severing his spine. And just like that one giant was sent back to Tartarus. Percy looked over the now destroyed region they were fighting in. Poseidon and Tyson moved to fight against some minor Gigantes. All around them fights were finishing with the Gigantes being sent one by one back to Tartarus. The hunters that had been helping Artemis seemed to be injured and were tending their wounds. Jason, Thalia and Zeus were still fighting, as were Hazel, Nico and Hades. Suddenly something caught Percy's eye, the form of Will Solace being knocked clean away from the battle he had been fighting with his Father. Apollo's eyes followed Will and his opponent took his chance, stabbing a jagged blade through his back. Ichor flooded from the wound as Apollo flopped to the ground. A pained scream tore its way from Artemis' throat as she rushed to her fallen brothers side. With a savage kick she sent the giant flying, Percy was by her side in an instant. Together the two worked perfectly to keep the giant off his draconic feet, arrows sprouting all over his chest and arms while blasts of water continually knocked the giant over until finally with another scream of rage Artemis plunged her hunting knives into the giants eyes, water flooded his nose and mouth too. The giant lay on the ground convulsing as dirty brown blood sprayed from his eyes until he finally drowned and collapsed into dust. Artemis nodded her thanks in Percy's direction before running to Apollo's side. "Hey big sis." He said weakly, ichor dribbling from his mouth. "Shh. Everything is going to be ok." Artemis said soothingly. "You can't fool the God of medicine when it comes to this." He said with a gentle laugh, the sword in his chest suddenly dissolved into dust causing fresh ichor to spray out of the wound. "Hey take care of her will ya." He said to Percy causing a confused expression to overtake Percy's face, "God of prophecy too." And with that final statement Apollo's eyes went dark, the Gigantes were all now dead so the gods and demigods present were gathered around Apollo, they were all witness to his body starting to flicker like static before fading from view altogether. A strangled cry was heard as Artemis sobbed on the nearest available shoulder which happened to be Percy, who suddenly felt incredibly uncomfortable and thought that if he moved an inch he might end up castrated or worse dead. "I applaud you grandchildren. Killing my favorites while only sustaining one casualty. I am impressed but now I must cut your grieving short." Called the voice of Gaia. The ground on the other side of the field started to rumble, the distant noise of the armies doing battle was now almost impossible to hear over it. Cracks started to form in the ground as a colossal being rose out of the earth itself. Gaia had formed. The ensuing battle while fierce was also a bloodbath. The demigods were immediately sent flying back and held in place by stone bonds. The Gods paid no heed to them as they charged forward to engage Gaia. And Gaia systematically cut them down and bound them in place, all the while laughing at their misfortune. "I think it only fair that poor little Artemis follow her twin into the realm of the Faded." Gaia said while laughing and raising