Hey everyone! I am trying this out. This popped into my head and I haven't been able to let it go. Being busy with work this last year as made it where I haven't been able to keep stories I'm working on. I still have those, but have taken them down to look through them. I have some of this one built up and as long as I can, will be writing on it. This one is taking priority as I have missed writing and have been focusing on this one. I am trying the MPREG thing, so it will be in here. I also don't know how original this actually is, but haven't read anything myself on how it's done. I hope you like this chapter as it will help me decide to keep the story up. The more you give me on liking it, such as likes and reviews, I will keep at it, even through my hectic schedule. I will not have an update schedule though because of my job, but will try to keep it pretty steady. DISCLAIMER: NOT JKR SO SHE OWNS THEM, I'M JUST PLAYING WITH THEM. It was over, the one thing he knew was definite in his life. It was over, no more fighting. No more tears, no death. Who was Harry Potter now? Could he get to be normal? Could he dare to do things he always wanted without worry? He stood in the hall as he watched everyone hug their loved ones, mourning the losses they all had. Yes, they all had one. He watched as Remus was hugged by Sirius, who had faked his death with the help of Lucius Malfoy, of all people. Lucius, who had always known about Severus being a spy, had taken precautions to help Harry, when talk of Draco being made into a death eater by force started. As soon as that was known, the Malfoys apparently went to Dumbledore. That old fraud barely helped them. That kind of upset Harry and he didn't know why. Why make a sixteen year old go through that without telling him his family was going to be alright anyway? Harry didn't know what Dumbledore was thinking and was kind of angry during his "black out" or whatever it was. Dumbledore didn't explain when it was told to him either. Harry smiled a bit when his godfather and his mate found him, standing over Tonks with Andromeda. They had told him just this morning that when it was over they wanted to talk privately with him, about what he didn't know. He turned his head when someone called his name and just barely had time to keep balance as red hair invaded his sight, Ginny. That was something he was going to have to do. During their horcrux hunt, Harry never thought he'd find himself. Hermione helped, oh did she help. She pretty much called him on it one night after a dream he had involving Draco Malfoy of all people, after escaping the manor. Neither one had told Ron because of the promise he made to Ginny. Now, he had no clue what to do about that. He loved her, just not enough to be with her. She was like a sister, and figuring that out made him hopeful she may have felt the same during their year apart. "I'm so happy you're not dead." she whispered. He hugged her back and then pulled back a bit. "Gin, I…" She shook her head. "Don't. I know what you're going to say. I feel the same Harry. During the last year, well...I was scared you guys weren't coming back. Neville helped with that." He smiled and nodded, looking at his best friend's sister. "Good. Hermione helped me figure it out, Ginny. It's not you, it's girls in general." He had whispered that part, hoping she got the meaning. He was trying not to be too loud because they were still in the Great Hall and the press would be even more up his ass if they heard their conversation. He watched her face as her brown eyes widened in realization. He just smiled, a small smile, and looked at her. She smiled back and nodded, not saying anything. She kissed his cheek and the smile that appeared when Neville walked up made telling her loads better. Harry pulled his friend into his arms and hugged him. "Take care of her, Neville." He whispered in his friend's ear. "Always." was whispered back before the two men pulled apart. Harry nodded and then started to make his way to his own family. He wanted to give the Weasley's time to celebrate the fact Fred didn't die, not that it wasn't close. Pomfrey almost couldn't save him. He nods to the red heads, Hermione standing with them as he passes. When he gets to the two men that weren't blood, but may as well be, they both pulled him into their embrace. All three men started crying for the joy of having the others with them. Harry didn't know about Sirius until the battle when the three of them showed up and told Neville to alert the order. He squeezed Sirius and Sirius wrapped both arms around their cub, just happy to be there. Harry could feel himself break, finally able to breathe and let go of the pain, the stress of the last year. "I love you too, pup. Rest today. Remus and I can wait till tomorrow." Harry heard whispered as a kiss touched the top of his head. He pulled back and looked at them both. "I'm just so happy you both are here. Even if I can't have my parents, I have you guys." Something passed in Remus' eyes, confusing him, but he knew they'd tell him tomorrow. He heard a cough and looked to see Minerva. The older woman pulled him into her arms, and he felt the tears on his head. "So happy you're alive, Harry. I let Kingsley know about Draco." Harry pulled back and looked at her. "What about his parents? Lucius helped hide Sirius, helped Severus. Narcissa lied to the bastard for me, telling him I was dead. They helped our side as much as their son." A breath left her as she looked at the young man in front of her. "A son being forced to do his father's will is a lot more innocent apparently, Harry." All three adults watched as determination found it's way to Harry's face. He moved and started walking away from them, looking for blond hair and the black man wanting to take them. He found the Malfoys, holding each other as the parents were having to tell their son everything would be alright. He watched for a moment, almost not wanting to interrupt them. His mind was made up when he saw two aurors with Kingsley walk over to them. They took Lucius and Narcissa and the look of sorrow marked the youngest Malfoy, that was enough for Harry. "No." The group looked at the man who had spoken. Harry didn't look at the Malfoys, just kept his eyes on Kingsley. The black man looked at Harry, confusion in his eyes. "Harry, what they have…" "No. Lucius saved Sirius, gave information to the order that even Severus didn't know. I have the memories to prove it. Severus gave them before...before he died. Narcissa saved my life in that forest just minutes ago. Draco saved us at the manor and practically gave me his wand, making it to where I could kill the son of a bitch in their house. They go free. I will fight the ministry if I have to, Kingsley." The group all watched as Harry pulled tubes out of his pocket and gave it to the new minister. "From Dumbledore and Severus. Explains everything from the night at the ministry to Dumbledore's death. I'm so mad at the old man right now. However, I now know why Severus told me where to find them. It was to keep this family together, something Dumbledore promised Lucius if he turned spy. I will not let that promise die." Harry forced the tube into the older man's hand and then turned to Draco, holding out the wand in his hand. Neither said anything, and Harry watched as Draco took the wand. Draco nodded his head in thanks, thanks for everything was shown in his eyes. Harry just nodded and turned to head back to his own family. He did what was needed, he gave the proof that the Malfoys were innocent, now he just hoped Kingsley would take that. When he reached the small group he left to do that, they all smiled. He could see how proud the two marauders were for him, how they cared for him. Remus still had a different look, but Harry didn't really want to think on that. He wanted to get away and collapse. He was ready to go. He knew his godfather and the wolf knew what he wanted when they nodded to Minerva. He watched as Sirius whispered something then the two men met him halfway. "Let's go home, cub." Remus whispered. Harry just nodded, happy to be leaving. They were able to sneak out quietly and then as soon as they could, apparated to a cottage. Harry didn't know about it and so Sirius took him side along. He looked up at the dog and furrowed his brow. "This is a cottage belonging to the Potter's. We figured since the order knew about my house, we would bring you here for privacy and rest." He smiled and whispered a thanks as they walked in. They let him know he could pick whichever room he wanted and so he walked down the narrow hallway. For being one of the last pureblood families in England, the cottage was smaller than Harry thought it would be. He shrugged a thought that maybe he wasn't as well off as the Malfoys, but he liked the homey feel he got from the place. He found a room that was a deep emerald color and walked in, right to the bed. He didn't even really look around and it was the first room he came to. Harry collapsed on the bed and let the day flow out of him. He felt his eyes close and deep grey invade him behind his lids as they closed for much needed sleep, not even taking off his shoes. Harry shifted as a smell of something delicious invaded his senses. He blinked his eyes open and it took him a second to realize where he was. He sat up and found that someone had pulled his shoes off and pulled the comforter over him. He ran his hand over the green material, feeling the softness of it. He looked around and saw the light maple furniture that completed the green quite nicely. He liked this room. The floor was a darker wood, but he couldn't tell what kind it was, but it flowed to match the hallway. He got up and decided to figure out where the smell was. The sunlight was glistening in the room between ivory curtains that matched the accents of the rooms and Harry smiled. He pulled his glasses back on, finding them on the table next to him, and made his way out of the room. He retraced his steps and found Remus in the kitchen. "Morning, cub." "Morning, I didn't know I slept all night." Harry said softly as a plate was sat on the table for him. Remus smiled, sitting across from him after leaving a warming charm on Sirius' plate. "We all did. You needed it though. Sleep alright?" Harry smiled around the bite in his mouth. "Yes. You?" "I did, but I had someone with me. Not being with him for a year, but knowing he was alive was hard." Harry nodded. He could understand that.