Author Notes: This is mostly book-verse, which means that Aragorn and Legolas do not know each other very well, probably only having met in Mirkwood when Aragorn took Gollum there. Written for the Naked Yule challenge issued by NiRi and Fiondil. The challenge stories have to include the following: Aragorn, Legolas, Glorfindel, snow, a horse, a naked elf, a confession, and at least one Christmas symbol that can be adapted to Middle-earth. Other characters can also be included as necessary. Chapter one "Pippin, come back," called Merry as he watched his cousin darting away through the woods behind the stables. "It's almost time for tea!" he added, knowing food might bring Pippin back more quickly from wherever he was running off to. He shivered, running his hands briskly up and down his arms before pulling his cloak tighter around himself. Bilbo had mentioned that the snow wouldn't last long, that Rivendell seldom had harsh weather of any kind. At least it looked pretty, Merry decided with a small sigh as he trotted after his wayward cousin. The freshly fallen snow lightly blanketed the gardens and the trees of Rivendell with a pretty white coat that reminded him of the frosting on the special cakes his mother made for Yule. Not that he was likely to have those any time soon, he thought glumly as he entered the woods. 0-0-0-0 "Excuse me, Mr. Legolas, sir; may I speak with you, sir?" Legolas blinked, still unused to the way Sam insisted on addressing him. But then he knew very little about hobbits. "Of course, Master Samwise," he answered politely. "How may I help you?" he asked, looking down at the hobbit who was not looking at him but was looking around the wide hallway of Lord Elrond's house that they were standing in. "Have you seen Merry and Pippin? It's time for tea. I can't find them and Mr. Bilbo and Mr. Frodo are waiting." He wrung his hands as he peered up the elf. "I see." Legolas hid his amusement. All of the hobbits ate an incredible amount of food for such small people and he wondered how the hobbits would fare on their journey. "Did they have plans this afternoon? Are they practicing with Lord Boromir?" Sam shook his head. "I asked him and he hasn't seen them either… not since right after lunch. And Mr. Gandalf hasn't seen them. And I've looked in all of the usual places in here." He waved his hand around. "They wouldn't miss tea, Mr. Legolas, sir." "No, they would not," he agreed with a small smile gracing his lips. "I will search for them outside. Do they have a favorite place they enjoy visiting?" "The gardens nearest the stables, I think," Sam said after a moment. "Pippin likes one of the statues there," he said, shrugging. Legolas laid his hand briefly on the hobbit's shoulder. "You go and have your tea while I find your friends, Master Samwise. There is no reason for yours to get cold even if theirs is a bit late." "Well, I don't know… I'll have to ask Mr. Bilbo about that, sir. Thank you, Mr. Legolas," Sam said, with sort of a half bow before turning and hurrying away. Legolas watched the hobbit for a moment before making his way to the side door that was nearest the stables, pausing only to grab a spare cloak that was hanging on a hook near the entryway. 0-0-0-0 Aragorn absently patted Roheryn's neck as the horse trotted down and then up the shallow dip in the almost invisible trail. His many years of traveling to and from the hidden refuge of Imladris allowed him to quickly make his way through the woods. Another couple of hours should see him home and getting warm by the fire he thought as he adjusted his cloak against the cold. He glanced up at the sky, what he could see of it through the tall fir trees that towered above him, and frowned at the dark grey clouds. Aragorn hoped he would arrive before more snow began falling. He tried to remember the last time he had been in Imladris for Yule but was unable to think of a time since he had returned to his own people when he was a young man. He had not even spent Yule in Dolomar with his Dúnedain kinsmen or with Halbarad for seven or eight years. Yule was usually spent out in the wilderness huddled around a small fire, though once or twice he had been in Bree. Still, Aragorn mused as he listened closely to the birds and the sounds of the forest, there was the possibility that he might not be celebrating Yule indoors this year either, but on the journey south to destroy the Ring. It depended on whether or not the other scouts had returned and what news they bore. He could only hope that none of them had found any sign of the Ring-wraiths. Neither he nor his Rangers had found any signs that pointed to their presence and so he could only hope that… he pulled sharply on the reins at the sound of a rapidly approaching horse. Even though the horse, for it was clearly only one horse, was coming from the direction of home, Aragorn drew his sword halfway out of its sheath. Even within the bounds of Imladris he was cautious, especially so after recent events. But the sound of the horse seemed odd to him and it wasn't until the horse burst into sight that he realized what it was. The horse was riderless and wearing no tack, so there were none of the sounds he normally heard with a horse and rider – the faint creaking of leather and the jingling of bridles and straps. But that is not what made his mouth drop open. It was the beautiful white horse itself as it came to a full stop in front of him, breathing out puffs of white steam into the cold air and its wide, brown eyes that seemed to be looking him over appraisingly. "Asfaloth! What are you doing here? Where is Glorfindel?" asked Aragorn, looking around for the elf. Asfaloth shook his head, snorting, and Aragorn could swear there was a mischievous gleam in the stallion's eyes as it shook its head before turning and trotting into the woods, heading down the steep slope of a ravine toward one of the many small streams that fed into the Bruinen River. Aragorn sat for a moment trying to decide whether he should follow the horse or go and look for Glorfindel. It was the look in the intelligent horse's eyes that decided it for him. Somehow Asfaloth had escaped from the stables and was enjoying an afternoon in the woods without Glorfindel's knowledge. While the horse would probably return to Imladris as soon as it was done 'playing', Aragorn did not want to leave Asfaloth with the snowstorm coming. Scowling and mumbling under his breath he pulled Roheryn off the trail and followed the white stallion. 0-0-0-0 Pippin leaned against the tall fir tree breathing hard. He ran his fingers around inside the collar of his cloak, pulling it away from his neck and trying to cool down. But his hands were icy and he quickly stuck them inside his cloak and under his arm to warm them up. He'd been running as long and as fast as he could and he still hadn't caught sight of Glorfindel's horse. The hobbit looked up as a few snowflakes began drifting down and he gave a low moan. Fresh snow would cover the tracks he was following. Pushing himself away from the tree, Pippin began to trot on. A loud shout from behind made him stop and look back. "Wait, Pippin!" Merry cried. Pippin flinched. What was his cousin doing in the woods; had he been following him? More importantly, had Merry seen what he'd done? With a small inward sigh he turned and walked back to meet him. 0-0-0-0 Finding the garden empty of hobbits, Legolas strolled over to the stables certain he would find Merry and Pippin. What he found, however, was a building in an uproar. At least as much as these Noldor elves ever showed any sort of panic, he thought to himself; enough that they did not notice him as he stood watching from the shadows near the door as the stable hands spoke animatedly to one another, some waving their hands about. He glanced up at the tall, golden-haired elf that stopped beside him. "Do you know what this is all about, Lord Glorfindel?" Legolas asked in a low voice. Glorfindel's bright blue eyes were twinkling as he answered. "It appears Asfaloth has gone missing. Again. The grooms are most concerned that I will be upset with them." "Are you?" asked Legolas even as he considered whether or not the hobbits might have anything to do with the missing horse. "No," Glorfindel said with a soft laugh, "but do not tell them that. This is the second time this year he has escaped and I do expect the grooms to watch our horses more carefully. However, Asfaloth is a very intelligent and somewhat mischievous horse and that he found a way to leave is not surprising." "I wonder if he had help," murmured Legolas, even though he did not believe it possible. Glorfindel turned his head sharply and looked at him. "What do you mean? Help from whom?" "Merry and Pippin are missing. Master Samwise asked me to look for them and they were not in the garden where he thought they might be. But I do not think…" Glorfindel interrupted him. "That explains much," said the Elf-lord, shaking his head. "I do hope they did not try to ride him. But, no, Asfaloth would not allow that," he said. "Pippin and Merry are too small to have let him out," Legolas protested. "And there are too many elves here; someone would have seen them." Glorfindel made a low sound that might have been a laugh, but Legolas was uncertain. "You do not yet know what a hobbit is capable of doing, young Thranduilion. Do not let their looks deceive you. Come," he said, walking out from the shadows and approaching the stable hands who quieted at his appearance. With a small frown furrowing his brow, Legolas followed. "Lord Glorfindel," a stable hand exclaimed, his eyes widening in surprise. "Rochthros," the elf-lord acknowledged, inclining his head. "It appears Asfaloth has once again escaped from the stables. Did someone leave his stall door unlatched?" he inquired pleasantly. Legolas could not tell if Glorfindel was jesting with the stable hands or not. The elves certainly did not think so. "No, my lord, it was tightly secured after I filled his manger and gave him fresh water right after noon." "I spoke to him a few hours ago," said another elf, "and the latch seemed secure then. Although," he admitted, "I did not check it." Glorfindel glanced at Legolas. "Merry and Pippin then." Legolas gave a reluctant nod and followed the older elf out the rear door where a light snow was beginning to fall. Several stables hands followed along murmuring amongst themselves. There were too many tracks of horses near the door so they walked some distance away toward the woods before Glorfindel paused and crouched down, studying something. Legolas joined him. "Asfaloth's tracks," Glorfindel said, pointing to the large horse prints in the snow. He pointed to the other tracks. "Hobbit tracks… about two hours old." "It appears you were right," admitted Legolas, wondering how the hobbits had managed to free the horse. "Yes, of course," said the Elf-lord with smiling eyes before turning back to the tracks. "Now…" he was interrupted by one of the other elves. "Hobbits, my lord?" "We believe young Merry and Pippin have freed Asfaloth. We will discuss how they were able to do that