Disclaimer:I do not own any of the recognizable characters; I am only borrowing them for fun for a little while. They belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. Many thanks to J, Fiondil, and Marsha for beta reading this chapter for me. Author's Note: Probably AU as I doubt that Elladan and Elrohir would have returned to the Dúnedain villages while Aragorn was growing up in Imladris, or if they did, then they would not have spoken about Aragorn. There would have been too much risk involved and they were trying to keep his existence a secret. Dolomar is a Dúnedain village from my Brothers at Heart story. A Little Misunderstanding Halhigal and Halbarad looked up at the cry of welcome that rang out, breaking the quiet of the late afternoon. A brief smile crossed the lips of the man at the sight of the two elves riding through the village gate while the little boy just stared. Carefully setting aside the sword he had been sharpening, Halhigal left the smithy and hurried towards the gate with his son trotting alongside him. "Who are they, Ada?" Halbarad asked, glancing up at his father and then back at the elves who were dismounting. "The Lords Elladan and Elrohir, sons of Elrond, Lord of Imladris," Halhigal replied automatically but somewhat absently as a frown creased his brow. "Oh," said the boy, his face almost an exact replica of his father's as he tried to remember when he had seen the elves before; they looked so familiar to him. But he knew that he would have to ask his father later because he seemed very worried about something. The elves were so tall that Halbarad had to tilt his head way back to see their faces. It was then he realized that they looked the same and his frown deepened into a scowl. "Well met, my lords," Halhigal greeted the brothers with a slight bow before tightly grasping their arms in turn. "Well met indeed, Halhigal," said Elrohir, Elladan echoing his greeting as he glanced around the village. "Gilost, Baisael, come and take their horses," Halhigal called to the two young men who were lingering at the gate. Elrohir turned his gaze down on Halbarad and a soft smile graced his lips. "It is good to see you again, young one. You have grown much since I saw you last." Halbarad's eyes widened as he stared at Elrohir. His gaze flicked to Elladan and then back to Elrohir. Fear overcame him as he slowly remembered who they were and when he had seen them before. They had taken Aragorn away! His ada had said that Aragorn would come back someday, but now these elves were here and Aragorn wasn't with them. Halbarad began backing away from Elrohir. What if they wanted to take him this time? He was not going to go with them; he did not want to leave his ada and his nana and his friends. With a small cry, Halbarad turned and dashed away, aiming for his favorite hiding place in a small shed at the back of the smithy. 0-0-0-0-0 Halhigal stared after Halbarad, absolutely shocked. What had gotten into the boy, he wondered. He'd never seen him act that way before; his son had appeared absolutely terrified. He glanced back at the elves to see dismay reflected in Elrohir's eyes while an expression he could not read graced Elladan's face. "We will see to the horses ourselves while you see to your son," said Elladan, turning and following the young men who were even now leading the horses into the stables. "Forgive me…" Halhigal held up his hand to interrupt Elrohir's apology. "There's nothing to forgive; we don't even know what's wrong," he said, shaking his head a little. "Come to the house when you've settled your horses." Elrohir gave one short nod of his head before following his brother to the stables. As he walked in the direction Halbarad had run, Halhigal tried to think of anything that might be bothering his son. He had seen the elves before; they'd been in Dolomar several times in the past six or seven years, though not since they'd taken Aragorn and Gilraen to Imladris almost two years ago. That thought gave him pause. What had brought the elf-lords to the village? Was something wrong with young Aragorn? No, he quickly decided, neither elf had appeared ill at ease or unduly upset as if they were the bearer of bad news. Halhigal well remembered the day Elladan and Elrohir had brought home the body of Arathorn son of Arador. Never had he seen elves as visibly emotional or distraught as he had that day. He stopped near the smithy, frowning, and looking around. "If you're looking for Halbarad, he went around the back of the smithy." Halhigal turned his gaze to Faelon who was sitting nearby on a wooden bench with his injured leg propped up on a small piece of firewood. His young daughter, Braniell, was sitting cross-legged on the grass in front of the Ranger, playing with her doll. But she paused and stared up at the acting chieftain for a brief moment before returning to her play. "Thank you. How do you fare?" Halhigal asked, gesturing towards the bandaged leg. Faelon was fortunate that the orc's blade hadn't been poisoned; the long, deep, ragged gash ran from his upper thigh to his knee. He owed his life to the competent hands of the patrol's healer and to his patrol captain who had pushed their horses hard to get them home quickly enough that the village healer was able to complete the job the young healer had begun. "I'm doing well. I won't be re-joining my patrol for awhile though." "Ladreníl's patrol will be back in a few months and…" "Halbarad was crying," Braniell interrupted Halhigal and he looked down at her, startled by her words. His son was crying? When he wasn't injured in any way? The boy was seven years old… he shook himself from his thoughts. He wouldn't find the answers to his questions standing here. "I best go find him then," he said with a swift glance at Faelon who gave the smallest of shrugs. Puzzled, and wondering if he should get Nimrie – a thought he quickly dismissed – Halhigal continued on his way. 0-0-0-0-0 Elrohir silently brushed Caranor as he waited for the boys to finish their chores and leave the stables. He did not want them to overhear his conversation with Elladan regarding Halbarad. While Men were often uneasy, even fearful, around him and other elves, never had he seen such terror as he'd seen in the little boy's eyes. That the child was Dúnedain made it even more unusual, especially as Halbarad had seen him before. Elrohir glanced toward the door as the boys left and then turned when his brother spoke. "We should not have come," said Elladan, a hard edge to his voice that Elrohir seldom heard. "Perhaps not," he conceded. "Yet Gilraen asked that we…" "One of the patrols would have passed on word of her and Estel's well being," Elladan interrupted. "You know that. We should not have come back," he repeated softly, one hand tightly clenching the brush he was holding, the other wrapped in the thick black mane of his horse. Elrohir set his brush down and went to his brother, opening the stall door and stepping inside. He absently patted Pilimor as he placed a hand on Elladan's shoulder. "It was not your fault, Elladan," he said, repeating words he had spoken many times over the past year and a half, words that had fallen on deaf ears. "Not even Adar could have helped him." "But the orcs would not have had a chance to shoot Arathorn if I had returned earlier with the scouting party. There would have been enough of us to protect him and he would still be alive," said Elladan, staring down at the straw covered floor. Elrohir stared at him, nonplused. So that was what was truly upsetting his brother. Always before had he indicated his grief and anger was because of his inability to do anything to heal Arathorn. An arrow to the eye was not something anyone recovered from and so Elladan's self-recrimination had confused Elrohir. It had never occurred to him that his brother believed his mere presence earlier in the battle could have saved their friend. He was simply thankful that Elladan and the others had returned and driven off the remaining orcs before many more of the Rangers had been killed or wounded. "You cannot truly believe that, Elladan!" he finally said, tightening his grip on his twin's shoulder. "Those orcs fell on us unexpectedly and nothing you could have done would have saved Arathorn. He died in the first few minutes of the battle and no one could have protected him from an arrow – you know that. Why do you persist in believing it was your fault, my brother?" Silence filled the stables; the only sounds the shuffling of horses' feet on the straw in their stalls and an occasional snort or low whicker from one of the animals. Elrohir was quite content to simply wait for Elladan to speak, knowing full well that he would as soon as he had gathered his thoughts. It took longer than Elrohir thought it would and he had begun wiping down Elladan's saddle when his brother began to speak, his voice low as if to make sure that no one overheard him. "Before we left Imladris I had a dream that showed Arathorn in danger." Elladan looked up and stared hard at his brother. "I did not believe it to be a vision - you know I do not have the gift of foresight such as Adar has, but I was uneasy nonetheless. I did not see him dying, just in some sort of grave danger… it was not a clear picture," he said, shaking his head slightly. "I swore that I would not leave his side while we were on that patrol, but someone needed to scout ahead…" "And I was injured," Elrohir interrupted his brother. It had not been a severe injury, a small slice to his calf that had required stitches, but Elladan had insisted he stay behind. "Do you blame me for Arathorn's death then?" he asked, watching his brother closely and seeing his twin's eyes widen in surprise. "You? Why would I blame you?" Elrohir gave a small shrug. "Why would you not? If I had not been so foolish as to let that orc's sword slice open my leg, then I would have been out scouting and you could have protected Arathorn as you had planned." Elladan simply stared at his brother for a long moment. He finally took a deep breath and turned away, leaning against the wall and staring at the back of the stall. "It is foolish of me to think that I could have stopped it, but…" "But you were close to Arathorn, and now you see Gilraen without a husband and young Estel without a father and wish you could have done something different," Elrohir said in a quiet voice. "It was not your fault, Elladan, you know that is true." He studied the back of his brother, uncertain as to what else he could say to convince him. "I do know that," Elladan finally replied, turning around as he did so. "I have known it since it happened, Elrohir, but, still I feel I should have done more. Though," he said with a soft sigh, "I know not what that is." Elrohir embraced his brother tightly; there were no words he could offer in comfort. Elladan clung to him for a moment, then stepped back a pace, a wan smile on his lips. "Perhaps we did need to come here, my brother." "Perhaps," Elrohir agreed as he left the stall to return to his own