Disclaimer:I do not own any of the recognizable characters; I am only borrowing them for fun for a little while. They belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. Many thanks to my Beta Readers – J. and Marsha In Aragorn's Safekeeping Epilogue: Life in the King's House Introduction: If you have not read 'In Aragorn's Safekeeping' you may as well stop right now as this will make no sense to you. This is an epilogue / sequel to that story that I promised to write. You may want to go and read that story - though I warn you it is very long! If you are still reading this, then I'm assuming that you have read 'Safekeeping' and have knowledge of the characters, setting, etc. This epilogue / sequel picks up several months after Rebecca, Thomas, Aragorn, and Arwen have returned from Rohan after saying good-bye to the other members of the Fellowship and the elves, etc., and are pretty well settled into their new lives. As it is an epilogue it just starts right into the story without any introduction of characters as I do assume that you know them and the basic circumstances surrounding them. If you have questions, please feel free to email me. I will tell you that updates on this will probably be slow as my first priority will remain my 'Brothers at Heart' story. I had originally planned to wait until I had this completely finished before I began posting it, but I as I had some of it done I felt I should post it as it has been six months since I finished 'Safekeeping' and I had promised to do this. Besides, I've missed writing about Rebecca and Thomas and it's been fun for me to write about them again. This will be pretty self-indulgent on my part and I hope to wrap up several loose ends from 'Safekeeping' that I just couldn't fit in at the time. As there will be four or five chapters to this I suppose it is probably more of a sequel than an epilogue, but it 'feels' more like an epilogue than a true sequel so that's what I'm calling it:) Thanks for all of you who have been patiently waiting for this – Radbooks 0-0-0-0-0 Chapter 1 – Questions & Concerns Thomas poked his head into the library and found Rebecca curled up in a chair next to the crackling fire reading and sipping tea. She looked up and smiled as he crossed the room and she set her drink down on the small table beside her as he perched on the arm of her chair and leaned down and kissed her. "Good afternoon, my lady Rebecca," he said with a smile. "Hello, Thomas," she replied, stretching slightly in the chair. "How are things in the Kingdom of Gondor and Arnor?" He shrugged, "About the same, food is coming in from the South and heading to Rohan on a regular basis, orcs have been seen here and there in some of the more distant parts of Ithilien, but the Rangers are dealing with them. Elessar is still talking with some of the trade Guilds about how we might start doing some business with the people in the North. Anything happen in the Houses of Healing today?" "I'm learning about how to take care of burns," she replied, "and a woman brought in a little girl that had fallen and cut herself and they finally let me do stitches." Rebecca gave him a rueful smile, "It seems that they finally trust me to do that." Thomas stared at her in disbelief, "They just now think you can do that? After all you did during the war?" "I'm very young for a healer, Thomas, and they don't really know what I've done, I've never really talked about it with any of them. I don't know what Adar told the Warden when he arranged for me to go there so he might know. It's obvious I've had some training as a healer, but remember I was trained by elves and I'm not sure they totally trust what I've been taught." "So they've been teaching you from the beginning again?" Thomas asked, not understanding how the healers could be so foolish. "No, not really, once they see I already know and understand something they move on," she explained. "It's actually gotten better since we returned from Edoras a couple of months ago, though I don't know why. I'm only there three days a week and there haven't been too many times when stitches were needed anyway," she shrugged. "It's all right, Thomas, its good for me to learn how they do things here." "I suppose so," he dropped the subject since Rebecca didn't seem particularly upset about it, though it still bothered him that she was treated that way. "What are you reading?" he asked, taking the book from her hand and flipping through the pages. "A box arrived from Edoras today," she exclaimed, "and that one is a history of the Riddermark and I just barely started it. I only got here a few minutes before you did." She arose from the chair and crossed to the table where a small pile of books was lying. "There's one here that you might actually like," she looked back at him and smiled. Thomas grinned, "And why do you think that?" "It's about horses, I think Éomer put it in," Rebecca handed him a small, leather bound book and Thomas looked through it with interest, stopping occasionally to read a sentence or two. "Do you mind if I take it with me?" Rebecca shook her head. Thomas pulled a chair out from the table for Rebecca and she sat, looking at him questioningly as he sat next to her. He stared out into the garden for a moment watching the rain, which had been steadily falling all day, drip off the leaves of the shrubs and small trees. Turning back to her, he took her hand and said quietly, "You know that Thanksgiving would be celebrated next week… what do you want to do?" "I know, I've been thinking about it and I don't see any problems with celebrating it here, it's an easy holiday to explain… giving thanks to God… Eru for the freedoms we have and harvest… and having a family dinner. It's pretty simple and I know Aragorn and Arwen would enjoy it. Thanksgiving is not the holiday I'm worried about." Thomas nodded, "I know, Christmas is. But when do you want to have Thanksgiving? Should we just pick a date and have it the same every year, instead of trying to explain how it's the fourth Thursday of the eleventh month? I think it might be easier." Rebecca shrugged, "That's fine, it doesn't really matter what day we celebrate it. Let's have it… Hísimë 23, that would be close to the date," and Thomas nodded. "But, Thomas before we even talk about Christmas we have to talk about something else," she looked away and then stood and walked back to the fire to warm herself. Thomas slowly followed her and waited patiently for her to continue. "Aragorn and I were talking once when we were returning to Edoras and I suddenly wondered how we were going to explain to our children that we were from another time." She looked up at Thomas with a bewildered expression. " Adar assured me that we would be able to explain things to them and I know that we will, but I wonder if we really want to celebrate a holiday like Christmas that has no meaning here, even if it has meaning for us. Won't it just confuse them and make things harder?" Thomas sat down on the couch nearest the fire and pulled Rebecca down beside him, his eyes narrowed in thought. He stared into the fire and absently caressed Rebecca's hand for a time before he turned to her and spoke softly. "Rebecca, I know that there are so many things that our children are never going to know or be able to understand about us, but I do want them to have some sense of their heritage. Some idea of who we are… who they are and I think one way to do that is through celebrating holidays. They won't understand them until they are older because no one else will be celebrating them, but it can be just our special family tradition. And while I'm willing to give up many things because this is our home now, I don't want to lose all of who I am either." "Well, no, I don't want to either, but I was just trying to think of the children and making it easier for them." She bit her lip and thought for a moment, "Maybe having a special holiday will actually make it easier when we do have to explain where we're from because they'll know how important it is to us since we've been celebrating special holidays since they were babies." Rebecca shook her head and sighed in frustration, "I just don't know, Thomas, I just want them to fit in here as much as possible." "Rebecca, if we can fit in here, our children will," Thomas smiled, "and they should have an easier time. But they will be raised here in the Citadel and so their lives are going to be very different anyway. They won't be like the children down in the lower parts of the city and so having special traditions won't be that unusual… at least I don't think so. We can ask Aragorn and Arwen what they think; we need to talk to them about Thanksgiving anyway." "No, you're right," Rebecca agreed, "we should talk to them, but I do think we need to celebrate it in some way, its important. Now we just have to decide how to celebrate Christmas." "Well, Santa Claus is out, I am not going to try and explain him to Aragorn, Arwen, and Halbarad," Thomas said, grinning and Rebecca laughed. "At least they've heard of Christmas since I told them A Christmas Carol , but I have no idea how to explain the birth of Christ, there isn't anything like church here and so there isn't anything we can compare it to. I assume that Eru is just another name for God, but where do we go from there?" Thomas shook his head, having wondered the same thing for some time and had not come up with any answers. "The closest thing to any kind of religious thing is the Standing Silence, when they… we honor Eru and the Valar, it's very strange," he murmured. The two of them talked for awhile, trying to decide how to explain an event that had not even happened yet, that wouldn't happen for thousands of years. Then they discussed their own beliefs and if being in the past changed them in any way and came up with ways to honor and practice those beliefs, though they knew that some things would just have to be set aside. They were back to discussing how to celebrate Christmas when the door opened and Aragorn walked in. "Are you two coming to supper?" he asked, frowning. Thomas quickly glanced out the window and was amazed to see that night had fallen and he realized that he and Rebecca had been talking for well over an hour. He stood and helped Rebecca up, "Yes, we're coming, we just lost track of the time. I'm sorry, Adar" Rebecca repeated the apology as the two of them crossed the room towards Aragorn. Aragorn eyed them closely before opening the door and starting down the hall towards the dining room. "What troubles you so much that you would be late?" Exchanging a swift glance with Rebecca, Thomas asked Aragorn a question instead of answering. "Are you and Arwen busy after supper? We'd like to talk with you, if you have