Title: Just A Family Author: Psalm 136 Summary: No one understands he doesn't belong. Except Estel, of course. A/n: A story idea I got from reading a fic about Estel thinking everyone forgot his sixth birthday. Its by Liek. And if the reviews point to it, I shall add on more. But I don't know. You tell me if I should. Also, note that although this is going up under CoalTrain's account, all credit goes to Psalm 136 -End random comment from CoalTrain Disclaimer: insert typical disclaimer that basically says the plot is only partially mine and that I don't own anyone Just A Family XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Estel wandered around the beautiful Imladris, his eyes on the floor. Once again he was lectured by Glorfindel. Once again he was lectured by Erestor. He didn't remember exactly what they said, but what he had gotten out of their speeches was that he was too young to understand life and that he should really grow up. But he sighed. Didn't they understand he aged faster than elves? He was fourteen. He wasn't a child. He kind of just plopped down on the floor by a window, his head leaning against the wall beside the curtains. He was partially hidden by plants so if anyone passed by, they either didn't see him or didn't care that he was sitting alone. The once exuberant boy had now just grown up. And he hated every bit of it. Nostalgia filled him as he thought back on the days when he would run to Ada when he scraped his knee or the elflings teased him. He remembered when Elladan and Elrohir would take him out into the rain, just so he could dance around. He remembered the two reading him stories, teaching him about girls, and just being his big brothers in whose arms he felt completely safe. He remembered running around and giggling, trying to hide from Glorfindel when he and the twins had pranked him. Well, Estel was all grown up now. And no one realized it. He spent most of the day there, trying to figure out ways to prove his worth, to prove he wasn't just a child. At first, talking to Elladan and Elrohir seemed the best resolution. But he decided against that. Running to his brothers made him only seem more childish. "I don't need them. I don't need any of them!" Estel whispered fiercely, anger building in his chest until he felt like he would burst. But it was a good thing, to be filled with blind wrath and rage. He felt like he could take on the entirety of Imladris… and win. He got up, trying his best not to trip over his own feet. He swore violently in Dwarven and forced himself to walk as best he could. He wasn't a little child to get frustrated by his own legs. He would force them to cooperate. He would force himself to be grown up. He wasn't weak or childish. "Estel!" Elladan's deeper voice called him. He didn't turn. "Estel!" He tried again, and then sped up, grabbing his younger brother by the arm. "What?" The mortal asked in a scathing tone. "Calm down, little one. I was just wondering if you would like to partake in a prank that does NOT include Ada's wine, pillow feathers and honey." His eyes twinkled, despite his innocent face. "Shut up, stupid." The fourteen-year-old glared and walked away, clenching his fists and gritting his teeth. Stupid Elladan, thinking he'd want to act like such a child. He wasn't six. He was fourteen! Fourteen! NOT A CHILD. His anger filled him again and he nearly started to shake as he walked along. He didn't even notice that Legolas had arrived. He just shut himself in his room for the rest of the day and didn't come out to dinner. He knew he didn't belong. He didn't belong. Estel looked around his room and tears filled his eyes, but they were angry ones. He had lived here for twelve years and they all babied him and he hated it. He didn't need them. So there was only one thing to do. And it wasn't screaming curses and knocking things over (because he was already busy doing that). He had to get out of there. He was a disgrace and he was worthless. He couldn't even swing a sword right. He was so…. Human. Estel packed up a rucksack and pushed open the doors to his balcony and then climbed down. He had always done that when Elladan or Elrohir would collect him for a prank. They lied to him. They said they loved him. How could they love him when he was edain? Dropping to the ground, he used every skill in tracking to hide his footsteps as he stole away from the Last Homely House. There was a fire in him that demanded he leave. And who better to trust than himself? He didn't lie to himself. It was when it started raining that he realized in his haste he had forgotten to pack food. He kept plodding on. He couldn't rest the night and the rain would shield his footsteps so he could rest when the storm was over. And it didn't matter if he rested. He could die out there and no one would care. And he would be happy, being away from them. He was edain. They were firstborn. They were perfect, he was nothing more than a sinful, clumsy human. He let out a furious scream and threw his rucksack into the woods. That was probably one of the worst ideas he had ever had in his entire life. For where he cast his bag, came a bear. It was big and mean looking and when it snorted, fog came from its nose. That never meant good things were to come. He gulped nervously and looked around, trying to find a place to run. He was surrounded by a great forest, but the bear knew it better than even he did. And the thought scared him. He yelped and just started to run, forgetting his Ada's words about bears. Estel was quickly running out of breath. He had walked a long while and didn't have the hidden reserves of strength the elves did so he found himself panting and his steps were getting heavier. Even his fears didn't propel him. But his determination did. He wasn't going to die by some old bear. He would die in a way he saw fit and dying at fourteen wasn't a way of dying he saw fit, quite honestly. His long, gangly legs betrayed him. He stumbled over a log, falling fast first into the mud. XXX Elrond sat in his study, busy writing a few papers. He hummed a tune Celebrian would always sing as she went about her day. He put down his pen in the inkwell and blew on the paper, insuring that the ink wouldn't smear and he wouldn't have to start over. He massaged his hand, for he had been writing for quite a long time. He stood up and put his long robe back on. He paced in his study, glad for once Estel wasn't getting into trouble and he could have quiet. It was only quiet because the twins weren't back yet. They were probably just caught in the rain. Elrond had faith in his twin sons, so he was hardly worried. There was just the paranoid paternal instincts inside him that one of his sons was in trouble. But he shook his head. He was just being silly. He hadn't slept much in the past weeks, for Estel was going into the teenage years, in which humans were rebellious and a handful of trouble. Would that boy ever learn? A small smile came to his face, despite the current situation with his foster son. Even though Estel wasn't like the elflings, since he couldn't exceed in everything for his human blood wouldn't permit it, he was still a strong boy and would certainly be a good King. Elrond knew it. The half elf had known Arathorn and Gilraen, and if Estel was anything like them, he would be a King not even time could erase from the minds of humans. "Milord?" Glorfindel rushed in, looking rather frazzled. Elrond sighed, rubbing his temples. "What has Estel done this time?" He had wished for some peace. He had thought the teenaged boy would settle in his room with a book or something because it was raining. He could only imagine; mud all over the floors, mud in place of Glorfindel's hair wash… which caused him to wonder. Why WAS Glorfindel the target of all pranks that came to be in Imladris. His thoughts were broken by the Balrog Slayer's voice. "He has run…" "Around with mud?" "No, Elrond… Estel has run away from Imladris." Time stopped for Elrond. What was that boy thinking? Did he want to die in the rain? Did he want to be attacked by a bear or something? But any angry or remotely angry thoughts disappeared with one glance out at the rainy Rivendell. "Are there any places he could have gone?" "No, I don't even know how he got out. His balcony doors were tightly shut and nothing was out of place." The blonde replied. "I shall go out now." Elrond shook his head. "No, he will come back when he's ready. He's not stupid. He will come back." I hope… Elrond thought desperately. Glorfindel had his better judgment and knew he should be already searching for the boy, but he couldn't disobey a direct order. He had too much respect for the Lord of Imladris to do so. His ears twitched as he heard two familiar voices and groaned, much to the amusement of Elrond. "It is not funny." He whispered, hoping the twins wouldn't overhear them and know they were in the study. "Oh, but it is." Elrond replied in the same soft tone of voice. "You don't get pranked non stop." "But they are my sons." Both were silent as Glorfindel struggled to come up with an answer, trying to keep his mind on the conversation and not on a probably cold, sick, hungry human boy in the forest. "Good point." He agreed. XXX Before Estel knew it, the bear was upon him and its mighty jaws descended on the helpless human's leg. Estel screamed, but no one could hear him. The thunder crashed and the lightning flashed above him and he started to sob. He kicked the bear with his other leg, but it only continued to crush his left leg in its jaws. He could feel the blood pouring out and joining with the mud. He screamed and kicked it again, trying to scramble away, but the bear bit his side. He struggled, but then remembered what Elladan had told him to do: play dead. Estel took a deep breath and then held it, and stopped moving. He had learned a lot from elves and could be pretty convincing when he 'played' anything. The bear sniffed him and slashed his back a few times, just to make sure he was 'dead' and then roared, chasing after a deer caught in the rain. Estel let out the breath and tried to move with his injuries. He could move, but not well. He crawled over to a tree and used the support to stand up. He knew immediately that his leg was broken. A rib was cracked. But he could limp heavily and continue moving. Maybe when he reached a human village, they could tend to his wounds for free, since he now had nothing but the muddy clothes on his back and the dagger at his waist. In his fear, he had forgotten all about it. The pain was excruciating. He whimpered every time he moved, but his stupidity, bull-headedness and determination forced him to continue. He