This is a continuation of IdentityUnveiled, Powers Unsheathed for those who wanted it... otherwise read the epilogue, coming hopefully in a few days. - They remained at Imladris for several days. Elizabette and Súláríl rode alone in the bright warm forests, enjoying the difference from Mirkwood. Did I do right? Elizabette asked Súláríl. I do not know. You did, I think, Súláríl replied reassuringly. You have no reason to return to your own world, and you do not belong in Middle- Earth. Hopefully you will feel that you belong on Valinor. Elizabette was slightly relieved. I could not go back, she said. After seeing that anything is possible... And Legolas told me that my world hides the true identities of people. How do I know who is evil? I never trusted Matron, but I did not know that she was so horrible... or that she came from Middle- Earth. And how did she get here- or there? She must have had some method, yet if it was that easy why do not other people come here? Súláríl replied, Perhaps there is only one world after all, and there are different levels of consciousness. No, Elizabette said decidedly, Middle- Earth is a different world. I would know if it was the same. But I do not understand how the Lieutenant could have traveled... or indeed how Legolas and I got here. Perhaps we will never know, Súláríl replied. Unexpected and Unwelcome Visitors A few days later they were again in the dim forest of Mirkwood. The elves had laid a fire with dry sticks of wood that had fallen from dying trees. Legolas had climbed a tree and was sitting on the uppermost branches, looking out over the treetops. The others sat in small groups around the fire. Legolas jumped down lightly from the tree. His gaze strayed over the other elves, pausing when he noticed that Elizabette was not there. He saw her after a moment, though her blue dress blended with the shadows. She sat several yards away from the fire, alone. Her head was bowed and her shoulders stiff and tense. Legolas could not tell if she was crying. "Elizabette?" he asked. "Are you all right?" "Yes," she replied flatly without moving. Legolas frowned slightly. "What is wrong?" Elizabette did not reply. Legolas lowered his voice. "Are you regretting your decision?" Elizabette looked up. Legolas could not read her expression, and her eyes were downcast. "Decision?" she asked blankly. "Oh. My decision to go to Valinor. I do not wish to speak of it right now." Legolas frowned again. "What is wrong, Elizabette?" She seemed not to hear him. She did not move but the elf sensed that she was listening intently. Suddenly she stood, startling everyone. She stared to the west, her sharp eyes penetrating the oppressive dimness. She smiled grimly. "Yes. They are coming." Legolas looked in the same direction. He detected a slight movement, and as he watched he saw a small band of orcs, formidable, spear- carrying. "Orcs...?" he said, but Elizabette cut him off. She turned to the other elves, most of whom were staring to the west. "You will stay back," she said. She was not warning them, nor was she giving any sort of order. She was merely stating a fact. Feláren, a female elf who had become friends with Elizabette, protested, "You cannot mean to fight them by yourself..." A fire burned in her gray eyes. "I do not mean to fight them," she said. She did not elaborate. She began to turn back to the west, but Legolas caught her eye and she stopped. Their gaze held. After a long moment, Elizabette shook her head slightly. "No, Legolas," she said softly, "this I must do alone." The other elves watched them curiously. They could hear Elizabette perfectly but none of them understood. Elizabette glanced quickly to the west. The orcs were drawing nearer. The noise that they made as they ran was terrible to the delicate ears of the elves. The orcs seemed to enjoy crushing green things that were hardly in their path. She glanced back at the elf. Legolas could not read her expression. Her gray eyes were bottomless and her face controlled. Nevertheless, he understood what she meant. She stared into his eyes until he nodded slightly. Then she turned swiftly away. The orcs approached. Elizabette strode forward, each step altogether balanced and confident. She stopped as they ran up. Legolas could see easily that they were perfectly ready to slice her head off. She drew her sword in one fluid motion. The white metal rang as it came free of the hardened leather sheath. "You will leave," she said. Her passionate tones resonated clearly in the silent forest. The orcs laughed. Legolas grimaced in hatred at their rough amusement. The gravelly jeering tones reverberated in his head. Elizabette did not move but Legolas saw the delicate bones of her back stiffen almost imperceptibly. She waited for the laughter to die out. The leader of the orcs spoke. He was the tallest and the grimiest, his rusted helm caked in age-old dirt. He said, "These warrior elves let a weakling maiden defend them!" He paused as the others laughed. "What will they do when you are dead, maid?" He joined the mocking laughter. Elizabette gritted her teeth but did not move. The leader suddenly thrust his heavy rusted broad- bladed sword at her. She parried the blow with a quick slash of her own sword. The leader's sword shook under the jolt and he drew it away hastily. She did not give him a chance for surprise. She swung her sword at his head, then whirled it and quickly slashed at his arm. The feigned movement put him off guard and dark blood gushed from his hand. He roared in anger and drove his sword toward her. She swung out of the way and spun quickly, managing to get behind him. She pointed the tip of her sword at his neck. Just in time he turned and blocked her sword. Elizabette was concentrating on the leader and did not notice the other orcs approaching. She stabbed his other arm, this time the one that held the sword. He yelled, tones grating with hostility, and the other orcs closed in . One managed to cut Elizabette's arm from the elbow to the wrist, but she drove him back with a quick jab of the sword. She whirled in fury at the others and pushed them back. They jumped out of the way quickly, seeing the force of her anger. Elizabette stabbed her sword tip toward the leader. He leapt back, bringing up his heavy sword. She knocked it out of his hand with a quick twist of her own sword and stabbed at his shoulder. She stepped back and surveyed the orcs. They had bunched into a small group again, with the injured leader at the front. "This is the sword of Eärendil," she said, her voice cold and intense. "You will leave now or feel its bite." Without any warning she stepped forward and slashed at the leader. She cut his arm and it bled profusely. Legolas could see that she would not kill any of the orcs purposely. It was not in her nature; he was not sure that she would be able to do it. Yet the orcs watched her with fear. She stood still, waiting for them to move. Suddenly the leader jumped forward and stabbed again at her injured arm. She did not allow the dirty blade to touch her skin but thrust her blade toward his throat. He froze, blade stiff in his immobile hand. "Leave, or you will die." She spoke softly, but her tone was grim and menacing and it carried to the elves, standing at the fire. "Leave and never return." She drew the blade away from his neck and slashed again at his arm. With a sudden yell he turned and ran, the other orcs straggling after him. She stood and watched them for a moment, then turned and went back to the other elves. They stood by the fire, watching her. Elizabette glanced down at the sword and wiped it off on the dry grass. She sheathed it smoothly and went to stand by the other elves. "They will not return," she said. Legolas looked at her. "Let me see your arm," he said. She held it out. He examined the cut. "Does it hurt?" he asked. "No." Legolas frowned. "It should be bleeding." Elizabette shrugged. "It does not matter," she said. Legolas shook his head. "It does matter. If it does not hurt, and does not bleed, it could be poisoned." One of the female elves came over. "I have some athelas," she said. "Have you need of it?" Legolas considered for a moment. "Yes," he answered. "It would be well." He turned to Elizabette. "Sit down by the fire," he instructed. She sighed and sat down. She was weary, but she had fought well and she knew it. She smiled slightly. She had managed to drive away the orcs without killing any of them. Legolas came over and sat beside her. One of the other elves had set some water to boil in a pot over the fire. He tossed an athelas leaf into the warm water and a clean fragrance filled the air. Legolas glanced at her. "Why did you do it?" he asked softly. Elizabette looked up. "If you and the others had fought the orcs, some from both sides might be killed. I did not want that. The orcs might have killed me, but they did not." Legolas frowned. "Was it worth that? We could have fought." Elizabette shook her head. "I did not want anyone to die." Legolas smiled at her. "You did well," he said. "I cannot see how you can use a sword so well without ever being taught." Elizabette smiled. "Súláríl thinks that it is in my blood," she said, "though how he knows that I know not." I can sense it, Súláríl said into her mind. Elizabette shrugged. Legolas looked into the pot. The water was boiling and the athelas was ready. "I will do it, Legolas," offered a female elf, Anarel. Legolas glanced at her. He nodded. "You are a better healer than I." Anarel laughed lightly. "I do not think so," she replied, "but I have long studied the subject." Legolas moved away while Anarel bathed Elizabette's cut gently with the water. It did not hurt, but Elizabette felt a rest creep over the arm. She felt that the athelas had helped in some way. Legolas returned after a few minutes. "The course is clear," he said to the others. There are no other evil creatures near." Elizabette looked up. "Did you sense the orcs coming?" "No. I was weary and was not attentive. I will be on my guard now." Anarel wrapped Elizabette's arm gently with soft strips of cloth. "You fought well, My Lady," she said as she stepped away. "Thank you," Elizabette replied. The other elves soon slipped back into their Quenya conversations, though Elizabette sensed a difference in their tones. She remained seated on the ground, leaning against a strong old tree. After a few moments, Legolas came to sit nearby. "Did you know that the orcor (orcs) were coming, Elizabette?" he asked. "Yes." She said no more. Legolas frowned. "How?" he asked. "I felt nothing." "You said earlier that you were not paying attention," replied Elizabette. Legolas shrugged his shoulders. "May be," he said, "but you are avoiding the question." Elizabette sighed. "I sensed it," she said. "And I was also expecting them." Legolas did not pursue the subject. "You should sleep," he said. "Does your arm feel better?" Elizabette shook her head. "I cannot feel any difference," she answered. "It did not hurt before, and it does not now." Legolas said nothing more but Elizabette sensed that he