The Mysterious Warrior Some of this is as I am sure you are more than aware is from Harry Potter and the Chamber of secrets! This will also contain BDSM Tom/Harry Dom/Sub and not forced and probably underage (which I don't usually write) but nothing definitive at this point so please do not read this if you do not like it. Someone asked me to write a story similiar to Willing with Tom/Harry instead of Severus/Harry and this idea popped into my head. It may take a while for it to be updated as I want to get a few of my stories complete before I really begin updating this stories like Willing, The Vow, New Twilight and Alternative Dawn which are all close to their end :) - Like I've done with A war is Won :D I own nothing of the Harry Potter universe I just enjoy writing stories with the characters :) Chapter 1 "What about my sister?" Ron asked jerkily. "Well, as to that ― most unfortunate," Lockhart said, avoiding their eyes, wrenching open drawers and emptying the contents into a bag. "No one regrets more than I ―" "You're the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher!" Harry protested. "You can't go now! Not with all the dark stuff going on here!" "Well, I must say… when I took the job…" Lockhart muttered, now piling socks on top of his robes, "nothing in the job description … didn't expect…" "You mean you're running away?" Harry demanded disbelievingly. "After all that stuff in your books?" "Books can be misleading," Lockhart said delicately. "You wrote them!" Harry shouted. "My dear boy," Lockhart said, "Do use your common sense. My books wouldn't have sold half as well if people didn't think I'd done all those things. No one wants to read about some ugly old Armenian warlock, even if he did save a village from werewolves. He'd look dreadful on the front cover. No dress sense at all. And the witch who banished the Bandon Banshee had a hairy chin. I mean, come on…" "So you've just been taking credit for what a load of other people have done?" Harry asked incredulously. "Harry, Harry," Lockhart sighed, shaking his head impatiently "It's not nearly as simple as that. There was work involved. I had to track these people down. Ask them exactly how they managed to do what they did. Then I had to put a Memory Charm on them so they wouldn't remember doing it. If there's one thing I pride myself on, it's my Memory Charms. No, it's been a lot of work, Harry. It's not all book-signings and publicity photos, you know. You want fame; you have to be prepared for a long hard slog." He banged the lids of his trunks shut and locked them. "Let's see," he said. "I think that's everything. Yes. Only one thing left." He pulled out his wand and turned on them. "Awfully sorry, boys, but I'll have to put a Memory Charm on you now. Can't have you blabbing my secrets all over the place. I'd never sell another book…" Harry reached for his wand just in time. Lockhart had barely raised his, when Harry bellowed, " Expelliarmus! " Lockhart was blasted backwards, falling over his trunk. His wand flew high into the air; Ron caught it, and flung it out of the open window. "Shouldn't have let Professor Snape teach us that one," Harry said furiously, kicking Lockhart's trunk aside. Lockhart was looking up at him, wary once more. Harry was still pointing his wand at him. "What d'you want me to do?" Lockhart protested weakly. "I don't know where the Chamber of Secrets is. There's nothing I can do." "You're in luck," Harry said, forcing Lockhart to his feet at wand point. "We think we know where it is. And what's inside it. Let's go." It didn't take them long to enter the girls bathroom or for Harry to charm information out of Myrtle. "Harry," Ron suggested, "Say something. Something in Parseltongue." "But―" Harry broke off. "Open up," he said. "English," Ron said, shaking his head. "Open up," Harry hissed. The sink began moving; the sink, in fact, sank, right out of sight. It left a large pipe exposed a pipe wide enough for a man to slide into. "I'm going down there," Harry declared. "Me too," Ron volunteered. "Well, you hardly seem to need me," Lockhart said with a shadow of a smile. "I'll just ―" "You can go first," Ron snarled. White-faced and Wandless, Lockhart approached the opening. "Boys," he said his voice feeble, "Boys, what good will it do?" Harry jabbed him in the back with his wand. Lockhart slid his legs into the mouth of the pipe. "I really don't think ―" he started to say, but Ron gave him a push, and he slid out of sight. Harry followed quickly. He lowered himself slowly into the pipe, then let go. "We must be miles under the school," Harry commented, his voice echoing in the black tunnel. "Under the lake, probably," Ron said, squinting around at the dark, slimy walls. "Lumos!" Harry muttered to his wand, and it lit again. "C'mon," he said to Ron and Lockhart, and off they went, their footsteps slapping loudly on the wet floor. "Remember," Harry said quietly, as they walked cautiously forward, "Any sign of movement, close your eyes straight away…" "Harry, there's something up there…" Ron said hoarsely. "Maybe it's asleep," he breathed back at the other two. "Blimey," Ron gasped weakly, suddenly there was a commotion, and Lockhart had Ron's broken wand. "The adventure ends here, boys!" he said. "I shall take a bit of this skin back up to the school, tell them I was too late to save the girl, and you two tragically lost your minds at the sight of her mangled body. Say goodbye to your memories! Obliviate! " he added in a shout. The wand exploded with the force of a small bomb. Harry flung his arms over his head and ran, slipping over the coils of snake skin, out of the way of great chunks of tunnel ceiling which were thundering to the floor. The next moment he was standing alone, gazing at a solid wall of broken rock. "Ron!" he shouted. "Are you okay? Ron!" "I'm here!" Ron shouted back, his voice muffled through the rock. "I'm okay. This git's not, though ― he got blasted by the wand. What now?" Ron's voice sounded desperate. "We can't get through; it'll take ages…" "Wait there," Harry called to Ron. "Wait with Lockhart. I'll go on. If I'm not back in an hour…" There was silence for ages after that. "I'll try and shift some of this rock," Ron said; he seemed to be trying to keep his voice steady. "So you can ― can get back through. And, Harry ―" "See you in a bit," Harry said, trying to sound confident. "Ginny!" Harry muttered, sprinting to her and dropping to his knees. "Ginny! Don't be dead! Please don't be dead!" He flung his wand aside, grabbed Ginny's shoulders and turned her over. Her face was white as marble, and as cold, yet her eyes were closed, so she wasn't Petrified. But then she must be… "Ginny, please wake up," Harry muttered desperately, shaking her. Ginny's head lolled hopelessly from side to side. "She won't wake up," said a soft voice, watching Harry closely, becoming increasingly annoyed at the fact the boy was paying so much attention to the useless girl. "Tom ― Tom Riddle?" "What d'you mean, she won't wake?" Harry asked desperately "She's not ... she's not..." He was unable to form the sentence. "She's still alive," Riddle said, "but only just." Hearing his name usually left a foul taste in his throat…but coming from Harry it was somewhat adorable at how utterly naive he was. How had he gotten the better of his older self? "Are you a ghost?" Harry asked uncertainly. "A Memory," Riddle said quietly, "preserved in a diary for fifty years." "You've got to help me, Tom," Harry said, raising Ginny's head again. "We've got to get her out of here. There's a Basilisk… I don't know where it is, but it could be along any moment. Please, help me…" Tom did nothing other than bend over and pick up Harry's wand, which suited him very well, there was something familiar about the wand but he couldn't put his finger on it. "Thanks," Harry said, stretching out his hand for his wand. "Listen," Harry said urgently, his knees sagging with Ginny's dead weight, "we've got to go! If the Basilisk comes…" "It won't come until it's called," Riddle said calmly. "What do you mean?" Harry asked. "Look, give me my wand, I might need it." "You won't be needing it," Tom said. "What d'you mean, I won't be ―?" "I've waited a long time for this, Harry Potter," Riddle said. "For a chance to see you. To speak to you." "Look," Harry said, losing his patience, "I don't think you get it. We're in the Chamber of Secrets. We can talk later." "We're going to talk now," Riddle declared, as he pocketed Harry's wand. "How did Ginny get like this?" Harry asked finally, his green eyes beginning to comprehend the bigger picture. "Well, that's an interesting question," Riddle said pleasantly. "And quite a long story. I suppose the real reason Ginny Weasley's like this is because she opened her heart and spilled all her secrets to an invisible stranger." "What are you talking about?" Harry asked in exasperation. "The diary," Riddle said, "My diary. Little Ginny's been writing in it for months and months, telling me all her pitiful worries and woes: how her brothers tease her, how she had to come to school with second-hand robes and books, how ―" Riddle's eyes glinted "―How she didn't think her famous, good, great Harry Potter would ever like her…" which of course she wasn't. All the time he spoke, Riddle's eyes never left Harry's face. There was a hungry look in them. "It was very boring, having to listen to the silly little troubles of an eleven-year-old girl," he went on. "But I was patient. I wrote back; I was sympathetic, I was kind. Ginny simply loved me. 'No one's ever understood me like you, Tom… I'm so glad I've got this diary to confide in… it's like having a friend I can carry around in my pocket'…" Riddle laughed. "If I do say so myself, Harry, I've always been able to charm the people I needed. So Ginny poured out her soul to me, and her soul happened to be exactly what I wanted. I grew stronger and stronger on a diet of her deepest fears, her darkest secrets. I grew powerful, far more powerful than little Miss Weasley. Powerful enough to start feeding Miss Weasley a few of my secrets, to start pouring my soul back into her…" "What d'you mean?" Harry asked; his mouth had gone very dry. "Haven't you guessed yet, Harry Potter?" Riddle asked softly. "Ginny Weasley opened the Chamber of Secrets. She strangled the school roosters and daubed threatening messages on the walls. She set the serpent of Slytherin on four Mudbloods, and the Squib's cat." "No," whispered Harry. "Yes," Riddle calmly said. "Of course, she didn't know what she was doing at first. It was very amusing. I wish you could have seen her new diary entries… far more interesting, they became… 'Losing my memory. There are rooster feathers all over my robes and I don't know how they got there. Dear Tom, I can't remember what I did on the night of Halloween, but a cat was attacked and I've got paint on myself. I think he suspects me… there was another attack today; I'm going mad… think I'm the one attacking everyone, Tom!'" "It took a very long time for stupid little Ginny to stop trusting her