The Quarter Quell: Beginnings Chapter 1 The 25thYear of The Hunger Games Fabian Everdeen awoke with a start, the dim light of dawn seeping through the gaps in the rickety blinds. He sat up with a start, sweat covering his face, as he recalled yet another restless night, in which unspeakable horrors had woven in and out of. He sat up, breathing heavily, before swinging his legs out of bed and stretching. At sixteen, he was tall for his age, and yet he was skinny and awkward, giving a false impression about him. In fact, he was the fastest runner in his school, and had held the title proudly for three consecutive years. In the corner of his room was a peg, upon which was a brand new, brown leather jacket, a gift from his parents for his sixteen birthday, now a week past. His family was not rich; but then again, no one in District Twelve was, not even Mayor Lucius. He grabbed his jacket off the hook, slipped his feet into a fair of warm hunting boots, and walking into the other room, saw that his mother was asleep. His father must have left for the mines already. He swung open the wooden door and stepped out into the cool spring air of dawn. Their house lay on the edge of District Twelve, and beyond was the wild forest that ran on for miles into the unknown. He swung a bag over his shoulder, and seeing that it was still early, decided to head out into the woods. Ten minutes later, he reached the fence that had stood for as long as he could remember, blocking his access into the woods beyond. However, he had been shown the hole in the fence by his friend, Cassia, and knew how to get in easily. He shivered slightly; entry into the woods was punishable by death. However, he had made this journey countless times, and had yet to be caught. He found the gap in the fence, and although it was a tight fit, he managed to squeeze through. Once on the other side, he stood up, and immediately, found himself in a world completely different from the one back home. Here, the birds twittered freely, and the grass was lush and green, and even the sun seemed to shine brighter. He walked on, deeper and deeper; eventually going further than he had ever gone before, and eventually, he reached a clearing in the trees, and found a breathtaking sight. He had arrived at a lake, whose waters were as clear as glass, and glimmered sapphire in the rising sun. This was one of the few places that the Capitol had not polluted, and he could see fish speeding under the water, while reeds on the surface danced lazily in the light breeze. Above him, he heard the soft melody of a mockingjay, echoing the sounds of the light splish as the water's surface of was dappled by the breeze. He sat, taking in the scenery around him, and it seemed like years later when he decided to stand up. The sun had risen fully now, and he knew he needed to return before the Reaping began. He had only one regret: in the time he had spent here, he had forgotten to hunt. Nevertheless, he decided he would hunt in the afternoon, after the Reaping. Until he realised. What if I get picked in the draw? he thought with a shiver. Although his family were not rich, they had been able to get by, and had never signed for tesserae, for fear that he, Fabian, would be picked, as the chances were increased. Before heading back, he leaned over the surface of the water, and picked a couple of katniss flowers, knowing that Cassia liked the flowers, and that he could boil the tubers to make a meal. He then headed back to the fence, and crawling under, was soon back home. He went inside, and found his mother sitting at the wooden kitchen table. "Hello, Mother." he said softly. His mother was tall like him, and worked in the local bakery, and today was one of the rare days that she was able to stay at home. No one worked on the day of the Reaping, except for those in the mines, as the power supply relied on it. It was forbidden, and today, as he knew, was a special Reaping. It was the first ever Quarter Quell. His mother turned and smiled at him, although he could see the worry in her eyes. "Did you bring anything?" she said. Fabian looked away, ashamed. "I spent too much time down at the lake," he said, before realising that his mother did not know what the lake was. She simply looked at him quizzically, before sighing, "Well, I suppose you'll have to get some game this afternoon," before the look of worry returned into her eyes, and Fabian knew what she was thinking. "Yes...yes. I'll get some after the Reaping," he said confidently, not wanting to worry his mother further, despite his insides writhing in fear. Fabian got up, and turning the small television screen towards them, he switched it on, and at that moment the seal of Panem appeared against a dark background, and the anthem began to play. After it finished, Fabian could see a shot of the Presidential Mansion in the Capitol, at which the camera focused on the wide marble balcony, where a young man with jet black hair and cold, emotionless eyes stepped out. He was dressed in a smart navy suit, and in the lapel of his jacket was a blood red rose. He smiled, and addressing the crowd, began to speak. Welcome, dear citizens, to an important day in the history of our proud nation, for today marks the 25th anniversary of our victory, and also, the first Quarter Quell of the annual Hunger Games! At this, a huge cheer could be heard over the television, as thousands of Capitol citizens screamed in delight. As we all know, a Quarter Quell year means we shall have a special version of the annual Hunger Games. A young boy carrying a rack of envelopes came forward. Snow reached out and took the first one, marked with a small 25. He cleared his throat. As a reminder to the rebels that even when they are prepared they succumb to the force of the Capitol, the Hunger Games will be held in a special arena. Happy Hunger Games, and may the odds be ever in your favour! The seal returned, and the anthem began to play once again. Fabian reached out and switched the television off, having gone considerably paler. At 2pm, Fabian and his mother walked to the Main Square, where a crowd had gathered in front of a large podium, with a table in front, on which two large glass balls were placed. Each ball had several hundred paper strips in, and behind the podium, a man in golden wire-frame glasses and what seemed to be violet irises stepped forward, and after clearing his throat, yelled in an annoyingly loud voice: "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favour! I'm Octavius Aurum, your escort in this wonderful year of the Hunger Games!" He grinned cheerfully, and the crowd simply stared back at him, silent, refusing to show any emotion. Looking slightly abashed, he continued. "Well, we should proceed with the reaping now," and with that, he plunged his hand into the first glass ball, marked MALES, and pulled out a name. A static buzz had settled over the crowd, and as Octavius brought his hand up again, he unfolded the paper, and in a loud voice, shouted: "Fabian Everdeen!" Fabian felt numb, he could not feel his legs as he walked slowly up to the podium. Behind him, his mother sobbed quietly into a handkerchief. Octavius now plunged his hand into the second ball, and raising it again, he once again shouted: "Cassia Wilson!" Fabian did not register at first; he saw the pretty, dark haired girl walk up to the podium, eyes full of fear, but did not realise. It was his best, and only friend. Cassia. Chapter 2 Fabian could hear the echo of Octavius' voice ringing in his ears, and after that, the silence of the crowd. He realised that everyone was watching him and Cassia, and he felt his feet unwillingly walking him away, off the podium, and towards what was surely certain death for him. As they entered the Justice Building, they were met with the grim face of Mayor Lucius. For years, Fabian had known that secretly, the Mayor had been against the entire concept of the Hunger Games, but of course, he could not speak out, as he would be fired at the very least, if not executed for treason. However, as he walked close to Fabian, and while he said: "Good luck in the Games!", with a friendly smile, his eyes seemed to tell a different story, and they seemed to pity him. They were led into a large room, where they were told by Octavius that their families would arrive soon. Fabian turned for the first time towards Cassia. She seemed to be staring fixatedly at a spot on the wall, and he suddenly felt ashamed. They were best friends, and they had been on many trips into the woods together, for as long as he could remember. Now though, he seemed to be lost for words, as the sheer horror of the situation dawned on him. Supposing that he survived, supposing he fought off all those who would be willing to kill him, and supposing she was still alive- he could not bring himself to finish it. Mercifully, a distraction came in the form of his mother, who came in, weeping. He was suddenly startled. Where's Father? His mother sat down next to him, and taking his hand, she spoke hurriedly, all trace of the tears vanishing and a hard look on her face. "You have to listen to me, Fabian. We'll be OK, and remember, we love you no matter what-" she paused, seeing the startled look on his face. "You don't think I'm coming back, do you?" he said quietly. "No..no-that's not what I meant. Just..just look after yourself, OK?" She got up, as the guards at the door motioned for her to leave again. She waved, and then walked out of the door without turning back. Next to him, Cassia's mother was also getting up, and as she walked out of the door, she seemed to avoid Fabian's eye. He shivered as he imagined the thought of returning alone, carrying the body of Cassia in her coffin as was custom. Octavius suddenly came bursting into the room, a grin on his face. "Cheer up, glum faces! We're going to the Capitol!" he said, rubbing his hands together. Fabian did not speak, but to his astonishment, Cassia retorted in a deadly tone. "To die, you mean," she spat. Octavius looked startled; he wiped his glasses and grinned again, although it was more forced this time. "Now, now, let's not put a damper on this trip of ours. Come on Fabian, Cassia, our train awaits!" Fabian and Cassia walked to the station behind the Justice Building, and there, resting in the station, was a sight worlds apart from the usual coal trains that went to and fro on the old line to the mines. It did not even look like a train; it was a work of art, a sculpture wrought from the finest steel. Octavius registered the stunned looks on both the tributes' faces; he chuckled. "Yes, that's one of our trains. This will take us to the Capitol in a day. The fastest way to travel on land. After all, we can't miss the Games, can we?" Upon saying this, Fabian thought Cassia would attack him, but