"Odair," Cresta says with a smile, dimples dancing, black fedora tilted askew, "I crept up on you, didn't I?" She's sweet, is the problem that Finnick never counts on. Annie Cresta is sweet and quiet and fumbling with the cigarette in her hands. She's thirteen and a good girl, the perfect model of a daughter raised right. She says nothing to no one and she waits for him to light the cigarette for her, her body shaking the entire time. Finnick watches her carefully as she inhales too much and coughs, eyes watering like she's made a mistake once and never again. It's almost disappointing. But then again, he's not surprised. She's a sweet and quiet thing, a country mouse hiding in a field of corn, and he leaves her there in his memory. Finnick's twenty when he sees her again, a million miles away from the place he once called home. She rests on the wooden stairs of a derelict building, legs tucked in beneath her like she's thirteen not seventeen, lighter in hand. The blue scraped sky is torn free of clouds and little Annie Cresta is holding a cigarette steady in her hand and exhaling smoke as if she's summoning a tempest that Finnick has to walk through, and he does, armed with a crooked grin. It's an awful long way from home, don't you know? "Odair," Cresta says, looking up, her voice quiet and soft. She stands up and reaches for the hat on his head, places it on herself, and rests it on a slant. He'd almost give her a compliment and say it suited her if he wasn't so attached to the hat in question himself. The tips of her ears poke through the thicket of mouse brown hair, and she smiles at him, sweet as honey. "Thanks, I dropped this." "Nice try, Cresta." He says, returning the smile since its only good manners. Mags taught him that: smile for the prettiest people in sight, and then almost smile for everyone else. He learnt from the best. "What are you doing here?" "Lazing about." She replies, sunnily, sitting back down again, her legs returning to the perfect good girl who stays still in church, and looks comfortable in the pews, "Hoping I can keep the hat as a souvenir. We're old friends, aren't we?" "Haven't you heard? Times are changing and I'm a new man." Finnick says, laughing, and returns the hat back to its rightful place, on fall swoop and his weightless crown rests on his head. Here, he thinks to himself, would be the part where boys would be offering her flowers for mussing up her hair. But he has nothing in his pockets, so a roguish smile will have to do, priceless things, and Finnick has plenty priceless things to give. At the very least, it'll be a better parting gift than last time. "Besides, Cresta, if you want it, you're going to have to do better than that." Cresta tilts her head, considering. "I'll keep that in mind, Odair." "So, what. She's your childhood sweetheart or something?" Jo asks, riding shotgun, knees pushed to her chest, elbow resting on the window, after he'd parted ways with Cresta and she'd discarded her previous shirt and tossed it to the backseat. Thirty miles down the road and sky is the same endless void of light blue as it has been years ago. Jo turns her attention away from the scenery to him, curious as a cat. "Cresta? No. Nothing like that," Finnick says, a crooked grin inching its way onto his face. He's got a multitude of smiles: easy smiles, charming smiles, smiles that he keeps in his back pocket that work for quick fixes and a free bottle of whiskey, smiles that work best flecked with blood and bright white teeth. But his best smile, his favourite kind of smile, is the crooked smile he saves for Jo. "Why, are you jealous, doll?" She snorts, punches him on the shoulder, hard . "In your dreams, asshole." Her punches tend to leave bruises, tend to ache for days. Jo's always liked leaving marks behind. It's going to kill her one day, and Jo bares her teeth when he tells her that the first time, like she can hardly wait. "Now, let's go rob a bank." Finnick robs banks for a living. It's perfect, you see. No one suspects the handsome man with the heartthrob smile until they're backed into the corner, eyes wide and staring at the barrel of a gun that's an extension of his arm. Before that, there's the pleasantries of the matters at hand, the casual conversation before the storm, and then the storm happens and the money's in a bag, and Finnick runs, never one to look back. The thrill, there's nothing quite like it. And, well. He's got to eat. Jo's a different story all together. Sure, she likes the whiplash action, turning from a coy dame to mean bitch in the span of a second, snatching the money and running, but its murder that she prefers. She's got her own loose ends that she'd like to cut, and making her way all over the country in a map as scattered as dandelion spore with no clear path in mind is one way to do it. But who's to say that she can't have a bit of fun in the meantime? "Stick with me, Jo," Finnick tells her when they shake on their newfound partnership, "and you'll never be bored." And if an innocent bystander gets caught in the crossfire, then that's hardly her fault now, is it? He finds Cresta a month later, in a city at midnight. Or is it the other way around and Cresta finds him , stepping out the shadow and looking older than she's meant to be, with lipstick fresh and bright against the paleness of her face? There's no cigarette this time, but there's still smoke, cloying its way down the speckled strip of light, choked in white moonlight. Cresta emerges from darkness like the smoke has stripped her of everything he thought he knew about little Annie Cresta, left to herself in a field lit by the golden sun. "Small world," Cresta says with upturned lips, wearing a bowler hat and a scarlet red dress. She doesn't look a thing like the slip of a girl from before, formerly pastel and smeared out by the hues of a dusty sunset, but here in the silhouette of the city and flickering lampposts, she is vibrant and alive and alluring, everything that her parents feared she could be. "What are you doing here, Odair?" Finnick thinks about leaning in a little too close and crowding her in the back of the alley while there's fresh blood on his shirt before he gives her an answer, curious to see if she'll tremble like she did years ago. Instead, he gives her his classic grin; because it's an ode to the days he was a mere boy and stole only secrets and a packet of cigarettes when people weren't looking. Mags had taught him that, laughed as he got better about the tricks of the trade, then rebuked him when he got a little too good, a little too cocky and reckless, and reminded him that it's a party trick, nothing more. "You know me," Finnick smiles carelessly, straightening his shoulders, because he's nothing if not honest, if not charming, if not a sucker for making dames dressed in scarlet laugh and take his arm for a midnight stroll. "I like to keep an air of mystery around somehow. I can't tell you all my secrets." "You never have, Odair." She shrugs, though she smiles as if he's succeeded in charming her for a little while. Her shoulders seem swallowed by the slither of darkness and the silk of her hair. "Only thing I know for sure that you don't look back." "You make me sound heartless, Cresta." He drawls, eyebrow arching. "I send some real nice postcards from time to time." "Is that so?" Her voice changes into something low and husky and she takes his arm when he offers it to her, nodding with an appreciative hum, when he asks like a gentleman if he can walk her home, and she grins. "You can tell me all about it." "It would be my absolute pleasure." Finnick says with a fiendish grin, and flourishes with each half-truth that makes her laugh and laugh, and if she suspects, then she doesn't give anything away. Leaving the countryside has done her some good it seems, he likes this new her. The first time he meets Jo, there's an axe in her hand. She's someone fierce, alright; jawline set hard, eyes stone cold, shoes long gone. The first time he meets her, he thinks he could travel with someone fierce like her; he thinks he could do well with fierce. Beauty and the beast, and the best part is that they're both. "What are you looking at?" She snaps and glowers at him, cheeks too thin, her face sharp edges and defiant and daring him to look away while Finnick takes his times sizing her up, replying, "You." "Tell me," Jo smirks, elbows digging into the mattress, head resting in her hand, three cities away from the fourth time they stumble onto Cresta, and watches him idly put on his suspenders. "Who is Annie Cresta?" "That's the billion dollar question." Finnick muses, and tries to shift through the acrid smell of smoke and find something more than the sepia coloured memory of a girl he hardly cared to know about even then. He has a collection of rumours about her, sure, but who doesn't? Everyone knew of each other back then, even if they never got to talking, in small towns like theirs. Everyone called each other by their surnames, that's just the way it was, and with Cresta, it's a habit he's never grown out of. "But you knew her." Jo says, watching him like a city cat toying with a country mouse, and he is running through his mind, running through the corn fields he has spent years trying to forget and locked inside a prison cell. Jo's got her claws in him, and she'll keep that tail dangling between her fingertips as long as it amuses her and she's content to trick him into thinking that he's free. She's lucky he's got a soft spot for her, really. "Didn't you?" "I gave her a cigarette once." He admits, and remembers that he'd watch her choke and splutter and beat her chest and gave the cigarette back. She wiped her mouth and wrinkled her nose and she'd watched him demonstrate how to it properly because he felt pity for her, and told her it was an art form, an acquired taste. The important thing is to know how it works. He means to tell Jo, I knew her when we were kids. He means to say, I don't know her at all. Jo looks less than impressed. "That's it?" "She's a waitress now." He offers, like that's something, free with a winning grin. Cresta had told her that the first time around on the porch. When he saw her again, wrapped in midnight and a sleek red dress, she said that she was still a waitress, working everywhere and anywhere, so long as she could keep on travelling and kissed him sweetly on the cheek because it seemed she was still a good girl, even with midnight hanging over them. "Said she's seeing the world one café at a time." "Some waitress you got there." Jo deadpans, rolling over so the sheets get more tangled around her, and when she looks at him, her face is turned up, bordering on a catlike grin. "That's Annie Cresta." The syllables of her name don't seem so pretty and pearl shaped in his mouth any more,