Alice's POV "NO!" I yelled and my siblings looked at me. We were standing in the parking lot of the school waiting for Bella to come to school when I had yelled. "What is it Alice?" Jasper asked worriedly. "C-Carlisle...coming...here..." "NO!" Edward yelled too as he looked through my mind to see what I had just seen. "Anything else you wanna say? Elaborate maybe?" Rosalie asked. "What does elaborate mean?" Emmett asked. "Ugh Emmett no time for that. Carlisle he's going to be a substitute for the day." I said just as Carlisle's Mercedes pulled up beside Edward's Volvo. "NO!" The rest of us shouted as Carlisle got out of his car. "Hey kids," Carlisle smiled and walked into the school building. We stood open mouthed watching him. What's the big deal you ask? Everything. Even adopted parents are embarrassing. Carlisle was a sub teacher for us a few years back in Alaska and it was so embarrassing and no doubt this year he'll be the same way. What did we do to deserve this? Carlisle's POV I did a bit of teacher training when I was in Alaska, I just thought I needed a change of pace. After I had finished the course I decided I could never be a teacher. Even though I knew I would be a good teacher if ever I was to pursue the career I knew my kids would hate me if I was a teacher at their school. It was bad enough that they had to pretend to be high school students every time we moved to a new place. I didn't want to add salt to the wound. But this morning I got a call from the Forks High School's principal. The weather has been so bad in Forks lately that some teachers just can't make the effort to come to school and because my kids are always at school – apart from the occasional sunny day – he thought it would be a good idea if I could make it in to cover a few classes. And I just couldn't resist. Personally I think it's time Esme and I get more involved with the kids' lives. Especially now that Edward has Bella. I walked into the school to the office to find out what classes I had to cover and smiled. First period I had Art with Emmett and Alice, second period I had Home Economics with Rosalie and Emmett, third period I had Biology with Edward and Bella, fourth period I had Maths with Edward and Jasper and finally at the end of the day I had Physical Education with everyone. Today was going to be a good day. Alice's POV "Oh no!" I exclaimed for the sixth time this morning. The more I looked into the future the more I was getting worried. Carlisle was having a class with every single one of us today. That was bad. They were our favourite subjects too...well most of them. Jasper and Edward weren't too thrilled about Maths and none of us were looking forward to P.E. "Alice what now?" Rosalie demanded. "He's taking P.E last period!" Everyone groaned. "He's going to push us to the limit!" Emmett got excited, he loved exercise. "Those poor humans!" Bella sighed. "Edward? Promise to stab me with a pencil or something so I can get out of P.E." "Bella I'm not going to hurt you on purpose to get out of this. Besides you might start a feeding frenzy when all vampires within a ten mile radius smell your blood and that's not good for us." Edward replied. That's when the bell rang and we all had to get to class. "Come on Em let's go." I sighed grabbing his arm. "Aw, can't we just be late!" Emmett groaned. "Dang she's strong for someone so small!" "Do you want Carlisle to bite your head off for being late to his class?" I hissed as we made our way down the hallway to the Art rooms. "No!" Carlisle's POV I stood outside the door of the classroom waiting for everyone to arrive. Emmett and Alice were the last to come in but I didn't notice. As we went into the classroom everyone sat at their assigned seats...but I still checked the seating chart to make sure. I wasn't qualified to teach Art but the school said I didn't need to be qualified to show them how to draw, and I didn't mean to brag but I was a pretty good artist. "Okay class, so the last day you were working on your papier-mâché projects is that correct?" There was a lot of mumbled 'yes's around the room. "Alright well may I see them?" Everyone moved from their desks to bring out their projects, when everyone was seated again I took a walk around the room to look at their work. Now I know humans wouldn't have an eye for very much detail or anything but it seemed like the pupils weren't even trying. Some of them had barely started or if they were close to finishing they had rushed it and they just looked like papier-mâché balls. I suppose this school doesn't care very much about their creative side. I stopped in front of Alice and Emmett's desk to look at what they were working on. Alice was working on a papier-mâché makeup box with everything inside, I think it was her own makeup box because it was about five times bigger than a normal one and the detail of each individual lipstick tube, or brush was amazing. Emmett was doing a papier-mâché version of Rosalie; it too was also very detailed. I wonder if Rosalie put him up to it, but even her hair seemed to fall perfectly. "Very good," I commented and walked back to the front of the classroom. "All it says on the note that was left for me was to let you get on with projects. So I will let you do that. If you need any help I'll be at the desk." It wasn't long until Emmett came up to my desk. "Carlisle?" "Yes Emmett?" "Does this look like Rosalie?" He said holding up the 3D model. "Yes of course it does. It's a wonderful portrait." "Okay well I think it needs something but I don't know what. I know I still have to paint it and add the glitter but is there anything I can add?" "I think you should probably ask Alice. She'd know better than I would. Maybe you could fix one thing..." I reached out and broke a piece of the newspaper off of Emmett's sculpture. "She wouldn't be too happy if you gave her an imperfection." "But that's baby hair! She's always had that little piece of hair that falls away from the others! She clips it back but that's one of my favourite things about her!" "Does she know that?" "Yes!" "Maybe you should just take the advice. But she'll love it no matter what." "She better! I spend forever trying to get her eyes right. Alice kept telling me they weren't even, or weren't the right size..." "Well good luck." "Okay thanks," Emmett walked away and sat back down at his desk. Because I was going to be here an hour and I doubted that many people would need my help I took my laptop out and do a little research. Well actually I was just on Facebook. Everyone has one and vampires weren't an exception. Emmett's POV I sat down with my papier-mâché Rosalie and started recreating the piece of hair Carlisle tore off of it. I wanted it to look exactly like Rosalie, little imperfections and everything. Not that Rose has imperfections. But there were definitely things about her that made her unique. And that included her baby hair. "So what was that about?" Alice asked, she was painting her makeup box. "What? Why didn't you use your vampire hearing?" "Because it's rude to pry into people's lives. Now what was that about?" "I was just asking him if this looked like Rosalie. It wasn't anything." "Oh okay well it better not have been anything. We don't need everyone making a big deal about the fact our dad is subbing today. Do you think I have time to start another project? I was thinking of doing a mini closet...you know with all of my racks of clothes, shoes and accessories..." "Aren't you already making a doll house in Wood Shop? Doesn't that have a closet for all the doll clothes?" "Yeah but this is different Em! This is my closet!" "No I don't think you could, not without using vamp speed." "Hmm...Then I guess it'll just have to be a home project..." "Good luck with that." Halfway through the class Carlisle got up out of his chair and took a walk around the classroom looking at all the displays. At least one of us had a piece of work in every display, always at the front because we were the best artists in the class. I was sure Carlisle was going to say something. Even Alice stopped painting a portrait of herself in the papier-mâché mirror on the lid of her makeup box to watch him. "What do you think he might say?" Alice asked, she had turned all the way around in her stool to face the walls were Carlisle was looking at portrait paintings and had her paintbrush poised like she was still going to paint. "I don't know, and aren't you the psychic one? Go use your power look into the future!" I replied waving my arms around, I forgot I had the paintbrush in my hand loaded with paint and I sprayed said paint onto Alice's apron and a little bit on her face. "Ugh, Emmett!" Alice stormed off to get cleaned up. When she came back she went back to painting and after a moment said. "And anyway if I use my special ability to look up things that stupid in the future then it would be a waste. I might miss something MUCH more important going on." "Like what? Brad Pit coming to Forks?" I smirked. "Shut up, don't make me paint you ." "Oh my..." Alice and I spun around to see Carlisle looking at the portrait that Edward had done of Bella...as a vampire. He went really OTT with it but it was a beautiful piece, the teenage boy part of him really took over when he was doing the background, it was covered in little hearts. "This is beautiful. Who painted it?" As if it wasn't obvious. I thought to myself before speaking up. "Oh Edward painted that." "Really? Hmm...I need to have a word with him about that." "I'd love to be there when you did." I smiled. "Does Bella know about this?" "Yeah, they have the same Art class." Alice replied, she was texting under the desk. Probably trying to warn Edward. Carlisle took one last proper look at the painting before moving on to the next display. I wonder why he was so fascinated by the portrait of Bella... Alice's POV As soon as Carlisle stopped at Edward's painting I whipped my phone out to tell him. Alice: Hey Edward. Edward: What? Alice: Carlisle likes your painting. Edward: Which one? Alice: The one you did of Bella as a vamp. Edward: Really? What'd he say? Alice: That it's beautiful. He seems to be really interested in it. He also wants to talk to you. Edward: About the painting? Alice: Yep. Maybe it's because your fantasies are getting ahead of you again. Edward: What? It wasn't my idea to paint that! Bella wanted me to paint her as a vampire, the way I would see her. So I did. Alice: Really? You see her that way when she becomes one of us? The dress and the heart background and everything? Edward: No not the heart background that part was a