Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings, nor any of the affiliated characters. I only own Cerin (my OC). Any references to the books or movie are acknowledged. Any infringement on my part is purely accidental and unintended. AN : This story will be a blending of the movies and aspects of the books. I don't want this to be a word-for-word retelling of the movie or the book with the only difference being the insertion of another character. Some parts I just went with the flow. I wasn't strict on following the canon, so sorry to the purists out there. The romance is slow in this story. I love a good hot 'n heavy romance as much as the next person, but I didn't find it believable here. Aragorn had just left Arwen and they are in a war. Anyways, the romance is slow but it does happen. Have no fear! P.S. I have always pronounced Cerin's name as S-air-in, which I know goes completely against proper elvish pronunciation. In my defense, I didn't learn how you are supposed to say the C until halfway through writing the story. My best guess for how it should sound when said properly is like the name Karen. Pairing: Aragorn/OC Rating: Listed as T (PG-13 in American movie ratings) Warning : TENTH WALKER. Don't like, don't read. Don't come crying to me when you don't like what I've done with my artistic license. *.*.*.*.* Chapter 1: Returning Home *.*.*.*.* The large forest surrounding the city of Imladris was filled with a peaceful quiet. Birds filled the air with their songs and the wind gently rustled the plush and thriving trees. The quiet in the thick trees was suddenly disturbed by the thunderous noise of hooves racing along the dirt road that led to the elven city. The road was deserted of travelers that day so the trees were the only witnesses to the source of the noise. A large black horse raced along the worn path with its mane flying in the wind. Its rider's small form sat hunched close to the animal and moved perfectly with the horse's long stride. Her long auburn hair and green traveling cloak whipped behind her in the wind. They ran along the road with the dense forest on either side towards the city of Imladris. It was not long before the trees began to thin and the road widened to reveal the familiar sight of the Imladris city gates. The elegant white gates were guarded by two elves who each carried a blade and a bow. The rider slowed her mount as the road opened and grinned when she saw the gates before her. Stopping just before the guards, she greeted each with a smile. "Good day, Lady Cerin! It has been too long since you have graced us with your company," the one guard proclaimed. "My travels have finally brought me home, my friend. It has been too long since I last enjoyed the beauty that is Imladris," she said in a slightly wistful voice. "Then do not let us keep you from the wonder of our home with our chatter," the other guard said before moving to open the large gate. "I thank you, kind sirs," Cerin said sweetly. Nudging her horse forward, she entered the majestic elven city and followed the path to the main courtyard. Upon entering the open space of the courtyard, she dismounted. Her sword slapped her leg and her bow and quiver bounced lightly on her back as she landed. She brushed her windswept hair behind her small, rounded ears absentmindedly. Her pale blue eyes swept over the area and took in the familiar quiet activity of her home. "We are home, Greatheart. You must be looking forward to the stables. Don't think I don't know that the stable hands spoil you," she spoke sweetly to the large horse. He snorted and nudged her with his soft nose at her words. Cerin smiled as she grabbed the reins and led Greatheart to the stables. After settling her mount in the lush stables, Cerin sought out her old quarters. She first remedied her need for a long bath and clean clothes. The warm water was always immensely appreciated after a long journey with only cold rivers and streams to bathe in. It felt just as good to change from her worn and grimy travel clothes into a clean day dress. By then her stomach was making its empty state known, so she retrieved a meal from the kitchens. Now back in her room, the lack of sleep on her travels weighed her down. Despite it being only early evening, Cerin bedded down on her large mattress and let her mind fall into dreams. *.*.*.*.* Two days passed before Cerin was called to Lord Elrond's study. A messenger found her in the early afternoon sitting in the gardens and told her that her presence had been requested. She left the quiet beauty of the gardens and made her way through the long white marble hallways to her foster father's study. Once there she offered a quiet knock on the closed door. A soft command to enter came through the wood and Cerin pushed the thick door open. Elrond's comfortable study looked the same as it had been before she left Rivendell three years previously. An ornate desk was centered in the room with plush chairs on either side for the Lord himself and for his visitors. A large window sat behind the desk and offered the occupants a majestic view of the city. It was this view that Lord Elrond looked away from to face the woman. "Cerin, my child, it warms my heart to see you home once again," Elrond said warmly as he embraced the shorter woman in a hug. "It warms mine as well. One can travel all of Middle Earth, but there is no comfort quite the same as home," Cerin said happily. "Come, sit. We have much to speak of. But first tell me of your latest journey," the elf said while moving for his chair. Cerin took a cushy chair in front of the desk and thought over his question. "I am sure you noticed how restless I had become in the years after Túrin's death. I felt stifled here. Everything here reminded me of him. I appreciated that you were trying to help me by sending me out again on scouting trips and carrying missives, but I was still lost. At some point my heart started to yearn to see the world of Men again and to travel with no purpose in mind," she began thoughtfully, "So, I set out and eventually decided to travel to Rohan to see the horse lords. I lived in a small village with a widow and her two children. I helped her work her land and collect her harvests. It was a simple life… It was the life my parents lived and of my childhood. This suited me for about a year before I felt a longing to see the beauty of the trees again. I left the village and went to Lothlorien. Lady Galadriel's company and my friendship with her March Warden, Haldir, were a balm for my heart. He and his brothers brought me both joy and pain because they were so much like Túrin. With their help, I found some peace in Lorien. It was enough that I finally longed to return to the beauty of my home." "These past years have been difficult for both of us, child. You were but a shell of yourself after your brother's death. You hid away in my library and tried to ignore the world most days. I could see your restlessness grow even more after your discovery of your heritage. I was both worried and hopeful when I saw you off on your journey. I had hoped that you would find healing and it is clear that you did. I can see that your heart is lighter," Elrond responded. "I still miss him, but my mind is no longer clouded with grief," she said honestly. A comfortable silence fell in the wake of Cerin's story. Coming out of her thoughts, Cerin asked, "So what has happened in my absence?" At her question, Elrond's content expression changed to a very troubled one. The longer he remained silent, the more worried her expression became. "Nothing more than the usual happenings until recently," the elf hesitantly began, "What we speak of must not leave this room, Cerin. The fate of Middle Earth rests on this knowledge remaining secret." "Whatever you wish, Father," she agreed, sensing his seriousness. Elrond fought a smile at her title for him, but the grim nature of his knowledge overrode the minor happiness. "Years ago I told you of the rings made for the leaders of elves, dwarves, and men and how Sauron deceived all in making another ring in secret – a ring to rule them all. And into this ring he poured his cruelty, his malice, and his will to dominate all life. You know how Sauron's evil swept across Middle Earth and threatened to consume it. In the final stand, an army of elves and men faced the evil of Mordor. It was the heir to Gondor's throne, Isldur, who parted the ring from Sauron and vanquished the Dark Lord. Isldur gave in to his weak heart and the will of the ring. He kept it instead of throwing it back into the fires of Mount Doom, the very fires from which it was forged and the only way to forever destroy its evil. With Isldur's death, the ring disappeared and it was thought to be lost to time," Elrond said with a grim face. "Yes, you have told me this before. What is its relevance now?" she asked confusedly. "It has been found, Cerin," he answered gravely. "…What?" Her face was a mask of building fear. "The One Ring has been found. I had already felt a change in the earth when Mithrandir came to me and spoke of his finding the Ring in the Shire with the hobbits. One Frodo Baggins currently keeps it safe. Also, I have received reports that Sauron's fortress has been rebuilt in the lands of Mordor and his army of orcs grows. Sauron's shadow is growing, searching for his treasure. Should he find it, everything we know will be covered in a second darkness." "So he does not yet possess it?" she asked, her voice trembling. "No, but it is only a matter of time before the patrols of orcs and wraiths find it in the Shire. This threat will not disappear, so I have called for a meeting of the races of Middle Earth here in Imladris to decide the fate of the One Ring. Mithrandir is escorting Frodo here for the Council. We can only hope they are not discovered." Cerin sat in shocked silence for a long while before uttering fearfully, "Father, should Sauron find the Ring, what will become of me?" "I do not know, my child. We must guard the secret that his line survives as fiercely as we guard the knowledge of the One Ring's existence. For now, your heritage remains between us." Elrond frowned. "There is more," he began again, frowning at Cerin's exasperated expression, "There have been rumors that Isengard has fallen into shadow. If that is the case, we have lost a powerful ally to the Dark Lord. You have just returned home, Cerin, but I must ask you to leave for Isengard and determine if there is any truth to these rumors. Observe the goings on and do not be discovered. If Saruman is now truly a pawn of Sauron, we do not want him discerning your identity." "I will do this for you. We need to know if Saruman is to still be trusted," Cerin agreed. She looked up from her hunched