Sorry for my lack of activity, My excuse though is that trying to find a beta reader who would beta read for my stories, and so far my stories are, shall we say hard to find an audience much less a beta reader. Also I've been working on an actual novel. Anyway without further adieu , here is the first true step in my series of Carthaginian Percy Jackson fanfics. This takes place just before and during the events of The Lightning Thief and several years after my previous fanfictions about Carthage. Note: chronologically this comes after my previous fanfictions I advise reading it first because its in the point of view of someone new to Carthaginian culture as apposed to my earlier fanfics which require a knowledge in it prior to reading. (Believe me starting those was a real pain for me as prior to that I also had very little to go on. I own nothing. My name is Nicolas Blackadder and it all started the last day of junior high. The entire ninth grade class was basically having one giant party, shooting hoops, talking about summer plans, signing yearbooks, trying to flirt, unsuccessfully I might add, its junior high gosh darn it! Watch movies on the classrooms televisions or hang around the library awkwardly because some of us had nothing better to do. I was one such person. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't awful at sports, I just didn't want to experience the humiliation of being picked last for a team again. So instead I just awkwardly sat at a library table by myself trying not to look like a total loser. I was about to see if anyone would notice if I went over to the fire alarm and pantomime pulling it until a boy with a rolled up piece of paper sat down at my, correction the schools table. "Do I know you"? I asked surprised having never remembered seeing this boy before. "Really"? The boy responded wiping his blond hair out of his eyes, as he started to set the chess board up. What caught my eye wasn't the chess board but the pieces that were in a bag that he pulled out of his bag; they were carved wooden pieces, "After three years of being in the same homeroom as each other, also the fact that I always gave the announcements you don't remember my name"? "I just hope you're not as absent minded on the battlefield of chess as you are with names." he said turning the board around so that I was in front of white. "Oohhh, you're that Chase guy, right"? I asked remembering the guy a little, he was always helping out the teachers and acing all of the tests he took He looked like he was going to correct me but then he just shook his head and responded, "You're move." "You didn't want to get your teachers to write little essays for you in your yearbook." I said moving knight my right out of the formation. "I did that yesterday." he told me mirroring my move. "Of course you did." I responded turning my attention back to the game. A couple minutes later he had managed to take my queen but by doing so he had opened up a serious weakness, before he could patch his defenses back together his two bishops and one of his rooks were mine for the taking. "Aughh." the boy said leaning his hand against his fist grimacing. I could almost swear I heard him mumble to himself "People are counting on me", "Either this thirteen year old is an officer in the army or he takes chess way too seriously." I thought to myself. We continued playing until the bell rang; I helped the boy pick up the pieces and handed them to him. "Thanks, you know…" he started to say something but then he stopped himself "maybe we could continue this game in High School"? "You have plans that stretch over all of summer"? I responded jokingly. "Yeah," he said shouldering his backpack, "I go to a summer camp that usually only takes two weeks out of a summer but I signed up to help around as an advisor for the entire summer. "How old are the kids"? I asked confused that a freshmen in high school would be able to calm down an eighth grader one year his junior. "All around," he said starting to leave "but usually in between seven years old and seventeen. Anyway, have a good summer." he said exiting the library. "Well, that was fun" I thought to myself. As I rose from the chair I felt my foot land against a hard object and would have slipped if not for the chair that I had been sitting on. I quickly grabbed the chair and reached down to pick the offending object up; it was a bishop, one from the kids chess set who had just left. I was about to put it in my pocket and try to find the kid but then my thumb brushed up against a folded piece of paper taped onto it. Now I know why curiosity killed the cat. If I had not looked at the piece of paper I could still be living an ignorant blissful life, however there's also the chance I would have been killed or eaten if I hadn't read the scrap of paper that day. I unfolded the piece of paper and on it was a small drawing that looked like one of those ink blot tests, a white background with a black stain of ink, I happened to see a bow and arrow being held by what I assumed was an Olympian athlete, I mean who else uses bows? And underneath the picture was a hastily written sentence with many misspelled words, honestly I was surprised I could read it, that said If you observe a lethal weapon in this depiction call my psychiatrist, He left a number underneath but I didn't pay it any heed. I chuckled a bit and threw the note away, who knew had a side of humor? Anyway, I walked out of the doors of the building for the last time and started to head home, having decided that he left the chess piece for me intentionally. I live in a small suburb of Philadelphia Pennsylvania where my mother works in the schools as a biology teacher, so instead of waiting around for her to give me a ride back home I walk usually. Our school was a small one only about six hundred students on average, so I was surprised when a giant group of students ran past me all in one direction. Usually there were only smaller groups going much slower than running. I decided not to think about it too hard though, chances are they were all graduating and were just running off to somewhere to celebrate their new freedom. I found that silly though, I mean they still have to go to school next year. I eventually made it back home and was able to open the refrigerator before I heard a knock at the door. This is how it always was, one moment settled down, or in the middle of something important, in retrospect I guess drinking orange juice isn't that important but whatever, and then it's either a knock on the door, or the blasted phone starts to ring. Annoyed, I closed the door and walked to the door and opened it revealing the same guy I had played chess with. "Sorry to bother you but did you happen to see a bishop after leaving the library"? He asked out of breath like he had ran all the way from the school to hear and back again. "Yeah," I responded digging into my pocket and pulled out the piece. "Question though, why did that piece of paper have a boy on it, I mean aren't there easier weapons to draw"? I asked handing him the bishop. "You saw a bow and arrow"? He asked me like he had not drawn that. "Yeah, why was it really just an inkblot test"? I asked not feeling like I had an anger issue. "No, it's, uh, I think you should come to the camp." he said frantically looking around. "An anger management camp? Geez this sounds fun. No thanks." I said. "No it's not an anger management camp; it's a camp for children of the ancient Greek gods and goddesses." "…" "…" "Are you sane"? I asked, because I quite frankly thought the guy lost his marbles. "Just follow me home, if you still don't believe me after this then I'll never speak to you again and you can continue living your life in peace." he said looking at me desperately. "Alright," I said "I'll see this through, just don't let it be one giant waste of my time." I left a note to my mother telling her I was going over to a friend's house and left with the boy. "So," I started after a couple of moments of uncomfortable silence passed between us "tell me about this camp you go to." The boy responded, "It's actually more of a training ground, since being a demigod attracts monsters we have to learn how to deal with them, there are three major weapons that we teach how to use, the most common weapon is the sword, some people, like my sister, learn how to wield a knife but that's not one of the main ones." "Wait, you have a sister"? I stopped. "Right not on my mortal side but on my godly side." "Ah, I remember, you said something about Greek gods and goddesses." "Yeah, my mother is Athena." he said turning down a street. "OK, if I was buying this I thought that Athena was a maiden goddess, so how could she have children"? "It's, umm, like how she herself, was born right out of the skull of Zeus." "Oh," I said, not wanting to continue this line of conversation. "Anyways, he continued, "the other weapons are javelins and bows, usually bows are reserved for children of Apollo, but anyone who's good at it could learn to wield one." "Besides combat training our camp also offers crafts art and music, it's basically a giant summer school that corrects any false information that school gave us." he said guiding me into a small one story ranch style house. "Take your shoes off and follow me." he said going down a hall. I did as instructed and followed him to a small room that was decorated as a library shelves of books, stacks of papers and a skeleton that hung on a wall. "False information"? I asked. "Yeah, there's a lot of it, for instance George Washington was a son of Athena and Blackbeard a son of Ares. Anyway the reason I brought you here was to convince of this." he said taking a small broad bronze sword from behind the rack of books "This sword is made of a special substance called celestial bronze, what do you think would happen if I swung this at that skeleton over there"? "Ok, quick question, why do you have a skeleton." The boy shrugged, "My dad is a got it from his friend who's a professor." "Well, for one you would have one very angry father, and a broken skeleton." I responded. "Actually, I would have neither of those, what I would have would be a completely fine skeleton and a father who was unaware that anything like that had taken place." to emphasize this he stepped forward and took a swing across the skeleton's rib cage. To my surprise sword passed through the skeleton without breaking a single bone. "Now what do you think would happen if I pressed it against my hand." the boy asked. "Hold on." I said raising my hand. I went over