Sauron the deceiver harboured many a creature to his command, from the dreaded, vile beings known as orc, to horrifying spirits of the dead. Each served their master Sauron without questioning authority, and after the creation of the one ring, they dare not. For the one ring granted Sauron power over such beings, but this was not enough. He wanted more. Elves and men alike stood against Sauron at every turn. Hoping to enslave these beings as well, Sauron attempted to take control and betray the three elven rings of power, as well as the nine rings of power that were given to the nine kings of men. He was successful in converting the kings of men into wraiths, as the men have neither the strength nor the willpower to resist the dark lord. They soon became his personal bodyguards, the Nazgul, Ringwraiths. The elves however, were not so easily turned, and hastily stopped using their rings. During the last alliance of elves and men that marched on Sauron to put an end to his evil once and for all, the dark lord was destroyed and victory had been achieved. But the ring survived in the hands on men. But it betrayed the hands of men and where lost for a millennia. But little did the forces of good know, Sauron was not completely destroyed. His physical form had been destroyed yes, but the spirit of Sauron endured. His life force was bound to the fate of the ring and the ring survived. And as Sauron's power grew, dark and violent forces began to answer his call. Within these where the dreaded Witch-king of Angmar, the greatest of the Nazgul, who could not be beaten by the hands of man. Agandaur, who were a dark sorcerer and took home in the north west of the world. But Sauron was a deceiver of many kinds and not just to the forces of good, but to his own kind as well. One of which he kept hidden from the world of middle-earth was an extremely malevolent man known as Perthor…whereabouts on middle-earth he is…remains unknown. Chapter 1 The time was 12:48 pm, and the weather was calm, yet a shadowy storm brewed in the clouds to the east. This was not the weather of the world. Something stirred in the east, something foul was at hand. Along the northern road alongside of Rohan, was a carriage, being drawn by two of Rohan's finest looking mares. One brown with patches of white, and the other, golden with a yellow tinted mane. The horses were pulling a carriage hosted by two people. Kenya of Rohan, and Kelken, son of Kenya, also of Rohan. They were being escorted into Edoras, into home. A Rohan soldier, bearing the emblem of the horse masters, rode an armoured horse, that trotted in front of them. "Sounds nice, outside." Kenya spoke. Kelken, attempting to peer out of the gap in the carriage, simply nodded in return. "We'll be there shortly, I'm sure of it." She spoke again. Kelken glanced at her, and smiled a little. The carriage began to shake a bit, before coming to a sudden stop. A sudden whirring from a horse galloping was heard from outside. Suddenly, a blinding light shone from the exit of the carriage, just to reveal the soldier escorting them appear. "Sorry to disturb, but there's a little trouble." The soldier spoke. Kelken rose to attend the situation, but was forced back down by his mother. "Sit, I'll have a look. She said, whilst taking hold of the roof of the carriage and sliding out. Kelken now sat in a peaceful silence. The soldier hauled his horse and got off, tying the reins to the side of the carriage. "What's the problem?" Kenya questioned. But as she spoke, a sudden smell of burning reached her line of smell. She tossed her sleeve across her mouth to try and block the smell. As she and the soldier walked past the front of the carriage, large wreckage could now be seen, that was blocking their path into Edoras. The wreckage hand somehow managed to breakdown at the only gap way into the plains that held their way into Edoras. Either this was a tragic accident, or a tactical set up. "Wait here, something's not right here." The soldier suspiciously said, while beckoning Kenya to stay where she was. The Rohan soldier unsheathed his blade and held it carefully to his chest. As he reached the wreckage, he noticed there were arrows that had a strangely familiar furry end that were used by the orcs of this region. But he could not be sure. He sheathed his blade and reached for the arrow. Pulling it out he noticed that the tip had the curved point that clarified his thoughts. This wreckage had been captured, then placed here as a barricade. He swiftly turned to Kenya and shouted her over. She began to steadily jog over to him. Kelken had now been waiting in the carriage for roughly ten minutes, and was getting more and more worried by the second. Deciding to see what the problem was, he made for the carriage exit, but as he did, a monstrous growl was heard from outside and a sudden burst of an arrow had broken through the carriage wall. Kelken fell to his back in an attempt to hide. The carriage was under attack. Kenya and the soldier caught sight of the commotion that was happening back at their carriage. "SON!" Kenya screamed. She had caught sight of a rabble of orcs appearing over the hill to the left, attempting to reach the carriage. She turned to the Rohan soldier, who was already preparing for the attack. He rushed forward as was as he could, with blade in hand. An orc archer appeared over the hill, and was in the midst of firing at the soldier. "Watch out!" She screamed over to the man, halting his sudden charge. The arrow sieved past him and into the neck of the golden horse, killing it instantly. Kelken, now surrounded with orcs, scrambled aimlessly for some sort of weapon. Suddenly the cover of the entrance was tossed off and now stood an orc. Bearing a short sword and leather bindings it caught sight of Kelken, and rushed for the attack. Kelken threw his hands up in defence, but he felt nothing. Opening his eyes he caught sight of a blade puncturing the orcs chest, then being retreated as the orc tumbled out of the carriage, dead. Kelken rose to see the Rohan soldier standing there to his aid. "C'mon, get up!" The soldier said, whilst handing him the blade that the orc had previously tried to kill Kelken with. "You know how to use this right?" The soldier questioned. Kelken nodded once more and snatched the blade from the man's hand. "Where's mother?" Kelken said in a panic of not seeing her for so long. The soldier hastily turned to leave the carriage but was stopped by Kelken. "What's your name, soldier?" "Name's Nofan! Now hurry!" Kelken followed Nofan without a doubt. As they exited the carriage, they saw archers on the hill attempting to shoot at them. Something drove them to attack with all anger. "Kelken, get them, I'll save Kenya!" Nofan ordered. Kelken began a defensive run up the hill, moving out of the archer's firing line. He now caught sight of one and with all his might, lifted up his blade above his head and brought it down with a mighty force. Successfully, the blade had hit its target, chopping through the orcs shoulder and slaying it where it stood. It let out a blood-curling scream before falling to the ground. The last archer caught sight of what was happening and turned its attention to Kelken. It fired in panic but the arrow flew past Kelken and into the ground. Retracting his blade from the shoulder of the dead orc, Kelken charged for an attack on the other orc. Nofan could not see Kenya anywhere. At such an age, she could not outrun any orc. He suddenly heard a woman scream just to see an orc dragging Kenya across the plain. "No!" Nofan said to himself. The orc was dragging the woman up the right hand side of where they were, Kenya, fighting as hard as she could but found no release. She caught sight of the Rohan soldier racing up to get her, and she let out a smile, before feeling a sharp pain in her back. The orc had plunged its dagger into her back, tearing and ripping as it did. Nofan stopped in his tracks, stunned at what had just happened. "KENYA!" Nofan screamed and threw himself at the orc that had stabbed Kenya. Both Nofan and the orc crashed to the ground and were now locked in hand to hand combat. Nofan swiftly got up, and took the dagger the orc grasped in its hand and held it against its throat. And with one final movement, the orc collapsed to the ground, Nofan tossing the dagger away. He now held Kenya in his arms, as he could see she was losing a lot of blood and it pain. She turned to him. "Get…get my son out of here…please…" Kenya had passed. Nofan bowed his head a moment before laying her gently on the ground to carry out Kenya's final wish. He took up his sword from the ground and begun looking for Kelken. He and the orc were focused on each other, but Kelken could feel, in his heart, something wasn't right. He stopped his charge and threw his attention to Nofan and his mother. He could not see Nofan, but unfortunately saw his mother lying on the ground, dead, he did not know. "Mothe-" Before he could finish his outburst, he felt an arrow plunge into his shoulder, with such force it made him fall to the floor. He clutched his shoulder and screamed in pain. The orc let out a small cheer before reaching for its dagger to finish the job. As the orc got closer, a sudden whirring of a horse was now heard. Kelken looked to his left to catch sight of Nofan on his steed, riding hard to his aid. The orc attempted to retreat, but Nofan was too fast, the head of the orc was swiftly lying beside its bloodied corpse. Nofan leaped off of his own horse and threw Kelken on it, just barely able to sit properly due to his wound. At that moment, Nofan felt a sudden sharp stab in his arm. An orc had slashed at his arm. "GO! NOW!" Nofan screamed before pushing the horse. It whirred and began a fast gallop past the orcs and his caravan. Kelken attempted to look back, only to see a fire being started on their caravan. He had no clue what would happen to Nofan. "Mother…Nofan…" He said, before his sight darkened and fell into a deep sleep… … "Master, what do thou wish?" " Find the item of what I speak of…do NOT fail me…" "Yes, my master, what of the elves, they could become a bit of a…interruption?" "Kill them, kill them ALL!" "As you command, my master." Chapter 2 Kelken woke to a sharp pain in his shoulder. "Aaahh!" He blared out, before sitting up in a rush. As his eyesight unblurred, he saw the orcish arrow that had pieced his shoulder, lying in front of his lap. Someone had removed it and where in the midst of bandaging up his wound. Kelken looked up, to see a man, not much older than himself, cleaning up his wound . "wh…where am-" Kelken questioned but was cut off. "Shhh, get some rest, it'll help, trust me" The man said. Taking his advice, Kelken rested his head and dozed off almost immediately. Kelken finally woke up; he didn't feel like he got much of a