An Unsung Tale - Part 2… Chapter 1 Haldir swiftly reached across his back for his elven bow, the speed of the horse he rode making his reach awkward and uncomfortable. Marcel lay slanted on the front of his horse, gripping its fair mane with all his might, for he knew this quarrel that they had gotten themselves into wasn't going to end well. Glorfindel, who strode on his white steed to Marcel's right, raced a little ahead of them, leading their horse in the right direction in which to travel. A Nazgul on his fell-beast had broken off from the battle for Minas Morgul and now hounded the elven party as if they held something of great importance, which they did. The Mouth of Sauron wasn't letting his forceful grip on Marcel go unanswered and so sent one of the nine Nazgul to hunt him. The fell-beast picked up speed as it swiftly cut through the air like a knife, silently as it did. It was gaining on them. Haldir, who now held his bow firmly in his hands, looked toward Marcel and handed him the reigns, even though Marcel held no strength of his own, but just enough to hold on. Glorfindel turned his head around to witness the Nazgul on Haldir's tail, and screamed in its direction. As soon as he caught sight of it, Haldir hastily took an arrow from the quiver that was strapped to the horse's side and placed it in his bow. "Shoot! Now!" Exclaimed Glorfindel, halting his horse as he spoke. Haldir listened intently and threw his self toward the Nazgul's direction and fired. Unfortunately, the arrow sieved under the fell-beasts right wing, and landed somewhere within the plains of Southern Gondor. Haldir swore to himself quietly before attempting to place one more arrow into his bow. But the Nazgul had caught wind of their attack and led his beast for a swift dive. Landing successfully beside Haldir and his steed, the tale of the beast smashing into the side of their horse, making it whine in pain and tossing Haldir and Marcel off of their steed and crashing toward the ground, Haldir just managing to stop his roll, whilst Marcel, still too weak, rolling a little farther from the scene. He let out a cry as his arms begun to pulse, making them sear with sharp and unbearable pain. Glorfindel gazed at Marcel, before returning his gaze toward Haldir and quickly aiding him to his feet. The two elven warriors now faced the fell-beast and its rider, with the dark mountains of Mordor as its background, whilst the stretch of the Misty Mountains was theirs. Both warriors now thought themselves fortunate, as they stood a chance now that the beast was not airborne. They removed their swords from their belts and poised ready for attack. The fell-beast let out a growl aimed toward the elves, and then backed off, revealing that its rider now stood in its place, his Morgul blade in its metal hands. The Nazgul begun eerily staring at the elves, wondering whether to make the first move, or let them. Glorfindel stood forward. "Back off, fiend, go back to the shadow from whence you climbed out of." He barked toward the Nazgul. It raised its head, its cloak hiding its gaze from the thoughts of men. It begun to speak, its voice echoing strangely throughout the area that they were in. " Hand over the man, and no harm will come to your kin…as of yet…" "You will not come near him! What is your quarrel with this man?" Glorfindel harshly replied. " My master wants to send a message, that anyone who dare enter his realm, will pay with their lives, as his men did, as they now lie dead at our doorstep…" Both parties stood silent for a moment, for both Glorfindel and Haldir weren't entirely sure what had occurred within the dark halls of Minas Morgul. They turned their gaze toward Marcel, who still lay in pain on the ground. The fell-beast once again, growled, its tone an unnerving one. Attention once again returned toward the Nazgul, as it plunged its blade into the dirt and raised its claw-like hands to the sky. What progresses next however, the elves did not intend. As the servant of the east begun chanting in its black speech, the skies darkened, which was clearly not the weather of the world. Glorfindel and Haldir raised their eyes to the skies and watched as the last light from it dissipated into nothing. The Nazgul was emitting some form of dark sorcery to the sky, a power in which neither elf could contend with. The battlefield begun to get very quiet, very fast. Their vision began to fade as a sudden mist appeared around where they stood, only the eyes of the fell-beast could be seen, its wretched glare, intimidating any who dare come close to it. The elven party now faced total darkness. Marcel however, saw nothing. He could see the Nazgul with its arms raised suspiciously and the elven warriors frozen with fear. But as he forcefully crawled along the floor to help those that had helped him not far back, the black rider was already mounted on its beast and risen high in the evening sky. Although the beast and its rider did not ride east, it rode north east, in the direction of Mirkwood. Unaware of their destination, Marcel returned to the moment at hand. Glorfindel and Haldir's sight quickly returned to them as the rider flew farther from their location until the skies above them begun to shine once more, both with a look of wonder on their faces, and worry. Chapter 2 Glorfindel and Haldir both firmly agreed that it best they change their route for it was clearly being watched by the dark presences of Middle-Earth. They had to find some way of healing Marcel of his grave wounds, for another day in the wilds would kill him. As no help would come from the men of Gondor, the elves turned to their own borders, their own kin. Haldir's realm, Lothlorien, was by far their closest bet at receiving aid, but it lay too close to the forests of Mirkwood, and to the dangerous ruins of Dol Guldur. Realising that their best hope was to sail down the Argonath and down the river Anduin, and attempt to enter the once great dwarven kingdom of Moria, pass through unseen and then walk north, to Rivendell. But the elves both scarcely held hope that Marcel would survive such a journey, for if not, then this path was useless. Marcel had managed to regain most of his former strength in his legs and now walked unaided by his elven companions, yet they still kept a watchful eye. There was little conversation between the three, only short, sharp looks. Marcel could clearly see they wanted answers, and was more than willing to talk, just as long as he didn't get made out as the enemy. Night fall arrived over their encampment just north of Cair Andros. They had planned to move at first light to avoid any interruptions and planned to travel as fast as they could possibly go. Haldir had started up a small fire after a few effortless tries and beckoned his elven kin beside him. Marcel strolled up and kneeled across from them. They swiftly met eye contact, which then returned toward the fire. Glorfindel, who had been desperate to ask Marcel something, finally spoke. "So, care to explain what a man was doing in the dark realm of Minas Morgul?" He spoke, Haldir too listening intently on Marcel's reply. "I wasn't alone. I was far from it." He grasped his right arm as he recalled battle and the thoughts that followed. "I was sent by Lord Orondar, from the well hidden lands of Andrast, with a party of three-thousand of our finest and most loyal soldiers…and we sailed. We sailed for days before reaching the shores of Gondor. Our reason you may ask? Minas Morgul! We were so close I tell you, so close, but the darkness within that place yet remains…" A sudden silence fell over the camp as the elves tried to take in what they had just heard. It was clear to them that this attack the men of the west had planned, failed, and with dreadful losses. "Tell us more of this Andrast? Where it be held?" Haldir spoke. "Well, we are a quiet folk, nor do we bother the outside world, but we too harness the thought of once day being free from Sauron's grasp." Marcel replied, tightening his fist as he spoke of his enemy. All of a sudden, Haldir rose to his feet, jolting the vision of both Glorfindel and Marcel to look immediately upward. "Do you not know what troubles you have yet meddled in!? You are a hunted man now due to the repercussions of your foolish actions!" Haldir barked toward Marcel, who now sat quiet, unable to process what he had just heard. "Enough, Haldir of Lorien. There is but no reason to start quarrelling over the actions of the past. No we must focus on our future, the next few days in particular." Replied Glorfindel to Haldir's verbal attack on Marcel. Haldir now slowly fell back to his knees and hung his head in silence. "I'm sorry for what I have caused, what the men of Andrast have caused, but our need is great, for it saddens me to say, but our Lord grows ill." Marcel stated, with grief in his subtle voice. Glorfindel thought to himself for a short moment, before realising who this Lord Orondar actually was. "Wait, Orondar Nordinair? One of the Dunedain of the north, blessed with long life? Is this of whom u speak of?" Glorfindel questioned. Surprised at what he spoke of, Marcel nodded. Haldir turned toward Glorfindel. "How do you know of their leader, have you previously met him before?" Haldir questioned, him too surprised at his knowledge of such a thing. But he nodded in response to a no. "I have not, but Aragorn, son of Arathorn, who too is blessed with such a gift, has. I've conversed with Aragorn little more than two days from my departure from Rivendell. He may yet still linger there if we return soon." Marcel had heard of this Aragorn that the elves spoke of, but were merely rumours. Such rumours that even were as notorious as to say that he were the heir to the throne of Gondor, the heir of Isildur himself! Since this were the direction in which they headed, it may be useful for him to converse with Aragorn too. The elves looked at one another, spoke something in their own language, and left the site of their campfire and into a small tent that was set up, whether it would have space for all three of them was yet to be seen. Marcel, still in some pain, chose not to follow, for he wanted to think for himself for a while. The moon was incredibly large on this particular night, a scene Marcel had not witnessed for an age. But under the alluring sight of the moon, lay the black mountains of Mordor, lit with the harsh red and yellow ambiance that Mount Doom gave off. He quickly turned his gaze away from it. It was rather peaceful somehow, especially after what Marcel had just been through. But for all its calmness, the thoughts of Arith and Lecres still lay on his mind, and would do so until he found out what happened to them, at least Lecres anyway, for he had witnessed what happened to Arith unfortunately. He took in a deep breath before suddenly catching a glimpse of a sudden movement to the east. Not caring whether it was a threat, or just some natural noise, he kicked dirt into the fire, taking