~A/N This is a re-edited version, not too different than the first post. I corrected a few items. This one shot based on Brad Paisley and Allison Krauss duet, "Whiskey Lullaby" and it comes with a serious hankie alert, this is not for the faint of heart. It's a punch in the gut times two. Let's face it though, if you were a Jacob/Bella shipper in the books, you might have thought it all got wrapped up in a neat and tidy, unrealistic package. I thought the story called for a little reworking and the song inspired me to paint an entirely different picture. I would like to give a huge shout out to my friend Urban Rose for pre-reading and crying with me, as well as the lovely banner she tirelessly worked on for the story. I love her so much! Copyright disclaimer: Stephanie Meyer is the sole owner of Twilight and all recognizable characters. Summary: Jacob and Bella were destined to be together, but mistakes were made on both sides. Their ill-fated love affair was broken apart as soon as it began. The paths they took were filled with self destruction and heartbreak, but eventually out of the ashes; hope was renewed. One shot based on the song Whiskey Lullaby. [AU, Jacob/Bella] Whiskey Lullaby Heat. A burn she'd denied herself for months had engulfed her like a flame. His breath seared against her neck once more, causing that unfamiliar flare to rise up again. It was like nothing she'd ever read or heard about from loose lips at school. She didn't think it was supposed to be that way the first time. Most girls described it as painful or awkward; barely lasting long enough to give them any satisfaction, but he'd already given it to her several times and it was happening again. He knew it too. He smiled against her. "That's it, Bells...keep coming over and over. I love you. I want you to feel good," Jacob purred in her ear. He pulled her impossibly close. She felt like their skin had melded together because of his extreme heat. Her soul somehow singed with his. She tried to clear all other thoughts from her mind and merely concentrate on what was taking place in the here and now. Jacob, her best friend was making love to her. It was never supposed to happen. She was engaged to Edward. They were getting married in a few weeks. She had gone out to check on him one last time after he suffered injuries in the newborn battle. He'd told her not to come, that he needed time but like always, she hadn't listened. It was supposed to be one final goodbye. They had the house to themselves like so many other times, but this time their farewell hug turned into a kiss. It started out soft, like the perfect parting gesture, but then one of them opened up. She swore it was her and not him, but once it happened the rest was inevitable. His mouth took control of hers and she submitted with ease. He covered the inside of her mouth with his taste. She felt all her walls begin to crumble around them. The next step was touch. He'd always been at ease with a friendly squeeze to her hand or an arm tossed lazily over her shoulder, but this was brand new. He wasn't touching her like a friend, he was touching her like a man in need and whatever Jacob needed she was willing to provide. There was no way she was turning back. "Uh…" he grunted out. She had no idea those sex noises would turn her on so much. She'd previously imagined something like that would have embarrassed her, but it had the opposite affect on her. She made them right along with him. All her inhibitions lay beneath them with her discarded clothes. "Yes Jacob, oh...right there, please faster. Again." He quivered and shook with her that last time and she felt warmth fill her from within. He remained intertwined with her a few minutes longer as their breathing calmed. He tentatively pulled out and off her but never completely released his hold on her. She turned her head to stare in his eyes. "Jake." He pressed a finger to her wet lips. "Shh Bells, don't talk yet. I don't want to stop feeling it. God, baby...I love you so much. You have no idea." But she did, finally she understood. She felt how much he loved her and at the same time, she had allowed herself to completely and totally love only him. She was so comfortable and at peace, she must have briefly drifted off, but she soon remembered where she was and opened her eyes. He was smiling at her. "Hey you." He kissed the tip of her nose. "Are you okay? Are you sore?" She thought about it as her mind further woke up and sure enough there was an ache there she hadn't felt before. "Just a little." "I figured, maybe a hot shower would help," he wiggled his eyebrows. "You mean together?" "Yeah, unless you don't want to." Did she? She only had to ponder the question a few seconds to realize, of course she did. He took special care of her body in the shower. It was so soothing and so sensual. When they dried off and wrapped up in their towels he suggested feeding their stomachs, so they raided the fridge. They took it all back to his tiny room. Once the snacks were polished off (mostly by him) he tried to ask more about what it all meant, but she deflected all his questions. She climbed in his lap and started it all back up again. "You sure? I don't want to hurt you." She denied the hurt, she had to experience it all over again before the real hurt came. The next time had been even better than the first. He must have been on top of the world thinking he knew what it all meant. That made it all so much worse when she sat up in the bed and started getting dressed. "Stay. I don't want you to go yet." "I can't Jake, I have to." "Why?" "Because you know why." "So that you can tell him?" She looked away, giving him the first clue that she was about to once and for all rip him to shreds. "No!" he roared. "You can't be fucking serious, after that? No, I don't believe you. You felt it, we were perfect, you love me more than him." He was so right. She did, loved him more than she thought possible, but she still had to leave. He had a soulmate out there, she knew it. That would have been their fate. She'd give him all of herself and one day he would have no choice but to leave. She also had made that promise to Edward, to all the Cullen's. Of course, the Volturi were always on her mind as well. She couldn't take a chance, too many people she cared about could get caught in the crossfire. "I'm sorry Jake, you know what I told you when you were injured." "Yeah forgive my ignorance for thinking that didn't apply the second you jerked my pants off." "Jacob, please." She continued getting dressed. He was one step ahead of her, pulling on his shorts and a shirt to follow her outside. "Please what?" he asked when they made it outside. "Are you seriously going to marry him, let him fuck you with his ice cold dick? Are you going to let his hands touch you the way I just did? You're going to be a lifeless corpse just like all of them, right? That's not what you want any more. You're lying if you say it is." She walked back towards him. He grabbed her and kissed her hard again. She was proving him right all over again, but when he released her, she still said the same thing. "Good bye, Jacob I'll always love you. I'm sorry," she whispered. She had almost made it to her truck when he yelled, "If you do this, it will split me apart. Will sorry be good enough when that happens?" She turned back around to say one last thing, but the russet wolf was running full speed into the forest, a pile of shredded clothes in his wake. She went forward with the wedding plans over the next two weeks. She couldn't even remember what her days consisted of when she went to bed each night. Edward bought that she was trying to spend as much time with Charlie as possible and he rarely came into her room at night. If he was outside, she didn't know, but he was sure to hear her constantly crying herself to sleep. Many nights she clung to the phone willing herself to call or for it ring but neither happened. The day of the wedding came, and Charlie asked one last time before walking down the aisle. "You sure about this?" "Yes, Dad," she lied again. The wedding was nothing like she'd ever dreamed of because not one thing there was something she would have chosen or even liked. It was beautiful but it wasn't her. The reception went on for hours. She said her goodbyes to all her friends. She even made contact with Billy and Seth, "Any news?" "No, Bella, he'll come back when he's ready," is what Billy told her. She dropped her eyes toward the ground and said, "I'm sorry," again and then hugged them both. Jacob had been running since that day, from what little information the pack would give her. Seth was the only one that shared any news. She was exhausted by the time they had boarded the plane to a destination unknown to her. Edward was attentive. He kept reassuring her their life would soon be perfect and they would have forever. That word sounded less and less perfect to her each time he said it. Edward woke her when they landed. He brought her to a pier to catch a charter boat. She had finally figured out they were somewhere in South America. Of all the honeymoon destinations in the world, he had taken them to Carlisle's private island. Who the hell has their own island? The inside was perfectly decorated and fully stocked with anything she might need. It was the moment all those other months that she had practically begged Edward for. He had always been extremely resistant, but his mood seemed completely altered since they were alone. He came up behind her and pressed his cold lips to her neck. She shivered instantly and he must of mistook her reaction as desire. It wasn't. It didn't feel the same anymore not since...not since him. How could she go through with it? Jacobs words burned in her memory, "You going to let him touch you how I just did?" He started to try to undress her, she detached her mind from her body. It was probably the only way she wasn't screaming no. Edward was becoming more and more forceful and he pushed her back on the mattress. She was only wearing her her bra and panties since he'd pulled off her dress. His eyes raked over her and she became alarmed when he took a long, deep inhale. His eyes instantly blackened. Her natural fear instinct kicked him. She had always asserted he would never hurt her, but now she wasn't so sure. His hands dug into her skin and she finally opened her mouth in protest. "Stop Edward, don't you're hurting me." He barely acknowledged her. "Ahh, you smell so sweet, love. I'm almost overcome by your scent. I need more of you." She started to squirm underneath him. Nothing felt right. "Stop don't, please Edward." She wasn't sure if he was hearing her,