~A/N I have been on pins and needles waiting to post. I truly planned it out to be a light-hearted piece after so much drama in Revival. What can I do to prepare you? First off, if you didn't like or read Revival, this isn't for you! Secondly, I can't imagine what truly living a life like this would be like. I have no desire to either, but it's pretty fun sorting it out in a fantasy world. This one-shot touches base with several key characters from it's predecessor, mainly, their children. The meat of it focuses on how Jacob, Paul and Bella keep it going. Reminder: we are no longer dealing with very young, immature characters. The end of Revival was 22 years after Caleb broke the curse and this is one year after that. It puts the trio around fifty years of age. News flash: that isn't old by today's standards. I have loved this past year being on FF for the most part, thinking up stories and posting for people that enjoy them. My muse runs wild 24/7, so I'm writing several pieces at once and hope to add a couple more in the near future. Thanks to all those that have favorited me or put me on your alerts. I really appreciate that as well as getting some nominations this year in the Non Canon awards and placing in a couple of writing contest on Tricky Raven. I never imagined to have this sort of feedback when I first started. It's been a true joy. Without further adieu...here is an outtake based on Revival. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. The Anniversary "Mom, I swear you're acting like you're going on a first date or something. You've been together with Uncle Jake and Uncle Paul since forever. Are you going to cry? Stop, don't you dare cry." "I'm trying not to, but it's just so much." Bella straightened out her dress one more time and spun around in front of Layla's full length mirror. Layla was right, she was acting like a nervous teenager. It was such a special occasion and she didn't want anything to go wrong. Loads could potentially run a muck since she was attempting her first ever date with the two of them at the same time. It was highly unusual for anyone, even them. They were both well aware of the bond she shared with the other. Paul was in and out of their house on a regular basis and he had been for decades, but there were portions of her relationships that were extremely private. Jacob knew full well her connection with Paul was strong. She had two children with him, but he obviously harbored jealousy and resentment. He was the primary imprint and her husband never let anyone forget that truth. Bella couldn't help noticing Layla holding her sides and massaging her taut skin. "Baby girl, are you having pains? I can stay tonight, if you think something's starting up." "No, no way, it's your special night. I'm two weeks from my due date." "Well, some of mine were early. Are you sure?" "Yes, Mom...it's my first. I'm sure it's not tonight. Plus, Trevor's here all night and Cassie's on standby." Layla and Trevor were having their first child. She started working on leaving behind the wolf after the big Volturi showdown. Barely, three months went by and it happened. She was still phasing here and there until she realized she was pregnant so that officially catapulted her into retirement and she gave up the wolf for good. Lots of the pack had quit. Of course, none of the veterans had kept it up once the battle was a success. Caleb had a small pack with his brothers and the majority of the second generation. A few of them had stopped and Raif was wanting to. They hadn't seen a vampire, or caught a scent since that perilous day. She was on the verge of a recovery with Jacob to find Paul hanging by a thread, but he came back to her at the last second. They were right when they decided to create the new anniversary. It was a day worth celebrating over and over. She saw a peculiar look come over her daughter. "What? You saw something, didn't you? It's tonight, isn't it?" "No, Mom. It wasn't anything. It was a blip and I think it was something about you, not me. It's happy, you're happy, I mean. Don't look so worried. It was only a flash." Layla wasn't the typical seer if such a thing existed. She was no Alice, thank God, but she did get small intuitions and none of them understood the gift. It was always something she wished Kelsee would've explained more, but that wasn't Kelsee's way. She thought they had to figure out what it all meant on their own. Bella still thought of her and missed her deeply. Layla had some pretty keen senses left over. She surprised her mother, "Uncle Jake's here." She obviously heard his approach because Bella hadn't heard a sound yet. "Wish me luck." "Why?" She thought about the past year. Her men had called a truce years before just in time for Caleb's arrival, and the three of them had a system, an understanding that worked out well for all parties. The cancer and remission had changed something. She felt tension creeping back in over the past few years, especially her year of recovery. There was stress, illness, deaths and everyday life that sometimes pulled them in all directions. It was like they'd all been so close to losing everything, there was a new heightened need to be around her. It wasn't a competition, but the dominant, possessive nature still existed despite them living normal, human lives. She was about to share a very private moment with both of them and in her mind, she'd created a perfect fantasy outcome. She knew from the past, her imagination wasn't always as harmonious as reality. "Yeah, Layla. Like I said, wish me luck." She hugged and kissed her daughter and patted her belly. They could hardly wait for the next grandchild. Nash and Harper were expecting one a few months down the road as well. She also had a sinking suspicion, Cassie was expecting again, but keeping it to herself for some reason. Even Raven and Caleb admitted they were working on making young Will a big brother. Weekends, family bonfires and holidays were getting larger each year, but they were use to it since the pack was one big family. "Good luck, call us if they misbehave and we'll come get you." Bella laughed, "You know them so well." "Yeah, kinda hard not to." It was true, they never took the place of Seth as Layla's father, but they both stepped in and were what she needed. She was fortunate to have them both. Jacob stepped outside the vehicle to get a good look at her. She twirled a couple of times and made her skirt flare out. "Hey handsome, care to give me a lift?" He picked her off the ground and spun her around. "Even prettier than the first day at the airport." "Really, wrinkles and stray grays, prettier?" "I see no flaws...only you, my Bells." They got inside the SUV, she pushed up the console and buckled in next to him. "You can keep that down and sit in your regular seat." "No, that's okay. I thought Paul would want to sit up front." She ignored the grumbling coming from his lips and added, "In fact, I'm surprised he isn't with you." Jacob explained that Paul had run to Cassie's because neither of them knew shit about gift wrapping, so they'd swing by and get him there. "What? Gifts? We never said this was a gift occasion. I don't have anything for the two of you." "You're the gift, honey. You're healthy and alive. You don't have to buy us another thing the rest of our lives. I'm sure for once Lahote agrees with me." She noticed they weren't moving yet, so she turned to see why he was stalling. "What's going through that mind of yours, Jacob Black?" She felt the sentiment flow through her mind and body. Mine. Always. He leaned in to give her a welcomed kiss. They stayed fused together longer than the normal hello kiss. Even though, he'd stopped shifting years before, he could still warm her from the inside out with the tiniest contact. She finally regained her senses and pulled back, "What if Layla's looking out? She already made me realize I was acting like a nervous teen getting ready and now we're making out in her driveway. We should go." "I figured I better make one count before you know who starts cockblocking the rest of the night. That's til I remind him whose bed you're going to tonight." "You promised." "What? I'm being good. I'm getting my feels in before we're all together." "Remember? The three of us made a deal. It's about family and celebration...us, not you and I or Paul and I." "I remember, Bells. You're right. We promised, good boys like the old days." "I highly doubt boys is the correct title, no more than good. It also depends which old days you're referring to? They weren't always carefree." He looked like he was thinking about some of them. Finally, he shook away the memories and got started towards Cassie's. She thought she should tell him he was wrong about one thing before Paul joined them. "Um Jake, my stuff's at Layla's already. I'm spending the night there." "Why? Hope's at the sleepover. Charlie's at the hunting cabin, how often do we have the house to ourselves?" Her father had been living with them. It made sense because he was up in years. Thankfully, he was completely healthy but she knew he was lonely. They had the space Billy use to occupy, so it was a perfect set up. "It's just, I didn't think it was fair to go home with you since it's a night out with both of you and Layla needs me." "How? Layla's been self-sufficient since she was eight." "The baby, you know it could be anytime...maybe tonight even." "She tell you that?" "No, but she seemed like she was hurting some when I was there and I think she had a vision, but she was vague about that." He didn't understand. It took six minutes to get to Layla and Trevor's max. "We're married, you live with me. He knows that. It's not your normal getaway time." "I know, but you know good and well, he and I haven't had a vacation in years other than visiting Mom and Phil for their anniversary party because you had too much work. We took everyone else with us that weekend. It wasn't alone time." She just didn't feel like abandoning Paul at the end of the night for Jake and walking out on him to go to Paul's place was unheard of. "Layla's, I'm going back to her house. End of story." "Yeah, we'll see about that." "You're a stubborn ass, you know that?" "That's what they tell me." She folded her arms across her chest and gave him the silent treatment the rest of the way. "I love you, Bells." He ran his palm across her thigh and bunched up her skirt between his fingers. She slapped at him, but he held her hand down. "Say it back or else." "Or else what?" He continued making her skirt pull higher and she started giggling because he knew her ticklish spots. "Okay, okay...I love you too, you pompous ass...so