~A/N I was thrilled to create this special piece for Jane Dee (plainjanedee) in the 3rd annual Tricky Raven Auction. We tossed around some ideas and many song prompts. In the end, I wanted to start something that captured the very reason I sought out fanfiction in the first place, a heartfelt Jacob/Bella story. It became clear early on, I couldn't get it done in a one shot, so this ended up as a short story. It's pretty much complete, only a wrap up chapter or two remains. It's most likely 8 or 9 parts. I'm dividing up the original one shot into the first two parts, since it was lengthy. I have several listening suggestions along the way. Special thanks to Urban Rose for the super sexy banner. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: All of Bella's choices were made. There was no hope left for Jacob. She'd broken him for good or so he thought. An unlikely event opened the door for one final opportunity. A brief change of heart causes a contemplation which leads to fulfilled desires. Unexpected occurrences create all new choices for Bella. What, how, or who will she chose? [AU short story, Jacob/Bella] All or Nothing Part 1 ("Bleeding Love" by Leona Lewis) He couldn't stop shaking. The rage bubbled over, Jacob couldn't contain the wolf much longer. Might as well let him loose, allow him to take over for good. If that was how it felt to love and lose, he didn't want to even be human any longer. The first card was laughable...a party. The leeches wanted to throw the pack a fancy shindig for saving Bella. Newsflash... they didn't do it for them. Jacob always protected her, even when she didn't want it. He knew the guys would be receiving theirs one by one. All of them would toss the embossed notecards in the garbage. What a waste of paper. Jacob had never heard of the club the little pixie apparently reserved. As stupid of an idea that was, it wasn't the true reason for his anguish. He opened the second envelope and read the words. The leech had the audacity to invite him to the wedding. He claimed he would have wanted the courtesy if the situation had been reversed. The only courtesy he wanted to extend him was to shove the ripped pieces of the expensive stationary up his old, dormant ass. Jacob struggled with the thought of telling his father goodbye or leaving without a word. His hand was on the door when he heard the car door slam. She wasn't driving the truck anymore, so he didn't hear her approach. "Jake, wait...I need to warn you." She looked at his porch littered with confetti. "Oh, you saw?" "Yeah, seems like there's no going back now...the invitations are out." "Jake, please. I...I didn't know. I would've stopped him, but I only found out after the fact." That was the way it always was between them. Bella would never have the whole picture until it was too late. Why couldn't she see how fucked up that was? "Well, bye...have a nice...nevermind. I don't even mean that." She touched his shoulder and he froze. He thought the night in his room would be the last time he felt her. She asked where he was going. "Away." "Please don't. I understand why you're upset, but could you at least consider the party? Alice went to a lot of trouble to make it nice for all of you." "You must be joking. No one's going." "Oh," she looked down at her feet. He was so sure all of it was over between them when she left him broken that night. She did more damage than any damn vampire could inflict. There was something in her voice when she said "Oh." Was it regret? He had one last shot, he was suddenly convinced. "Okay, I'll go. The pack will be there." "What? Really you mean it? I think it's going to be lots of fun." "One condition." She looked uncertain. "You promise me a dance." "Oh my gosh, you know I don't dance. Anything but that." "Nope, either we dance or no deal. Your party will be a bust." If she really wanted to spend more time with him, she'd say yes. "Sure, Jacob. I'll step on your feet. I guess you like being tortured." "Truer words were never spoken. See you Saturday night, Bells." He went back inside without inviting her in. They said all they needed to say. She was going to finally see the error of her ways or he'd be left with only the memories of what could've been. He had his work cut out for him with the pack, but he needed all of them if the plan would succeed. Leah was busy studying. Jacob hadn't even paid attention that she was going to the community college until she visited him pretty often while he was recovering. Of course, he knew she harbored a smidgen of guilt. He told her she shouldn't, but he wasn't above using the circumstance to get his way. "To what do I owe this honor?" "You busy? I need a favor." She said she was taking her last final the next day, but she could use a break. "All this indoor shit has got me edgy. Wanna run?" "Sure, but keep an open mind, 'kay?" They phased in and headed north towards one of the pack's favorite regions. He thought about the party invitation. She immediately howled, said it was a sick fucking joke. She knew for a fact everyone tossed theirs. Jacob turned around to hide behind a tree. He slipped on some shorts and had a seat on a large rock. She followed suit, soon enough and joined him. He asked if she would please come for him. He also needed a reason to convince the others to come. "You know that friend of yours...the uninhibited one?" "You mean, Joanna?" "Yeah, bring her." "Why would that increase the odds of you dragging them all to a vamp get together?" Jacob pretty much knew, the promise of free food and drink wasn't enough. He was trying to ask Leah in the most delicate way or he might end up getting kicked in the nuts. "Oh, I get it. It's because I told you JoJo swings both ways. Seriously, you want them to imagine that she and I do stuff. I'm right, aren't I?" "Well, all I need is to plant a seed and I swear, Paul, Emb and Quil will be all over it. Please….pretty please Leah. I did kinda, sorta save your life." "Fuck you." She acted like she was about to leave, but he apologized. "That's not it. I know you're doing this for her. Hasn't she screwed you over enough? Hey, I've got an idea. Why don't you actually bring your own date and try to move on once and for all?" "Please, Bella's still unsure. I have to try...her life's at stake." She finally gave in, but said Jo was her friend, nothing more and if they planned on some sort of girl on girl show, they were shit out of luck. "You know...us girls, don't strip to our panties and have pillow fights like you dorks all think we do." He said, of course he knew, but deep down she kinda crushed one of his and Quil's favorite fantasies. Rach and Becca were always so sneaky when they had sleepovers. Quil assumed they must be in their room practically naked with all their girlfriends. They were probably only about fourteen, but the idea stuck with them. Jacob spent the next few days meticulous planning it all out. He finally got them all to agree to meet up at The Illuminati. Alice had a back room reserved, she promised no one would card them and they could stay until the bar closed. Jacob convinced them, they wouldn't run out of food, drink or possibilities. He read the reviews online and the club was known for an abundance of hot college coeds. Of course, his admission that Leah was coming with Jo had all their tongues wagging. "Do you think they'll kiss?" Quil asked. Paul said if the opportunity presented itself, he was asking for a threeway. Jacob told them what he needed and that was interference with the leech. Sam had already come through for him in an unexpected way. All he needed was her to say "yes" to one little request and Jacob was certain after prepping her on the dance floor, she would. ("One More Night" by Maroon 5, "Out of this Club" by The Pussycat Dolls) The bass was pounding, the colored lights were flashing, bodies were already packed in the open area of the club. Jacob could smell the overwhelming scents of booze, perfume and lust. He did it, the entire La Push pack was there. A coven of vamps were in the back with Bella in their midst. The parent figures didn't show. They thought it was more of a youthful event. Strange, because Jake knew they all were ancient, rotting corpses, but whatever. It was better, there were only five instead of seven. Bella was nestled against Edward, her eyes met his and she smiled. He couldn't go for it immediately. What he had planned took some finesse. The guys quickly raided the food trays. They had their own private bartender. They all knew the liquor did little to them, but if they drank fast enough and frequent enough, it was slightly intoxicating. Bella waved him over to her table. "See, I told you this would be fun." They looked around and the guys all seemed to be enjoying themselves. It was a room divided, for sure. The bloodsuckers on the left, the wolves to the right. Leah showed up last and Jacob was pleasantly surprised just how hot her friend was. Hmm, he thought of a way to possibly make Bella more likely to notice him, remind her what he truly meant to her. Leah brought over "red punch" and gave it to Bella which surprised all of them. Edward pushed it out of her reach. "No, love..it's alcoholic. You don't drink." "Seriously, Count Frigid, do you spoon feed her as well? You're not her Poppa. Just because you can't partake doesn't mean she shouldn't. It's a party!" Bella looked timid and unsure, but she shrugged. "I've always wanted to try some and it looks mostly like juice, right?" "Yeah…" Leah lied. "It's almost all juice." Bella sipped and giggled. She said she liked it very much. Jacob and Leah headed towards the dance floor and he complimented her on helping him out. He told her what he'd been thinking, so she introduced him to Joanna. It didn't take long for the guys to start gawking at his little display. Jo wasn't shy about getting down and dirty in between him and Leah on the dance floor. She was hot and so was Leah, but Leah was too much like a sister. He mainly paid attention to Joanna. He wished he'd set a timer, because it couldn't have been more than five minutes. Bella made an appearance in between the voyeurs, curious what had them so mesmerized. She barely had much punch left in her glass. He tried to seem like he was ignoring her, but that was definitely not the case. She was pissed. Her eyes pinched closed, her lips puckered and if Bells squeezed that glass any harder, it was going to shatter. Of course, the guys were making comments. "So hot." "I'm next." "Who the fuck thought Black had it in him?" That was Paul...stupid fuck. Finally