Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. ~A/N So apparently, I still get the itch. I had this one off and on for awhile now. I scratched it and here it is. Special thanks to my gal pal, Alix for inadvertently saying something that tickled my muse. This one is dedicated to you. Summary: Bella Swan was good at keeping secrets. She was also adept at hiding. Life had dealt some hard knocks, but also a pleasant surprise. Watch Bella embark on the toughest chapter of her young adult life. With her father's encouragement, she finally has a little faith in herself. Enter Jacob Black. He meant to help, but what if is his presence ending up hurting her in the worst way? [Jacob/Bella, AU] Serendipity The resounding crack proved to Bella her luck was not looking up anytime soon. Who breaks a hammer? She raised her hand and spoke to herself. "That would be me." Bella tossed the separate pieces out of frustration. The echo of breaking glass was the icing on the cake. At least it was only the detached garage and not the actual house. A broken window out in the garage could wait, the dripping kitchen sink and the loose step she'd almost broken her neck on couldn't wait another day. "Bells. You okay? There's glass everywhere." "I'm fine, Dad. Come on in." Her father stopped by often even though she hadn't even been settled a week. He was more than thrilled she relocated nearby after she settled her mother's estate. However, he was a little concerned how she spent a hefty chunk of her inheritance. Bella was a starving artist since high school. She never could settle on another career path. Painting was her passion. She also dabbled in writing poetry and photography. Her mother and step-father's sudden deaths from an accident shook her to the core, but they left a hefty sum of money to her so she would be taken care of and she needed it given her dire circumstance in life. Her mother was another gypsy soul and would be proud of Bella's choices. She purchased a plot of land on the outskirts of Forks. She had missed out on a real relationship with her father for years and losing her mother struck a chord. Family was everything. That became more apparent after several life-altering events. She could create her art anywhere, so why not live close to Charlie? She was no longer taking life for granted and she needed the support. Only her father knew why that was so important and why this house meant so much and why this was the hardest summer of her existence. "Bells, you're going to need that window fixed as soon as possible or you'll end up with all sorts of unwanted inhabitants. Don't you store canvases in here?" "I know, Dad. I store lots in here because I don't know where everything should go inside yet." Bella also kept her car in the garage. The last thing she wanted was to be greeted by a forest creature or worse... a mouse when she needed to go somewhere. Bella wasn't much of an animal person. They were cute and all, but not really her friends. Her mom had a cat when she was little and she was evil. Once the neighbor let his dog loose and Bella ended up with twelve stitches on the back of her thigh after attempting to pet the animal. She stated the facts. "I'll get to it later, but right now, I need some tools. The Realtor said the garage had plenty of tools left behind. He failed to mention they're all antiques or broken. I need one of those squeezy things and a hammer. Do you have either of those?" Charlie rubbed his mustache. "Well, I can't say I keep any squeezy things in my toolbox, but I have a few hammers back home. You should have called me earlier." Bella knew he was teasing her about the tool she needed for the kitchen sink because she couldn't remember what it was called. Bella informed him about all the water that flooded out on her feet when she tried to use the sink and the fourth step was determined to kill her. This house needed to be transformed into a proper home and safe. She was on borrowed time. "The window has to wait until tomorrow or the next day." It would probably be more like a week if she was being honest with herself. She was hot and tired and rambling. She refused to cry. It was important to her to do this herself. Her mother had never done a damn thing without Bella or some man's help. She closed her eyes and silently apologized to her mother, may she rest in peace, but it was the truth. "Bells, let me go back into town and get my tools. I don't know much about plumbing, but hopefully I can tighten up a loose-fitting pipe." "No, Dad. Didn't you work the night shift? Just point me in the right direction to the hardware store and I'll take care of it. You need to get some rest. Have you eaten anything today?" He insisted he was fine that he wasn't hungry and that he was off for the next 48 hours so his rest could wait. He commented she appeared like the one that needed rest and she understood why. If she'd known he was coming over, she would have concealed the dark circles under her eyes. Her father had this look on his face. It wasn't disappointment exactly, more like apprehension. She knew he didn't want her to buy this old place. He had some fairly sexist and old-fashioned remarks about her choice. "It seems like too much for a single woman to take on. Are you sure?" Bella didn't want to argue. She knew he worried about her. She wished he had a little faith. Come to think of it, she wished she had a little more faith in herself. Some very annoying people had shaken her confidence as well as almost broken her. Her mother's death should have been the final straw, but a letter left behind with the will kicked her in the tail and Bella decided she was a fighter. She would never give up. They would not beat her. Her father changed the subject. "Hey, come to think of it. Do you have any coffee made?" Bella was relieved to step away from her mistakes for a bit. She started a fresh pot of coffee and heated up last night's veggie frittata. She didn't miss her father's grimace. "Got any bacon?" "Nope." "Sausage? A ham steak?" "Dad, going meatless at least one day a week could add years to your life." He mumbled something incoherent, but managed a smile when he told her the egg creation wasn't half bad. "Whatcha painting these days?" "Nothing much. I had a strange dream last night and sketched a few things before I got out of bed. I didn't let myself get carried away so it doesn't make much sense. Come to think of it, my dream was a little scary and I don't usually paint such things." "Well don't start scaring yourself. It's bad enough you're out here far from me or anyone else for that matter. I'd still like to talk about loaning you a gun." Bella put her hands over her ears. "No way, I told you I don't believe in guns." "Bells, that hardly makes sense. Tell me you don't believe in the tooth fairy and I accept that, but how can you not believe in an invention that's very real? My job and the safety of Forks relies on guns. I'm not saying you have to take up hunting, just let me show you the basics. I highly doubt you'll ever need to fire it, but better safe than sorry." "No guns." "And no help from your Dad?" "I appreciate your offer, I'm a big girl now. I need to take care of my own projects." "Wait. I don't know why I didn't suggest this earlier. Hire someone." "No thank you. You're worried about my safety and now you're suggesting I hire some stranger that will overcharge me and take advantage because I'm a woman living alone. Plus, you know I need every dime I have left." "No way, not a stranger. I would never suggest that. My old friend Billy has a boy." Bella interrupted. "A boy, Dad, really?" "I say that out of habit, but Jacob is a full grown man, of course. And I do mean grown. I've known him since the day he came home from the hospital. He is a fixer. You name it and he can fix it: cars, appliances, woodworking, roof repair, he's a damn fine carpenter too. He worked for a local guy since he was a teenager, but Dowling was never going to make him a partner or give him what he deserved. Jacob's trying to build a business of his own. I'm going to give him a call." "Don't. If he's out of a job, he'll try to run up a never-ending bill when he sees this place. I need the basics not a full remodel." "Nonsense. Jake's almost family. He'll be fair and I just said he has his own business now. He isn't out of a job." "I hate charity." "It won't be charity. Damn kiddo. Accept kindness. Not everyone has an ulterior motive." Bella wasn't so sure about that. She trusted Charlie and that was it. Oh and one other because that was inevitable, but she tried not to think too hard about that or she would definitely cry. A true handyman? It sounded almost tempting. Bella could focus on the fun parts like curtains and painting and this guy Jake could fix broken windows, loose boards and leaky pipes. "Wait. Billy doesn't know, does he?" "Of course not. You said you didn't want anyone to know yet. I respect that although he'd be understanding." "I'm sure because I can't take anymore questions or certain looks. You know how hard these months are. It's like I'm ripped in pieces." Bella gave into those tears. Poor Charlie. She was whining to him about something he probably understood better than most. "I'm so sorry, Dad." He held her tight and let her cry. It wasn't the first time. It wouldn't be the last. "I have to make it work." "I know, honey. You will. It's going to work out. I'm calling Jacob. Trust me. Give him a chance." "Okay, but just the basics. Tell him nothing fancy. He doesn't need to prove anything out here." Charlie laughed. "Fine. Jake's not the type that needs to impress." "What's that mean?" "You'll see, Bells. You'll see." Bella forced her father to leave after he yawned into his second cup of coffee. She cleaned up the small mess in the kitchen and swore when the sink leaked again. She slept awful the night before. The truth was she was sleeping terrible each night all alone in that big house. Charlie promised to call Jacob Black. Maybe everything could wait until tomorrow. She wasn't sure when he'd make it out, but he'd call first she assumed. Her dad would probably give Jake her cell number. She wiped up the mess under the cabinet and put a bucket to catch any other drips. Bella passed the room next to hers. She decided after moving in to keep that door closed. Part of her wanted to fix it up, the other knew it would only cause her more pain. She pulled out the strange sketch from behind her bed.