It had begun with a minor disagreement at one of their informal suppers in Emyn Arnen. The evening was not in itself particularly noteworthy: the food was so-so, the weather perhaps a little dreary, and Legolas and Gimli were notoriously capable of turning every conversation into an argument, as indeed was his lovely and quarrelsome wife, so their dinner parties had never been dull (and at times disastrous). That night the topic had been the wine. As always, Faramir had brought out what he hoped was a fitting vintage to complement their meal, but after one or two courteous sips, Legolas frowned and asked for ale instead. "Of course," said Faramir, swirling the wine in his glass with a small pang of defeat. "My cousin Elphir just sent these bottles from the vineyards of Belfalas. The quality of Dol Amroth's wines is proverbial, but I have long suspected he keeps the truly good stuff to himself." Actually, all wines tasted remarkably similar to Faramir, but it would not do for a Prince to admit that and certainly not for a sophisticated, scholarly one such as himself. "Don't worry yourself," said Gimli, clapping him on the shoulder. "It's a fine, solid red. Legolas is being contrary, as usual." "Perhaps Faramir and I simply have more discerning palates," said Legolas. "Ha! You know as well as I that Faramir would not notice the difference between a white and a red if it were not for the colour," said Gimli. That was below the belt. Also, probably true. "And," persisted the dwarf, "this is certainly not the worst he has ever served us." "It's terrible." "It's fine." "It has an acidic aftertaste and its aroma is almost austere," said Legolas with a sniff. The conversation would probably have derailed into the usual petty yes-no banter at this point if it had not been for Gimli's trump card: "Some impressive vocabulary from the woodland prince who does not even know what a wine press is." "Wine press?" Legolas said in wonder, the unusual combination of words catching him off-guard. "Why would you wish to press wine? Press into what?" "You press the grapes, my friend, to release their juice more efficiently. It is quite convenient. Of dwarven design originally." Gimli waxed on about some of the finer mechanics - windlasses, baskets and horizontal discs - while Legolas happily took no notice at all. The elf was not too keen on any large and wooden contraptions (unless, of course, they involved a tree somehow). "It does not sound convenient to me. Rather unwieldy and unappealing," said Legolas, after Gimli was done detailing the required hardware. "You do not use a wine press in the Greenwood?" said Faramir, somewhat surprised. Legolas raised a reluctant eyebrow. "Our wines are all imported. We do not concern ourselves with production." "Dorwinion supplies Mirkwood with its wines. At least, such I believe was the case when my father was a guest in that realm." Legolas threw a peeved look in Gimli's direction, and the dwarf flashed an easy grin. Then he turned back to Éowyn and Faramir: "It's a fertile land to the far east. The dwarves specifically designed the first press for their use, back in the day, and it spread to Gondor from there. There were some keen oenologists among my ancestors." "I find that hard to believe," said Legolas. "It was my kin who first colonised that region. Also, I have never heard of viniculture among the dwarves." "A common misconception." "Everyone knows it was the Eldar who taught the First Men how to use technology and tools, while your kin retreated into their caves." "I'm telling you," said Gimli, slightly flushed now. "The wine-press is dwarven technology. And we certainly never shared it with elves." "I tasted the wine Queen Arwen's party brought from Rivendell. It was delicious, and seemed to be available in great quantities," said Éowyn with a quick, sidelong and all too innocent glance at Faramir. "I'm sure elves could make wine. They're elves," said Gimli. "Grapes probably turn to wine for them just because they ask politely." Legolas smiled inscrutably. "But it was certainly the dwarves who invented the wine press and brought it to Dorwinion," continued Gimli. "And it's thanks to the dwarves that you are here enjoying it in Gondor, in this Fourth Age of Middle Earth." "The dwarf hath spoken," said Legolas. "It's the usual brand of revisionist history, of course." "Someone needs to revise those egotistical elvish tales with a few grains of truth." "It is a most noble invention. Whichever race brought it to Gondor must receive our proper and overdue thanks," said Éowyn, fanning the flames as only the former Lady of the Mead-hall could. Faramir's subsequent attempts at peace-making went unheeded, and for the remainder of the evening the elf and the dwarf argued their case, with Éowyn occasionally weighing in with one incendiary remark or other, until at last the two friends departed in sullen silence. "You're awful," he told his wife, who had led him to bed with glittering eyes and a half-smile alive with mischief. Éowyn's inherited lust for battle came out in surprising ways sometimes – though not all were equally unpleasant. oOoOo When Gimli and Legolas first came to dwell in Ithilien, Faramir and Éowyn did not see much of either of them. The dwarf and the elf were used to wandering in the wild, disappearing off the face of the earth for weeks, and any invitations to supper reached them about a month after they were sent. Yet after some time had passed, the two settled down in the new elven colony and Gimli especially became a regular guest at Emyn Arnen. While the unlikely friends still preferred to spend most of their time together, they discovered there were some activities best enjoyed apart. For example, grumbled Gimli, Legolas had an annoying tendency to sit and stare at a tree for hours on end, stroking it and humming in Sindarin, while forgetting all about the presence of his friend. It had been tolerable enough when these meditations were still regularly interrupted by roaming bands of orcs, but it could go on for hours now that Éowyn and Faramir had so efficiently managed to cleanse their lands. This last statement, uttered after some mugs of ale in the gardens on a warm summer's evening, was accompanied by an undeniably accusatory glare. Faramir, who was inclined to be curious about everything, and Gimli, who shared this same defect of character, became fast friends during these long nights, and their talk quickly moved from the general to the technical. Gimli's lengthy and detailed explanations of dwarven craftsmanship regularly set Faramir's brain whirring. Not just because it was new knowledge, long lost to Gondor if ever they had held it, but because of its potential. Dwarven techniques were straightforward, earthy, and depended on relatively simple machines. They could be emulated by anybody with the proper tools instead of relying on a trace of Númenorean grace and magic. Surely, with the fading of the Eldar in mind, this was where new strides could be made. His King's mouth took on a pensive droop at the corners when he first shared some of these thoughts. Faramir was learned enough to understand why Elessar was hesitant, but he could not help himself as intriguing possibilities flashed before his eyes. Something about babies and bathwater, he said to his wife. Éowyn nodded. She was not always interested in the intricate details of his schemes, but she understood pragmatism well enough. And unlike most of the Rohirrim, she had little patience with conservatism and tradition for tradition's sake. "If the stirrups and saddle were invented now, the Eorlingas would be suspicious of them," she had said when Faramir returned home after a discouraging talk with King Elessar. "In fact, it took us ages to convince our old housekeeper that the spinning wheel was not an instrument of evil." As time went by, evenings of talk turned into days of experiments. King Elessar soon grudgingly accepted the steady stream of trinkets coming out of Emyn Arnen, and later, when Gimli and his kin began their work on the restoration of the Stone City, from the workshops of Minas Tirith itself. Whenever he saw his Steward pottering about in dirty clothes, with ash and dirt on his brow, the King would sigh and content himself to look the other way. Éowyn was much more encouraging. The intricate small mechanical clock, all little gears and wheels and whirs, and based on a design of Gimli's father, Glóin, had especially intrigued her. However, Faramir soon had cause to regret bringing home that particular device. It had been hard enough to keep up with his wife before she was able to tell the exact time it took him to do anything (and that did mean anything, during that brief obsessive period. Some of her discoveries had been less than flattering.). Tested well beyond his endurance, he had finally convinced her that the clock would make an excellent gift to her brother whom they had gone to visit that summer. He wondered how Éomer and Lothíriel got on with the blasted thing. No, there would be no clocks in Gondor if Faramir could help it. Not for a good long while. The sundial was quite accurate enough. Yet this latest project had been so big, so exciting and so personal that he had not even confided in his wife. It was the evening with the wine that had planted the seed in his mind, and he soon realised the implications could be staggering. After some weeks of planning and pondering, he took his notes to Gimli's workshop in Minas Tirith, and asked the dwarf whether he thought he could build a winepress with these specific alterations. Gimli had studied his plans, grinned and said: "Of course. An apt project for a scholar," and then "you do realise the machine will never work this way, right?" Over the next few months, Faramir and Gimli spent many a day fine-tuning the process. ("Another council?" said Éowyn, annoyed as he begged his leave once more, grasping for excuses). But in the end, and after some petty arguments over the appropriate colour of the frame and the forestay, they were successful and all was made ready for the grand debut. And so his family and friends came to be gathered in Gimli's workshop on a summer's day in Úrimë, blinking to accustom their eyes to the cool dimness of the interior. They spread around the room, gazing at his latest brainchild with excitement (most), trepidation (the King), mild interest (Queen Arwen) and a studied air of boredom (his cousin Lothíriel). "So, what does this one do?" said Éomer of Rohan, reaching out to the contraption eagerly. Faramir hastily stalled his brother-in-law's hands. It would not be the first time that Éomer would unconsciously wreak havoc there. The warrior king had once swung the door to Faramir's study shut behind him with such force that two inkbottles had toppled over onto the priceless and unique map of Númenor he had been studying. Éomer had been apologetic but a bit uncomprehending at his distress. The island had sunk long ago, after all. Faramir gritted his teeth in memory. That would not happen again now. After all, he had built this new device partly with that incident in mind. "It duplicates writing," he explained. "Or any sort of print, as long as a woodcut may be made." His announcement was greeted by silence and Éomer shook his head in puzzlement. After a moment he asked: "But what is the point of that? Why would you ever need more than one copy, or a handful at most?" "Just because the Rohirrim have not advanced to the written word yet," drawled Lothíriel, studying her nails. "You should be grateful," said Éomer to his wife. "If we had, you might have had to study