Katniss turned off the bathroom light and padded silently to her side of the bed. Gale was already asleep, puffs of air escaping his mouth with a slight timber. It always amazed her how quickly he could fall asleep after an argument, while her own body was still buzzing with adrenaline. The fight tonight was an old one. Her job as an analyst at Capitol Industries was a constant source of strife between the two of them. Gale especially despised Snow, the CEO that had been in power for as long as anyone could remember. He was cold, calculating and ruthless, not to mention having a not-so-secret affair with his married head of human resources, Alma Coin. However, even Gale couldn't deny that Snow was a shrewd business man that had led Capitol Industries to the top of the Fortune 500. As a result, the company was able to do a lot of good in the community, as well as provide thousands of jobs to ordinary citizens like Katniss. Besides, he was so far up the chain of command that she never had to deal with him directly. She loved and respected her direct manager, Haymitch, and her close-knit group of co-workers. Several of them had actually become her good friends over the years, but Gale refused to spend any time with them socially. An invitation to her co-worker Johanna's house was actually what spurred tonight's fight. " Honestly, Catnip, I don't know why you keep harping on this." Gale looked up at Katniss in the mirror as he rinsed his toothbrush and put it back in the cup. He folded his arms across his chest. "I've told you before, I don't want to hang out with those people. I don't want anything to do with Capitol." Katniss had been leaning against the doorframe, but she bristled at his words, standing up straight and mirroring his posture. " Anything to do with Capitol?" Gale groaned, running his hands through his hair. "Damn it, Katniss, do we have to do this again? You know I don't mean YOU! I'm fine with you having a job there." " Oh, you're fine with my job!" Katniss scoffed, her arms dropping to her sides. "The job that I've had for longer than we've known each other?! That I'm damn good at?!" Her voice was getting louder than it should at this time of night, but she was too angry to care. "The one that helps pay for this apartment AND put my sister through nursing school?! Is that the job you're fine with? How big of you, Gale!" Gale brushed past her roughly, heading back to their bedroom. "I'm not gonna do this tonight, Katniss. I had a shitty day, and I'm not in the mood for this right now." He opened a drawer and pulled out a clean t-shirt and a pair of flannel pants before slamming it shut again. " When are you gonna be in the mood, Gale, huh?" Gale dressed quickly, and Katniss watched as he paced around the room aimlessly. Eventually he stopped and threw himself on the end of the bed. Leaning an elbow on his knee, he rubbed at a spot on his temple. " Because it seems to me that you NEVER want to talk about this!" she continued. "When are you going to come clean and just admit that you hate my job?!" " FINE!" Gale shouted, standing up, his face only inches from a stunned Katniss. ""I hate it! Okay? Are you happy?!" She stepped back slightly and nodded, her voice leveling out. "I just want the truth." Gale sighed, struggling to compose himself. "I detest everything about Capitol, and it kills me that you work there. I hate that you give so much of yourself to line that man's pockets. I hate that you spend ten hours - or more! – in the office most days, and then bring more work home with you." Guiltily, Katniss glanced at her work laptop in the corner. She had no answer for that. " And yeah, it really pisses me off that you would even ask me to spend the precious few hours we have left together socializing with those … Capitol sell-outs." That hurt. Haymitch, Johanna, Finnick, Peeta – they were more than co-workers to her. They were her colleagues, her confidants, her allies in the corporate world. They spent more time together than with anyone else, and Gale had never even bothered to get to know them. How could he stand here and pass judgment on them? " I'm just as much a 'Capitol sell-out' as any of them. Whatever you think of them… they're my friends." " I thought I was your friend, too. More than a friend …" Gale shook his head and pulled her hands between his. "I love you." Katniss looked down at their hands, feeling that strange uneasiness she felt whenever Gale started talking about feelings. "I know." Gale released her and put his hands on his hips. "You know ? Is that seriously all you have to say?" Gale laughed ruefully. "You can't even look at me." At the challenge, Katniss met his eyes, but still said nothing. " This is bullshit. I'm going to sleep." He moved over to his side of the bed, turned down the covers and adjusted his pillows before getting in and turning his back to her. He looked over his shoulder to where she stood mute by her side of the bed. "And if you're gonna do some more work for your 'friends', would you mind doing it in the other room? The sound of your typing really grates on me." He turned away from her and tucked the quilt up to his neck. Katniss rolled her eyes, and shook her head. Eager to put space between them, she spun on her heel and stormed to the bathroom, slamming the door behind her. The argument was just a repeat of the same fight they had week after week, separated only by long days full of silence and avoidance. Life in their household had been miserable lately, and Katniss knew they were just putting off a real discussion about their future. Gale's prejudices were unfair, and they were causing a rift between the two of them. But deep down, she knew the problems between them weren't just one sided. She reached over to check her phone, charging on the bedside table, and saw a new notification. Apparently someone had texted her during their hour long "discussion". Peeta M (sent 10:27 PM): Sorry to bother so late – do u have last year's final budget report? It figured that she had gotten a work related text just as she fought with Gale on that topic. Peeta was one of her best friends at work, even though he had changed teams several months ago. She counted her blessings that the phone had been silenced when his message came in, since it probably would have just set Gale off more. Katniss (sent 10:53 PM): Hey, you still need the report? Peeta M (sent 10:55 PM): Yes! I was prepping for tomorrow's meeting but couldn't find it. Katniss (sent 10:55 PM): Do you have a minute for me to boot up? Peeta M (sent 10:56 PM): For you? All the time in the world. ;) Katniss pulled her work laptop out of the bag by the bedside and started it up. The light from the screen glowed bright in the dark room, and Gale groaned in his sleep before turning further to face the wall. Katniss scowled. Let him complain. She ignored the stench of whiskey on his breath many nights; he could deal with the laptop light for a few minutes. Navigating through her email folders, she found the monthly report and forwarded it to Peeta's work account. Katniss (sent 11:09 PM): Just sent it. U should get it soon. Need anything else before I get off? Peeta M (sent 11:11 PM): That's what she said. ;) That's all, thx! Chuckling, Katniss shut down the laptop. She returned it to the bag and scooted back against the headboard. That was the thing she missed the most about being on Peeta's team. They had always been able to joke around and laugh together. Somehow, working with him never felt like work. " Did you see last night's episode?" Peeta asked, rushing ahead a few steps to open the door to the meeting room. " Of course!" Katniss replied. "That prank Jim played on Dwight was hilarious." " Ugghh. Are you two talking about 'The Office' again?" Their co-worker Johanna barreled her way through the door ahead of Katniss, shaking her head. Peeta chuckled as he followed Katniss in, pulling out her chair at the conference table before settling in one between her and Johanna. "Yeah, we were. You a fan?" Johanna scoffed. "Hardly. But I always seem to catch it by accident when I want to watch 'Parks and Rec'. You two remind me of that couple – what're their names? Jim and Pat?" " Jim and PAM," Peeta laughed. " Whatever," Johanna dismissed. "Anyway, you two remind me of them. All your annoying little inside jokes and cutesy sayings. They're the same way on the show. It's sickening." Katniss rolled her eyes and laughed. "Those characters are married Johanna. It's totally different." " How is it different? He's your work husband, isn't he? Everyone around here knows it." " Don't be ridiculous." Did people really think that? Katniss looked at Peeta, who was doodling a picture of a bird on the corner of his steno pad, a small smile on his lips. Was that a blush on his cheeks? Was he as uncomfortable with this conversation as she was? " Oh, loosen up, Brainless. It's just an expression. We all know you're with tall, dark and moody." Peeta looked up, the smile from before turned apologetic as he finally looked Katniss in the eye. "Jim and Pam are really just best friends who work together. That's probably why we remind you of them." Katniss smiled back at him, the awkward tension suddenly relieved. " Sometimes the both of you are brainless," Johanna muttered as the rest of their team joined them and the meeting came to order. Katniss smiled at the memory. Peeta always knew just what to say to make her feel better. She really missed getting to see him every day. She was grateful that Haymitch had arranged for him to help out on the sales audit and assigned the two of them to create a district-level presentation together. Peeta M (sent 11:13 PM): Sorry again to bother you so late. I really appreciate the help. Katniss (sent 11:14 PM): No worries. It wasn't hard at all. Katniss (sent 11:14 PM): That's what she said. :P Peeta M (sent 11:16 PM): You're amazing. :) Don't know what I'd do without you. Peeta was so sweet, always ready with a kind word. She'd felt lost when he stopped working more closely with her. With him on a project, she always knew he'd help smooth out any personality clashes and bring the different work styles together to be successful. While she missed him terribly, she was sure he most definitely was getting along fine without her . Katniss (sent 11:17 PM): Ha, yes, my talent for forwarding emails is in high demand. Or maybe it's my freakish gift for spreadsheets? Peeta M (sent 11:18 PM): Or your good looks and sense of humor. Peeta M (sent 11:19 PM): And of course intelligence is a turn on. Katniss scoffed. It broke the silence in the room, and she froze as Gale shifted in his sleep before settling back down. Judging tone over texting was hard. Peeta remarking on her "good looks" threw her for a minute, but that combined with his comment on intelligence told her he was clearly still joking around with her. Katniss (sent 11:21