I love the summers. Finally free from the restriction of school, every day is a new adventure. I can explore the outdoors, swim in the waterhole, and play with my goat, Lady. Even nighttime is magical. We open all the windows, trying to capture a hint of a breeze, and the sounds of nature lull me to sleep. Summer is anything but magical for my sister, Katniss. Ever since our father died four years ago, she's been working her summers away. The moment school lets out, her part-time job at the local market turns into a full-time commitment. Most weeks she's working right up until Saturday, taking extra shifts whenever her co-workers want time off. The only day she takes off consistently is Sunday, and that's only because the market is closed. I feel bad that Katniss works so hard, but I know it's necessary. Before she was old enough to take on more hours, the bills started piling up and there were nights we went to bed hungry. I've offered to babysit or get a paper route, anything to help out, but she won't hear of it. Not that she has much choice; I turn 13 this September, and I'm going to get a job whether she likes it or not. So this is my last summer of freedom, tranquility and lazy days. My last summer of childhood. Of course, my time isn't completely my own. I have chores around the farm; taking care of the animals, cleaning out the barn, and of course the usual laundry and dishes my friends are always griping about. But they don't bother me much, because I know as long as I finish up by lunchtime, the rest of the day is all mine. This morning, my mother asked me to do some extra cleaning to prepare for a visit. A childhood friend of hers recently moved back to Panem county. He was someone she knew when she grew up in the center of town, back before she married dad and moved to his family farm. The two reconnected when she saw him at the market, and she invited him to come to dinner with us. Tonight. Scrubbing the floors – a job I detest – takes longer than I had planned, and by the time I wrap up the rest of my chores it's midafternoon. The sun is blazing in the sky and the air is heavy. Sweat trickles down my collar and plasters my shirt to my torso. There's only one thing that could turn my mood around: a nice swim in the creek. My swimming hole of choice is a small creek that follows part of the border between our property and the old Undersee farm. The Undersees owned that farm for generations, but the family fell on hard times when I was younger. After her sister was killed in a domestic dispute, Mrs. Undersee had a nervous breakdown. They had a daughter the same age as Katniss, and eventually the household just became too much for her husband to handle on his own. They moved up north so he could find work closer to his cousin, and the farm has been abandoned ever since. When I arrive at the creek, I quickly shed my shoes and clothes and jump in from my favorite boulder. I haven't had a swim suit that fit me in years, but we're so isolated out here, I've become accustomed to swimming in my underwear. I'm still so flat there's not much point in wearing much else, especially when I'm swimming alone. I surface and wipe the water out of my eyes, sighing as the breeze blows across the droplets on my skin. The water is warm, bath-like, but it's still a relief from this hot, muggy day. "Hey!" I shriek and spin around, startled by the deep voice behind me. A boy with concerned blue eyes is studying me from a few feet away, standing in shallow water close to the bank. The waves lapping at his knees draw my attention to the fact that he's only wearing a pair of orange boxer shorts. His blond hair is a mess of unruly curls, and his broad shoulders are so fair I can't help but hope he's wearing sunscreen. "What the heck are you doing here? Get out!" I command, ducking farther beneath the surface and making sure that only my neck is exposed. "You're trespassing!" " Me? " he scoffs. " You're the one that's trespassing!" His abs tighten as he laughs, and I'm distracted by the ripple of his muscles. "Am not!" I call out. "This is the old Undersee place, and I know for a fact that YOU are not an Undersee!" "Correction. This was the old Undersee place. Now it's the new Mellark place. And I know for a fact that YOU are not a Mellark." He quirks an eyebrow and puts his hands on his hips, challenging me to dispute him. I squint at him, trying to determine if he's lying. Now that I think about it, I did hear my sister talking about the farm finally being put up for sale after standing abandoned for all those years. And it seems like an awfully elaborate lie to come up with just to swim in our little watering hole. " Fine ." I groan and slap at the water, conceding defeat. He raises both eyebrows at me, a smug grin tugging at his lips. "You've ruined my mood, But I'll have you know this creek is half ours. And I'm not going to let you keep me from it the whole summer. Now turn around so I can get out!" The boy laughs and turns around, folding his arms in front of his chest. "Don't worry about it. It's not like there's all that much to see anyway, kid." My cheeks flush with an overwhelming blend of rage and embarrassment. "Thank you, I am not a kid." "Not a kid, huh?" He keeps his back to me as I dress, but I sense the smile on his face. "What are you, 10? 11?" My foot catches in my shorts as I hurry to redress and I nearly topple over. "I'm almost 13. I'm starting high school next year." "Whoo-hoo! A real lady of the world! That changes everything." I throw my faded t-shirt over my head, pulling it down as it sticks to my damp skin. My hair is dripping all over, making it cling to me even more. I duck behind a tree to get some privacy. "Done. You can turn around now." He slowly turns around, looking lost when he can't immediately find me. Being small does has its advantages when it comes to hiding. He wades in a few more inches until the water is just at his thighs, until finally he spies me behind the tree. "You know, I wasn't trying to kick you out or anything. You just surprised me." "Nah, you ruined my swimming mood. I don't want to stay." I watch him for a few more minutes, reaching down to splash some of the water up onto his arms without actually submerging himself. He cups his hands full of water and uses it to wet his face and hair. He pushes the damp curls off his forehead and shakes his head a little. I'm mesmerized by the way a fat droplet moves down his nose toward his lips. "Besides, I have to get home anyway." "Suit yourself," he concedes. "You can come back here whenever you want. Just be a little more careful with your wardrobe choices next time," he warns with a smirk. I groan, pushing myself off the tree and traipsing back home through the woods. I won't even dignify that with a response. When I arrive home, mom is already cooking dinner. The house is even warmer from the heat of the oven, and what little relief swimming gave me is lost the second I walk through the door. I head into the shower to clean up and rinse some of the slime off me from the creek. Mom has laid out a nice skirt and shirt for me to wear, and within ten minutes I'm exasperated with the choice. Normally I like dressing up, but the oppressive heat is making everything stick to me. Plus, I had a growth spurt this spring and I'm starting to outgrow a lot of my clothes. This particular shirt is just a little too short and keeps coming un-tucked from the skirt. Katniss is working tonight, but I smile as I imagine her usual teasing about my "duck tail." Mom offers to do my hair, and weaves the damp strands into a pair of French braids. The style is a little childish, but then again, it's cooler away from my neck. Plus I know it'll give me nice waves tomorrow, which will be a treat since I inherited my mother's straight blonde strands. After setting the table and some last minute prep, I retire to my room to read in front of the fan. I've already read through my Red Cross handbook about a dozen times, but I love it. Mom is a nurse at a nearby clinic, and I've been thinking about following in her footsteps when I grow up. She's helping me choose books from the library, and we watch marathon sessions of medical TV shows. Of course, we only watch them when Katniss is working; my sister can hunt, thanks to happier years with our father, but she's brought to her knees by the sight of human blood. She nearly fainted last year when I got a cut that needed stitches. "They're here!" Mom calls out from the kitchen. They? She never mentioned her friend bringing anyone else, and I only set the table for three. Maybe he's married or something; I never thought to ask. When I get to the kitchen, I see mom receiving a bear hug from a man with cropped blond hair. "It's so good to see you again, Evelyn." He steps back and gives her a warm smile. "I hope that you don't mind me bringing Peeta along. I didn't want him stuck home all alone for dinner." "Of course not, Luke. The more the merrier. Is he coming in?" "Oh, he's still in the truck, texting a friend from his old school. You know how kids can be. He'll be in any minute. Is this-" He has spotted me watching them from the doorway. "This can't be little Primrose?" Mom turns and puts an arm around my shoulders, drawing me closer to them. "It is. Not so little anymore." She squeezes my shoulders. "Prim, this is my good friend, Lucas Mellark." Mellark? As I'm trying to figure out why that sounds so familiar, the screen door opens and I recognize the mop of curls that interrupted my swimming plans. He's cleaned up, wearing a light blue polo shirt that somehow matches the shade of his eyes. A look of surprise is quickly replaced by amusement at my gaping stare. "Sorry about that, dad. Finn is having girl issues again." "No worries. Come on over, Peet." Mr. Mellark puts an arm around his son's shoulders, mirroring the position mom and I are still in. He's at least six inches taller than the boy, but they have the same warm eyes and matching dimples. "Ev, you remember Peeta." "Hello, Mrs. Everdeen. Thank you for letting me intrude on your dinner." He wraps an arm around his father's waist, his smile bright enough to light up the room. "Don't be silly, Peeta! You're more than welcome." My mother steps forward to squeeze his shoulder before moving to the pots on the stove. "Besides, it will give Prim someone to talk to while us grown-ups are getting reacquainted." "Let me help you." Mr. Mellark leaves his son's side and starts to stir a pot while mom checks the