Author's Note: The following story was written for the Fairy Tale Challenge sponsored by Everlarkrecs and Porchwood. It's a modern AU story, very VERY loosely based on the fairy tale "The Princess and the Pea". I could never live up to the amazing talent of Porchwood and others, so I took my own approach. It's not the traditional "fairytale" story, but more a modern spin on a classic. He watched the girl every afternoon for three days. She would arrive in the late afternoon and stay until the sun blazed a beautiful orange and red, dying beneath the horizon into the sea. Armed with just a small bag of dried fruits and pretzels, the girl passed the hours sitting across from his family's booth facing the ocean, dangling her legs off the side of the boardwalk and humming to herself quietly. The sound soothed and enchanted him in a way he couldn't explain. Peeta had turned 12 that summer, and girls were still just strange creatures that floated in and out of his life on a daily basis. He wasn't interested in them so much as he was fascinated by them. Their bodies were rapidly changing into softer lines and curves that he wanted to sketch and study. Somehow, there was something different about this girl. She was clearly around his age, but seemed thinner and smaller-framed than the other girls in his class. Not that she was delicate by any means – she carried herself solidly, with a posture exuding independence and strength. But despite her body language, there was a sadness in her eyes that drew him in, haunting him. Something inside ached to know more about her. On the fourth day, Peeta was working the booth with his father when she arrived. His mother had gone back home for the day, pushing through the crowds grumbling about "damn tourists" and "street rats" as she left. She spent much of her summers complaining of the same things, ignoring the fact that these tourists kept their family clothed and fed year-round. His father clearly felt differently, sneaking lollipops to children in dripping bathing suits while their parents ordered fried dough and snow cones. He was a good natured man whose family had worked this boardwalk for nearly 40 years, and he loved getting to know the people that returned to patronize them season after season. "Peet?" His father's voice pulled him from his trance. He realized he had been staring at her for a while, quite openly. Sheepishly, he turned around to see his father chuckling, wiping his hands on a rag. "Why don't you take a break?" He looked between his father and the girl once more. "Are you sure? We might get busy again, and I should really be helping you..." " Go. You've been staring at that girl for three days now. It should be a beautiful sunset tonight, and she looks like she could use some company to watch it." Smiling, Peeta removed his apron and started to head out of the booth. Before leaving, he grabbed a cooling fried dough and sprinkled it with powdered sugar and cinnamon. He tucked a few napkins underneath it and headed across the boardwalk. He wasn't sure how to approach her, so he just plopped down and dangled his legs beside her. She didn't even flinch at his presence; she just continued humming quietly and staring out at the waves. Peeta cleared his throat, hoping to get her attention, but got no response. After a minute he reached out and lightly touched her arm. She jerked away, shaken from her thoughts, and turned to him with a scowl. "What do you want? I'm allowed to sit here, you know. It's a free country." He tried to hold back his smile at her outburst. She was clearly attempting to look fierce, but she was just so cute , it was hard to be intimidated. Her deep olive skin was tinged pink from the sun on the apples of her cheeks. The braid that trailed down the side of her head had bits of sand and seaweed speckled through it. "What?" Her frown was transitioning from one of anger to one of confusion. "What do you want from me?" Peeta shook his head frantically. "I'm not sending you away. I've just… I work over there with my family and… I've been watching you sit here alone the past few days. I wanted to know if you wanted some company." The girl scoffed at him and turned back to the ocean. "Sure. Whatever." They sat in silence for a moment, watching the sun sink lower in the sky, when he heard her stomach rumble. "Oh! I almost forgot!" He offered the napkins to her as she looked at him, cheeks turning pinker with embarrassment. "I brought you some fried dough. I made it myself." "I couldn't…" she began, looking down at the treat in his hand. "I don't have any money." "It's a favor, really. We made too much this afternoon, and it'll just go to waste if you don't take it. Honest." Well, he was being mostly honest. It's unlikely the dough would have gone to waste when his older brothers arrived later this evening. But still, they could certainly spare the extra piece. She licked her chapped lips and looked him cautiously in the eye for the first time. "Well, I wouldn't want it to go to waste… I suppose, I could split it with you?" Peeta grinned widely, and tore the bread in two. He passed the larger half to her and watched as she took a large bite. "Mmmmm…what's this called again?" "Fried dough," he replied while chewing his own big bite. "It's like a sweet bread. Haven't you ever had it before?" The girl shook her head, devouring another piece of the bread before speaking again. "No. I've never been here before, and there's nothing like this where I come from." Peeta listened quietly as the girl explained that she lived a few hours away, in a town along the state border. Her father had passed away that past winter, leaving her mother distraught and she and her sister somewhat running wild. To give her mother a break, her aunt and uncle had offered to take the girls to the seashore for a few days this summer. After spending each morning appeasing her sister by digging in the sand and playing in the water, the girl stole away for a few hours to be by herself with her thoughts. "We're leaving tomorrow morning to head home. My sister's had fun here, but I can't wait to leave." Peeta followed her eyes where they were trained on the sun, just kissing the ocean as it began its descent. "It's time to get back to real life." He couldn't help but be a little hurt when he heard her talk like that. He had grown up here, and while things changed a bit with every season, the town constantly swelling and shrinking with new visitors, he loved it fiercely. "What do you mean? This is real life." He watched her as she shrugged her shoulders and hugged her knees to her chest. "I don't know… Everything's just so nice here. My sister spends the days playing, having fun… It's all a temporary distraction. But I know what's waiting for us back home. Work. School. My mom and all her.. issues. THAT stuff's all real. This place, it's just make-believe… Like some kind of fairy tale or something." Peeta turned back to the horizon, reflecting on her words. He couldn't begin to understand the pain she was in, and he didn't want to offer empty promises of happily ever after right now. But he knew she'd be leaving soon; the sun would finish setting and she'd have to head back to her family. These were her last few minutes in a "fairy tale" place and she deserved to enjoy them. He folded his legs underneath his body and turned to face her. "Well if this is all a fairy tale, what does that make me? Am I the big bad wolf or something?" "No." She laughed, looking him over, stopping at his shaggy blond hair and blue eyes before shaking her head and smiling. "You're practically oozing 'Prince Charming'. Next thing you know, you're gonna tell me you live in a castle or something." "No, no castle," Peeta laughed. "Just a regular house a few blocks away." He looked around sneakily and leaned in closer to her, whispering, "I don't want this to get around, but I don't even have a white horse." They laughed together, when Peeta noticed that the sun had already set below the horizon. He sat up straighter and turned back to see her watching him. "Oh, I'm so sorry. I made you miss your last sunset." She tore her eyes from his and looked back out to the ocean one last time with a wistful smile. "That's okay. Sometimes distractions aren't such a bad thing." Peeta hated to think of her leaving the next day full of sadness. "I have to make it up to you," he insisted, trying to think of something he could do to lift her spirits one last time. "I know!" He reached into his pocket and pulled a small round object out. "Here, I want you to have this pearl, so you can always remember your trip to our fairy tale land by the sea." She looked down at the white ball in his hand and laughed out loud. "That's not a pearl you fool, it's a marble!" He winked at her and leaned in with his voice low again. "This is make-believe, remember? And if I say it's a magic pearl, it's a magic pearl. You just have to believe ." She shook her head slowly as she got to her feet and put her hand out for the marble. "Sure. It's a magic pearl. If you say so." Instead of putting it in her hand, he grabbed a hold and used it to pull himself up beside her. Once he was standing, he placed the marble in her hand and closed her fingers over it. "There. Now that wasn't so hard, was it?" "Thank you," she said quietly, looking down at her feet. He was glad to see a small smile forming on her face. As he pondered how to say goodbye, she shocked him by leaning up and kissing him gently on the cheek. His hand flew up to his flushing face as he watched her run off down the boardwalk. Walking back to the booth, he couldn't keep the grin on his face from widening. His father shook his head and chuckled as he approached, clearly having witnessed their goodbye. "Well, looks like someone made a friend this afternoon. What's her name?" The grin disappeared when Peeta suddenly realized he had never asked her, and he had never given her his name, either. "I don't know… I forgot to ask," he said sadly. His father ruffled his hair and put an arm around the crestfallen boy. "Don't worry, Peet. If it's meant to be, your paths will cross again someday. Now come on, let's start closing up shop." As his father left to get the cleaning supplies, Peeta turned back toward the boardwalk and the darkening sky over the ocean. Maybe his dad was right. If it was meant to be, they'd see each other again somehow. He decided he needed to follow his own advice and just believe . "Katniss! Will you get down here?!" Her sister Prim's voice carried up the stairs like a screeching bird. "Quit moping or you're gonna be late." Katniss looked at herself one more time in the full length mirror. Moping . She wasn't moping. She was… protesting. Standing up for herself was more like it. There's no reason she had to keep putting up with these ridiculous