This is an outtake from the Brokenheartsville universe created by Dracoisalooker76. If you haven't read that yet, you should definitely head there first! Dracoisalooker76 was kind enough to let me play in her world for a bit, and this story is dedicated to her for all she has done for the fandom. Considering the world she was born into, Ivy Hawthorne had an idyllic childhood. Despite the hunger all around her, she always had enough to eat, which was more than most Seam children could say. Her parents both loved her fiercely and made her feel safe and protected. And no matter where she went, she was surrounded by a network of adults whose main focus in life seemed to be making her happy. Grandma Everdeen was teaching her to knit, careful stitches that Grandma pointed out to aunt Prim, saying Ivy might make a great healer someday. They studied the family plant book together, and Ivy was even able to replicate some of the drawings. Grandma praised her, kissing her temple and calling her "our little artist." Nana Hawthorne doted on her constantly. They spent mornings together when Mama and Daddy were hunting, or "discussing" things in loud voices. She and Ivy would hang the sheets out together and find pictures in the clouds. In the afternoons, she'd teach Ivy how to cook, making creative recipes from whatever prey had fallen victim to the snares that week. From the Hob to the town, everyone seemed to know the Hawthorne girl, and they always seemed overjoyed to see her. Never quite as reserved as her mother, nor as moody as her father, Ivy made friends wherever she went, even earning smiles from some of the less courteous shopkeepers in town, who would normally turn their nose up at Seam children in their midst. Something about her glossy dark curls and bright blue eyes twinkling as she greeted them melted their hearts every time. She was treated especially well by the friendly baker, who always seemed to find a spare cookie or cheese bun whenever she and Mama stopped to do business. Peeta would get down on her level to hand her the treat, taking the extra time to ask her questions, like how was she doing today ("fine"), what was her favorite color ("red"), and how her shooting practice was going ("good.") Trips to see Peeta normally revolved around some special occasion, like a birthday or holiday. They went most recently for her first day of school, an event that Mama insisted warranted a cookie. Ivy was proud to show off the red dress Grandma had tailored for her from one of aunt Posy's old ones, and the pretty braids that Mama had plaited, tied with the red ribbons she and Daddy had picked out together at the Hob. When they got to the bakery she did a little twirl to show Peeta her new dress, and he smiled at her strangely. Ivy didn't think it was possible for a person to look so sad with a smile on their face, but somehow Peeta did. Whatever it was, it went away as he crouched down to hand over her special "starting school" cookie. "For you, Ivy girl. I hope you have a great first day of school." Ivy was a hugger. She leaned over and squeezed him around his neck, and he gave her a gentle squeeze back. "Thank you, Peeta. I can't wait!" He stood up and stared at Mama, neither of them saying anything for a long time. Ivy finally tugged on Mama's hand, letting her know it was time to go to school. This seemed to wake them up. "Well," Peeta said in a quiet voice. "You better get going. Thanks for bringing her in." He turned his attention to Ivy again. "You're a beauty, just like your Mama." Mama got a little flustered and shook her head. "I think she's got more of her father in her than me." Peeta just gave them a small smile and waved goodbye as Ivy dragged her out the door. School wasn't quite what Ivy had expected. They spent a lot less time talking about their letters and numbers and a lot more time talking about the Capitol and the President and their district's Most Important Contribution: coal. Within a month, Ivy learned more about the coal mines than she had in the six years prior growing up as a coalminer's daughter. She had gathered that it was dirty, and that miners must work very hard, since Daddy was so tired when he came home, but that was all she knew. But now, between her teacher's lessons and playground conversations with her classmates, she was starting to pick up tidbits that scared her. She heard things about how deep into the earth the workers went, how thick the air got, and how hard to was to breathe sometimes. That coal mining was actually very, very dangerous. "How many grandpas do you have left?" asked a classmate one day, a small boy with dark hair pointing up in spikes all over his head. Ivy was confused. "What do you mean, 'how many are left'?" The boy shrugged. "I mean how many are still alive . A couple kids have none left, but I think most of us have one, like me. Except for the merchies, of course. They pretty much all still have two." Ivy didn't understand what he was talking about, but it all seemed incredibly unfair. The Merchant kids already got better houses and bigger lunches than the kids from the Seam. It didn't seem right that they got more grandparents, too. "Why do they have more than the rest of us?" she asked. The boy just laughed. "Because they don't have to work in the mines, dummy." Ivy frowned, confused and a little uncomfortable with this conversation. Luckily, the bell rang then and she filed into the classroom, lost in thought. Mama was handling some trades at the Hob, so Nana met her after school to walk her home. Ivy was still dwelling on the conversation with her classmate and was unusually quiet. "What's on your mind today, honey?" Ivy shrugged, hesitant to talk to Nana about the grandfathers she never knew. The couple of times she'd asked questions before, Grandma Everdeen had gotten very sad. One time she even cried. Ivy didn't want to make her Nana cry, too. "Nothing. Just thinking about something a boy at school said." Nana looked concerned. "Was someone bothering you? Saying mean things?" Ivy shook her head quickly and kicked at a stone on the ground. "No, no. I – I wanted to know…" Finally, her curiosity won out over fear. "What happened to Grandpa? How did he die?" Nana's steps faltered for just a minute. "He... he died in an accident." She swung Ivy's hand a bit as they walked. "I thought you knew that already, honey." "Yeah. But -" Ivy began. "What kind of accident?" Nana didn't answer right away, and after listening to the gravel crunch beneath their feet for a few steps, Ivy forged ahead with her questions. "Was it the mines? And is that what happened to Grandpa Everdeen, too? 'Cause the kids at school were saying it was. And that the mines are real dangerous. And Daddy never told me that! And now, I - I don't -" She was starting to cross the line into hysterics. Nana guided her to a stump a few feet away and sat her down. She put her hands on Ivy's shoulders and rubbed gently before pulling her into a hug. "It's okay! We'll talk about this more when we get home. But everything will be okay. You're daddy's a strong, smart man. Nothing's gonna happen to him." Ivy just sniffed into Nana's shoulder, silently wondering if Grandpa wasn't also strong and smart. That night at dinner, Ivy just pushed her food around her plate. Nothing Nana had said to her made her feel any better. When they got home, Mama and Daddy had both tried to explain things in a way she could understand, but no one could tell her the one thing she wanted to hear: that the mines were a safe place to work. Mama and Daddy kept giving each other looks across the table. They weren't saying much, but Ivy liked it better than those nights they shouted at each other. Just last week they were yelling about some secret meeting that Daddy had gone to after work. Ivy didn't know what for, but she did know that Mama was really mad about it. Later that night, after she'd gone to bed, she heard them arguing in their room. "It's all for Ivy, Catnip. Can't you see, I'm doing this for her!" " For her ; that's exactly why you shouldn't be doing this, Gale!" Mama hissed back. "You know what happens if the Peacekeepers find out! We don't need any 'accidents' around here. Did you ever stop to think about that?" Daddy closed their door after that, so Ivy didn't hear much more than muffled shouting. But now the word "accident" kept rolling around in her head, taking on a whole new meaning. Her tummy hurt. "Hey, I've got an idea," Daddy said, putting his fork down. "Why don't we take a trip out to the woods this Sunday, just the three of us." "Yeah!" Mommy chimed in. "We could go out to the lake, have a picnic…" "…we could practice some shooting..." "...and we could find those plants you and Grandma were talking about yesterday; you could practice drawing them." Ivy looked back and forth between her parents. They were so earnest in their efforts to cheer her up. "No." "No?" they asked in unison. "But you love the woods, Ivy." Mama seemed a little hurt. "I do love the woods," Ivy replied. "But I don't want to go on Sunday. I want to go tomorrow." "Now, honey, you know we can't go tomorrow. You have school." "Nuh-uh." Ivy corrected her mother. "Tomorrow is Saturday." Mama and Daddy looked at each other for a moment before Daddy finally spoke up. "Well, I wish we could, sweetie, but I've got to go to work tomorrow." Ivy pouted a little, then asked to be excused. Her belly hurt too much to eat anything. When Daddy came to tuck her in later, she clung to his neck and cried. "Please, Daddy. Don't go there anymore! I don't want you to!" He hugged her tight then lay her back against her pillows. "It's my job , Ivy. It's what I have to do so we can keep our house, and have food to eat all winter long." He cupped her face in his hands and swiped the tears from her cheeks with his big thumbs. He looked her in the eyes, giving her his most serious look. "But I promise you, I'm very, very careful." "But - maybe... Can't you get a new job? Maybe in town? You could work for Mr. Cartwright! Or at the butcher's! You already know how to prepare meat!" Daddy's jaw squeezed and clenched. "It doesn't work that way, sweetie. Townies don't want folks from the Seam coming to work for them." "Not all of them! I bet you could work for Peeta! He would hire you!" "No, Ivy," Daddy explained, his voice a little softer. "Even Mr. Mellark knows that just wouldn't work." "But-" " No . I know it's hard to understand, but the mines are where I work. That's all there is to it. But listen - before you were born, I promised your Mama that I would take care of you both. And I always keep my promises. Right?" Ivy nodded, her lip quivering a bit before she launched herself into his arms. Daddy squeezed her tight. "Always," he whispered in her ear. But Daddy's promises weren't good enough for her. Ivy decided she needed to do something