A/N - This was a story I started this summer as a Prompts in Panem submission, but it quickly took on a life of its own. The one-shot I thought I was going to write instead became a multi-chapter story. I posted a snippet on Tumblr a few months ago; hopefully this lives up to everyone's expectations. Thank you so much to arollercoasterthatonlygoesup for offering to beta this for me and being such a great cheerleader for this story. As always, these are Suzanne Collins' amazing creations; I own nothing. I turn my phone over and re-read the text for the tenth time. Prim (sent 2:37 PM): Can you skype tonight? There's something I need to tell you. Sighing, I drop the phone facedown back on the corner of my desk. How am I supposed to focus on work with this hanging over my head? I hate surprises. I especially hate surprises from my little sister. The last surprise Prim had given me was the news that she wouldn't be coming home for another three months. Prim had applied for the opportunity to study abroad in her sophomore year of college. She selected a program in London where she could study child psychology and get the experience of living abroad. We had a tearful goodbye at the airport six months ago, hugging and promising we'd see each other soon. But when the semester ended, she never came home. Apparently, she fell in love with Europe and decided to spend the rest of the summer there, leaving me on my own back in New England. Thousands of miles away. I think I'm starting to rival the original colonists' hatred for their motherland. She and a group of friends from her program had taken the opportunity to backpack around Europe all summer. She sent me emails every now and then with photos of the museums, cathedrals and ancient ruins they'd visited. But otherwise, she's been off the grid for three months and just got back on campus last week. I can only anxiously guess at what news she might want to share with me. By the time my phone finally buzzes with the Skype request from Prim, I'm a nervous wreck. I put down the glass of wine I've been nursing and sit forward on the couch in my living room. I paste on what I hope looks like a happy face and accept the chat request. Prim's face lights up the screen, and I feel some of the tension dissipate. At least she is safe, and in one piece. "Katniss! Hi! How are you? I miss you so much." I can feel the fake happy face fade into a genuine smile at the sight of my sister, the one person I truly love in the world. "I'm good, Little Duck. How are you?" Prim rolls her eyes and smiles. "I'm fine. Too old for that nickname, but I'm doing well." We chat for a few minutes, both avoiding the elephant in the room. I cover my entire summer in under a minute, then listen as Prim fills me in on more details of her trip. Finally, I can take the suspense no longer. I clear my throat and ask the question I've been dreading. "So, ah – you said you have something to tell me?" Prim nods slightly, looking off camera to something in her room before looking down. "Yeah, I needed – I wanted to tell you about something. About someone . Someone I met on my trip." I sigh in relief. Was that all? She has a boyfriend? That is so much better than any of the horrible scenarios I had envisioned. But why was Prim so nervous to tell me? She's shared stories of boyfriends in the past. "Ohhh?" I tease. "Is this someone a young man?" Prim looks up, an angelic smile on her face. "It is." "Well? Tell me about him! Is he British?" "No," Prim shakes her head and laughs lightly. "He's American, from outside Seattle. And he's just… incredible. Katniss, I can't begin to tell you how wonderful he is. He's sweet, and funny, and he has such a big heart. He's amazing." I smile at the screen, grateful to hear my sister sound so happy. "So… How did you meet?" "He was on the summer trip, and he's actually in the same study abroad program I am. Except he is - well, was - a Senior. He graduated in May." "A senior?" I question with a frown. Prim skipped a year of school, allowing her to graduate young. She's only 18 now. Just a baby. A senior would be in his early twenties already. "Prim, do you think that's a good idea? How old is this guy, anyway?" Prim rolls her eyes. "Katniss, I'm not a child. He's turning 23 in October-" Twenty-three!? "Prim! He's older than me!" "By six months!" I won't be distracted by details. "I'm just not sure that it's wise to get involved with someone that old when you're just… barely … LEGAL!" I close my eyes and take deep breaths as I try to compose myself. "It's fine. This can still be taken care of. I'm sure he'll understand if you tell him you aren't ready for anything serious right now." "Do you hear yourself?" I open my eyes to see Prim staring back at me, her eyes squinted incredulously. "Katniss, you have no say in who I do or do not date." She sighs and looks off screen again. "This is exactly why I didn't want to tell you," she mumbles under her breath. "Prim, this is exactly why you should tell me! What if… what if he's some kind of creep who gets his kicks out of preying on young girls? What if something were to happen to you? You're so far away, I can't -" " I don't need you to save me! " Prim shrieks. "I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself. And for the record, he is not a creep, and he isn't 'preying' on me! I came on to him ! I kissed him first, and I'm the one that said we should -" " STOP ." I rub the space between my eyes, wondering how this conversation has gone so terribly wrong. "I don't need to know all the sordid details between you and your… your…" I shake my head before spitting out, " boyfriend ." The word hardly feels right for the skeevy, leering man I've begun to envision. Prim chuckles mirthlessly. "But you do," she murmurs. "Because he's not just my boyfriend." Her voice lowers to a point I can barely hear her. "He's my husband." My mind goes completely blank. I'm speechless at this announcement, my brain trying to process this news. White hot anger is bubbling up from my throat, but my voice is calm and flat. "He's… your… what ?" Prim looks up, tears in her eyes but with a hardness I've never seen reflected in the blueness before. "My husband, Katniss. We're married." "How is –" I try to gather my senses, the word married echoing in my head. "There's no way that could be legal, Prim! You're not-" "Old enough?" Prim laughs as she tries to finish my sentence. "Oh, but I am. Remember? I'm eighteen, Katniss." I scowl in response. "I was going to say you're not even a citizen , Prim. You're in Europe! How could you possibly get married without getting papers signed and – and – documents – and… I just don't understand." "It's not totally legal," Prim concedes with a shrug. "Not yet. But we found a priest in a little chapel in Italy who agreed to perform a ceremony for us, so as far as I'm concerned, we're more married than any piece of paper could make us. But we're still going to make it official when we get to Colorado." I look at the ceiling, tracing cracks with my eyes and trying to calm myself. I have to get control of this situation. My baby sister is a romantic at heart, so I can see why she'd feel sentimental in a foreign country, surrounded by signs of love in places like France and Italy. But she would come to her senses. Surely she wouldn't – "Wait a minute. What do you mean, 'when we get to Colorado ?'" Finally, Prim has the decency to look sheepish. She looks off camera again, nodding slightly, before meeting my furious eyes. "He's got a job offer there, outside of Denver. He starts next month. And I'm going with him." "But your school is in Boston," I sputter. "Wait a minute. Are you…? Are you dropping out of school ?!" Prim rolls her eyes again. I'm getting tired of the rebellious teenager act. "Don't be so dramatic, Katniss. There are a lot of good schools in Colorado. I'm going to enroll in a community college, maybe get an Associate's degree and then see what happens from there. Besides, he might not even like the job. I don't want to get tied down to one place just yet." "Tied down?! You're talking about getting married Prim! You can't get much more tied down than that!" "Katniss-" she starts. I watch her bite her lip in that way she used to whenever I helped her with her homework and she was trying to work out the answer. She's just a child. "I'm not like you," she continues in a softer voice. "I can't just go through school and settle for a dead-end job just because it's expected of me. Life is so short. I need to live it. Experience things. Feel things." The words sting more than I'd admit. It's my dead-end job that financed Prim's "experiences" overseas. I gave up my own chance at an education years ago to ensure that Prim could have one. And she is accusing me of not wanting to feel things? I try to hide my tears with a scowl. "Despite rumors to the contrary, I have feelings, too, Prim." "I know! I know you do!" Prim shakes her head. "God, this is coming out all wrong," she whispers. She plays with a strand of her blonde hair, twisting it around her finger nervously. "I don't mean to sound ungrateful, Katniss. I appreciate everything you've done for me since Mom left. I know how much you've sacrificed for me. But sometimes…" She sighs heavily. "Sometimes the weight of your expectations is just… suffocating ." I sit back in my chair, heartbroken. "I guess it's good to know where I stand." "Oh, Katniss don't be so dramatic. You know what I mean. When Dad died, and Mom took off … You kept us alive. I know that. You gave up so much, and sometimes... it just feels like I'll never be able to pay you back." "I never asked you to pay me back." I'm pouting. I know I'm pouting. But I can't help it. Prim sighs. "I know you didn't. But I also know that you want me to go off to medical school or nursing school and become a big time healer or something. And honestly, that's just not me. Sure, I loved to play doctor when I was ten, but I've grown up, and that's just not what I want right now. What I want… is this ." She holds up her left hand, spinning the thin gold band that encircles her ring finger. "I know how you feel about marriage and family, Katniss," she continues before I can interrupt. "But I can't live that way. I can't just close my heart off. I need to give this a shot." I'm hurt. And sad. And scared. But what comes out above everything else is anger. "You know, Prim, you've got a hell of a nerve. I've spent the last six years of my life working full time jobs - sometimes two at a time