Title : The One that Got Away Summary : Bella Swan was dreading going back to her ten year high school reunion, over Valentine's Day Weekend, for Hillsborough High School. Her time in high school in Tampa, Florida was not high on her list of pleasant experiences. She was quiet, unassuming and secretly in love with Edward Cullen. It was that unrequited love that forced her to move away to Seattle, as far from Tampa as possible. He never knew she existed. Or so she thought. Edward was looking forward to his high school reunion because he was anxious to see the one that got away. Bella Swan was the quiet girl who never really interacted with anyone, but Edward saw that she was something special. But as ruler of the school, he had certain expectations to maintain. It was one of his biggest regrets. His life would have been easier if he had followed his heart. Now, he was a divorced father of two. His ex-wife, Tanya, who was his high school girlfriend, left him for a younger man and abandoned her children. Will Bella be happy to see Edward or will she stay hidden amongst her classmates? Will Edward finally break the mold that was expected of him and open up his heart to the beautiful and shy Bella Swan? Will he be able to win back the one that got away? Pairing : Bella/Edward Rating: MA/NC-17 Word count: (not including summary or title) ~ 9,718 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The One That Got Away Seattle, Washington ~ February 1 st , 2016 "I don't know why I have to go, Mary Alice," Bella grumbled, searching through her closet. "I really don't want. High school sucked when I was in high school. Why would it be any better now?" "Oooh, you're getting frustrated, Swan. Your accent is coming out," Alice teased, rooting around in Bella's lingerie drawer. Her nose was wrinkled. Her best friend had a record number of granny panties. No twenty-eight year old woman should have this many pairs of granny panties. "Bella, when was the last time you went to Victoria's Secret? Your underwear drawer leaves much to be desired." "You're pilfering through my underwear?" Bella screeched. She ran to her bedroom, her eyes wide. "What the hell, Alice?" "And you wonder why you're single," Alice teased, holding up a pair of black panties. "Oh, for the love …" Bella snapped, tugging the black fabric from her hands. "Why am I friends with you?" "Because I'm awesome, and I don't mollycoddle you," she snickered. "You're going to your ten-year high school reunion. I think it's time for you let loose, Bella. You need to show those kids that you're not the same, bookish, quiet girl you were back then." "I am the same bookish, quiet girl from high school," Bella retorted. "I work in a library." "And write smutty novels in your downtime." Alice smirked. She was Bella's best friend and her agent. "Marie Cigno is the hottest writer since the chick who wrote the Fifty series. You have women panting and begging for more. Men are reading your novel for tips and ideas to spice up their bedroom Olympics. There's an inner-perv underneath that conservative, prudish exterior." "Alice, only you and my publisher know who I am." Bella frowned, toying with the too-large granny panties. "And it's all from my imagination. The one sexual experience I had was not all that memorable." "That's because Jacob Black had a pencil dick, and he didn't know how to please a woman." Alice snorted. "Look, I know that you want to go." "I do, but I don't," she sighed. "Can't you come with me and be my lesbian lover? I don't want to go alone. I don't want my former classmates to see that I'm still the same person from before." "You're not. Don't you see that?!" Alice said, walking to her and taking her hands. "And I can't go with you as your lesbian lover. Jasper may like that too much." "This is true." Bella nodded, her brown eyes glazing over. Jasper was Alice's husband and a perv, just like her. He constantly teased Bella about having a threesome with Alice and him. He was all bark but no bite. He worked in the library as well, in the history department. In fact, it was one of Jasper's diatribes that got Bella thinking about writing smut. She took one of his scenarios and created a steamy threesome for her first novel. Jasper didn't know her secret, but he did provide a lot of fodder for her stories. She thanked him in her notes but never by name. "Bells, listen to me," Alice whispered, taking Bella's hands. "You go back to Tampa and give them what for. Have fun, reunite with your friends, have some raunchy sex." "In my granny panties," Bella snorted. "Not if I have anything to say about it," Alice said. "Come on. I know you got a royalty check this week. Let's go spend it on some naughty underwear and sexy clothes for this reunion." Jutting out her chin, Bella walked over to her purse and picked up her keys. "I think that need more than Victoria's Secret. I'm going to follow suit from my romantic heroines. Let's go to Agent Provocateur and La Perla. No more granny panties for me." "About fucking time!" Alice whooped, hugging her friend. "My girl is about to get sexified and made over. Now we're talking." xx TOTGA xx Tampa, Florida ~ February 2 nd , 2016 "I'm off, Ellie," Edward said as he signed off on his last chart. He was in his final year of residency at St. Joseph's Children Hospital in Tampa. He was anxious to get home to his family, his reason for smiling. He packed up his belongings and drove back to the large home in Parkland Estates that he still shared with his parents. It wasn't how he pictured his life at twenty-eight, but he was grateful for their love and support. He needed it. The past ten years had been difficult for Edward. He'd gone to college on a full-ride at Dartmouth for pre-med. His long-time girlfriend, Tanya, followed him to Dartmouth and they got married the summer between their junior and senior year when Tanya told him that she was pregnant. Just before his graduation in December, Tanya gave birth to twins - a boy and girl named Liam and Lucy. Shortly after graduation, Edward, Tanya, and their babies moved to Maryland so he could attend Johns Hopkins for his medical training. It was a point of contention for Edward and Tanya. She didn't want her husband to be absent while she raised his children. Edward did all that he could, but when he was hospitalized for a severe case of mono because he was barely getting any sleep and working his fingers to the bone, his parents intervened. Tanya was acting like a princess while Edward was pulling insane shifts. Carlisle and Esme moved up to Maryland to help Edward. Their disdain for Tanya was barely hidden. However, Tanya saw this opportunity to finally get back into real life. Her first affair started when the twins turned two. Edward was too involved with his schooling and with raising his children to see that his wife was screwing around. When Edward found out that he had been matched to St. Joe's and was moving back to his home town of Tampa, Tanya dropped the bombshell that she wanted a divorce and to have her parental rights terminated. Edward wasn't surprised. He granted her the divorce, but wouldn't give her the insane amount of alimony she wanted. He was from a well-off family, and Tanya wanted some of the Cullen fortune. His parents insisted that Tanya sign a pre-nuptial agreement. Edward was grateful for that. Her extramarital affairs had nullified her requests for alimony. Tanya gave up once her legal fees were mounting and she had no way to pay them. Her parental rights were terminated and Edward was free of his baggage. He never loved Tanya, but was only with her all throughout high school because it was expected from his clique. He was the captain of the football team, Homecoming King, Prom King, and ruled the school with Tanya. He secretly longed for another, but he never acted on it. Edward arrived home, parking behind his father's Mercedes. He walked out and slung his messenger bag over his body. Breezing into the kitchen, the tell-tale squeals of his two favorite little people came tearing around the corner. "DADDY!" He smiled crookedly, holding his arms wide open. "My little loves," he said, picking them both up. He snuggled his six, almost seven-year-old twins. "Were you good for Nana today? And what about school? Did you learn anything new?" "Yes, Daddy," Liam said, patting his cheeks. "We had a speaker today. We learned all about lizards. I got to pet one! Can I get one? Please?" "They were gross, Daddy," Lucy whimpered, squirming in Edward's arms. "No lizards, but can we get a puppy?" "No animals. Papa is allergic," Edward snickered, kissing both of their heads and placing them on their feet. It was a lie. Edward could barely take care of himself and his children. Adding an animal into the mix was just not in the cards until he got his own place or until his scheduled normalized. Once he finished his residency, he was married to the hospital. "Edward!" called his mother from the kitchen. "You've got some mail, sweetheart, from Hillsborough High School." "Really?" he asked, taking the proffered letter. "I can't believe that it's been ten years since I graduated high school." "Is it the reunion?" Esme asked. "I thought you already RSVP'd." "I did," Edward replied, opening the letter. He chuckled. "It's the itinerary for the reunion." "Do you think that Tanya will go?" Esme spat, her hazel eyes darkening with hatred for her former daughter-in-law. "I don't know and I don't care," he shrugged. "If she shows up and tries to pull some insane bullshit, I've got Chief Swan's phone number on speed dial." "Do you know if Bella will be there?" Esme asked, her face softening. She knew of her son's infatuation with the quiet police chief's daughter. "I hope so," Edward murmured. He blinked and smiled crookedly at his mom. "If only I was able to …" "Be patient, sweetheart," Esme said, ruffling her son's hair. "Now, why don't you relax with your little cherubs while I make dinner? Take them to the park." Edward nodded, kissing his mother's cheek before he went to the small pool house that had been converted to a home for Edward and his children. He still lived with his parents, but he had a small sense of privacy and freedom. He changed into a pair of shorts and then found his children playing on the playset in the backyard. They ran to him and he became super dad, slayer of dragons and teller of stories and being the most loving parent he could be for his children. As he played, his mind drifted off to what could have been if he had acted on his impulses and pursued Isabella Swan. How would his life be different? Would his children be hers, too? Shaking his head, he chased Liam and Lucy, reveling in their innocence and unconditional love. But he still dreamed about Isabella Swan. The one that got away. xx TOTGA xx Seattle, Washington ~ February 10 th , 2016 Bella was sitting in a first class lounge, waiting for her flight. She was reading her latest manuscript, editing before she submitted it to her publisher. She was anxious. Alice had given her a complete makeover, including new clothes, new lingerie, a chic new haircut and highlights. Bella was not comfortable with her new