Southpaw AH, Bella and Edward -A friendship on a precipice, divided by time and sprawling state lines. Bella travels to southern Louisiana to find what has been missing and in the process, is swept away by the mysterious baseball player who encompasses everything she thought she knew about the concept of 'home'.- Rose and I, inseparable, somehow becoming separated by too much space. Graduation had come and gone, the summer, my perfect, never-to-be-recreated-again summer that never ended full of county fairs, huddled under blankets in the stands at intramural baseball games, firefly-filled cool nights scattered around bonfires drinking cheap beer and smoking cherry cigarillos that made your throat burn and your teeth ache. A summer filled with hungover naps poolside, part-time jobs to appear productive, late nights driving around town with no destination, blaring classic rock and hearing the chirping of crickets through her top-down shiny convertible. We were our small town, close enough to the Second City to suck in its energy, far enough away to be irrelevant. It was home, and it was us. But August hovered over us like a storm cloud waiting to explode after Rose announced with no pomp and circumstance her own graduation from our comfortable companionship to the bayou of Louisiana, a no-name school with a propensity for mediocre football and crawfish boils. She got a full ride there, a combination of stellar grades and their desperation for cheerleaders, and I was left in the cold. I hated cold. The morning she left, she called my house around five in the morning. I didn't answer, but heard my mother open the door and call my name as I feigned sleep. She was waiting, one last ditch effort at saying a proper goodbye, one that I couldn't bear to give to her. My best friend. All of our plans. I felt betrayed. The tears flowed, but I was determined to make the best of it. Fall arrived, the most exciting part of baseball season. Rose never enjoyed it, always sucking it up on my behalf, and I threw myself into the distraction, our phone calls ceasing entirely. My favorite team, inching towards the playoffs. Tickets in my hand, on my feet in the stadium, screaming so loud my voice was lost in the cacophony of the tens of thousands surrounding me. A once in a lifetime moment, and I was a part of it. Electricity pumped through my veins, staring down at the field so green and thick that I could sink in it. It was mid-October, tears streaming down my face as the trophy was hoisted in the air, when my phone rang. I answered without looking at the caller id, and heard a throat clearing before a timid greeting. "Bella? It's Rose." "Uh…hey Rose…I'm kind of…" "You're in the middle of something. You always are." I didn't respond. "Listen, I was at this guy's apartment and they had the game on. I couldn't stop thinking about you. I knew you'd be watching and I wanted to hear your voice. I miss you, Belly." I smiled at her childhood nickname for me, a time with wobbly knees and braces and pigtails and a sun that never seemed to set on our summers. I missed the summer with Rose. I wished it was always summer. "I miss you too, Rosie. You know that." "You didn't say goodbye. I waited, in my driveway, you know. For an hour. For you to come say goodbye." "I couldn't." "I know." Silence. I could hear a car door slam over the line somewhere in the distance, laughter growing closer to her before fading again. She must be outside. It's always summer in Louisiana, I've heard. "Hey Rose…" "Come visit, Bella. I'm kinda swamped now with football but…come spend a week here. You have to. I won't take no for an answer." "Why?" "I miss you." "Come on, Rose. I know that voice. There's more than that." She huffed. But she always told me the truth. It was never any other way. And she would this time, too, no matter how much had occurred between us. In three, two, one… "I thought I was homesick. Every day, all I'd talk about and think about was home. But, I talk to my parents all the time and it's just whatever, you know? I think you were home for me. I miss my bestie. I'm hoping to convince you to transfer down here." "Rose, I'm not going to move in the middle of the school year." "Okay, okay. I'm not saying for spring but, come check it out. See where we'd live, let me show you around. Enjoy the sun for awhile. Don't you miss it? We always had the best summers." My stomach turned. I hated being here alone. I felt out of place now, like I'd outgrown what it once was. "Yeah Rosie…the best." "Sooo…for next fall. Let's think about next fall." "Okay, Rose. Whatever you want." She squealed with excitement, a very non-Rose attribute. "February. Come down for Mardi Gras. We can be each other's Valentine's dates for the fifth year in a row, experience Fat Tuesday. Can't mess with tradition. Please please please! Fly down!" "Rose, I don't know…" "Hey! I got it! My car…I didn't think I could have it here, but it turns out I'm kinda living in an apartment situation. They don't have a standard dorm set-up. If you want, you can drive my car down and then fly home? Gas will be on my parents, and you won't have to buy a round trip flight?" Something in me kept me from finding another excuse. Rose and I had always been together. Maybe we've changed to much in this short amount of time. If any more passed, it might be too late. "Actually, Rose, that sounds great. I could use vacation." It had only been a couple months, but Rose sounded so different . Vibrant. Exciting. Happy. The last one hurt the most. I wanted to understand why. We hammered out details over the winter, me wishing that she could have come home for the holidays, wishing it was February already, other times wishing I could take it back. And when the day came that I climbed into the apple red car, trying to manage my way the first eight hours on sheets of ice and dirty snow, salt caked on the body in a fine powder that would take several washes to remove, the more miles piled on the speedometer, the more my heart sunk in my chest. Would I fit into Rose's new life? Would we share the same interests? The girl I had known my whole life, through thick and thin; could we not survive just a few short months of adulthood? Had we both outgrown our town, outgrown each other? I drove further south, chasing the sunrise, fueled on caffeine and sickly sweet energy drinks. Tennessee, Arkansas, finally Louisiana. Moss started to drip from the trees, roads elevated over swampy expanse. Everything felt slower, like molasses seeping through my pores. Five minutes outside of her campus, I'd yet to pass anything but long rows of sugarcane and still-standing slave quarters, their weathered wood lining dirt roads that lead to thick trees that swallowed them whole. I stopped at a gas station to top of the tank, one side of it a greasy spoon that smelled of salty bacon and coffee, clattering dishes carrying fried hash browns piled a mile high. I paid at the register, a bottled opener tied to it on an old piece of string. Piled to the side were cases of beer, ripped open and contents missing. No rules about drinking and driving, I suppose. Closer to campus brought a couple fast food chains I recognized, standard college fare, nestled on oddly named roads ending in –eaux, in between sprawling lawns that lead to whitewashed plantation homes, their columns attempting to climb up to the sky before settling on ivy-wrapped second story balconies. There were people selling roses and hideous stuffed animals on street corners, their flowers wilting in five gallon buckets lined up at their feet begging for eleventh hour customers. Random drive-through daiquiri shops, cars lined up despite the hour, handed colorful drinks by cup or gallon jug. Despite the ease, it felt welcoming and alive. I pulled up to Rose's complex, several newer apartment buildings surrounding a standard rectangle pool teeming with students trying to get the best chairs early on, tugging collapsible coolers and drink carriers loaded with the recognizable daiquiri insignias. The key was still in the ignition when I saw her bounding down the three sets of stairs, more golden skinned than last August, hair bleached from the sun and a smile a mile wide. My melancholy fell by the wayside, remembering why this was my partner in crime, my future maid of honor, the godmother of my children. This was Rose. I am Bella. Shorts and sunshine and laughter. That's all we needed. "Belly!" she yelled, yanking open the car door and pulling me in her arms the moment the seatbelt had snapped back into its resting place. She smelled like suntan oil and Rose, and I was reminded of our summers once again. We hugged, rocking side to side enthusiastically, laughter uncontainable, and exchanged our boxes of conversation hearts that we never ate, a yearly tradition. We carried my luggage into her place, tastefully decorated in blues and greys save for a worn vinyl tablecloth that was covered in harsh neon pinks and reds, cherubic cupids reminding me of another lonely year. Her roommates were out of town for the holiday, and she excitedly told me that the campus closes for Mardi Gras. We'd be staying in town, enjoying the local parade and troupes, exploring the campus leisurely without the normal hustle and bustle. And she had someone special she wanted me to meet. Glad to see things worked out well for one of us. "You have a boyfriend?! You didn't say anything. I wouldn't have come today." "Don't be crazy, Bella." She admonished. "He knows how excited I am for your visit." "Yeah, but your first Valentine's day? Your favorite day of the year, and you've actually got someone to spend it with?" "I've always had someone to spend it with, Belly. Don't be silly." She waved me off before flipping her hair, putting a stop to the topic at hand. "I know you probably want to sleep after that drive, so how about we go down to the pool for a couple hours to nap and get toasty brown, and then head up to the ball field." My head whipped towards her, a grin on my face. She was twirling a piece of her blonde locks, looking around nonchalantly. "I mean, we don't have to. I don't know if you're into that sort of thing…" "Rosie! Ahhh! Of course! It's so weird having the season start early down here. So, you're gonna spend your Valentine's with me instead of your new boyfriend, and even worse, at a baseball game?!" "You'll see… Everything is perfect down here, Belly. It's my one opportunity to show you." I didn't answer. I was afraid to jinx it. Bikini clad, Styrofoam cup daiquiri thrust into my hand from an unknown source, two hurricanes and a mai tai, hot sun beating down on my bones, lulling me into the most content sleep I had ever had. It was a couple hours later, gentle shaking luring me back to reality, when we made our way back to the apartment to change into cutoff shorts and tank tops too tight for the north but hot enough down here to never care. The air was so humid that it was palpable, foggy sun shining on our pedicured toes as our sandals kicked up gravel in the parking lot. The baseball field was small, its brick entrance unassuming under the shadow of the football stadium. The crack