Title of Story: Cowboy Country Rodeo Circuit Rating: M Pairing: Bella/Edward Genre: Romance, Friendship Word Count: 9710 Story Summary: Edgar the bullfighter needs to cowboy up and admit to his buttercup just how deep his love and affection for her goes. Before he gets the chance, danger strikes. It will be up to him to save the day and the woman he's in love with. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Cowboy Country Rodeo Circuit "Welcome to the Cowboy Country Rodeo Circuit," Emmett, our main commentator, calls out through his microphone. "We're gonna be with y'all for the next three days. We have loads of events goin' on. There's still time to sign up if ya wanna chance yer luck in any of our events." Smiling, I look in the mirror as I finish getting into my character of Edgar, the bullfighter and entertainer for our rodeo. My costume is cowboy boots, yellow shin guards with boot protectors, and a pair of ragged and baggy cut-out jeans over my bullfighter's padded shorts. My jeans are held up by yellow furry suspenders, and I'm wearing a tan Wrangler bullfighter's jersey over my polyethylene protector. I paint my face like a lion, and to top it off, my cowboy hat has lion ears sewn on it. All of my twenty-five years on Earth have been spent with this rodeo. My father, Carlisle, is the rodeo's full-time doctor, and my mother, Esme, helps out with nursing duties as well as being the unofficial rodeo mom for all of the crew. Many people comment on the fact that all of us in the circuit must have missed out on a formal education and assume we don't know as much as the normal -life kids do. In truth, that's just not so. All of the rodeo crews' families between the ages of four and nineteen are homeschooled. Mrs. Cope is in charge of the homeschool. Several of us also take college courses online, and over the years, a few have earned at least an associate degree. Generally speaking, we all grew up here, and our respect and hard work stands tall. Our crew members are like a family, and everyone has a job. Since I was able to walk, I've always had a hand in something. As a kid, I helped feed the animals, and as I got older, I performed chores such as mucking stalls. Eventually, I started loading trailers, helping set up camp, and in general just being a handyman. Once I received my driver's license, I could drive a truck and trailer. However, I've spent a lot of time taking online courses and even completing a few classes while at home over the winter months in Oklahoma. This past spring, I graduated with a dual master's degree in music theory and English. After I retire from bullfighting, I hope to be a teacher or take over the homeschool activities from Mrs. Cope. When I was eighteen, I tried my hand at many of the different events. Being a young, hot-headed adolescent, I wanted to try something scary—something that would get my blood pumping. I rode saddle bronc, bareback, and bulls. The adrenaline rush when you're on the back of one of those wild creatures is unexplainable. You never know what one of the wild horses will do. When you're on the back of an eleven-hundred-pound wild animal, it's going to be a ride. When it comes to the bulls, nothing says adrenaline rush more than having your hand strapped down to the back of one. Those things can kick and rear back at the same time, not to mention turn and twist. Bulls are big but quite agile creatures, and they weigh an average of six hundred pounds more than a big bronco. Rodeo life is for me. I knew I needed to do something as a career, but I didn't want to miss that feeling and drive I had when I took part in and won some of the events. I still hadn't found my calling by the time I reached twenty, but then again, I'd never tried my hand at what many people call a rodeo clown. I just happened to be at the bull riding event when Dusty, one of our biggest bulls, flipped out for no reason during a ride. Never before or even after have I seen him that upset. Things went crazy fast, and a rider was in trouble. Without a second thought, I jumped into the arena and stood in front of one of the riders. Frank was a new kid, who used to travel with a few other circuits, and he became trapped in the center of the arena. After taking and deflecting a few blows, I was able to stand my ground and steer Dusty away from Frank. With the help of the bullfighters, we were able to get Frank out and Dusty under control. When I left the arena, I felt wiped out but exhilarated at the same time. After sitting down and thinking, I knew I'd found my calling. A few days later, I spoke to Garrett, the owner and manager of the rodeo. During our chat about my joining and training to be a bullfighter, I asked about Dusty. It was then I found out the reason behind Dusty's attack on Frank. Garrett told me he'd gone to Frank's home to check on him, only to find Peter Dully there, too. With a heavy heart, he told me that Peter used to own a smaller rodeo, and they had owned Dusty when he was a younger bull. Peter's rodeo was shut down due to animal neglect and abuse. When his rodeo closed down, the state confiscated the livestock and auctioned them off. He had a lot of livestock, and several rodeos from Oklahoma, Texas, and Kansas bought the animals. My eyes draw closed, wishing I had known this information that day because I would've let Dusty get his revenge on Frank before jumping in. At the end of the day, I was relieved to know there had been a reason for Dusty breaking a gate to enter the arena. Bulls never let go of a grudge, and Dusty is already a tough bull. Dusty has the best bucking record of all the bulls in our rodeo. To date, only one cowboy has gotten a full ride on him in the five years he's been with us. The day after our talk, I started to train to be a rodeo clown, entertainer, and bullfighter. Being six-three, I'm taller than most, but my toned and flexible body gives me the edge I need. Bullfighting and entertaining are the perfect jobs for me because I'm able to keep myself active. It's more demanding than most people think. There are days I limp away with aches, pains, and bruises. Some people think it's about cracking some family-friendly jokes, but that's only the part that makes it more enjoyable for the audience. For me, it's not just to protect the riders but also our stock. I love my rodeo family, and that includes all of our animals. Happy with my makeup, I look to the arena, which is a few steps away from me. Knowing I have some spare time, I turn my back and walk toward the stables, reaching them just in time to see my buttercup, the girl who has a tight hold on my interest. "Miss Bella," I say, dipping my hat and head at her as she smiles, walking toward me. Bella is eighteen and also happens to be the only daughter of Garrett—my boss. Bella is a rare beauty. She's a measly five-foot two, which I find odd because her father is six-three, and her mother was five-ten. Even her older brother—my best friend, Jasper—is six foot. But I also find it endearing because I get to tower over her. She has long brown hair, which I can't stop thinking about pushing my hands into. Her face is soft and heart-shaped. She has dark brown eyes that glow with excitement most of the time. Her lips draw me in, and I want to kiss them. Her thin yet perfect upper lip calls for me to nibble on it. Her full bottom lip doesn't need my nibbles. She does enough of that on her own, yet the imaginary softness of it calls to me as well. Her body is sexy as hell, and she has the right sort of curves that turn me on. "Hi, Gar," she says, smiling brightly at me, causing me to bite back a moan. This is not something I'm proud of. I know there's an eight-year age gap between us. But after lusting after this girl for months, I decided to get to know her better in hopes that I would find out something that would stop my lust. But I didn't. In fact, I found her to be sweet, smart, and somewhat shy. In truth, my lust turned into infatuation. It's now coming up to a year since she turned my head, and that infatuation is slowly turning into love. Because I care deeply for this girl, I know I don't want to change that, and I'm just enjoying the small interactions I have with her. I secretly love that she calls me Gar. She has ever since I started bullfighting, but now and again, Edward will still slip out of her mouth. I run my eyes over her once more, seeing she's dressed in her usual jeans and shirt. "Yer lookin' mighty fine, today," I husk out, making her blush. "But there's just one problem," I say, moving toward her. I get right into her personal space, keeping my eyes locked with hers. I take off her hat so that I can push those loose strands of hair that always seem to be falling in her face behind her ear before placing her hat back on her head. "Better?" Bella asks. I'm still standing very close to her, and I can feel her soft breath touching my chest. "Much," I say, running my hand down her arm. I take hold of her hand and bring it to my mouth, kissing it. "Good luck with the barrels today, Buttercup," I say with a wink before I walk away from her. "Later, Gar!" she yells, and I turn to see that she's smiling, watching me. Once I can no longer see her, I head to the arena. After putting on my mic, I jump over the gate and into the arena. "Well, cowboys and cowgirls, here is Edgar to entertain y'all," Emmett informs everyone around the arena. "Good evenin', Laredo!" I yell, waving both hands in the air. "I just wanna remind y'all that this is a family show, so keep yer faces an' answers clean. Now, how 'bout everyone get up on yer feet and remove yer hats. We're gonna bring in the Cowboy Country Rodeo Circuit Princess, Miss Jessica Stanley to lead the parade of flags for the national anthem." Pulling off my hat, I place it across my chest as the national anthem starts. Jessica enters the arena on her horse, holding the American flag. She makes her way around the arena as the crowd sings along with the song. The rest of the parade comes in and stops dead center, lining up across the middle of the arena. As the national anthem hits the ending, Jessica has her horse galloping around the edge of the arena. After the cheers and clapping from the crowd slow down, the parade makes its way back out. "So, gals and guys, the rodeo tonight will consist of a few different events. Next in the arena will be the first round of bull riders, but first, I'm gonna kick things off with some comedy," I say, putting my hat back on. "Is that what ya call