Title of Story: Waitin on a Woman Pairing: Jasper/Bella, Peter/Charlotte Genre: Romance/Family Word Count: 3748 Story Summary: The story of two women in a constant struggle against time, and the two men that adore them. Will Fate be on their side, or will time run out like sand in an hourglass? Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Alexandria, Louisiana, 1922 Peter sighed as he glanced at his watch for the third time in the past thirty minutes. His instincts told him to inform Charlotte that he would arrive at her home at half past six to escort her to dinner, but she promised to be ready in a timely matter, so he went against his instincts and took his beloved at her word, telling her he would arrive at six o clock. He should have known better. In all the time he had known his Charlotte, she had been late to each and every function, from the weekly church service on Sunday to the balls frequently hosted by her family. But I would not wish to change a single thing about her for anything in the world, he thought with an affectionate smile. He ran a hand through his short blonde hair, then moved to adjust his tie, before checking his watch again. As he sat in the drawing room that Emily, her family s housekeeper, had led him to upon his arrival, Charlotte s grandfather Jasper happened to be walking by and spotted him. Chuckling, he walked into the room and gestured to the seat next to Peter. Would you mind if I joined you, son? Peter shook his head, Not at all, Mr. Whitlock. I would welcome the company. Jasper smiled and sat down. You certainly look bored, young man. Waiting on my punctually-challenged granddaughter yet again, are you? Peter smiled, Yes, sir. I have very special plans for tonight. I had an important conversation with her father the evening before last, and I was very pleased with the way our discussion ended. A knowing look entered the old man s kind eyes, I couldn t be happier to hear such news, and I commend you for your timing, Mr. Bradley. My granddaughter reminds me so much of my Isabella she has never possessed the ability to arrive on time for anything, even our wedding. But gracious heavens, does she have the patience of a three-year-old child. Peter grinned, that certainly described his Charlotte in every detail. Why, the first time he laid eyes on her lovely form, she was racing down the street with a hand laid on top of her head to keep her pretty blue hat from flying away. He later learned from his father, who owned the main restaurant in town, that she was late meeting her mother and sister for lunch. Apparently she had an unbridled love for the written word, and was known amongst her friends for always having her nose in a book. When his gaze fell upon her for the second time, he was browsing the shelves in a bookstore seeking the perfect gift for his mother s birthday. He turned a corner to walk down the aisle marked romance and proceeded to trip over a stack of books someone had placed on the ground. Managing to catch himself before falling over completely, he heard a feminine voice say in a panicked tone, Oh my goodness! I m so terribly sorry, sir! He turned around to see the lovely woman he had seen the day prior, only this time her hat much like her dress and gloves were a pale green. Her hair looked like spun gold, and it flowed in waves down her back. Her eyes were the deepest blue, especially now when they were wide with concern. I m just fine, miss. Please do not trouble yourself on my account. I did not look where I was walking, therefore it was my error. I apologize for startling you. He smiled to set her at ease. She sighed, most likely in relief that he was not angry, and replied Thank you, sir. You are most kind. My name is Charlotte, Charlotte Whitlock. They struck up a conversation then, speaking of their families, what they liked about living in Alexandria, and his purpose for being in the bookstore. She made a few suggestions, and after finding a new book by one of his mother s favorite authors, he walked up with Charlotte to stand in line to pay for his purchase. He heard what sounded like a sigh of annoyance, and turned toward his new acquaintance with a curious expression. Is there something troubling you, Ms. Whitlock? She smiled sheepishly, and said, No sir, I just detest waiting. There are so many other splendid activities one could be engaging in. Life is too short to spend it waiting! Her exuberance amused him, but he managed to hide the chuckle that attempted to escape his lips with a small smile. I agree with your sentiments wholeheartedly. Life is indeed too short. The store owner gained his attention then, and after handing over his payment, he turned toward Charlotte, May I escort you out, Miss Whitlock? She smiled brightly, I would be delighted. And please, call me Charlotte. He smiled in return, Very well, Miss Charlotte. I would make the same request, and ask that you call me Peter. He then offered his arm, and as she took it they walked outside and down the street . Peter shook his head to clear his mind as the memory faded, and he turned toward Mr. Whitlock with an apologetic smile, Please forgive me for my lack of attention, sir. I was caught up in the memory. Jasper nodded in understanding, I have been in the same position on occasion myself, as was my father and his father before him. It is a symptom of being in love, something for which I m afraid there is no cure. Peter smirked, Then it is fortunate that I am not in search of a cure, would you not agree, sir? His candor amused Jasper greatly, and he laughed with vigor. Just so, young man. I must say, you remind me a great deal of myself when I was your age. You ve got a mighty bright future ahead of you, son. Well, if I know my granddaughter well enough, and I reckon that I do, I would bet everything I have that she s trying on every dress she owns, trying to find that perfect one that is sure to make your jaw drop To his embarrassment, Peter could feel his cheeks reddening, She could be wearing a simple country dress and still be the most beautiful girl in Louisiana to me. I couldn t love her more if I tried. A warm smile appeared on Jasper s lips as he listened to this young man, someone so much like himself in his youth, as he spoke of the young lady that held his heart. He remembered feeling the same the night he asked his beloved Isabella to become his wife, and yet he continued to fall more and more in love with her over the years. He always said it wouldn t be possible to love her more, but as time went on, that is exactly what came to pass. Emily entered the room then, bringing him out of his thoughts. She curtsied, I beg your pardon for my intrusion, Mr. Bradley and Mr. Whitlock, but Miss Whitlock asked me to inform you that she will be ready soon, and to offer you refreshments while you await her presence. Both men nodded and Jasper addressed her, Thank you kindly, Emily. Some iced tea would be appreciated. She nodded, curtsied again, and left the room. Well, it appears we still have a while yet to wait on our ladies. Would you like to hear the story of my engagement? Peter nodded, I would be honored, sir. Jasper sat back as he allowed the memories to overtake him, It was the summer of 1865, and we had been courting for just over a year now . Jasper was walking Isabella home after a perfect afternoon outing; there was nothing his Isabella enjoyed more than being outdoors, and so he had arranged a lovely picnic near one of her favorite parks. He had her favorite foods made for her, and brought one of his favorite books, so that they could read to one another. However, as much as he enjoyed spending every waking moment with her, today was quite the stressful day for him, as tomorrow was the day he intended to ask for permission to request his daughter s hand in marriage. He had rehearsed what he would say repeatedly, and still felt anxious at the thought of the conversation to come. Isabella was everything that was beautiful and sweet and kind, and he knew she was the one for him. He hadn t had the best upbringing his family was one of the founding families of Alexandria, so they were wealthy, but they were never affectionate with him or his sister, Rosalie. His sister didn t mind at all though. She was groomed to be just like them, and was happy to be married to one of the most prominent bachelors in town, Royce King, mostly because it would allow her to keep herself in the lifestyle she was accustomed to, as well as enjoy her husband s social status. Tea parties, private balls, and traveling with her husband were the only things in life that mattered to her. Jasper felt at times as if he were born into the wrong family, as he was so different from them emotionally and morally. When he first saw Isabella, she was speaking to a small girl who was being teased by some other children. She had long dark hair the color of chestnuts, her skin looked like pure ivory. She was perfection personified. When she raised her bottomless green eyes to meet his as he drew closer, he felt a shift within himself, as if he had found something he never knew he was looking for: a home. He walked up to her, and as she offered her hand, he took it gently and bowed, saying, It is my greatest pleasure to make your acquaintance, ma am. My name is Jasper Whitlock. The smile that brightened her face just then shined on every dark place in his soul, and she replied, I feel as if I have been waiting all my life to meet you, Mr. Whitlock. My name is Isabella Swan. From then on, they were inseparable. His every happiness depended on what her father s decision would be tonight, and he wasn t even the least bit sure what he would do if his answer was no. He knew Isabella could feel the tension in the air as they walked up to her home, and finally she could not stand it anymore, and addressed it, Jasper, today has been wonderful, but I know something is troubling your heart. Will you share it with me? He tried the best he could to erase his thoughts from his mind, and set hers at ease, It s nothing, my darlin Isabella. May I call on you tomorrow afternoon, around six o clock? Her face fell, but she recovered quickly and nodded. He took her hand and kissed it, and bid her goodbye. As he made his way back towards town, he ventured off the road and towards the woods. He stopped at a spot he frequented of late when he needed to have a moment of solitude, where the grass met a shallow lake and where the sun set daily. This is what I love most about living here, he thought. The beauty of nature, of the centuries-old trees, the humidity in the air that kept the plant