This is the prequel to Darling, You're Mean . s/6172326/1/Darling-You-re-Mean I wanted to flesh out Kyleigh's backstory and explore her relationship with Carlisle. No Jasper in this series; this isn't a story about romance, it's a story about love. Enjoy! Kyleigh pressed herself against the wall in the hope that it would quell her shaking. It didn't work. She wasn't sure how long she'd been curled in this position, waiting for someone to help, but she didn't think she could take much more of the pain. Other patients who had come in after her had already been triaged and whisked away by the busy ER nurses, but no one seemed willing to help her. Kyleigh closed her eyes against the pain, praying to die. She soon slipped into a stupor, the room blurring and the noise fading, until she was sure she'd gotten her wish. "What more can we do for her? It's been three days, Dr. Cullen," a voice said somewhere over Kyleigh's head. "She will wake up when her body is ready. She faced a severe shock. Not even someone young like her will bounce back from that immediately," another voice said, somewhere to her right. Kyleigh tried to groan, but something was lodged in her throat. She gagged over it, beginning to freak out. She opened her eyes, trying to see what was choking her. "Whoa, whoa, easy, little one," came the male voice. "Don't fight it, it's okay." She tried to cough. Tears came to her eyes out of fear. "It's okay, honey, you're okay," the female voice said. Kyleigh turned her head. A dark skinned nurse with kind eyes came into focus. "You're safe, honey, it's alright." Trudy stroked Kyleigh's hair, her voice soothing. My name is Trudy, this is Dr. Cullen." Trudy nodded across the bed. Kyleigh slowly turned her head, seeing a young blond haired man standing next to her. His smile was both beautiful and reassuring. "Hello," he said softly. "Nice to meet you." Despite her panic, she felt a little calmer upon seeing the doctor in charge of her. "We can take the feeding tube out soon. Let me just check your vitals and see how your body is doing. Okay?" Kyleigh nodded then gagged from the movement. Trudy continued to stroke her hair. After Dr. Cullen had inspected her head to toe and noted everything down, he and Trudy removed the feeding tube. Kyleigh was most disgusted by the fact that the feeding tube was in her nose. She tried hard not to think about it, though it was difficult, considering Trudy was pulling on it. Right before the final pull, Trudy paused, allowing Kyleigh to breathe as best as she could. As soon as the tube cleared her throat and exited her nose, Kyleigh gagged again, coughing and sputtering. Trudy handed her a wet towel, urging her to stick it in her mouth to wet it. More tears rolled while Kyleigh sucked at it, struggling to get water out of it. "There you go, hon," Trudy told her. "Take a few deep breaths. It's okay." Kyleigh's throat ached so much it was hard to breathe at all. She tried to ask Trudy what happened, but no sound could get past the pain. Dr. Cullen appeared to read her mind, as she soon explained that they had found her half alive in the emergency room three days earlier. "You're a lucky young woman, as well as a strong one. We found you just in time. Much more waiting, and you would've died of malnutrition. I'm going to ask you a few questions. If it's a yes or no, I want you to give me a thumbs up or thumbs down. If it's for an amount of time, hold up your fingers. Does that make sense?" Kyleigh held up her right hand, giving him a thumbs up. "Great." He gave her a warm smile. "First things first, do you remember your name?" Thumbs up. "Good. Trudy, could you get a piece of paper and a pen?" Trudy soon returned, handing them over to Kyleigh. At Dr. Cullen's encouragement, Kyleigh scratched out her name, horrified by how messy her handwriting was. Dr. Cullen took the pad from her. "Ky…Kyrie?" he asked. Thumbs down. "Kallie?" Thumbs down. Trudy took the paper from him. "I think it says Kyleigh." Kyleigh gave a thumbs up. "That's a beautiful name," Trudy told her. "How about your last name?" Kyleigh again wrote it out, handing it to Trudy instead of the doctor. "Montgomery?" She smiled when Kyleigh agreed. "Years of reading doctors' notes are finally paying off." Dr. Cullen laughed. "I guess so. Great, Kyleigh, you're doing so well. How old are you? You can just hold up your fingers if it's easier than writing." He noticed how badly her hands were shaking. They watched as she held up one finger, and then four. "You're fourteen?" Dr. Cullen clarified before writing it down on her chart. Trudy gave Dr. Cullen a horrified look, which he acknowledged with a small nod. "Alright, Kyleigh, let's move on: are you from the Portland area?" She gave him a thumbs down. "Okay. Are you from Oregon?" Thumbs down. "The Pacific Northwest?" Another thumbs up. Trudy and Dr. Cullen exchanged a look. "Trudy, could you get us a map, please?" Trudy disappeared, returning a few minutes later with a freshly printed map of the United States. With shaking fingers, Kyleigh pointed to Washington on the map. "Washington?" he confirmed. "Excellent! Seattle?" Kyleigh shook her hand in an either/or kind of way. Thankfully, Dr. Cullen understood what she meant. "Are you from a different part of Washington then?" Thumbs up. Dr. Cullen sent Trudy to get a map of Washington. It took a few minutes, but Kyleigh eventually found it and pointed to Bellevue. "That's a pretty area," he commented. Kyleigh shrugged and he laughed. "Okay, so you're from Bellevue. Did you come straight here from there?" Thumbs down. "I think she's saying she went to Seattle and then came down, right?" Trudy guessed. Kyleigh nodded. "Alright. So why did you come here? Do you have family here?" Thumbs down. Dr. Cullen furrowed his brow. "Kyleigh, did you run away from home?" Thumbs down. Trudy and Dr. Cullen looked confused. "Were you at a boarding school here?" Thumbs down. "So what are you doing here? Where are your parents?" Kyleigh shrugged. Dr. Cullen's golden eyes appraised her, making her feel naked. She tried to cross her arms, but met resistance from the wires attached to the crap attached to her left hand. Dr. Cullen and Trudy seemed to be communicating with their eyes. Finally, Dr. Cullen asked when was the last time she'd seen her parents. Kyleigh held up two fingers. "Two days?" Dr. Cullen asked, resuming his questioning. Thumbs down. "Are you saying you haven't seen your parents for two weeks?" Thumbs up. Another look of horror passed between the doctor and the nurse. Kyleigh gestured for the pen and paper, which Trudy gave her. For several minutes, Trudy and Dr. Cullen waited for Kyleigh to finish writing. Trudy took the paper from her gently, furrowing her brow as she read. "They left you? You mean like they abandoned you?" Kyleigh did a thumbs up. Dr. Cullen and Trudy were both speechless. Finally Dr. Cullen spoke, "did they say why?" Kyleigh shook her head. Dr. Cullen and Trudy looked at each other yet again. Kyleigh gestured for the paper, which Trudy handed to her. After writing for a few minutes, she pushed it away. Trudy again picked it up. "Cursed? What do you mean cursed?" Kyleigh took the paper back again. Trudy took it back. "Cursed blood? I don't understand what you mean, Kyleigh." Kyleigh shrugged. How was she supposed to explain something she herself didn't understand? "How about we take a break for a little while? You'll feel better in a few hours," Dr. Cullen lied. Kyleigh could tell when doctors lied. Dr. Cullen and Trudy backed out of the room. Kyleigh was sure that as soon as they were out of earshot, they'd start talking about her, but she didn't care. She was someplace safe and that was all that mattered. Time passes differently in hospitals. Kyleigh could look at the clock and see it said 12:00, but not be certain if that meant a.m. or p.m. Once she had gotten rehydrated and eaten more food, she felt better. Dr. Cullen stopped by regularly to check her vitals and ask her how she was feeling. She knew they hadn't figured out what was wrong with her, and now that she could talk, she really felt bad that she wasn't much more help. Within a day or two, her voice was pretty much back to normal, though she had enjoyed playing the guessing game with the nurses. "Can we talk a little about our conversation the first night you were here?" Dr. Cullen asked a few days after she'd been admitted to the hospital. "You mean our sign language session?" Kyleigh asked, trying not to laugh. "Yes," he said with a smile. "That's one way to put it." "Sure, go ahead. Do you want me to use hand signals again?" Dr. Cullen just shook his head, laughing as well. "Talking will be just fine. You wrote the first day that your parents thought you had 'cursed blood.' Did they never clarify what they meant?" "No, they just kept telling me I had dirty blood. They said it for years, for as long as I can remember. I was sick a lot when I was kid, so I figured that's why." "Were you ever as sick as you were the night you came in?" Dr. Cullen had his ever-present notebook out and was writing quickly. "Uh, yeah, right before my blood transfusion." Kyleigh said this casually but from the look on Dr. Cullen's face, she knew she'd said something dramatic. "When did you have a blood transfusion?" "Two years ago. That's when my mom was really insistent that I had cursed blood. She thought if we transfused it, it would get better." "Did it?" "Nope. That really pissed them off. She just couldn't accept the fact that my immune system sucks." Dr. Cullen gave Kyleigh the same piercing look he'd given her that first night. Kyleigh was fascinated by the golden color of his eyes. She'd never seen anything quite like it. "Where did they get the blood? Who was the doctor you saw?" Dr. Cullen had asked about her doctor's name before. Kyleigh felt bad that she couldn't remember. "I didn't ask, I just did as I was told. Plus, I saw a lot of doctors back then." "And they never figured out what was wrong with your immune system?" Dr. Cullen looked frustrated. "I'm just confused, Kyleigh. None of this is adding up. Do you know what they tested you for?" "Everything, I'm guessing." Kyleigh was starting to get sleepy. "They didn't tell me much, just that my blood was dirty and they needed to fix it." She yawned widely then apologized. Dr. Cullen smiled suddenly. "It's okay. I'm just going to take one more blood sample from you and then you can nap for as long as you want. How does that sound?" "Aside from the whole stabby needle thing, it sounds great." Kyleigh yawned again, but held out her arm for him. His hands were freezing against her warm skin. She'd had so many injections/extractions/pokery over the years, that seeing yet another needle in her skin didn't bother her. Once he was done, he wished her a good night and withdrew from the room. Kyleigh didn't like the looks on Dr. Cullen's and Trudy's faces when they came to see her two days later. Kyleigh put her book down. Dr. Cullen had been nice enough to bring her a stack of books to hold her over while they tried to figure out what was making her sick. He'd