Chapter One – Human He staggered slowly down the familiar path, his hands pressing against the open wound over his ribcage as he left a trail of blood behind him. His pale olive skin shone brightly under the moon light and with the shadows over his face he could easily be mistaken for a ghost roaming the lands on a winter's night. Singing voices drifted from the amphitheater, where a bright flame danced in the wind. Step by step the boy made his way there, his vision turning blurrier with every move as the metallic taste filled his mouth. He could barely walk now, he could barely make it through but he knew that he could not give up, not now when he was this close. So close now, just a few more steps and he was there, he could feel the heat of the fire chasing away the coldness of the night, the voices were louder now but they were no longer singing, but he didn't know that – his mind was in such loss that he could no longer make out the words they were saying. There was emptiness inside of him, one that could only result from a massive blood lost, or at least so he had thought at that moment. "He's coming," he blurted out, not even sure what he was saying as the screams filled his ears and he found himself stumbling forward as the world around him quickly turned black. OoOoOoO Screaming, people all around him seem to have lost all courage at the sight of the gravely injured boy who stumbled in, but it wasn't his job to fear – as a consoler, it was his job to help. Jumping to his feet, the young man rushed over to the boy, only half aware of the blond woman who was doing the exact same thing. He should have noticed her, he should have noticed the look upon her face at the boy's words but couldn't worry about it now, not when there is someone who is in clear need of help. "Percy," the blonde said, stopping right next to him as he kneeled down next to the boy, his eyes examining the open wound in his upper body and his tattered blood stained clothes. "Is he still breathing?" she asked, not paying attention to the people who hurried to calm to crowd, scattering the campers back to their respective cabins. The man, Percy, turned his sea blue eyes to her and gave her a small nod. "He is, but I don't think that he would do it for much longer in this state," he said, returning his eyes to the thin boy and in a swift move he lifted him up."I'll get him to the Big House, you go and get some guys from the Apollo cabin," he said as he got back up to his feet. The blonde woman nodded before she rushed into the scattering crowd and Percy took off in the opposite direction, missing her worry eyes following him for a short moment until they were both out of each other sight. It wasn't strange for him to miss such things, apparently so small but they were also things that sometimes foreshadowed the future. Still, he didn't see them, Percy Jackson might have grown much in the past three years, might have became a truer hero than he had ever been, but he would always be oblivious or like his girlfriend often said, he would always be a seaweed brain. And so it was that he raced toward the Big House, nothing on his mind but the wounded boy in his arms, not allowing any sense of familiarity as he made his way up the stairs to be greeted by the worries eyes of Chiron. "Come quickly," the centaur said, leading Percy inside before pointing at the couch so the boy could be placed there. "There is no time to get him to the infirmary," he explained before Percy could even ask. "Go and get some ambrosia and nectar, we don't have much time." His eyes were way, but he had experienced so much death in the past few years and Percy could only share his pain at the deaths of the many campers in those wars. Wars which have never happened if it wasn't for the faith cruel work. Percy did not say anything as he turned to leave the room, however the sound of a familiar voice stopped him in his tracks. "Percy," came the weak whisper, making him turn around slowly and look down at the boy, his eyes growing wider as he recognized the dark shade of chocolate in them. "Percy," the whisper came again and the man walked forward towards the boy. "I'm here," he said, not understanding how he could not have recognized him. Yes, it had been three years but a person could not have changed that much in that time span. Sure, the son of Hades had grown taller and had long since stopped looking like the child he remembered, but he should have known. "Nico, I'm right here," he fell to the floor beside the couch and grabbed the boy's hand, squeezing it softly. Chiron looked at the two with sad eyes, seemingly thinking of saying some before he left to complete the task he had given Percy. There was a new kind of worry inside of him, he could barely say that the boy in front of him was demigod, let alone Nico, something or someone was hiding the boy. Nico couldn't move as he lied on the couch, pain rushing through ever fiber of his being as his eyes turned blurry. "He's coming, Percy," he whispered, chocking as he coughed out blood. Perhaps he should not speak and Percy's worried eyes suggested that as well, Nico knew that it would do him no good, but he had to say this, he has to say everything before it would all be replaced by the emptiness. "F-fire would burn and everything would crumble to ashes, Percy, he would ruin everything in his path," he stumbled over his words, biting the inside of his cheek as he tried to hold a cry as a shock of pain hit his body. "Don't try to talk," Percy ordered, moving his free hand to put pressure over Nico's wound, hoping to stop the gashing blood. There was no need to be a genius to know that if he won't get treated soon, Nico won't survive this. "There is going to be another war," he continued to try, pain written over his face. "A war," bit he didn't continue the sentence as his eyes rolled back and the world turned black again. He didn't feel it when Percy shook him, nor did he hear him calling his name, just the blissful silence of the darkness. OoOoOoO Annabeth stroked his hand slowly as they say on the Big House's porch, her blond hair falling in soft curls around her face. She had arrived to the house about three hours ago with the best healers the Apollo cabin could offer, only to be completely shocked with the revolution that the injured boy was none other than the missing son of Hades, Nico di'Angelo. There were so many questions going through her mind, but more than everything else there was worry. She had never gotten along well with him as the boy seemed to try his best to avoid her, yet she knew the she owed him her life and that even if Nico had many problems, he was the unaccredited hero of the Giants war and perhaps the Titans war as well. She owed him much and Annabeth always paid her debts. "Why is it taking so long?" Percy's voice cut her line of thoughts and the young woman turned her stormy gray eyes to him. "It had been hours, they have at least said something by now," as much as Annabeth was worried for Nico, she knew that was more worried. "It's a good thing, Perce," she said, trying to lift up his spirits. "It means that his wounds are treatable," she explained, trying to put some logic into her words even if she knew that it would not mean much. "Nico would get through this." She couldn't be sure, but Annabeth needed to be certain that Percy didn't lose hope. Through it all, and though the feeling probably wasn't mutual, Percy had come to view Nico as a little brother; she remembered how he had requested a quest to search for the boy about three months after he disappeared, when it was becoming obvious that he wasn't coming back. Three years had passed and Annabeth probably knew her boyfriend better than he knew himself, which meant that somewhere in his mind Percy was blaming himself for Nico's condition. If only he had searched more, if only he would have found him three years ago – this wouldn't have happened. Annabeth squeezed his hand tightly and leaned her head against his shoulder. "There is nothing that you could have done to prevent this," she told him, watching as the sea blue eyes focused on her and though he didn't say anything, she knew that he believed otherwise. Percy didn't mean to act this coldly towards her, but all he could was wrap one arm around her and pull her closer to him, hoping that it would be enough to comfort both of them. Worry, it was something that never really gone away and Nico… Nico had gone through so much in his life, he had lost and gained everything, only to lose it to the feeling that he did not belong, choosing the shadows even when everyone kept trying to convince him to stay. Percy just wanted him to have a quiet life for once, for him not have to go through hell and back. "He'll get through this," he mumbled into Annabeth's hair, trying to convince himself more than anything else really. "Nico is strong, he had done some amazing things," like going through Tartarus alone, the horrors that he and Annabeth were the only ones who have seen it too for they too passed through the darkest part of the world, the pit of monsters. His girlfriend only smiled at him, giving him a small nod before turning her eyes back to the dark sky. "Do you think we should tell everyone that it's him?" she asked, unsure if either one of them could actually leave this place before they know that Nico was going to be completely fine. "I mean Jason and Hazel had been worried sick and the guys all care for him too," she said. "No," his answer was short and clear. "We should only tell them when we have more to say than the fact that he is gravely wounded, we shouldn't get their hopes up for nothing," he knew that if Nico was dying, they would want to be by his side, but the same time, it would pain them less if they didn't see him like this – Percy wished he hadn't, it brought back those painful memories of the war, of how close they were to lose him then. No, he couldn't give them that would fail them. "It's not fair to them," she said, knowing that she won't be able to sway away his thoughts from it, but Annabeth believed that they deserved to know, especially if those were Nico's last hours. "What good will it do to bring all of them here, to get their hopes up only for him to die?" it hadn't felt real until he said it out loud, the words seemed to echo through the air as it sank in, Nico di'Angelo, after everything he had been through, might die tonight. Silence filled the air as he said that, sadness filling Annabeth's eyes as she looked at him, Percy had changed so