Alrighty! Welcome to my new story! This is a Harry goes to Ilvermorny story! With that standing, there will be a lot of OCs and semi-spoilers for Fantastic Beasts because that movie did take place in America. The OC reason is that while wizards can live for a long time, that just doesn't mean that they're going to be interacting with young Harry while he's at Ilvermorny! Now that aside, you'll notice, if you're a hardcore HP fan, that the OCs have actual canonical last names. I painstakingly searched the wiki for American family names so they wouldn't be completely OC. The spoilers, however, you'll just have to wait to see because that'd give away the next chapter. Alright! Also, as usual this is a slash story and I already have the pairing ready. I picked somebody who would be American and likely a student at Ilvermorny at the time that Harry would be, Samuel G. Quahog the current, in our time, president of MACUSA. Also, before anyone says that "What about Rapaport's Law and the wand licensing!" Well, since this takes place in 1990, Rapaport's Law doesn't exist anymore, it was repealed in 1965. Anyways, onwards we go! Disclaimer: Don't own HP. From British to American Harry James Potter wasn't your average almost, in like a month and a few weeks, eleven year-old boy. One at first may think this was because of how his relatives treated him. His bedroom was the cupboard under the stairs which had stunted many of his growing processes. From how tall he was because of the small space to the fact he needed glasses from the constant darkness. All of that attributed to the small eleven year old boy under the stairs. However, that was not the reason that Harry James Potter wasn't your average eleven year old boy. It was the fact that he was a wizard. But Harry didn't know this, no rather his relatives, specifically his Aunt, had made sure not to let the boy know of this revelation. Because you see, Petunia Dursley had always been jealous of her sister, ever since she had gotten her letter to Hogwarts. But that jealousy had deepened when Petunia had sent a letter to Hogwarts, asking if she could come and she was denied. But unfortunately for her, her plan of leaving Harry uniformed will be ruined. It was about a month before Harry's eleventh birthday. Today had started off rather normal with Petunia waking him up to prepare breakfast with Harry only getting the bare necessities. He had already retrieved the mail and had given it to Petunia. He then proceeded to start his long list of chores, getting through some of them before it was lunch time where he prepared lunch for his relatives. After that he continued on his list of chores, onto the task of weeding the garden. That was when the odd things started as a brown owl flew by him and landed to the right of him. In the talons of the owl was an envelope that it held out. Harry, curious, took the envelope and read it. Harry James Potter Number Four Privet Drive Surrey, England Harry was rather confused by the letter. It was addressed to him which in itself was odd as he had never really had gotten a letter before. He flipped over the envelope and saw a wax seal on the back. The seal was somehow red, gold, and blue and it had words that Harry couldn't exactly read because the words were so small. Besides the words were four creatures that he couldn't really identify. One looked like a snake, another a bird, another a cat, and the last some man-like creature. He shrugged his shoulders before he undid the seal and opened the envelope. He quickly pulled out the letter inside and read it. Dear Mr. Potter, You have been accepted into the Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, as per request of your parents, Lily and James Potter. Normally we rarely accept students such as you who are usually educated in different school, Hogwarts in your case. However, because your father is a descendant of Abraham Potter, one of the first twelve aurors of America, we gladly accepted you. Now, your parents have warned us that you will more than likely be muggle raised due to the machinations of Albus Dumbledore, who while not necessarily bad, believes in the Greater Good and will have ignored the possibility that your mother's sister will not raise you nicely. Therefore we have decided to send you a representative in order to educate you in the Wizarding World as well as transport you to the New York Magical Department Store, Magical 7. There they will show you everything there that you need and then transport you to the Woolworth Building where the Magical Congress of the United States, MACUSA, is located. It is there that we will determine your custody as per the fact that your mother actually gave birth to you on MACUSA soil, making you an American Citizen as well as a British Citizen in terms of Magical Legislature. Now I know this may be overwhelming but your parents put this all together so that you can have a better childhood and wizarding education. So, if you agree to attend, please simply sign the bottom of this letter. It will alert us to the fact that you've agreed and the representative will promptly arrive. Sincerely, Agilbert Fontaine Headmaster of Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Congressman of the Congress of Magic Honorary Auror and Descendant of Theodard Fontaine Harry was rather stunned. Was this a practical joke because it does seem like something Dudley would attempt to pull. But then again he was giving Dudley's tiny pig like brain too much credit, as the rotund boy couldn't of have thought of this. Neither could have Vernon because of the same reasons as Dudley. Now, Harry knew his Aunt was rather intelligent but it couldn't have been her because of her vehement dislike of the word Magic so it eliminated her from the possible joke pullers. So, by process of elimination, this had to be true. He was a wizard?! That was so cooooool! Harry instantly dug into his worn slacks and pulled out a pen that he had pilfered from Dudley the other day while the pig in a wig wasn't looking. With a quick click of the button at the end of the pen and a flourish, his full name was signed at the bottom of the letter. Suddenly his name glowed gold before it stopped, changing the ink from black to dark green. Harry assumed that the magic used a system of green for yes and red for no. Magic… That's really something though! Seconds later though there was a muffled crack that he was sure his relatives didn't hear due to listening to the TV so loud. He turned towards the source and spotted a dark skinned woman wearing a simple t-shirt and jeans. Her hair was a dirty blonde and was tied into a ponytail. The woman approached him with a smile before she crouched down to his level, as Harry was still sitting on the ground. "You must be Harry Potter, I'm Vivianne Picquery, I'll be your Defense teacher." She said with a smile, holding out her hand. "…Hi." Harry said nervously, shaking the hand. That seemed to make the woman chuckle at him, causing him to blush and hide his face. "Aren't you adorable. So, Harry, are you ready to see the Wizarding World?" She asked, turning the last bit into a conspiratorial whisper. Harry nodded eagerly, the woman standing straight up and holding her hand out once more. Harry grabbed it and Vivianne helped him up. "Alright Harry, what I'm about to do is known as Side-Along Apparition. Apparition is the ability for Wizards and Witches to transport themselves from one place to another in a near blink of an eye." She said. Harry perked up at that, a memory from when he was young appearing in his head. "Like disappearing from behind a trash can and reappearing on a rooftop?" Harry asked. She smiled at him, nodding eagerly before speaking. "Exactly that! So it seems you've accidentally apparated before! That's very good Harry, it is extremely rare that kids like you apparate via accidental magic. It's a sign that means you're an extremely powerful wizard." She said. Harry was in awe at that, him, powerful? Just this morning he was just a boy in a cupboard, but now he was a powerful wizard. "Of course, you'll have to learn how to use that magic though. Anyhow, I will warn you, apparition, especially side-along, is very disconcerting to first timers. So you may feel nauseated after we get to New York." She said. Harry nodded at that and braced himself, keeping a hold of the nice lady's hand. The woman smiled once more before she took one step forward and turned. Then it happened, Vivianne's arm seemed to twist away, causing him to grip even harder and then everything went black. For what seemed to be two seconds he felt pressure all over his body as if he was being squeezed into a rubber tube. While it wasn't exactly painful it was still extremely disconcerting and Harry could tell why it would make anyone nauseous. As soon as those two seconds ended, they were suddenly in an alley and Harry was on his knees, dry heaving. He then felt something on his lips and Vivianne told him to drink, to which he did. It had a weird cherry taste, like the taste of cough syrup but it made the nausea go away. "What was that?" Harry asked as she helped him up. "That Harry, was an Anti-Nausea potion. It does just as the name says." She said with a smile. Harry processed that as he looked around. At the entrance of the alley, Harry could see the tall buildings of New York City as well as the infamous traffic of the place. Though, Harry was confused as none of the passersby had looked their way. He voice that question to his guide. "Ah, well that has to do with two things. One is that there is a No-Maj Notice-Me-Not ward placed on this alley. It causes No-Majs, people who don't have magic, to ignore this alley as if it doesn't exist. The other reason is because it's rush hour Harry, nobody pays attention during rush hour." She said, ending it with a joking smile. Harry giggled a bit before nodding at that. She then proceeded to lead him out of the alley and onto the streets of New York City. Harry was utterly astounded because it was rather amazing! He had never been anywhere but Surrey so it was cool to see skyscrapers and cars and all this rush! Although Harry didn't see it, Vivianne was frowning at his enthusiasm at simply seeing a city. It had confirmed more of her thoughts that she had generated when she first saw the boy. Shaking those thoughts out of her head now, she instructed him to take out the second sheet of paper which had a list of all the supplies he needed. Harry did so and started to read it. Supplies for an Ilvermorny First Year First Year Defense Book: Beginner's Guide to Dark, Gray, and Light Magic by Reiger Scales First Year Charms Book: Chadwick's Charms Volume I by Chadwick Boot First Year Herbology Book: Properties and Raising Practices of Low Level Magical and Non-Magical Plants by Herb O. Logy First Year Potions Book: Ingredients and Their Reactions: All You Need to Know as a First Year Student by Severus Snape First Year Magical Theory Book: What is Magic? A Introduction Guide to the Theory of Magic by Wanda M. Agic First Year History Book: A Compulsive Early History of Magic and Non