Chapter I Nico Di Angelo "Your death would be great for me." It was inevitable. All great powers had a time where they may be usurped. The gods had known this, anticipated it even, the moment they had sent their dear father into the pits of Tartarus. It was like a sick never-ending family tradition. Pull down those who were on top, replace them, gain power, stop, rewind, do it all over again. Still, despite the many challenges and many obstacles, despite the family feuds, and that one never-spoken- again moment they underwent Family therapy, the Olympians had hoped that maybe they would be the one exception to the rule, that they would be the lucky ones left alone by Fate, allowed to reign freely and peacefully until the earth eventually ends and they've had all their fun. But of course, it was never going to be that easy, was it? A half-blood of the eldest gods Shall reach sixteen against all odds. And see the world in endless sleep. The hero's soul, cursed blade shall reap. A single choice shall end his days. Olympus to preserve or raze. A young girl, a prophecy told to the fourteen stoic gods and goddesses that looked over Olympus with different views and different insights. Hera pursed her lips in distaste, her hand on her throne flinching in annoyance. Of course, another illegitimate child of either her husband's or his brothers' would be the one to cause them trouble in the future. "Raise?" Hermes was the first to inquire softly. "Raze." Aphrodite was the one who, surprisingly, answered. "R-A-Z-E, to destroy ." The gods shifted in discomfort, Ares being the one to offer his dissatisfaction first. "A brat's decision will be what saves us? Is this a joke?" He shot Apollo a look, being the god of Prophecy and the one who brought about the Oracle's existence. The sun god tilted his head, looking strangely formal and serious without his Ray-ban sunglasses on, although no one doubted he had stuffed it somewhere in his toga. "No, I don't think this is a joke." He sighed dramatically as Artemis narrowed her eyes at him. "You wanted me to create a way for us to be warned when something major is about to happen, I get us an Oracle, and the first time she makes a major prophecy, you snap at me. Is gratitude really so hard in this family?" Hephaestus grunted, murmuring something about being able to create a machine for such a purpose- when suddenly Zeus smashed his fist against the arm of his throne, "SILENCE!" At once, the small murmurs that had erupted after the prophecy quieted and everyone turned to the king of gods as Zeus looked at his brothers. Poseidon's face was a calm, unreadable mask. Sea green eyes gave nothing away as he looked at Zeus with equal suspicion. Turning to their eldest brother, Hades had the same nonchalant expression, although something in those dark eyes seemed calculating and maybe even worried. There was still a great rift between the brothers especially since World War II had recently occurred. The god of the Underworld's powerful children against his brothers' offsprings. And the loss- the loss was a great one. Not only had both sides sacrificed their own children over some petty fight between them, but the whole world had been affected by the uncontrollable power each half-blood wielded. Earthquakes, unexplainable thunderstorms, monsters, and the undead walking amongst the living- Hermes who had been so busy before was nearly going crazy with all the casualties and cover ups he had to do to help the mortals moved on. And now this, a child, a mere half-blood was going to decide their fates. And not just any half-blood , a half-blood sired by the eldest gods , meaning them - any child younger than sixteen was going to either destroy them or save them. The three of them had barely any demigods of their blood left. Only two small children remained for Hades, a few for Poseidon and Zeus as well. But there was a major difference among their children. Poseidon and Zeus' children were all well above the age of sixteen, therefore, no longer candidates of the Great Prophecy- and if they found out about Hades' hidden children- "Is there any way at all," Athena was the one who broke the trance of the three as she fixed her stormy gaze at the stoic Oracle. "To prevent such a disaster from occurring? Or else to ensure that the child will choose correctly?" "The choice depends on the person who must choose," The Oracle said in a humble tone that still echoed across the chamber. Even the crackle of Hestia's hearth had muted. "Outside influences may change the mind, but in the end it is up to the child. However," The young lady looked up, meeting the gaze of Apollo, "There is a way to delay it." "An oath," Artemis interrupted her brother who began to open his mouth. She smiled down at the Oracle who smiled back at her. "Something nearly identical to my own. A binding agreement not to sire anymore children." "If this will be put up to vote, let it be known that I agree immediately." Hera said haughtily as Dionysus rolled his eyes in a mock gesture of 'obviously, you would'. "As do I." Demeter shot her son-in-law a look of pure loathing. "It is the wise choice." Athena nodded in agreement. Aphrodite pouted in annoyance. She enjoyed the elder gods' affairs as much as she enjoyed her own. Agreeing to this would mean lesser gossip. Hera shot her a look that made her roll her eyes. Zeus' jaw clenched at the prospect of no more affairs with mortal women while Poseidon took it into stride, looking off in an attempt of nonchalance. Hades seem less perturbed, seeing as he loved his wife very much and the only reason he was unfaithful was because half the year she returned to her mother and left him often feeling lonely. "Very well, we shall vote on this." Zeus tried to be dignified, ignoring the smile forming on Hera's lips. "Those in favor of the Oath to keep from siring anymore children," He gritted his teeth, "Say I." "I." Everyone except Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades intoned. Although Ares coughed into his fist, trying to disguise the subtle statement 'sucks to be you'. The lord of the Skies gave him a glare. "Majority of the Olympians have spoken. The Oath must be carried out for our own safety and protection." Athena intoned gravely, "Father, if you may." "I swear," Zeus grumbled and Hera reached out a hand to clasp her husband's. The grip was tight and the smile on his wife's face wasn't all that friendly. The thunder god winced, "I swear on the River Styx not to sire another demigod." BOOM! The room shook with the force of the oath. "Poseidon." Athena said, not hiding her distaste. "I swear on the River Styx as well." The god of the Oceans said. BOOM! "And not the least, Hades." Stormy gray eyes turned to eldest of the brothers. The lord of the Underworld steeled himself. It would be so easy to defy his brothers and say 'no' to all these foolishness. Either way, his children would most likely be the candidates, and he could use them to finally, finally put his little brothers at their rightful places. "You lost the war Hades," Demeter reminded him, her lips curving into a mocking smirk, "Do not forget that: You. Have. Lost ." Growling, Hades glared at her as he opened his mouth and unwillingly let out the words, " I swear on the River Styx not to sire anymore half-blood ." With one final BOOM! the room quieted. Hestia quietly made the flames brighter as the atmosphere of the Oath settled amongst them. "Well, if that is all, it's best if I be off." Hermes said with a great sigh. "A lot of things to do at the mortal world. Call only if it's really urgent." He stood up and bowed stiffly at Zeus' direction, "Father." The old god waved him away as he vanished on the spot. The other Olympians began to leave as well. "At least this will guarantee several years of faithfulness. I like this year's winter solstice meeting, you should make Oaths like that more often." Hera told her husband as they exited. Poseidon nodded to his nieces and nephews before leaving on the spot, bringing the scent of the ocean with him. The room began to empty until Apollo, Hades, Hestia, and the Oracle were the only ones left. Hades was about to depart, annoyed as always at everyone's indifference towards him when Apollo called to him. "Ah, uncle! Not leaving so soon are you? You only come once a year too!" The sun god said with a wide grin. Hades scowled at him and was about to say something rude when the smile dropped off of the usually cheerful god's face and he gestured to the oracle, "Although, I think you should stay longer this time. My beloved oracle seems to want to say something to you before you leave." "Lord Hades," The Oracle of Delphi said politely as Apollo gave him a cheerful wave and vanished on the spot. "There is something of pressing matter that I must tell you." "What is it, child? I am in quite a hurry." He grumbled impatiently, he had to check on Maria and their children as soon as he could. "It will be just a few words. An advice if you may." Unnerving eyes glanced up at him, both young yet somehow old with wisdom and the knowledge of the future, "Hide them as soon as you can, because the consequences otherwise may not be to your liking." Black eyes widened and Hades' expression became set and serious as shadows overtook his form, effectively transporting him to wherever it was he was going. The young oracle bowed her head and left. She had done what she could. Zeus was watching them. He had been watching as his brother, Hades, powerful lord of the Underworld, nearly beg on his knees to his mortal lover to come with him to the Underworld. He was so desperate to get her to come with him, to bring the children, and to build her and them a palace in the most desolate place in the world. He knew he was hiding something. Zeus snorted. His brother was pathetic. This was why he did not rule over the gods. And as the king of gods, it was his job to ensure their safety. With that thought, he raised his master bolt, preparing to snuff out the existence of both the children and the woman, watching as she turned to go back to the house to get something- "Wait, brother." A gentle voice stopped him, and the lord of the Skies scowled down at his other elder brother, Poseidon. Green eyes were calm, his expression marred by a gentle frown across his features. "What is it, Poseidon? Can you not see that I am eliminating possible candidates for the Great Prophecy?" Zeus said with a challenging tone. "Yes, I can see what you are doing and I know you have thought this through with Athena whilst conversing behind our backs." The king of the Seas in an understanding tone. "However, I still think there is another solution to this." Poseidon said, his sea-green eyes serious, holding his brother's glare. Zeus did not speak, urging him to speak his mind lest he blast him himself. Poseidon conceded. "Why not, make the boy and his sister immortal?" Silence. "What?" Zeus finally growled, as though he misheard. "Hades' children? Immortal?" When Poseidon nodded, the king of gods grumbled in disbelief. "Insanity! You simply do not give immortality away! It is the greatest gift! One must prove himself before he