Author's Note: Have you ever seen the movie Salmon Fishing in the Yemen ? This fic is nothing like that. Happy Haggis-Anniversary to cgner! You said that fake dating is your favourite trope, so enjoy. I've had this fic written since April in anticipation of Haggisversary and I've been dying to post it every day. Goddamn. My apologies to Emilia Clarke. It's nothing personal, and I love you. Salmon Fishing in the Olympics Lily doesn't see him coming until he's right-bloody-there, directly in her face, and there's no escaping him after that. It's Beatrice's birthday, so they're in Beatrice's regular, a place that could be called a dive bar if one were feeling generous, which Lily isn't. More accurately, the pub is trying to be a dive bar and attaining the barest minimum of success. It has everything a person might recognise from the movies: an old-fashioned jukebox, neon light fixtures and various iterations of 'Route 66' on the wall, for that American road trip feel, but this is Islington, not Oklahoma City, and the overall effect is rather ruined by the church garden and the Carluccio's on the other side of the street. Regardless of the aesthetic of the bar, it can't be blamed for the opportunistic sleaze who has chosen to sidle up to her now. Deviants and perverts frequent every pub in London, and tonight is her turn to catch a mouldy old boot while she's fishing for salmon. Not that Lily's on the prowl. She's happily single, thank you very much, but if she wants to wear tight jeans and show off her new haircut, why shouldn't she? Can't a girl be fabulous without every reprobate within a fifty-metre radius assuming that she's all dolled up especially for them? Evidently not. "Alright, gorgeous," he says, and slaps the bar with an unnecessary amount of force - look at me, I am a MAN - not a modicum of subtlety to his mating cry. He crams his large, muscular body between Lily and the bloke on the next stool over, and already his chest is pressed against her shoulder. "I'm Paul. Fancy a drink?" "No, thank you," she says, though not unkindly. "'Course you want one. What are you having?" "No, thank you," she repeats, and swivels her stool in the other direction. He circles her immediately. "What are you doing, drinking all by yourself?" "Waiting for someone." "Let me buy you another drink." "I can pay for my own." "You're not being very nice," he says, yet he's still undeterred. He won't be, of course. Lily can tell by the cut of him, by the way he holds himself, by the offensive slogan on his too-tight shirt and by the obscene amount of cologne he's wearing, or showered in, by the smell of him. Only a tsunami will prevent this clown from thrusting his middle finger directly in the face of courtship. Lily is a self-sufficient woman who needs a man about as much as she needs a knitting needle to the eye, but she's still a romantic at heart. She's seen all the films. She's sighed over Mr. Darcy's rain-soaked proposal and not-so-secretly envied Kat when Patrick Verona serenaded her at school. She has her standards - a salmon , not a mouldy old boot - and men like this are the reason she never waits at bars alone. She doesn't respond, so he leans closer, one hand on the bar and the other coming to rest on the back of her stool. His thumb brushes against the curve of her bottom. "Give me a smile," he instructs. The queue for the ladies' room is really long. Beatrice probably hasn't gotten in yet, and the rest of her guests are in a booth on the other side of the bar. Damn her best friend's unreliable, traitorous bladder. He starts to stroke her back. "Right. No, I'm off," says Lily, and slides off her stool. She can buy another drink later, she thinks, or ask Sirius to get one for her if Creepy Paul lurks by the bar, but he blocks her path immediately, as if he was prepared for her to take flight. He's tried this move before, and failed, she surmises. Why he's trying it again is beyond her understanding. "Where are you going?" he says. She can see the cracks in his jovial demeanour, the slow creep of irritation in his eyes and the downward slant of his mouth. It won't be long before he turns. "Away." "Away where?" "Literally anywhere will do." "I just want to talk." "You can talk to yourself," she says. "Or to anyone else in this room. I want to leave, please move." "Don't be a bitch," he says, really turning on the charm now. "And let me buy you a drink." She rolls her eyes and tries to move past him, but he won't budge, so she circles the stool and tries to go the other way. He blocks her again, bleating an entreaty, and she's seriously considering reaching into her purse and smacking him with her keys when a familiar voice behind him says, "What's going on?" Her aggressor turns around and Lily, impeded by her less-than-Amazonian height, cranes her neck to see past him. James Potter is standing a couple of feet away. He's clearly just come through the door because he's wearing his coat, and his black hair is damp and gleaming in the hot pink glow of the overhead lights, though by no means less chaotic than usual. Droplets of rain cling to his shoulders, and his brow is furrowed in evident concern. If Lily's first thought is thank God , her second is oh God , because what is James Potter doing here and why didn't Beatrice tell her and did he and his perfectly formed jaw step right out of a magazine in that fucking coat or what? But she must focus, because her new stalker needs to be dealt with as a matter of priority. "Hey!" cries Creepy Paul, his tone cheerful. Lily can picture the recognition in his eyes, though she can't see it. "I know you! Aren't you that-" "Are you alright, Lily?" says Potter, outright ignoring Creepy Paul. "Is he bothering you?" Lily is a quick thinker – she has to be, given her job - and she rarely struggles to spot an opportunity. James Potter has just given her one such opportunity. What is she supposed to do, ignore it? "Darling!" she sings, her voice twee. With her overzealous admirer distracted, she's able to push past him, and catches Potter's hand in her own. "I've been waiting on my own for ages!" She hasn't seen Potter in over a year, and he does blink a little confusedly when their hands touch, but that's a momentary lapse from which he recovers nicely. He laces his fingers through hers and tugs her gently out of reach of Creepy Paul. "Sweetheart," he says, as adoringly as Lily could have wished. "I'm so sorry I was late. Was this bloke harassing you?" He's a clever man, that James Potter. A definite salmon. The kind of salmon that needs to be ordered in advance from M&S, the kind that comes with a luxuriant, hand-made dressing and sets you back £40. Lily had a monster crush on him, back when he was a regular teenage idiot who pulled more pranks than he did girls, but she never told him and they've never been more than friends. Nowadays, he's Britain's golden boy, Prince Charming in a pair of spectacles, so famous that he doesn't need to look at regular women twice because he's got a pool of a far higher level to choose from. Nowadays, her monster slumbers, but it cracks open an eye and sniffs the air on the rare occasion that she and James meet, or when she sees him on telly, or on the cover of a magazine, or - okay, maybe during her Google searches, which are more frequent than she'd care to admit. She might have saved a couple of photos. She might have faked a cold to skive off work because she'd stayed up until the wee hours to watch his 200m final, only to end up with a sore throat and some very angry neighbours because she'd screamed so loud when he won. As crushes go, it's not as all-consuming as it was during her adolescence, but the power of lust can only diminish if it's not satiated for ten years. Holding his hand makes her feel a little topsy-turvy, but that's alright. She can use that to her advantage here. "You her boyfriend?" says Creepy Paul. "I'm hardly her fucking father, am I?" says Potter pleasantly. "Oh, right," says the cretin, his eyes widening. "No disrespect, mate, I didn't know." He chuckles. "You should keep better tabs on her." Lily's mouth drops open. "Excuse me?" "She's not a toddler," says Potter. "Maybe you should leave women alone when they ask you to." Creepy Paul looks Potter up and down, and Lily can see the cogs in his brain working furiously - go back to his seat like a good little boy or pick a fight with an Olympic gold medallist. Potter may be a wiry chap, but he's tall and strong, and one hell of an athlete, and Creepy Paul clearly doesn't fancy his chances. He turns and strides off to join his mates, though not before telling them both to go and fuck themselves. Lily expels a sigh when he leaves. Now that problem is removed, there's only the issue of Potter, who is here , inexplicably, having appeared out of nowhere to play her knight in shining armour. Or her salmon in a slightly-damp, cashmere coat. "Thank you for coming to my rescue," she says, with a smile. "Your heroism is much appreciated." He smiles back at her. "You're welcome, although – er – it's not like you need rescuing," he adds, red spots appearing in his cheeks. "I mean, you definitely don't , but it never hurts to have help." "Don't worry, I get it," she says. "I didn't know you were coming tonight." "I didn't either, but I got back from Berlin a day early and Sirius said that you'd be here, so obviously I had to come immediately." Lily snickers at his joke, though the pesky occupants of her stomach start skittering about, unwanted fiends. She swats his arm with her free hand. "Winning a goal medal makes you a smooth talker, does it?" "Dunno," he says, and contemplates the prospect for a moment, "I reckon I'm about five percent smoother than I was before." "Smoother than the bloke who told me I looked like a bear?" "I was trying to tell you that I liked your hair." "With chips in your mouth." "That was the old me. The new me would leave chips out of the equation." He slides a cheeky grin in her direction. "See? At least five percent smoother." "The new you isn't allowed to eat chips because he's an Olympic medallist, so I wouldn't count that as sufficient proof." "I can have chips if I want, I'll have you know. My assistant-" "Your handler." "Fine, Remus lets me have junk food whenever I hit my targets for the month." "And your targets are?" "Depends," says James. "Sometimes it's just training, other times it's 'don't wind me up for a week.' He's drunk on power." "Trust you to drop Remus in it because he's not here," she accuses. "I'm going to have to disagree with you on the smoothness front; I think you're actually getting worse." "But you're still holding my hand." She glances at their entwined fingers. His hand was cold when she grabbed it, but it's warmer now, large and solid, and quite comforting. "You're still holding mine." "I was waiting for you to let go, didn't want to be rude." "I can't let go,