Author's Note: I'm finishing up a multi-chapter at the moment and I'll be posting the first chapter on April 26th (as part of my new approach – finishing every chapter before I post the first one). In between working on that, I took a break and wrote this ridiculous little one-shot. Because I'm way behind the times and have only just discovered Ed Sheeran, I listened to Thinking Out Loud on repeat while I wrote this, which has no bearing on the story (except for one moment) but it's important that I let everyone know just how good that song is. This little piece of silliness is dedicated to two brilliant people. Firstly, to Katie, who asked for a modern AU neighbours fic, and gave me a pretty hilarious list of prompt sentences. Secondly, to Kristina, who told me that only boring stories begin with a character waking up and inspired me to change that for her, and to whom credit must be given for some of the dialogue (and, of course, Algernon). It goes without saying that Algernon is the only remotely magical being in this AU. Cat in a Fifth Floor Flat James Potter woke up in the morning feeling utterly betrayed. "Not now, Algernon," he said to his cat, who was perched atop his spare pillow, not looking for his attention at all. As he swung his legs out of bed and put his glasses on, he remembered what day it was, and dashed to his window. Outside on the street, the movers had already arrived and parked up outside the building. Remus was there, of course, helping them load all his worldly possessions into the back of the van. When he and the movers lifted his piano, James scowled and pulled his curtains closed, torn between worry – should Remus really be lifting heavy objects with his condition? – and righteous anger – serves him right, leaving his mates like that! Righteous anger won out – momentarily. "Algernon, fetch me my phone!" Algernon swished his ginger tail and stared at James with his large, indifferent eyes. "Fine, then," he said, returning to his bed and retrieving his phone from the bedside table. He sat on the edge of his mattress and typed out a message to Remus. Can't believe you're leaving. How could you do this to us? Ultimate betrayal etc. Also should you be lifting pianos? It didn't take long before Remus replied. Don't worry, I was only pretending to lift it, and I'll still come back and visit. Algernon's tail kept swishing in front of the phone. James knew he was doing it deliberately, but it suited him to be thoroughly miserable at that moment, so he didn't move it out of the way. But not every day. Only some days. What happens when we forget to pay the WiFi bill and we need to stream high-quality television instantly? Ask the new neighbours for their password? What you do is this – pay your WiFi bill on time. You've got more than enough money. I refuse to accept this. And I'm putting my foot down. You can't leave or I'll go on hunger strike, effective immediately. The new neighbours already have the keys. It's done. The war is over. "The war is never over," said James aloud, tossing his phone on the bed with a resolute nod. "Right, Algernon. The hunger strike begins now." Thirty minutes later, James was eating a bacon sandwich in the kitchen when Sirius walked in, hair damp from the shower, and made a beeline for the fridge. "Morning," said James, through a mouthful of bread. Sirius grunted in response and disappeared behind the fridge door. He reappeared moments later carrying a carton of milk in one hand and a yogurt in the other, with a slice of ham hanging from his mouth. He tossed his head back, wolfed it down like a dog and licked his lips. "Has he left, then?" "Yeah," said James sadly. "I watched him go from my window." "It's all Pete's fault," said Sirius darkly. He joined James at the breakfast bar and slammed the carton of milk down in front of him like a pro-wrestler grappling with an opponent. "What the fuck was he thinking?" "Moving in with Yoko fucking Ono." "And her lipstick teeth." "Condoms falling out of her handbag." "They were all for show, Peter does not wear Magnum XLs." "And look at poor old Moony, forced to move away," said James, with a wistful sigh. "When he loves us so much." "I dunno why he didn't just let you help." James took another large, comforting bite of his sandwich. "You know Moony," he said thickly. "Too proud. He said he wouldn't take my money when he can earn his own way. I even offered to rent Pete's room as a bachelor pad for Algernon," he swallowed. "But he said that was weird." "It is a bit weird. Imagine if his students found out that his flatmate was a cat." "Better than a rat like Peter," said James glumly. Originally, he and Sirius had planned to seek revenge on Peter for moving in with his cruel, demanding girlfriend, Helena Hodge, and leaving Remus to pay for a flat that he couldn't afford alone. Their scheme was scuppered when Remus walked in on them plotting to leave a goat – that they intended to borrow from a nearby petting zoo – in Helena's scrupulously clean living room, and intervened on Peter's behalf. Remus hadn't ruined all their fun, however. James had flagrantly disregarded Helena's instruction to place a coaster beneath his drink during his last visit, responding only with an enigmatic smile when she questioned his capacity to understand the English language. "So, when are the new neighbours moving in?" said Sirius, in a tone which suggested that Ted Bundy and Nigel Farage would shortly be taking residence in the flat next door. "Moony says they have the keys already." "Any day now, then." "Maybe even today." "Does that give us time for a scheme?" "Maybe not a scheme," said James thoughtfully. "We could squeeze in some light plotting, or perhaps a shenanigan or two?" "That sounds like a plan." "They're asking for it, really, invading such a sacred space." "We'd actually be worse people if we didn't protect it from contamination." James grinned, and leaned towards his best mate. "What do you have in mind?" "This is going to sound really strange, but I'm sure that cat is staring at you," said Mary. "Where?" said Lily Evans, and looked over her shoulder. "I don't see a cat?" "Look down." Lily shifted the box in her arms to her hips and looked at her feet. There, gazing inquisitively up at her, was a large, fluffy ginger cat with big green eyes. "I see," she said. "Hello." The cat responded to her greeting by cocking his head to the side and placing his paw on the toe of her scruffy old trainer. Mary pulled a face over the top of her own box and took a quick scan of the lobby. "How did a cat get in here?" "No idea, but he's certainly not shy," said Lily. She set her box on the floor and bent down on her haunches, holding a hand out for the cat, who immediately snuggled into her outstretched fingers. "Maybe he lives here." "The sign says there are no pets allowed. Perhaps it's a stray?" "Can't be, he's got a collar." Lily slipped her hand beneath the cat's fluffy chin and gave it a quick scratch before lifting the little silver tag that was half-buried beneath his fur. "Algernon." "What?" "Algernon," Lily repeated. "That's his name." "How can you tell it's a he?" "You just can. Look at the size of him, for one. And have you ever heard of a girl named Algernon?" "I think it's a pretty stupid name, either way." Algernon turned his head and hissed violently at Mary just as Lily said, "Oi! Be nice! I think I've just made my first friend in the building." "What? A cat with an affinity for his fellow green-eyed gingers?" "Your human must have good taste," Lily enthused, smiling at Algernon, who had resumed his adoration of her. "Or the rescue centre was fresh out of better breeds." "Don't mind her, she's such a dog person. I'm Lily, by the way." "And I'm waiting to go upstairs," said Mary. "Come on, get up. You can play with your new friend after you help me haul these boxes up to the fifth floor." Algernon suddenly dashed away as if he'd been struck by lightning – so fast that Lily almost lost her balance – and disappeared up the staircase. "Er," said Mary. "You must have said something to upset him." "Like what?" "I don't know," said Lily airily, rising to her feet with her box in her hands. "But I'm sure I can get him to tell me." James and Sirius stood together on their balcony, a small strip of cement and brick that jutted out from the living room and made the building look very fancy to passers-by on the street. The beauty of this balcony was that only two metres of space lay between it and the balcony formerly occupied by Remus and Peter, soon to be occupied by less worthy fellows – meaning, obviously, that items could be thrown from one to the other with ease. The plan – and admittedly, it was a rather inelegant plan – was to throw a stink bomb at their neighbours when they opened the balcony door. Originally, they had decided to reuse the goat plan, but realised they had no time when James went into his bedroom and heard sounds of movement from the flat next door, thanks to paper thin walls, and the fact that he'd been listening through a glass tumbler. Luckily, Sirius found a stash of stink bombs – a token of their halcyon school days – in his bedroom, and all was well. They had already been waiting for thirty minutes, but it didn't matter. People who moved into new flats with balconies always opened the balcony door and stepped outside as soon as they could; it was a rite of passage. "What if they see us?" he said, struck by this sudden thought. Sirius shrugged. "Why would they see us?" "Because I left my cloak of invisibility in my secret lair," said James flatly. "Because we're standing right here!" "So, we'll duck. They'll be too freaked out by the stink to check." This sounded like flawed logic to James, and he was about to open his mouth and say it when the balcony door slid open and he heard a voice, a woman with a soft Australian accent, say, "I'm just taking a look from the balcony." "Do it," Sirius hissed, and pushed hard on the small of his back. On the other balcony, a dark-haired woman stepped out, arms wrapped around her chest, facing away from them. James held out his hand, on the palm of which sat a tiny, harmless-looking plastic vial of green liquid, opened his fingers, and… Algernon came out of nowhere and barrelled into his legs, throwing him off balance. He cried out in terror and grabbed Sirius' long, luscious hair to keep himself from falling into the street. Luckily, the balcony wall was high enough to save him from plummeting to his death, but the stink bomb was not so lucky. It slipped through his open fingers and fell to the ground, several storeys below. "My fucking hair!" Sirius cried out, and shoved James away from him, gripping his head. "I was saving myself!" James hotly retorted, then realised that the dark-haired woman was staring at them with a look of absolute bewilderment. Algernon, the little bugger, had disappeared. "What are you—" she began. "Welcome to the building!" James trilled. He grabbed Sirius by the arm and dragged