Author's Note: Firstly, I just want to apologise about the lack of update on Filthy Animals. It was meant to be up today, but I was really low on editing time during the week and there was a scene that I still wasn't happy with right up until this afternoon - unfortunately I am also quite unwell at the moment, so didn't have much energy to work on it. As a result, it has only just gone to beta, and so to make up for it I decided to post part 1 of this fic a little earlier than I expected. This is a four-part fic, and the second part will be uploaded once I have finished posting Filthy Animals completely. This story is set in the wizarding world, with elements of Muggle culture thrown in due to Lily's background. Aside from the fact that this story has a modern setting, there are a couple of other deviations from canon, the biggest being that Lily has no prior relationship with, or knowledge of, Severus Snape. There wasn't a way to make that fit organically into the story, but overall I don't think it matters much. In any case, please enjoy! I've had a blast writing it! part 1 - no more stillness, more sunlight Mrs. Cole comes to Lily that morning and tells her, quite unexpectedly, that she's been fostered again, and will be leaving in the afternoon. For Lily, it comes as a bit of a shock, especially since she had no indication that anyone was interested – in the younger kids, yes, but not in a sixteen-year-old encumbrance who makes people uneasy. She tries to question Mrs. Cole, but gets a vague, nonsensical response, and a few hours later finds herself standing in the main office, meeting her latest new family. While the mostly-silent Mr. Potter has twinkling eyes and a plum suit, Mrs. Potter is unlike any foster mother Lily has ever met – and she's met a good handful of them – but seems happy to encourage the distinction. She has sleek, elegantly-set black hair, wears a string of pearls and says, 'call me Euphemia' to everyone she meets, and Lily can't place her age at all. When she's ushered out of the building and into their car – with minimal fuss, which is strange, because she's used to this process and it should be different – Euphemia joins her in the back seat, instead of sitting in the front with her husband. The car is a Rolls Royce, and it's new. Mr. Potter dons a pair of leather gloves at the driver's seat. "Like a real chauffeur," says Euphemia, smiling girlishly at Lily, as if they're taking a trip to the spa. "I do enjoy a bit of theatricality, every now and then." "You're rich, then?" says Lily baldly. "Yes, dear," says Euphemia, adjusting her necklace. "We've done alright for ourselves." "Is that why you were able to foster me so quickly?" she asks, picking at the cuff of her sleeve, which is chewed-down and threadbare. Children without guardians tend to go without good quality clothing, even in a Good Facility like she one she's been living in for the past six months. That term – Good Facility – was thrown around a lot, particularly by the staff, and the occasional MP, as if a penniless, unwanted orphan like Lily was supposed to feel lucky to be living there. "Why do you ask that?" "Because," she says, and shrugs. "Money can get you past obstacles, and rich people have advantages we ordinary folk don't." "Let's not operate under the assumption that you're ordinary, dear," says Euphemia. She fingers Lily's sleeve. "We'll have to get you some new clothes." The car moves out of the drive, but Lily doesn't turn back for any last, lingering looks. It's only a children's home – an orphanage, if you're in the mood for plain speaking – and she'll be back in a few weeks. No family has ever wanted to keep her for more than a couple of months. This one isn't going to be any different. "I don't need new clothes," she responds, eyes on Euphemia's manicured fingers. "But thank you." "Pardon my vulgarity, dear, but that's nonsense." Despite herself, the corners of Lily's lips quirk upwards. "Where I come from, that wouldn't be considered vulgar." "I'm aware," says Euphemia dryly. "We'll go to London tomorrow and freshen up your wardrobe. New jeans, shirts, dresses, that kind of thing. Shoes, too," she adds, and Lily tucks her scuffed, dirty trainers as far beneath her seat as they can go. "And dress robes. You'll need dress robes." "What are dr—" "Essential, dear, that's what they are. We throw a lot of events that require formal wear." "Right," says Lily, frowning. "But what are dress ro—" "Don't worry about finding an escort, either. I've got two boys your age, and Merlin knows they'll jump at the chance to usher a pretty girl about the place. She is pretty, isn't she, Fleamont?" she says, addressing her husband, who doesn't have a moment to respond before she's off again, smiling at Lily with her white, white teeth. "Quite uncommon. Beautiful eyes. James is going to be quite wild about you, dear." "You think so?" says her husband, chuckling, while Lily tries in vain to come to terms with the name Fleamont. "He'll be catching flies with that big gob of his for a week," says Euphemia confidently. "I'll stake five Galleons on it." "Galleons?" Lily repeats, and she's growing more and more confused. "Like, pirate ships?" "I'll explain everything at home, dear, but first you should get some rest." Lily is about to say that she's not tired – a lie, because she's been sharing a room with five other girls, two of whom snore like rabid beasts – but Euphemia murmurs something under her breath and there's a whoosh of warm, fragrant air, and Lily's eyelids flutter gently shut. After that, she knows no more. She dreams of her father, of how he'd hoist her onto his broad shoulders to pick horse-chestnuts from trees, of the smell of his worn leather jacket, of flowers that open and close in the palm of her hand, of finger paints and an old paddling pool and of her mother dancing in the kitchen, her red hair streaming out behind her like fire. Her senses are still full of that warm, sweet-smelling breeze, and she's never had such a beautiful sleep. She wakes at the sound of a car door opening, and finds Euphemia Potter's handsome, ageless face peering at her from the next seat over. "I'm sorry for sending you to sleep, Fleamont gave me a real telling off," she says, and pats Lily's hand. "But you just looked so exhausted, bless your heart. I've got no concept of personal space, James always says. Tell me if I'm too much in future, okay?" She's still drowsy, and confused, and a small, stubborn voice in the back of her head tells her that this is all very strange, and you should be more worried , but she feels oddly calm, like she's skirting around the edges of a discovery that will make sense of everything again. And Mrs. Potter seems so kind. "Who's James?" she says, and suppresses a yawn. "Why is he catching flies?" "You'll meet him soon enough, dear. We're home, come have a look." Blinking, Lily steps out of the car and into the sunlight, and her heart gives a queer little spasm because she's stepped into another dream. She pictured the Potters in a stylish, imposing townhouse in the centre of a bustling city, but this – a huge, whitewashed stone farmhouse, set amongst an endless expanse of trees, with a bubbling stream and ivy creeping up the walls – this is nothing like she expected. This is straight out of a Jane Austen novel. This is the house of her childhood fantasies. This is a fairytale. Euphemia must notice her awed reverence, for she puts her arm around Lily's shoulders. "It's nice, isn't it?" she says. "Come along inside, dear, and I'll tell you a lovely story." Mr. Potter goes to his office almost immediately – urgent business with the company, his wife says – but not before patting Lily on the arm and telling her to make herself comfortable, and not let those boys terrorise the life out of her when they get back from school. Lily follows Euphemia to the kitchen, her feet echoing on the spotless flagstone floor, her rucksack hanging limply from one shoulder. Euphemia sits her down at the breakfast bar, takes her rucksack and brings it to another part of the house, leaving Lily to sit and gaze at the garden through the large, glass door in the back wall. It's just as lush as the rest of the grounds, bursting with wildflowers, home to a grand old oak, and with the stream cutting right through the middle of it all. She's standing at the door, palms flat against the glass, craning her neck to see as far as she can see, when Euphemia comes back and offers her a cup of tea. She has one, and then another, and is halfway through a bacon sandwich and an airy, meaningless chat about the weather when Euphemia cocks her head to the side, and clears her throat. "I know, of course, that you're magic." A clock ticks somewhere in the background, and Euphemia's face remains impassive, and Lily has to fight to swallow her sandwich. "I'm – what?" she says, her throat smarting from swallowing too quickly. "What are you talking about?" "Magic, dear. Look," says Euphemia, and from a fold within her dress she draws a long, thin strip of wood. She slashes it through the air like a conductor's baton and suddenly the breakfast bar is on fire and Lily is reeling backwards out of her seat, though she can't feel any heat, and her new foster mother is quite calm. "Oh my god," she breathes, both hands pressed against her heart. "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god . You're—" "A witch," says Euphemia. "That's the technical term for it." She waves her wand again and the fire vanishes, and she laughs, a posh, lilting sound. "Sorry about that. Again ," she says, and pockets her wand. "As I said before, I'm quite theatrical. You'll get used to it. Do sit back down, dear." Lily does not sit back down. Nobody in their right mind would sit back down, after that. "I should leave," she says, and her voice is thin, and she thinks of those flowers in the palm of her hand, and of the vase in Mr. Cooper's living room, and of leaping from a swing, as carefree as a bird, and floating to her feet like a feather in the wind. She should be more shaken, and it scares her that she isn't. "I should leave right now. I should be – I should be terrified ." "And yet, you're not," says Euphemia calmly. "Not one bit. Why do you think that is?" But Lily can't bring herself answer that. Her throat still hurts. "How many foster families sent you back?" Euphemia continues, and her tone is light, but her frank, hazel eyes are all compassion. "And your sister? She's old enough to be your guardian now, yes? But she won't have you either. Why?" The mention of Petunia nearly sets her to tears, but she's not going to cry. She never cries, makes a rule of it. "Because I-" She swallows again, nothing but air this time. "Because I frighten them." "Because things happen around you that you can't explain?" She nods stiffly. "How do you know all of that?" "You poor, dear little thing," says Euphemia. "You've grown up believing there was something wrong with you, but you've always been just fine." She stands up