Author's Notes: This has been sitting in my 'in case of an update break' folder for a while and I thought I'd post it now because I got a prompt on Tumblr that suited this really well, and it only required a little editing. It's just a fluffy little thing. Rest assured that I'm still working on Filthy Animals whenever I have time, but it might be another little while before I update because I'm so busy with the website I work for. Kristina has planted the idea of a pun-making James in my head and now I can't undo it. Blame her for everything. (I'm kidding Kristina you're the best) For anyone not in the know, here's a mini glossary. Trolley = shopping cart in these fair British isles. Marmite = a salty brown paste that people eat on their toast, which people either love or despise Tesco = British supermarket chain I've also been made in aware that online grocery shopping isn't a Thing in some parts of America, which is crazy! I haven't set foot in a supermarket for anything more than milk in about six months! Supermarket Sweep The first time James sees her, he's preparing for a date with somebody else. Her name is Elin – the girl he's dating, not the girl. The girl deserves an introduction with more fanfare, a sonnet perhaps, the kind of thing that Chaucer might have written - not that he knows a thing about Chaucer or what he wrote, if he wrote – the kind of thing, really, that James is utterly shit at. And Elin is nice. Elin is very nice, in fact. They've already been on one date, to a restaurant, and if there was a checklist of all the right things a person could do on a first date, she could have ticked them all off with charming efficiency. He liked her brown curls and the way she twirled her slim, elegant hands when she spoke, she'd kissed him after dinner, and he hadn't been nervous at all - which he rarely is, once he's landed a date, because that's enough assurance for him to pick up and run with, but it's a nice bonus, all the same. He's planning to cook dinner at his flat, having kicked Sirius out, and he thinks that this is going to be nice, dating Elin, as he pushes his trolley through the wine aisle and looks for something flavourful – one from the list that Peter gave him because again, James is shit at this kind of thing – and that if everything turns out well tonight, perhaps a third date will be on the cards. Then she appears, and James and Elin are never to be. It's not her he sees first, but her trolley, which rounds the corner at high speed and collides with his just as he's reaching to a high shelf to pick up a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon. She comes after it, yanking a pair of bright blue earbuds out of her ears, eyes widening in surprise. "I'm so sorry!" she says, as his own trolley slams into his hip. "It's got a funny wheel, won't go where I want it to." She's wearing a loose t-shirt and a pair of jeans, her feet in scuffed trainers, with long, dark red hair that's pulled over one shoulder in a thick, messy braid, certainly a far cry from Elin, who works in a hair salon and is always perfectly put together. Her eyes are green, a vivid, stop-and-take-a-second-look emerald, and her cheeks are a rosy pink, probably from the embarrassment of having nearly killed him when she careened around the corner. She's stunning . His brain grinds to a halt, twitching frantically in an effort to get going again, like an animal in a trap, unsure of how it got there or what the hell is happening, but he manages to open his mouth and let the words, "That's alright." tumble out, which feels like an achievement in itself. "Are you sure? I didn't hurt you, did I?" "No," he replies, goodness knows how. "I'm fine, don't worry about it." James has met dozens of attractive woman, scores of them, one of which is the woman he's seeing tonight, but never in his life has he had a reaction quite like this one and he can't understand why . He's a very big fan of monogamy and he's certainly not the type to fantasise about one woman when he's seeing another, and yes, this redhead with her runaway trolley might be the most beautiful person he's ever met, but that doesn't explain why the inside of his mouth has gone dry, or why his heartbeat has become audible. Luckily, she doesn't seem to notice, and slants a smile at him. "Alright, then," she agrees, and nods towards their trolleys, which are still touching. "They seem to like each other. Should we give them some privacy?" He laughs - an anxious, ridiculous sounding thing - and thinks to himself you fucking idiot , but she merely smiles and moves on with her trolley, tossing a final apology over her shoulder. After that, James is pretty much doomed. His date with Elin goes terribly, which is understandable, because James's head is full to the brim with Trolley Girl and he burns the lasagna. That's only the first of a series of missteps that send her out the door before 10pm with a frosty goodbye, and leaves James certain that he won't be getting a third date. He doesn't even want a third date, which is the worst of it. Trolley Girl knocked a bruise into his hip and Elin out of his brain. He texts Sirius after she leaves and tells him the night has been a bust, so he comes home from the pub early to gloat at his best mate's failure, only to be disappointed when James isn't remotely upset - well, perhaps a little, but only because Elin deserved better than the minimum of his attention. He can't help but feel guilty about that. He's supposed to be better than this. His mum raised him better than this. He and Sirius watch Casino Royale with a few beers each and a pizza that Sirius bought on the way home - the leftover lasagna isn't fit for human consumption - and James doesn't mention Trolley Girl. Sirius will think he's mad, or worse, a soppy git. He plots, though, as Algernon dozes in his lap and he absently strokes his head. Trolley Girl isn't someone he recognises, and James is sure he'd remember if he'd seen her before. The supermarket is his local, but it's also huge, situated in a retail park, and the only one for miles around. Furthermore, her trolley was piled up with groceries. She hadn't popped in there for a couple of items because she was just passing by, she was doing a big shop, which means she lives in the area, which means she'll probably shop there again. After his third beer, and just as Vesper Lynd drowns herself in the elevator, it occurs to James that he's acting – for want of a better word – creepy. Or thinking creepy, at least, if he's considering stalking a woman through his local Tesco. "I'm going to bed," he tells Sirius, and shoves Algernon off his lap. Sirius grunts in response, and James goes to his room, determined to forget about Trolley Girl, and perhaps convince Elin to give him another shot. But when he does call Elin, it's only to offer an apology for his behaviour and wish her well, and the next Friday sees him back at the supermarket, furtively glancing around in the hopes that she'll turn up. She does, bless her heart, appearing in the frozen aisle fifteen minutes after James arrives, her trolley already half-filled. She must be a creature of habit, which is a good thing – he'll be able to plan his trips to coincide with hers, and a terrible thing – he's doomed to spend his Friday evenings acting like a creep until he gets over this worrying new habit of his. She looks as beautiful as she did last week, gently bobbing her head to the tune of whatever song she's listening to while she considers a selection of ice creams with rapt attentiveness. She's settled on mint chocolate chip when she turns around and sees James, who is moving past her at a snail's pace, pretending to be deeply invested in a wall of frozen pastry. She smiles at him, not a bright, beaming, 'I'm so happy to see you' smile, but a polite, 'we've just made eye contact so I feel I must acknowledge you' smile that is inherently British enough for James to recognise what it means immediately. Still, it's a smile, and it's enough fuel for his sad, needy little heart to run on until next Friday. After that, James becomes a creature of habit himself, showing up at the supermarket every Friday evening to do the weekly shop, and to see her, though the order of importance is never what it should be. It's not exactly stalking, he tells himself. He doesn't follow her around, just passes her in the aisles whenever he gets the chance. He's never tried to follow her outside or attempted to look her up online, and he's never wandered into the toiletries aisle when she's there because some things are sacred. He never would do any of those things. He's not a total weirdo, as he frequently reminds himself. He'd just rather do his shopping when she's doing hers. Sirius notices after several weeks, and asks him why he's suddenly stopped shopping for groceries online, as if anyone who doesn't buy their food online is serving some sinister purpose. "Thought I needed the exercise," James responds, prompting a weird look from Sirius, because they both play football three times a week, and James is in better shape than most people. "And they do better deals in-store." This does nothing but earn him another weird look, because neither of them are exactly short on cash, and have certainly never needed to bargain-hunt. Trolley Girl does, though - needs to or wants to - and gets very excited over 2-for-1 deals on a number of items, particularly chocolate biscuits. Most Fridays, she comes alone, but occasionally she brings another girl with her, and after catching snippets of a few of their conversations, James surmises that her friend's name is Mary. Mary is not, as James had feared, Trolley Girl's life partner, because Mary has a boyfriend, about whom she often likes to complain at the top of her lungs. Mary is almost certainly Trolley Girl's housemate, because James has heard them discuss what they've run out of, and debate the merits of custard creams over chocolate digestives before ultimately agreeing to buy both. Mary calls Trolley Girl by a variety of pet names, including Sweetie, Darling and Honey, but never by her actual name. Mary is not aiding James in his endeavours one bit, but Trolley Girl seems to adore her, which must mean that she's okay. Mary is always the one to push the trolley when she's there, acting as if it's a battering ram, and heaven help any foolhardy shoppers who stand in her way. Sometimes, Trolley Girl clings on to the end with both hands and lifts her feet in the air, laughing as she allows herself to be pushed along, though it's hardly safe. Trolley Girl - and James wishes he knew her name, but imagines it must be something pretty, like Lily or Rose - isn't all that responsible with trolleys, when it comes to it. He really likes that about her. He likes everything he knows about her, which is not much at all, but enough to keep him coming back every week. After seven weeks of