Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight and no copyright infringement is intended. Author's note: Hello everyone! I've been playing around with this idea in my head for a while and thought it might be fun to write it :) This is my first Fanfic so I am kinda nervous about posting this but I hope that you all like it and would love to hear all of your thoughts, comments and suggestions! :) Anyhoo, Happy Reading and please feel free to review and let me know if I should continue this :) As I rose from my slumber I first became aware of the warmness of the air and it's spicy fragrance, reminding me that I had once again fallen asleep in the grass just outside the kitchens. I snuggled in closer to the blanket that someone had draped over me, rubbing my nose against its surface. I took in a deep breath, savouring every spice, every scent that whistled up my nose. The aroma drifting in from the kitchen became so strong that it coated my tongue, teasing my taste buds. Flickering my eyes open, I rolled onto my back and smiled up at the friendly sky above – watching as the birds flew amongst the lazy clouds that gently scattered the sky. "Willa!" I turned my head to the side, my cheek brushing the grass. "Willa, dear!" With a little puff I sat up in one fluid motion – my light blue dress fanning out around me like water. "Coming, Anushir!" I called back to her as I stretched my arms over my head, smiling in pleasure at the way my muscles felt through the movement. Dropping my arms to my side, letting my fingers skip over the tips of the grass I tilted my head back and relished the Indian morning sun. Where we were, there was no pollution – not in the skies anyways, and so when I looked up into the sky my eyes were greeted with the most magnificent blue – a shade of blue that only existed in the minds of book lovers. Today was the last day that I would see this sky - that I would sleep underneath its stars and read under the light of its wondrous sun. Despite living in India, I wasn't Indian but neither was I American, Japanese, Thai or Bangladeshi – I was all of them. For my whole life, I had never spent more than three years in one country. I was a born traveller, a wild wonderess whose bones sang when nature surrounded me, when I immersed myself in rich culture and villages that most foreigners wouldn't dare step into. Standing up on bare feet, I tipped my head back, held out my arms and spun slowly – memorizing the sight above me before it faded forever. The wind nipped at my fingers as I spun, smiled and sang an ancient song in Hindu. When my feet came to a stand still, I sighed at the pressure I felt around my legs and chuckled as small fingers tickled the backs of my knees. "Oh, Vittesh." I hummed to myself with a smile and looked down to see a little Indian boy hugging my legs. "What are you doing out here." I asked gently as I bent down to pick up his small form in my arms. He was so light – so thin that every time I lifted him I was afraid that I would break him. He simply laughed and I rubbed my nose against his little one. "Let's go get you something to eat." I tapped my index finger against the tip of his nose, laughing as he scrunched it up and pinched my very own nose. "You cheeky little fella." I took his small hand in mine as I walked towards the kitchen with him in my arms for the last time. As I looked down into his large brown eyes, filled with the innocence that inspired my own – I felt sadness peck at my heart and I shook my head as I willed the physical evidence of that sadness away. Today was the day I would go to Forks, my mother's birth home. I had never met my father but my mother had always talked of him fondly. A wild prince from various nations like herself. They had met in South Africa though neither one of them had any blood ties to the country. They fell in love whilst doing volunteer work – my mother teaching English and my father, this mysterious, wild wonderer, a volunteer in every essence of the word. But my father, after my birth, passed away to a mosquito born virus and my mother never loved another man. But she loved me, raised me as a daughter of mixed cultures. I attended local schools, which she worked in, helping the other students and villagers during my free time as they opened my eyes to new ways of living. But now, that I had become an orphan – my mother dying from a brain tumor before Christmas, I had no other choice but to return to her birthplace and the place where her older brother, Charlie lived – Forks. Pressing my palm against the wooden surface of the door, it easily swung open to reveal the small kitchen whose aromas flooded my very being. I smiled at the sight of the familiar spices, bread and dishes that the cooks were preparing for the boarders. I walked over to the nearest table and picked up a piece of freshly made naan bread. "Oh, hold on a sec." I soothed Vittesh as he reached for the bread in my hands. Maneuvering him on my hip, I managed to break of a greedy portion for him to eat which he gladly took in his little hands. "There you are," I pressed my lips to his forehead and began to sing him a little Hindu song that the cooks had taught me. My body swayed this way and that as I sang, making the little boy in my arms laugh. "Willa!" Anushir sighed at she captured sight of me in her flour dusted apron. Anushir was both the head cook and had become my mother's best friend here. She placed both of her hands on her hips after whipping her forehead with the back of her hand. "You're not even dressed!" She exclaimed in panic and glanced at the clock in alarm. "Hush now, Anushir." I smiled lightly, "Everything will be alright. I'm already packed." I did a little spin with the boy in my arms, and rubbed his nose against mine. "And what? You think you are going to the airport in a grass stained blue dress?" She raised her eyebrow as she waddled towards me, her long black braid swishing this way and that as she approached. I shook my head, my light brown hair falling over my shoulders in gentle waves. "Off course not, Anushir." I replied lightly and gave her Vittesh. "I have some clothes still laid out." I continued with a smile before placing my hand on her cheek. "You have no need to worry." I soothed. "Okay," She bobbled her head sideways, "But you go and get dressed now. No detours to the lake or village!" She called after me as I skipped through the kitchen – the skirts of my dress swaying as I moved and nibbled on my piece of naan. I skipped, bare foot, across the grass, through buildings and waved to everyone I passed with a smile – my hair swishing this way and that like a tale. I came to a stop outside our small house and pressed one hand on the wooden door and the other on my chest as I slowed my breathing. Taking my hand from my chest, I went to open the door but jumped back when the door opened before me to reveal my best and only friend. "Fitz." I exclaimed with a hand on my beating heart. "Wha-what are you d-doing h-here?" I asked, taking a step towards him and placing both of my hands of his shoulders, and then moved one hand to cup his cheek. "Well now, you didn' think I'd let you leave without saying goodbye, now did ya?" He asked, tapping my nose. I caressed his cheek with my thumb, having to go up onto my tiptoes to do so. Fitz was a lot taller than me, a lot smarter and a lot thinner. Whilst he encouraged neatness, intelligence I showed him how to be wild, to be adventurous. "Off course not, Fitz." I whispered, going higher up on my tiptoes to kiss his cheek. Just as I stepped back, he placed his hand over mine – the one that rested on his cheek and stroked it with his boney thumb. Fitz was the son of a diplomat and. He was always neat – his brown hair not a strand out of place. He wore stylish suit pants and shirts which he always tucked into his pants, shirts that never had a crease nor stain on them. "You best hurry, little Willa, you've got less than five minutes before the car comes." My eyes widened slightly in surprise and I quickly dropped my hand to the side. "Yep." He nodded as I kept on staring at him with wide eyes – my cheeks going red in panic. Despite what I had told Anushir I hadn't packed, I hadn't – "don't worry," Fitz said gently, placing both of his hands in his pockets. "I've already packed for you." I soften my eyes in gratitude and kissed him once more on the cheek. "How am I going to live without you?" I asked honestly, in a gentle voice as I gazed into his bright blue eyes. He shrugged timidly and looked down to his spotless shoes. "How," he swallowed, "how am I going to…" "Hey," I said softly, pressing my finger underneath his chin and applied the softest of pressures to lift his head up so he could meet my eyes. "Everything will be alright." He shook his head, "How am I supposed to survive without you?" My lips parted in understanding, in guilt, in shame. I was Fitz's only friend, the only friend he had ever had in his entire life and now I was leaving him. I had defended him in front of bullies, sat with him in his classes and listened to his talks on physics and mathematics that although I didn't understand, knew made him happy that someone else was listening to what he had to say. It wasn't easy for him, being smart. But it wasn't just his smartness that set him apart, it was his ways – his childhood of always moving – of never looking back and never making friends to protect him from the pain of saying goodbye. I took in a deep breath – the warm air whistling down my throat and coating my lungs. "By believing that we will meet again." I told him before taking his hand in mine and leading him into the now empty house. When we reached what used to be my bedroom, I sat down on the floor, feeling the wood with my fingers until I came across the one I searched for. I then lifted a single piece of wood up and withdrew a small wrapped parcel from within. "I, I w-want you to have this." I told him quietly even though we were the only ones in the house. "So when you ever feel lonely, when you ever feel lost you will know that you are never alone and that you…that you will always be loved." I held out the box towards him, which he simply stared at before shifting his gaze to my childish eyes. "I ah, I don't have anything to give you." He replied with a little voice that made me