Hello everyone! :-) This is my first Twilight fanfic and I hope you'll like it. First of all, I want to apologise for any grammar mistakes. English is not my first language. Second, I love the Emily, but if she'll appear in the story, she will not be Sam's imprintee. Let me know what you think, since I'm very insicure. Bella will be different than the one in the books or movies, but I hope you'll like her anyway. This story is rated M for future mature content. The Twilight characters and world are the intellectual and creative property of Stephenie Meyer, I'm just playing with them. CHAPTER 1 The drive towards La Push had never felt longer. Bella passed the trees she had memorized in her mind during the past months, letting them guide her towards her destination. The only thing in her mind was Jake. Jake. Her best friend. The only person that could make her smile after Edward had left her, breaking her heart in the process. However, lately Jake had been ignoring her texts, her calls. Billy had told her that he was sick, but two weeks had passed and Bella needed to know why her closest friend was ignoring her. Had she done something wrong? Did he get tired of her? She rehearsed the words that she had prepared to tell him for when she would have seen him. Because she had no intention to leave that place until she would have seen him. Would he have pushed her away? Or finally would have explained to her why he had been so distant towards her? She felt anger build in her body when she realized one thing. Jake wouldn't have told her anything. He was part of that gang now. Anger grow at the thought of those arrogant, giant men. However, once the red house appeared before her eyes, her anger dissipated into sadness. She switched off her pickup, without caring about where she was parking, and quickly reached the front door. The rain was pounding, but she did not care. She only had one thought in her mind. She knocked on the door few times, before Billy finally opened. "Bella" he exclaimed surprised, after all, he had been the one to tell her to stay away from Jake. "I need to see him." "He's not here." Billy tried to explain to her, but from the way he glanced at the direction of Jake's room, she knew he was lying. "Billy, I love you like a second father, so I hope you will forgive me for this." Bella pushed Billy away and stormed into Jake's room, ignoring Billy's shouts from behind her. She opened the door, but stopped at the sight in front of her. Jake was sleeping with face on the pillow on a bed too small for his size. His now short hair were messy and he had his mouth opened. If she had not been angry, his snoring would have made her found him adorable. However, those thoughts dissolved in a flash when she saw from the window over the bed four men approach the house. She immediately realized who they were. Their lack of shirt had given them away rather quickly. Before she could think about it, she was already walking out the house, ready to exchange few words with them. "You" she called out at the man in the centre, moving to stand right in front of him. He looked shocked for a second, before he composed himself into his usual stoic face. "Bella" he replied, "What are you doing here? I thought Jacob had told you not to come here." Bella fumed at his words. "First of all, despite what you all believe, this is still state propriety. I don't need anyone permission if I want to come here. Second, he only said that because you made him." "And why would we made him?" Sam asked, slightly amused at the feisty woman in front of him. "I don't know. Why don't you tell me, since he won't talk to me?" "Maybe he just doesn't want to be your friend anymore." The boy at Sam's right replied smugly. "Was I talking to you? Back off." Bella yelled at him and the boy that she recognised as Embry chuckled. However, the Quileute boy glared at her, taking few steps towards her. "What did you just said, Leech lover?" the boy snarled. His body close to hers so she was facing his naked chest. In another circumstance, she would have blushed, but in that moment she didn't care about his state of half nudity. His words had took her by surprise. Why had he called her that way? "Paul," Sam said warningly. "I can handle this by myself. Do not make things worse." "No, she needs to understand that she is not wanted here." Paul stepped forwards and Bella raised her head to glare at him, but she still could not see his face properly due to the high difference. Bella, however, did not let that stop her. Her anger was stronger than her judgment, so she slapped him right across his arrogant face. She obviously didn't hurt him, however she had caught him by surprise and he did not like that at all. "I don't care who you think you are, but don't ever talk to me that way again. I'm here to talk to Jake. I don't give a crap about your opinion. So, like I've said, back off." Bella took few step back to glare at him right into his eyes, but when she looked up, his eyes were closed and he was shaking terribly. Was he having a leisure? The other boys surrounded him with worried face. "Paul, calm down. Bella, walk away." Sam ordered without even glancing at her way. His focus was on the shaking boy in front of her. Before she could told him to not tell her what to do, Paul exploded and at his place stood a silver wolf. "Bella, run!" She did not need to be told twice and she turned her back, running towards the red house. However, in that moment Jake appeared and started running towards her. Worried for her friend's safety, she yelled at him to walk back into the house, but as soon as those words left her mouth, Jacob had jumped and turned into a brown wolf in mid-air. Bella stopped in her track and watched what used to be her friend attack the silver wolf. The two started fighting and biting each other. Bella was too lost watching the scene to notice Embry and another boy grab her arm and lead her into Jake's house. . "Wait, we have to stop them." She managed to say once she saw the door open and Billy with a sad smile beside it. "Relax, Bella." Embry tried to assure her. "Sam will stop them if things get too out of control." "But they could get hurt." She whispered and the boys laughed. "Don't worry about that, Bella. We heal fast" the other boy explained before offering his hand. "I'm Jared, by the way." Bella shake it weakly. "We?" she asked when her brain started functioning again. "Us shapeshifter." Embry explained, taking a sit at the table, where Billy had put some food, probably some left over. "You all can turn into a wolf?" Bella asked. The boys simply nodded since their mouth was full of food. "And you heal faster?" she asked again, earning another nod. "But.. how?" Noticing her confusion and shock, Embry intervened in her help. "We phase into giant wolf to kill vampire. It's our life purpose." "You know about vampires?" At her question, the boys and Billy laughed aloud. "Yes, Bella, we know all about them." Billy told her, offering her a seat. She took it, afraid that her legs would have fallen out at any moment. Few minutes later, the door opened and Sam walked in following by two laughing Jacob and Paul. Bella had her eyes firm on her friend. It looked like he did not have a scratch so she breathed in relief. When the boy noticed her, he smiled softly at her. "Want to go for a walk?" he asked and she simply stood up and followed him. The two talked for a while. Jacob told her everything. From the day he had first phase, to when Sam had ordered him to stay away from her for her safety. At first Bella had been angry, but when he explained to her that newly wolves were famous for losing control quickly, she had relaxed. He was back now and that was all that mattered to her. Jacob had also told her that they had been the ones to kill Lauren, the vampire that had tried to kill her the other day. "So you were those wolves?" she asked and he smiled in reply. "Thank you, for saving my life." Jacob just shrugged, but she could see that his eyes were full of pride. "It's what we do. We kill vampires." At his confession, her mind flashed briefly to the Cullen's, one in particular. Jacob must have realized where her thoughts had gone, because he stopped walking. "You don't have to worry about them. We have a treaty with them. As long as they don't cross our land or don't kill anyone, they can live here." Bella nodded and sat on one of the rocks that where at the beach. "Earlier, you said that you have been having problem with a vampire, how is that?" she asked curiously, reminding that he had previously talk of a vampire that had escaped them few times. "Yes, there is this vampire chick. She keeps coming here, as if there is something that she wants. We have cornered her few times, but every time we are sure that we have her, she manages to run away from us. It's frustrating." Something in his statement caught her attention and made her shiver. "How is she like?" she whispered, hoping that her thoughts were wrong and she was only being paranoid. "She has red hair." "Victoria" she said in a voice so low that even Jacob had trouble to catch the name, but he did. "Of course you know her." He stated bitterly. Bella stood up and started looking everywhere but him. "No, no. This is not happening." She started rambling and Jacob quickly put his arms around her thin frame to make her look at him. "Bella, what's wrong? Do you know her?" "I know what she wants." When she finally raised her head, he saw tears coming down her face. "She wants me. Edward killed her mate and now she wants to make things even by killing me, since she thinks I'm his mate." She quickly explained and Jacob had to call all of his self-control to not phase. That thing wanted to kill his Bella, the girl that he had loved for his entire life, and he was not going to let that happen. "We need to tell the others about this." Bella nodded absently and he took her hand, guiding her towards his house. . Everyone was still there, while all the food had been devoured. When Bella and Jacob walked in, everyone stopped what they were doing to stare at them. For half an hour, Bella explained to them who was Victoria and the story behind the reason she wanted to kill her. Billy, Sam and the boys listened carefully with the exception of Paul, who ignored her, intervening only to make some comments that would have pissed her off if she hadn't been so scared. Once she was done, Sam and Billy started talking about needing to call a meeting with the elders to inform them of the new developing, while Jacob was hugging a very scared Bella. . After few minutes, Bella told Jacob that she had to use the bathroom and