Book I It was dreary night. Harry looked around but saw nothing but darkness. He was in a forest. The place looked dark and wicked. He heard weird sound, looked around and saw a gigantic black snake crawling towards Harry. He was too scared to make a move, instead he asked snake to stay away from him, but instead of talking he heard weird hissing noises coming out of his mouth. The serpent stopped and stared at boy for a while, then he hissed in a low, gloomy voice " So you're a parselmouth ",hissed snake at Harry but he understood clearly what snake was saying. " I'm sorry, Parsel-what?" " Parselmouth, repeated snake, very rare ability only few wizards can brag about, ability to speak the language of snakes" explained the snake. " You must be very powerful wizard, added snake ". " A wizard ?"Asked harry surprised. Snake slightly nodded in answer. " My name is Harry by the way, Harry Potter. What's your name? ". Said a boy to the black predator. " Maybe you'll give me one, when we meet again ". Suddenly Harry heard nasty voice screaming almost in hysteria"WAKE UP! WAKE UP!" – Yelled aunt Petunia. Harry got dressed as soon as he could and went to kitchen. Uncle Vernon was reading newspaper, when he realized Harry's presence, he ordered him to wash dishes. If uncle would be satisfied with results, then Harry would be allowed to eat. Harry wanted to tell about his strange dream to his "family", but he decided it would be better to keep his mouth shut. After eating yesterday's leftovers aunt Petunia ordered him to trim bushes. Harry obeyed. In the process of trimming Harry heard a hissing sound coming from the bush near, just like in his dream. Harry quietly hissed "who's there?" without even realizing that it wasn't English. Little green grass snake slithered out of the bush hissing in low voice. Snake told him that he thought there was no more parselmouths left after Voldemort's decay. Parselmouth, that's the second time boy heard the word parselmouth. And who the hell is Voldemort wondered Harry. So there was a bit of truth in his dream after all. Right after the little conversation with snake Harry heard strange noise from above; he looked up and saw beautiful owl flying over him. The owl was holding envelope in his claws, which he dropped right into Harry's hands. He read address on the envelope written with a green ink. Letter was addressed to Harry. At first he thought this is some sort of joke, Harry had no friends so there was no one to send him letters. His shock was even greater when he opened the envelope. There was a letter written with a very beautiful handwriting, it says that from now on Mr. Potter was accepted in Hogwarts, School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. In the envelope there was a small golden key and instructions on how to get to Diagon Alley where he would be able to buy all necessary stuff for school. It also said that his parents left him quite a fortune. When everyone fell asleep, he took little key and left the house. When Harry saw the Diagon Alley for the first time, he stood petrified as he looked. He never saw anything like this before. As instructed in letter he headed to bank Gringotts. Imagine his shock when instead of witches and wizards working in the bank, he saw tiny, not very pretty creatures, goblins. Unsure, Harry came close to one of them and showed him the key. Goblin looked at the key for a while and then called his fellow goblin Griphook, asking him to take Mr. Potter to his vault. Harry took a ride down the caves, when they finally reached his vault goblin inserted the small key into the huge door. Harry's jaw dropped as the door opened. Of course they mentioned about a 'fortune' his parent left him, but giant piles of golden coins, is not what he expected. "You need money to buy school stuff, don't ya"? Asked the goblin. Harry nodded in answer. Harry took the gold from the vault and left Gringotts bank. First in the list he needed new robes, magic wand, books for school, and a pet. On the way to Madam Malkins shop Harry noticed a pet shop. He went in curious about how magical pets look like. There were owls, toads, rats and snakes. Nothing attractive really, as Harry entered the shop he went to the tall man standing over the white owl. "Excuse me sir" started Harry "Do you have anything unique? Unlike what other students usually buy". Man looked with interest for a second and then spoke "I do indeed, but I doubt young man like you would be able to afford it" said the shopkeeper. Harry looked at him at a second and then gave him a smirk. "Show me what you have" said Harry in rather sure voice. "This is 'Void Phoenix'". Said the shopkeeper. They have rather unique abilities, their tears can heal any wound, they have few songs that can calm and hurt or either kill the victim. Once they bond with their master they become inseparable. It means he will be your familiar, but if you bond with phoenix you won't be able to have other familiars. Only the strongest wizards have the power to contain more than one familiar. Harry nodded and took the phoenix as he paid for him 350 galleons. "From now on I'm gonna call you Umbra (Means darkness in Latin)" stated harry, his phoenix nodded in understanding and rubbed his head against Harry to show his affection to his new master. Umbra seemed to like Harry. Harry was about to leave the shop when he saw ginormous black snake. He looked like exactly the snake from his dreams. Harry came closer to the snake and spoke " You? But how is this possible? I saw you in my dreams ." Said Harry. " You are a speaker " Asked snake jerking his head up towards Harry's. " As you can see I'm speaking to you " Said Harry sarcastically. " You see? There's a reason why you saw me in your dream. There's a rather strong connection between you and me. If you allow me I shall become your familiar, your closest friend and loyal servant ". " Thank you, but I already have familiar he's name's Umbra he is a void phoenix " blurted out harry without noticing that people started staring at him with awe. " The fact that you have a void phoenix as a familiar is quite impressive speaker, but however that doesn't mean you can't have another one " hissed snake excited. " But I was told even powerful wizards don't have more than one familiar. " Said harry in asking tone " You're very powerful yourself, if you let me become yours we will double your power, you'll be more powerful than you could ever imagine " said his hissing friend. " If it is possible I agree " said Harry and the moment he gave him agreement he felt powerful magic rushing through his bones and veins, one he never felt before, bonding with Umbra felt nice, but this was something different. "Excuse me sir" called harry for shopkeeper once more. "How much does this snake cost? I'm taking him" shopkeepers eyes widened in awe. "Mister Do you realize that that is Inland Taipan, most venomous magical snake after Basilisk?" said shopkeeper slightly shaking. "I don't really mind" said harry certain. "Well then it costs 50 galleons young sir" Harry paid the said amount and left the shop with his new best friend on his shoulders. As he passed people kept staring at him in shock and fear. Harry went to the Madam Malkin's robe shop for all occasions. As he entered the shop he saw pale boy with platinum hair standing on the stool, as Madam Malkins was measuring him up. She looked at Harry as she entered, and asked politely "How can I help you boy?". Said madam who didn't notice poisonous snake hidden under Harry's cloth. "I need new clothes for school" replied harry in low, shy voice. "What colors would you like?" asked Madam. "Two emerald green robes, three black with hood and some winter clothes preferably grey, silver black and green, finest material". Said Harry. "Very well boy, stand over there". Said Madam Malkins pointing at the stool near the other boy. Harry hopped on a stool and looked at the boy. "Getting new robes, huh?" said boy in a cold and frigid tone. "Yeah, it's my first year in Hogwarts" replied Harry. "My name's Draco, Draco Malfoy, Which house you want to be sorted in?" asked Draco. "I don't know" replied harry honestly. "Nobody knows, until you get there, but I Hope I'll get sorted in Slytherin". It is best house in School said Draco. Harry did not know much about houses in the school and he didn't know what to say to Draco. "My name's Harry by the way, Harry Potter". Draco's eyes widened, he was in a shock. "Harry Potter? I didn't knew I'd meet you, you're quite famous" said Draco. "I'm sorry, how am I famous?" said Harry. "Are you serious? The whole the-boy-who-lived thing." Harry looked at Draco with amazement in his eyes. He never heard of any of these before. "My Parent's died when I was young, I was raised by Dursleys, and they're muggles so I didn't knew anything about magic two months ago". Draco looked like a fish with his mouth open. "Well that's quite a story, It must be worst thing go live with muggles" said Draco. "Yeah, they're worst of their kind" replied Harry half-grinning. Draco and Harry shook their hands as Draco promised to teach him everything about wizarding world, Harry agreed of course, he never had a real friend before apart from his new snake familiar who he named Naga and his void phoenix Umbra. As they left the shop Harry and Draco went to buy their magic wands at Mr. Ollivanders shop. They walked down the street and entered the store. Mr. Ollivander took a close look at new customers. "Came here to buy wand for school I suppose?" said Ollivander in a rusty old voice. " No we came here to buy some food, stupid human " hissed Naga silently causing harry to chuckle a little. "Yes sir, indeed". Ollivander went back to bring the wands as Naga jerked his head " Master tell him to create the wand using my venom and Umbra's feather for the core. Magic of the wands here are unworthy of your might and power. I'm sure you felt that too ." Hissed Naga as Draco swallowed hard and backed a little. "Who's that" asked Draco who looked rather terrified. "This is Naga" replied Harry. "But snakes are not allowed in the school" said Draco. "I think that this is no ordinary snake" said man standing behind the Draco "He is your familiar isn't he?" asked pale blond man. "Harry, this is my father Lucius Malfoy and this is my mom Narcissa Malfoy". Said Draco. "Nice to meet you sir". Said harry shaking cold hand of gentleman. "Famous Harry Potter, It's an honor to meet you young sir". Harry smiled kindly. Ollivander gave to a Draco his wand and now turned to harry. Ollivander opened his mouth as harry interrupted him "Mr. Ollivander I'd like to ask you to create wand for me using my familiar's venom and feather." Said Harry to Mr. Ollivander "Of course sir, if you please, but I must admit, I didn't knew that snakes had feathers." Said Ollivander smiling slightly "Of course they don't have feathers sir, I was talking about my second familiar, The Void Phoenix" stated Harry, silent fell as everyone including Draco was