Alianna receives her first quest from Reyna. She should've said no. The clock stopped ticking forever ago. How long have I been up? I don't know. I can't get a grip, but I can't let go. There wasn't anything to hold onto, though. If Alianna had understood, when she had been asked to go and retrieve the golden pendant, that what she was really being asked to do was literally climb a mountain and run from danger, topped off with being trapped in a town they weren't allowed to leave (Alianna still remembered to question Reyna when they got back), with a crying partner that was really the reason everything was so difficult in the first place, she would have said fuck no . But she hadn't understood. That was why she had ended up in a rickety little boat (really, it was too nice to call the piece of driftwood that, but Alianna felt a strange sense of sympathy for the rotted piece of wood that was the only thing keeping her from being dragged into the water below and felt as though it deserved an official title (she named it Convenient)), getting tossed about by the vengeful waves of the ocean while her best friend laughed her head off in hysteria while sobbing in terror simultaniously. Alianna was not pleased with her situation. She had trusted Reyna enough. Trusted her enough that it seemed reasonable when the words honor and glory and retrieval mission were spoken. No words passed through her lips about the dangers this mission would hold, as if she purposefully kept that information hidden in fear that Alianna would reject the quest. The whole situation just reminded her of a television ad, where they gloss over the problems of the product. That was just screwed up. In the beginning, when the fiasco had barely begun, Alianna was wishing she had never been born. Usually it took a few months into a project before the prayers for oblivion started. She secured her rain jacket tighter around herself before hunkering down further, trying in vain to ignore the feeling of icy seawater sloshing around her legs and soaking her jeans and dress-curtain, clenching her jaw until it veins popped and her teeth felt like they were about to shatter to keep her teeth from chattering. Her nails dug into the soggy wood, curling under the pressure she put on them until her joints creaked. Damn , wet jeans were a pain in the ass. They were going to be a bitch to walk around in when this was all over. (That is to say, if they got out of this alive.) The argument could be made, of course, that worrying about something as trivial as the state of her clothes was nothing but an exercise in pain and futility. Alianna had pitched that argument to herself a few minutes ago, actually. However, it gave her something to focus on to prevent her from having an anxiety attack or going crazy with worry. She couldn't just enjoy the feeling of being tossed about by the waves and be pleased with the high that came from the adrenaline rush; she'd leave that shit to nutjobs like Claudia, who seemed to have a penchant lately for thriving off of the near-paralyzing thrum of fear. This whole quest stood out as a lousy investment, even from the start. Your average demigod had bad odds of survival, but paired with this quest (or any quest in general, really) and there were no odds at all (the number of demigods that never came back from little adventures like this spoke for itself). The sensible thing would have been to question the assignment more. The sensible thing, in fact, would have been to refuse the quest outright and return to bed, cuddled up with three blankets and remain blissfully unaware of the terror and chill that currently gnawed at her bones, their combined efforts making her shake so hard she feared she would jump right out of her skin. The sensible thing didn't seem to have anything to do with it, though. (Claudia pointed out that she wouldn't know sensible if it slapped her in the face. Alianna retorted by saying that Claudia wouldn't know sensible if it stabbed her in the heart, but regretted her choice of words when the golden-haired girl gained a thoughtful look on her face. Alianna cursed her graphic imagination.) For reasons completely unknown to Alianna, she had accepted anyway, running from street to street with her best friend while the two of them tried to figure out a way to get to the Athens in Greece. She had accepted immediately, with no second thoughts, and was therefore screwed. But she was getting ahead of herself. That was the end of the quest, not the beginning. All things considered, the quest had gone off reasonably well compared to how it decided to take a major nose dive near the end. Her disgust for public transportation had reached a new level when her hand brushed the unidentifiable sticky thing underneath the bus seat, found something that looked suspiciously like a condom tied to the railing next to her head, and a middle-aged man sniffed her hair (she decided to let go of all the times that people accidentally brushed against her butt or groped her after the number reached seven), but they still were able to hop on a plane and take it to Evia. The people on the second-class plane were questionable (the man speaking in low tones into his cell phone while he pulled his hat low over his head to cover his face, the woman trying to discreetly light a cigarette), but left her alone for the most part, so the trip wasn't all that bad. Claudia had pulled out a well-worn deck of cards and they chatted about war game consistency and their mutual hate for Octavian and whatever, even getting into a heated debate about what the best way to kill him and skirt by with minimal discipline from Reyna, only stopping when a flight attendant came by and said, "I'm sorry, could you please keep it down? We have received complaints from other passengers." And then, blushing all the way down to her shoulders, Alianna sputtered and apologized, Claudia awkwardly throwing her two cents in every few words, repeating her like a selective echo. So in addition to everything else, they walked off of the plane with everyone thinking they were part of some sort of murder conspiracy or a weird-ass cult. Alianna made a mental note to not take that flight back to America. "Hey, Alianna," Claudia said, getting her attention as they walked along a port. Her hair was a mess - tangled and frizzy, being blown about by the wind. Alianna doubted that hers looked any better. "We should get hot chocolate when this is all over." They were looking for a boat, or, better yet, someone with a boat who could take them to the Athens, but were so far having no luck. They had jumped right on the task after snatching a quick snack from a quaint little cafe-like place before going on their way, despite Alianna's insistence that they should at least rest until the next morning before continuing on. It definitely wasn't because she didn't feel prepared. There was absolutely no vertigo that nearly swept her off her feet when thinking about what would happen if, by an off chance, she didn't complete this quest. Nope. None at all. On a different note, the promise of hot chocolate really did sound good right now. The air was cold and both hers and Claudia's ears and noses were pink from the chill. Alianna gave Claudia a smile in response to her idea, grimacing when she had to swipe a lock of hair out of her mouth. "Sounds good." Claudia popped her knuckles with her thumbs, looking out over the port. "I would kill for some super-caffeinated hot chocolate right now." Alianna suppressed a laugh and raised her eyebrows at her best friend. "I didn't know that was a thing." "Oh, it is," Claudia reassured, giving her a crooked, dimpled smile. "And you need to try it. It's like coffee in disguise. But not. It's not-coffee coffee." This time Alianna did give a short laugh. "That doesn't make sense." "Maybe not to you." Before Alianna could get away, Claudia had trapped her in a headlock, rubbing her knuckles against her wild hair while Alianna squawked in protest and tried to bat her away without luck. "You're just a kid." Then Alianna did get away with a well-placed elbow to the gut. "I'm not a kid," she protested, trying and failing to flatten her horrifically tangled hair. She winced and stopped when her fingers pulled on a particularly thick knot. " Right ," Claudia said, sarcasm coating her voice. "Because eleven is such a mature age." "You're only thirteen!" Alianna said, cheeks alight with an angry blush. "Quit acting like you're an adult! You're still a kid, too." Claudia pulled on her cheeks in response, sticking out her tongue. Before Alianna could swat at her again, she danced out of the way, let go of her face, and grabbed the beads from her pocket, putting them around her neck. "Not with this on," she cooed, batting her eyelashes. Although Alianna couldn't see it, being a demigod and immune to the Mist, the jewelry Claudia had been gifted with allowed her to look the desired age to mortals. As far as they knew, a twenty-something year-old woman and her "little sister" had bought the plane tickets and boarded the plane to Greece. It was godsdamn creepy . "Come on, Audi," Alianna said, giving the older girl a playful shove. "You know that thing gives me the creeps. Take it off." The legacy of Apollo blinked at her. "Take it off?" She spoke in the way that said she had an idea, which really couldn't end well for either of them. "Take it off," Alianna repeated, feeling a twitch developing in her brow. "It's weird to see old men hitting on you." Her nose wrinkled when she recalled the many older men coming up to her shy friend and trying to flirt with her, ignorant to the fact that the blonde girl was really a young teenager. The grin that Claudia gave her looked absolutely predatory. "Exactly." A look caught between confusion and disgust warped Alianna's features. "What?" Without bothering to answer, Claudia turned on her heel and marched away with a confident sway of her hips - a walk that did not belong to any young teenage girl. ( Big sisters can be so mean sometimes, Alianna reflected. And weird. ) There were a few people out on the port in the windy afternoon; most of them middle-aged men (or older) with muscled arms and mean scowls. Alianna did her best to pick up her pace and stay in stride with Claudia as the older girl went up to a fisherman with dark, suntanned skin that was pulling his anchor from the water. Claudia fixed the green knitted scarf wrapped around her neck and did her best to straighten her hair before speaking up. "Excuse me," Claudia said, voice shaking just slightly with nerves. The legacy of Apollo was a terrible liar, but out of the both of them, Alianna had to admit that the older girl was better when it came to things like this. While Alianna could distract people or find a scapegoat when she was in trouble, Claudia was able to sweet-talk people into getting things she wanted. The man looked up, doing double take at the disguised teen (who was currently tucking the beads underneath her scarf) before straightening in attention. A shiver of revolution crawled down both girl's spines. The man looked like the typical sailor, if albeit neater in appearance. A short, black beard, weathered