Introduction: Hello people of the Hunger Games fanfic board! 8D This is just a tiny writing project I'm working on for fun, but thanks for clicking on this story. As you can see, there's no form to fill out. That's because this is not a SYOT, and all of the characters (big or small) have been created by me. But I hope you read and enjoy the fanfic anyway! Now, on with the fanfic. Stories from the 2 nd Hunger Games Chapter 1: The Reaping, Part 1 ~District 1~ It was that time of year again: Reaping Day. The citizens of District 1, along with the citizens in the other eleven districts gathered in their town square, waiting for their district's mayor and escort to arrive onto the stage to begin the proceedings. "Like, omigod, would they just hurry up ?" a blonde girl with blue eyes whined in a valley girl's accent as she stood around with the other seventeen-year-olds. "Like, this is so dull and boring! I'd rather be shopping or like, getting my nails done!" While the girl continued her mindless ranting, District 1's escort, Whitney Vincent, walked onto the stage and approached the two glass balls, each containing the names of the boys and girls (separate, of course) eligible to compete in the Hunger Games. "Alright, let the reaping begin!" Whitney announced, to some applause. "Ladies first!" The Capitol woman stuck her perfectly manicured hand into the glass ball on the left and dug around in it for a moment, before extracting a tiny slip of paper. The town square was so silent that the crinkling of the paper unfolding could be picked up by microphone as Whitney called out a name. "Diamond Tiara!" "And like, I just want to-whaaat?" the blonde girl finally fell speechless as all eyes fell to her. "Like, what?" Diamond's jaw hung open while Whitney scanned the crowd in search of District 1's new female tribute. Diamond could see her fifteen-year-old brother, Silver, smirking at her from the cluster of kids several yards away from her. "You've just been reaped," Silver said, rolling his eyes. "Get your ass up there, idiot." "Screw you, Silver!" Diamond yelled, angrily shaking her fist at him before she started heading for the stage. She passed thousands upon thousands of people before finally ascending to the stage. "Ugh, like, whatever!" "Well okay then!" Whitney continued, relieved that Diamond finally made it onto the stage. "Now, over to the boys!" With that, Whitney dipped her hand into the second glass ball and pulled out another piece of paper. "Oh…oh my God…" the escort trailed, staring at the paper in shock upon opening it, while the crowd waited in suspense. "Silver Tiara!" Now it was Silver's turn to be stared at. He was equally shocked as his sister, and he actually had to be nudged by a boy behind him to prompt him to approach the stage. Diamond smirked and stuck her tongue out at Silver when he did get up onstage. "Oh my, what do we have here?" Whitney commented, glancing from Diamond to Silver. "A brother and sister going into the Games together! What are the odds?" Silver shrugged while he locked eyes with Diamond, while Whitney added, "Any volunteers?" The town square remained quiet. "Well alright then," Whitney said. "Ladies and gentlemen, there we have it. Our tributes from District 1!" The national anthem signaled the end of the reaping for the district, so Whitney turned and ushered Diamond and Silver into the Justice Building. ~District 2~ Murmurs ran through the crowd in District 2 as the country's national anthem sounded. A short, plump man from the Capitol named Randall Templesmith stepped up to the microphone and glass balls holding the names of potential tributes. District 2's mayor, a tall, slender woman, and District 2's mentor and victor of the first Hunger Games, a short but slightly muscular teenager, stood behind him. "Hello, District 2!" the escort's voice boomed into the microphone and echoed throughout the town square. "You all know the drill. It's time to pick our tributes!" Most of the chatter in the crowd stopped while a name was drawn from the first glass ball. The Capitol man held the slip of paper in his powdered hands and paused, intentionally giving off a moment of suspense, before announcing the name. "Regan Speare!" Everyone turned their heads towards the pack of seventeen-year-olds, fixing their eyes on a petite, brunette girl with green eyes. The girl said nothing, only staring straight ahead as she patted down her forest green sundress as she walked through the crowd to walk onstage. Her new mentor grinned and brought her in for a hug while Randall perused the glass ball filled with the boys' names. "Regan! Hey girl!" the mentor greeted, beaming with pride. "This is going to be so awesome mentoring you! You're going to win for sure!" "Hey Viola," Regan responded, returning the smile after being expressionless upon being reaped. "Thanks." The girls stopped and turned to Randall, just in time to hear the name of the male tribute. "Caius Kent!" Regan let out a small gasp as she watched the ex-boyfriend that she was still in love with, another seventeen-year-old with light brown hair and blue eyes, as he emerged from the crowd before joining her onstage. Worry flashed across Caius's face, but he kept it together for the sake of looking decent in front of the people of District 2. Regan smiled with admiration at Caius's reaping outfit, a white blouse with light blue corduroy jeans made to look like dress pants, and white dress shoes. Regan's mind was buzzing with thoughts as she exchanged glances with Caius. Awesome! Now I can spend some time with Caius! Oh, we're going to have so much fun before the Games begin! And then maybe we can be allies in the arena! This will be great! Regan's thoughts trailed off as their escort patted both her's and Caius's shoulders. "Yes, I know you two will be in good hands with Miss Duke over here as your mentor," Randall said, giving a friendly gesture to Viola. "May the odds be ever in your favor!" Regan turned to smile at Caius, who gave an awkward but friendly smile back. Their faces were projected on the giant television screens surrounding the stage momentarily, before they turned and headed inside the Justice Building. Their families entered the Justice Building shortly after to say goodbye to their kids, while the rest of the crowd scattered. ~District 3~ The children of District 3 arrived at the town square and filed into clusters of their respective age groups, while the mayor, the escort, and a few other people from the Capitol walked up the tiny steps that led to the stage. The people onstage greeted each other with handshakes and salutations, while those in the crowd glanced at one another with uncertainty. There was a slight tension in District 3, as opposed to the calmer atmosphere in Districts 1 and 2. The anthem played, as it was in every district, drowning out most of the chatter among them. Finally, the anthem slowly died down, as the escort took their spot in front of the two glass balls. Starting with the glass ball containing the girls' names, the escort plunges their hand towards the bottom of the ball, with some of the slips of paper flying around as the escort swiftly pulls their hand back out, holding one paper. They clear their throat while unfolding the paper, and soon the female tribute from District 3 is revealed. "Aimee Cornwell!" The crowd remained silent, so silent that crickets could be heard chirping in the background as a tiny, skinny girl stepped out of the fourteen-year-old section and made her way onto the stage. She was so short that almost nobody could see her until she was finally standing next to the escort in front of the microphone. She had a frightened look in her eyes, but she remained calm as she smiled weakly for the crowd. She then turned towards the escort, just in time to hear the name of her district partner, the male tribute. "Oliver Claude!" A group of thirteen-year-old boys turned to another boy in their group, who just gulped as his eyes nearly bulged out of their sockets. He was standing completely still, frozen by shock. He could feel all eyes on him when he finally regained movement in his limbs, allowing him to gently push through the crowd to join Aimee and the others onstage. Oliver was so terrified that he couldn't be bothered to hide it, and the rest of the crowd saw it. They knew he was pretty much a goner. "Do we have any volunteers?" the escort asks, temporarily breaking the silence. Only that question left more silence. "Well, that answers my question. Ladies and gentlemen, our District 3 tributes!" Minus a few faint claps towards the back of the crowd, anyone could practically hear a pin drop because of the crowd's utter stillness. Slightly embarrassed, the escort sheepishly scratched their head before turning and leading Aimee and Oliver into the Justice Building. The escort went on ahead, but Aimee and Oliver paused to turn and take one last glance at District 3. Aimee gives a small wave to her friends who were lingering in the crowd, before the two disappeared inside the Justice Building. The Panem anthem starts up again, and Peacekeepers are ushering away citizens who are still hanging around the area. ~District 4~ "Hello, District 4!" The waves of the ocean crashed along the shore behind the Justice Building of District 4 as the sun beat down on the citizens. District 4's escort, a short Capitol woman with blue hair, blue eyes, and skin almost white as snow, stood on the stage before the citizens. She was dressed in a royal blue, frilly, sequined dress that barely grazed her knees, complete with blue six inch heels, silver dangling earrings, and silver bracelets high up her arms. The microphone picked up small clink s as her bracelets clanged against each other while her arm reached into the first glass ball, the girls'. Everyone was leaning forward with anticipation, some excited, and others nervous. Everyone held their breath as the female tribute was announced. "Emmaline Lyons!" Everyone turned their heads and watched as a lightly tan fourteen-year-old with brown hair and almond eyes stepped out of the crowd and approached the stage. She was patting down her sky blue blouse, matched with her white skirt and wedge heels, as she took her spot next to the escort, who was already rummaging through the boys' glass ball. Emmaline could see the name on the slip of paper as the escort read it out. "Cedric Kenner!" Two clusters of people stepped to the side, clearing a path for a rather nerdy-looking boy who was huddled with the group of thirteen-year-olds. Shaking with nerves, the boy pushes his thick, black, rectangular glasses up as he slowly walks through the crowd. He is about halfway to the stage when another boy, tan and twice the size of the first boy, charges from the pack of eighteen-year-olds and darts through the crowd. This boy shoves the smaller kid out of the way before leaping onto the stage, now standing alongside the escort. "Why hello there! What's your name?" the escort asked, smiling at the boy. "Cyrus Slash," the boy answered, returning the grin along with a toss of his dark hair. "By the way, I volunteer." The original chosen tribute sighed with relief and ran back into the crowd. "Well great! We're always looking to see volunteers for the Games," the escort responded, patting Cyrus on the shoulder, while her other arm rested on Emmaline's shoulder. The escort paused for a moment to see if any girls would volunteer, before continuing, "Ladies and gentlemen, our District 4 tributes!" The escort was met with