Niall's POV: I arose from my slumber, a foul mood plaguing the depths of my inner-circle. I have not been courted nor engaged in coitus for many moons, and it is having a dire effect on my disposition. I stroll to my en-suite bathroom, turning on the shower before disrobing. The hot jet of water sprayed on to my tight abs, each splash serving to wake me up further than the one it followed. I hope today I will finally lay a woman. (Niall's Outfit: im gur a/yRi Pm (Remove spaces)) Harry's POV: I woke up on the couch, my eyes fluttering open as I adjusted to the familiar surroundings. What the Hell happened last night? I licked my lips curiously. Yes... there was certainly a metallic taste left behind... I wonder just whom my victim was? I jumped out of the couch and did some starjumps, showing off my extreme catholicity to no one in particular. I thought I could hear my twin brother bustling around upstairs. He was likely just out the shower. The mere thought of my adorable brother soaked like a sponge, his skin moist to the touch... It sent a shudder down my spine. Bad thoughts, Harry... I need to stay pure. I am Catholic, after all. Though of course, it was dear Uncle Rosco who first stole away my childlike innocence. I suppose I was never really the same after that Summer in the lake house. (Harry's outfit: cgi/set?id=220038320) Niall's POV: Once I was disinterested by the shower, I step onto the tiles, the cold of the floor barely affecting me. I reached for a towel, before I suddenly realised that I had left my towel down-stairs in the laundry room. Cursing my very soul, I stepped from the bathroom gingerly, observing to see if my blinds were open. It would only fuel my ego to see another woman faint due to my manhood, and today I feel entirely pessimistic. Stepping out onto the landing of my mansion, I quickly glance about me, making sure that my twin brother does not see my epic form, for it may blind him with jealousy, and that would only add fuel to the raging fire that is our dysfunctional relationship. He was not there, so I descended the stairs, my god-like pecs on display for any stray eye. I reach the hallway off of which branches off my living room (where my low-life of a brother tends to manifest), the laundry room just ahead of it. I walk in front of the living room doorway, and freeze. Harry's POV: I took a peek out the window to my left, and observed the overcast day. It was sunny. Except for the rain. I nodded to myself, before bringing my wrists over my head and giving a sexy stretch. The bones cracked satisfyingly. I suddenly felt a pair of eyes scorching my back, which caused me to whippp round with a dab. I lowered my arm, my eyes narrowed as I caught sight of... of...,,.,... of... Holy shit. "N-N-N-N-Niall?!11?" I screamed, my voice cracking as I took in the magnificent sight that stood before me, not even a tea towel to protect what little modesty he had left. That hotdog was fine. Niall's POV: There stood a partially naked Harry, his member bulging in the skin-tight speedos, his black socks giving him a classical edge, his chest rippling under his bright pink, sparkling beyoncé shirt. His nipples poking through, now that I thought about it, it was quite cold, his member still looked promising though. He lets out a shrill screech that I suppose was meant to be my name, I glance down at his glorious member once more, before running back down the hallway. Harry's POV: "Niall!" I screamed again, tears welling in my globe sockets. I didn't know what to do. I tried to run, but the floor was wood and my socks had no grippy things. I fell right on my face, my tight ass in the air. I caught a glimpse of Niall's own naked booty as he charged around the corner, heading for the stairs. Suddenly, I felt an almost primal instinct from deep inside my kidneys. It was like something in me shifted .,, My eyes turned a deep, fluorescent violet, and I was suddenly harder than I'd ever been before. I groaned, getting to my feet. "Niall!" I screMEd again, more pleadingly this time. I prayed he would turn around and come back to help me. He was my twin, after all. My one and only brother. Except for the other 3. I rolled on my back, crying tears of blood (Because Harry's a vampire, this happens quite often) I was now a wet, bleeding mess on mom's white carpet. Niall... where art thou? Niall's POV: I sprint around the corner, hearing my brother cry out, but my embarrassment gifts me with momentum and I continued on. Reaching the stairs, getting halfway up before falling back down, my supple flesh bruising like a fresh banana (thankfully my own banana stayed relatively unscathed). A manly, boisterous scream escapes my lips as I am tumbling down the pyramidic structure that is my stairs. I hear Harry gasp as my muscled, handsome scream reaches his ears, and I pray to the one and only Michael Jackson that I do not pass out. As my head makes swift contact with the floor, my entire universe goes completely and utterly black. Harry's POV: I heard the most sickening sound amongst my many manly screams. The sound of my precious twin brother cartwheeling down the staircase, and then his own glorious screams… I sure do love it when Niall screams. Always have. Suppose I better go check on him. Even if he ignored my own desperate pleas for help. I stood up, covered in blood and shit (not literally), and made my way out of the living room slowly. I was still hard AF but whatever. I came across Niall laying sprawled out at the bottom, his right arm twisted in a sickening fashion. "Niall?!" I screamed again, my voice dropping several pitches before shooting up and through the roof. He didn't respond. I crouched down, prodding his cheek as more blood poured from my sockets and onto his perfect face. Shit. Maybe it was for the best that he was knocked out. Can't let him know that I'm a motherfucking vampire. I stood up, about to wonder what the hell I was going to do with my unconscious twin. Perhaps I should take him to the hospital, his arm was… Fuck. That same, primal urge took over once again. I stood over my brother, the sweat beginning to pour off me almost as much as the blood was. My toned legs were shaking, and my eyes were burning. Fuck. Bad thoughts.. Coming back… Niall's POV: I returned to the black abyss, my mind drifting through the nothingness, before I come across a scene. My brother Harry is sitting next to me, but it's not me because I'm looking down at us, his arm around other me. I think we were watching a movie, but I couldn't tell, I was distracted by the humongous tenting in his grey trackie bottoms. Other me was obviously interested in this certain development also, other me's eyes constantly going down to where the member was making a teepee in the soft material of his fancy pants. Harry notices and moves his phalanges down to other me's wrist. Other me immediately creamed. Harry whoops with laughter, and forms a fur suit. Other me screams and stabs Harry in the face with the knife that suddenly appears in his hand. The knife in his face only spurs Harry on, and he starts to jazz hand vigorously. I can feel myself becoming aroused. Harry's POV: Niall was twitching furiously, so that was a good sign. At least he wasn't dead. I looked around, my heart thundering, the blood proceeding to ooze from every possible orifice. (Basically vampires have breeding periods, and Harry just happens to be going through his right now, it makes him bleed and be super horny k) I considered my options. Of course, the most logical response right now would be to go upstairs and shower and maybe jerk off in Niall's bed. Or, I could… He looked so helpless, lying at my feet. So defenseless. Hard to believe he was older than me. My mind kept screaming at me to walk upstairs. But my feet stayed firmly planted to the ground, my eyes fixed on Niall's cute little white ass. It was now or never, Styles. I gingerly eased Niall onto his back. He gave a cute sort of groan as our skin made contact. I was surprised he hadn't woken up yet. Though he seemed to be having some good dreams. I closed my eyes, picturing the way dear Uncle Rosco took advantage of me that fateful Summer day. I loved him, still. And I wanted to show my brother the very same love. Even if he wasn't able to consent. I kissed my bro, but unfortunately, I didn't really have much experience, so my mouth was kinda like a vacuum he was being sucked into. I nutted right there and then because DAMN, I'd been dreaming of this moment. Fuckin' ruined my speedos. Oh well. I remember Louis telling me something a long time ago - that sometimes, just being with someone made him feel less broken, and more loved. Like he was worth something. And… and dammit, Niall was worth so fucking much. If this was the only way to show how deep my love for him truly was, then so be it. I'd be that hero. The one to save Niall's life with my penis, as sweet old Uncle Rosco had done for me. Niall's POV: Suddenly the dream shifted, and I was other me, and the knife and fursuit were gone, and Harry was kissing me. Well, he was more sort of sucking on my face, but it was heaven. I never want to wake up. I felt something moist on my thigh, but it was actually quite pleasant. My mind was grappling with it's attraction and own sense of morality, this was my brother, but it was a dream, so that's fine right? I felt powerless to stop it, so I guess I could just blame it on him, does this count as rape? Could I sue? I'm going to sue. Suddenly, the dream melted away, and I realised that I was on the floor, naked, with my brother crouching over me. He was sucking on my face, and I felt something solid press into my lower abdomen. Wait… MY BROTHER IS SUCKING ON MY FACE. "What the fuck I am very against this and do not consent in any way." Harry's POV: "Shut the fuck up, you utter gimp and accept my tender love." I continued hoovering Niall's face while he screamed for the Lord to save his very soul. Silly Niall. The Lord would never help a sinner. Yeah, I found that shit in his web history. Niall was struggling too much. I decided to do what any loving brother would do in such a situation. I cast a vampire spell onto him. He was now under my control, and I could have all the fun I wanted. I'd learned this very trick, of course, from my dear uncle back in the summer of '98. Good times. I'd make Niall feel good, too. "I fucking hate you, twat." I murmured, because that shit gets me off. Of course, Niall just stared up blankly, a dazed kind of look in those cornflower blue eyes of his. "..Piece of shit." I grumbled, pulling out a KNIFE. Sure, he was under my control and everything, but it made me feel safe. Niall was a pro wrestler, after all. He was already nakey, so I chose to