Begin at the Beginning Killian POV It's about 2:30 in the afternoon when I close up shop and head out into the cool fall air, noting the sun's position as it begins to lower toward the horizon. Days have gotten shorter, which always makes me feel rushed, like I haven't done enough and there's so much left to do. My whole life makes me feel like that. Too much to do and not enough time, even with all the time in the world. A branch snaps to my left, and I glance toward the tree line as a large russet wolf walks past. I nod to him, then lift my arms above my head, stretching my muscles and preparing for a run. I tug off my shirt and head to my truck, then strip down and toss everything into the backseat. As I walk toward the forest I let the wolf break the surface, and in a moment's time I'm on all fours without breaking stride. Leaping over a fallen log, I see my father take off and rush to join him. Hey son, how was work? His voice sounds in my head, along with the others greeting me. Easy, I shoot back after acknowledging my packmates. All low maintenance work. I'm heading to Port Angeles in a bit to check on some parts for that VW I'm fixing up. I can almost see my father's grin through our connection. I fixed up a VW once. Called it Rabbit. Went from chasing down her parts to chasing down actual rabbits. I know this, of course, and I chuckle as we leap over another log in sync. Dad raised me on stories of mechanic work, and I always knew I'd follow in his footsteps. In everything. It's my duty, but thankfully I enjoy every second of it. He stops and turns to face me. I start to run past him, but stop and turn. I tilt my head to the side. What's up? I'm proud of you, son. The pack has remained strong since you took over two years ago. I shrug my massive shoulders as best I can in the wolf's body. I'm honored you thought me ready. It feels good to be Alpha, and it's easy to be strong when your pack is strong. Feelings of pride and warmth come through the connection with the others, but the feelings from my father are the strongest. You have always been ready. I didn't plan to end my calling so soon, but I couldn't keep it from you any longer. And your mother wanted me home more. I snort with laughter. Yeah I bet she did. Listen, I gotta get to town before the shop closes. Patrols are set? I hear the affirmation from my pack, and nod to my father. I'll see you tonight for dinner. He nods at me, and I make my way back to my truck, shifting at the tree line. Dressed again, I hop in and make my way toward my cabin to shower and change. As I go through the motions I think about what my father said. It's good to know that he's proud of me, that he thinks I've been leading his people well. The past decade has been rough with the Silverclaw pack constantly on our heels, but he's trusted me to handle that situation. It's an honor I can't describe. My world is anything but average. My father is Jacob Black, and has carried the titles of Warrior, Alpha, and Chief for many years, as well as being a husband and father. My mother is Renessme Cullen-Black, a human/vampire hybrid who brought the world of wolves and vampires crashing together when my father imprinted on her. To be their child is to truly be an oddity, but it's the only life I've ever known. My only brother, Charlie Edward, hasn't been around in the last decade. He chose to go traveling with Mom's side of the family while Rosalie, Emmett and their adopted daughter Alora came back here to Forks. In a lot of ways, I traded a brother for a sister and it's worked out well. Alora is a human, and spends much of her time running the behind the scenes areas of the family businesses. We haven't discussed her aging, and I don't look forward to the day we do. I step out of the shower and dry off, checking in the mirror. I leave my hair long, even though it means my wolf fur is long. I don't really care. Mother will sit with me and brush out the tangles and dirt from my coat. Being raised as a wolf has meant my life is very different than a normal man's. We are affectionate creatures by nature, and crave each other's touch. I went to school, and spoke of my mother often. A peer called me soft and I responded by breaking his nose. My family is the world to me, and I won't be ashamed of it. My reflection stares back at me, and I marvel at it. I've grown older, and I look like a fully grown man, but my features likely will never change from what I see now. At 150 I will still look like a 25 year old man, and I'm 28 now. I rub my fingers along my jaw at the stubble that has grown. My father never has to shave, so my mother insists it comes from her side. Again, fine with me. I like the look of a beard, though I remember my brother vehemently cursing it and shaving every day. Heading into my room I throw on a pair of black jeans and an old T-shirt. My leather is waiting by the front door, so I head downstairs and throw it on before grabbing my helmet. Being a wolf has some major perks, and one is never getting cold. My bike never has to be put away. I straddle the back and gun the engine, and soon I'm racing down the road toward Port Angeles, a trip I've taken more times than I can count. The turn into town approaches quickly, and I grin as I gun the bike toward the shop. Riding is freedom, an escape from the pressures of the Alpha title. My reign began only three years ago, but it's not an easy job handling shifter/vampire/human relations. When I was little my father allowed the pack to reveal themselves to the reservation. It was too difficult to hide our secret with more villagers turning. Leah has not been the sole female for almost as long as I've been alive, and their original pack of sixteen has tripled since the showdown with the Volturi. Many phased because the Cullens stuck around, and the Denalis came often to visit. Once my grandparents and their family left, phasing slowed, but since Rosalie and Emmett returned, three more have phased. There would have been no way to hide fifty wolves and disappearing villagers over the last forty years, so my father's decision was the only one that could have been made. Luckily for us, the people of La Push apparently always suspected their legends were true. My pack's secret has never left the reservation, and life has been much easier. Bonfires are bigger than ever with the wolves bringing their parents and siblings, and relationships have grown stronger. Imprinting is no longer a rarity – in fact it's the norm. The thought of imprinting makes my jaw clench, and I hit the kickstand harder than necessary before I swing off the bike. I've seen every human being on the reservation, and in Forks. She must be an outsider. I scoff, and shake off the bad feeling as I step into the shop. Of course the Alpha would imprint outside the circle. I am my father's son. I spend barely a half hour in the shop with the owner. Checking on the order was simple, all the parts for the VW should be in Monday. After exchanging pleasantries and wishing my best to his family, I shake hands with the man and step outside, stretching before I get onto the bike again. I realize I haven't eaten since lunch. It's only 5 and dinner at home won't happen for another couple hours. Wolf appetites don't die, so a trip to that bread place in town won't hurt. I gun the engine and turn onto Main Street, heading down the couple miles or so. Quick bite, grab some water, and head home. Darla POV I pull into the convenience store parking lot at 6:49am and turn the car off, but make no move to slide out. I'm struck suddenly by an overwhelming sense of the mundane. This is my life. I wake up and get ready for the day, stop by the store for coffee and cigarettes, drive to work all day every day, and then I go home and write about everything I wish my life was. It feels silly to write about mythical creatures and fantastical lands but it's cathartic and it's all I have right now. There isn't much room for adventure, but I can sure as hell make one up. When's the last time I even went out? Oh yeah, Cara's birthday…a month ago. Once in a while I get to let loose on the weekends – my friends and I hit up a couple bars or go dancing. But, unfortunately for me, my closest friend started a new relationship, and spontaneity has pretty much disappeared. I don't blame her, in fact, I'm really happy for her. I just hate feeling like I'm stuck in a rut. Glancing at the clock I realize I've just wasted ten minutes feeling sorry for myself. I hop out of my truck and into the brisk late fall air, then hurry into the store. At 7 am the place is relatively crowded, and there's a line at the coffee machine. Day in, day out, it's always the same shit. I need some adventure. Maybe a road trip. Hm… "Can I help you?" My musing is interrupted by one of the store clerks, and I turn to dismiss him when I realize I recognize this one. "Oh hey Tommy," I greet him with a quick smile. My friends call it my trademark "'I acknowledge your existence but don't exactly encourage a conversation" smile. "Nah I'm just waiting to grab coffee. Thanks though." He shrugs. "No problem. Hey, Darla, uhm…" Tommy trails off and I step forward as the line moves, my thoughts already diverted to choosing which coffee I want this morning. Or do I want a cappuccino? "I was wondering…" his voice catches my attention again and I turn back him. I arch an eyebrow. Usually our conversations don't go past pleasantries. "Yeah?" Tommy clears his throat and lifts his chin a little bit. "Would you like to go to dinner with me tonight?" "Oh. Uhm. Well…" Well that was unexpected. I really don't know what to say. I stare at him a moment as my thoughts race. He seems really nice, he can't be that much younger than me, when's the last time I went on a date? I mentally cringe at the memory, then outwardly shrug. Why not? "Sure Tommy," I smile, and I try to make it more sincere this time. "I'm free tonight." "Great! Can I pick you up around 5?" He's already excited, but I'm not too keen on giving my address out to the guy at the convenience store. "How about I meet you there? I have some errands to run after work." Not true, but I figure it's a good enough excuse."Did you have a place in mind?" "How about The Bread Café down the street? It's nice there." "Sure!" Thankfully it's my turn at the coffee stand. "Five?" "Yup! See you later!" And he pushes the cart full of items he's restocking toward the