A/N: It's been a long time since writing a fic. I just went over this one a little before writing a sequel. Go to my profile to learn more. I spent more time on this one then my others. I've been looking for a B/C fic where C is a gynecologists, couldn't find one so I made my own. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight! "The doctor will see you now." Nurse Jenny's voice broke me out of my thoughts. I looked down at the magazine in my lap, closed it, and replaced it to the table in front of my chair. I looked around, ascertaining that I was the last appointment of the day. "Yay." I grumbled and gathered the courage to follow her. Once in the room, the nurse took no time in telling me to get undress and leaving me to do so. I looked around the room and decided I hated it. The bright yellow wallpaper was giving me a headache. Can wallpaper give you a headache? Probably not. Damn nerves were driving me nuts. I should have taken a Xanax before coming here. However, I could just see my mother's face watching the news about a teen driving into a building on her way to get a pap smear due to being under the influence. I quickly undressed and put on the gown the nurse had given me. I shivered when my exposed ass touched the cold metal of the examining table. Stupid backless hospital gowns. Weren't these things supposed to have some kind of mattress on them? Well I guess they would be easier to clean this way. I wanted to laugh at myself; you know you are nervous if you start babbling complaints in her head. I heard a knock on the door; it opened without me giving a reply. "Just need to check your vitals and such." Nurse Jenny seemed like a nice girl. There was no way she was older then twenty-two, and looked like she should still be riding in a booster seat. She had to be 4'10 or something. She pulled out a blood pressure cuff and thermometer. "Well everything looks good. Dr. Cullen will be in to see you in a minute Miss Swan; he's finishing up with his last patient now." I grumbled a reply. I didn't mean to be rude. However, this is the last place that I wanted to be. I blamed my mother. When I was younger, around the age of thirteen my mom finally got the nerve to give me the sex talk. However, her way had nothing to do with talking. She made me sit thru two hours of soft porn. I swore I would be scared for life. She only asked me one favor. Come to her when I started having sex, and that was why I was here. I finally gave it away to my best friend Jacob. We were both virgins, and on my eighteenth birthday, I told him that I wanted to loss my virginity to someone I trusted and loved. I didn't know what the future held. Moreover, I did not want to regret whom I gave it to, and he felt the same. Therefore, that night we gave ourselves to each other. We were only friends and we still are. It was more awkward then anything. I didn't reach orgasm and he lasted all of five minutes. I didn't care thro. He was my best friend and that's all that mattered. My mother was the first person I told, more to the fact, she was also my best friend. Not even five minutes later she was on the phone making a doctor's appointment with the local gynecologist in Arizona. They say you should start getting pap smears on yearly bases when you start your menstrual. However, I talked mom into letting me wait until I started having sex. She understood. Well ok, so I played it mostly on asking her if she really wanted an old man probably in his fifties looking at her eleven year old daughter's private parts. So she agreed. I was pulled out of my thoughts be light tapping at the door. "Come in." I stared at the door waiting to see 'said fifty year old'. Oh. My. God. Literally, this man was a freaking god. He looked to be in his late twenties to early thirties with light carefully styled golden hair. He stood behind the door, smiling, with beautiful sparkling hazel eyes, from what I could tell, his white lab coat covered a toned, lightly muscular physique. I was dumbstruck. "Miss Swan, are you alright?" He smirked coming away from the door. Then it hit me. He was the gynecologists. I felt the tingles in the lower pit of my stomach. I knew I was getting wet at just the thought of him touching me. I clinched my thighs together trying to hold off the floodgates. "Miss Swan?" He asked again, I could hear the smugness in his voice. He knew how he was affecting me. "Uh, hot, I… I mean fine. I'm fine." Smooth Bella, very smooth. He coughed back a laugh. "I'm sorry, I'm just a little nervous about male gynecologists, and this is kinda my first time getting a Pap." I tried to cover, which was not a total lie. This was my first time, and I was nervous, but I was stuttering like a fool at the fact that this man was going to have his hands between my legs in no more then maybe twenty minutes. "That's understandable. But there's no need to be nervous, I can be a very gentle person." So does that mean he can be rough too? I guess this might not be so bad after all. He seems nice enough, and truthfully, I'd have him between my legs over a fifty year old grandpa any day. "The first thing I'm going to do is check your breasts for any tumors or lumps. If I'm squeezing too hard, or hurting you in any way, just tell me." I took a steady breath, trying to calm my nerves as much as I could. He laid down the file he had in his hand on the counter by the so-called bed. He came towards me and stopped when he was standing right between my legs. I could feel his hot breath on my neck as he leaned over me. His hands went to the ribbon that tied behind my neck. I gasped slightly as his cold fingers brushed my heated skin. I hissed through clenched teeth when my breast were hit with cold hear, my nipples almost betraying my arousal. He looked at them, and then he looked at me. My god I swear you could die from embarrassment. The awkwardness of the situation was going to permitly dye my cheeks red. "Would you like me to turn up the thermostat? It is rather chilly in here." I shook my head. "That's fine, doctor. I feel fine."I bit my tongue to keep myself from saying anything stupid. I wanted the earth to open up and swallow me whole, where was a hell mouth when you needed one. And why in the hell was I so nervous. I mean he is just a man. I'm sure he has seen thousands of virgins and boobs before. I'm just saying….it's his profession. I was hoping—silently pleading-for my nipples to return to normal. Dr. Cullen nodded. With a business-like air, he palmed my left breast, kneading it, looking for lumps. I savored the feeling and tried to keep my breathing even, as he applied the same attention to my right breast. "Would you lie down for me Miss Swan?" His voice seemed rougher. Was I affecting him, as he was me? "Bella, call me Bella." I bit my lower lip as I lay back on the coat, feeling goose bumps when my backside touches the cold metal. I pulled the gown back up, trying to cover my exposed breasts. I watched as Dr. Cullen pulled the chair in between my legs. I bit back a moan when I felt him hands on my upper thighs. "Just scoot to the edge of the table for me." I did as I was told and watched as he pulled out the stirrups and placed my feet in them. I looked up when I heard him chuckle. "You're going to have to spread your legs for me Miss Swan." I blushed when I noticed that I still had my legs clenched together. "Relax Bella." He placed his hands on each of my ankles. Slowing dragging them up to where my knees were together. "I won't bite." I let out a sigh that sounded more like a moan when he spread my legs apart. "There you go." I wanted to groan when he placed his hands back on my upper thighs. I swear that if I knew any better, I would say he was teasing me on purpose. Oh my gods! I scrunched my eyes closed and fist my hands trying not to moan out as I felt his burning hands trailing further up my thighs, dragging my gown with it. I was getting extremely turned on, without him even trying. I heard what sounded like a cross between a growl and a moan come from Dr. Cullen when he finally looked at my clean shaven pussy. Holy shit. Please do not tell me he can see my arousal. Please don't let me be wet. Not here. Not now. Anywhere else, but not here! I heard him clear his throat and slip on a latex glove. I tried with all my might to relax. His gloved fingers gently prodded around the entrance to my vagina. I stared at the ceiling, counting to one hundred. "Oh." I moaned when I felt him enter. His finger slowly going deeper. Is this how it's supposed to be? Does every woman feel this way? The knots in my stomach were winding tighter and tighter and my breath was getting ragged I heard his breath catch but he didn't stop. I tried with everything I had not to jerk forward so I could force more of him in me. Once he added another finger and started to probe around I knew I wasn't going to be able to hold off. Just the thought of him giving me an accidental orgasm brought me closer to the edge. When my body started to shudder and rock, I felt him bring his fingers all the way out and thrusting them all the way back in, and that was my undoing. "Oh, god!" My hands went to the side of the coat to hang on while I thrust myself on his amazing fingers. After I calmed down my breathing, I still kept my eyes close. Silently preying he would just leave the room and forget about the exam and maybe I could forget I just orgasm while my doctor's fingers were in my pussy. I could still feel him inside me. Not moving or probing, just there. I could also faintly hear his ragged breaths, almost in sync with mine. "I'm so sorry Miss Swan." I bit my lip to keep myself from moaning in disappointment as he removed his fingers. I finally gathered enough courage to open my eyes and look at him, only to notice a horrified look on his face. I suddenly felt guilty. He was blaming himself, when it was just as much my fault as it was his. "It's okay. I'm not mad at you Dr. Cullen; it is just as much my fault. Please don't blame yourself, I really didn't mind. I mean, I just-" I cut myself off before I could further embarrass myself. "Do you want me to continue?" He whispered, his voice was deeper than before. I was confused by what he meant until I felt his bare fingers skimming up and down