Hello again, lovelies! I'm back and this time with a new chapter from the new and updated story. This chapter has not been edited yet and I would really appreciate me if you told me about any typos etc. I would also love to get some feedback on my new way of writing and on the chapter, of course. I'll try my best to update regularly. Happy New Year's! For the new readers: I posted this story back in 2012, but after reading through it recently, I found that my writing has developed (at least, I think so) and so I decided to renew every chapter and post it again. And for the record, English is not my native language but I'm trying my best. As soon as I've jumped out of the tub, I quickly slip on some pants and the warmest sweater I could find. To have the luxury of turning on a tap and having a limitless supply of hot water at our fingertips feels surreal. In the old house, the one in the Seam, all we had to bathe with was a small, wooden tub which my mother had to boil the water for it to be warm. To save time and warmth, I often bathed in cold water. A lot of things have changed since I came back and Prim, my mother and I moved into the brand new house in the Victor's Village. For instance; We're not short on food anymore, nowhere near going hungry, really. I make my way down the stairs as quietly as I can, avoiding the step that squeaks every time. Entering the kitchen, I can't help but peak out the window. It's snowing lightly, just white powder snow. Through the occasional falling snowflake, I can see a flicker of light in Peeta's kitchen and I know he's up baking. Pulling on my old leather boots with a small huff, I straighten my back and grab the already-packed game bag. I'm still not used to the light, non-creaking door of my new house. It feels abnormal, strange. But somehow, it also feels safe. I'm safe. I'm home. Peeta and I survived against all odds and my new house is just one of many things that keep reminding me of the terrible horrors I've been through. That Peeta and I and all of the other hundreds of children have been through. All of the other children that didn't make it out alive. The wasted lives of the innocent children - those who were killed merely for entertainment to the Capitol residents - affects me more now than ever. Now that I've participated in killing some of them. The thought makes me sick to my stomach. And it's almost strangling when I walk through town. Those who knew me as nothing more than the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Everdeen now know me as Katniss Everdeen The Girl On Fire, one of the victors of the 74th Hunger Games. And their studying and curious looks only makes it worse. It makes me feel hunted, makes me feel like a prey. But not an innocent prey, more like a murderous prey that is just unlucky enough to be under someone in the food chain. It makes it hard for me to breathe. Reminds me everyday more than my new house, that I'm here now for the sake of twenty-two children who were just as unlucky as I was. They're dead. Gone. Their loved ones will never ever get another chance with them again. It makes me sick and I have to swallow down the nauseating feeling in the pit of my stomach. All of these thoughts haunt me every single time I walk through town which I, unfortunately, need to do now to eventually reach the familiar woods at the outskirts of the district. Just like now. I can easily spot the young toddlers, staring after me with wide, curious eyes as I walk past, but I pretend not to notice them. I also feel the burning stares of some of the merchants, but I pretend not to see them either. It isn't until I spot the familiar fence that's supposed to keep us locked up like a flock of sheep, that my body finally allows itself to lower my guard and to breathe normally again. My legs pick up the pace automatically, getting instructions from my brain that I didn't even register myself. I nearly break into a run, eager to get away from all the whispers and judging stares, and it takes nearly everything in my body to suppress the urge to flee. My ears, that are nearly expertly trained by now, sharpen as soon as the fence is close enough for me to touch. But I don't. Because, still after all these years, this is not something I can allow myself to be sloppy with. Just one tiny mistake can end with a fetal outcome. When there's no evidential hum of electrical current going through the metal chain, I duck through the opening at the bottom of the fence. My breath lingers in the air, creating a tiny cloud of fog. The winter is fully blooming in District Twelve. It doesn't take me long to locate the hollow tree hiding my bow away from prying eyes. I wander around between the trees, checking up on the occasional snare I pass. After I came back, I'm free from compulsory school and I have a lot of time on my hands. And with Gale working in the mines every day except for Sundays, the task of checking the snares has fallen on me. The trek to check every snare is long. It takes a lot of energy out of me. Both because of the cold and because I haven't spent nearly as much time in the woods as usual these past months. The new fur coat from Cinna is excellent at keeping me warm, but it's heavy and makes it a task to move around. I ponder taking it off, but I know I will catch a cold for sure. By now, my muscles are clenched tight against the cold. My joints are stiff because of my slow pacing and the bitter cold. I've already been in the woods for an hour and I have yet to attempt some real hunting. My family and I have no use for it now. We have more money than we know what to do with. But Gale and his family depend on today's haul and I have absolutely no idea if he'll make it out here today. As soon as the thought of hunting has crossed my mind, my hunter experienced ears pick up a distant sound. Slowly turning around, I spot a doe about thirty feet away from me, carelessly munching on a tree branch. Quietly, as quietly as I can manage, I step closer. Each step is carefully measured, carefully placed. I crouch behind a huge rock, big enough to disguise body from my neck and down. Inhaling deeply, I focus my eyes on the soon-to-be dinner as I pull an arrow from my quiver. The doe still has no clue that I'm near and I count this as an important advantage. Taking another deep, calming breath, I draw the arrow. I aim for the target, making sure the shot will be deadly. Finally firing, I watch as the arrow drills through the air but there is no way I am prepared for what happens next. The doe makes a loud screech as the arrow pierces through its skin and this exact thing brings another memory back to me. It reminds me so much of Marvel's yell of surprise and pain as my arrow went straight through his skin in the Games. It feels so real that I find myself back in the arena, still distraught from seeing Rue wounded. And then I scream. I throw the bow away from me as if it had just burnt me. Another strangled scream escapes me as I scramble away from the stone but bump straight into something behind me. The worst-case scenarios run through my already messy mind. "Hey, hey. Catnip, it's okay. You're okay. You're safe, Katniss." Gale. I turn around faster than I think I could, throwing myself into his arms. He crushes me tight to his chest, rubbing my back comfortingly. Our friendship has been strained since I came back from the Capitol. Different. We barely spend time together anymore whether it's hunting or spending time in the Seam. "I… It… The Games, I-" I gasp out, still struggling to catch my breath. The memory was so vivid that I honestly felt like I was back in my worst nightmare, having to experience it all again. "I know," Gale whispers and pulling away to hold me at an arm's length. "I know. But you're safe now. It was just a doe. Let's get you home, okay? And we can check up on the rest of the traps on the way back." So that's what we do. I'm still shaken up, still afraid to close my eyes for more than a second so Gale decided he would carry the doe alone. I put up a pathetic fight of protest and soon gave up, knowing I wouldn't be much help anyway. We walk and Gale points to an occasional snare, and I go to check it wordlessly. This continues until we have three rabbits, two squirrels and the doe. That's when Gale decides it's enough and suggests once again that I should get home. But I don't want to go home. I don't want to go back to my new house and be reminded of what happened in the woods. Don't want be reminded of my nightly terrors. I can't stand the thought. So I don't go home. Telling - or more like demanding - Gale to take the doe and two of the rabbits with him home, I decide that I'm going to trade. Going to the Hob is one of the last things on my mind then because I don't know how many more stares I can take today. That's why I find myself outside of Mellark bakery. As my mind registers where I am, I'm consider running away before anyone discovers me. But then I scold myself for even letting the thought cross my mind. I have been doing this for years now and this shouldn't be any different. And as I tell myself this as a mantra, I knock on the back door. Fortunately for me, it is Mr. Mellark that opens it. He looks pleasantly surprised when he sees me - I haven't stopped by to trade for a while - but he grins nonetheless. If he notices that the squirrels were caught in a snare and not killed by my bow, he doesn't let it show. He smiles softly as I tell him that all I need in return is some cinnamon rolls to take home for my sister. I'm still not entirely ready to go home by the time I have said goodbye to Mr. Mellark and to my own surprise, I decide to stop by at Peeta's. Although we're acquaintances now, I still haven't stepped a foot into his house. Peeta seems just as surprised at my sudden visit when he opens the door. "Katniss! Hey," he greets me and rubs his neck awkwardly. Again, the thought of fleeing crosses my mind. I smile stiffly, "Hi. I… I went hunting today. We still have something left from when mother went to the butcher two days ago and I thought… That you maybe wanted a fresh rabbit?" It feels weird talking to Peeta again, especially when I'm the one who has taken the first initiative. It feels even more surreal to be this formal when talking to him. After sharing so many intimate moments together in the Capitol, you should think we would be at least friends