Author's Note Ok…first off I will tell you, this story is not your typical LOTR story. It is very AU. Very AU in that it involves connections between our world and Middle Earth(ME). But I'll also tell you what it's not. It's not a Mary Sue. This is no "fall into Middle Earth and into Legolas's arms" story. Our world is maintained throughout and written as is, and ME is maintained throughout and written as is. Both are connected and important in the lives of the characters. This story is huge, epic even, and stretches over about 4 or 5 years in the lives of a few characters in this world and several characters in the other world. At times you will need family trees and written character lists to keep it all straight. Later on, I may provide one. At times this story is not easy to read. It is rated M for a reason. There is very strong language at times, much violence(including murder and torture of children), intense torture scenes, sex(not too graphic), rape(again, not too graphic), incest(same rules apply), drug use(intensive, heroin addict drug use at times), alcoholism, child abuse(sexual and physical but mostly just implied), and basically anything and everything you can think of for which a movie could get an R rating. Why, you may ask? Not just for kicks. Because it is part of the story, and it is necessary to include it ALL to maintain true to the story. Nothing is just stuck in for the heck of it. There is a purpose to everything that happens. But if any of that upsets you, you may not want to read this story. Sorry, but I'm not watering it down. If you can handle all that, by all means please read my story. On this one, to be honest, I'm not expecting many readers. I wish that wasn't the case, but I have to be realistic. But I'm not writing it to attract readers. I am blessed enough to have loyal readers on my other, more mainstream stories. I am writing this for me, and for the people who know the story already. For them, and for me, this is something that needed to be written. It is very important to us because…so much has gone into it. FYI….many characters in this story are VERY closely based on people I know. This story has been written over the course of many, many years. Enough said. If you are: Kaniie, KWS, Trio, or Gildoleniel; this story is for you. I love you all. Begin, stranger, but do not expect a fairy tale…not everything goes as planned and not everything ends happily but the journey is always worthwhile… Life ain't always beautiful, but it's a beautiful ride-Gary Allen Right so…I don't own LOTR but I love it to death…seriously…more than I can say….and all original characters belong both to me and the people I know that they're based on. And a lot of this story is original characters so really…most of it belongs to me. My name is Jennifer Harmin. I am 18 years old. Or so this calendar says. It counts in days, months, years that I have walked this earth. I am, and am not, as it says. If you take my soul into account, I am millions of years old. I have lived lives out while this world slept, waiting to be brought to life. I am 18 years old, and I am not. My life has not been what it would seem. In these past 5 years I have had a lifetime, a world inside a world, and I am far older for it. Experience ages everyone. If you will sit down, stranger, and the take the time, I will tell you my tale. It is not an easy one to tell. It is long, and much of it is painful. The joy is often overshadowed by the pain. There will be times it will not be easy to read, but I assure you, my friends, it is much harder for me to tell. This is the story of my life, my lives, and the way they were woven into one. It is a story of a war and the players in it, as war is perhaps the greatest chess game of all. It tells of the history of a world, of the way time is destined to repeat itself. There is love and redemption, anger and hatred, the wisdom of a thousand years and the agony of a single day. I have the time, if you have the time to listen. To begin, I am not who I seem, neither are most of the people I love. I was, I am, Arwen Undomiel, Evenstar of my people. I am Lauriel Feu, unbroken warrior who died a prisoner of war. I am more, whose names have become lost to the sands of time but whose lives, whose hearts, beat inside mine still. I still remember them. I still remember me. If I was to start from my earliest memory, I would tell you of standing on the plains of Mordor, back to back with the one person in this world just like me. But that would be getting ahead of myself, I'm afraid. There will come a time when that tale was a part of the life I've lived now. I start here, in this world, and I give you my word I will tell you everything, just as it has happened to me and to those I love. This is not merely a story I tell you now, this is my life, my blood, poured out in these words. And it all began…oh I suppose when I was born. But for my purposes, it all began on a fall day when I was about 9 years old… The young girl darted through the leaves chasing her dog, running with the abandon only a child can. The black lab looked back, panted, then ran back to her, running right up to her, nuzzling her hand happily. "Duchess!" she was laughing, not really scolding. They were having a blast. It was mid-September, her forth grade year, and nothing was hard or even difficult. There was only school during the day, and Duchess in the afternoons. And a whole backyard full of woods to give them everything in the world to do. It was her world, and her paradise. It was sudden, the shift in the wind, and as young as she was she wouldn't have noticed it had her dog not tensed, cut her eyes sharply in the direction of the woods. But there he was. The wind picked up, cold and chill, and there, back behind her fence, a snow white dog threaded his way through the trees. He ran, not as Duchess had, but with determination, as if the very hounds of hell were on his heels. As if he had a message, and on pain of death it could not be late. Then as soon as he had appeared, he was gone. Not away, just gone. Into nothing, perhaps into the fall air. The girl's hand slid to the black lab's velvet soft ear, rubbing it absently. She may have been young, but that wasn't normal and she knew it. "That was weird, girl, huh? Wonder who he was? What do you think?" Duchess looked up at her, panted, brown eyes sparkling. She didn't care. And for the moment, neither did Jennifer. Shrugging, she grabbed Duchess around the neck for a hug, then ran off into the leaves, the incident forgotten. If she had only known what that dog, that moment, meant for her life, even at her age she might have cared just a little bit more. It had been about 3 years, maybe a little more. The dog, his presence, all but forgotten. Sometimes it nagged on the corner of her mind as she grew older, the insistent question of exactly what she had seen, but it was nothing more than a specter in her mind and she never paid it much attention. Until the day she saw the tree. It was just like any other day, taking a walk in her beloved woods. But something drew her eyes to that corner, the corner that had always felt wrong for as long as she could remember being alive. And there it was, a tree, some sort of pine, and it was black as night. She looked away, looked back, and the color was gone. Must have been a trick of the light. All the same, the tree unnerved her and she was bored. Bored, and ready to test the limits of her strength. She had always feared this part of the woods, and there was logically no reason for it. Gathering her courage and calling for her Duchess, she headed down into the woods. On reaching the corner she reached out, hesitantly, took the tree by the top and shoved it backwards. It fell to the ground, rolled a little ways. There. That would be the end of that. Proud of herself she rubbed Duchess head, kissed her just above her smiling eyes. "See, girl? Momma took care of that. Let's go." And she really thought she had, taken care of it, ended it. Ended something that was nothing. Instead something that would be everything was just beginning. The next day there it was, and this time the chill in her bones stopped her dead. There it was. The tree, standing against the fence in defiance to her actions from the day before. Her heart was pounding in her chest. She had no idea, not the faintest, of what it meant but she would not give in this easy. Her mind ran over everything, anything from which she could draw strength, and it settled on Han Solo. Just like she had expected. Her favorite, her idol, and she heard his words in her head as she stepped down into the woods. This time the silence struck her. Oppressive. No birds were singing. One twist of her hand and the tree was gone, toppling once again. As she turned her back to it this time, heading back up to her house, she couldn't help but feel that she was being watched. It was back. This time, she wasn't going in alone. This time, she was calling in the cavalry. She pulled the phone out from beside her bed, pressing 2 on the speed dial. It was answered on the second ring. "Hello?" "Nikkey. It's me. Get up here. Right now. Ok? I've…got something to show you." Two houses down the street, across the way, and they were almost constant companions. Her Nikkey, her sister. They had even passed for twins, once. She was moving, in the summer, to Lexington, Kentucky. Not something Jennifer ever liked to think about for very long. But for now she was here, and she was the first one to go to with this information. They were both blonde, both in 7th grade and thinking much more of that than they really should. Nikkey was tall, insanely tall for her age and with blue green eyes that never could make up their mind from day to day. She was funny, quirky, and you could never predict just what she would do or say next. She was a basketball player, a smart person who never put her heart into her school work. She was imaginative, hyper and bubbly, but if you woke her up too early you'd better be ready for a fight. Jennifer was shorter, more average. Glasses and too shy for her own good. Nikkey knew the real her, though, as just a few people did. An animal lover who had a devil of a temper, and someone who loved to talk and be absolutely crazy…but you'd never see that until you got a chance to know her. They met on the hill,