This is my first attempt at fan fiction, please be kind. Before we start, this will be set in England, with English characters. Sorry it is all I know. Right down to business… Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, it belongs to S. Meyer I do own a musical Hong Kong Phooey pyjama case, I wonder if she has one of those? This storyline is mine though, so please no playing with it without my permission. Chapter 1 The Rude Awakening of Sleeping Beauty I knew today was going to be a bad day. Do you ever get one of those feelings? When you wake up and think "I should just stay in bed?" Well as soon as my alarm went off - and I swore at it and knocked it on the floor together with the rest of the contents of my bedside table - I just knew it was going to be bad. Monday. I hate Mondays. Doesn't everyone? And this Monday is due to be even worse than usual. It's the day I agreed to do something I know I am only going to regret…big time. I have this friend, Jasper Hale. We met at University. Jasper was in his final year of a business degree and in one of my lectures. We bonded over our mutual dislike of the lecturer and have been great friends ever since. I agreed to do him a favour today. Jasper has his own firm and he's quite successful. I've been helping him out for a while from home and I go in once a month to help with the payroll. But this week he's short staffed and in dire need of some extra office help, which is where I come in. You see, numbers are my thing. I prepare accounts and tax returns for people. It's easy. I can do it mostly from home and I don't have to get involved with office politics. And working from home leaves me more time to indulge another passion of mine, my horses. So, on this grim Monday morning I'm facing a whole "day at the office." Yuck. I'm sure you are all wondering what all the fuss is about, and to a normal person it wouldn't be a big deal but this is me. Bella Swan. Painfully shy, blushes whenever someone so much as says "hello" to me. Which is why I'm happy in my safe little cocoon: my cottage, the stables and the occasional trip to the pub. Ok maybe more than occasional, but whatever, they know me in there. After my spat with the alarm clock, I haul myself out of bed, and go in search of sustenance. I hate dragging myself out of my lovely warm bed but when you have horses in your life, early starts come with the territory. After tea and toast I throw on my casual gear and head over to the yard. It looks as though the morning staff have everything under control. I would hate to have to be up at dawn, mucking out every morning. I've been there, done that thank you very much. Luckily for me my horses are done for me most mornings, in return for the other work I do around here. I quickly check on my two, all is well. I have a quick chat with the stable girls, then pop over to the farmhouse to say hi to Rose, my landlady, and all round best friend. She also happens to be Jasper's twin sister, which is how we met. Procrastinator, thy name is Bella. Of course Rose calls me out on it the minute I wander into the kitchen. "Shouldn't you be getting ready?" She shouts, over the din of the television and her kids having breakfast. Rose is a powerhouse. At five feet ten tall, she has the figure of a supermodel, piercing blue eyes and long blonde hair that's always immaculate. She's a great friend, incredibly loyal and to be honest, a little bit scary. "Nah it's okay, I have plenty of time," I say, and helping myself to another cup of tea, plonk myself down at the kitchen table. Rose's ex husband, Royce, left her for his secretary. I know, it sounds like a cliché and is hard to believe. She managed to wangle a fat divorce settlement though, enough to buy this place, do it up, and now the stables run as a thriving business. We have spent many a long evening sitting around the kitchen table, putting the world to rights with the aid of a few bottles of wine. I was so lucky when she took me under her wing and let me move from my shared flat into the cottage in the grounds. I am slowly doing it up. It's my little haven, and I hate leaving it, despite Rose's constant nagging to get myself out there . No thanks. Not again. When I can't put things off any longer, I head home and try to make myself look smart. Rummaging through my meagre wardrobe, I manage to find a suitable office outfit of black trousers and plain fitted top. I am not supermodel skinny but I have an okay figure, I suppose. I am tallish at five foot six, with a pretty good boobs and a "horse rider's bum" that puts J-Lo to shame. However I tend to live in comfortable clothes – jeans, my riding gear or track bottoms. But today I am trying to look reasonably presentable. I put my long dark hair up in a messy twist, at least it seems to be behaving today, and put on a little makeup. I don't usually wear much, I'm lucky that my pale complexion is pretty clear, I can get away with a little eyeliner around my brown eyes and some clear lip gloss. I head to my car, and get ready to do battle with the traffic. Ugh! I hate commuting, another reason to work from home. But I love my car. It's an old red Ford, that looks like nothing on earth, but it runs great, and it's mine. Plus I rarely have passengers so there's no one to complain if it's a bit messy on the inside. I make it to the office in a reasonable time, and I even manage to find a parking space. Hmm nothing awful has happened so far.. I walk in to the office and sign in, trying not to roll my eyes at Jessica, the receptionist, who is making eyes at the visitors who are currently signing in. She is all sickly sweet friendliness when she has an audience. "Hi Bella. What brings you to the coalface? Surely it's not time for you to pay us again?" In other words "what are you doing here?" To put it bluntly, Jessica not only likes to dress in revealing outfits, and flirt with every male that crosses her path, she is also incredibly nosy and the source of all the office gossip. I usually avoid her as much as possible. I grit my teeth and plaster a fake smile on my face. "I'm here to help out, Jasper mentioned you were short handed this week." Instantly she is picking up the phone to Lauren, her partner in crime, aka Jasper's PA, who could have helped out but claimed to be far too busy. Hmm, busy doing what I wonder? Every time I see her she seems to be filing her nails. I must have zoned out a little as Jessica is waving her hand in front of my face. "Hellooo, earth to Bella? Lauren says you can go on up now." I thank her politely, blushing profusely as usual, and make my way upstairs to start the day. Hopefully I can make my way to the quiet corner office I usually use un-detected. No such luck. Lauren is waiting for me, insisting on going through Jasper's instructions even though they are perfectly straightforward. Finally, she wanders off to annoy someone else. I sink into my chair, relieved to have made it this far, relatively unscathed bar one minor run in. I read through Jasper's instructions, because, to be honest Lauren's nasal voice was so annoying I couldn't really concentrate. Looks like it's mostly processing paperwork and running reports. Phew I can manage those. Maybe I can keep my head down and get through today with minimal interactions. Maybe I thought wrong! Within half an hour there's a knock on the door ... "Hiding away already I see?" Jasper pops his head around the door. He's such a good-looking guy, six feet plus tall, with messy blonde hair and piercing blue eyes, and the cheekiest grin I have ever seen. Such a shame he's not my type, we'd make a great team. Well if I was in the market for a boyfriend that is. "Really Bella, you don't have to be such a hermit. We don't bite here, well not all of us," he winks. "Oh you know me," I reply. "Yes I do," he remarks, "but you're not hiding in here all day. Come over to my office later. I'm going to be out most of the day but I'll be back later this afternoon. Please come and see me before you go home, so we can catch up?" I agree and get back to work. The morning passes quickly as I knuckle down. I want to get through this as quickly as possible so I can slope off home to my sanctuary. A while later, I venture to the kitchen in search of caffeine therapy. I chat briefly with Angela, who runs HR. She's good company, even if she is constantly trying to encourage me to socialize. I grab my coffee and head back to my hidey hole. I eat my lunch at my desk and plough on. By three o'clock I am mostly done and decide to go see Jasper for a bit. It means encountering his harpy PA but I don't mind. However when I get to his office, all is quiet. Even Lauren's desk is empty. Hmm, maybe Jasper isn't back yet so she's probably off gossiping somewhere. I decide to leave Jasper a little note and head back, so I can finish my work and go home. I step into his office and write a note on a Post-it to explain how I've finished my work and gone home and will be back in tomorrow. As I turn, I notice movement in my peripheral vision. My heart starts to pound, surely I am imagining things? I turn around slowly and nearly faint with shock, for there is someone else in the room! How on earth did I not notice? Asleep on the sofa in Jasper's office is a man, a good-looking specimen of a man. He looks tall, his feet are hanging off the edge of the sofa. He's dressed casually in jeans, t-shirt, leather jacket and scruffy trainers. His hair is the most peculiar colour, not red, not brown, but somewhere in between. His jaw has a light covering of red-gold scruff. And then I realize that I am standing, gawping, when he could wake at any moment. Shit! I need to get out of here before he wakes up and catches me standing over him like some deranged stalker. I finish my note and turn round and prepare to escape. Then it all goes wrong. I manage to trip over the edge of the desk and stub my toe. Forgetting where I am, I let loose a string of expletives. "Crapshitbollocks! Ow ow ow!" I am hopping on one foot, so consumed with the pain in my toe, that I don't notice the rustling behind me until I hear a velvety, although slightly croaky voice. "Well that's what you call a rude awakening!" Then I hear his quiet chuckles. My face is burning with mortification as I slowly turn around. I want to disappear, as