Summary: What would happen if you fell from the sky Summary: What would happen if you fell from the sky? What would happen if it happened you landed on The Fellowship? And I don't mean by I mean ON. This girl falls into Middle Earth and LANDS like an arrow going for a bulls-eye on the Fellowship. Madness shall ensue. Starts right after council. Disclaimer: I own none of it. That awesome man Tolkien owns it all. Well I do own my character. I will give her an elvish name or such and such soon. Hm, I think I'll make up a race while I'm at it. Sorry my stupid ramblings. ONTO THE STORY! A/N: Okay I know I already did this story but it's under reconstruction. I've been reading my older works and I've decided to redo them. So starting with this story I'm going to be making changes! And since I restarted the changes on this one the first two chapters have been combined. Enjoy. Fall from the sky- Everything seemed normal as usual when Andrea got out of bed that morning. Her mother was downstairs being a housewife as usual to take care of her, her brother, and her father. Her father was in his room getting ready for work keeping an eye on the crib her brother was sleeping in. Stretching she got up and took a shower before getting dressed in her school uniform, which was a white blouse, black skirt and knee high socks of green, white, and brown, the school's colors. She walked downstairs and grabbed some fruits and vegetables in put them in a huge bag that she shoved into her backpack on top of her books. She walked over to the mirror in the hallway and put her hair into a mandatory bun, for the girls in the private school she went to, in the back of her head as a few strands fell in front of her face. She shrugged and walked back to the kitchen and took a bite out of her carrot. Her mother didn't approve of her being a vegetarian but she could care less, she liked it better after she was forced to watch a documentary on how meat was slaughtered, processed, and made. She still swears that was their goal, to make people vegetarians. "Andrea, you shouldn't leave your hair dyed the way it is. It doesn't look very good and it's not the best idea with the prestigious school you go to, dear. Your father doesn't pay for you not to be in the elite group of the school," her mother chided. Andrea rolled her eyes and looked to the mirror that stood over the kitchen table looking at her red and black hair. The red was fading to a pinkish color with some of her auburnish brown hair showing again, and the black was fading to a purplish color. She shrugged, her hair, mixed with the make-up she wore, really did put her on the outside group of her school, but she could care less about it. Her mother didn't even know what they taught at her school, if she knew she'd probably have a heart attack now, back before the her new father, she would have loved it! Andrea just kept munching on her carrot and said, "Yeah, yeah whatever…I'm going to leave now. Toodles!" With that Andrea turned and walked out the door. She knew what her father's job was, if her mom knew or not that was clueless to her. Walking out the front door, Andrea stopped a minute to grab her wallet to throw into her backpack then continued out the door, she grabbed her bike and started on down the road to school. It was going to be another particularly boring day, with nothing to do but sit in classes bored all day long trying NOT to fall asleep listening to the drone and drone of the monotoned teachers. How much boring could they be? Seriously, spice up your life a little bit. But whatever it's all good. That's when Andrea noticed the hole but by then it was too late to stop and the next thing she knows she's falling down a hole into the unknown. Andrea screamed as she fell off into the unknown and fell separated from her bike… IN MIDDLE EARTH 'Oh my god! How much longer can Lord Elrond drag this out,' all of the major people in Middle Earth were thinking. They'd already gone a few days of slightly discussing it, now they're sitting here again trying to decide who was in the fellowship. Finally a decision was concluded too and everyone except the fellowship was allowed to leave. Lord Elrond and Gandalf were talking of routes, supplies, and resources that they'd need, when suddenly a shriek followed by a yell broke out of the air. Everyone looking up and saw a dark object coming towards them at a quick rate. Before anything else could happen Legolas, Boromir, Aragorn, Gandalf, and partially Gimli where all lying on the ground with a girl on top of them. The men all grunted and groaned. Andrea sat up and shook her head before standing up. Stretching all of her limbs to make sure nothing was wrong, she then turned to the group of people she landed on and looked that them weirdly before trying a bunch of random languages to try and find what they all spoke fluently. "Hey did none of you listen when I said move! What are you all deaf, have a death wish or something! See this is the typically thing a bunch of boys given testosterone gets for not listening to someone who doesn't go around flaunting off how manly they are!" She started pacing up and down near where the center pole thing was. She was getting extremely mad at how egotistical men could be when someone interrupted her pacing and her rant. She then glowered at them but listened very politely like the good little girl she was. "Excuse me," one man with point ears, black hair, and a pretty, shinny, crown-like thin on his head said. He was getting tired of listening to her little petty rant. Cutting her off was one of the best things he ever did for anyone who had ears. "Yeah, what the hell do you want with me? I could so kick your arse it's not even funny," She asked her mood being shown entirely too well. She was then starting to get hungry and looked at her watch and it was close to noon. How the hell did that much time go by she'd never know, but she went to grab her backpack and it wasn't there. She sat down and started pouting until, just as Legolas stood back up, it landed on his head, knocking him back to the ground. "GOODY! My backpack!" She got up and pounced over to it, picking up and went to sit in one of the chairs that nobody cared to put up after the meeting was over. I mean how rude of them not to pick up after themselves, and they were grown men! Sheesh! Opening the bag, Andrea started digging around for something to eat and munch on. First she pulled out a cool looking hat, she threw it away and it landed on Pippin's head. Then she just started randomly digging in the bag and pulled out a sword, a gun, a book on Self Help, a slinky, a bowling ball, some pins, a jack-in-the-box, another book over Colleges, a tour guide of Minneapolis, dirt, water, some bananas, and a few apples. She kept the food and shoved everything but the dirt and the hat back into the bag. She was munching away quite cheerfully till she saw everyone looking at her. "Well were did all of those proper manners my dear mother taught me. I'm Bond, James Bond. Would you like some of the food I am eating all by myself and not being kind enough to share?" Andrea said, showing them a half eaten apple, there was craziness starting to spark out of her. They all backed away except for Frodo who found her presence very calming and fun to be around. That's an amazing way to be near someone. "Well it's very nice to meet you Lady James Bond. I am Frodo, this is Sam, Merry, and Pippin from the shire. That tall person with the weird garb and the sword, bow, and arrows is Strider, or Aragorn. The person clad in gray is Gandalf." "Yo, what up my home dogs. Nah, just kidding, I mean who honestly likes to speak like that? So how're you all doing on this fine and magnificent day? I know some of you have been introduced but who's the kid with the beard, the two pointy eared people, and the other odd looking person next to the one called Aragorn?" "I am Lord Elrond of Imladris, the other "pointy eared" person, as you called us, is Legolas Greenleaf, Prince of Mirkwood, the "kid with a beard", is a dwarf , is Gimli, son of Gloin, and the "other odd looking person" is Boromir, Son of Denethor, son of the Steward of Gondor," the first pointy eared person said. "Very weird. You all have strange names except, hm…Nope you all just have very strange names. But maybe if I think it over a…," Andrea fishes in her backpack. She pulled out a sword, she discarded it to the ground, next was a bow and quiver, them too she discarded, next was a rifle gun, a hand gun, and a pistol, all of which she dumped next to the other weapons on the ground, next was ammunition for the afore mentioned weapons. Finally she pulled out a candy bar. "Chocolate bar I'll reconsider how your names are." She put her backpack next to the weapons on the ground and ate the chocolate bar thinking. "Lady James Bond," Aragorn asked. When Andrea heard that she busted out laughing. The other's looked confused and shared a look with each other. But eventually she recovered. "Sorry about that. And yessum? What is it you wish to know? Ask me any questions because I am connected with the inner knowledge of the word and can answer any question in the world. Ha, yeah right. If I could answer every question in the world I would not be failing high school. Stupid dumb thing meant to imprison the youth of the world!" Andrea muttered to herself. They just gave her a very confused look, what was high school, and did she really have the inner knowledge of the world? After a few moments more of baffled-ness, Aragorn then continued on with the question that he had formed in his mind. "Where did you get all those weapons, and weird looking things? I mean honestly that pack could not hold all of those, especially with the way some of them are shaped and formed, and yet you somehow managed to pull them out." "Hm, actually you know what, I don't really know the answer to that. Pulling all that out even shocked me, and I'm almost unshockable. Te he he…unshocakble I don't even think it's a real word. Anyway I think my bag has gone Mary Poppin on me. It will be very interesting to see how this turns out." "Who or what is a Marry Poppin? Are you okay from your fall milady?" Sam asked, concerned that she may have hurt herself, and curious as to who this person or thing she mentioned was. "Well kiddo, I'd love to stay and tell you but I must jam I should say. Time is of the essence and I don't have a lot of it. So…talk amongst yourself…Laters dudes." Andrea then stood up and stuffed everything back into her backpack. As she finished shoving it all back in she saw something weird