A/N: Well I'd like to start off by warning you guys that for some reason Fanfiction isn't letting me use pharagraphs in my stories. So the format of my stories will be a little different. So sorry about that. Second, I'm not very good at 3rd-person POV, so let's see how this goes. I've only made like 2 stories in 3rd-person, not so sure if they were good. Again just a heads up! Third, this story will involve many OCs (which is why I'm doing this in a 3rd-person POV. It's a good way to try and describe them since they'll be new), but I will also write in the POV's of some of the main characters from the first series; Percy, Annabeth, ect. I love them too much to not include them! However, I will mostly be focusing on two OC characters, Eirene (which actually means "Daughter of Poseidon") Waters and Adrian (which means "Dark One" You could only guess who his godly parent is.) Deadens, who are both cousins... You know what? Read the story to learn more about the two and the others! Fourth, I wanted to explain a small puzzle game I'm going to post in the beginning of every chapter. Basically what I'm going to do is post song lyrics (that hopefully will somewhat match with the chapter) and whoever knows the song title and singer/band will make a review with the answer. Whoever is the first to get it right will get a shoutout from me in my next chapter! I just think it might be a little fun. If no one gets it when I post the next chapter, then I'll give you guys the answer. Back to the story; it takes place around the same time as Percy's life. Percy was born in August and Eirene was born one month afterwards. Also, as a heads up to everyone: I have not read The Heroes of Olympus yet. My best friend wanted to read the series with me, but right now we are reading /The Kane Chronicles/. After that we're going to read HoO. However, I do know little things here and there about HoO. Still, when I get further into the chapters it may get a little different than the way /The Lost Hero/ starts. I guess we'll see how it goes when I get there! So! I've been having this idea for a long time. I never thought about writing it though because I just play with Eirene and Adrian in a Percy Jackson forum I'm in. (I'll give you guys the link below if you're interested in joining) However, after playing with a bunch of fun people and their own OCs, I got some new ideas and I just figured I'd write this and share it with everyone. I hope you guys enjoy it! Please leave a review, letting me know what you guys think! And I'm very sorry for the long A/N. Trust me, my other chapters' A/N's will be a lot shorter! Thanks again and enjoy! ~Daisy And all those conversations Are the secrets that I keep Though it makes no sense to me That was kinda breif, especially for the first song. But let's see who could guess it first! Family Secret "Shush Adrian! I can't hear them!" Eirene whispered, shoving Adrian away from her. Eirene had woken up to the sound of her mom and Aunt Valerie talking quietly. She got out of her hotel bed, careful not to wake Adrian who was sleeping on the bed next to hers. But of course, Adrian heard her. Eirene could swear that he knew exactly when, where, and what she was doing all the time. She stuck her head out from the side of the bedroom wall-just enough to catch a small glimpse of her mom and Aunt Valerie-and Adrian kept trying to shove in to look. "Who are they talking to?" Adrian asked curiously. All he was able to see before Eirene shoved him back were two tall guys, and he could faintly hear them talking. "Eirene," Adrian complained, trying to push her so he could look. "Let me see! I'm the older one... I'll understand more than you." Adrian was nine years old and Eirene was only seven, which made the older boy believe he was smarter. Eirene rolled her eyes. Adrian could be so annoying sometimes. Eirene bent down on her hands and knees so Adrian could stay standing behind her. He was right about being older, but he was wrong about being smarter. Since Eirene was only seven, that made her shorter than a nine year old boy. It only made sense if she were the one to be on the floor. Now that both Eirene and Adrian were able to watch their moms without any argument, they could see there were two men standing in front of the creamy white sofa while their moms were sitting down. The only lighting in the room was a small lamp that sat on the coffee table between both of their moms, so it was a little hard to see the men's' faces. However, it was bright enough to see what they had on and... They were strange outfits to be wearing in Montana, in the dead of winter. One man was wearing a hawaiian shirt with blue flowers printed all over it, blue beach shorts, and sandals. The other man, well it wasn't as weird of an outfit than the other. This man wore a plain black shirt, black pants, and black dress shoes. Eirene thought that the man might be goth or something. Who could wear that much black? Adrian wore dark clothes, but never that much dark color clothes all at once. The other man Eirene thought was crazy. It was freezing cold, and even in her fuzzy pajamas and a big puffy robe on top of it, she still felt cold. And that's all he had on? Adrian, on the other hand, didn't pay any attention to what they were wearing. He was busy trying to listen to what the conversation was about. They were talking in such a hushed voice that it was difficult to get everything they were saying. "It's just not safe," the man in the beach clothes insisted. "They need to go there. It's the best shot they have." "Either you take them or they're dead." The man in black seemed really irritated by the tone in his voice. Eirene and Adrian leaned inward to try and hear clearer. Selena shook her head. "We can't just leave them-" "-At a camp that we can't even go in. How will we know they'll be safe?" Valerie cut in. She wasn't going to trust some camp filled with a bunch of kids. "Camp?" Eirene whispered confused. "I don't like-" Eirene started to complain, but Adrian kicked her to keep her quiet. Eirene looked up at Adrian and gave him a dirty look. She'd get him back for that later. Adrian didn't even bother to look at Eirene. He knew that she was giving him a mean look. They were trying to hear what the conversation was about and Eirene started to complain about a camp? Unlike her, Adrian didn't care about camp; he just wanted to know what was so dangerous that they'd have to go to a camp or else they'd die. How was camp a safe place? "You know it's the only option you two have," the beach man said in a soft voice. He placed his hand gently on Selena's shoulder. Selena looked up at him for a moment then sighed, looking down to the lamp. Eirene squinted her eyes and saw that her mom's eyes were full of tears. They looked like that one time when Eirene had wondered off in the store. Eirene had gone to the pool aisle that was on the other end of the store. When Eirene saw her mom run up to her, her eyes were full of tears and she started to scold her. Eirene wondered why she had gotten so upset about her wondering off. It's not like she was outside walking around. Eirene was curious what her mom was so scared of now. "No," Valerie decided and stood up. "We've managed to protect them all these years. I'm sure we could keep them safe for the next ten years." "You call this a life? Moving from place to place, hotel from hotel, always looking over your shoulder, flinching at the smallest sound?" the man in black argued. He gestured over to Eirene and Adrian's room. We're dead , Eirene and Adrian thought. Their moms hated when they eavesdropped. Eirene and Adrian we're going to run back to their beds, but the man continued, not noticing them. "Trust us. The camp will be safer. And they haven't started yet, but once they do..." "It'll be almost impossible to keep them hidden," the other man finished. Selena moved the his hand off of her and stood up next to her sister, folding her arms. "Well when the time comes we'll be sure to be extra careful." Selena concluded. Selena wasn't going to give in. She wasn't going to leave her daughter and nephew at a camp that was going to train them to fight. Valerie was right; if they could take care of their kids all those years, then they could do longer. "They are part of us. That makes them a target. The Great Prophecy..." the beach man trailed off. He looked over to the man in black, like he was unsure whether to continue or stay silent. The man in black waved his hand dismissively. The beach man cleared his throat, looking back to the women. "It's not meant for them, but for my son. However, that will not stop anyone from trying to hurt these two. They won't take their chances. And once their-" The beach man stopped talking when the man in black place his hand on his shoulder. At first, the man looked at him confused. Then, the man in black nodded towards Eirene and Adrian. Adrian looked down at Eirene, who was looking up at him. They both knew what that meant. They looked back to the others and saw that the two men were looking straight at them. Eirene started to crawl back slowly and quietly, as Adrian walked backwards into their room. "What is it?" Valerie asked noticing that the men were looking towards the kids room. She looked back, but didn't see anything. "The children are asleep," she assured them. "I'm sure they are..." Eirene and Adrian heard the man in black say as they ran to their beds. Eirene lifted her big, soft, cotton, bright blue blanket up and slipped under it. She had a queen sized bed this time. Usually, in other hotels that they went to, she'd have to either share the bed with Adrian or have a small bed. Again, Eirene was small so it didn't matter much. Eirene would sometimes make fun of Adrian because if the bed was too small, his feet would be sticking out, so he'd just end up sleeping on the floor. A perk to being a little kid was no floor sleeping. Now having her own queen bed and Adrian with a king sized bed, Eirene felt like a queen. Once Eirene was laying down, she glanced over to Adrian side. The room was pretty dark, but she could see him covering himself with his hunter green blanket through the moonlight that was shining in through the window near his bed. Since he was in bed already, Eirene closed her eyes and pretended to be asleep. Adrian thought that since he was the oldest, and a boy, that he should be near the window. Just in case someone tried to come in; he'd kick their butts. Being the only male in the family, Adrian knew that he had to protect his mom,