Im back ! It's been a few years since I have written anything, but im back to give it another go. This is my original story 'Dark Secrets' re-written and re-vamped ;) Enjoy! Dark Secrets - Chapter One - Meet The Family. A cold chill hung in the air, but that wasn't unusual for Forks. It was always cold, so bloody cold. Driving back, I drew shapes and faces on the fogged up windows. Hand in hand, Edward and I walked up the cracked path of Charlie's house. As I reached for the door handle, I felt Edward tense, his eyes glazed over and absent. "Hey," I said softly, my hand reaching up to smooth his worry lines, "Everything okay?" "I think so; I'm not sure about something." "You, not sure? Are you ill?" Sceptically, I opened the door and brushed the show off my shoes. "Dad," I called as Edward and I walked through the door, hand in hand. "Dad. We're back. You home?" "In here Bells. How was the movie?" It was a last minute thing. Edward had interrupted me studying for the big science test on Monday, Of course he didn't have to study; he'd be studying science for hundreds of years, but still refused to give me the answers. "Its all about your human experience." Human experience my arse, I want an A+. We amused ourselves by going to see 'Blood; The Last Vampire'. I accepted with no hesitation. Anything to get me away from the Periodic Table and formulas. Besides, a movie about Vampires; how interesting . "It was alright," I replied, whilst hanging our coats of the peg under the stairs. "It had a real ... bite to it." Edward looked at me and burst into hysterics. He pulled me close and we waddled together into the next room. Charlie was sitting in his old and slightly worn arm chair, his face illuminated by the roaring fire. Warming myself up by the flames, I studied Charlie's expression. "What did you break this time?" I asked. He looked at me with the innocent eyes of a child. "Ermm, nothing," Unconvinced, I shot him a glance. "Nothing Bells. I mean it. But I do have a present for you. Or should I say two presents." Yup, that proved it; he had done something. I eyed him up and down suspiciously. "You know I hate surprises. Besides, why do I need a present, it's not my birthday. What are you compensating for?" "Bella, can't a father just buy his only daughter a gift for working hard and ..." I raised my eyebrows, unimpressed with his attempt of flattery. "... okay, you got me. But in my defence, I did not arrange this surprise. It was much a surprise for you as it was for me." I broke off from Edward's grasp on me and looked around the living room to see if anything was missed. "Hello, stranger." I stopped. The room was full of silence. I spun around to see two men appear and stand in the kitchen doorway. "Well, aren't you gunna give your brothers a hug?" I could feel Edward's face analyse my reaction as I ran over to them, throwing my arms around their necks, pulling them down to my level. "Oh my god! What are you doing here?" I all but screeched at them. "You're supposed to be in England!" "Now, is that the way you address all your guests with a 'what the hell are you doing here'?" The taller of the two asked. "Who's he?" Of course Edward knew who they were, he's a mind reader. "What?" I was still stunned beyond words to even register what he had just asked me. "What? Oh! Edward, I would like you to meet Cain and Damian, my brothers." I reacted to the word brother and again, throw my arms around them both. I had to stretch up to put my arm over Cain's shoulder. He had grown so tall since I last saw him; and grown up! He had finally got out of his 'leather stage'. I had no problem cuddling up to Damian; he was defiantly the shorter of the two. "Cain and Damian, I would like you to meet Edward, my boyfriend." "Boyfriend, hey?" Cain said, folding his arms against his chest. "Oh god, Cain! Dad has already done that, thank you very much." I reached out for Edward's cold, muscular hand. "Well. Whatcha think, Dad. Pass the 'Swan Boyfriend Test'?" This cannot be happening; when the Swan family traits were passed out, I got shy, Cain got outgoing and Damian got devious. I chanced a look up at Edward and he seems to be enjoying himself. God knows, I never quite get him something. I remember meeting his family; not one of my finest moments. "Leave him boys. He's a great guy; really knows how to treat our Bells." "Well, that's the main thing, ain't it." Damian said, before ruffling my hair. "Nice to meet you, mate." Damian stuck his hand out to Edward and gave him a friendly handshake; Cain followed in the same manner. "Nice, a good firm handshake sir." Cain was the joker of the family, and he never let us forget it. "Yeah," I began, ducking from under his arm. "Gotta go." I all but pushed Edward up the stairs and into my room. My brothers were great, but only is small doses! "They seem nice." He smiled to me from my bed. He leant up, pulled me into his reach, kissed me tenderly before settling me down beside him. "I always thought you were an only child," Edward questioned. "Why didn't you ever mentioned them?" "I guess because I haven't seen them in years, I didn't feel the need to. They weren't their separate ways years ago." "I was just wondering. Sleep now, my angel." With a gentle kiss, I rolled over and drifted off into a deep sleep. I know where you live, Isabella. You can't cant away from me. Be ready, Isabella, I'm coming, I'm coming to get you... Screams; ear splitting, gut wrenching screams brought me round from the edge of consciousness. "Bella!" Edward whispered loudly, I felt a hand on my shoulder. "Bella, wake up!" Tears streaming down my cheeks, my head pounding and my throat red raw, I shot upright in bed, my covers wrapped roughly around my legs, trapping me in place. My breathing stopped with a sharp exhale. The hand gripped me tighter when I didn't respond. I could hear murmuring, but my heart was beating so loud in my ears, I didn't understand what was being said. "It's just a dream, it's just a dream ..." I chanted, over and over. "Bella ..." The hand was gone as the precise moment my bedroom door opened, bringing with it the light from the landing. I urged myself to look in the direction of the door, but the bulky shadow moved into my room too quickly, sweeping to the edge of my bed. "Bella?" The shadow whispered, seeming generally concerned when I didn't answer or move. "Oh shit. Dad!" The shadow pulled me into his arms and draped himself over me. I knew as soon as I smelt that musky colonel that I was safe. It was Cain, and he was here to protect me. "It's okay Bella, I'm here, she's gone. She can't hurt you anymore." My body relaxed at his words and I moulded into Cain's muscular figure. My knight in shining armour had rescued me from the evil bitch who had taken over my dreams. "Bella?" Charlie asked as he stood frozen in the door way, wondering what to do, or say. I risked opening my eyes to see the surrounding of my now crowded room. I looked into the shadow and found the only eyes I wanted to look in; my favourite honey coloured eyes. I understood the emotion in his eyes. They reminded me of mine all those years ago. Confusion, worry, and fear. Charlie walked across to my bed, painfully slow, and perched on the very edge. I did wonder if he was even sat down, or hovering. "You okay Bells?" I closed my eyes and snuggled into Cain even more. Charlie knew he was going to get nothing out of me so diverted his anxious eyes to Cain. "What happened?" "Just like before, like last time Dad." My eyes snapped open. I searched again in the shadows for the eyes I so desperately needed to see. He just looked back at me. I flashed a warning signal to him. I knew him to well. He would read Dad and Cain's thoughts, and see what happened so many years ago. I would tell him. In my own time. Alone. In the future. The very, very distant future. He saw and accepted my warning, and edged back into the darkest part of my room. "She hasn't had them for so long, so why now? Maybe ... maybe seeing you boys again ..." Charlie's voice was barely audible. "I went to get a drink of water, and to get away from Damian; he snores like a fuc..." Charlie's eyes whipped up and Cain stopped mid word. I giggled into Cain's chest, the look on Charlie's face. Priceless. "... blooming pig." Cain continued. "I heard the floorboards upstairs and thought she was getting up. But when I didn't hear a door, or see a light, I told myself I would wait a minute or so to see if it stopped and then would go and see if she was okay. So I sat on the stairs and listened. I heard her grunt and toss in her sleep, heavily breathing." I hugged him tighter to me as memories started to creep back into my thoughts. I showed myself memories of Edward and myself together, with our families, in our meadow... "And then ...?" Charlie prompted. "And then her breathing picked up, she began tossing violently and that's when I knew; the same as last time." He looked down at me, stroking my hair, and kissed my head, resting his on mine. "So, I ran up the stairs and went to her. When she didn't answer, I panicked and called you." I could see that Charlie was getting uncomfortable by the situation and didn't know what to do; he looked down at his feet and scratched the back of his head. "I think that, Bella has had enough for now. C'mon, clear out." I could see in his eyes he meant well and was doing his best; his is more confident with the boys, he's had practice with them; but me, I am his only daughter, it's all still new to him. "I'm gunna stay Dad; I much prefer Bella's snoring to Damian's. Speaking of Damian, I can't believe he slept through that ..." Charlie wished us a mumbled goodnight before shutting the door behind him. I looked to where Edward was hiding; darkness. Had he left? Cain snuggled us down and wrapped the blanket round us; I felt safe, secure. "Night Bellsy. Sleep tight." Cain whispered to me in to dark, kissing my head again. I snuggled in deeper under the covers, trying not to see or think about the eyes that watched me from the corner. Cain hummed to me as I tried to nod off again. I sneaked a look up into the darkest corner of my out dated room; he was gone. I knew I was going to have to pay for this later. That was for sure. Before long, I felt myself drifting into a deep and much needed sleep. Instead of waking to screams, I woke up to the smell of bacon and eggs. Ooh. And sausage! I rolled over to an empty bed, but it still smelt of musk. I lay my head on the pillow beside me, and inhale deeply. "Morning." I jumped up from my comfortable position. Edward was