Sooo, I decided to start an actual fanfiction. Like, with chapters and a story line and stuff. But don't worry, it'll still be lemony goodness later on ;) Haha, let me know what you think? Thanks! Disclaimer: I do not own this because Stephanie Meyer is clearly 110% more amazing and creative than I am What happens when Edward comes back and find that Bella has moved on... with his brother? "You're not good for me, Bella." He turned his earlier words around, and so I had no argument. How well I knew that I wasn't good enough for him. I opened my mouth to say something, and then closed it again. He waited patiently, his face wiped clean of all emotion. I tried again. "If… that's what you want." He nodded once. My whole body went numb. I couldn't feel anything below the neck. "I would like to ask one favor, though, if that's not too much," he said. I wonder what he saw on my face, because something flickered across his own face in response. But, before I could identify it, he'd composed his features into the same serene mask. "Anything," I vowed, my voice faintly stronger. As I watched, his frozen eyes melted. The gold became liquid again, molten, burning down into mine with an intensity that was overwhelming. "Don't do anything reckless or stupid," he ordered, no longer detached. "Do you understand what I'm saying?" I nodded helplessly. His eyes cooled, the distance returned. "I'm thinking of Charlie, of course. He needs you. Take care of yourself—for him." I nodded again. "I will," I whispered. He seemed to relax just a little. "And I'll make you a promise in return," he said. "I promise that this will be the last time you'll see me. I won't come back. I won't put you through anything like this again. You can go on with your life without any more interference from me. It will be as if I'd never existed." BELLA POV It has been months since he left. Months since his whole family left. I don't hate them, even after the indescribable amount of pain. How could I, when they gave me the best months I will probably ever have? I can't. After they left, after he left, I thought I was lost. I thought my life was over. I had planned to end my life early anyways, but this was different. I still had to love. I had to eat and drink and shower and go to school, and do the same things as everyone else. After all, he was right. Charlie needs me. That's not what I had planned. I had planned to become a vampire. To spend the rest of my life with Alice, Jasper, Carlisle, Esme, Emmett, Rosalie... and Edward. I planned to spend the rest of my very long existence in his cold, diamond hard arms. Kissing his smooth lips. But that's not what he planned. You're not good for me . Those first weeks had been the worst. His words replayed in my head over and over and over again until I wished I couldn't think. The pain was like the vampire bite from James, but a thousand times worse and all over my body. And then I started hanging out with Jacob Black. My best friend, my brother. We had tried dating, and it was fine for a few months. Around the time of his first phase (into a werewolf, of course) we had started drifting apart. Our kisses were awkward, holding hands was awkward, even his hugs had become weird. So after the movies that night, Jacob had walked me to my door, and we had a short, mature conversation about going back to being just friends. Jacob filled the hole in my chest, without even knowing it was there. And then he disappeared. Those weeks were almost as bad. I had nightmares all the time, and no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't stop them. They went away when I guessed Jacob's curse, and he filled me in on the whole story. Soon after, I introduced him to Angela, my only real friend at Forks High School. He immediately imprinted on her. It was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. Watching two people fall in love was like watching fireworks, and a slow rolling fire, and a thousand blooming flowers all at once. Soon afterwords, he and Sam took her to the side, sat her down, and explained everything to her. At first she laughed, but then Paul came up behind them in the woods, in wolf mode, and she almost had a panic attack. Soon afterwords, though, she accepted it, and her and Jacob started dating. She's been very understanding about my friendship with Jake. She knows that even if we hold hands, or hug longer than friends should, we mean nothing by it. Now, I'm happy. I have Jake, and the pack, and Angela, and Charlie. I can visit my mom in Jacksonville. I'm friends with Mike Newton, and Tyler Crowly, and even Chess Club Erik. I'm getting good grades in high school, and I have a life. I go out with my friends, and I do fun, reckless things, while still remaining safe. I always know that Jacob will save me if I need it. Like today. Here I stand, at the very top of the cliff. I stare over the edge, mortified by the distance and the deep water below. I've never jumped off of the top before. I know it will feel amazing. Like freedom, and happiness, and joy. But I also know it will be terrifying. I don't know if I have the nerve to do it. But I know he will be there to save me. "C'mon, Bells!" I hear Jake yell teasingly from behind me. "Yeah Bella, let's go!" Sam laughs beside him. Angela's small voice rises over the booming yells and encouragements of the boys, "Oh, leave her be. Do you remember what your first time was like? I bet you all squealed like like little girls." I grin at her over my shoulder. "Thanks, Ang." "Any time." She smiles warmly, and steps up next to me. Her slender fingers lace through mine. "Together?" she asks, though she already knows the answer. This is her first time, too. "Of course." Suddenly a very warm hand pulls mine away from Angela's and replaces it. I look over to see Jake standing between us. I notice he is also holding her hand. "If I don't go too, you guys are either gonna drown, or not do it at all. So let's go." He pulls us closer to the edge. I feel the end of the rock and dirt in the middle of my big toe. "On three," he says. I can hear every drop of the excitement in his voice. "One." My heart pound in my ears, and I can barely breath. "Two." My palms sweat into Jacobs. I hold tighter as the wind shifts. It presses into my back lightly, encouraging me to plunge to my cold, wet death. "Three." I bend my quivering knees, and jump. For a brief second, I feel suspended in the air. I stare out over the treetops. It's a rare warm day on the reservation, but I can see the clouds creeping over from a few towns over. I see the sun, only half-way visible over the water it makes it's way around the Earth. Suddenly I wish I had the photographic memory of a vampire. The longing in my chest is so intense it hurts. Then I fall. A scream rips out of my throat as I plunge through the air. My hand slips out of Jakes as I straighten myself, preparing for the hard surface of the water. The water is cold as it splashes around my body. All three of us dive in at the same time, and I imagine the water rises high into the air, especially around Jacob, who I saw curl into a cannonball as he hit the water. I stay under for a few seconds, and watch Jake swim back to the top. The muscles in his arms and legs flex as he pushes against the current. I'm reminded again how beautiful my best friend is. I smile, and push my way to the top. I take a deep breath, and laugh shakily, exhilarated. Angela's head pops up next to mine, and she grins. "That was fucking amazing!" Jake and I stare at her incredulously. Innocent little Angela, swearing? It's a very new thing. All three of us burst out laughing, and start wading our way towards the beach. We hear deep shouts of excitement as the rest of the pack jump down, but we don't turn to look. The three of us have seen them jump enough times to know exactly what we would see. When we finally step onto the beach, I shiver. The small black bikini doesn't cover enough skin to keep me warm. I only chose it because Angela recommended it. She's a lot like Alice when it comes to the fashion type stuff. My chest hurts with unbearable familiarity at the thought. I push all thought of vampires and fashion and sisters out of my mind as Emily hold a towel out towards me. I smile and thank her. Sam's wife always waits for us on the beach during days like these. She's always been terrified of highs, so instead she stays on the beach, builds a big bonfire, and sets up a huge picnic. Six werewolves and three girls take a lot of food. The rest of the night is spent laughing and eating. At one point a few other teenagers from the res show up, and one brings a guitar. Eventually it turns into a small party. I spend most of the evening curled into the side of one werewolf or another, but eventually the music gets to me. I feel the deep, upbeat sound in my chest, and toes, and fingertips. Suddenly I can't sit still. I move so that I'm on my knees in front of Jacob. "Come dance with me." I request. "What?" His eyes grow wide. "You hate dancing. You're afraid of tripping, and embarrassing yourself." He's absolutely sure of himself. It's not a question, it's a statement. His brows are pushed together, showing his confusion plainly. I shrug. "I know you'll catch me if I fall, and I'll probably never see any of these people again, so why should I care what they think of me?" Jake's expression softens, and his smile widens. The contrast between his white teeth and russet colored skin would be shocking, if I hadn't seen it so many times. "You've changed so much since-" He stops, frozen. He chew his lower lip, obviously wondering how to not hurt me. "Since Edward left," I finish in a whisper. Worry is plain on his features. His eyes search mine, though I'm not sure what he expects to find. Eventually he nods, seemingly to himself, and jumps to his feet. He glances back at Angela, and when he sees her nod, smiling warmly, he extends one large hand, and raises an eyebrow expectantly. I laugh, and accept his help. He pulls me over to the crowd of dancing Quileute's. I lift our hands above my head, and spin twice, once to the left, and then again to the right. Jake places his hands lightly on my waist, and I place mine on his shoulders. We dance together, laughing and spinning, until the boy with the guitar puts away the beautiful instrument and heads home. I have no idea how long we've been dancing, but I know it's at least been an hour. My bare feet hurt, and the moon is barely peaking up over the trees, surrounded by beautiful twinkling stars. Almost everyone has left, Angela included. The only people left