Okay, so I have decided to switch over to this story for a while. I'm still writing Too Little, Too Late, but now I'm having issues with the way I've written it. I can't get what I want to happen to happen with the right words. So this is a bit of a distraction while get past my writers block. I've written this off and on for months, scribbling in notebooks and things. This story is currently based in my home town in Idaho (a place that I miss very much and hope to visit again soon). The places here are real, and very important to me. However, the story line is not. This is 100% made up. The characters, obviously, are Stephanie Meyers (with my own adjustments). This is currently unbeta'd, as all of my stories have been so far. Although I would love to have someone beta read, I feel like the timing of my writing is too random. I can't keep myself on a schedule (You know, get one chapter done every Sunday, or do a page a day, or whatever. I suck at that.) So I feel as though anyone who did beta for me would have to be able to put up with that. But if this is something that interests you, please PM me. Anyways, this is a Bella/Emmett story. (the possibility of their relationship had always made me fangirl to no end). So yeah, here goes this. Enjoy and please review! I love hearing your guys' opinions, and what you think at each chapter's end. After four long years, Bella goes home. How will her family, friends, and – most importantly – her ex-boyfriend, Emmett, react to her return? … Bella POV H ome. Here I am, after four long years. I stare at the huge apple tree, its big juicy apples sparking memories of my past. I tuck a stray lock of thick brown hair behind my ear, letting the sunshine warm my face. My hands settle in my lap, turning a folded up piece of paper that I can't bear to open. I watch squirrels run along the stone wall behind the tree, and hear the old yellow lab on the other side bark. The smell of fresh-cut grass and barbecued ribs fills my nose. Every sight, every sound, every smell brings back another memory. I hadn't expected coming back to hurt so much. "Isabella?" I jump at my grandmother's voice, soft and soothing as ever. I turn to look at her, and smile. Four years later, my grandma has held on to her beauty so long. Her thick dark curls hang around her face, not messy but not neat. Her cheeks are naturally blushed pink, and her lips are stained in the deep red lipstick that used to leave her kiss-print on my forehead after every visit. Her delicate hands hold out a tall glass of lemonade, and I laugh. "You've got a big ol' apple tree out here, and you bring me lemonade?" She laughs back, knowing I'm only teasing. "You didn't get enough of that in your childhood?" she teases back as I reach out for the glass. I shake my head no and take a sip. It's perfect, as always. Not to sweet, and not too sour. "Have you been out to see that boy yet, Isabella?" I look down at my lap, at the paper still in my other hand, and tap its corner on my leg nervously. "Not yet, Grandma. But I'll get there, I promise." "You better. You know how he'll feel if Ally or Jasper get to you first. Poor boy hasn't been the same since you left." I can't look u pat her, can't meet her eyes, can't see the sadness that I know is only a fraction of what I'll see in Emmett's eyes. I feel her delicate touch on my cheek. She holds her hand there for a second, then I watch her worn purple slippers turn and disappear back into the house. I sit back in the plush lawn chair and close my eyes, thinking of a time when things were less complicated. … " C'mon, Bells, dance with me," he begged. I stared into his sparkling blue eyes, painfully aware of his warm hands on my hips. It was all I had ever wanted, so why was I so nervous? Maybe it was the way her was looking at me, like he was just as hopeful as I was. Or maybe it was my family all around us, watching, waiting, encouraging. Or maybe it was that I couldn't actually dance, and I didn't want to ruin it. "Please?" I chewed my lower lip, and glanced around us. Fireflies chased each other around the edges of the yard, and tiki torches lit up the center. My family was gathered around us, some dancing, some talking and laughing, some watching Emmett and I, some playing in the pool, their own cross of swimming and basketball. Someone, probably my grandfather, had brought out a CD player and a few speakers, and my favorite song was playing through them. " Alright," I said quietly, looking back at him. I watched his mouth spread into a huge grin, too big for his face, but perfectly adorable. " Alright?" he asked, taking my hand and pulling me into the group of dancers. " Alright!" I laughed, letting him pull me. He turned and placed his hands lightly on my waist, and I wrapped my arms around his neck, trying to hide the shaking in my fingers. We watched each other under the twinkling stars and the beautiful full moon. 'When I saw you, Everyone knew I liked the effect that you had on my eyes. But no one else heard The weight of your words, Or felt the effect that they had on my mind.' ( Birdy-Tee Shrt ) … The next afternoon, I sit in the car, the piece of paper back in my hands, spinning between my fingers, then tapping against my thigh, spinning then tapping, spinning then tapping. I watch it, trying to convince myself to get out of the car, to face what– who –I've been avoiding for four years. Finally, I unfold the paper, my hands shaking so bad I can barely hold onto it. I have to set it down on my lap to read it, and when I do I can't help the tears from welling up in my eyes, blurring my vision. In thick, boyish handwriting, are two sentences. When you're ready to come home, find me. I'll be here. Below that is his address, the same one that I now sit in front of, and a date from two years ago. I can only hope he still lives here. I take a deep breath, and blink the tears away, clearing my eyes. I re-fold the paper and finally raise my eyes to the house. It's small, and white, with dark blue shutters and a tiny porch. The lawn is green, and freshly cut. On each side of the front door there is a window, and each has a flower box underneath with purple petunia's. My heart stutters at this, remembering the same purple petunia's in my grandmothers back yard that I loved and nurtured. She had let them die when I left, because no one loved them like I did, but they were one of my favorite parts of her house. The flowers bring back so many memories, but one in particular stands out. … I knelt on the ground, pouring water into the small barrel, making sure to get under and around the petunias. A shadow fell beside me, and I felt the enormous presence of my best friend in the grass beside me. " They're beautiful," I said quietly, running my finger gently along one of the small flowers. " Yeah," he agreed, just as quiet. I glanced up at him, and he was watching me. " What?" I asked, quickly looking back to the flowers. " What, what?" I looked back up at him, and his eyes were still on me. I held the edge of the make-shift pot, trying to hide the way my hands were shaking. "Why are you staring at me?" He laughed, as if it was obvious. "Because, Bella, you're gorgeous. And I just happen to like staring at gorgeous things." He reached into the barrel and plucked a petunia off its stem. I opened my mouth to protest, to yell at him for hurting them, but before I could he placed it in my hair. "The purple looks amazing in your hair," He said quietly. He leaned forward and kissed my cheek, his mouth warm, and his cologne strong and delicious, and then he got up and walked away. And all the while, all I could do was sit and stare. … I shake my head to clear it, and get out of the car. As I walk up the small path to the house, I feel my nerves skyrocket. My stomach twists and flips. I pull my bottom lip between my lips and chew, grateful I decided against the soft pink lip gloss. I reach the door and shove the paper deep into my pocket. I have no idea if he knows I'm here. It wasn't a big secret, but I didn't tell him myself. I stare at the door, unsure of what lays ahead. Four years is a long time. Maybe it's too long. Maybe he's mad at me for not contacting him. Maybe he's mad that I dated other people, though I know he did too. Maybe he doesn't want to see me. I spin around and make my way back down the path, but I'm not fast enough. The door clicks open, and a voice calls after me. But it's not the one I expect. "Bella?" a girl calls. I freeze, shocked, and turn back to the house. "Ally?" I ask incredulously. My eyes can't make sense of what I see, but sure enough, there's Alice Cullen in the doorway, grinning ear to ear. Four years ago, Alice was just a freshman in high school. She was small, and shy. She kept her raven hair long enough to cover her beautiful but a little plain face. Now, she's just the opposite. Her hair is short and wild, She's gotten out of the jeans-and-a-tee phase that I seems to be stuck in, and her face is covered in a thin layer makeup that brings her from plane to completely beautiful. "You're actually here!" she squeals. She bounds down the steps, and suddenly her tiny arms wrap around me. Once I move past the shock, I hug her back. "I told you I was coming," I chuckle in her ear. She pulls back, shaking her head. "It's different." Suddenly, she seems to realize something. "Oh!" she exclaims. "I'm so stupid! You didn't come here for me, did you? Of course not. You're looking for my brother. He's inside. Just inside, first room on the left. He's making lunch." "Does he know?" I ask quietly. In answer she only winks, and gestures towards the door. I hug her again, then walk inside. Immediately I'm surrounded by the smell of hamburgers. I follow Ally's instructions and turn toward a doorway to my left. And there he is. Finally, after four years, he's really here in front of me. My palms are sweaty, and my stomach is flip-flopping, and my heart is in my throat, and I'm chewing my lip nervously. I can't tell if I want to run to him, or away. So instead, I stand in the doorway for a minute and watch him. His large frame is hunched over a small stove, flipping burgers. He's beautiful. From his height, to his sky blue eyes, to the way he purses his lips in concentration, to the freckle on the side of his neck. He finishes the