A/N: So, this is an idea that just won't leave my head. It's a one-shot , i was planning on making it a multi chapter but i think it's better this way, and since english is not my first language, please forgive any grammar mistakes. It's set after Annie's games, and it's as if they meet after her games. I hope you like it. Finnick was walking trough the victor's village, it had been a month since the last games, District four had a victor this year, he didn't knew her, of course they had been on the train together but with all Snow makes him do, he never got time to actually meet the tributes, none of them. Finnick was taken out of his thoughts by a soft tune, a tune he have heard before, it was 'somewhere over the rainbow', his young sister loved to play piano and she always played for him. Before Snow killed his family. He stopped and looked at the house and saw a young woman with a dark brown hair tied in a bun playing, she was still young, eighteen, almost nineteen, he knew who she was, he haven't talked to her but he knew she was Annie cresta. People said she was mad but he knew she wasn't, she was just broken, like every other victor, she just let it show. He come closer and saw that he door was open, he decided that he was going to walk and hear her from closer, she was so focused on playing she wouldn't see him anyway. Her house smelled like lavander and sea breeze, it felt like a real home, she had pictures of her family at the walls, but what surprised him the most was how easy playing seemed like for her, he had tryed to learn, but he never got to play like that. Instead he just played guittar, but he haven't played ever since his family was killed when he was sixteen. He come closer and stood at the door of the room, it was a simple room with a huge piano , a sofa and nothing else, the walls had a lot of windows and the room was bright, he stood there for hours just hearing her fingers slide easily on the keyboard. When he noticed it was getting dark outside he left her house and went to his, which was far away from hers on the other end of victors village ,it was a different place, not homey at all. He never had pictures on the wall, it just made him remember it was his fault they were not her with him anymore. That they were dead. Finnick decided to just put the thought away and sleep, but not before taking a long shower to wipé away all the capitol. Before he felt asleep he thought about the soft tune and the girl playing it. Finnick woke with the smell of breakfeast, and that could only mean one thing, Mags was visiting him. he had thought that maybe with the new victor Mags wouldn't be spending so much time with him but he was wrong. It was a part of him that thought it because she was the only person that still cared about him and he was afraid of losing her. "Hello boy, how was your sleep?" Mags asked him giving him a plate of pancakes, eggs and bacon , his favorite breakfeast, she would always cook him this everytime he came back from the capitol. "Thank you, it was okay, How have you been Mags?" Finnick asked eating his food. "I am fine, I've been taking care of Annie, poor girl, her family was killed last week." Finnick thought of how much it must hurt for her to just come back from a place where everyone wants you dead to find her family dead too. All because Snow didn't wanted her to win. "That is awful. How she has been? " "It is, she's been playing everytime now, always with that sad look on her face, scared of everyone." "Yeah, i heard her playing when i come home yesterday. It was the same song Luna used to play for me." Finnick smiled at the memory of his sister playing for him, it was one the few good memories he got after his games, where his sister would play for him after he had a nightmare. "You miss them , don't you?" Mags asked with a sad smile. "More and more everyday." "You need to know that it is not you fault, son." "It is Mags, i refused Snow's offert and they payed the price, it is my fault." "The only person you need to blame is Snow, it is his fault and not yours." Finnick hugged Mags for a very long time and she pulled away telling him she had to go. "Why? it's so soon." "I need to go to the market to buy a few things, i am making a cake with Annie, teaching her some things." "What type of cake?" Finnick asked smiling, already wanting a piece of Mags delicious sweet treats. "Carrots and chocolate." "My favorite. can i have a slice?" He asked giving a sad puppy face he knew Mags wasn't able to say no to. "You can stop by my house later and get a slice. But only if you behave and be nice to Annie." "Why?" "You know why. Don't scare the girl away, it may help you both." Finnick knew Mags was right, maybe making a friend would help him, maybe she may help him get trough all this, but maybe she would just be another bait for Snow to use against him. And he can't have that now. Annie woke from another restless night of sleep and honestly she didn't find any relief in doing it, All she felt was pain that her life had costed her parents. She lived and they died, all of them, the only person she had now was Mags, the kind old woman who helped her and teached her things, like how to bake a carrot cake. Which she would learn today, that gave Annie a reason to leave her bed and face the day. Soon she found herself at the porch of Mags house, it was a five minute walk and even tough Annie lived there for nearly a month now she was still surprised at how big the whole village was, she wishes she could live near Mags. She knocked on the door and heard Mags from the inside. "Get in child, i am on the kitchen!" Annie walked very slowly to the kitchen of Mags house. It was a beautiful house that made her remember of her own grandma's house, it smelled like cinamon and of course the sea breeze that every house in district four had. "There you are, excited to learn the cake?" "Yes i am." Mags looked at Annie for a moment and npticed the dark circle under Annie's eyes. "You haven't slept well, have you?" Mags said flashing her a sad smile. "Honestly no, i don't know if i can do this Mags, i see their faces everytime. They all died and i lived and my family is dead because of me." Annie said and started crying, all Mags could do was hug her and say calming words in her ear. "It is not your fault child, you need to understand that." "It is, he wasn't happy that i won so he killed them." At this point Annie was sobbing even harder and only after tirty minutes Mags was able to calm her sobs so that they could start the cake. "Why don't you go on the backyard pick us some carrots?" Mags asked calmly and Annie nodded walking towards the back door. "When will those two learn they can't blame themselves for everything." Mags said to herself. Annie came back about five minutes later with the best carrots she found and Mags was really happy she found someone to help her bake, beacuse even tough Finnick wanted to help, he was a disaster in the kitchen. Just when they were about to start after picking everything they would need there was a knock on the door. "Start mixing the sugar and butter, i'll be right back." "Sure." Annie said already starting the mixture, she wanted to learn after all, and wasn't really interessed on what was on the door. Mags walked to door and opened it so that Finnick could come in. "You're a little early, boy. We barely even started yet." "I can wait." Finnick said smelling the cinamon in Mags house. "In fact it's great that you are early! You can get the flour for us!" said Mags. "Do i have to?" Finnick said making the puppy face again but by the look on Mags face it didn't work this time, he would have to help her mix the flour anyway. "Annie, Finnick will get the flour for us." "I can do it Mags." Annie whispered gazing at her hands. "Nah, i can help you, please, Mags never let me do anything." He said smiling for her. "Okay, i guess." Annie said looking up and Finnick her voice was lovely and he gasped when he look at her , beacuse she was even prettier from close, her eyes were the prettiest he'd ever seen, they were a dark shade of green framed by gorgeous long eye lashes, she had some freckles on her face and her hair was in a messy high ponytail,all that with her knee lenght white dress made her look sweet and innocent, all he wasn't. "let's get started then!" Mags said breaking the silence. "Finnick, annie already mixed the sugar and butter, we'll add the eggs and you go get us four cups of flour. And don't let it drop on the floor!" "I won't let it!" Finncik said flashing Mags and Annie a smile. As Mags predicted, Finnick tripped and fell over the flour he was carring. Mags gave him an angry look, whlie Annie laughed, she really laughed for the first time since her reaping. That fact didn't passed unnoticed by Mags that gave Annie a warm smile and then screamed at Finnick, trying to sound mad at him but it was impossible knowing he managed toi make in five minutes what she couldn't do in a month. " I told you not to drop it on the flor!" "Sorry mags." he said giving the puppy face. "Now we need more flour! You two are going to buy it for me." "Now?" Finnick said. "Yes now! Do you want the cake or not?" "But i have flour all over my face!" Finnick remarked. "I don't care." Mags replied quickly. "Okay then, let's go Annie." Finnick said turning at her, she was holding a towel for him and he gladly took it, whiping all the flour in his face. They started the walk towards the Market in a akward silence at First until Finnick finally spoke. "How are you?" "I-i am fine." she mumbled nervously crossing her arms arround herself. "Hey, i understand what you're felling right now." "You do?" Annie said stopping on the midlle of the road. "Yes, it will get better. I am not saying it will go away, but it will ger better with the time." "Thank you, Finnick." Annie said blushing a little, which Finnick found extremely adorable and pretty. "I don't think we've been properly introduced to each other, I am Finnick Odair." He says holding his hand for her to shake. "I am Annie Cresta." "Well then Miss Cresta, shall we get going?" he says gesturing towards the road. "Of course, Mr. Odair." As Finnick and Annie walked to the market what begun with an akward silence between the two grow into something more, They begin talking about about the houses in the victors village and how far they were