Author's Note: This is a collaboration oneshot between ConfettiRainfall and myself, and was written for The Writer's Coffee Shop "Sports of Love Challenge." It is also posted on TWCS Library at www dot TWCSLibrary dot com under our pen names. As always, Twilight and all its characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. We don't make any money off this, and we sure as hell don't intend any copyright infringement. We just like to play in the sandbox Ms. Meyer created. Please note that this is rated M for a reason. If you are under 18, go read elsewhere. This is NOT for you! Enjoy! Review! The Sports of Love Challenge Hosted by The Writer's Coffee Shop Name of story: Back to You Pennames: TwilightMomOfTwo and Confettirainfall Category : Kahlua Fandom: Twilight They'd been friends since childhood, though they couldn't have been more different. Where Emmett was easy-going and boisterous, Edward remained stoic and silent. In a way, their opposite demeanors complimented each other. Of course, the two of them did have a lot of common ground. For one, they worked for the same company. Both of them enjoyed putting in a day of honest work at whatever construction site they were assigned to, and spent most of their free time on the football field. "Oh, come on, Eddie. It was just a joke," Emmett said, laughing boisterously. Edward sneered at Emmett – he hated that particular nickname. "Emmett, need I remind you that I'm not five," Edward replied snidely, ignoring Emmett's bantering. "We're here to do a job, not have fun," he added in a huff before turning around and walking towards the trailer which constituted the makeshift site office. "It's no wonder you can't get laid," Emmett muttered. "Maybe if you did, you'd calm down, chill out." "Yeah, sure. Whatever," Edward remarked sarcastically. That was a typical day, unless Edward was around his nephew. On those occasions and, only then, would Edward's demeanor change. He instantly became carefree, lighthearted and funny; however, the only person who consistently got to see that side of Edward was Jasper. Occasionally, if they were lucky, Emmett and his wife Rosalie, Edward's fraternal twin sister, would also be able to enjoy time with Edward when he was in a more jovial mood. Those moments, however, were few and far between. Rosalie was convinced the reason for Edward's extreme behavior was because of a girl he'd known back in high school. A shy, quiet beauty named Isabella Swan. He and Bella had dated during all their high school years, and it had been Bella who encouraged Edward to play football. They had been friends for years before they started dating and Edward had been certain she was the one. Even when Edward became the school's star wide receiver, when he could have dated any girl of his choosing, Edward only had eyes for Bella. Unfortunately, upon graduation, Bella broke up with him, ending their long-time friendship, stating they needed to explore new relationships with other people because they were attending different colleges. She claimed she didn't want to hold him back, but Rosalie had been certain it was Bella who wanted to scout out new guys, fresh meat, and she hadn't kept that opinion to herself. Until Edward had finally snapped and told her to never mention Bella's name in his presence again. Rosalie abided by his wishes, keeping quiet, though it pained her to no end to see her brother in so much silent anguish. Edward knew that, should the opportunity ever arise, Rosalie was determined to have vengeance against the girl who had destroyed her brother's soul. Even though Edward had been extremely popular at school, he had never been outgoing except for on the football field. However, after losing Bella, he withdrew even more into himself and the only reason he went to college was because Rosalie convinced him that she couldn't go alone. Reluctantly, Edward attended college, played football and earned his degree in civil engineering. He was even scouted by the NFL; though, after suffering several concussions on the field after some vicious tackles, Edward decided to forgo a football career. At least, that's what he had told Rosalie. His sister, however, believed that Edward couldn't handle all the attention, especially from women. No matter what she tried, who she set him up with, Edward hadn't been able to have a serious relationship since Bella left him, and eventually Rosalie gave up trying. It was Edward's love of football and his unconditional love for his nephew which caused him to find himself facing a group of eight year old boys as Emmett's assistant football coach for one of the local community teams. Edward called out each boy's name as he reviewed the registration forms while the boys formed a line, glancing at each one briefly. Nothing stood out on any of the forms until Edward came across the name of one boy, James Black, whose father was listed as Jacob Black, deceased and his mother, one Isabella Black. Edward cringed at the name, though he chastised himself immediately for the stupid reaction. Certainly there was more than one Isabella in the world. And besides, what were the odds of his Bella Swan ending up back in her home town, married, with a son the same age as Jasper. As the memories of his first and only love bubbled up inside him, Edward found himself getting angry. He had buried his pain for so long after losing her love that it made him furious now to think of her, married to another, perhaps with a child of her own. She had ruined him for all other women, and he knew he'd never find again what he had back then. His broken heart had never healed. He was unable to form a relationship with another woman, because they only served to remind him of what he had lost. None compared to her. None ever would. Forcing himself back into the present, Edward turned his attention to the boy standing in front of him, and took in the chocolate brown eyes and mahogany hair. The boy looked just like her. He knew instantly who the boy's mother was and he immediately felt physically sick, as if he'd been punched in the gut. This should have been his son. He should have been happily married to her. Not this man, Jacob Black. Sudden jealousy sent a flash fire through his body. Damn you. Damn you, Bella Swan, for breaking my heart. Edward paused as he reminded himself that the boy's father was dead and, suddenly, he felt sorry for the youngster. Regardless of what Edward believed, no child deserved to lose a parent, as he and Rosalie knew from personal experience, having lost their mother to brain cancer when they were fifteen. Bella had been at his side then, her quiet presence supporting him, loving him during some of his darkest hours. He found himself wondering who had been there for her when she had lost her husband. "Edward?" Emmett called out. Hearing his voice brought Edward out of his melancholic contemplations as he reminded himself that even if his Bella was the mother of James Black, she was no longer his Bella and she hadn't been his for fourteen years. Edward sighed. "Yes, Emmett?" "You okay, dude?" "Yeah, fine," Edward replied as he returned his attention to the next name on the list. As practice began, Edward couldn't help but notice that, even in his demeanor, the boy was just like Bella. Quiet. Listening intently to the instructions before executing the movements judiciously. There was so much of Bella in this small boy that it only furthered Edward's anguished reminiscence, and he had to carefully compose his face before anyone would notice. Edward was anxious for practice to conclude. He waited with bated breath for the boys' parents to arrive as he carefully scoured the crowd for James' mother. Edward's breath hitched in his throat when he saw a guy, perhaps in his mid-twenties, approach the boy, a big smile on his face. "James!" "Uncle Seth!" Suddenly Edward's heart felt lighter. Perhaps this was Jacob Black's brother. But, was Bella his mother? Why did he even care? It was old history, wasn't it? So why was he longing to see her? It seemed his heart had already convinced him that she truly was this boy's mother, the one who looked and moved so much like her that it took Edward's breath away. Edward shook his head at himself and turned, walking toward Emmett when a voice stopped him dead in his tracks. At that moment, ice water seemed to run through his veins instead of blood. Edward would never forget that voice, even though he hadn't heard it since the day she said good-bye, and broke his heart. "Seth! James! I'm sorry I'm late. I got stuck in the office." Edward's face paled, his heart pounded in his chest, as the huge lump in his throat prevented him from breathing, causing him to gasp for air. Panicking, he tried to convince himself that he was mistaken, that if he dared turn around, he would see a stranger, but somehow he knew that wasn't true. He had listened to that voice and had loved, cherished the face behind that voice for more years than he could recall. Edward was frozen where he stood, willing himself to turn around, his body refusing to obey, as he heard her sweet, melodic voice again. "Thanks, Seth. I don't know what I would do without you," she sighed. "Bella, where else would I be? He's my godson," he said before whispering, "We all miss Jacob." As soon as Edward heard her name, he was unable to stand still, the instant longing overpowering his fear as a tugging sensation deep within his core answered some silent call from her . Without wanting to, without meaning to, he spun around on his heels. He gasped as he saw her mahogany hair while she pushed a strand behind her ear, her profile coming into view for the first time since he was eighteen. Edward thought about all the things he wanted to say, all the things he wanted to do, as he took his first step toward her when he heard another voice. "Hey, Edward." Emmett had the worst timing ever. Edward tried to quickly turn around before she could see him, but somehow she seemed to move quicker than any human should as he found her milk chocolate orbs staring into his emerald green eyes for the first time since she had left him. He watched as her mouth gaped open, her lips moving slightly, but no words sprang forth. He was surprised that his heart hadn't escaped through his ribcage as it pounded in his chest, trying to sprout wings and fly – to her. No matter what she had done, no matter how many years it had been, Edward was certain of three things. First, he still loved her. Second, he would only ever love her and third, he had already forgiven her for leaving him. He didn't know when or how her husband had died, and it didn't really matter, except for the pain that it must have caused her. All Edward knew was that Bella was presumably single, and that he needed her in his life, in whatever capacity she would allow. He had let too many years pass him by not to let this chance meeting be a new starting point. If she couldn't love him, perhaps she'd consent to be his friend. For now. Bella simply stared at Edward, unable to speak. She hadn't consciously thought about Edward Masen in years. However, he'd show up in her subconscious during her dreams, quite often if she was honest with herself. She forced herself to ignore, forget those dreams night after night, week after week, year after year, but she knew she would never forget him. Not