warnings for angst, (what seems to be) a fairly graphic description of various injuries, mentions of blood and violence, self-hatred (on nico's end), description of a panic attack, and i believe that's it? notes on setting/au this is (from my view point) set in an au where the second war does not occur. i only view it as this due to the fact that i noticed afterwards that i never mentioned the war at all. i figured it would just be easier over all, especially since nico thought leo was dying and would probably have mentioned previous stuff that happened which was similar (such as when everyone thought leo was, you know, actually dead). however you can view it any way you like, if it fits. also, nico and leo are friends before the story starts, and the monster attack which hurt leo just occurred for plot convenience. i have no idea who they were fighting, or where they were fighting them, or why - because i'm lazy and all i wanted to write was the angst. make up whatever you want for those parts. pairing nico/leo. other characters brief mentions/appearances of jason, hazel and will. word count 6k. There is blood on Nico's hands, and it won't wash off. He has tried, oh, how much he has tried. The red is stained onto his skin and he feels it is a just punishment for not being able to save. For not being able to stop the fall of the boy he cherished so dear, one of the few so close to his heart. He remembers the way the other crumbled so quickly to the monsters. The way his eyes were not full of fear, as they should of been, or life, as they had been, before. The way his eyes were empty and void, seemingly resigned to the fate he was going to receive, seemingly not caring. The way he smiled over to him, a strained and heart wrenching smile, that read all the things Nico had wanted to hear but he felt deep down, right to his core, were just lies and unneeded sympathies. ( "It's not your fault." "Don't worry about me." "Everything is going to be fine." ) The way his bony, fragile wrists cracked under large, abhorrent hands. The way the blood seemed to bond with curls and decorate dark skin. The way he had fell to the ground, covered in dust and landing in a broken heap. The way he hadn't gotten up. Nico stops himself before the sick that has been rising up his throat for hours now can be released. No matter how much he tries, he cannot get that boy out of his mind. He can direct the thoughts elsewhere, to kinder times, to better times. ( Times when the guilt wasn't clawing its way out of his heart and up to the surface, building up and building up to the point where Nico wanted to scream and shout and howl. ) He does just that, thinking of the stupid puns the two shared and the lively laughter that spread warmth throughout Nico's entire body and the fears he had that he only shared with him, with Nico, and the tears that would soak through his jacket and chill him to the bone and- Because no matter how hard he tried, there wasn't enough kinder times for them. Only sorrow and sadness for a boy who didn't deserve the horrors he had seen and the life he had got. A shattered boy he had intended to put back together, piece by piece. A boy he had intended to love with his entire soul, even if the world and the gods and the fates tried to pull them apart. A boy he had wanted to fix, a boy he thought deserved everything ( and maybe a little more than that ), a boy who Nico himself certainly was not worthy of. Nico continues to scrub his hands. The blood won't leave. Speckled across his knuckles, deep under his nails, covering his palms. The crimson stands out against the pale, pale, pale skin of his fingers, jarring to his eyes. Under the blood he can see he has rubbed his skin raw in some areas, but not others. He has not tried hard enough. He needs to try harder. He must try harder. There is blood on Nico's hands, and whenever he looks down, all he can think of is an almost dead boy who means the world to him. [ Many pass him by while he sits by the lake, his hands under the water and his eyes downcast. Some write his behaviour off as the usual. A strange boy doing strange things. Others don't care. Since when has Nico di Angelo done anything for them, personally? Why should they mind? His friends keep their distance. They feel as all he needs is time. They do not know him well enough, it seems. The Naiads keep a close eye from afar. Unlike the rest, they see the misery and anguish in those dark eyes. They notice how his hands are already clean, but he keeps on trying to make them so. They realise, with grim expressions, that the hyperactive boy at his side ( who was so obviously and clearly full of warmth that was sometimes - or most of the time - only meant for the son of Hades, who would give the other comforting and tender touches so often, whose hands would linger for a little too long, whose smile for the other would transform from fake and practised to real and breathtaking ) is no longer there. The Naiads do not approach him. They do not ask questions. They stare on in sympathy and hope for the best. It is all they can do for this boy. For someone so far down, that he cannot see that the boy's blood is no longer blemishing his skin and that he is only further destroying himself with pain and shame and regret. For Nico di Angelo. ] As the days go on, the boy gets worse and so does Nico. His condition is stable, they say, and Nico knows they are lying, from the shake in their voices and the uncertainty in their words and the life force draining right in front of him ( Nico can't recall a time before when the sinking feeling in his chest had been so prominent or so persistent, but it sure as hell was there; he could feel the other's life draining, just in reach, the thumping of his heart slow and unsteady, and just hearing it and feeling it makes him ill ). Nico was there when it happened. There was so, so much red. It pooled under the other's body, turning green grass red and trailing down the hill. Nearly all of his limbs were bent in positions that shouldn't have been possible, his dainty hands lying beside his head, twisted and tangled in the long blades of green. His skin covering his arms had been torn to shreds, enough so Nico could see a bit of bone peaking through. His lips had been cracked and painted crimson, his eyelids fluttering but his eyes void of life. The sight was enough for make him, who had gone through Tartarus, dry heave. The boy wouldn't be stable in a few days. He wouldn't be fine a few weeks. He doubted that he'd be over it by a few months after, or years later, or even by his death. Parts of Nico doubted this was something anyone could survive, an event that could cause someone to tear themselves apart with the memories of it, with unhealable wounds and deep scars that wouldn't mar just the body. This wasn't a simple stab wound or broken bone. This was so much more. This was the definition of worst case scenario. The boy's chest had been rising so slowly, his breaths barely arriving, and when they did, they were short, shaky. His skin was a shade so deathly sickening to look at, still dark but somehow grey. His curls were plastered to his forehead with sweat and the remaining blood they hadn't had a chance to wash out. It wasn't a pretty sight. It was disgusting . Nico hated it. Hated the low state the boy he cherished had been reduced to. The other was strong, so much stronger than anyone had ever expected of him, so much stronger than what others believed. He wasn't just the scrawny, weak, happy-go-lucky Repair Boy with stupid jokes and stupid actions. No, he definitely wasn't. His hands were rough with years of hard work, hard work that others seemed to just pass over. His attitude simply existed as a defence mechanism, his jokes uttered to hide the pain, pain no one seemed to notice. Looking behind the shield the boy had built up for years showed someone who was so flawed. Self-hatred ran in the boys veins, after a whole life of being mistreated and misunderstood. He had a guilt-ridden soul, placing the blame on himself and only himself. The boy was self-destructive too, spending days upon days slaving away over his inventions, with no sleep and no food. And, despite that, to Nico, he was perfect. And he most definitely did not deserve this. [ It's on the third day the others learn to stay away from him. The shadow, that feeling of death, seems almost stuck to him and infinitely more suffocating. The glares are worse, sharper, but even the most clueless and oblivious can see the sadness hidden in those black eyes. He takes his anger out on the dummies in the arena, one by one, but his hands are shaking with suppressed emotions and no one can bear to watch. They see his wistful glances to the forest, to a bunker in the hills, and the way he twitches whenever someone mentions his name. They all knew the son of Hades was cracked like glass. They didn't expect him to be the one to break him, fully. But he did. And Nico was certainly shattered. ] It has been a month. One painstaking month of torment that Nico has lived in a state of constant worry and shame, curled up under the covers of a bed he was so used to sharing on those nights when the two of them stayed up a little too late, a sense of tranquillity the two of them weren't overly familiar with surrounding them. Nico had been running on autopilot for the most of it. He could barely remember anything he'd been doing for the last weeks; all he could think of was the routine he'd taken up. Eat, train, sleep. He spent most of the time, both in between tasks and during them, thinking. Thinking aimlessly and wandering aimlessly, as if it would help at all. Apparently most of his days had been spent sitting in an eerie silence with a thoughtful but melancholy expression painting his face, but to Nico it was a blur. His earlier rage had settled into something darker, something that was somehow worse. It was no longer fierce stares with burning anger behind them or a swing of a sword that ripped through thick fabric. It was now, just… sad, quiet. There was an absence of sound in the Hades cabin. While that may have been expected for such a dark place, it surely hadn't been the case for the last few months. Soft chuckles had bounced off the walls and light voices could be heard from the cabin if, deep into the night, you walked past and strained your ears. Somehow, although Nico did have an idea why, he had talked more in the past few months than he had in years. And he was happy about that. The want to talk would bubble up in his chest, something he hadn't experienced in