Hey readers! I just need to say the normal stuff such as: I do not own LOTR,The Hobbit, or anything Tolkien related. I ONLY own my original character. Please review and let me know what you think, please no flames, those are just rude. I hope you enjoy! The tree limbs grazed me on my cheeks as I tore through them, my legs rejoicing in the stretch of running after a long day of training. A laughed bubbled out of my lips when I heard my older brothers yelling far behind me. Elladen and Elrohir may have been older but I was much quicker. I turned around the corner and almost ran into Aragorn and Arwen. "Sorry!" I shouted over my shoulder to them. I briefly registered Arwen saying something to me but it was interrupted by my brothers and then Aragorn's laughter. "Ruineth, you can't out run us!" I turned to mock Elladen, the look on his face when I stuck out my toung sent me into another fit of giggles. Briefly, I considered acting my age but that thought was gone soon after it entered. I turned the corner and ran past different elves; apologizing for disturbing them. Most however were use to this kind of behavior from us. I wove in and out of pathways and finally ducked behind some flowers. I grinned in triumph when the twins ran past me, shouting my name. The smell of the flowers was a pleasant assault to my senses. I admired them for a few minutes before deciding to take off in the other direction. I turned quickly when my ears caught the sound of a branch breaking. Almost too soft for even elven ears to pick up, my green eyes shifted to the direction in which the noise came. My eyes didn't pick up anything out of place so briefly I weighed my chances of outrunning whichever twin was hunting me. Figuring it was one of them I huffed in annoyance. I couldn't believe I didn't hear or see them break apart from each other; I was distracted by the flowers surrounding me. I decided to take my chances in running. I didn't get far before two firm arms went around my waist and I was held against a strong torso. I laughed. "One of you actually caught me! I was sure I would get away today!" My captor didn't make a sound causing me to quickly look down at the arms around my waist. They were not covered in the blue fabric my brother's were often caught in instead my eyes were graced with a strong green. My eyes widened in shock, I turned in the arms of my captor whose eyes were looking at me in anticipation. "Legolas!" My face broke out in a joyful grin. His blue eyes twinkled in amusement. "My lady Ruineth, I hope to find you in good health." I gently smacked his shoulder. "Don't pretend to be formal Prince Legolas." He laughed and pulled me into a hug. I only pulled away far enough to look at his face; I enjoyed the feeling of his arms around me. That thought shocked me. Quickly forcing those thoughts out of my mind I brought my attention back to him. "In that case, Ruin, I am disappointed you didn't hear your attacker." He mocked glared at me. "That's not fair, my training days are few in far between, and you know I am studying healing now." Despite his mock glare I couldn't wipe the smile from my face. "Yes, I know and I hear you are exceptional at the art." I felt my heart begin to race at his praise. What has come over me? "You sent me a letter just a few days ago, you didn't tell me you were coming." "I sent it while we were on the road." "This is such a great surprise Legolas!" "It is a celebration in your honor Ruineth, you know we would not miss it." "We? Does that mean your father came as well? Where is he?" I glanced around, hoping to spot the Elvenking, when I didn't, I looked back at Legolas who was smirking down at me. "He is with your father, we arrived early this morning." "And I am just now seeing you? I wasn't the first person you came looking for? I should go back about my business then. Good day sir." I tried to turn away but he pulled me back around, our eyes locked and my breath caught. He brushed a stray hair that had fallen from my intricate bun behind my ear, being careful to not touch point his blue orbs looked serious for a brief second but was soon replaced by twinkle and a smirk once again. It was then that I heard two pairs of feet walking towards us. "Ah Legolas, it seems we lost the bet!" Quickly at the voice of my brother I separated from Legolas's embrace, taking note of the slight frown that graced his beautiful features. "Bet?" "Yes little one, Legolas made a wager with us that he would catch you before us, it seems he was right, despite us playing this game with you for years." My mouth fell open and I turned my glare to the Prince. "And I thought your only intentions were to surprise me. Now I'm not sure I can forgive you." "It was worth it." I couldn't help but smile at him when he used our little inside joke. I should have known the woodland elf had sneakier intentions anyway. "Now enough games, we all must go and prepare for dinner with the honored guest!" Elrohir clapped Legolas on the back as the four of us made our way back home. I rolled my eyes at the thought of preparing for dinner. I hated these formal dinner's, especially ones that were for me. I only really enjoyed the dancing. I was sure Arwen couldn't wait to torture me with a dress and some horrid hair style. Arwen was suppose to be the last high elf which is why she bore the Evenstar, much to the surprise of my father however my mother informed him she was pregnant with me a few years later. While everyone was surprised, Arwen believed that they were having me just for her, I was her very own doll to dress up. No matter how much I tried to avoid it she got her way more often than not. She loved playing with my deep red hair and stuffing me into uncomfortable dresses and because I loved her…I let her do it. I tell her and Aragorn often though that when they have girls I will torture them. We made it about half way when I gave Legolas a smirk. He raised his eye brow at me and I took off. "I'll race you!" I shouted over my shoulder at him, noticing that he wasn't too far behind. We laughed as we burst through the door way. "I won." "Only because you cheated." We were laughing at each other and bickering about if I cheated or not when our fathers entered the hall. "King Thranduil!" I rushed to hug the brilliant King in front of me. Though the he had a reputation of being a harsh ruler, he was always joyful and kind around my family. Though I assumed his royal relations in the council room were very different. "Hello Ruineth, it is a joyous day to be celebrating you." I blushed and bowed my head in thanks. I turned my attention to my father who was looking at me fondly. "Your instructor tells me you have excelled in the healing rooms, that you are almost ready to be deemed an official healer. I am proud of you Ruineth; your mother would be as well." "Thank you Ada." "You have had a long day of studies and Prince Legolas has been traveling for a long time, I think the two of you should go rest before tonight festivities." "Yes Ada." "Legolas, would you show Ruineth to her rooms?" Legolas nodded to his father, offering me his arm. We spoke our goodbyes and headed off in the direction of our rooms. I knew he would be in the one right across from me during his stay. Nine times out of ten we ended up laughing all night in either his room or mine. Grinning at the thought I spoke my goodbye. Happily I fell onto my bed as a cool breeze brushed across my face from the open window. Not much time passed before I was lost in my own thoughts. It was more than a little pleasing seeing Prince Legolas. He was one of my closest friends however he was also the one elf that plagued my heart. I heard my brothers talking with Aragorn about Legolas often though, educating me on how all the elleths threw themselves at him. I was embarrassed to even think I could be considered one of them; my face would often heat up in shame when I imagined telling him how I felt. What did I feel for him exactly? I loved our friendship, laughing with him, telling him everything, just sitting with him in silence, he was a wonderful companion. I didn't want to lose that over some silly crush, but then the thought of his lips brushing mine turned into thoughts far more intimate and all thoughts of losing his friendship flew out of my mind. I sighed in defeat at the thought. I was torn from my intimate thoughts when Arwen floated in the room. I stared at her for a minute before fully acknowledging her. My older sister was the most beautiful elleth in all of middle earth, yet we were so different. She is the kind of elleth Prince Legolas should be looking for in a wife: graceful, majestic, kind, and most certainty beautiful. Not wild, unruly, and plain. She sat down beside me quickly pulling pins out of my hair. "Why do you look so defeated my sister?" I glanced at her briefly shrugging my shoulders. "No reason. I am just weary I believe." "I have never seen you weary before, you could run all day and still have energy while we all rest. You are the last to rest and the first to start your days." Smiling gently at her I acknowledged that what she said was true. "I believe the arrival of a certain Prince has sent your brain into overdrive. Elrohir did not miss the embrace you two shared, or the reluctant release from it." "Elrohir would start a love affair between an orc and me if it meant getting me married." I spat out. That brother of mine was desperate for me to be in love. He would light up with glee at the very thought. Arwen laughed and continued to brush my hair. "Arwen when you see Aragorn what do you feel? How did you know you were in love with him?" The brush paused in my hair and I turned to look at her. She had a faraway look in her eyes that meant she was thinking of Aragorn. I smiled up at her and wished that someday, someone would look like that while thinking of me. She gently smiled down at me and continued working on my hair. "I am not sure I liked the feeling at first. It was overwhelming to the senses. It was different for me though, with him being of the human race. Why, are you feeling something for someone?" Quickly I shook my head. Arwen was my best friend but I did not want to risk anything getting back to Legolas and I was very aware that Aragorn and him were almost as close as Arwen and I. I bit my lip in thought over what she said as she continued to work on my hair. Once she finished I