Written by a dear friend of mine, His Imperial Highness. Is it over, do you think? A steady hand and unwavering conviction in your own abilities is all that one requires, in applying just the right amount of eyeliner, to make a bold yet sophisticated statement; I was due to attend a very special event, so I had no option but to look my Capitol Best! While I was entirely focused on my reflection in the feature mirror of my bedroom, my PDA buzzed, causing me to blink and smudge the eyeliner on my upper right eyelid. With a slight gasp of dissatisfaction, I checked who was calling and found it to be my best friend and 'partner in crime', Medusa. I transferred the call to my mirror, as I reached for a make-up removing wipe with my other hand. Medusa's smiling face appeared in a small screen at eye level in my mirror and, looking radiant in turquoise, spoke first with a trill that did little to hide her excitement "Hello darling, Happy Hunger Games! Are you nearly ready?"; it sounded as though she was in a car, so I assumed she was already on her way. I did not respond since, judging by the look of surprise on her face, I could tell Medusa already knew how 'ready' I was. She was wearing her new turquoise wig with sequinned top-hat accessory and some deliciously opulent earrings that glinted as she gasped dramatically. It was also apparent that my dear friend had evidently had a full body polish or two, because there was not a blemish to be seen on her expertly made-up face. I wiped away the smudge and started to re-apply my eyeliner, as I replied "Hello dear, Happy Hunger Games to you too! Had you called a few moments later, I would have most certainly been ready but, unfortunately, it would appear I have fallen victim to a slight make-up malfunction…not to worry though, this will only cause a minor delay. Are you close by?" I started pulling faces while adjusting my appearance, so as not to blink, which made Medusa giggle. "I'm not far now, but don't worry, take all the time you need; I can always ask the driver to take a longer route! After all, if there was ever a day on which it was compulsory to look your Capitol Best, it's this one!" Medusa replied, with a supportive smile. "So very true! I'll only be a few minutes now, so hurry along. We don't want to be late!" I said with a laugh, as I finished applying my eyeliner. "I'll leave you to it then, Octavius. See you in the lobby" she chirped, while adjusting her wig. Medusa then waved a silk-gloved hand and the call disconnected, leaving me in the company of my own reflection. I am not a particularly showy Capitol male, at least not where make-up is concerned; I prefer the radiant, natural look and have never been very fond of fads like skin dyes and facial tattoos. I find them all too flippant and, more often than not, such 'enhancements' quickly fall out of trend and become vulgar; having said that, though, I am partial to a touch of bronzed shimmer, to complement my eyes, and clear lip-gloss to accentuate my mouth, which I had already applied that evening. Any self-respecting citizen due to attend a prestigious event should always have an essential, well-rehearsed final checklist to go through before leaving home, so I proceed to go through mine while putting on my dark grey overcoat; after all, it is best to spot and correct a flaw in the comfort of your own home than to notice one in public, where you can only make use of your skill and your limited supplies to ensure you really do look your Capitol Best: the full body polish and face moisturising treatments I had indulged in for the past few weeks and, in fact, earlier that same day had paid off; what tastefully tanned skin I had on show looked smooth, supple and glowing. My dark, wavy hair was creatively combed into a high quiff, accented with the odd hue of blue and green. The hair products I had used gave it a sheen that made it glisten under the bright lights of my apartment. The electric blue silk shirt I was wearing, accented by an emerald green neck-tie and a dark waistcoat, really highlighted my emerald green trousers; the entire ensemble was set off by my newly acquired navy-blue and brown striped suit-jacket. I wore my recently commissioned black leather shoes, polished to a shine, which are mandatory for such a high-brow event. I couldn't forget my newest accessory, a burnished-gold pin modelled after the one the Girl on Fire wore last year. I tell you, that girl's stylist has turned her into a veritable icon; not that she appears to show any appreciation for his efforts. Pity. As a stylist and designer myself, I know how hurtful it can be when your models don't appreciate how much thought and hard work goes into each and every detail. My thoughts remained with the Girl on Fire as I put on my black soft-leather gloves and flung my green summer scarf about my neck theatrically; I thought about her rise to fame, from the dirty little district urchin, to the radiant beauty we had all come to love. I distinctly recall thinking it was a shame her life as a Victor was to be so short lived; I for one would have loved to see her wedding, but rules are rules, I suppose. However, I took courage in the fact she had won before, so she could win again. I left my apartment with a spring in my step and made my way to the lifts, just a short walk down the pristine hallway from my door. The block I lived in was simply perfect; there were parties in the penthouse every other day and the general buzz, generated by the Hunger Games, never failed to keep relations with neighbours amicable. Though I say so myself, I happen to be one of the more respected residents of this block, given my position in the shortlist to become a stylist for next year's games. You see, I spent some of my early years as a member of various prep teams and had worked my way up very quickly, due to my aptitude and ever increasing skill in the field. I left the circuit because I wanted to pursue my own independent career, but now I feel ready to return. Who knows, maybe by getting back into the Hunger Games circuit I can one day fulfil my dream of becoming an Official District Escort. The doors of the lift sighed open and I stepped in, informing the Avox I was headed to the lobby. I preened my hair and dabbed on a little more lip-gloss (I always carry a stick in my coat pocket) while ensuring my appearance was perfect in the mirrored panels of the lift, as it carried me down 42 floors in a heartbeat. I emerged into the bright, open space that was the lobby; a dazzling array of polished marble floors and high columns, golden fittings and glistening chandeliers. Dotted around were clusters of padded, green satin armchairs around low, mahogany coffee tables, all of which were decorated with colourful arrangements of beautifully scented flowers; most of the flowers weren't even native, let alone in season, but such is the beauty of living in the Capitol: very little is impossible. The tables and chairs encircled the round Concierge desk, which dominated the middle of the hall; this was opulently clad in gold-gilded mahogany panels and manned by a pair of smartly dressed Avoxes. There was a great bustle of chatter and clinking china as other residents conversed and sipped hot and cold beverages, brought to them by the ever-attentive team of Avoxes. Along the walls at intermittent intervals, as well as above the Concierge desk, were bright screens broadcasting the arrival of the VIPs and special guests for Caesar Flickerman's live show; the lights, colours and faces I saw depicted there all made my stomach flutter with excitement! I too would be basking in that grandeur very soon. As I made my way to the Concierge to enquire as to whether Medusa had arrived, the soft clicking of heels behind me made me turn. 'Octavius, darling, you look fabulous!' Medusa beamed as she clapped her gloved hands in un-refrained excitement. 'Not as fabulous as you, my dear' I responded. We embraced, careful not to knock her wig off balance or smudge any make-up. Medusa laughed and feigned embarrassment, 'Oh, always the charmer. Now stop it, or you'll make me blush!' We laughed for a moment, then Medusa added 'Right, now that we've established we are both fabulous enough to be seen in each other's company, we can be on our way!' While continuing to chatter excitedly, we linked arms and made our way to the forecourt outside. As we walked, I took note of Medusa's choice of attire; she wore a turquoise peplum, knee-length dress, a dark silver puff-shouldered shrug with long sleeves, opaque stone-grey tights with silver highlights, a silver and grey woven leather belt with a silver, lapis lazuli and sapphire studded clasp and a pair of pointed, reticulated high heels in stone-grey suede. Medusa had also accessorised beautifully with a silver/turquoise sequinned clutch bag (to mirror her sequinned mini top-hat), dark metallic bangles and rings and a few long strings of black pearls, to match her black pearl earrings. All in all, a veritable vision in turquoise! There is something you need to know about Medusa, and that is that she goes through Pallet-Phases (as she calls them); essentially, my dear friend becomes fixated every so often with a new colour and so takes it upon herself to procure, or commission, any items she requires to match her current seasonal colour. This year, it's turquoise, and let me tell you that colour is everywhere, from the curls of her wig to the tips of her pedicured toes. Another thing you should know is that Medusa is a professional socialite, by choice; she comes from a very affluent family and, although she has skills that could be put to good use in the fashion industry, she would much rather be an icon than create one. I suppose this is one of the reasons we get along so well; she is more than happy to be the first to try on and publicize all of my collections, which she claims are each better than the last, and I am always overjoyed to have such a willing model. The reason I mention this here is simple; while most citizens are happy to rely on the public transport network within the Capitol to get around (me included), people like Medusa only travel in cars with drivers. Medusa's father, a key figure in the design of a number of arenas and still an active member of the Hunger Games Committee, owns a number of cars. I had therefore asked Medusa to procure a particularly eye-catching one so we could make our way to the theatre in style. 'What kind of car is it?' I asked, my brows raised in expectation. Medusa looked slightly puzzled, paused for a moment then said 'Oh, I don't really know. It's new and blue, if that helps!' We looked at each other, smirked then erupted into childish giggles as we headed out onto the forecourt, arm in arm. 'Caesar Flickerman, here we come!' The main doors of the apartment complex opened with a slight hum and we were outside, in the balmy air of that summer evening. There, at the base of the stone steps, was our mode of transportation; of course, whether you own a car or not, they are a common sight along