[ A/N: Brief character descriptions: Rachel: 6'0", hazel eyes, medium-length thick blond hair with natural brown highlights, very fair skin Elizabeth: 5'7", brown eyes, shoulder-length brown hair with bangs, slightly tanned white skin Ariel: 5'5", dark brown eyes, almost waist-length curly black hair, caramel toned skin Photo (left-right): Ariel, Elizabeth, Rachel] It was a bright, sunny day in the middle of Spring Break. Two friends, Ariel and Elizabeth, were spending a few days over at their other friend Rachel's house, and there was no one there besides them. Of the three of them, Rachel had the biggest house, and she was the only one who had a car and a driver's license, so they spent most of their sleep-overs over there. They were all ballet dancers at the same school: Elizabeth was 16, and the other two were 17, but they were all in the same ballet level, which was the most advanced class of the academy. In academic school, Elizabeth was a sophomore at a performing arts high school, and Rachel was a home-schooled senior who was just waiting for her grades to arrive. Ariel had graduated from school early, when she was 16. "It's so nice out," Elizabeth commented, glancing out of the clear, glass back door. It was open just a crack, to let a gentle breeze waft into the room. Rachel paused her Special Extended Edition DVD of The Fellowship of the Ring. "Do you want to take a break? We can go for a walk, and then come back and have snacks while we finish the movie." "Sounds good to me," Ariel piped up. She was always up for a snack. "Let me just take these cookies out." She hopped over to the oven and put on two mitts, taking out three full cookie sheets with care. "That's a good idea," Elizabeth agreed. She peered over the counter to take a look at the chocolate chip cookies Ariel was setting out to cool. "Need help?" "No, I'm good, thanks." Ariel smiled and finished up, and Rachel bounded down from upstairs after retrieving and putting on her shoes. "Ready to go?" "Yep!" Elizabeth said. She and Ariel slipped on their shoes and followed Rachel outside, into the fresh, balmy air. The three girls walked around the block for a little while, and then made their way to a little grassy area a few houses down from Rachel's house. "Strange, that there's no one out. The weather's great," Ariel said. "Yeah… It's a little weird," Rachel admitted. "Usually, it's a lot busier around here. There ought to be at least one person walking their dog or something." Elizabeth was being even quieter than usual, so the other two turned to see if she was all right. Their mouths dropped open when they saw what she was pointing at. A crackling blue oval of energy was expanding in the middle of the park, silently at first, and then with an increasing amount of noise. There wasn't enough time to run from it, so the girls shielded their faces with their hands, and a bright white light flashed at them. When it faded, they looked to see what had happened, and each of them almost fainted. The Fellowship of the Ring was standing 100 yards across the park from them, looking extremely disoriented, and some of them looked a little green. As soon as they saw the three girls, they lifted their weapons, ready to fight. "Hold! Who are you?" Aragorn shouted, pointing his sword at them. Elizabeth's knees were shaking, Rachel's mouth was hanging open, and Ariel's eyes were boggling. "Wha- why, it's just three young girls, unarmed and… rather undressed," Gimli coughed, glancing away from their legs, bared in summer shorts (which were pretty modest, for shorts, but to citizens of Middle Earth, they were what one might describe as 'scantily clad'). "W-w-wait! Don't attack us," Ariel blurted out, finding her voice. "Um… Um, we're friends. Allies, even." On impulse, she put her hand on her heart and extended her palm to them; a gesture she remembered seeing the elves do in Lord of the Rings. Legolas and Aragorn immediately recognized the greeting. Legolas's grip on his bow relaxed slightly, and he looked at Aragorn for instruction. Beside them, the hobbits were getting a bit distracted by their surroundings; particularly Merry and Pippin. They kept glancing up at the trees and the sky. Boromir still had his sword drawn, and his mouth was in a firm grimace. "Then…" Aragorn sheathed his sword and held up his hands. "Fair maidens, I am sorry for frightening you." He nodded at his companions, and the hobbits all sheathed their little daggers. Legolas lowered his bow, and Gimli rested his axe upon the grass. Boromir hesitated before putting his sword away. "These are dark times, and it is hard to trust those whom we do not already know. Please, tell me… What are your names, and where in Middle Earth are we?" "I'm Ariel, and this is Rachel and Elizabeth," she said, pointing at each of them in turn. "And, well… You're not exactly in Middle Earth anymore." Although I have absolutely no freaking clue how that happened, she added silently. "This is Rachel's neighborhood. Er, Las Vegas." "It is Rachel's domain? You are royalty, then… It is an honor, my lady of Vegas," Aragorn said, bowing his head to Rachel. She turned pink and stuttered. "I-I, uh…" "I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn. This is Legolas, of the woodland realm, Gimli, son of Gloin, and Boromir of Gondor." They each nodded respectfully at the girls. "The hobbits are Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin." Pippin just stared at them until Merry nudged him, and they both bowed. Frodo and Sam followed suit, but Frodo stumbled slightly as he straightened up. He was a bit pale and peaked. "In the midst of our travels, we were set upon by the evil wizard Saruman," Aragorn explained. "He seems to have taken our friend Gandalf captive, and sent us to this strange realm, wherever it may be. We know not how to return. But, our company is weary… Might we ask you to harbor us for a short time?" Rachel blanched slightly, and Ariel held up a hand to the Fellowship. "One moment, please… We must, uh, confer." She and Elizabeth drew Rachel aside. "I don't know if my parents would be all right with it," Rachel whispered nervously. "Aren't they with your brother at Disneyland for the entire rest of the week?" Elizabeth asked. "Rachel, they're the Fellowship of the Ring ," Ariel reasoned, trying not to squeal. "I mean, he did say for 'a short time'… Maybe we can just help them out for now and then decide what to do later. If they're still here when your parents get back, I'll help you break the news to them… gently." "I don't know…" Rachel gulped and made a quick decision. "All right. For now." She walked back over to them, flanked by Ariel and Elizabeth. "Please, follow us to my house." "Thank you, lady. We are in your debt," Aragorn said. He beckoned the rest of the Fellowship, and they all trooped after the girls. Gimli tugged on Aragorn's sleeve, speaking quietly. "How can you be sure we can trust them?" he asked. "They could be spies of Saruman." "I agree entirely," Boromir said, his voice full of suspicion. "The great Eye is ever watchful, and the white wizard is cunning. One does not simply trust random citizens of an unusual land." "Their eyes bore no lies," Aragorn replied softly. "How extraordinary… Their looks tell me they are a tall young elf, a brown-haired girl, and a dark young lady of the Haradrim… But they are humans. They wear such strange garb… and speak an even stranger tongue; a unique dialect of Common. I do trust them, though." Legolas nodded in agreement. "The one who greeted us first, the girl with dark hair and brown skin… It seems that she, at least, is a friend to elves. No friend to elves could intend us harm. And they all bear themselves with an uncommon grace that no average human would display. I would not be surprised if they are all royalty." Rachel opened the door and led everyone inside. "Well, this is my house." She was a little more at ease, but still not fully comfortable. "Um, you can have a seat in the living room." They followed her to the couch, where Merry and Pippin plopped down on the shaggy pink carpet, marveling at how soft it was. Gimli gingerly prodded the couch with his axe, and then sat down slowly, sinking comfortably into the brown leather. Aragorn and Legolas chose to stand at the end of the counter. Boromir scoffed and went outside to the backyard, presumably to inspect it. "Why, that smells delicious," Pippin crowed, raising his head to look for the source of the aroma. Ariel realized he was talking about her cookies, which were just about ready to be eaten. "Would you like some?" she asked. The two hobbits nodded enthusiastically, and Ariel set about getting plates for them. "I'm going to fry up some naan bread," Rachel announced, tying on her apron. "It'll just be a few minutes." Frodo walked into the room last, rather sluggishly, followed by Sam, who was fussing over him. "Oh, Mr. Frodo… You need to sit down, right away." Sam led him to the kitchen table and made him take a seat on one of the wooden chairs. "Beggin' your pardon, Lady Rachel, but Mr. Frodo here needs something to eat, right now… D'you mind if I start up a fire right outside and cook him up some vittles? I have some things here, in my pack." Rachel's eyes widened at the thought of him making a fire. "Uh…" "I can do it," Elizabeth offered shyly. "Not the fire, I mean. I can microwave your food for, um, Frodo." "Microwave?" Sam raised his eyebrows. Elizabeth glanced worriedly at Frodo- he didn't look too good- before helping Sam get out his food and cooking supplies. Meanwhile, Ariel had served three plates of cookies to Merry and Pippin already, and they were still asking politely for more. "These are excellent," Merry said, grinning. "A bit like biscuits, from back home in the Shire, but they're much sweeter." "Yes! What're they called again?" Pippin asked enthusiastically. "Cookies," Ariel told him. She was beginning to think that maybe hobbits and sugar weren't a good mix, but, oh well- it was certainly too late to take back the ones they'd eaten. On her way back to re-filling their plates, she approached Legolas and Aragorn, who were conversing in low Elvish. "Um, sorry to interrupt… Are you two hungry?" Aragorn considered her offer. "Just some water would be nice, my lady." "And for me as well," Legolas added. Ariel nodded. "Of course. Let me just…" She set down one of the empty plates on the counter, but it slid off the edge. Legolas caught it at the same time that she did, and their eyes met for a brief moment. "Thanks," she muttered awkwardly, unable to hold the gaze for much longer. Her cheeks reddened as she gathered up the plates and walked quickly away. "Did I offend her in some way?" Legolas asked, slightly worried. Aragorn stifled a chuckle. "No, I don't think so." Ariel handed them glasses of water without looking at them and then hurried back over to the hobbits with more cookies. "Are you feeling better?" Elizabeth asked Frodo. A healthier color was returning to his cheeks as he ate the bread and sausages that she had helped Sam prepare. Young Mr. Gamgee was still marveling at the microwave, muttering about how useful it would be if he had one back home. "Yes, I am. Thank you," Frodo said solemnly. Elizabeth was staring at him, so he blinked. "What is it?" "Oh!" She looked