A/N: Originally written for the Seven Deadly Sins fest at Sinfully-Romione on Tumble on and on. - DG "That is your assignment, Weasley. Griping about it won't make your case easier." Ron ignored the comment. "Why am I stuck with the shit assignment? This git got what he wanted!" Ron refused to mention that Harry's assignment for bodyguard duty would be entirely too close for normal public consumption. "Every Auror on staff is protecting someone right now," Director Gawain Robards growled, "including me. I'm protecting the bloody Bulgarian Coach. Sorted?" "It's cocked up." "Yes it is. Blame the sod who sent the note. Anything else, Weasley?" Ron realized that he was going to have to suck it completely up for the next sixty hours. "I need an hour, to pack a ruck for this assignment." "One hour. A minute late and I'll have you chasing rabid werewolves in Northern Ireland by yourself if you're late." "Yes, sir." Ron trudged out from the Director's office, completely beastly for his assignment for the next sixty hours. He needed to tell Hermione he had an assignment, not a real mission, and he'd not be home 'til early Monday morning. Fuck all of them. After a ride on the lift to the third floor, where Hermione's office was, he walked in. As usual, she was the only one in the water closet that masqueraded as an office. "Ron!" She jumped out of her seat and danced around the stacks of parchment, wholly intending to snog him breathless. "I can't stay long. I have to run home and pack a ruck for the next couple of days." "You have a mission, don't you?" "It's not really a mission but more like an assignment." He looked over and saw the morning edition of the Daily Prophet on her desk and scowled at the face on the front. "Why the bloody hell are they featuring that muttonhead again? Everyone including Aunt Muriel know he's the top international Quidditch seeker in the world but they've had him on the front page three damn days now." "It's the Quidditch World Cup Qualifier, Ron," Hermione added without taking her eyes off of her newlywed husband. "I thought you'd be thrilled considering your sister is featured too." "I am, but they put her on the last page, in fine print, about being the new addition to the team. It's like they are giving the Bulgarian bastard a verbal knob job. It's disgusting, the amount of press that idiot gets from the newspaper." "And you're ghastly because it's Viktor and not the seeker for the English team?" "Of course I am. The ruddy Pumpkinhead isn't English so he shouldn't be the one featured in an English Wizarding newspaper three days in a row." "You're jealous." "That sod?" He made a disgusting noise. "Bloody bastard was groomed to it. He's not had to work a day in his life except ride his sodding broom. No one has the bollocks to tell him he's a shit seeker." "Ron, it's been years. What's going on?" Ron's wand rattled and he put it to his ear. His expression changed, to outright anger. He growled a few vile things before turning towards the door. He stopped when Hermione shoved herself between him and the door. "I'm sick of hearing about him. I'm sick of the way everyone is on their knees for him. There's plenty of other Quidditch players who are as deserving of accolades." "Ron, stop." "No, I won't. And now I have to be on a bloody mission guarding that sod and not being with you." "You didn't choose this?" "No. I'm on duty because someone owled in a kidnapping threat. Harry's unavailable. I have the sodding job. Fuck everything." She kissed him on both cheeks before a burning kiss. "Come back to me." Her fierce look would be the last he'd see of her for almost three days. "Yes, dear." He opened the door and stalked out, pissed at the world for very good reason. The team of Aurors landed at the designated spot outside the stadium, well away from anyone. Ron looked around and recognized the area. "We're here? Shit!" He was the last to take off for the player's entrance, on the side of the stadium. A few patrons were wandering around while waiting to enter the facility. Their briefing before leaving via portkey said the players were already present and waiting on the Aurors before they could start practice – or leave. The group entered the security gate in front of the stadium and were checked a second time by a supervisor from MLS. Once each was cleared, the two groups started to split. "Asshole." "Quit bitching, Ron." "Look who's talking, git. You get to protect Ginny. How'd you manage that?" "I asked. Look, the only one who was really threatened was Krum. You're the best – " "Am not. Why aren't you guarding him?" "I asked so shut up. You have the duty. You're faster than I am and won't be goggle eyed if you're guarding him, since you can't stand him." "Damn right." "Do your job, don't cock it up and keep your eyes open and wand ready. Hermione's waiting on you to come home." "Don't bloody remind me." Harry took off towards the Harpies locker room, leaving Ron to make his way to the visitor's room, where the Bulgarians were holed up. He passed a gathering of patrons and media idiots with Director Robards and one other Auror, intent on getting to their facilities. "You pulled us away from our families, for these gits?" "The minister considered it a credible threat. It wasn't my idea to owl the threat to the Owner of the Bulgarian team. I said it was rubbish but Kingsley overrode my decision. He said it was worth having all hands on station, just in case. Notice I'm here too?" "It's bollocks. Krum is the last person who anyone would kidnap. Every law enforcement group would hunt them down. He's already protected." Ron scanned the gathering in the hallway. "No one gives a flying fuck about the Bulgarians," he said under his breath. Robards heard his muttering. "You dumbass. Bulgaria is the odds-on favorite to win the Quidditch World Cup this year because of Krum. You take him out and there's plenty who would make galleons hand over fist just on the odds. You know there are sods who bet on Quidditch." "What's the spread? Maybe I should bet on the English team." Robards stopped and backed Ron into a wall, away from everyone. "Potter told me you have a hard-on for Krum. I don't give a shit but you aren't to mix work with anything else. I would have put you with the English coach but that idiot said they wanted a Senior Auror protecting them. Hemera has that job and you weren't it. You're next best in the department so you got the duty protecting Krum. You can't take this lightly." "Sod him and his bloody broom." " " "Shut your hole, Weasley. The Bulgarians will hex anyone who makes that comment loud enough about him. They love him as much as you love Harry and Hermione, if not more. You keep your hands off of him." "Bollocks and bullshit. I can't stand the git. I have no intention of touching him, much less wanting to fuck him, whatever Harry said. I'm married, as you well know!" Ron held up his left hand, showing the goblin silver ring on his finger. "No one asked for your pissbaby opinion," Robards drew him up short. "I don't care a lick if you got shorted for giving the whole bloody team knobjobs. You're an Auror and will do your job or I'll punt you to Glasgow. Understand?" "Sorted, sir," Ron barked back and refused to say another word. Robards looked up and down the tunnel. No one else was in the immediate vicinity. "Now that your pants are straightened, here's what I know. The Director of the Sports and International Cooperation department received an owl saying that there was going to be a kidnap attempt on Krum's life. We have bailiffs from MLS crawling over the stadium but your task is to be Krum's bodyguard until his arse is on the portkey for Argentina. Hell, I even called in Longbottom to be the Auror on duty with the trainers and support staff. Sorted?" Ron bit the inside of his cheek to keep from complaining of his duty. "Pissed you off, have I? Good; means you'll be too busy watching your back and keeping Krum safe than fawning like a school girl crushing on the star. Now get in there and keep that bloke from being kidnapped." "Just me? Full shadow duty? No one to replace me?" "Only you, full shadow duty and no replacements. The match is Sunday at Puddlemere but the teams are practicing here for safety reasons. He's not to leave your sight until he's on that portkey at 2am Monday morning." "Probably wants me to hold his cock too for a piss," Ron grumbled. "No but if you keep whining, I'll tell him to make you wipe his ass. Now get in there and keep him where he's supposed to be. I have to go deal with a diva coach." Robards went up the tunnel and away from the locker room. "I'll do my best, sir," Ron pouted and pushed his way into the locker room. Like the one at Hogwarts, yet different, the visitor's locker room was spacious by comparison, with cozy leather chairs around the room, and nice lockers for the player's gear. It was also raucous, if Ron could guess at the language being shared between the players. The charm on his ears was working as expected. "You, you're the Auror for Krum?" A wizened wizard asked him. "I asked for two of you." "Auror Weasley. Sorry sir, but I was informed I was the only one for Viktor." Ron pulled his credentials from his cloak pocket to show to the elderly wizard. "I asked for two, including Harry Potter. We want him too. Tell your Minister I insist." "My apologies sir, but he's unavailable." Ron didn't want to divulge that Harry was protecting his sister and probably closer than he wanted to think about. "They sent you? Thank goodness," a voice broke through the cacophony. The two men turned and saw Viktor walking up. "I trust you're here on business?" His accent was less than the last time Ron remembered speaking with him. Ron nodded. "Is Dragomir being protective? He usually is when it deals with me." The older wizard scowled. "I get these threats daily wherever we go. The mysterious owls threatening to hurt me, hex me, seduce me," the old wizard opened his mouth and closed it. Viktor went on. "I told them this was nothing but they don't listen to me. ' You're too important ,' they tell me." "You know this man?" "I do." Viktor smiled. "Tell me the last time we talked." "My brother Bill's wedding. Fleur invited you. You went mental over – " "This is Ron Weasley, one of the heroes of Hogwarts. He's Harry's partner in the Ministry Auror Corps and one of the best men I've met. He's as important as Harry here." Ron blushed. "Auror Weasley killed the notorious werewolf Greyback the night of the Battle of Hogwarts." "I didn't do it by myself," Ron muttered under his breath. "Well, then, I can see that the English took what I said seriously about the kidnapping attempt." He turned to leave the locker room. "This man knows to not to leave your side until we depart England. Is that correct?" "Sorted, sir." The elderly wizard pushed his way out the green doors, leaving Ron in the locker room. "Well, come along. Welcome to my oversized kelpie bowl." Ron followed Viktor back to his corner of the spacious facilities, where there