A/N: Originally written for the Seven Deadly Sins fest at Sinfully-Romione at Tumble on and on. - DG "You're under arrest, for assault and battery upon this witch. Furthermore, you're in violation of your license from 1999 by drinking at a public establishment." "This is bullshit," Draco slurred at Hannah Abbot behind the bar. "Keep your sodding hands off of me, Weasley." Draco tried to yank his hands away and Ron pulled him back, pressing his thumbs in an awkward angle. Draco howled in pain. "She's lying, you git. I didn't assault her." He tried yanking away again and Ron shoved him into the bar, cutting off his howls. "Shut your gob, Malfoy, before I fix your nose once again." Ron picked him up by the elbows and hoisted Draco away from the bar. Ron kept his voice down, yet loud enough for Hannah and the other young witch to hear him. "This young lady says she refused your offer of a drink three times. She said no three times. You refused to acknowledge her refusal. She told you to sod off and you grabbed her wrist. That's assault and battery. She tried to run and you wouldn't let go. You only let go when her grandfather stunned you." Ron pushed him away from the bar, his elbows tucked behind his back and his thumbs secured with an Auror locking charm. Ron smirked as he pushed an inebriated Draco towards the front of the pub, "You're still under license from 1999 for your role in the coup of the Ministry. I know. I checked. That license stipulated no drinking." "She gave them to me, unasked. I still paid her for them." He wobbled some and Ron gently moved him past some tables in the way. "Suffice to say, I think you're in deep shite." Ron led him past the chairs towards the front door, intending to apparate to the Auror holding cells deep inside the Ministry. "It's not Hannah's responsibility to police your behavior. She didn't know you weren't allowed to drink in her pub." "I'm not saying a thing to you, Weasley. Now owl my solicitor. They'll get me out of this mess." "Well, considering Hannah Abbot, the co-owner of the Leaky Cauldron was the one who served you a double of Ogden's Black and saw you drinking it after you paid for it, as well as witnessing your assault of the witch in question, you're in deep dung." Ron led Draco out the door and around the corner towards the alley, away from prying eyes. "If it's a case of he said, she said, you're the one in trouble. See, her reputation is impeccable in the Wizarding community, unlike yours. The Wizengamot will give her testimony plenty of support, even if she's not a Pureblood. Hell," Ron took him up towards the apparition point, "they might even listen harder considering your friends were the ones responsible for murdering her Mum." "You're mad, Weasley. Hell, I'd almost think you set this up. You'd do something like that." "Set you up?" Ron laughed. "I don't give a fuck about you. I do give a fuck about witches being accosted by drunk sods like you who won't take no for an answer. I give a fuck about pissed posh sods who think that they can bed any witch without consequence." Ron put his hand on Draco and they apparated away to the intake desk for Magical Law Enforcement. And as he knew from earlier today, Hermione was manning the desk for the evening. Hermione looked up from the desk and saw her husband standing there, with Draco next to him. "Auror Weasley. Is this an arrest for booking?" Hermione stared daggers at Malfoy. "Hannah Abbot witnessed Mr. Malfoy commit assault and battery on a patron in the Leaky. He claims it's bollocks but Hannah says otherwise. I'm also charging him with violation of his parole license, for drinking in public. She didn't know he was on license and drinking is a violation. But that's not her responsibility." Hermione stood up from her chair and picked up her wand. Ron knew that look. That look was a flock of canaries were about to be unleashed. "Hermione, maybe I should take him to another solicitor in the department?" "No," her voice was quiet and Ron gulped. He could handle her yelling any day and three times on Sunday but when her voice was that soft, that quiet, and that murderous, he knew from experience to keep his mouth shut. She had no qualms raising her voice to him in front of everyone. Since it was the one person who verbally tormented her for years, he'd guess she was barely holding onto her temper. "No, I can handle one revolting disgusting recidivist. I hope he recalls that the only reason he escaped justice for his actions and cowardice last time was the waning power of his family name. This time, I can guarantee you that when he goes before the Wizengamot, he won't be protected." She stepped up in front of Draco, her hair an epic mess, Ron watching closely so she didn't hex anyone's bits off. "Draco Malfoy, come with me. If you try anything, and I do mean anything except breathe, follow my instructions and answer my questions, I will make you regret being born. Understand?" "Weasley, don't leave me with her. She's completely mental." "Hermione?" Ron asked and saw her eyes turn dark. "Solicitor Granger," his voice went deeper, "do you need a guard for the person arrested?" Hermione lifted her wand and put it under Draco's chin. She pushed it hard enough to dimple his sagging chin even up on his toes. "I doubt Mr. Malfoy will give me any trouble, will you Mr. Malfoy? I seem to recall unhinging your jaw the last time you gave me any trouble." "Weasley, keep your psychotic wife away from me." "Psychotic, Malfoy? You're mistaken. That's righteous anger, not psychosis." Ron stepped up next to Draco and leaned over to whisper in his ear. Hermione hadn't budged an inch from removing her wand from his throat. Her eyes burned and her wand shook from holding back the vicious curse he knew she had in her arsenal. He should know. He taught it to her. He remembered the results one afternoon out in the orchard. She was lethal, though not unless absolutely necessary. "If anyone knows about psychosis, you would. You were friends with so many, you'd recognize it immediately. The asshole who gave you your precious dark mark, the one you hide in mortal shame now, was a psychopath. Didn't he expect you to fail in killing Dumbledore? Wasn't he expecting you to die to pay for your father's incompetence?" Draco slumped, shrinking some in his yellow Potioneer robes. "Yes, he did." Hermione slowly lowered her wand. "Come with me, Mr. Malfoy." Draco gave one last look at Ron and followed the diminutive witch to her desk further back in the department. A different solicitor, a wizard with an oversized jacket and tie, took her place at the front desk. Ron shook his head at seeing Draco cowed before his pissed off wife. She would be blazing by the time she got home from work today. Maybe he should get home first and charm the kitchen so she could fling dishes everywhere and they could be easily repaired. Or take a nap so he could be ready to shag her rough like she wanted on her worst days. "This one's your cock-up, Malfoy, not ours," Ron said to himself. Too bad arresting the git required a trip to his own department and five feet of parchment as required for arresting Malfoy. Every line had to be factually accurate because, knowing that git, his solicitor would have him out and home in an hour if every single thing wasn't properly documented. "Name?" Hermione had her quill out along with the requisite four feet of parchment for filing with the Wizengamot. "You know my bloody name, Granger." She looked up from the parchment and inkwell and gave him a foul look. "Every moment that you annoy me is another moment before I send an owl for your solicitor. Every moment that you are shirty with me is another one that I will make sure that I speak with your solicitor and leave you in a cell downstairs. Every moment that you impede the job I am doing for the Ministry is another one I will have added on in the Wizengamot. See, unlike four years ago, the Wizengamot has changed. It's not a sure bet you will walk out a free man. They take probation violations as seriously as the original arrest charge. Your name and lack of galleons can't buy your way out of violating your license." "Fine," he scowled. "Draco Lucius Malfoy." Hermione wrote and Draco saw how hurried yet legible it was. "Residence?" "Christ, Granger, are you an idiot?" "Mr. Malfoy, if you give me any more cheek, I will slap that smug grin all the way to Cambridge." "Fine, Granger. Malfoy Manor, Wiltshire." "Wand, length and core, please." The please sounded forced. Malfoy handed over his wand. "14 inches, Walnut, Dragon heartstring." Hermione made a note of it and handed it back. "Why are you giving my wand back to me?" Hermione took a deep breath. "I'm not the one who confiscates wands, Mr. Malfoy. I leave that to the bailiffs who are responsible for holding your property." Hermione kept writing until an interoffice memo landed on her desk. She opened it, shook her head, and binned it. "Please tell me that's a note from my Solicitor that I'm free to go?" "Actually, Mr. Malfoy, it's from the Director of MLS. He says that since your arrest report stipulates you broke your license, you are to be held for a hearing before you can be released into your solicitor's custody." "What!" Draco stood up and Hermione's wand was in her hand, pointed at him. "Either sit down now or I will immobilize you, according to the protocols established by the Wizengamot in 1998." Draco dropped into the chair next to Hermione's desk. She lowered her wand and picked her quill back up. "I didn't violate my license. I've been meeting with my case manager weekly and attending meetings. I never signed off on the no-drinking stipulation. So I could have a drink at the Leaky before flooing home." Hermione kept quiet but listened as he prattled on, slurring a word here and there. "I was at the bar, having a drink, and she walked up. I asked her to join me in a Firewhiskey and she refused. I tried again and she said no. I asked a third time, putting my hand on hers." "That's battery, Mr. Malfoy." "No, it's not. It's me touching her hand in a friendly way. I didn't hurt her or have any intention of hurting her." "She refused you twice and you still did it. That's battery, Mr. Malfoy, according to Wizarding Law and English Muggle Law. It's been that on the books for decades. You can't touch people after they tell you no. Didn't you know that?" "That's a stupid law." Another memo flew into the office and hit Hermione in her hair. She removed the over-sized parchment and scanned it. "Your hearing is scheduled for Monday before a full bank of the Wizengamot. It seems the Ministry is taking the arrest seriously. The witch you battered – " "It wasn't assault and battery!" " – was under 17 and thus a minor under Wizarding Law. Assault and battery on a minor is worse." "It's bullshit." "That's the arrest report, with two witnesses, not counting Auror Weasley." Hermione looked up and Draco leaned back in his chair as far as it would allow. The snarl on Hermione's face was murderous. "Director Sutcliffe has asked me to prosecute, Mr. Malfoy. Whether the witch holds up under