Many thanks go to Lisa because I rang up some massive debts on our friendship account over the course of my writing this fic, and thanks also to Kyp, who also suffered! Warning that I am not a baker, and whilst I tried to make it accurate, I am sure that errors crept in. Life in the Flour Power bakery had fallen into a routine of sorts. At five in the morning, Rose would stumble out of bed, downstairs to the kitchen, and clean every inch of work surface. Molly would join her at 5.15, and the kitchen would be veritably humming with charms as the two witches prepared ingredients for the day. By 6.30, they would stop for breakfast, yawning through their second cups of coffee, Rose spreading jam on her slice of toast. The actual baking would begin in earnest soon after. Rose would head to the front of the shop at 8.30, the first few platters following behind like little ducklings. They settled into place on the counter with a flick of her wand. At 8.35, Scorpius Malfoy would make an appearance. "Morning, Malfoy," she greeted, sipping from her chipped mug. It had definitely seen better days, but her Uncle Harry had gifted her with it when she'd first started working. She couldn't quite bring herself to get rid of it, even if it did have 'Crumbs!' writ large on one side. Usually, she wouldn't drink in front of a customer, but she'd given up standing on ceremony for her old yearmate months ago. He'd made it clear he didn't expect it, and it was too early in the day to deny herself coffee. "What do you fancy today?" He stepped up to the counter, leaning his elbows on the polished top, face lit with amusement. His scarf, a knitted affair which her own grandmother might have produced, hung loosely around his shoulders. If she were in the habit of noticing such things (she wasn't), she might have thought it picked out nice tones in his grey eyes. "Weasley. Have to say, this is a better greeting than I received on Friday." The last of this was directed over her shoulder to Molly; Rose turned and raised an eyebrow at her cousin, busy setting out the first of the day's biscuits. "You asked after your favourite little tart," Molly retorted, not bothering to look up. Despite the irritation in her voice, the biscuit rows were as neat and precise as ever. "You're lucky I didn't hex you into next week. Rosie, I'll be out back." "Took an hour for my tongue to unstick from the roof of my mouth," Scorpius confided in a low tone, though there was something about his upturned lips that suggested he wasn't all that bothered about it. The confidential note to his voice, the tilt to his head, conspired to give the illusion of intimacy. Rose swallowed hard, and backed off. "You should have told her you meant the strawberry," she reprimanded, using a cloth to wipe the work surface for no reason other than to give her hands a purpose. "Where were you on Friday?" Scorpius asked, not moving from his position. Her face heated at the memory, and she ducked her head, smoothing down the front of her apron in an attempt to justify the movement. "We're trying these new Cheering Charms in cupcakes, but I must have overdone the spellwork. Couldn't stop giggling, so Molly had to take my shift out front." "Should have fed them to Molly; she might have cracked a smile." Rose had to bite back a smile of her own at that. It was true, Molly didn't like the front-facing part of the bakery all that much. "If you didn't goad her, you'd find her merry enough. Most people do. Okay, Malfoy, what's it going to be?" "I could use a little Monday morning cheer if you have any of those cupcakes going," Scorpius suggested. "They're not officially out for sale yet," Rose deliberated as the tintinnabulation of the shop bell sounded again, signalling their second customer. "I'd have to make you sign a disclaimer, and your co-workers won't thank me either, if I've overdone it again." He grinned down at her, finally stepping back from the counter to allow Mrs. Allen to pay for her four pains au chocolat. "I'll deal with my co-workers, Weasley. Hand me my cheer." "It's a Sickle extra for anything that isn't on the shelf," Molly said primly, re-entering to present Scorpius with the disclaimer. "Pay up and go, Malfoy. You'll put people off their breakfast." At times like this, Rose wished she'd never come up with the idea of the intercom, which allowed the person in the backroom to take orders from the front. Scorpius signed the disclaimer with a flourish, without taking time to examine its contents. Rose's mouth twitched, and she slipped a pistachio twist into the bag along with his cupcake. "Kind of you to sign over your possessions to us in the event of sudden death," she commented lightly, holding out the bag to him. "Most people take that clause out." "I like to live dangerously where baked goods are concerned," he replied, winking at her. "That's why I let Miss Molly serve me. Suspecting that she might poison me one day livens up my mornings. Here - no, keep the change. Put it towards a batch of Silencing Cookies. You can call them 'Silence is Golden', and test them all out on your cousin." If Molly hadn't placed a blanket ban on swearing in the shop (a result of Rose's early tendency to burn herself taking things out of the oven), she likely would have turned the air blue at that point. Instead, they both watched him leave, at which point Molly started fumbling through her pockets. "Merlin, I swore I had one of Uncle George's Ton-Tongue toffee reversals on me." Alarmed, Rose finally looked away from the door. "What - he hasn't snuck any more in, has he?" "I didn't think so until I saw your tongue hanging on the counter just then." Rose swatted at Molly's shoulder. "Oh, go bake some bread." Molly flashed her a grin, and disappeared. "Having my toes nibbled by Jarveys. Moaning Myrtle haunting my bedroom. Diagon Alley on a Saturday afternoon. In August." Rose glanced at her cousin, pausing with her fist raised mid-air in front of Albus's serpentine knocker (one of James's acquisitions, since he persisted with House rivalries long after everybody else had ceased to care). "Do I want to ask what you're doing?" "Listing things which are worse than Al's cooking," Molly replied promptly, folding her arms in front of her chest. Her reluctance wasn't unwarranted; last time they'd gone to Albus's for dinner, they had been forced to close the bakery the following day. The scent of vomit had permeated their flat for another two days after that. Even so. That had been some time ago. He'd probably improved. Probably. Molly's eyes fixed on Rose's hand, still poised to knock. Sensing weakness, she began to talk rapid-fire, bringing up the orders they wouldn't be able to fulfil if they fell ill. Her argument was persuasive if a little dry, drawing on her father's teachings. "That's true," Rose said after Molly advised it was unlikely that Albus would manage to provide an edible meal in a decade, let alone in two years. After all, he had once managed to set rice on fire. She knocked anyway. "I'm here against my will," Molly announced to Albus's startled face on the other side. "We brought alcohol. And bread. I suggest that's all we consume this evening." Molly pushed past Albus, who shook his head at her. "You told her she didn't have to come, right?" he asked Rose, drawing her into a hug. Rose shook her head once he'd released her, stepping inside and closing the door behind her. "Actually, I told her that I had no intention of suffering on my own, and pulled the older cousin card." She handed the bottle of McLaird's Magic Rum over, freeing up her hands so she could remove her coat. "Why does that only work with you and Victoire?" She smirked at Albus in response, turning to hang her coat on the hooks by his front door. "Merlin, Al, how much are St Mungo's paying you? This a new cloak?" "Not mine," he answered over his shoulder, disappearing into the kitchen after Molly. She stayed a moment longer, looking around his living room. It was a sign they were all growing up, she supposed. Enough time had passed since she'd last visited that the house literature was medical journals rather than topless magazines, and the place actually looked clean for once. "Al, did-" Rose paused in the entrance to the kitchen. She was unsurprised to see that Molly had seized control of the kitchen, but surprised to find that the owner of the cloak appeared to be Scorpius. She knew, logically, that he was friends with Albus, but she crossed Albus's path so little these days that they tended not to socialise with people outside the family. "Did what?" Albus asked, wrestling his spatula off Molly. "Molly, how am I supposed to learn if you don't ever let me try?" Undeterred, Molly used her wand to turn up the heat under one of the saucepans. "You're supposed to stick to what you're good at. Assuming you can find anything." "I reckon he's intending to make us all sick, so that he can practise his healing skills on us," Scorpius advised in a low tone. Rose's lips quirked up in a smile, and she found the courage to pull out the seat opposite his. Somebody (Aunt Ginny) had even invested in a tablecloth, a blue striped affair with no questionable puddles in sight. Times certainly were changing. "Last time, I fed him for a week straight, once we'd all managed to stop hugging our respective toilets. I think he's after more free food." "You're all ungrateful bastards," Albus announced loudly, disarming Molly and forcing her into a seat. "Good golly, Miss Molly, you're hard work today. Did Rosie piss in your cereal this morning?" Despite knowing it was a joke, Rose couldn't help but turn red at that, but it seemed to do the trick with Molly, who laughed openly. Perhaps she'd satisfied herself that food poisoning was unlikely. "Rum time!" she announced, seizing Rose's wand from her back pocket and summoning four glasses. "How much rum does it take for you to be likeable, Malfoy?" Rose winced, but Scorpius didn't appear to take offence. "Don't think anybody's managed it yet, Weasley." "Sounds like a challenge!" Molly enthused, pouring out four even measures. It was some relief to find Albus's food was overcooked if anything. The chicken was a little tough, and grey vegetables turned to mush under Rose's utensils. The food at least helped combat the frequency of Molly's refills - Rose had taken to covering the top of her glass with her hand. "Which of you two reprobates is opening tomorrow?" "I'm afraid I'm not familiar with any reprobates, so I couldn't possibly tell you," Rose answered with a grin, mashing what may have been aubergine in a previous life onto her fork. In truth, they weren't opening until noon the following day, but Rose already felt uneasy enough about any disappointed customers without discussing it further. "How did the cupcake go down? Have we been blacklisted from your work?" Scorpius laughed, and she noted that he was pushing the chicken around on his plate without actually eating any. "No, my - er, my clients found it very amusing." "Your clients?" she asked, setting her knife and fork down together on the plate. She loved Albus, really, she did, but enough was enough. Thank Merlin they'd brought their own bread. She tore off a piece, mulling over what precious little she knew about Scorpius other than