Remus was six. He was six and enjoying the fact that his dad was home from work early. There had been something wrong with his job lately which meant that Remus hadn't seen him for more than an hour before it was time for bed. But now his dad was back a whole three hours early and had a big announcement for both him and his mother. They were going on holiday! His dad had hurried in and told his mum first and she didn't seem all that happy with the idea. But then Remus shouldn't have been listening in so he hurried back to his room in high spirits. Dad came up the stairs once he had finished talking to mum and packed all of Remus' clothes and special toys, telling him about all the exciting things they were going to do. By night time Remus was bundled up in his coat whilst his mum argued about their holiday with his dad. Remus didn't see why his mum was objecting so much. Dad had been promising for ages to take them on holiday and now he finally was. She eventually calmed down enough to get in the car and soon they were on the road. The car was making its funny sounds again as they wound across the country roads to the village. Mum had stopped talking all together when they saw the first house up ahead whilst Dad was muttering to himself and glancing at the sky every few minutes. Remus tried to see what was angering his dad so much but every time he glanced out the window he could only see the night sky with its twinkling stars and the moon that always caught his eye when he was allowed up late. He couldn't see anything that should have angered his dad, especially since they were going on holiday. The car hit over a bump in the village and Remus giggled as a swooping sensation assaulted his tummy. He always liked going over bumps and down hills because of that tingly feeling. His giggles were cut sharply off when his dad screeched the car to a stop. Remus held his hurt chest from the sudden stop. His dad poked his head out of the car window and Remus looked out too. His mum had started to sob in the front seat which made him confused, they had only hit a bump after all. His dad sped the car up again. It did another sudden stop and his dad tried to reverse but stopped again. His mum was almost screaming now and Remus started to panic from the mix of emotions in the car. His dad said a bad word as he got out the car and shouted at his mum to do the same. Remus was fumbling with his seatbelt when his dad tore it off for him and pulled Remus into his arms. Naturally he struggled since he was six and had been able to walk for years now but an abrupt reprimand shouted at him made him stop. Mum was clinging onto Dads elbow as they briskly walked over to the shop on the corner. There was a rustling from some bins and a cat screeched out causing his mum and dad to sprint over to the shop. Remus felt delight wash over him as his mum took out her wand and opened the door but it was soon quashed when the gray kitty that had spooked his parents was killed. All he heard was a hissing yowl as the cat arched his back before something big and black bounded over and with one shake in its Jurassic teeth shook the cats neck broken and sent a limb flying. Remus was vaguely aware he was screaming and hitting his dad to get away. The monster had heard him and lifted itself onto its trunk thick legs to let out an ear piercing howl. His parents were inside the shop and locking the door with magic when the howl was answered. Responding moans joined the first from all around the village becoming one loud tune in the night. His dad shook him harshly and shouted at him so he quietened his screams to sobs much like his mothers. His dad turned to soothe her "We just need to outlast the moon. That's all darling." He set Remus on the counter as something large slammed into the door. The glass shattered from the impact and rained all over the shops floor. Remus was grabbed again and shoved into a small cupboard in the back while his mum and dad turned the house upside down for something. It was dark and he couldn't see anything. His hiccups drowned out most of what his parents said to one another. Growls and howls sounded in the shop front and Remus felt himself gagging from fright. Bangs and shouts of foreign but familiar words were sounding just as something snuffled under the door he was behind. His voice left and his limbs seized as the nose journeyed up the door and stopped where Remus' face was. The monster crashed into the door just as his father shouted at it. The wood was splintered from where it had charged and Remus' limbs went into overdrive. He opened the door hoping to take shelter next to his dad. Remus ran for the kitchen at the back of the shop where light bounced off roaring monsters. His dads face was set in concentration as his arm flung around wildly but paused when Remus ran in the room. This was all they needed. A pause in the attack meant that, just like the cat, his dad was tossed lifelessly around in the monsters blood coated jaws. Remus screamed as blood pelted itself onto him from his fathers missing meat that was being shared around the group in the kitchen. He found his legs again when he realised the barrier between them and him was gone. He had meant to run to his mother but was sidetracked as a monster prevented his path. He turned to the stairs instead and just made it up under the hulk that bared down on him. An open doorway into someone's bedroom provided the cover he needed. He dived in but came up short when teeth clamped around his leg. Pain erupted and he tried to scramble away making the teeth clench harder and his skin rip more. There was a table that he tried to use for leverage but all he managed to do was knock a jewellery box onto the floor. As a last resort he chucked the box at the monsters snout. The box exploded and spilled its contents onto its jaws. Miraculously that worked. The monster hissed in pain and let go of his leg but instead of relief he expected to feel at the loss of teeth another pain took its place. This one felt like a thousand jaws were twisting his bones any way possible until they snapped. His hand slipped in a puddle of sick that was steadily streaming from his broken jaw. A broken shoulder was the limit of his pain threshold since he passed out after that. He woke up in agony. His leg was heavily bandaged along with various other parts of his body. Whining and trying not to cry he sat up and came face to face with twelve other children in a similar condition to himself. They were in a heavily padded room with no adults of windows to tell them where he was. The eldest that was there was thirteen and when Remus really looked at the other children he realised he knew them. These were the children he played with in the village. Over the next couple of months Remus learnt a lot of things. The creatures that attacked the village were called werewolves much like the ones his dad used to monitor at work. It seemed that as Remus and the others had been bitten they were now werewolves themselves which made some of the older children start crying. Remus learnt that the attack was because a ministry member, which was where they were, had angered a rogue werewolf who had taken his revenge by slaughtering and turning the village that said ministry member lived in. Most of the people in the village were dead the workers told them but they didn't tell them what happened to the adults that were turned just like them. He learnt later from the thirteen year old that only the ones under age were being kept alive for rehabilitation. The others were executed. The rehabilitation programme came into work the night the attack happened. It seemed the ministry didn't want to take another chance of a slaughter happening again so only the under age ones were allowed to live. The rest of the werewolf population had been given the right to be shot or killed on sight. The cells they were staying in were the ones previous adult werewolves had been in the night of the full moon. The cautious ones that didn't want any trouble and now were facing a silver bullet to the head. The programme for them was meant to make them more productive members of society and thus reduced their rights to that of house elves. They were to be given work and house from a pure-blood family who would take care of them. But in return they had to know their place. They were as of the slaughter no more than animals up for adoption. Five months was all it took before the ministry decided they didn't want to keep the children anymore and allowed the pure-bloods to view and choose from the group they had made. The younger ones, such as the four year old girl who Remus had pushed in the mud once, were the first to go. The pure-bloods said they could work on breaking them in if they had little brains from their previous life. Quite frankly Remus was appalled at the pure-bloods. There were no nice ones that he had seen since the McKinnons. They had came in and adopted the thirteen year old with promises of new clothes at their house. Whilst the others that had came in had assessed them like pieces of meat and took what little they had before giving them rags to change into in front of the ministry worker. Week after week his group dispatched into new homes. The Blacks had taken a small boy of eight whilst the Goyles had taken the girl that the nine year old in the group had sworn to marry eight months ago. The Malfoys, Gamp, Nott and Yaxleys all came and took their new pets until it was his turn. His family came in the door with bright smiles on their faces. They were a couple in their late thirties who had taken to Remus immediately. The paperwork had been drawn up and sorted in hours and soon Remus was theirs to take home. They didn't make him put on rags straight away and instead fussed about how many scratches he had on his body. One floo ride later and Remus was introduced to the Potter house. It was a large manor situated on the outskirts of a village. They showed him the cellar first which was where Remus would be changing on the full moons. Then they led him on a little tour around the house where they showed him his room. It was much like the other bedrooms to which Remus was surprised. He was told that he was to be their servant not their guest. "Is he here yet?" Someone yelled climbing up the stairs in speed. A small boy roughly his age was panting in front of him. He held out his hand and grinned largely "James Potter nice to meet you." Remus was confused, he was meant to serve them