Coming of Age. The forest is not my favourite place. I do not trust these trees and there is an appalling lack of stone here. When I befriended a wood elf I did not realise quite how much time he would require me to spend, actually in the woods. Sometimes I wonder at my obvious lack of common-sense becoming friends with the elf. While I would never wish away our friendship, life would be so much easier if Legolas were a Man…or a dwarf Aragorn laughs at me now as I follow him through the foliage, towards our camp, complaining as I go. He is no help at all. "How much further, Aragorn?" I grumble. " Surely we have gone far enough. Some of us have shorter legs than others, and some of us are far less enamoured of trees. I will never know what you and the elf see in them." "Peace, Gimli," he smiles back over his shoulder at me. "We will stop soon enough... Listen to them... Do you want to spoil their fun?" Ahead of us are Legolas and Eldarion, mischief-making in the trees. Eldarion has grown much since I last saw him; he is lanky and gangly, all awkward angles. He is almost a child no longer, but still a boy, not yet a man. When he heard we were planned a retreat to the world outside Minas Tirith—to find respite in the woods, just the three of us—he begged to come along and surprisingly, this time, Aragorn agreed. And now he has run off with the worst possible influence—the Elf. "I cannot believe you have let him loose with Legolas," I sigh. "Aragorn, have you no sense?" And he just grins back at me. "I have no worries with Legolas. He loves Eldarion almost as much as I do. He will not let any harm befall him." "No harm, no. But what of the terrible behaviour he will teach him? Legolas is not exactly calm and sensible." Aragorn opens his mouth to reply, probably with cheek, when the laughing merriment ahead of us in the trees is broken. "Eldarion!" That is Legolas and he is stern, at his most commanding. He can be that when he wants, though that is not very often. He reminds me of his father the Elvenking then. What is the boy up to that has caused Legolas to shout so? I feel Aragorn tense beside me and the woods seem suddenly silent, eerily so, before the strange peace is shattered by a crack, a splintering crash of branches. There is a child's cry of terror and then, a louder one, the elf, and that is pure pain. For a second we are frozen, the both of us. Frozen in time as if we cannot move, and then the boy's voice reaches us—it is high and frightened. "Father!" he calls. "Father!" And there is desperation in that young voice, desperation, urgency and fear. It breaks the spell that has held us fast and we are running—blindly running—towards that sound. The boy is knelt in the middle of a clearing, broken branches surround him, but at least he seems unhurt. He lifts his face to us as we enter. We are short of breath and panting from the run and the boyish face that greets us is white, wide-eyed and pale. Beside him on the ground is the elf, that foolish creature, and it is obvious to all that he is hurt. He is as white as the child—his face a grimace of pain— and he clutches his leg, blood oozing through his fingers. When I see what he has done I feel sick A piece of wood, a branch, has impaled his thigh. Did he land on it? Or did this happen somehow in flight? Whatever the cause, it has made a mess of him. It must be agony. "What happened?" Aragorn is instantly at his side, instantly the healer. Even he pales at the sight of this injury. "What happened, Legolas?" " I fell," Legolas replies through gritted teeth, and Aragorn rolls his eyes for Legolas never falls. It is an obvious lie. He turns then to Eldarion. "What happened, Eldarion?" The boy stares at his father, and I feel sorry for him. He looks terrified. "Father—" he begins, but Legolas cuts him off. "I fell , Aragorn. That is all. It was foolish and I pay the price. Can you stop questioning me and help me?" He is failing to control his temper, but the pain must be agonising, so I do not think I will hold that against him. Aragorn gives his son a measured look and then, suddenly, he is all action. "Eldarion. Go back to the camp. Get my pack and bring it here. Now! You can find it?" "Yes, Father!" The boy leaps to his feet. I think he is keen to get away, and I notice he is shaking. This is a nasty injury and he loves Legolas with all his heart. No wonder it upsets him. I watch as Eldarion heads for the camp at speed and I am diverted only by Aragorn barking my name. "Gimli. Get behind him. I will have to remove this and it will be painful." "Painful?" Legolas gasps. "It is already painful." "Agonising then!" Aragorn snaps, "If you want me to spell it out to you." "Aragorn!" I snap right back at him. He is angry—I see that—but the elf has not done this on purpose; There is no need to speak to him so and I have no hesitation in reprimanding Aragorn when he needs it. King or no King. He has the decency to look shamefaced at least. I cradle the elf in my arms and hold him tight, for Aragorn is right: this will hurt. I will hold him still; I will not let him go. Eldarion is back then, out of breath, for he has run at speed. He has his father's long legs and youth to help him. He deposits Aragorn's pack by his side and stands uncertain, not looking at Legolas, not looking at the hideousness that is his leg. He is young yet and injury is still a relative unknown for him. He is distressed and cannot hide it. So we watch as Aragorn, slowly, carefully, takes what he needs and lays it on the ground beside us; blade, scissors, potions and bandages. It mesmerises me watching the careful ordered way he does this. If it wasn't for the quiet, muffled groans of the elf as he lies in my arms, I would be fascinated by the dance Aragorn does as he prepares. At last he stops and picks up a vial. "You will need to drink this," he says, but Legolas stubbornly shakes his head. He is a nightmare to care for. He always is. "I want my wits about me." "Believe me," Aragorn lowers his voice but I can still hear it. "You will not want your wits about you when I do this." "I need to have control!" Legolas hisses, and a part of me understands why he wants that. "Aragorn, do not embarrass me in front of the boy." The last is said very softly but Aragorn hears it. I know he does. He sighs and puts down the vial. It seems Legolas has won. Instead, Aragorn turns to Eldarion, who stands silent and rigid, watching it all with his wide, horrified eyes. "Eldarion." He suddenly sounds tired and burdened. "You must help us hold Legolas. Take his legs. Remember he is strong; you will need all your strength—your whole body—to hold him. You must stop him kicking you off. I need him very still to do this." The boy nods solemnly but both Legolas and I protest. The elf is foolish enough to attempt to stand then. To prove his wellness? To send the boy away himself? Sometimes I do not know how his strange mind works. But he barely moves; even that causes a cry of pain and Aragorn restrains him with a single hand upon his chest. "Aragorn, you and I can do this. The boy need not be here," I say loudly, but he silences me with a wave of his hand. "He will be here. Eldarion!" It is a command, and the boy quietly obeys. He kneels, takes hold of Legolas' legs and lays his whole growing, young-boy, body across him. And then Aragorn raises his knife. "I do this only because I have to, to help you," he whispers softly to Legolas, the knife hovering above the skin. "I know," Legolas murmurs back. "Do it, Aragorn." And the knife descends. Aragorn is skilled. He moves fast as the blood surges up, a wave of red through the wound. There is a hiss from Legolas when the knife pierces the skin and then a cry as Aragorn slices deeper. I feel the elf twist himself against me. He is so strong, holding him still is not an easy task. There is a muffled gasp from Eldarion that tells me he struggles also. Then Aragorn drops his knife. His hands grip what remains of the branch in Legolas' thigh and he pulls. And Legolas screams. It is a hideous sound. I wish I could forget it but I do not think I will ever be able to. And then, suddenly, he is still. I wonder if he is no longer conscious— I would not be surprised—but he is awake. "Is it done?" he asks, and his voice is hoarse and raw. "It is done," Aragorn says gently. His hand presses against the wound where blood still flows, and the elf collapses against me. There is a sob in the quiet and I look to the boy where he lies spread-eagled across the elf's legs. He is crying, tears stream down his cheeks. This is too much. He is just a boy and I am angry at Aragorn making him be here. We could have done this without him. Aragorn bends low and speaks in Legolas' ear so only he and I can hear. "I must clean this now and open it up. It is not an easy job. Will you take the sedative? Please Legolas, for my sake if not your own." Legolas' eyes flit towards the boy and Aragorn, seeing it, turns and reaches for Eldarion, placing his hand upon his shoulder. "Eldarion," he says gently, "Go with Gimli. See to the camp for me. Stoke the fire and get us food. Legolas and I will be there shortly." The boy pulls himself to his knees. His eyes are reddened and his cheeks tear-streaked. He turns his eyes for the first time towards the elf where he lies against me, gasping. "I am sorry Legolas," he says. But Legolas makes an attempt at a smile—I know not how he manages it—and waves him off. "I should apologise. I kicked you, I think." "It does not matter," Eldarion murmurs, hanging his head, and I think the boy has had enough... I will get him out of here so he can begin to breathe again. Aragorn gently supports my exhausted elf as I ease myself away from him, although I admit I am reluctant. But the boy needs support and his father must give all he has to Legolas. So I will take Eldarion under my wing until Aragorn can care for him. I will do that for my friend. As we head across the glade, towards our camp, I look back to see Legolas finally drinking that medicine of Aragorn's. At least the rest of the job will not cause either of them as much pain. Eldarion says little as we follow the instructions we were given and ready the camp. I give him jobs to do to occupy his mind. Legolas will need to sleep, so I set him to making a comfortable place for him to lie, and he