Authors Note: Thanks to Unnamed Element for the inspiration and help she provided for this. I have played fast and loose with Legolas' backstory here, because Tolkien gives us so much leeway, so I feel I can without it being AU. For those unfamiliar with the Silmarillion: Beleg was a Sindar Elf and master warrior from Doriath who became right hand man, best friend and companion to Turin, a rather unlucky, cursed and mournful human. He died when Turin, mistaking him for an Orc in the dark ran him through with his own sword. The reason for you needing to know this will become apparent later! Disclaimer: All Tolkien's, not mine. He came to the river to wash away the dust of the road. He did not expect to find the elf already there. His first reaction was to leave, to turn and walk away, to come back later when he could be on his own but something about the creature before him held him transfixed against his will. He was so graceful, fragile, and yet at the same time wild and untamed, afternoon sun glinted off the golden mass of his hair as it fell down his back and held Boromir a prisoner in its light, its beauty. He did not understand him. The elf did not turn, did not pause as he wrung the water from the shirt he was washing in the river. "Do you see anything of interest then, Man of Gondor?" he asked lightly. How did he know? How did he know he was here, that it was Boromir who watched him? "Forgive me. I apologise, I was..." What was he doing? He found he did not know. How he wished Faramir was here, he could help him communicate with this woodelf, this sprite. They had been on the road but a handful of days and he was no nearer solving the puzzle that was Legolas. He was so... different... so unlike anyone, anything, he had known before. Such a complete contrast from even Elrond and his folk, let alone Boromir himself. His little brother would have been fascinated by him. In the end he said what was, at that time, in the forefront of his mind. "I was thinking how much my brother would love to meet you." The elf turned round to face him then, dropping his shirt when he stood, and his eyes widened in surprise. "Your brother?" He answered hurriedly, eager not to cause offence, he did not want to make an enemy of this agile warrior. "I have a brother. He is younger and has ever been fascinated by your people; he grew up devouring all the books he could find in our libraries, of your heroes, Kings and Princes." "Ah," the elf bent to scoop up his shirt from where it had fallen, beneath the water at his feet, "Those are Elrond's people, not mine. No doubt I would disappoint him." "I do not think so!" He said that perhaps, more emphatically than he would like, but he knew his brother. Legolas, and his people, would mesmerise him. "He is younger then, this brother of yours?" Legolas looked at him quizzically, with genuine interest he thought. "Yes, he is younger, intelligent, learned, kind and compassionate, he is everything I am not." The stare he was fixed with then could not have made him feel more uncomfortable, it was as if Legolas sttripped the meat off his bones as he searched to the heart of his soul. "You are compassionate too I think," was all he said in the end. "Faramir should have come here," He did not know why he said it, what Legolas had done to loosen his tongue, the words spilled out of him without thought or intention, "It should have been him our father sent to Imladris, he is better suited for this job than I." "Why did your Father send you then?" Legolas was so blunt, so forthright, he did not mince his words and so he found himself despite all his reservations, telling him. "He does not see Faramir's talents. He is not fair in his assessment of him. He sees only my strengths and none of my brother's." The look he recieved in return was a grave one. "I understand. I too have a brother," Legolas replied after a pause, and for the first time he looked away, his eyes glancing off Boromir's face and out to the trees. "He is older... He was older." The last was a whisper he had to strain to catch on the breeze. Boromir seized on Legolas' graveness then with a surge of understanding, did he know what it was for one brother to be pitted against another? For the first time he felt a connection. "And your father measures you unjustly against him? Favours him in all things always?" "No!" There is horror, indignation and complete lack of understanding in that one word. "My Father loves us both, no matter our strengths and weaknesses, he sees them all. But my brother is gone and my Father is left with me. I am... not as suited to the things he needs me to be. I am not a very good eldest son, but now I find myself one. My father...he adapts." The smile at the end was a wry one. "But he loves me for what I am and would not have me change. Well, not much" Boromir found himself frowning then, he needed to be sure he understood this. "Your brother is gone?" The elf turned his back to him, and picking up a rock he threw it, hard, with anger, out into the river. The was rage behind that gesture, so much hidden rage. "He is dead." His lilting, singsong voice was flat, expressionless, and so unlike him and Boromir found himself mortified. Why had Aragorn not told him this? Why had he left him unguarded to stumble across this pain? "Forgive me," he gasped. "I did not realise, I would not have-" "Would not have spoken of your own brother had you known mine is gone from me, Why?" "Because it causes you pain!" Legolas looked over his shoulder at him then and he saw those enigmatic, mystical eyes glinted with what he imagined were unshed tears. "You should not stop loving your brother because I have lost mine." "I would not have flaunted him." He wanted to help but he did not know how, this creature of light should never be burdened with grief. "I admit it still hurts, I miss him, he was my guiding light, my mentor, as you are to..." Boromir watched as the elf searched his mind for the name, "- to Faramir, I think." The smile that lit his face when he realised he had found the right name was a brilliant one and Boromir was blinded by it. He could barely move as Legolas gathered his things and came towards him so entranced was he. He startled at the fall of the delicate hand on his shoulder. "I shall have to make sure he doesn't lose you then, for I would have no one suffer the loss of a brother as I have done." Legolas said seriously, and then he was past him, gone and away. "The river is all yours Man of Gondor!" the cry came as he disappeared into the trees, out of Boromir's view. It was as if he had never been there, as if they had never had this conversation, had he imagined it? He didn't think he had. O~o~o~o The impossibility of it all weighed down upon him. So many lost, all of it on his shoulders. Boromir was just another in the long line of his failures. Why had he not been able to prevent this? Still there was no time for him to wallow, no time to pause and think. There would be no relief for him, they must be off, for while the hobbits might live he could redeem himself and he would not cease looking. He looked to the shore where the dwarf knelt beside the boat and could not help his eyes drifting across Boromir as he lay, cold, white, silent. He could not hold his gaze there. It was too much, too painful. "Where is Legolas?" he called for he had only just noticed his absense. How inattentive was he? "He has gone to collect stones to steady the boat though I do not think it necessary. He would not listen to reason, there is something strange about him, Aragorn." Gimli looked at him with expectation, it was written clear across his face...you understand him, you mend him...and he sighed. It was the last thing he needed, to deal with the strangeness of wood elves. "I will track him down then, we do not have time for this." He had a headache, it throbbed in time with his heart and made chaos of his thoughts, sleep would be good but he could not see any on his horizon. Why did Legolas choose now to indulge in his oddness? He found him not far away, around the corner, just out of sight, staring into the river as if it's waters somehow contained the answers to all their problems. "Legolas?" He knew Legolas was aware of his presence though he made no indication of it. It was so frustrating at times this deliberate pretence at ignorance. "Legolas, I do not have time for this. We need to move onwards. What do you do?" "I grieve for my brother." The answer surprised him, still Legolas was always surprising him, why should now be any different. "Boromir? I would not have described him as that. The antagonisim between you has grated and chafed at us for weeks. You did not trust him, I would even go as far as to say you despised him, but now when time presses down upon us you would grieve?" It was harsh, but then he was tired, bone achingly tired, and not in the mood for elvish misery. Legolas could be described as light itself, joyous, exhuberant, mischievous, he was all this but there was more to him than that. Aragorn had seen the edge of steel, imperious and intimadating, the Legolas who took no prisoners and showed no mercy, but never before had it been directed towards himself. Not like this, not with such vehemence. "Do not presume to know me Aragorn for I tell you, you do not!" The green eyes that usually shone so brightly now flashed with an anger that chilled him. The elf before him could be dangerous, he had always known that, but standing there now that potential was starkly obvious. His voice was cold as ice, he could cut him to shreds with that alone. Where had this come from? "I did not despise him. I tried to save him and I have failed. In Gondor, now, a man will grieve the loss of Boromir. The loss of his leadership, his guidance, his love. He will be as bereft and alone as I. It is my brother's loss that breaks me, my own brother. As Boromir's brother will be broken without him. I wished to prevent that, to prevent that man suffering as I have suffered, but I have not." He was stunned, left speechless, horrified and ashamed. Could he have handled this any worse?... Have got things any more wrong? The elf turned away from him then, bent down and gathered up his bundle of stones. He did not look at Aragorn, he did not acknowledge him. His back was unbending, shoulders rigid, fists clenched in anger and Aragorn reached out, grasped his friends arm as he pushed past him and held it tight. "Let me go. You are right. We do not have time for this, it is self indulgent." the bitterness in that voice of light tore at his heart; created rivers of grief