Because She Came Here With Me. Author : Howlynn Realm : The Hunger Games , Suzanne Collins Story Title : Because She Came Here With Me Summary : . I know, just an AU about what I wish happened at the end, maybe just a little bit. Canon until the hovercraft lands in district twelve, and then it's time to howl. Character/Relationships : Haymitch and Katniss, Gale/Johanna, Peeta/Annie, Darius/Delly I Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Author note: Fun happy ending, just cause nobody thinks I can write one. Well not a clean one anyway. Big Grin, proof I can ship in murky waters and not mention the other kind of happy ending. My mentor smiled, "Guess who else isn't coming, sweetheart." "Don't tell me. Let it be a surprise." They are all leaving me except him? Haymitch is all I'm left with? "Why are you going back?" His face calms and he raises his chin a little. "They didn't know for sure what to do with me either." "You're lying. They are making you aren't they. So we are both sent to hell? You sure Snow is dead? Seems like pretty harsh sentence for us both. What did you do? Must have been a good one?" I say. He shrugs, "It doesn't matter. Some things are worth hell. Now eat your sandwich, while I investigate hobby supplies." He rose and began searching systematically for bottles of liquor, tucking a huge stash into every tiny bit of space our bags have available. All this stuff must belong to him, I don't have more than a toothbrush and some stinking cream for my skin. I watch him abandon some of his possessions as he wraps bottles carefully in neatly packed clothing. I eventually fall asleep. We land in twelve. Haymitch has to carry me. I tried to walk, but I am just too weak. "I'm sorry you have to carry me." He rolls his eyes, "You weigh what, seventy pounds? I have suitcases that weigh more than you do." He settles me in my house by the fire. Sae has been here cleaning and a nice soup waits for us as a welcome. He hands me a bowl. It is dark before he has made the three extra trips carrying all our stuff into my entryway and dropping it there. "I am going to pick up a few things from my house. Can I get you anything?" "No. You're leaving already?" I smile with knowing venom. "I will be back in a few minutes." He says painfully patiently. "I won't count on it." I say back seeing the bottle in his hand. "Good. I have never been very dependable." He says with irritation before the door slams. I laugh and think I have seen the last of him. I wander into the kitchen pick up a paring knife and carefully slice my wrists. The morphling keeps it from hurting and I sit quietly on the kitchen floor, leaning in the corner against the cabinets, watching the red pour from me. I make more cuts and soon I feel the happy tired satisfaction of knowing a job well done. I hear cursing and feel jostled by something, but I am too tired and don't really care what it means. I am searching for her. She has to come for me. I just want to see Prim, but instead I see angry Haymitch and know I went to hell instead. I keep my eyes closed and ignore him. The sun is bright and I smell bacon. For a moment I think my head rests on Peeta. I snuggle to find a non-Peeta chest, belonging to my smiling mentor. I sit up quickly and glare at him. "What are you doing here?" "I bandaged your wrists, watched you breathe, made wild love to you and took a nap." "Jerk." I say crawling over him and heading to the bathroom. He pulls me back down on top of him and looks me intensely in the eye. "Rule number one, no more of this." He holds my arms up. "Nobody's coming back. You weren't supposed to either. It won't be long. I just have to wait for you to get drunk. You don't make the rules." I say glaring right back at him. He lets go of me, but for a second I see a little bit of hurt in his eyes. I come out of the bathroom. He is standing in the hall, arms crossed, glower set. "He will come back as soon as he can. He's in District Four now, at the new hospital. They are trying some innovative options. It is said to be the leading facility. Have patience with him." Shrugging, I wander down stairs and sit on the couch looking in the dead fire. Haymitch brings me a plate of stewed peaches in oatmeal and thick salty bacon and then builds the fire back for me while I pick at the food. Sae and he pass the time with conversation about who has returned, may return, or has moved on. I listen but I don't join them. I discover that Haymitch has welcomed himself to live with me. I don't speak to him for a week. Even when he changes the bandages I stare away from him. "You will bathe today or I will do it for you." My eyes widened. "You wouldn't." "Sweetheart, I assure you if you prefer showering together in your pretend catatonia, I will be pleased to oblige. Beings I can't trust you alone for more than ten minutes, don't trust me to be bluffing." He never looks at me and his voice never changes from calm, which was the way he delivered his most annoying statements. I push it until late in the evening. He finally sighs and stands. When he begins unbuttoning his shirt, I bolt upstairs and stand in the blistering shower with the door locked and my breath sucking the steamy air in fury that he thinks he runs my life. I lay in bed for a long time fuming and frustrated with him. Later when I woke screaming and Haymitch held me, shushing me and telling me that he's there, I am not so mad at him anymore. I cry and he kisses my head and tells me how sorry he is. There are people who return. Delly knocks on my door one day. She's back and her face shines in happiness. I look behind her and find a sheepish Darius, grinning at me. They are welcomed with pure joy. Peeta was confused. The person he thought was once our Avox, must have been a victim for some other reason. It makes us both cry to see him and he is scribbling answers to our questions as fast as he can write. Darius uses sign language and Delly interrupts most of the time. They are in love. This tiny miraculous spark of hope pulls Haymitch and me out of the doldrums. We go on walks in the evenings and I begin to feel stronger. He doesn't have to hold me every night, but when I need him, Haymitch is there. Months go by, and Haymitch and I find a rhythm. I patiently wait for him to pass out and he stubbornly showers me with his version of disdainful kindness. Sometimes, I feel close to him but the emotional blip usually only lasts a day or two before I go back to hating him, or simply playing indifferent to his insufferable sympathy. Buttercup returns. I don't drown him. Haymitch inconveniently refuses to drown himself in liquor. I pigheadedly await the word that Peeta is well or forever lost. Haymitch keeps planting seeds about how hard Peeta is working to be normal again. I refuse to die until someone admits that Peeta can't be fixed and come home and at the same time I refuse to get any better until he finds his way back to me. I can't betray him and just end myself if he's trying to get better for me. I am all he has left and if he needs me, I have to stay long enough to find out. One day Haymitch is on my phone talking in his sarcastic voice nearing a roar. He sees me, and his tone falls to a pleasant calm. "I will take care of it. Don't give it another thought, Peeta." But the way he slams the receiver in the cradle makes me jump. I wait in the hall, my heart thundering. He turns to me and clears his throat. His eyes are full of pain. I don't understand. "Is he ok?" "He's fine. Katniss, Peeta isn't going to come here." He wraps his arms around me. "I'm so sorry. He's not coming home." I don't cry. I grab my bow and run to the woods. I haven't been in them since I came home. Haymitch had taken me as far as the meadow, but I now escape into the deep woods. I find little here but forgetful moments that have moved on and left me dreaming of my life before I stood on the platform saying goodbye to my sanctuary. Sanctuary is lost to me now. Even the trees have forgotten me. Gale is gone. Peeta refuses to return here. Nobody will come to my rescue now. Even my mother has given up on me. Haymitch is stuck babysitting me. I didn't hunt. I just stare off into the green. I sleep in the cocoon of my woods, high in a tree. I wander aimlessly and don't return home until the next afternoon. I really only return for some answers. Haymitch lay in the dining room, passed out. He's fallen out of his chair. Bottles surround him. He hadn't been like this since before he'd left for the Quell. He'd been counting on Peeta too. I stand there watching him snore for a while. He must be so lonely. I know he is fond of Effie and I wonder if the news that Peeta's not coming home, has made him realize that he'd made a mistake. I am only a burden to him, keeping him from whatever happy place he can hope to find. His Mockingjay has turned into a millstone. I wonder why he put his life on hold for me and I think that if he wasn't stuck here with a ghost of what could have been a girl until her sister burned, maybe he could find someone to make him content. I watched him sleep. His eyes are puffy and red. I didn't throw cold water in his face. I reach out and touch his hair. My fingertips brush his cheeks carefully. On the floor, vulnerable and without his mask of disapproval, I could see him better. I feel sorry for him. Everyone else got to move on after the war. I heard Sae talking about Gale being in District Two with a fancy job and an evening talk show that discussed government agencies and how people could be involved with rebuilding a safe fair administration. Haymitch is locked to a burden he'd never assumed. He had long ago gone above and beyond all mentor requirements. Here he is though, still shackled to his useless plucked bird. I thought of what life would be like without him, and suddenly I feel more shattered and cold than ever. His eyes open and focus on me. "Katniss, thank God." He wraps me in his arms and holds me sitting on the floor. "You got drunk?" I ask after a while. He drank every evening, but he hadn't failed to stop after three or four. I forgot this scene that had once