This is a sequel/spin-off to my Life as Dictated Series over on Potions And Snitches dot org, featuring Blaise Zabini as well as some more of Harry and Snape. It follows directly after Harry Potter and the Pretty Rock, so you should read at least that one, first. Also, this story *may* end up containing some spanking. Molly and Arthur haven't decided yet. Anyway, hope you like it! "Arthur," Molly greeted, coming to Arthur to kiss him as he entered the house. She heard her relief in her voice, even over just the one word. She'd been worrying all afternoon about Severus' little project, as well as about what to do with their own wayward son. "Welcome home." Arthur gave her a somewhat wary look as he put his battered briefcase down beside the door. "Something wrong, Molly?" he asked her. Molly shook her head, but found herself smiling, her anxiety melting away. "All kinds of things, none of them really very serious," she admitted. "But I do need to talk to you." "Alright," Arthur told her easily. "Let's have some tea in the kitchen then, shall we?" Tea. Of course. She had said it wasn't serious, hadn't she? And he'd just gotten home from work. He was tired, too. Besides that, she knew that her husband's way of taking a deep breath and slowing down to talk things over was helpful. But it was hard not to hurry him, and she fought not to ring her hands as he calmly found the teapot and the packet of tea and filled the pot with water before spelling the water to a boil and adding the tea. Leaving it to steep, he found their sugar jar and the milk and put them both directly on the table. "I'm listening, Molly," he told her, turning back to find a clean plate and open the biscuit tin. He was, too, she knew. Still, she waited for him to sit, trying to absorb his calm. They were polar opposites, in this regard, but it really was good for her to try to do things at his pace, at least some of the time. When he was settled, she finally spoke. "Ronald is suspended from school," she told him first. He met her eyes. "Ah," he said, with a slight smile. "What'd he do, then?" Molly frowned, fretting. Arthur was most likely smiling for her sake, not wanting her to feel bad for bringing this to him when he'd just gotten home from work. But Arthur was so soft-hearted. He truly hated when one of their children was in trouble, and she usually didn't mention anything to him that happened while he was at work. This kind of thing was her job, usually. But this really was a whole-family affair, given the suspension. "You remember the notice we got in August about the precautions taken to keep students away from the third floor corridor?" she asked. Arthur abruptly set his mug of tea down on the table, clearly rattled. "They didn't," he said. " He did," she told him matter-of-factly. "Not the twins, Ronald. Along with Harry, Hermione, and – you'll never guess – Theodore Nott and Blaise Zabini. Apparently, they are long-time friends. I hadn't realized Ronald was capable of keeping a secret for that long." She frowned. Come to think of it, Ronald had three other siblings at Hogwarts, who must have known about the friendship, and equally had managed to keep it out of her knowledge. Even Percy. What else was going on at Hogwarts that she didn't know about? "...anyway, they got all the way through, despite what sounds like some phenominally hard trials and high risk, at which point they all got caught at the end of the chamber and suspended. Ronald is upstairs." Arthur sighed, and pinched the bridge of his nose, overtly tired. "I'll speak to him," he told her regretfully. "Do you want to bring him down here, or should I go up and talk to him privately?" "Actually," Molly told him hesitantly, "...there's more. I do want you to talk with him, but first-" she frowned and cut off, unsure quite what to say about the issue. Arthur gave her a questioning look, and she finally just decided to talk, and sort it out afterwards. "It's like this," she told him. "I mentioned the other boy...Blaise Zabini. He's the child of Belladonna and Fernando Zabini, but his mother was imprisoned for killing, among others, his father. The boy's been living with the Luxanuses for two years." Arthur was listening patiently, but he clearly hadn't caught the thread yet, and Molly realized she was stalling. Not out of the fear that he'd veto the idea...but actually quite the opposite. She couldn't bring herself to refuse the boy – couldn't live with herself if she did – but she wasn't sure if she was ready for such a huge change to their family, so quickly. Ronald really didn't understand how having him here for his suspension and for Easter was different than having him visit...but that hadn't really been what Severus had been looking for in talking to her. If it had been, Severus would've found a way for the boy to stay at Hogwarts, or visit the Grangers. He'd talked to her, specifically. "...who've kicked him out," she spat out finally. "And declared him blood-traitor. For refusing to give information about Harry and Severus at the time of the adoption. The boy's been homeless for months and didn't say a word. As it turns out, though, he's been good friends with Ron and Harry since the beginning of the school year. Severus came to me this afternoon asking if we'd take him in." She ran out of words, and just looked at her husband, willing him to have a different thought than she did. Arthur looked at her, frowning, then closed his eyes and tipped his head back to think for a moment. Finally, he took a deep breath, and opened his eyes again. "Yes," he said. "Of course. What else can we do?" Molly looked at her husband, loving him enormously even as her heart thudded in her chest. "Arthur," she said softly. "His mother is Belladonna Zabini. He's been raised by Death Eaters..." He gave her a slight smile. "The boy's a blood traitor, Molly," he said soothingly. "And he's only eleven years old. Who better is he really going to find?" He smiled more widely, abruptly seeming less tired. "Besides, are you really going to tell me the idea doesn't appeal to you? Blaise Zabini, raised by...well, us? You can't see the irony in that?" Molly tried to frown, but it ended up teasing. "Arthur Weasley, we can not take the boy for the sake of some kind of a joke!" But she knew what he meant. They were the most famous family of blood traitors in all of wizardom. The idea really did have a lovely kind of...rightness. She just...hadn't really planned for the amount of work involved in adopting and bonding with a damaged eleven-year-old child. She'd thought Severus was nuts, and now here she was... "Alright," she told her husband. "All right. I suppose...yes, all right." "Mr. Zabini." Blaise looked up from the Potions homework he'd unfolded neatly onto a common room table and met his head-of-house's serious gaze. "Are you packed, Mr. Zabini?" the man asked. "Yes, sir," Blaise said steadily, indicating the trunk at his side. He was damned good at it by now, wasn't he? Fortunately the Luxanuses had provided him with new clothing only shortly before things blew up. He had good-quality, well-fitting clothing, his school books for the year, and enough galleons to buy the books and clothing for the next. They'd last. Hogwarts had been paid for in his father's will. All he needed for now was food and a bed. Maybe a desk. Yeah, great. I have those things at Hogwarts. I decided that getting myself suspended was a good idea why? He'd been taken care of until at least Easter, before this. And he could've stayed at Hogwarts for the Easter holidays, surely. It was only two weeks. And then what, genius? What exactly was your plan for the summer? He'd've had to throw himself on Snape's mercy at that point, anyway. Hey, the man owes me, he told himself firmly. Slytherins were not above a little guilt manipulation. Or straight up blackmail. Snape would probably not simply kill him. Kinda nice that that's not necessary though, isn't it? Perhaps getting himself suspended wasn't as stupid as it seemed. "Come on then," Snape told him. "Mrs. Weasley will be coming to pick you up in my office." "Mrs. Weasley?" Blaise asked. Hadn't Snape said he was going to stay with him? "Not that I mind," he said quickly. "But-" "Mrs. Weasley," Snape repeated, indicating for him to grab his trunk. "I spoke to her about the possibility of you staying with her for the Easter holidays, and she agreed. Your friend Ronald asked if you could stay for your suspension, too, and she was kind enough to say you could come early." "I am grateful," Blaise said carefully. Or at least I'm aware that I should be. At the moment, he couldn't manage to feel it. It was kind of her to take him for his suspension and Easter break. That gave him a place to go for the rest of the school year, so that the countdown on the amount of time Snape was willing to keep him didn't start until then. The best he could usually expect was about nine months. The Luxanuses had been the longest yet - almost two years. But he was in school, now. He'd be mainly out from under foot. Maybe people would be willing to take him for longer, if he wasn't actually living in their homes for more than a couple weeks at a time? Summer is longer, though. And he was older, now. The 'cute' factor was well over with. But then he was cleverer, now. More useful. Certainly the Luxanuses hadn't minded him helping out, when he could. And now that he was learning more magic- Yeah, great. I can kill a troll. I'm sure this Mrs. Weasley has all sorts of those around. But he could still damned well scrub. Not everybody had a house-elf. And the Weasleys are the last people I would expect to have the type of home to attract one. But then how were they paying for him? Three weeks, with four days off in the middle. It's just not that long, is all. But that pretty much confirmed that those three weeks were the best he could expect. Unless, maybe, he could work hard enough to actually earn his keep? He was almost old enough to get working papers. His brain had wandered, and now Snape was staring at him, expression unreadable. The silence had gone on too long. "Zabini-" he started. His tone was easier to read than his face. "Don't," Blaise cut him off sharply, then closed his eyes. Perfect kid, he reminded himself. He'd loosened up a little, since he'd lived with the Luxanuses for so long. He couldn't afford that sort of freedom now. He'd already stepped in it, with this last suspension. He'd been somehow completely unable to care what happened to him, even knowing how dependent he was on Snape's good opinion, so now he had to play catch-up. But he was not going to be able to have the conversation Snape wanted without losing all pride. "Your pardon," he told Snape, making it as sincere as he could. "I would prefer not to talk about it, please." Snape's expression didn't change, but he nodded. "Very well, Mr. Zabini. Just come with me." So this is the son of Belladona Zabini, Molly thought, looking down at the boy. It wasn't hard to believe, looking at him. The high cheekbones, luminous