Chapter 1 "Now, Bella, what are we going to do with you?" Aro queried. Edward made a defensive motion in my direction, but before I could blink there was a sound like impacting stones and the big burly vampire – Felix? – had grabbed him and was holding him back. I cocked my head, confused. "Now now, Edward," Aro tutted, "humans are not permitted knowledge of our kind freely. You know we must either kill or change her." "Can I ask a question?" Aro beamed at me, now his sole focus. "But of course, dear Bella!" "You read all of Edward's thoughts?" I murmured lowly, but I knew he could hear. Aro nodded eagerly. "Would he hate me if I became a vampire? I-I mean, I know that's why he left-" There was an intake a breath. "Bella, Edward would never-" Alice tried to say. Aro interrupted, his eyes light. "Dear Bella, I'm afraid you misunderstand. Your Edward did not leave you because he was tired of you, or because of your request for immortality." "I'm right here!" Edward growled fiercely at the Volturi leader. "I can answer for myself." "Well?" I demanded, turning to him. "You're making no sense, so why not have someone else explain it to me? You leave, I try to move on, and then, the second you think I die, you try to incite the wrath of violent, human-drinking vampires?" "Bella, not here," Edward pleaded. "Because they can't spare five minutes before I decide whether to join them or die?" I felt my jaw clenching before forcing myself to relax. "You presume you have a choice." The voice that spoke was soft and deep, like the sound of a orchestral cello solo. I turned to see the dark-haired brother – Marcus, who had previously been silent and vacant – fix his eyes on me. From the look on the guards' faces, they hadn't heard him speak in some time. "You're right," I affirmed, " I presume you want to either kill me, or collect me the way you wanted to collect Edward, and that I will get a say in it. You are saying you've already decided?" "I have," Marcus aired easily, turning to his brothers. "Have you not?" "Marcus, no," Edward growled. "It means nothing. It won't happen." What was he thinking? I observed the quiet leader of the Volturi. He had no expression on his face except of utter sadness, and yet with his eyes now focused on the here and now he had a great more presence. Like a man wizened beyond years, with all the authourity it brings. "Brother," Aro greeted happily, extending his hand to the man, who clasped it easily. They shared an intense look. "Fascinating." "Well, that's not completely rude," I grumbled, earning a sharp look from Caius but a snort from Marcus. Aro, however, looked mortified at my insinuation. "Oh, dear, is it really? My apologies, Bella, but it seems my brother's ability is useless on you as well." "And Marcus can…?" Marcus spoke this time. "I can see bonds, young one. I can see Edward's attachment – rather, obsession – with you," he sounded bitterly unhappy about it, "and Alice's love for you both as siblings. I cannot, however, see your side of it. Not your relationship with them, nor whether you would accept us as a coven should we change you." "So … you want to change me?" I assessed. "But only if I'm no longer loyal to the Cullens?" Marcus shook his head, but didn't explain. Instead, he rose from his throne – earning a startled look from Caius – and moved at human pace across the floor. While he didn't glide as cheerily as Aro, they seemed to have had the same lessons in presence and poise. His head remained fixed and his gait strong and refined. Yet his face was very mockery of the strength his stance portrayed. "Tell me …" Marcus rose, gliding closer, "how did your ties with the Cullens weather the separation?" I felt uncomfortable. "You're asking me to talk about my feelings? Now?" Marcus nodded, observing me carefully. "It is relevant. No one will mind a small delay in our meal." "I…Well…" I stammered, trying to collect my thoughts. "I'm here, aren't I?" "Indeed," Marcus murmured, looking between her and Edward with a flicker. "Yet, as my brother informs me, Edward left with no uncertainty to his contempt for you after declaring his unfailing, eternal love. How does such betrayal sit in you? Would you still stand by him? What would you be willing to do for him, besides travel half the world?" "Anyone would have come," I defended myself. Marcus stepped closer, observing my facial features carefully. "You did not answer me." He wanted to know how I felt about being betrayed? How I felt about Edward after all that? What I would be willing to do for him? When I was still in my comatose state, I would have done anything to have Edward back. I felt I had deserved his leaving because I wasn't beautiful or smart or rich enough for someone like him. But after Jake had revived me … I didn't deserve that kind of brush off, even if he was too good for me. He had decided to be with me, even if it wasn't permanently, and so he should have broken it off amicably and not have left with his entire family like I was some kind of leper. I should have had a chance to move on by seeing him happy without me, a chance to say goodbye to the people who'd practically adopted her … he'd taken away anything that had given her life meaning. "He took my life without killing me," I admitted, repressing the involuntary tremble trying to make its way into my voice. "If it was just him, it wouldn't have hurt as much … but I … I-I loved him, and loved being a part of a family." A gasp. Alice and Edward were looking at me with a look of surprise and then pity. "Bella," Alice murmured, "You have a family. Charlie..." I shook my head. "I didn't even know him until I was grown up, Alice. I never had a regular family, one where I wasn't the mom, the cook, the counselor, … wh-where we could do something together, or even speak together a-about anything . I never had a real family. And then you guys gave it to me, for a whole year. I should have been grateful for just having it that long, but … you guys never even said goodbye." "You loved the entire coven, not just Edward," Marcus surmised. "And then, to have him say they were leaving, like every word of love from not only him but his family was a lie … it was like being thrust out of somewhere you'd been told you'd belonged." I just nodded. The tears were coming, and I couldn't speak for fear of the crackle in my voice. I wished someone would speak, because without the distraction I was focusing on the cresting sadness I felt. As everyone seemed to consider my words, the tears started rolling and going down my cheek as I silently let them leak, not willing to be the loudest thing in the room. "Does the love remain in your heart?" Marcus murmured aloud. He moved to cup my cheek in his cold, marbled hands and raised my face to look into his. His blackened eyes seemed filled with an old passion. "I-I don't know," my words were stuttery and nervous. "I know it's silly." I was blushing. Only Jacob had dared get so close over the past few months, and even then he had to try multiple times before I could let him near and with such intimacy. I was scared he would break me or I him. With a Volturi King, the closeness seemed more inquisitive. It didn't bother her, merely embarrassed her to be under the scrutiny. "Perhaps I can prompt you in this regard," Marcus allowed, removing his hand from her cheek and approaching Edward. With hardly a blink, Felix had released Edward from his grip and Marcus had ripped off his arm with a terrible scream and a screech. "NO!" I ran forward, kneeling next to my vampire-ex. "Edward, are you alright?" He groaned, grabbing the stump where venom oozed. I rounded on Marcus. "What was that for?!" "A gift," Marcus expressed impassively, holding out Edward's arm. It was twitching frantically. "You can give it back to him, keep it until later, or burn it." "Then I choose to give it back!" I hissed. "Really?" Marcus asked, arching a brow. "He betrayed you. He kept you from your family. Surely a little vengeance would only constitute due justice." "Bella's not like that!" Alice interjected forcefully, her eyes blazing. "She would never hurt anyone!" "Ah, so it's nature and not the bond between you prompting the decision?" Marcus inquired, completely emotionless despite holding a twitching limb. "Do you wish to return it for him, or because of your sense of morality?" I stood and grabbed at Edward's arm, fixing him with a glare when he wouldn't release it. "I'd like my gift," I said through gritted teeth. "Once you tell me about your bond," Marcus persisted. "Do you still love this young vampire?" "It doesn't matter!" My free arm was flung into the air passionately. "He doesn't love me, so I was moving on! I was trying to be happy!" "Did you succeed?" Marcus interrupted my angry rant with his calm question. "Excuse me?" Marcus pulled on the arm we both held, drawing me closer. There was an intensity there, a quiet desperation. "Did you move on?" My self-righteous stance died. I slumped, my eyes no longer meeting his. "No." There was a moment of tension, and the arm in my hand lost its support and dropped to the ground, slipping from my grip as it did. I scrambled to catch it, but needed to pick it up off the floor. Marcus was giving me a resigned look. "Very well, you may return it to him," Marcus waved his hand at the crippled and incapacitated Edward. "Brothers." Marcus moved in a blur towards the throne room, a sudden swiftness earning yet another look from the many occupants in the room. With a touch of his hand, Aro seemed equal parts disturbed and intrigued. "Guards, take Edward and Alice to another setting while he recovers," Aro ordered them firmly. "And fetch Edward something to drink corresponding to his diet, as I'm certain having his singer nearby has tormented him. Do not allow them to leave. Bella will remain here. Renata? Santiago? Stay with her. My brothers and I must confer in private regarding this." All three brothers seemed to leave with a synchronized swish of their robes before disappearing behind the band of two large doors. Alice had taken the arm from my and was trying to get it to fuse even mildly against Edward's skin. Neither spoke to me as they were led out of the room, which suited me. The tears I'd been shedding and hiding for a month since I'd let Jacob in were now streaming unconscionably down my face. So instead of just standing around or talking to the guard, I simply went to the place on the great stone floor right in front of the raised dais, and sat down in front of the vampire king thrones. It felt kind of childish, sitting in front of there like I was in an elementary school assembly, but I wanted to be childish right now. I wanted to sit there, waiting for their verdict, alone. No such luck. A female vampire, black-haired and fixed with classic Roman features, approached me and joined me on the ground. She sat like a lady, though, with both legs out to the side as opposed