A/N A while back I wrote a O/S called 'Struck By You', about Edward and Bella reconnecting after a breakup. That night in the bar Edward spotted Emmett dancing with a hot blonde, this is their story, and I dedicate it to TheUnderStudy , who inspired me to bring out my inner Emmett. ;) Thank you a million times over to my lovely MustLoveRTP for being the best cheerleader even with the flu. Love you, lady. Tunes: 'All I Want' | Staind 'Save Me' | Staind The only reason I agreed to come to this shitty, self-absorbed club tonight was because Edward needed a night out. The guy needed to get his brains fucked sideways, is what he really needed, but he was still bent on Bella Swan. Not that I blamed him, that woman had curves for miles and a mouth that was made for some nasty play. Not that I would ever make a move, she belonged to him as much as he belonged to her, I knew this from the many nights I'd spent hanging out, drinking beer and watching god awful chick flicks with her while she bemoaned the loss of the love of her life. Those two needed to get their shit together and deal with themselves, it was quite frankly a royal pain in the ass to listen to them both cry about each other and not do anything to fix it. I, on the other hand, was down to get my nasty on tonight and I wasn't about to let Edward spoil my fun. I needed a good roll in the sheets and I was just about positive I could get one of these high-class broads to follow me home. The higher maintenance they were, the more they wanted the rough, unkempt bad boy to show them a good time. I wasn't above being that guy for a pretty woman. "Take it easy on the booze, man." I clapped a hand on Edward's shoulder. He'd had a rough time with the drinky drink, and was in counseling for life issues. You know the drill, anger management, booze, a chick named Bella. He'd come a long way though in six months, I don't think he'd even been in a fight in a while. Don't get me wrong, that prick could dole it out in the ring, better in the ring with me and a trainer than some dickhead at a bar making eyes at his girl, as had been his MO in the past. "I got this under control." He snapped back, staring at the crowded dance floor. "You need to get fucking laid, man." I nodded a thanks to the bartender for the beer I had ordered. "And you need to shut up." "Right. How about you just go ahead and get your fat head out of your ass and deal with Bella." This earned me the eat-shit-and-die look that Edward had become so fond of handing out over the last few months. I knew he wanted to hit me, so I just grinned at his stupid face. "Go away, Emmett." "You got it. Gonna go find me some gorgeous thing to dance with. You should try it, maybe lower your blood pressure." I smacked him against his back, downed the rest of my beer and took off for the dance floor. I worked my way through the pulsating crowd, everyone swaying, grinding and holy shit, two chicks making out, fuck yeh, buddy. I stopped and watched their beautiful moment, an Emmett sandwich totally played out in my head, but I wasn't dick enough to assume some shit. Still, watching was okay. A grin slowly slid across my face, I'm certain I looked like a total idiot, but who the fuck even cared, two chicks man, kissing. I was pulled from the glorious scene before me when a blonde haired goddess walked by a few people over. Damn, that hair was making me weak in the knees. Long, down a slender back, all silky looking and full of bouncy waves. Just right for pulling and holy shit, my dick was hard. I pushed my way past the kissing girls, taking time to mourn the passing of the moment, and tracked the leggy blonde through a gaggle of women who each had a guy attached to their ass. The blonde stopped at a tall, round bar table, setting a glass on the already full top and turned slowly on stilettos that made her already gorgeous figure appear that much leaner. Her snug red skirt stopped just before her knees and hugged the most amazing looking ass I'd ever seen. It was round and tight and my hands wanted to get a whole lot closer. She wore a white blouse, tucked into the high waistband of the skirt and as she turned, holy fuck, my jaw was in pain from hitting the floor. By the time I made it to her face, she was already watching me curiously. Her eyes were wide, a deep shade of violet blue, long dark lashes pulled together as a scowl rumpled her beautiful face, causing her plump red lips to purse. Oh fuck me now. I knew this woman. I knew this woman pretty fucking damn well. Actually, I'd known her years ago. Back when we were stupid college kids drinking beers all night and fucking until the sun came up. Rosalie Hale, the woman who had rocked my world so completely I'd never quite settled back into a graceful spin. Of all the damn clubs in the world. I walked straight up to her, grinning. Her arms crossed under her breasts, pushing them up toward the unbuttoned collar, glorious amounts of cleavage spilled forward and my tongue was practically begging to be set free on her silky skin. "Hey Rosie." I stopped toe to toe with the beautiful woman. "Emmett." She eyed me with slight disdain. "You here with anyone?" "What's it to you?" Her eyes lit like a wild fire. "Just wondering if I should be ready to have my ass kicked." I didn't allow her the time or breath to respond. My hands instinctively knew where they were meant to be, one wrapped at her waist, squeezing and the other found itself curled at the back of her neck, twisting strands of silky golden hair around my fingers. Tugging, she came full up into my body, her soft curves pressed against my chest. My lips met hers and I said a small prayer that I wasn't about to have my tongue bitten off. We hadn't exactly ended shit on a good note, not that I wanted to end it, but she was too fucking good for me. She came from high class, her parents were loaded and expected their princess to marry into more money and high society. I ran a bike shop and had grease monkey written across my ass. I let her go to make things right. Not because I wanted to. She was definitely the one who go away, not that I stopped enjoying myself or dwelled much on the fact that I missed her sassy and downright dirty personality. The woman was a fucking goddess; all sweet and proper in public, but behind closed doors, she was my fallen angel, she did things to me, physically and emotionally, that no one else had ever been able to do. As she sucked in a surprised breath, I took advantage and pressed my tongue between her full lips, tasting vodka and mint as her tongue met mine. I groaned when her hand ran up my back, nails biting through the soft cotton fabric of my shirt. Oh yeh, my body was reacting quickly and headed straight toward the explosive line. Her lips pulled from mine, causing a small jolt to run down my spine. Rose's eyes read loud and clear that she was shocked and slightly miffed. "What the hell, Emmett." She pushed her hand against my chest attempting to gain space. "You look beautiful, Rose." My brain was fried. I was picking up on her what-the-fuck-was-that vibe, but I just couldn't bring myself to react to it. "Emmett, we need to talk." "Let's dance." I didn't want to hear what she was going to say. I didn't want the heavy right now, I just wanted to feel her body pressed to mine, her breath on my mouth, her hair in my fingers. I wanted to do anything but talk. xRx I'd come to the club alone tonight with the intention of getting out whatever it was that was holding me back. I needed a night to myself as a sort of reassurance that marrying Samuel was indeed the right thing to do. To check out the single life one last time. I'd already said yes months ago, but my feet just became more and more achingly cold as our wedding day approached. In two months I'd be Mrs. Rosalie Uley, wife to one of Seattle's most prominent defense attorneys. Did I love Samuel? Yeh, I suppose so, in a very sad way. My parents loved him, so I must love him, right? How I'd ever gotten myself so far into this mess was beyond me. I never wanted this kind of life, high brow- high society did nothing for me. I was much more comfortable at a baseball game in jeans with a plastic cup of beer than dressed to the nines at some benefit. So tonight was my night, to see all the single people living life, they must be miserable and lonely, only they weren't. They were dancing, drinking and making out to overtly sexual anthems being blasted out across the club from a high-end sound system. Not one person in this stupid place looked nearly as miserable as I felt on the inside. "Hey there, pretty lady." Hot, sour breath hit my ear at the same time a hand grabbed my ass cheek. "I suggest you find someone else to harass." I didn't even look at the guy. "Awww, don't be like that, Sugar." His breath making me want to vomit. "Last time, guy, go find someone else." "What are you gonna do." He slurred as his mouth came even closer to my neck, almost touching me. Reaching back, I grabbed his wrist and bent it backward, facing him I grinned at the pain-filled grimace he wore. "I don't think you understood me, Creep. I said go find someone else." I let go of his sweaty hand and smiled. "Damn, bitch. Don't come up in here dressed like that if you don't want to fuck." "This is what's wrong with society, you, right here. A woman can't wear nice things because it means she wants a man to paw at her and fuck her. But if we only wore baggy pants and sweatshirts, you wouldn't want a damn thing to do with us. You're disgusting. Go home and get a life." "You're a dumb bitch." He glared at me once before bumping into a group of women who were dancing. Taking my vodka mojito, I twisted, bumped and had my ass grinded on, as I made my way to a small table. The level of sexual pheromones must have been sky high in this place. The dry humping was off the charts. And if I wasn't mistaken, there was some not so dry humping going on in a doorway across the room. There was a time though, when I would have been right there with the rest of them. Back in college, when I had not a care in the world and the best boyfriend in the universe. We'd go out on a Friday night and if we didn't have papers to write or studying to do, we'd be gone all weekend, staying in hotels, breaking beds and enjoying each other until we couldn't physically move another inch. I thought a lot about Emmett McCarty these days. We'd been together