A/N: So here's our first story. It's a more entertaining version of the Hunger Games. Welcome to the dark side. Katniss's perspective is in normal text, and Gale's perspective is in italics. Chapter One: Crazy Katniss Plays "Nice" So Gale has this new girlfriend. I don't even know her name. She's blonde, one of those typical pretty, merchant girls. I've never met her, so she could be incredibly nice and wonderful and Gale could be in the best relationship in the world, but I honestly don't care about Blondey (as I've so affectionately started to refer to her in my head) at all. She's caused a giant problem in my life, and that I cannot forgive. Said major problem is Gale's punctuality. She's basically destroyed it. In the month that Gale and Blondey have been dating, he has been getting progressively later to our meeting spot. Yesterday he was actually an hour or two late. I'm waiting for him to just not show up one day. I've tried to play nice and believe his lame excuses ("There were Peacekeepers swarming the square, didn't you see?" " Of course, Gale. Of course I saw the Peacekeepers."), but I'm beyond that now. Blondey is stealing away my hunting partner, and Prim's too thin for me to ditch him. Good hunting partners are hard to come across, after all. Besides, Gale's been my best friend for four years now. I can't say I'd handle losing him too well. Gale promised he'd be on time tonight, but the joke's on him because I'm going to be a little late today. I've got some… hunting of my own to take care of. / Damn Katniss and her controlling behavior. She doesn't get like this often, but when she goes on a control binge, she makes me aware of it every moment of my life. Most of the time, hunting in the forest with her is an enjoyable experience, and I actually look forward to it, but lately, she's made it a few painful hours of my life. Okay, sure, I've been pretty late the past few days, but doesn't she understand that there are other things going on in my life besides hunting? Katniss is making it really hard for me to want to even talk to her right now, but I've known her for way too long for this to ruin our friendship. We've survived harder times than this, and my girlfriend is the thing that sets her off? Seriously, four years of hunting together, and she won't allow me to have a girlfriend? Well, she better be happy because I'm actually going to be on time today. Something in the square catches my eye, and I recognize Katniss immediately. I'm momentarily puzzled over why she's in the square, but then I realize that she's cornering someone in an alleyway. And that someone is my girlfriend. / "Katniss, what the hell are you doing?" I take a step away from Gale's girlfriend, but I make sure not to let her out my punching range in case I need to put her in her place again. Lucky for me, his girlfriend looks so intimidated by me that she stays leaned back against the brick wall of the alleyway, seemingly paralyzed by my threats. I direct my attention over to Gale, crossing my arms over my chest. "Oh, lovely timing, Gale," I say bitterly. "It appears you can be on time for some things." Gale's eyes narrow at my comment, but he just repeats his question. "What the hell are you doing?" I look back over at Blondey and offer my most terrifyingly joyful smile. "We were just having a chat." Gale looks at me suspiciously, and, if his girlfriend was any less of an annoying person and was able to look less scared, I might have been able to ice over this whole situation with a nice dash of cheerfulness, but Blondey hates me enough to keep the shocked expression on her face. "Just having a chat, huh?" Gale asks darkly. "It definitely looked like a nice chat while I was running over here." I can't really figure out how to respond to that, so we sort of drop into an awkward silence. Gale looks over at Blondey to see if she'll answer, but she just silently asks him for help with her eyes. That coward. He looks his girlfriend up and down, and unfortunately I think he notices the slight swelling of her jaw. His thunderhead gray eyes light up with anger. "Katniss, did you punch her?" I shrug. I consider lying, but it tastes weird as it pops into my mouth. It's been a long time since I tried lying to Gale, which makes the whole situation funnier because Gale must lie to me a lot. "Maybe I did, maybe I didn't," I say. That comment is like trying to calm a bear by poking it with a stick. "What is wrong with you, Katniss?" he growls. "I don't see what I've done wrong here," I say. Gale's looks undeniably frustrated. "You can't just punch my girlfriend for no reason!" he shouts. "What is your problem?" "What's my problem?" I retaliate, suddenly feeling extremely angry at Gale. "What's your problem ? You're the one who's stopped coming to the forest to keep his own family fed! " "I have a life outside hunting, Katniss!" Gale says sharply. "Just because you don't doesn't mean you can't allow me something pleasurable!" I bristle and shrink backwards. "Okay, fine. I'm sorry I punched your stupid girlfriend. I'm just trying to keep our families alive. That's something you used to care about." I can tell that wounds Gale a little, but he's still not done being angry. He lets out a dark sigh and moves aside from the entrance to the alleyway. "You can just go," he says, pointing back towards the Seam. "Just go." I grit my teeth. "Fine, Gale. I'll just go hunt by myself for a little while just like I've been doing for a couple weeks now. I hope you're having fun doing whatever is the two of you do when we're supposed to be hunting." "Just shut up!" Gale yells. "You are such a problem!" I stalk away before anything else can be said. I keep my arms crossed over my chest in righteous anger until I'm out of view. Then I start kicking up rocks and killing all the bugs that scurry through my path to get rid of my anger. I mutter curses under my breath, some directed at Gale but most directed at Blondey for changing him. I stalk off into the forest to do some hunting, but it doesn't go very well. Gale doesn't show up at all, and I only manage to kill two rabbits in my rage. Gale's snares haven't caught anything either. Looks like we're going hungry tonight. Life sucks when you've lost your hunting partner and best friend all in one day. / I let Katniss get out of sight before I turn back to my girlfriend. She looks remarkably less tense with Katniss a safe distance away, but there's also a lot of confusion written all over her face. " Tulip, I am so sorry for whatever Katniss just did," I say, moving further into the alley to get a closer look at the damage done. She shakes her head, eyebrows knitting together a little. "It's… alright. It's not your fault." " Yes, it is. Katniss has had an extreme case of separation anxiety lately. She's just taking her anger at me out on you," I reply simply. I reach out and hook a finger under her chin to turn the injured part of her jaw towards me. I run my thumb over the bruise, and it feels swollen. " Gale—" " She hit you really hard, didn't she?" I ask. I tip her head back a little so that the light coming into the alley lands on the purplish mark. " I guess," Tulip replies. I know she's trying to brush it off like it was nothing, but I'm too pissed off with Katniss to let it go. " God, I'm sorry I brought the devil upon you," I sigh. "She's never going to like you— not that her opinion matters at all." Tulip turns her head back so that she can look up at me. "Do you think Katniss is at all jealous? Of us, I mean. Of our relationship." I find the idea of Katniss having feelings for a guy— let alone me— so offsetting that I immediately deny the possibility. "Katniss… jealous? " I say. "Somehow, I doubt it." " I mean, after she got her fist off my face, her main argument was the fact that you not coming hunting for hours on end was starving both of your families, but it seemed like there was something else going on beneath the surface…" Tulip says slowly. I reach out and grab her hand. "I highly doubt that she's jealous. I'm guessing she's literally just angry at me because I've been late. It's the sort of thing she gets stuck on." Tulip sighs. "Well, I certainly hope she's not jealous." I laugh a little. "She's not. If she had feelings for any guy, she'd be the last to know. She doesn't recognize things like that until they're standing right in front of her." Tulip smiles a little. "Whatever you say, Gale." I lean forward and kiss the bruised spot on her jaw, lingering just a bit too long for it to be considered solely comforting. "You'd better get home and put ice on that so that it doesn't stay too swollen and bruised." Tulip grins. "Whatever. These are the battle scars of winning Gale Hawthorne." I laugh and take her hand to lead her out of the alley. We walk in silence for a moment or two towards Tulip's house in the merchant strip. " Are you going to go hunting with Katniss after this?" Tulip asks. " To hell with that," I reply. "I'm done with her for today. I'll go when I know she's already trading." " Good, I'd hate for our relationship to be in the way of your family surviving," she says, looking down at the pavement. " It's not in the way of anything," I insist, leaning over to kiss her temple. "Katniss was just being dramatic. Forget about whatever she said." " Alright," Tulip replies. We reach her house, and she bobs up onto her toes to kiss me on the lips once. With a final smile, she goes inside— to ice her face, I hope. Then, I'm left to wander off towards the Seam to (hopefully) avoid Katniss until I'm calm enough to talk to her again. / The lone huntress sits unaccompanied at lunch- not like that's unusual. Oh well. I guess it's lonely at the top sometimes. I pick the knife up off my tray of food that I don't plan on eating. It's decently sharp- albeit a little rusty- and I could totally kill someone with it. And I think I know who I would like to stab most in this school. I watch Gale sitting with his girlfriend over on the other side of the lunch room with some of the other eighteen-year-olds. I'm pleased to see that there's a nice bruise on Blondey's jaw. They both look like they're having a jolly good time over there. I finger the blade of my knife and briefly wonder what it would feel like to sink it into the wood of this table. "Katniss?" "What do you want, Madge?" I growl before I can pause to think about who I'm talking to. I guess I'm just deflecting my anger at whoever's nearest. Madge looks taken aback by it for a second, but she sits down across from me anyway. My eyes shift back to Gale and Blondey, and Madge follows