Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games...unfortunately. A/N: Hello everyone! Sorry I haven't updated anything in forever. But I have a new hilarious story for you to read now ;) My twin sister and I decided we'd write this story together, and we just pass it back and forth, continuing the story. It started out so nice and normal...and then it took a turn down a strange alley. Basically, we ended up making it our goal to make it as strange as possible. My sister wrote in regular text, and I wrote in italics. Enjoy! This house is too big. And too… Capitol. It's making this whole "I've won the Hunger Games and now I'm rich and uppity and too important" thing even worse than it already was. Although, a couple of months ago, I probably would have been rolling around on the floor for the chance to be this rich and secure. I would have literally killed someone in order to not have to bust my butt every day doing illegal things just to scrape by… But that was a couple of months ago. Now I've realized that the money comes with great sacrifice. Too much sacrifice, actually. Too many children died in order for me to live here. I shudder as I walk down the stairs. At least I'll have Prim and mother here with me soon. The exact second the last of the Capitol presses leaks out of the district, they will be living here in the Victor's Village with me. I shove my way into the kitchen, expecting to eat my breakfast alone, but I find that someone else has decided they're allowed in my house— Peeta. He turns around when he hears the door open and flinches away from me before I can even do anything. He gently sets down the basket of bread that he was holding and looks at the floor. "Thanks," I say. He mumbles something, but his eyes immediately fill with tears, and he flees the house. It takes him a couple tries to get the sliding glass door open, which would be comical to watch if he weren't sobbing so pitifully, but eventually Peeta manages to get out of my house. I let out a deep sigh. He hasn't taken my announcement that our relationship was a total ploy to stay alive well at all. I mean, sure, I feel bad for the poor guy, but I'm still confused as to how he didn't know I was acting. I wander over to the basket of bread that Peeta left and lift the cloth napkin off the top. Neatly arranged inside, there are two loaves of bread, a stack of cookies, a plate of pastries... and some cheese buns. How on earth did he know I like those? For a second, I feel completely violated, considering this guy that I've only know for a month knows what my favorite type of bread is, but that feeling goes away pretty fast. I'm sure I probably mentioned it during training or something… But that, in turn, makes me angry. Peeta is making it really hard for me to remain indifferent to him. Angrily, I pluck a pastry out of the basket and take a bit. Curse him for making such delightful treats. If they weren't delicious, I would be totally against them. However, they are some of the most delicious things I have ever had the pleasure of eating, so there's one win in Peeta's category. I am about to go hide in my room where no one can find me, but there's a knock on the door. I nearly start crying or screaming in frustration. There are only a few different groups of people who show up to my house: Haymitch in a drunken haze, Peeta with more delectable bribes, or Capitol interviewers. None of those options seems too great, but I know I have to answer the door or Haymitch will smash a window/ the Capitol people will just let themselves in. Since I like to be in control of things, I always open the door of my own accord. They don't get the satisfaction of coming in uninvited. I march down the hallway, taking angry bites out of my pastry, and wrench the door open. "What do you want?" I ask without thinking or even looking up to see who it is. When I do look up, I'm shocked. It's not Peeta with more food. It's not drunk Haymitch. And it's not Capitol retards. It's Gale. I drop my pastry onto the ground and stare at him in genuine shock for god knows how long. I'm not sure what expression I have on my face, but it must be priceless. It's just…I haven't seen him in so long. And I felt such an odd, lurching rush of emotion the second I saw his face that it's taken me a few seconds to try to process through it. Gale looks at me strangely. "Do you want me to leave?" " No," I say breathlessly. "No…of course not." And then suddenly, I've taken a step towards him, tripped over the threshold, and stumbled straight into his arms. Gale freezes, but I irrationally throw my arms around his neck. It takes him a few seconds before he allows his arms to settle around my waist. " I missed you." The words tumble out of my mouth like water rushing over rocks in a stream. "I missed you, Gale." " I missed you too, Catnip," he says after a moment of hesitation. I let go of Gale and take a couple steps backwards into my house. "Do you want to come in?" I trip on the dropped the pastry, and it just makes it more painfully uncomfortable. He steps into my house. The door shuts behind him with a soft click, and the silence settles around us like dust. He stands a few feet away from me, avoiding my eyes, and I can't stop looking at him. " How are you?" I ask. " Fine," he says. "How have you been?" " Awful." That makes him look at me for the first time since I threw the door open. And that makes me feel the need to explain. "It's terrible here. Prim and mom won't come here with me because these Capitol people won't stop coming here and interviewing me. The only people I have to talk to are Haymitch and Peeta, and Haymitch is always drunk, and the only thing Peeta does is bring baked goods soggy with his tears." I realize that I'm starting to sound more hysterical as I keep talking, but that by no means makes me stop. " And now Peeta won't stop crying every time he sees me because he didn't realize I was acting the entire time." Gale freezes, and his eyes lock onto mine. There's some foreign emotion there- one I can't recognize. For some reason, that encourages me to say, "I don't love Peeta." " You were acting," Gale says. I can't tell if he said it as a question or a statement. I still feel the need to answer. "Yes. I was acting. I don't love Peeta." The sudden surge of emotion I feel directed towards Gale is what gives me the courage to add, "I never loved Peeta. It's always been you." It isn't until then that I realize how close we're standing. How close his face is to mine. " I think…I think I love you, Gale," I whisper. And then I'm closing my eyes and closing the gap between us and- There's a loud bang as Peeta throws the sliding glass door open again. "Katniss, I'm sorry…it's just-" He freezes and stops short when he sees what he's walked into. The flash of emotion across his face is almost comical. Tears immediately begin pooling in the corners of his eyes. In the moment when I should have been apologizing or explaining, he lets out a heart-wrenching whimper and whirls around, smacking face-first into the sliding glass door. Again, he struggles with the door a couple times, tears streaming down his face. Then, he abandons the sliding door entirely, fleeing across the room, sobbing pathetically, and throws himself out the front door that I let Gale in. And Peeta fills the residual silence with one last plaintive wail before tripping off my porch with a thump. "Dang it, Peeta!" I bark loudly, but I sort of trail off at the end since I'm more embarrassed than angry at this point. For a second, no one makes to move at all. Gale stays leaning on his palms against the wall, towering above me and effectively trapping me between his arms, with his eyes closed in a grimace. I don't feel too inclined to move away from Gale because, for some reason, his closeness is really welcome. And outside the door, Peeta's still lying motionless face down on the ground. I can hear him sobbing all the way in here. I'm standing there, and I honestly consider just shutting the front door completely and going back to what Gale and I were about to do, but then it dawns on me just how awkward that would be. So, cringing slightly, I give in to my pity of Peeta and duck under Gale's arm. I mutter, "Sorry," and jog to the door. I step out on the porch and look down at Peeta, and he seriously doesn't appear to be moving. He's not even crying anymore. For a fraction of a second, I honestly believe that he's hurt himself. "Peeta—?" I ask. But as soon as it comes out of my mouth, he struggles to his feet, making dying animal noises, and starts running towards his house with his arms flailing above his head. "Peeta, seriously!" I shout after him. I'm not even sure why I do it. Maybe I really want to make sure he's okay. Maybe I want to tell him off for walking in on me and Gale. Or maybe I just want to scream at him for being so awkward and lovey-dovey and wussy. Probably a combination of the last two. When I see that Peeta has successfully made his way into his own house without falling again, and I march back into my own house, slamming the door hard behind me. I pretty much run smack into Gale, who's already standing at this end of the hall. "I'll see you later, Catnip," he says slowly, ducking around me. "Wait, Gale!" I say. He's basically halfway out the door already. "Where are you going?" He looks back over his shoulder and shakes his head a little, unable to come up with an answer to that question. "I have to go," he says in a hard voice. "But—" I stutter. I've never been good with words, and my nerves over this whole "I've just shared my feelings with my best guy friend" situation and anger at Peeta for breaking up a perfectly good moment just make it worse. "Sorry, Catnip," he says, a little quieter. "I'll see you later, okay?" I can't think of anything to respond with. "Okay," I say. My voice is quiet and deflated. Gale hesitates a second but then leaves. The door shuts quietly behind him. My heart sinks down into my stomach. I can't help but wonder if Gale doesn't feel the same way. I mean, sure, there was something in his eyes when I told him I loved him, but I shut my eyes as soon as I decided to kiss him. For all I know, I could've just ruined our entire relationship in less than five minutes. Cursing myself, I angrily snatch up my squished pastry from the floor and stomp back to the kitchen. I toss it in the trash can, feeling way too sad to do anything. Have I just lost both Peeta and Gale in one go? I stalk over to