December 25th, Second Year If first year had taught me anything, it was that Christmas at Hogwarts was beautiful. It was beautiful most of the time, but with its decorations and the merriment that seemed to dissolve rivalries and ease even we of the most violent minds, Christmas was the most beautiful of all days. This year was no exception, of course. In fact it looked even more beautiful. Maybe it was because there were fewer people here for the holidays this year, so the feast looked bigger by comparison. Maybe the decorations were a little bit more extravagant, because I had gotten to help with them during a few of my detentions. Maybe they were more extravagant because the teachers were trying to give some semblance of calm while some muggle-hating attacker was out petrifying victims in the middle of the corridors... It was probably that last one. The castle, as beautiful as it was, still had an air of fear that you couldn't help but feel no matter what room you walked into. You couldn't help but hear it while students whispered to each other in alcoves and corridors, while they scurried nervously from room to room, hoping not to be caught alone or off-guard. Then again, there were some things you couldn't scurry away from – no matter how close to your common room or dorm room you were. For example, you couldn't run away from your best friend. This I had found out the past few weeks after the newest gossip – which was sadly completely true – that Draco Malfoy fancied me. "But you don't even like him a little bit?" Daphne asked me again. Her scowl pulled at her face so much I was surprised that her face hadn't stuck itself like that...particularly since she'd pretty much held it there for the entirety of the day. "Draco Malfoy's good company, Audrey. If he likes you, you should take him up on the invitation to be his girlfriend." "Except that I don't like him," I stated with my nose wrinkled. Theodore walked lazily beside us. He seemed nearly as annoyed with her persistence as I was. "Draco Malfoy is a cruel, spoiled brat – even if he does have nice hair." "He does have nice hair, doesn't he?" Daphne sighed dreamily. I couldn't help but look at her with a dark expression – first she was trying to convince me that I liked him and now she was fawning over how much she liked him? This girl needed to make up her mind. Theodore, who had moved away from her to be on my other side, looked about ready to gag at her reaction. "Even if he does," I continued with a pointed look to both of them – even Theo had tried convincing me that maybe I should just 'give into my feelings', which everyone had yet to understand didn't exist. "It's not enough to replace his terrible personality." "I guess you're right," Daphne sighed. "I just think it's about time for you to find yourself a well-thought-of, and close-to-pureblooded boy-" " You don't have any of those things," I pointed out with a glare. "Well, at least I've kissed one. And don't you start! Flint is a very good kisser," she began defensively, seeing how Theodore and I were ready to jump on the topic. I couldn't help but let out a loud laugh. "Flint is not a boy," I said once I had calmed down. I ignored how offended she looked, the most offensive part of this conversation was that it started from her not letting up about Malfoy and ended with the traumatic memory of Daphne Greengrass and Marcus Flint sucking face. "Audrey's right, Flint is unsanitary." "If you happen to mean that you only kissed his teeth – did they cut you? It's like he's a vampire that got his teeth knocked about. They point every which way, so I worry you may have tetanus or rabies or-" "Enough," she crossed her arms over her chest. "Let's make a deal: if you stop talking about Flint like that, I'll stop pushing you towards Draco. Though for the record, I'm only doing that for your own good." I thought about that deal for a long moment, thinking about what life would be like if I didn't have to hear about how perfect Malfoy and I would be every day. What would life be like if I wouldn't have bruised ribs from her nudging them every time Malfoy flirted with me? What would life be like if I could actually insult him without being berated and losing a friend for a meal? That was definitely worth a shiny sickle...but then again... "No deal." "No deal?" Theodore asked with wide eyes; clearly he had gone through the same mental checklist of benefits that I had. "Why, is it that you secretly like me pushing you towards Draco?" Daphne smiled. "I knew it! If you would just admit that you two are perfect for each other, you could be that couple that marries right out of school! It would be so romantic..." "I'm not going to take the deal because I can always say no to Malfoy," I gritted my teeth at the idea, but raised my eyebrows tauntingly. "But you'll always be the idiot that kissed Flingivitus!" Daphne frowned even more, taking a deep breath and turning on her heel away from us. "You know, the feast is still going on and I feel like I want to talk to Pansy and Millicent. Millicent's older sister is graduating this summer and she's having a ball that's just been announced. Pureblood's only. So almost the entirety of Slytherin is going, isn't that right, Theodore?" She gave me a pointed glare that I returned darkly – yes, Daphne loved pointing out that I was not pureblooded. "Theodore, are you coming?" She didn't wait for his answer before she stomped off towards the Great Hall again. I rolled my eyes and thought better than to watch her go. I didn't want to give her the false sense of security that she'd actually wounded me if she dared to look back over her shoulder. Turning to Theo, who looked almost as annoyed as I felt, I waved him off. "Go ahead and join her." "You sure?" he asked with a frown. "I'd really rather stay with you, she shouldn't have said that to you." "It's nothing I haven't heard before, she always talks too harshly when she's angry," I shrugged with a sigh. "And I'm just going to go find Harry. I want to thank him for the book from today. If you see him in there, tell him I'm headed t'ward Gryffindor tower to look for him." My brother had given me a book on common natural herbs and potions for simple ailments this morning. He'd even left me with a note that the book had a specific chapter with tons of solutions for headaches. My headaches had gotten a lot worse this year and they would continue into vivid migraines up to three times a week. The migraines would last all through the night, with nightmares that made me wake up in a cold sweat even though I could never remember what had happened in them. The walk to the seventh floor was terrible. As many people that were in the Great Hall for the feast, I still tended to run into all the groups that hung out in the halls and thought I was a monster. Considering all the attacks on muggleborns this year and my brother's ability to speak to snakes, everyone had taken to avoiding us in the halls. At first it had just been about him thanks to the little episode with Justin in dueling club – and I had been fine with ducking in the background during that. But people started to point fingers towards me once they started putting two and two together...or maybe four and four. All the evidence did kind of point to me; I mean if you considered that I was a Slytherin, that I somehow had a bad feeling that let me know pre-emptively about the first petrified victim, the completely true rumours about my speechless spells, or the completely false rumours about me being betrothed to Draco Malfoy...how could someone not think I was the Heir of Slytherin? A group of third year Ravenclaws whispered and threw glares at me. I sent them one back that made them look away nervously. I guess there was one good thing about the rumours: people were too scared to ogle my scar this year. When I finally got to Gryffindor tower, I was not in the best of moods. Besides the fact that the fat lady would not let me in without the password – she and I would never get along – my brother was nowhere to be seen, but I had found a splitting headache which had begun behind my short, chopped, red bangs. Seamus Finnegan let me in when he saw me arguing with the infuriating portrait and as always he took the time to flirt with me. He had been doing this all year and while I tried to do it back, I knew that it was not nearly as smooth as him. I probably just made a fool of myself; I was no good at flirting. "He and Ron aren't up there. Sorry, Audrey," Seamus had even gone up to check the boys dormitories for me as well, but it seemed like I wouldn't be able to talk to my brother tonight. As it was I wanted to proclaim it a lost cause and get back down to my dormitory and that new book of headache remedies as quickly as I could. "That's alright," I smiled slightly at him, trying to distract myself from the growing ache behind my temples. "He's probably out breaking some rule or other." "He tends to do that," he smiled back. Seamus had a very cute smile – mischievous, like Fred and George. But in the back of my mind I could always see him blowing up something or other and it made his whole demeanor somewhat more innocent. "Are you headed back to Slytherin, then?" "Probably," I sighed, not enjoying the idea of who I may run into on the long way down to the dungeons. "Harry gave me a book I want to read with simple cures for common ailments." He frowned empathetically. "Headache?" "As always," I frowned, pushing my hand up to my forehead. Seamus' eyes flitted up there, as if he was looking for a scar there. When he couldn't find one beneath my fingers, his eyes slid down to the marking my neck...my cheeks burned while I turned away from him and toward the portrait hole. "Well Seamus, I'll see you tomorrow, alright?" "Yeah, come sit with us at the Gryffindor table for breakfast!" I frowned a bit. "I think I'll stick with the Slytherins. You Gryffindors aren't quite happy with us right now and just because you and my brother's friends are slightly more understanding doesn't really mean that the rest of your house is as sympathetic. Thanks though," I told him quickly, trying to make my way out of Gryffindor tower with as little conversation now as possible. The more awkward this conversation got, the worse the distraction it was for my headache. I needed something to remedy it before it turned into a bloody migraine. Moving down from the seventh floor and down to the dungeons, I tried ignoring all the people who stopped to glare and whisper as I walked by. I didn't care who did or didn't think that I was Slytherin's Heir. I was not in the mood to defend myself or give them any thought. A few times in the past I'd been berated by Snape after he'd found out I'd threatened some students after