Disclaimer : Twilight and all characters are owned by S. Meyer. Leah (POV) Who has a party in the middle of a gale force storm? My perfect, self absorbed cousin Emily of course! Why, you ask? The scar-faced whore and my douche of an ex Sam Uley wants to announce their engagement. Although every weather man in the state of Washington has broadcast the storm of the century for the past two weeks it had to be on this night. Why, again? It would have been me and douche's fourth anniversary and our wedding day. Its my cousin's passive-aggressive way of putting the final nail in the coffin of my relationship with Sam. Here I sit in my room while Mom, Dad and Seth dress in their Sunday best for the party. How could my life have gone so wrong in the space of six months? It was then I had been planning my wedding with Emily as my Maid of Honor. She came to my home in La Push from Makah where she lived to help. After being here a week, I came home to find her getting up close and personal with my fiancee in MY bed. Needless to say, my father came home to find the two of them trying to run and get dressed at the same time while I chased them out of the house with my Louisville slugger. It was the talk of the reservation for weeks. The whole situation caused a rift in my family. My Mother had always favored Emily with her girly ways so that wasn't a surprise. But my Father singing Sam's praises as a future leader of our tribe was a shock. They didn't realize my heartbreak was made worse by their actions. Their acceptance of Sam and Emily's actions convinced the future Uleys that they had done nothing wrong. My saving grace during this time was Seth. My sweet brother was always on my side back then. Two months after "the incident", my parents began a campaign to force me to not only forgive the two assholes but to somehow be happy for them. When I went home, they were there. At my after school job at Forks hospital, they were there. Even running errands, there! When I confronted my parents, my Father gave me some bullshit about the eventuality of my having to be part of tribal council with Sam one day. I coldly informed the both of them that their actions were ensuring my decision to leave and never come back hence their future plans for my life were moot. My Father or Harry as I had started to call him started yelling words like duty and loyalty. I asked him about his loyalty to me. I think that I finally got through to him. He looked into my eyes and went pale at the hostility he saw there. Hostility that had never been directed at him. My mother cringed at the look I shot her as I left the room. The next day Sam and Emily were finally banned from our home. They weren't done in their attempts to try to approach me. But after being called a few choice names in addition to broadcasting Emily's extensive sexual background and Sam's lack of one, they realized the humiliation wasn't worth it. Soon after this Jacob, Quil and Embry started coming to the house asking after Seth. These were the same assholes who tried to bully my little brother until I beat the crap out of them. I asked him about it he informed me that it was all in the past and that I should start practicing forgiveness. When I saw him coming from the direction of what would've been my house with Sam, he just stated that they went there for free food after cliff diving. I rose from my seat and slowly walked from the room. He followed me trying to explain how bad the terrible twosome felt and that they never meant to hurt me etc. He was still babbling when I slammed my door in his face. That was two months ago. Seth has been miserable or so my parents have said. I've only ever seen him sparingly between school and work. When I'm not at either of those places, I'm at the Forks Public library. Sam and I had scholarships to the University of Washington. I hadn't told anyone, but I had also been offered an academic scholarship to Dartmouth College in New Hampshire. I had planned on turning it down because the control freak I had been engaged to flipped whenever I even thought of going somewhere else. Thank God he showed his true colors before I formally declined. I have been tiptoeing around the formerly warm home now turned gloomy house getting ready for my escape. Call me a coward, but I haven't told anyone about my new plans to attend college across the country. It wouldn't have been that big of a deal except I'm due to leave on the 3:00AM bus. I looked at the clock that read 7:15PM. I think 8 hours is enough time for them to get used to the idea. I guess I'm still a little angry. There's a soft knock on my door. I recognize my Mother's timid knock anywhere. If you had told me six months ago that the strongest woman on Earth wouldn't be able to look me in the eye, I would've said that you were insane. While I may have been a Daddy's girl (once upon a time), I would always admit to getting my strength and personality from Sue Clearwater. After this mess with her favorite niece and her daughter she initially took her niece's side. The thought of losing her daughter because of it never crossed her mind. I guess she thought the former bond I shared with my Father would always keep me close to her as well. My break with him and Seth cemented the fact that there was nothing keeping me here. "Darling, are you sure you don't want to come with us tonight? I know that Sam and Emily would love to have you there. They really miss you and never wanted to hurt you you." She looked at me imploringly. I glared. "No thanks, Sue. The last thing I need is to help them pretend that they did nothing wrong." "Honey-" "NO, SUE! I don't want to talk to them. But I do need to talk to you and Harry. Now. Before you leave." Ignoring the pained look at my use of their first names, she called my Father into my room. I could hear Seth's heavy footsteps in the hallway trying to eavesdrop. I gave my acceptance and scholarship award letters to them and waited for the inevitable explosion. I didn't have to wait long. "WHAT IS THIS!" my Father screamed. My Mother just stared at the paper in shock. "What do you think it is?" I asked calmly. I felt proud of myself for not screaming. "You can't leave! I forbid it! We were wrong to coddle you. I've had enough of you moping around. Get dressed. Your coming to congratulate your cousin on her engagement. NOW!" I looked closely at my Father and realized his anger was a mask. There was a desperation and a real fear underneath. He was losing his daughter and a lot of the blame was his. Sam and Emily broke my heart, but his acceptance of them broke my spirit. He was my best friend and my hero. When I needed him, he wasn't there. Despite all of that, I still loved him. So I would try to explain to him one last time. "Sue? What's today's date?" I asked her. "July 31. Why, sweetie?" she asked. "Six months ago. You and Emily were the first to know how special this day was to me and Sam." She paled as she realized Emily chose such a painful day for Leah. "I'm sure she just forgot." I barely refrained from rolling my eyes. "Did they ever tell you how I found out about them?" My Mom crossed the room and took my hands in hers while shaking her head. I would've loved this gesture a few months back. Now, I gently but firmly pulled my hands from hers. "I came home from school and found them having sex on my bed. Not even in the guest bedroom where she was staying. She made sure I found them in my bed." I noticed Seth in the doorway looking green. My parents looked more than a little disgusted. "Princess. I had no idea. But that's no reason to leave. Your giving them the power to make you leave your home," she pleaded. Now I was frustrated. "I'm leaving because this isn't home anymore. All of my life I was taught Clearwaters stick together but when I needed you, all I heard was Tribe first or your cousin doesn't have anyone but Sam. But that was wrong because she had all of you. Whether it was because she bagged a future tribal leader or was a perfect homemaker in training or had free food to bribe you with." Each of the points I listed had Mom, Dad and Seth's head bowing in shame. But I wasn't done. "I know that there's something else that you're not telling me." At this, three heads shot up. "But none of that matters now. Apparently the secrets you keep are more important than me." They all started talking at the same time about how much they loved me and never wanted to make me feel like I didn't matter, yada, yada, yada. Deep down I know they love me, but I don't trust them. Not anymore. "Honey, the only reason I'm going tonight is because Emily's family refuses to come." my Mother said. "Yeah, Sis. Outside of the guys there probably won't even be any girls there. Sam's Mom is even refusing to come." Seth said. "Lee, just rethink going across the country. There are good colleges close to home. And at least it will give us the chance to be a real family again. There's no reason to leave," Dad said. He still wouldn't admit to any wrong doing on his part. I smiled sadly at him. Apparently, that was all he needed to convince himself that I would give in. He ushered Sue and Seth out of the room while stating that we would talk in the morning. I listened to the truck's engine slowly fade as the distance lengthened between me and my family. I then picked up the phone and called for a taxi to take me to the bus station. Once I was told the cab was on the way, I pulled two packed suitcases from under my bed and sat on the sofa to wait. 3rd Person POV Ten minutes later three very subdued people arrived at the most depressing engagement party ever. Emily had run up to them like an over eager puppy. She hoped that the appearance of the Clearwater family would add a sense of joy to a pathetic event. Of the Elders, only Old Quil and Harry was there. Even Chief Billy Black begged off citing the effects of the weather on his diabetic joints. The rest of the guests only included the seven members of the pack and Kim who just hit the jackpot by becoming the imprint of her long time time crush. Unfortunately, outside of her safety Jared seemed to want to have nothing romantically to do with her. But Emily was teaching her and as long as Kim forced the issue she would eventually wear him down. How can a man fight his imprint and his wolf? If his will continues to be stronger than hers, Emily has decided to drop hints to Sam. Maybe he'll Alpha command Jared to give in to what Kim wants.