The Odd Fellowship A Lord of the Rings Fanfic by Father Hulk, edited by Jurodan A/N: Greetings and Salutations, my dear readers! I come before you now with a hysterical Lord of the Rings sitcom! Imagine, the Fellowship all living together in a modern-day condo! Well, actually, you don't have to imagine it anymore, because here it is! Thousands of credits for this story go out to my friend Jurodan, who is my executive editor on this project. Okay, enjoy! Episode 1: Boromir Hatches a Plan BZZT! BZZT! BZZT! BZZT! The harsh buzzing of Gandalf the White's alarm clock sounded again and again quite loudly, but it took more than a full minute for the modern-day wizard-slash-history teacher to stir from his slumbers. "Will you turn that thing off!" Came an aggravated shout from down the hallway. "I don't get up for another two hours!" "Well it's not my fault that school starts at 7:30 am, Gimli son of Gloin!" Gandalf shouted back. Muttering ill things about dwarves, he rose from his bed, put on his bathrobe, and trudged towards the bathroom. The bathroom door, however, was tightly shut, and through it, Gandalf could hear water running and the tune of "The Green Dragon" being hummed through teeth currently being brushed. "Open up!" Gandalf roared, pounding on the door. "Which of you hobbits is in there? You know I need the bathroom first!" "I will be out in a moment," came the voice of Peregrin Took. In a somewhat more taunting tone, he said, "I thought wizards were supposed to be patient." Gandalf resisted the urge to fling an obscenity from his lips, and instead muttered, "Ugh, hobbits…" and waited. "I've got next in the bathroom!" shouted Merry Brandybuck, dashing around the corner. "No, you do not!" shouted Gandalf, for a moment he seemed to grow taller, and a cruel breeze blew through the hall and the light faded. Merry flinched and darted off. Meanwhile, at the door to the bathroom in the master bedroom, Frodo Baggins knocked. "Who is it?" came a voice over the sound of a running shower. "It's me, Sam," said Frodo. "May I come in?" "Yes, of course, Mr. Frodo," said Sam. "What are you going to do in there?" asked Merry from the doorway. "What do you mean?" Frodo asked uncertainly. "Oh come on, Frodo," Merry said, sauntering over. "We all see it. How you and Sam are so… 'close.' The eye contact, the smiles… just admit it!" "Sam is my friend!" Frodo said hotly. "Nothing more." "Yeah, sure… Then why does…" "Merry! Gimli bought us a new box of Coco Puffs!" shouted Pippin from the kitchen. "Gotta run," Merry said, and he bolted from the room and ran into the kitchen, where Pippin was tearing open the box of chocolate cereal. "Why do you buy that for them, Gimli?" asked the calm voice of Aragorn from the hallway. "You know it isn't healthy." Gimli glared up at the ranger. "I've been eating stuff of that nature—and worse, may I remind you—all of my life, and I'll be cursed if I'm not as healthy as on ox!" "Where is my jumpsuit?" asked a frantic Legolas, dashing into the kitchen. "What?" asked Aragorn, who was pouring himself a cup of coffee from the pot on the counter. "My jumpsuit for the band is missing!" Legolas cried. "We have a big audition today, and I need that jumpsuit!" "Well, none of us have it," said Aragorn, taking a slow sip. Sam, having gotten out of his shower, walked in and looked around the kitchen. "What's for breakfast?" he asked. "Well for you it would be second breakfast," said Pippin, grinning. "What?" "Because you've already had a platter of Frodo sausages!" Merry finished, and he and Pippin cracked up. "Shut up, you!" Sam shouted. "That's a filthy lie!" "Calm, Samwise, calm," soothed Aragorn. "Are they really worth it?" "No…" Sam said, catching his breath. "They're not." "You'll be back," Pippin jeered, making a face. Sam grumbled and opened the cabinet. "We saved you some Coco Puffs," Merry said. "No thanks," Sam muttered. "I'm just going to have some of Gandalf's cereal." He said, removing the box of Wheaties and pouring himself a bowl. Frodo, meanwhile, had just gotten out of the shower, and had put on his work uniform, slipping the Ring around his neck. " Frodo…" it whispered, "Frodo!" "What do you want?" Frodo murmured, his face paling. "Frodo… Do you want to play chess, Frodo? Hee hee hee." "Go away!" Frodo whispered. "I shall return." Whispered the voice, and Frodo felt the presence leave him. "Well look at Frodo, all calm and collected," said Pippin as Frodo entered the kitchen. "Lucky him. He just gets to drive around all day!" "Do you honestly think it's easy being a delivery boy?" Frodo asked, glaring. "It's better than being a bartender, isn't it, Merry?" "Absolutely. Pippin and I have to deal with the ultimate dregs of human society." "You have no idea the stress I go through!" Frodo said. "Boromir!" Legolas said, snapping his fingers, a lightbulb suddenly flickering on inside his head "He doesn't go into the lab until noon today… I bet he stole my jumpsuit and thought he could sleep through my malice! Well he was wrong!" Legolas charged into Boromir's room, and slapped the sleeping Gondan on the face. "Wake up. Wake up!" "No, Daddy, I don't want to go to school… the teacher's a dwarf and she looks like a man!" Boromir murmured, turning away from the elf. "Wake up!" Legolas yelled. "Huh? What? What do you want?" Boromir said, groggily. "I want my jumpsuit!" "Your what?" "My jumpsuit!" "I don't have your jumpsuit," Boromir said, rubbing his eyes. "Now let me go back to sleep." "I'll have your head on a…!" Legolas began, picking up Boromir by his shirt. "Legolas!" roared Gandalf from the doorway. "I put your jumpsuit in the washing machine!" "…Oh." Legolas said awkwardly. "Oh. Sorry, buddy," he said, tucking Boromir back in and patting him on the shoulder. "Sleep tight." Boromir grumbled and closed his eyes. His alarm was set to go off at 10:30. And when it did, he would put into motion his plan… "You're late, Baggins!" "I'm sorry, sir," said Frodo, rushing into the pizzeria out of breath. "I didn't ask for your apologies," his boss snapped. "You're always late. It's 9:00 and we already have three orders waiting to be delivered. Get cracking!" "Yes, sir!" Frodo said, and he grabbed the hot-boxes on top of the stove and ran outside to his car. "This job is driving me crazy," he muttered sourly. He tossed the boxes into the back seat, got in and drove down the driveway. Suddenly, inside his head: "Frodo… Frodo!" Frodo clutched the Ring, which had grown quite heavy. "No…" he whispered, "Not now…" "Delivering pizza, Frodo?" "Yes." "Where are you taking it?" "Why do you need to know?" Frodo asked with hostility. "Tell me where it's going!" the voice roared, and Frodo cried out in pain as an invisible force gripped his privates and began to squeeze. "Okay! Okay! Let go!" Frodo cried. "I'm taking the first one to the church on Madison Avenue!" "Let's have some fun, shall we, Frodo? When you get the pizza to the church, this is what you will do…" The Ring whispered its plan to Frodo. "No!" Frodo said. "There's no way I'm doing that! I'll lose my job!" "Don't you want to have fun, Frodo? I thought that's what hobbits liked to do." "Not on my job!" Frodo said. "Now get!" "Fine… but know this: I shall return!" the voice hissed, and it faded. Frodo shook his head to clear it, and then nudged the car down the road towards the first delivery address. It was going to be a LONG day. "Good morning, good morning!" said Gimli pleasantly as he entered his office at Dewey, Scruya and Howe Computer Firm. "Good morning, sir!" said his co-worker, Lela, daughter of Laina. "Ready for the big day?" "Big day?" Gimli said, furrowing an eyebrow. "What big day?" "The upgrade day!" she gushed. "Don't you remember? Mr. Frink wanted us to upgrade all the computers in the building to Windows XP today! It'll be such fun!" "All the computers!" Gimli said with a start. He looked around the room and counted at least 40 computers. He sighed and said, "Well, at least with your help, it won't be so bad." He winked at the girl with a twinkle in his eye. "Oh, I can't help you today," Lela said. "Mr. Frink said he had some very personal work he wanted me to help him with, so you're on your own." She stroked his beard. "I'm sure you'll be fine." She said, winking back. "Hrmph," Gimli grunted, looking around the room again. "Well, better start now then." He grabbed the box of Windows XP CD's and sat down at the first terminal. "Hey Oramir, could you get a Bunsen burner ready for me over there?" called Boromir from his corner of the lab. "Coming right up," said his assistant, Oramir. "How hot do you want it?" "Hot enough to heat this formula I'm making," Boromir replied. "The boss wants a liquid that can be applied in dropper form that removes chicken pox one by one." He rolled his eyes in annoyance. "I could be doing bigger and better things." He gripped the vial in a pair of tongs and held it over the burner. Oramir stood by, watching. Boromir was thankful for his company. Oramir had been his partner and friend for more than five years here at the Isaac H. Newton Academy of Science and Chemistry, and they knew almost everything about each other. "Oramir," Boromir said after a bit, "Do you ever get the feeling that we're being held back? Restrained, if you will? Suppressed?" "Are you kidding?" Oramir replied. "We're here in a small lab shtupped in the tiniest corner of the Academy, making formulas for Chicken Pox. Of course I feel I'm being held back! But there's nothing we can do about it," he sulked. "All those bigshot Principal Scientists are the ones making the big time stuff… and nobody will ever give us a big assignment because of the goldfish incident." Boromir shuddered as he remembered it: he and Oramir had finally been given their first big assignment: an allergy medication with no side affects. They stayed up for nights and days on end working on it… they were so close to pulling it off, when, while doing some lab work at home, Pippin's pet goldfish, which he kept out in the shed that Boromir used as a makeshift lab, got knocked out of its bowl and into the mixture. It wouldn't have been a problem, however, had Boromir realized it. But he didn't, and so after the product's release, millions of people all over the world grew gills. It was the most public of the Academy's humiliations. Boromir and Oramir were shunned and reduced to doing worthless, petty work, and were not well thought of by any of their peers. "Well that's all in the past," Boromir said comfortingly, "And besides, we'll become famous in due time." For little did anybody know that the plan he planned to activate after work would finally get him his heart's one true desire: the One Ring! Once he had it in his possession, he could wield its power to sneak into the Academy's rival labs, gather their top-secret information, bring it back to home base and use it as his own. Then he would be loved by the entire Academy, and become a world-famous scientist! He looked at his watch… a half hour to go. Suddenly, Boromir's Nextel Walkie-Talkie beeped. "Hey Boromir, are you there?" It was his colleague, Albert. "What is it?" Boromir asked into the phone. "There's somebody here to see you. Can you come down to the lobby?" "I'll