Don't Think They Know By AnnieD134 It's been officially three days since Charlie died. It wasn't good to dwell on the time afterward but, somehow, it made me feel better to count them. So, technically it'd only been two and a half days yet, I couldn't find it in me to feel sad for his actual demise; not after what he'd said. When I tried to help make things better, he shut me out; saying death was his last blessing. How the hell was death a blessing? I've never thought of death as a good thing-not in my eighteen years of life-but the moment I leave Charlie's home,with suitcases in each arm, I go back on my thoughts: Death would be better than what this town will suffer through in only a few short days. I could stay and help, but then I remember; I'm no longer obligated to help. My skipping-town would be the best, even for my deceased father who hates me even after death Confused? Well, let me explain: Charlie James Swan was, in the literal sense of the word , a witch. He was born and raised in the northwestern part of the United States A.K.A. Forks, Washington. His family protected the people in Washington from the remaining supernatural: Vampires, Werewolves, Spirits and, if need be, hybrids. From the time he turned sixteen, he helped protect the borderline; the stretch of land covered from Salem, Oregon to Victoria, Washington. But everything changed when he met Renee Grace Jefferson. Her family had moved to Washington after her grandfather died, so they would be living in their new inherited home. What had started out as a lustful flings for the two throughout the season morphed into love and romance; before long, she consumed his every thought. His father had thought the girl a distraction from his training, but his mother was opposed; after all he was the only child which meant he had to continue the bloodline. So, Charlie married Renee at the age of twenty two and, three years later, gave birth to me, Isabella Marie Swan. After my birth, things went back to normal, Charlie continued protecting us and Renee stayed at home, teaching me how to read and write and play endless hours of the piano; just as her mother taught her. When I was four, Charlie taught me about witchcraft; claiming the early I started, the better at it I'd be. Renee'd argued that first night after with Charlie, she'd thought I wasn't ready to learn, but she knew until they convieved another child, it was best he continued teaching. He quickly realized that I was a very fast learner; a child prodigy. He'd been shocked when he first saw me reading spells, that were pages and years ahead of what he expected from me, as if it were nothing more than second nature. Charlie became facinated by this discovery and he quickly went about giving me new books, granting me materials needed for deadly spells; anything I needed to know to harm another supernatural being. Even after Renee had had another child, a boy named Seth Swan, he still kept his attention soley on me. Years went by and before long, I was keeping watch around our border; far past having already experienced my first kill. All the while, Seth was just learning what magic was at the tender age of five. At nine, I'd the belief that anything that wasn't witch or human, deserved death. But somehow, one day changed that. I'd been walking in a forest near the border, half a mile from Salem; checking for anything out of the ordinary. Charlie had insisted I search this place after a few hikers had spread the rumor of seeing 'Bigfoot' chasing a caribou. I thought it was ridiculous, but of course Charlie made me go see; better safe than sorry. After several countless hours of walking, I decided to call it quits and get back home. As I headed back, I stumbled apon a figure in the center of one the forest clearings. I quickly crouched down, ready to strike but crept around it, in case it was actually human. Judging from the gush of blood running down it's chin and the occasional moan and groan I could hear coming from it, It was obviously a vampire enjoying it's meal as if it were it's last. By this point, I was used to catching vampires in mid-hunt, so I hadn't been paying attention to it's victim. But when a smaller figure caught my eye, I actomatically turned to see it. What should've been a human corpse was something else, something that caught me completely off guard: a bloodless deer carcass. I stopped walking at the sudden discovery but accidently stepped on a broken branch. The vampire immediately stilled at the noise and I internally cursed myself for giving away my position. It was silent for a moment and just before I decide to creep closer for the kill, the vampire slowly turned around to face me. And I can safely say, he is almost far too gorgeous to be real. His copper hair stood on his head in piles, pointing wildy in every direction; his pale skin made the sunlight darken in comparison; his clothes were in perfect condition, something that surprised me since I didn't think his kind was capable of neatness. But, somehow, none of that held my attention. His eyes did. They were not the red irrises I'd cut into countless times before; they were amber globes with that glittered faintly in the late afternoon sun. I knew he was a vampire when I first saw him, but now I was suddenly doubtful. Where were his red eyes? Why was he eating an animal? Was this some trick from my father to see my approach of such a abnormal situtation? The creature remained still and quiet as my inner monalogue rambled on, until a movement in the bushes to my left made him alert. I instantly froze. Seth had followed just as I expected. The boy was too curious for his own good. This wasn't the first time he'd followed me out here, but he'd never seemed to follow me on the days I'd find supernatural. The creature stared at the unmoving bush for a moment before his eyes flickered back to me. I silently prayed Seth had the sense to leave as my inner monalogue continued it's rambling. Was he thinking of the multiple ways he could kill the insignificant little girl in front of him? Or maybe the little boy that was still an hour's walk away from any civilization; the only other threat in his way? I mentally slapped myself at the last thought. I'd done this dozens of times before, yet I find one different vampire and panic? 'No, I will not be weak,' I thought to myself. He stood slowly and looked up at the darkening sky before he closed his eyes and smiled faintly. "Children with no weapons or protection should 'nt wander off into a place like this," He opened his eyes and stared back at me; awaiting my reply. When I didn't, he frowned then shrugged. "It's dangerous to be around my kind at night, or do you not know what I am?" His head tilted to the side as he watched me curiously. I stared back at him with no emotion before I realized something: he was standing here in daylight, but he wasn't burning. I looked up above his spot before I saw a large branch of an evergreen tree shading his person; along with a few extra feet of grass. He followed my line of sight to the tree and grinned in triumph. "The sun won't burn me, if that's what you were wondering," My eyes narrowed; I'd heard of some of his kind having extra gifts, and I hoped he wasn't a mind reader. "I can show you if you don't believe me," he explained quickly, mistaking my narrowed eyes for disbelief. He stepped out from under the shade and I shielded my eyes to keep from blinding myself. His skin literally sparkled from the sun. It was as if his body was made from dozens of tiny mirrors and diamonds; the opposing light threw rainbows back onto my approaching person. Wait, my approaching person? I looked around from where I stood, and sure enough, I'd moved closer to the creature. I was suddenly on red alert; he'd somehow made me move without making me even close to being aware. He'd been watching me watch him all this time, so the moment I tensed, he tilted his head to the side, curious at my reaction. He stepped back into the shade and I was, thankfully, able to concentrate. "See, told you so." He leaned carefully against the evergreen tree and crossed his ankles. "What's your name?" My name? He could be moments away from killing me yet, he wanted to know my name? "Yes, it'd be nice to know at least one face from a crowd," Had I said that out loud? He smiled before he stretched his hand toward me. "I'm Edward," I silently debated in my head whether this was okay, before I crossed the remaing two yards of space between us and took his hand; if he wanted me dead, he'd have done it already. His hand felt like ice-cold, especially in comparison to the warmer autumn air, yet it felt somewhat comforting; like a balm on a stinging burn. He shook my hand lightly before his towering figure bent to kiss the spot above my knuckles. I blushed slightly at the gesture-when the hell I became so comfortable around a vampire, I will never know- before he let my hand go. He stepped back to pick up the animal carcass before he turned back to me. "I'll be back another day but for now, I bid you goodnight," he smiled once before he headed the opposite way I'd come from. Just as he reached the end of the border, I spoke, this time intentionally. "Bella," He turned his head my way, confusion sketched his features before he finally understood. He gave me a crooked smile as he continued walking. "I'll be seeing you again, Bella." And I did. Every other afternoon of traveling along the border, I always found him leaning against the same evergreen tree, talking to me until the moon glowed bright in the night sky. He'd tell about his 75 years of eternity, and how he was changed when he was 17; his sire had abbanded him long before he'd awoken. I told him about Seth, Charlie, Renee; and, after getting comfortable enough, I finally told him of my witch ancestry. And at some point in time seeing him there in the same clearing every other day somehow turned into everyday. Years went by and before I noticed it, I'd spent every occasion with Edward: birthdays, fourth of July, Halloween-which was probably the most fun- and even Christmas. Charlie was suspicious as to why I only spent my time in the forest, but when Seth insisted on coming with me, he instantly let it go. I don't know why but when I first took Seth to meet Edward, I envisioned it to be somewhat chaotic, when in fact, Seth looked up to Edward almost right away. After that day, it was all three of us together; which got weird when puberty was slapping me in the face and somehow Edward's face was stuck in my head. It only made Seth angry whenever he caught me staring at the guy, effectivaly making our hangouts more...awkward. Things got better after Seth hit puberty, making him less focused on Edward and I; and more on some crush he had in middle school. It was on my seventeenth birthday, that I'd finally gotten my first car. When I'd told Edward, he dragged me all