Title: [ Prime Genesis ] - Ω - [ Fallen Soldier ] Fanfiction Type: My own twist on a sort of Chaos/Order Percy Jackson Fanfiction. Beta: None Expected Update Rate: Once a month on average. There will be times in which I update faster or slower, so average varies. Words per Chapter Goal: 1,500-4000, maybe more. Pairings: No Percabeth, Thalico, or things of the sort. Don't like it, don't read it. I'll most likely add a slight pairing later on. Plot Plans: It's a surprise. All I will say is that it may be a bit surprising, and that there will likely be one or more stories that continue from where this will stop. I'll probably add a companion story or two containing my version of the universe's will definitely be a companion story about the Four; some of my OCs. It will contain various short stories and legends, and also include their history. Chapter Status Page Count: 11 Word Count: 3315 Character Count-Spaces Included: 18015 -=-Ω-=- As promised, this is the result of my poll; the winner was CHAOS . I may or may not continue the Blazing Light series, if I do, it will be completely rewritten and the plot slightly edited. This will not include HOO. Well, at least most of it will not be included. As far as I care, the Romans had never existed. It makes this easier to write, along with leaving me with characters that are a bit more familiar. The Giant war never happened; Gaea never rises.. However, Percy and Annabeth's trip through Tartarus had very much happened, though through different circumstances. Instead of what the books say, a battle with a rouge demigod got them there. It will be explained more in later chapters, though.. Or maybe this one… Anyway, characters are likely to be OOC. There will be no Percabeth, so if you don't like that, read something else. At most, Percy and Annabeth will be friends. There are none of the other pairings that us fans have come up with, such as Thalico, Perlia, etc. There may be pairings later on, though I'm not quite sure. I also apologize for the lateness of this; I've been busy, and as always-writers block. Gotta love it. I won't hide it though-I haven't been inspired to write lately. Sorry about that but there isn't much I can do about it. [Prologue] " And as we rise with our hopes, our dreams, we slowly plummet with our fears and hatred, but we never give up, as is the way of humanity." (All quotes will be by me.) I Do not own anything from the PJO books, nor the books themselves Those rights go to Rick Riordan , the genius himself. He didn't mean to find it, not that it matters. It was all a stupid accident. But that's all life is, isn't it? Full of mistakes, tragedies, ends? Yet there he was, standing in that temple. The temple that had seemed to call his name, that seemed to whisper with the ever present wind, distracting him, lulling his mind into a pleasant daze. He hadn't even noticed that he had walked inside. His instincts screamed at him. Danger! Beware! Quickly, get out! His mind, however, overpowered those pleas with thoughts of tranquility. Thoughts of long overdue peace from this ever-hating world. But he knew it wouldn't; couldn't last. Not when your name is Percy Jackson. Never. That would be way too much to ask. He would just keep playing a never ending game of ding-dong ditch. Oh to knock at Deaths door, only to narrowly escape before he found you and ended you. Permanently. So he went with the flow; followed the trail that the Fates had laid down for him, waiting for the moment when the world would change. Waiting for the Beginning, or the End. Then Seeker came. Of course, he didn't know who she was then. The image of a beautiful woman with pitch black hair, sapphire eyes, and impossibly pale skin had just flickered to life in front of him. She was wearing a white Greek dress with a midnight blue silk cloak. Traditional Greek sandals wrapped around her feet, and she was holding a thick book, covered with ancient leather. Her form seemed to flicker unstably; a hologram, most likely. His mind cleared with a slight prick of pain, and his eyes narrowed at the woman. She was obviously immortal, but not a god. No, Percy could see the deep blue aura surrounding her, which shouldn't have been possible. Not for demigods, never for demigods. Then again, everything's possible in a world of lies. Perhaps it was the raw power of the being in front of him. Then again, maybe it was the temple, or better yet, maybe this was all a dream. He never went on this quest; no, he was still back at his cabin at camp. Such wishful thinking. No, this was too clear to be a dream, even a demigod dream would be slightly blurred, the dreamer left feeling either oddly weighed down or slightly euphoric throughout the dream. Reality then. Huh. Then she spoke. She didn't really make any sound. Her mouth wasn't moving. No, she was speaking to him through his mind , something the Olympians would never do. They'd learned not to after his glorious trip through Tartarus with Annabeth. It'd changed everything. Lets save that thought for later. " Who are you to enter my temple? " She projected. It was hard to describe her voice; it may have been beautiful, but it was distorted; the age of her software worn down; easily a step away from completely shutting down. "My name is Percy Jackson. I am the son of Poseidon-" He was about to say more, but his voice refused to flow; it was as if someone had switched it off. " That's all I need to know. Twisted words and fancy titles will earn you no points here. All that matters is that you're here, alive and well. Lets hope for both of our sakes that you stay that way ." She threw her book at him, which, fortunately for him had vanished a foot away from his face, only to reappear in her hands, this time with a dark, sea green cover that had faded to grey at the edges. " This is the story of your life, Percy. Past, present, and the certain future. That which is unchangable is displayed here, your battles, your challenges, and, ultimately, your death. However, as fate is ever changing, the possibilities are endless. Enemies may change, even the cause of death ." Her smile chilled him to the bone. This was unnatural. No one should know their fate, especially not the fate of someone else . Only the Fates themselves have that power. Or did they? He wasn't so sure anymore. If his life experiences have taught him anything, it was that nothing is certain. The mere fact that the Olympians are still alive proves it. He was thrown out of his thoughts as she continued speaking. " Such a sad life. Torment fills your dreams, just like irritation fills your life, right? Lets start here, eh? The second modern son of Hades. Such a sad child, run mad by his own family. Shall we see what happened? " -=-Flashback-=- "Calm down, Jay. It doesn't need to be this way." He was talking to a teenager a few years younger than himself. unfortunately, he was also talking to a teenager who was pointing a Stygian iron sword at his throught. The harsh metal wasn't thouching him, but the mere presence of it made ice lash through his veins. "But doesn't it Percy? Why not? We're all mad here, we just choose to ignore it. But you, aren't you worse than the rest, like me? Join me Percy; join the legion of the dark, or die fighting not to." Jay was a troubled kid, even for a son of Hades. No one knew why, though. Many thought he was crazy; more than once, people have caught him talking to thin air, speaking of trust and battle. Percy had found out though; Jay was mad, not in anger, but as in sanity. His mortal parent had made him this way, telling him of dark thoughts and fiery revenge. All because Hades had to leave. "Jay, just let him go. Please, we can talk about this, but put your weapon down." Annabeth. Right, Annabeth was there, trying so hard to get Jay to back down . But he wasn't sure if Jay had even noticed she was there. He was completely focused on the one person at his mercy; at the end of his blade. Percy's hand slowly inched it's way toward his pocket. Riptide had to have comeback by now, right? Heknew Annabeth had noticed this movement, but he was positive Jay hadn't. Not yet. That's what he was counting on. In one smooth movement, he'd stepped back, uncapped Riptide, and batted away Jay's sword. Said person definitely was not happy. Their battle began. You see, Jay, urged on by his mother, wanted to gather demigods and storm the underworld, taking out Hades as he did, and perhaps taking over camp for his own uses. Percy found out. He'd gone into the forest, only to hear talking. Using what stealth he could manage, he'd listened as Jay told his plan to another demigod. as soon as he'd heard enough, he had started making his way back to the Big House to tell Chiron, only to be ambushed and pinned to his current position, Riptide thrown deep into the woods, and the other mystery half-blood gone. Annabeth seemed to have come after him when he didn't return. Anyway, all of that led to the present. Parry, swipe, duck. Backup, parry, thrust . He started going on autopilot as his instincts took over, lending him the strenth he so desperately needed. Although Jay wasn't the sharpest crayon in the box, his swordsmanship had grown to an impressive level; not quite at Percy's, but close. The fact that Percy'd gotten a slight cut on his neck when he'd moved hadn't helped much. Stygian iron has the ability to suck out a part of your soul if it cuts you and is held to the wound. You know, iron-to-flesh contact. Even iif you only get cut, it would feel like icy fire was racing through your body, no matter if its only as big as a papercut, of a long slice down your arm. the effect is the same, only stronger the larger the wound is. There's your chance! Now, disarm! Jay's sword clattered to the ground, and suddenly their positions were swapped. Jay was at Riptides tip, completely at Percy's mercy. Smirking. "You didn't think it would be that easy, did you, Jackson?' Without waiting for a response, he'd tapped his foot to the ground, and his skin had paled to a near pure white color. He briefly thought he'd felt Annabeth's hand circle his, pulling him away. Then he was falling. All he could hear was the wind in his ears. What light there was had swiftly been put out as the earth closed over them. He could feel Annabeth holding onto his arm, and he dully noted that she'd never let go. They were falling together, whether they liked it or not. And Jay. Percy wasn't sure, but he'd thought that Jay had fallen with them into this chasm he'd created. Tartarus. Percy knew that that was the destination that Jay had in mind. He could think of no where else as they fell. How long was the fall supposed to be? Three, four days? Or maybe nine, or ten. He didn't know, but with his best friend with him, all he could do was hope that there was water underneath them. On the second day, or what he'd assumed was the second