DISCLAIMER: I own none of these characters except Jayme. She's my OC Look, being a half-blood sounds awesome right? Well, it's not. it's dangerous and scary, and most of us die at a very young age. If you think this is fiction, good for you. Just believe it, you'll be safer. My name is Jayme Jackson. I'm 12 years old, and I have a twin brother named Percy Jackson. Up until a couple months ago, we went to a boarding school called Yancy Academy. It's a private school for troubled youth in upstate New York. Are we troubled kids? Yeah. I guess that sounds about right. There are lots of places I could start explaining how terrible my life is, but the real mess started last May, when Percy and I went on a field trip to a museum in Manhattan. Twenty-eight mental case kids and two teachers on a school bus to look at Greek and Roman stuff. Sounds like it sucks, right? Like torture? Yeah, most Yancy field trips were. But my favorite teacher, Mr. Brunner, was leading the trip, so at least this trip had potential. Mr. Brunner was a middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning brown hair with a scruffy beard the same color. He wore a frayed tweed jacket that always smelled like black coffee. When you first meet him, you think you'll hate the class and him, but he's cool. He told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. He also had an awesome Roman armor and weapon collection, so he was the only teacher that didn't put Percy to sleep. I hoped this trip wouldn't end like they usually do. Which means, Percy and I won't get in trouble. Wow, I was way off. Bad things always happen to the Jackson twins (Percy and I) on field trips. Like at our fifth grade school, Percy accidentally fired a Revolutionary War cannon at the Saratoga battlefield. He didn't mean to hit the school bus, but it was in the way. And guess what happened; expelled. And before that, at our fourth grade school, we took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, and I leaned against a lever on the catwalk at the same time as Percy hit the wrong lever. Our class kinda took an unplanned swim in the tank. Then before that... Nevermind, you get the idea. This trip, I was NOT getting in trouble. All the way into the city, I listened to Percy putting up with Nancy Bobofit, the freckle-faced, redheaded kleptomaniac she-devil messing with the best friend Percy and I share, Grover, in the back of the head with chunks of a peanut-butter-and-ketchup sandwich. (Gross!) Grover was easy to pick on. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated, and he must've been held back a few grades, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and a wispy beard attempting to grow on his chin. If that wasn't enough, Grover was crippled. He had a note excusing him from PE forever because of some muscular disease in his legs. He walked weird, like every step hurt, but don't let that fool you. You should've seen him run on enchilada day. Sorry, off topic. Nancy Bobofit was throwing sandwich wads at Grover, which stuck in his curly brown hair, and she knew Percy and I couldn't do anything to stop her because we were already on probation. The headmaster had threatened Percy with death by in-school suspension if anything bad, or mildly entertaining happened here, and threatened me with out-of-school suspension, back home which could be way worse. "I'm going to kill her," Percy mumbled. Grover tried to calm him down. "It's okay. I like peanut butter." I turned to look at Grover from my seat. "Please tell me you don't like it with ketchup." Grover frowned, and gave me a look that read 'not helping.' He dodged another piece of Nancy's lunch. "That's it." Percy started to get up, but Grover pulled him back to his seat. "You're already on probation," Grover reminded Percy. "You know who'll get blamed if anything happens." "He's right," I added. I glared at Nancy, who cowered slightly then threw another chunk of her lunch, but at me instead of Grover. "Okay, I'm through with her." I snarled under my breath and lunged across the seats at her. She squealed, which sounded more like a squeak, but Percy and Grover pushed me back. "Whoa, Jayme," Percy said. "I want to kill her too, but you're in worse shape with the headmaster than I am." "Fine," I growled. I slowly sat back down into the bus seat, keeping my icy glare on her. I really wish Percy would've decked her right then, I wouldn't have made a difference in what happened to us later. Mr. Brunner led the museum tour. He rode up in his wheelchair, guiding us through the wide halls of the galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old black and orange pottery vases, which made me uncomfortable to be around; I break things a lot. I thought it was crazy that stuff like this survived for two or three thousand years. Mr. Brunner gathered us around a thirteen-foot-tall stone column with a big sphinx on top, and started to explain that it was a grave marker, a stele, for a girl around our age. He told us about all the carvings on the sides. Percy and I tried to listen to him, because it was kind of interesting, but no one would shut up, and every time we asked kids to do so, Mrs. Dodds, the other chaperone, gave us the evil eye. Mrs. Dodds was this math teacher from Georgia who always wore a black leather jacket, despite her fifty year old age. She looked mean enough to ride a Harley into your school locker. She came to Yancy about halfway through the year, after our last math teacher had a nervous breakdown. From day one, she loved Nancy Bobofit (which was her first real issue) and figured Percy and I were the spawn of Satan himself. She would point her scrawny, ugly crooked finger and us and say, "Now honey," and we knew we were going to have after-school detention for a month. One time, after she made Percy and I erase answers out of old math books until midnight, Percy told Grover he didn't think Mrs. Dodds was human. I agreed, the Grover looked at us, being dead serious, and said, "You're absolutely right." Which freaked me out a little, and I don't scare easy. Mr. Brunner continued talking about Greek funeral art. Finally, Nancy Bobofit snickered something about the naked guy on the stele, and I whirled around at the same time as Percy, and we said, "Will you shut up?" Apparently, it was louder than it was supposed to be. Everyone laughed. Mr. Brunner stopped his story. "Mr and Miss Jackson," he said, "did you have a comment?" Percy's face flushed red. I wanted to pull down my pony tail and let my hair cover the embarrassment that flooded my face. "No, sir." Percy and I said in unison. Mr. Brunner pointed to one of the pictures on the stele. "Perhaps one of you will tell us what this picture represents?" It sounded more like a statement than a question to me, but, for once, I didn't question a teacher. Percy and I looked at the carving and I watched the relief flush over his face. He recognized it, and thankfully, so did I. "That's Kronos," I stated, which Percy finished with. "He's eating his kids, right?" "Yes," Mr. Brunner said. If he was satisfied, he obviously didn't show it. "And he did this because..." "Well..." Percy's voice faded, and his face showed he was digging through the files of his brain to remember. I did the same. I know this! I thought, feeling like a total idiot. "Kronos was the king god, and-" Percy started to say, then was cut off by Mr. Brunner. "God?" He asked. "Titan," Percy corrected. "And..." His train of thought had clearly ended. "He didn't trust his children, the gods." I said, picking up where Percy left off. He gave me a look of relief. 'Thanks,' he mouthed. I inclined my head slightly, giving a silent 'you're welcome' as I kept trying to explain. "So, Kronos ate them, right? But his wife, er, Rhea, hid baby Zeus and made Kronos eat a rock instead." Percy picked up where I left off. "And when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, into barfing up his brothers and sisters-" "Eeew!" A girl behind us moaned. "-and so there was this big fight between the gods and the Titans," Percy continued, "and the gods won." I smiled, and Percy held out his hand at his waist for a high-five. I returned it happily. Some kids snickered from the back of the group. Behind us, Nancy Bobofit mumbled to a friend, "Like we're gonna use this in real life. Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.'" "I'm going to kill her," I muttered to Percy, crossing my arms across my chest. "And why, Mr and Miss Jackson," Brunner said, "to paraphrase Miss Bobofit's excellent question, does this matter in real life?" "Busted," Grover muttered, making me snicker. "Shut up," Nancy hissed, her face even brighter red than her hair. "Aw," I said with mock sympathy, looking at Nancy with a pouty lip. "Did somebody get embarrassed?" She glared at me, and I felt Mrs. Dodds's eyes on my back as well. I turned back toward Mr. Brunner. I was just happy Nancy, at least, got called out too. Mr. Brunner was the only one who ever caught her saying anything wrong. He had radar ears. Percy and I thought about it. I glanced at him and saw a puzzled expression on his face that clearly matched mine. Finally, Percy spoke up and shrugged. "I don't know, sir." Mr. Brunner looked at me. I shook my head, my midnight ponytail flopping around. "I'm sorry, I don't know either." "I see." Mr. Brunner looked disappointed. "Well, half credit, Mr and Miss Jackson. Zeus did indeed feed Kronos a mixture of mustard and wine, which made him disgorge his other five children," I gagged, and I don't have a lace stomach either. I don't gag easy, but the thought of mustard and wine together is nasty. Mr. Brunner continued, not paying me any attention. "Who, of course, being immortal gods, had been living and growing up completely undigested in the Titan's stomach. The gods defeated their father, sliced him to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains around Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld. On that happy note, it's time for lunch. Mrs. Dodds, would you lead us back outside?" The class drifted off, the girls, except me, clutching their stomachs, while the guys pushed each other around and acted like idiots. Grover, Percy, and I were about to follow when Mr. Brunner said, "Mr and Miss Jackson." Crap , I thought. I could tell by the look on Percy's face he knew it was coming. We told Grover to keep going. Then we turned toward Mr. Brunner. "Yessir?" I asked him, unwillingly meeting his gaze. Mr. Brunner had this look that wouldn't let you go anywhere - intense, ancient brown eyes that looked a thousand years old and have seen everything. "You must learn the answer to my question." He stated. "About the Titans?" Percy asked, raising an eyebrow. "About real life. And how your studies apply to it." "Oh." I stayed quiet, I knew if this applied to Percy it applied to me too, but I had no opinion to interject in this conversation. I fiddled with my rubber bracelet, knowing I listen better with something else to