Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Summary: It is common knowledge that wizards are fired when they are sent to the Centaur Liaison Office, but common knowledge isn't always right, as Ginny is about to find out. (a/n: set five years after the war described in Deathly Hallows, not taking the epilogue into consideration.) ... Chapter One ... Liaison (n.): 1. communication and co-operation between people or groups. 2. a person who is a link or go-between. 3. a bond of union. 4. an illicit intimacy between a man and woman ... 1815 ... Grogan Stump, the first-appointed Minister for Magic (from 1811 to the present date), looked at the reports for the various Departments. The one that had caused the most trouble so far, the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, also had the worst report for some of their Divisions. He had created three divisions of this Department, just to keep every creature, being, and has-been happy; the Beast Division, the Being Division, and the Spiritual Division. The Being and Spiritual Divisions were going along fine, but the Beast Division was having trouble, according to the report. Sometimes, he almost wished that the Wizard's Council had remained in control, instead of the Ministry being created. But then, he had managed to fix the problem that the Council had made by trying to label varied creatures into sections. They were still labelled, but in a way that was easiest for everyone to comprehend. Of sorts... Stump sighed, rubbed his temples, and looked to the Head of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. "What is wrong with the centaurs now?" he asked wearily. "Nothing, sir," the Head replied. "That is just it. We have not seen one centaur in the Centaur Liaison Office since it was created," he said. "I doubt we will, either, if you will beg my pardon saying so," another voice contributed, not sounding very apologetic. "What is it ... What is your name?" Stump asked, looking to the person who had spoken. "Williams, sir. Just appointed Head Auror last week," he added to refresh the Minister's memory. "Oh, yes. Of course. Well, go on, Williams," Stump said. "Centaurs are proud beings, sir. They are not going to come to anyone for help, especially not us now that we tried to make them 'beings' along with ghouls and hags, and the like," Williams said. Stump winced slightly, and nodded. The centaurs had not been happy about that, to say the least . "The centaurs are not going to use the office we've provided them, so I suggest that we use it for something else," Williams finished. "What do you have in mind?" Stump asked. Williams grinned, and continued to outline his plan for the office. ... 2002 ... "Ginny, you've got a plane," her assistant called from outside of the office. "I'll deal with it later!" Ginny called back, rolling her eyes. She was far too busy to deal with mundane planes filled with mundane problems from mundane people ! "It's a green plane," her assistant said, looking into the office with wide eyes. Ginny stopped moving. Her hand, poised above the parchment, went numb in surprise. The quill dropped from her unfeeling fingers, ink spots flying onto the no-longer-important document. As she stood up and went to retrieve the green plane - oh, why did it have to be a green one ? - Ginny wondered what she'd done to deserve this. She'd finished Hogwarts after the war, receiving fairly high marks considering the little she had actually learned from the mostly incompetent Professors. Ginny had been offered a job in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, which she happily accepted, eager to put her spells and knowledge of animals to good use. Now, two years later, she was the Assistant to the Head of the Department, which basically meant that she'd gone from doing filing to practically running the office. Of course, everyone knew that the Heads of Ministry Offices didn't actually do any work. They just went around, trying to look important, getting everyone else to do the work they were meant to do, and then taking credit for it. Since she'd risen so fast, Ginny's name was getting fairly well-known in the Ministry. Was the green plane because she was getting attention? No, not even the Ministry could give someone a green plane for being well-known! Could they ? Ginny looked at the green plane suspended in the air. She wondered if the plane knew what it represented. She wondered if the green plane knew that it was ominous, and had the ability to scare hundreds of Ministry employees into submission at its mere mention. She finally wondered if the green plane liked having such power, before plucking it out of the air, and returning to her office, still feeling numb. She sat down, trying to still her shaking hands. A few deep breaths later, Ginny took another four to ten deep breaths and undid the charm on the green plane. The plane unfolded itself, straightened out the creases and propped itself up so it could be read. Ginny tried not to think about how smug the plane looked, even as she read the words she had been dreading. You are being transferred to the Centaur Liaison Office. Please bring your belongings . ... Soon after the Centaur Liaison Office was created, it was noticed that most of the people who were sent there were fired. As centaurs never step foot (or hoof) into the Ministry, it was quite easy to see why. So, being 'sent to the Centaur Liaison Office' soon became jargon for 'getting fired' within the Department for the Regulations and Control of Magical Creatures. Green planes were sent for people who were being 'transferred' to the Centaur Liaison Office. Whenever a Ministry officer saw one, they usually ducked or tried to hide, in case it was sent for them. These actions, of course, never worked, and soon after receiving the green plane, the witch or wizard in question could be seen heading towards the 'Cloffice', as it's not-quite-affectionately-known, looking depressed. Now, Ginny was among one of those people. Other workers looked surprised, shocked even, that she was being sent there. Some looked sympathetic, while one or two looked happy at the prospect of getting her job. Well, they were welcome to it, the little bastards , Ginny thought viciously. Let them see the Department fall to shit when they realised how much work she actually did. When they realised how much work she did, how much time out of the office she sacrificed to finish documents, the time she wasn't able to spend with Harry, the time she spent on her work, they would surely want her back. The Department wouldn't be able to function without her ! Her head held high, Ginny opened the Cloffice door and stepped in, determined to make them regret this decision. In the very least, she knew that there was still a spare firecracker in her bag, courtesy of George. She could use it, if only she had an excuse to go into her bag. "Miss Weasley, please sit down," a voice said. Ginny's eyes widened when she realised that she recognised the voice, and she turned to see Pansy Parkinson sitting at a desk. Two wizards were sitting on either side of her, but Ginny didn't recognise them. In fact, not one of these three had anything to do with the Ministry, as far as Ginny knew at least. "Parkinson," Ginny replied coldly, sitting down on the single chair facing the witch and two wizards. "You may be wondering why you have been called in here," Pansy said. "Or you are wondering why we are here, as we don't have anything to do with the Ministry, am I right?" she asked, a cross between a sneer and a smile on her face. Ginny put barriers around her mind quickly, making sure not to show any annoyance on her face. "And you have just blocked your mind from us. Interesting," Pansy said, a smile on her face now. "Do you do that with every acquaintance? Or only Slytherins?" she asked. "I don't have to answer you, Parkinson. Now, tell me why I'm here," Ginny said, barely able to keep her lid on her temper. Pansy just smirked, and looked to the document in front of her. Her features softened as she read something. "I was sorry to hear about Fred. The twins were always favourites of mine," she murmured. Ginny clenched her teeth together. "Don't you dare talk about him, Parkinson! What are you reading?" she demanded. "Your scroll. You see, you have been brought to the attention of the Cloffice, what with your recent rise up the Ministry ladder and all," Pansy said. Ginny wasn't sure if she was mocking her or not, so she stayed silent. "The Cloffice isn't what you think it is. It isn't what anyone thinks it is, except of course, for the people who work here," Pansy said. "What the hell are you on about, Parkinson?" Ginny asked, completely confused. Pansy smiled, and as she looked at Ginny, her face became serious. "You are about to be offered a job. It is a job in a world you cannot even begin to imagine; it's a world that you may not want to belong to," Pansy said, trailing off for a moment. One of the wizards coughed slightly, bringing Pansy out of her stupor. "If you accept the job, you are given two weeks off as a grace period, and to get all of the information you need about the job. If you do not accept, then a small Memory Charm is used, and you return to simply being the Assistant to the Head of the Department for Regulations and Control of Magical Creatures," Pansy said, making it sound like the most boring job in the world. Ginny liked her job. But she was still intrigued about what this job had to offer. Even though she had a really good job, no matter how Parkinson made it sound... "What is the job?" she finally asked, her curiosity beating her pride. Pansy smirked now, and stood up. The two wizards stood up as well, and Ginny followed suit, going after them to a side door that she was certain didn't have a room beyond it. Her office view looked straight to the Cloffice, to this very wall in fact, and there were only bricks. Maybe it was like the Room of Requirement ? a small part of her brain thought. Pansy opened the door to reveal a corridor. There were about five rooms were on either side of it, all with large doors that had glass panes in them. Looking into the rooms as they passed, Ginny was surprised on seeing the things that were happening in some of them. It almost looked like a school was being run ... Except for that room where that woman was undressing . Her mind did a double take, and she shook her head. Ginny didn't want to stop, or even ask about it. Not yet, at least. Pansy kept walking down the corridor, opening a door that didn't have any glass on it. All it had was Pansy's name and 'Cloffice Director' written above it. The two wizards stood on either side of the door, and Ginny went past them and into the room. The door shut behind her, and Pansy indicated to a chair across from her position behind the desk. "I'm sure you have a few questions after seeing some of that," Pansy said. "But first, I want you to tell me everything you saw as we walked past," she said, looking at Ginny. Pansy made it sound like a dare, and Ginny never was able to resist dares. "There were about ten classrooms. The first one on