Chapter One "God damn, cunt," Harry swore under his breath, glaring daggers at his aunt, who had her back turned to him while she did dishes. She had just finished berating him for failing to pass a test, some stupid bullshit in history class that he couldn't give a flying fuck over. Who cared if some pompous dingus or asshat idiot did this or that, it had no affect today, and to be fair, not even today mattered. Everything was dying anyway, and life always ended leaving nothing truly beyond of those who came before. What's the point of it all? The question was a daily one, roaring in the forefront of his mind as bright and fierce as the freshly made cuts upon his wrists. "What was that, Harry?" his aunt asked, a tone in her voice making it clear she expected him to back talk her. "I said I'm going out, Pet" He replied, his words low and venomy. Since he turned fourteen, two years ago, his mom had officially become Pet, as a means to undermine the fictional authoritative hold the stupidity of society placed on him through her. Then grabbing his phone, he walked out the door, not even waiting to hear his aunt's complaints. Shows her who is grounded. As he stepped down the driveway, he unlocked his phone, texting his buddy, Ron. Ron was a cool dude, not as rebel as Harry, but alright all the same. Plus he always had the best drugs, and in Harry's opinion, that was pretty damn important. Especially right now, when he wanted nothing more than to mellow out, and forget about that happened to day. More important shit than that stupid test. After all, his girlfriend had dumped him, not even a week from them being together for a year. It made him so mad, given her excuse. Some bullshit line about how he was too dark for her, and for her, it was just a phase she was now starting to grow out of, one he seemed unable to. "Whatever, man." He muttered to himself, as he pulled up his texts with his buddy. Hey R, u got anything Staring at his phone, he awaited the response, the notification sound quickly rewarding his patience as a message appeared. Yea, y, u want sum, H If it cool? Come over Smiling a little to himself, before his face became its normal mask of indifference, he headed off in the direction of his friend's house. Chapter Two The house was pretty plain, looking like one of those idiotic sitcom houses from shows his grandparents watched or something. But then the world was pretty plain to be honest. That's kind of why it bored Harry. He walked up the the door, painted red, and made of some thick wood. Cedar or something. He didn't know. Beside the door, there was a white doorbell button, but Harry used neither the doorbell or the door to announce his arrival. Instead, he simply leaned over, turned over a rock in the little rock decoration thing beside the door, and grabbed the spare key, before unlocking and entering the house, as if he owned the place. Not like there was anyone to care, Ron's parents did some stupid careers that had them away for most the time, and Ron was usually left to fend for himself majority of the day. Harry was a little jealous, actually. He wished he could be free of his aunt and uncle, his nagging Aunt in particular. "Hey, Ron, you upstairs?" He yelled, before walking to a staircase. Like the door, it was wooden, or rather wooden paneled. "Yeah, come on up." A voice called down, it was deep, which was a little weird given how off putting it was with Ron's appearance. But then the twig had a deep voice... Just how fate worked. It took but a minute for Harry to reach the top of the stairs, and at the entrance to Ron's room. It was a simple room, painted white on the walls, with your standard carpet. But it was covered in posters of metal bands. A drum kit sat in a corner, while beside the bed, while beside the door was a glass desk with a computer, energy drinks lining the device like it was the center piece of some weird altar. It was at this desk that Ron was, watching some weird video on youtube. He was a tall and lanky guy, about six foot three, and only weighing like a hundred and fourty pounds. He also had long greasy blond hair, and his clothes looked like what a biker would wear. In fact, if Harry was honest, Ron looked basically like an anorexic biker. Had even called him as much a couple times. Chapter Three "Hey H, good timing," Ron said, passing a blunt. Harry took it, inhaled, and then passed it back. Ron's lights were off, and windows covered, making the majority of the room pitch black. It comforted Harry, reminding him of the darkness he called friend. "Authoritative robots out until when...?" Harry asked, the phrase coming out his mouth like bile. He hated grown ups. Always thinking they are better. "All night. Some fucking bullshit, I dunno" Ron said, waving his free hand in a gesture that clearly indicated he gave, and never did, no fucks, before taking another hit. "Oh?" Harry half smirked, as he reached out to take the blunt, before taking a hit and passing it back. "Yeah, so if you wanna do something a little strong later, I'm game." "What about a place to crash? Pet is being a tool." "What can you do? They don't understand this world has no meaning and that none of this matters. Feel envious of that one kid who killed himself last year. Least he got freedom from this stupid shithole we call life." "Yeah, I understand. Ya know, I tried to do it last week?" "Oh, that's what those red marks were about? Guess that also explains why Pet has been so hard on you lately." "Yeah... She just doesn't get it though." "Yeah." It got silent as the two just relaxed and smoked pot together, taking in the reassuring emptiness that they felt. Forgetting all the insignificant bullshit that everyone tried to tell them mattered. Didn't everyone know, nothing mattered. Chapter Four It was late by the time they started to come down. Late enough that the grasshoppers in the neighborhood were making a huge fuss outside, though the two couldn't hear any, but a singular one that apparently made it in the house, and upstairs. The two were silent, having decided to just contemplate things. "I wanna leave." Harry said, suddenly, breaking their silence. If he wasn't so decided, might have even felt a little off about breaking it. "Thought you needed to stay the night?" Ron asked, turning to look at Harry. "Nah, man, I don't mean leave here, " pointing around the room, I mean leave here" His last words were accented by a more sweeping gesture, an attempt, and by Ron's suddenly understanding expression successful, to mean the entire town. "Where would you go?" "Not sure, does it really matter to be honest? Anywhere is better than this shit hole of a town." "Guess you got a point, H. What inspired this?" "Just sick of all the bullshit. It's all just trivial ass shit, the schools, the jobs, the people. Like why bother with this rinky dink pile of turd. Be better off by myself. Away from all the castrated pieces of shit who call their pathetic excuses for lives living." His reaction had been bubbling for the last couple of months. Harry's growing distaste for his continued existence in this town becoming more and more palpable, as his continued cutting grew more intense. Most thought he cut to feel alive, and it was true, his normal life causing no sense of anything but disappointment and annoyance. It was only through cutting that he felt any thrill. But it wasn't enough. After all, there was no real threat of release from this paltry existence from cutting. Least if he left, and explored, that much would change. Chapter Five Ron was quiet while he thought about it all, taking in his friend's words. His brain chewing it over. Finally, he spoke, his words assured and decisive. "Then let's leave. No reason to stay if you are so sick of being here. I'll go with you, give you some company, I guess." Harry looked at his friend, confused. He had been venting, but he didn't think Ron would take him seriously. But could he just leave. He damn well wanted to. The mediocrity of his life was such a bore. "Come on, man, either you want to go, or you are wasting my high" Ron retorted, his patience wearing thin fast. "Yeah, sorry, man, sure. If you wanna go, then yeah, let's leave." "Alright, cool. Then we best call it, so we can get some stuff together tomorrow. Can't leave empty handed." "Take the couch downstairs in the basement?" "Yeah, the couch. That way if my dumbass parents show, they won't know you are here until they leave again. Then we'll grab some shit, and steal some cash and just go. Any idea where you wanna head?" "Nah, but we can figure it out, I'm sure. Anyway, Night, man." Harry replied, as he stood, and walked to the door. It was only as he was about to leave that he stopped and turned to look at his friend. "Thanks, Ron." "Course, H, you woulda wussied out if I didn't say anything, and I could tell this is really eating you. Just make it up to me somehow someday. I dunno. Find me some good weed wherever we go or something. "Yeah, sure, man." With that, Harry went downstairs and to the basement. The basement was mostly plain, with a washer and dryer in a corner. The interesting part of the basement, was the corner farthest away from the stairs, where a mini chill pad was, a tv and games surrounded by several couches, one of which being a futon. Pulling the futon mattress out, Harry laid down, and for the first night in a while, had a good rest. Chapter Six Light was streaming in from the windows of the basement as Harry began to finally stir and the events of the previous day flooded his mind. He sighed as he shifted, trying to find a slightly more comfortable position on the uncomfortable couch, as the regret of what he had proposed flooded him. He hadn't actually meant what he had said about leaving, he'd just simply been caught up in the moment, caught in the frustration of his life. Harry knew he had to commit to the idea now or Ron would think he was a dickless coward, and although he would never admit it to anyone, Ron's opinion meant more to him than anyone else's and he was not willing to jeopardize it. Ron was his only true friend and always tended to be there for him, with drugs, but was there nonetheless. Harry honestly didn't know what he'd do without him, but he guessed it wouldn't be good. Probably would just end up killing himself, if he was being completely honest with himself. Finally giving up on trying to find a better position Harry pulled himself up into a sitting position and stretched. Fuck was he sore. Maybe he should reconsider sleeping on people's shitty fucking couches in the future. All they were good for was fucking him up. Harry pulled out his phone from his pocket to quickly check if anyone had noticed his absence or otherwise required his attention. Not surprisingly he had 0 texts. Usually Ron was the only one who bothered contacting him anyway. People sucked. Although he had a bit of a dislike of social media he