What Are Friends For? The Great Hall was crowded for breakfast, as it had been every morning since the arrival of two additional schools for the Tri-Wizard Tournament. With Beauxbatons and Durmstrang students along with the Hogwarts students the Great Hall became crowded quickly. The elves struggled to get enough food on the table so that every student, including the visiting students and the staff that came with them and the Hogwarts staff and professors could get enough to eat. Hermione was sitting at the Gryffindor table, waiting for her boys, Harry and Ron show up. She had already eaten and had her Charms book opened and was reading about the Cheering charm that Professor Flitwick said they would be reviewing in class that day. She flipped between the Cheering charm and looking for charms that would help Harry in the next task. Harry was chosen as one of the Tri-Wizard Tournament champions. All things considered, Hermione thought that Harry was handling everything well. After Ron came to his senses after the First task, he began helping in preparing for the second task. The last time Hermione had asked Harry if he had figured the egg out yet, he hadn't, much to her frustration. Personally, she didn't know what he was waiting for. "Hi Hermione," a voice said to her right. Hermione looked up as Neville sat down nearby. He had changed his looks over the summer and he was almost unrecognizable. "Good morning, Neville," Hermione greeted and turned back to her book before she realized that Harry and Ron still weren't at breakfast yet. She glanced at her watch and noticed that Harry and Ron were running late this morning. "Neville, where are Harry and Ron?" She asked, figuring he would know, considering that he shared a dorm with Harry and Ron. Before Neville could reply, Ron came rushing in and sat down in front of her. He began filling his plate before he greeted Hermione with a mumbled "Morning" and started eating his breakfast. "Where's Harry?" Hermione asked when she noticed that Harry wasn't with Ron. Something didn't feel right to her, something was wrong. "He said he'll meet us in Charms," Ron replied, around a mouthful of eggs. "He hasn't eaten breakfast yet. Are we supposed to bring him something to eat?" Hermione inquired. "I hate that Harry would have to go all day until lunch without eating. I don't like the idea of him sitting through class with an empty stomach." Ron spread some jam on a piece of toast and began jamming them in his mouth. Harry didn't mention anything about bringing him anything to eat. "Harry didn't tell me to bring him anything," Ron said, wondering if he should bring Harry something. As a matter of fact, he was still in the bed when he left the dorm. Ron didn't ask any questions because he didn't want to bother Harry. Once Ron was finished with breakfast, they headed upstairs to the Charms classroom. On the way, Ron and Hermione were on the lookout for Harry. When they made it to the classroom, they didn't find Harry anywhere. He wasn't in the classroom, making Hermione more concerned than what she already was. The bell rang for class to begin and Professor Flitwick began to lecture. Hermione was even more concerned and concluded that she and Ron were going to check on Harry after class was over. OoOoOoOoOoOoO As soon as Charms was over, they rushed upstairs to Gryffindor tower. Harry never came to class, making Hermione and Ron all the more concerned. As they walked to Gryffindor tower, they made a plan of what they were going to do. "If he's not in the common room or the dorm, we'll check the places we know he goes to be alone. The tree by the lake, the unused classroom on the seventh floor, the Quidditch pitch….." "And if he's not at any of those places, we'll get Professor McGonagall," Ron concluded. "Yes," Hermione agreed. She told the Fat Lady the password and then she dropped her stuff in an armchair next to the stairs going up to the dorms. She led Ron up the stairs to the boy's dorm and opened the door to the Fourth Year boy's dorm. "What is that smell?" Hermione asked, as soon as she walked in the room. Ron shrugged. "I don't know." Hermione pulled out her wand and waved it around to banish the smell. If she didn't know any better, it smelled like sick. As she approached Harry's bed, she found a small puddle of vomit on the floor. She vanished, it before approaching Harry's bed cautiously. "Harry?" She said, softly. She reached over and gently shook his shoulder. He groaned slightly at the movement. He turned around and Hermione noticed he looked like he was sick. He was pale, his cheeks were flushed a dark pink, in contrast to his pale skin, and his eyes were glassy, a sure sign he had a fever and maybe a high one. "You look awful!" Hermione exclaimed. Ron was behind her, also her looking concerned. "If it's anything like I feel I must look like a fright," Harry mumbled. "What's wrong?" Ron asked before Hermione had a chance. "I don't feel so good," Harry replied. Hermione approached him and put her hand on the raven headed teen's forehead. "You're burning up." She looked at Ron, sharing a look of concern, before turning back to Harry. "What hurts?" "My stomach hurts," Harry answered. To establish his point he wrapped his arms about his middle. To say Harry looked like a wreck was an understatement. He groaned weakly and turned onto his side. "Perhaps we should take him to Madam Pomfrey," Hermione whispered to Ron as she covered Harry up with the quilt on Harry's bed. Harry curled into a ball, clutching his stomach, and moaning into the pillow. Hermione reached over and rubbed his back. "I don't think I've seen him this sick before," Ron whispered to Hermione, as she continued rubbing Harry's back. Hermione agreed. They had seen Harry sick with a minor headache or a stomach ache from eating too many sweets, but this was the sickest they have seen Harry. "Should I go and get Madam Pomfrey?" Ron asked. Before Hermione could answer Ron's question, Harry sat up, a green tint on his face. He had glanced up at his friends, noticing their looks of concern. But before he could say anything, his cheeks inflated and his mouth went to his mouth in hopes of holding back whatever was about to come out. Ron rushed to the cupboard where the sick buckets were kept and hurried back to Harry. No sooner than Ron got the bucket in front of Harry, he began to throw up. Hermione pushed his hair back and rubbed his back. Harry continued to throw up until he stopped and looked up at Hermione, looking sickly. "I think we need to go see Madam Pomfrey," she said to her sick best friend. Once he got his breath back, he agreed, much to the surprise of Hermione and Ron. They remember how they would have to drag Harry down to the matron when he was feeling under the weather. Then it was something small like a stomach ache or a headache, but this was something that even Hermione couldn't figure out what do. Ron helped Harry sit up in his bed and then out of bed, waiting for Hermione to take the other side. They didn't bother changing his clothes since he would be going back to bed when they get back from the hospital wing. Hermione took the other side of Harry, helping Ron lead their ailing best friend towards the portrait hole and to the school matron. On the way down to the floor where the matron was located, they stopped a few times because Harry felt he was going to be sick. They finally reached the hospital wing, entering the large ornate doors, immediately drawing attention from Madam Pomfrey. She led them to the curtained off exam area and waited until Ron and Hermione helped Harry on the table. "What seems to be the problem?" Madam Pomfrey asked. "I woke up feeling sick this morning," Harry explained. "He threw up before we brought him down here and he feels warm," Hermione added, hoping this additional information would help the matron found out what was wrong with Harry. "Where does it hurt? Your stomach?" Madam Pomfrey inquired. Harry nodded, slowly, afraid any sudden movement might cause more of his stomach contents to appear on the hospital wing floor. He cringed as he felt his stomach cramp. Then it rolled uncomfortably. Madam Pomfrey asked Ron and Hermione if they could step out to allow Harry some privacy during the exam. Once they were gone, Madam Pomfrey began her exam waved her wand, running a diagnostic charm. "You have a fever of 101," she informed her patient. "You may, however, return to your dorm, after the examination." "Really?" Harry asked, figuring he would be made to stay in the hospital wing. "Yes. I will allow your friends to take care of you, under my strict instructions." She wasn't too concerned since she knew Hermione and Ron would take good care of him, once she gave the immunity potion. They had taken turns taking care of Harry when he had a headache or a stomach ache, once even bringing him to the hospital wing to make sure what Harry had wasn't serious. "Lie back on the table for me," the matron ordered. Harry obeyed her, lying back on the exam table. He watched the mediwitch wave her wand running another diagnostic charm. She hummed as she read over the results. "Can you pull up your shirt for me?" she directed kindly. Harry pulled up his shirt halfway, but Madam Pomfrey pulled it up further to expose Harry's abdomen. She conjured a stethoscope placing it on Harry's stomach. "I'm going to listen to your abdomen, now. It might be a little cold," she warned. She placed the diaphragm of the stethoscope on Harry's abdomen and began to listen to the sounds Harry's belly was making. When she finished, she removed the stethoscope and laid it down on the table. She rubbed her hands together in an attempt to warm them. "Now, I'm going to palpate or probe your abdomen. I want you to tell me if it hurts where I press, okay?" "Okay," Harry murmured. "Just relax for me." Madam Pomfrey began lightly palpating Harry's abdomen, watching his face for any signs of distress. She warned him when she finished the light palpation and moved on to the deep palpation. Harry made a face when she reached the middle of his abdomen. "Does that hurt?" Madam Pomfrey asked, noticing Harry's grimace therefore pausing her examination. "Kind of, that's where it hurts the most," Harry explained. "Applying a warm bottle or heat pack to your abdomen will help with the cramps and pain," Madam Pomfrey suggested. "Okay." She resumed her palpations, pressing in deeply, but gently as she reached Harry's lower abdomen. Not too long later, she finished her exam and then allowed Harry to sit up. Harry sat up slowly, pulling his shirt down. "So what's wrong with me?" He inquired. "It appears you have a twenty four hour stomach virus," the mediwitch explained. Harry slightly leaned over, wrapping an arm about his middle. She approached the curtain, sticking her head out to call, "you can come in now." Ron and Hermione reentered the exam area and approached the table where Harry sat. Hermione soothingly rubbed his back as Harry laid his head on her shoulder. Ron and Hermione shared a look of concern. They knew Harry must feel really awful if he was acting like this. Over the last three years they have known each other, they have never seen one of them this sick. But because they