Moving Day Summary: A few weeks after getting engaged, Ginny moves into Harry's flat. Looking around the flat one more time, Ginny found that most of all her belongings were packed and ready to go. Today was moving day and she was moving into Harry's flat. A move that at first didn't please Molly, but she now more accepted the idea, especially since they would be getting married in the summer. The move itself wasn't going to be difficult as she was just moving across the hall. The furniture she had purchased was being divided into two categories, store or give to Mum and Dad. She didn't have much only a kitchen table with a few chairs, a couch and a table with an armchair and her bedroom suite. Between her schedule of practices, games, promotional tours and other things that came with being a Quidditch star, she wasn't there much and if she was home, she was with Harry, at his flat. She had decided to move her full size bedroom suite from her flat to her room at the Burrow, enlarging the room a little for the furniture to fit, and moving the old furniture to the attic. Her kitchen table was bigger than the one Harry had, and would fit in the kitchen, while the current one would be moved down to his storage unit in the basement. George took the couch and coffee table to keep in the flat above the shop. Ron, understandably, wouldn't sit on it until Harry assured him that he and Ginny didn't shag on it. The armchair she had in her sitting room was being moved to Harry's bedroom. Correction, her and Harry'sbedroom. The decision to move into Harry's flat came when Ginny was reviewing the Harpies schedule and a calendar. It was either move in with Harry now or wait until after the wedding. With the season winding down, Ginny felt it was a perfect opportunity to go ahead and move. She had brought up the topic one night when she brought home Chinese and headed to Harry's flat. " Hey babe," Ginny called into the flat, announcing her arrival. Harry came in from the bedroom, having changed out of his work clothes and into a Holyhead Harpies shirt and sweatpants, his feet were bare. " Hi Cupcake," Harry greeted. They kissed and then headed to the kitchen. Harry got out the plates and forks, while Ginny pulled out the food. " Sweet and sour chicken, noodles, rice, prawns…." Ginny trailed off as Harry began piling food on his plate. Harry looked up at her, over his glasses. "I skipped lunch and haven't eaten since breakfast," he said defensively. " I've been looking at the Harpies schedule and our calendar. If I want to move in here, I would need to do it now, or wait until after we married." Harry paused, a prawn speared on his fork. He was thinking, Ginny could tell. The green in his eyes went darker, but not as dark as they did when someone ignited his temper or when he was angry. " Okay, how long do you have on your lease?" Harry asked, stuffing the prawn into his mouth. Ginny poured some soda into two glasses and handed one to Harry. " It is up in June. But I kind of hate to come home from the honeymoon and have to move my stuff in here. I was thinking, I'd move in here now, and sublet my flat." Harry thought over what Ginny had said as he sipped on his drink. Ginny was right, it would be easier on both of them if Ginny moved in now. " Do you know who would want to sublet your flat?" Ginny shook her head, scooping some rice into her mouth with a spoon. "I'll talk to Caroline, she said something about needing to find another place to stay, and she could have the option to lease it when mine is up." Harry smiled. "So, does this mean, you're moving in with me?" he asked, his smiling widening. For the second time in her life, Ginny smiled at Harry and said, "Yes." Ginny was packing away the pictures when she found her favorite picture of her and Harry. It was taken at the Burrow, for Harry's eighteenth birthday. She laid it in the box and continued to pack the pictures. She had just taped the box when there was a knock at the door. "It's open!" she called. The door opened to reveal the landlord. He was coming to check on the progress of Ginny's move. "How's the packing?" he asked. "It's going good, Herb. The move should be easy considering I am moving across the hall." Herb chuckled. "It should." Ginny's teammate Caroline was subletting the flat. There were only a few months left on the lease, after which Caroline would sign for two years. "Good luck and in case we haven't said it earlier, congratulations on your engagement." Ginny smiled. "Thank you," she said sincerely. The landlord left after Ginny said that she would bring him her and Harry's key to the flat later that afternoon. Herb had left the door open since Ginny was ready to start moving boxes and furniture. Ginny crossed the hall to Harry's flat and opened the unlocked door. Harry must of have opened it for her since they decided that they all would meet at Harry's flat for breakfast since all of Ginny's things were packed. "Harry?" she called. "Bedroom," he called. Ginny walked into the bedroom that she would share with Harry. She stopped at the doorway. The walls once were a cherry red, were changed to a calming blue. There was a more feminine looking dresser and vanity, that wasn't there before. They looked similar to the ones from Ginny's bedroom at the Burrow, but newer and matched Harry's bedroom furniture. Harry's head poked out of the closet where he was making room for Ginny's clothes. "Hey babe," he greeted. "Are you ready for today?" Ginny asked. "Yeah, more so I could wake up with you next to me every morning." Ginny smiled and cupped the back of Harry's head, gently pushing Harry's head closer to her. She pressed her lips to hers and kissed him. "When did you repaint in here?" she asked when they broke apart. Harry looked around the room. "Last weekend when you went to Wales for that promotional engagement for your 'Ginny Weasley Holyhead Harpy doll." Ginny looked around the bedroom, knowing she would sleep in here tonight. Her eyes settled on a familiar yellow and green box with her picture and the Harpies emblem on it, sitting on the table beside the red armchair. "Gwendolyn sent you one didn't she?" She asked. "No, I went to Quality Quidditch Supplies, elbowed my way through the crowd and paid for it myself," Harry replied, voice laced with sarcasm. "When Gwendolyn sent me a copy of your schedule, she sent a pre-order form for the doll and poster. I ordered both and paid for it." Ginny nodded, and walked out to the kitchen. "Have you had breakfast?" She called over her shoulder. "No," Harry replied, through a yawn. Ginny began gathering eggs, sausage and bacon and started fixing herself and Harry some breakfast. She flicked her wand at the scones that were sitting on a plate, with a scent that said they were definitely made by Molly, and send them from their place on the counter to the table. Harry got out the jug of orange juice and a bowl of fruit out of the refrigerator. Just as Ginny was dishing the food onto plates, the floo flared and Ron tumbled out. "I tried to floo to Ginny's, but her floo has been disconnected." "They disconnected to change it out from my account to Caroline's," Ginny explained, pushing Harry into a chair. "Had breakfast?" "No." Ron sat down in the chair beside Harry. He pointed to the table. "Is this staying?" Ron asked. "No, Ginny's table and chairs are being moved over here," Harry explained around a mouthful of eggs. Ginny sat down in the chair on the other side of Harry, across from Ron. "Where's Hermione?" The floo flared and Hermione came through. "Hello, Hermione, had breakfast?" Ginny asked. "Yeah. Mum had breakfast ready when I got up and I ate with her and Dad," Hermione replied. That didn't stop her from picking up a scone from the plate and a cup of tea. "Are you packed and ready?" she asked Ginny. Ginny nodded, having taken a bite of the scone she picked up. She swallowed and sipped some tea before she replied. "Yes. No point in taping the boxes as they would be coming over here to be unpacked and my clothes, I thought I would bring over in groups and piles from the closet and what's in my dresser is all in the laundry basket." Hermione's eyebrows shot up. "You fit all of your clothes you keep in the dresser in your laundry basket?" "I borrowed Harry's and threw some in my hamper since it was empty." They drank the tea until it was gone and ate until there wasn't any food left. They sat in silence for a few minutes until Ron broke it when he asked. "So, where do we start?" OoOoOoOoOoOoO Hermione was helping Ginny move, the more lightweight boxes across the hall, leaving the heavier one for the boys. Since it was approaching noon, Ginny and Hermione decided to head to the sandwich shop and get something for lunch. The boys had left to deliver Ginny's kitchen table and chairs to George, and Ginny's bedroom furniture to the Burrow. They would be gone for a while. "Harry left his car the rental place where he got the truck for the day, we'll have to walk," Ginny said as they rode the lift to the ground floor. "Sounds fine to me." The weather was unusually warm for mid-October. Ginny could recall going to Hogsmeade this time of year with snow on the ground. As much as she loved summer, autumn was another of her favorite times of the year. It meant being at school, with her friends and with Harry. The summer before her fifth year was the summer she couldn't wait for Harry to arrive at the Burrow. After lengthy conversations with Dumbledore, he agreed to allow Harry to come to the Burrow, two weeks early. He had a hard time with Sirius's passing and wasn't handling it well. Ginny still to this day could recall when she returned to Gryffindor tower that evening after the Battle in the Department of Mysteries and finding Harry alone in the common room. She spent the night beside him on the couch, comforting him as he grieved. She often wondered if Harry ever broke down with Ron and Hermione like he did with her. She still recalled the next morning. Harry's eyes were red and puffy, adding to the already dark circles that seemed to never go away. When they went home for the summer, she hugged him extra tightly and said to owl her if he needed her. But the memory that she would often use to do a Patronus was when Harry arrived at the Burrow. Dumbledore had brought him in the late afternoon and Ginny was sitting outside on the porch reading a book Harry got her for Christmas. When she saw him, she ran to him, book forgotten and leaped into his waiting arms. That was start of their relationship and on the morning of her fifteenth birthday, he asked her to be his girlfriend. Ginny was brought back to the present with a tap on her shoulder. She turned and found Hermione looking at her. "Are you okay?" she asked. "You kind of zoned out?" "Yeah." Ginny nodded her head. "I'm fine." Turning the corner, they had made to the sandwich shop. Her and