It was the Birthday Cake Summary: Harry visits Hagrid while he's at Hogwarts for Sirius and Remus to get their room ready. While there Hagrid gives Harry a birthday cake since he's missed Harry's birthday. It was the birthday cake that causes Harry to get sick. Harry laid sprawled on the couch, reading a Defense book. Remus was busy organizing the classroom, he would be using this year, while Sirius was getting their quarters in order. Harry's only job in the process was to organize and clean his room. Since he was at Hogwarts and can use magic, the job was done in about twenty minutes. "Harry, are you going to take your broom to the shed?" Sirius asked. "I'm keeping it in my room here, this year," Harry answered, his eyes remaining on the book he was reading. "That's fine." Sirius began unpacking the things he needed for his desk, opening and closing doors and organizing the quills. Remus was busy in the classroom and he wanted to do that job on his own. After an eventful summer with Sirius and Harry, Remus was looking for a place to have some 'me time'. He rarely got it at home. He had to say in the year since Harry had been living with them, things have improved around the house. It was an adjustment to live with a teenager, but Remus counted his lucky stars that Harry was a boy. Less drama or at least that was what Minerva told him. But Harry he was a good kid, he didn't cause a lot of trouble. He could be cheeky, but Remus welcomed it, giving what Harry had been through. On that night over a year ago when he and Sirius confront Pettigrew, they thought that their chances of getting Sirius's freedom would be gone forever. But when they received a floo call from Dumbledore, telling them to meet him in his office in an hour and then discover that Pettigrew had been found, they were beyond shocked. Because of the public outcry if word was to get out that Sirius never had a trial, Fudge decided to give Sirius the Minister's Pardon. It was all for the sake of keeping up his good image and Sirius knew that, but agreed to it anyway. Veritaserum was used just to make sure that Sirius was telling the truth. It was also used in Pettigrew's trial. He was now serving a life sentence in Azkaban. Sirius was given compensation from the ministry for the twelve years he was falsely in prison. Fudge asked if there was anything that Sirius wanted and his immediately answer was custody of Harry. The at the time thirteen year old was overjoyed. The summer that followed was filled with healer appointments to restore Harry's health and a lot counseling. They got through it and managed the best way they could. And Harry was thriving, he was healthy and was currently at the weight of the average fifteen year old. But Harry was self conscious about his appearance and his body, like any teenager. But Harry was happy, living with Sirius and Remus. They loved him and they showed it. Sirius glanced at the clock Remus had insisted they needed and told Harry that he would be late for tea at Hagrid's. When the half giant heard that Harry would be with Remus and Sirius when they came to Hogwarts to get things organized, he asked Sirius if Harry could come for tea. "I'm going," Harry said, getting up off the couch and headed to his room to drop the book off on his desk. He returned to the sitting room and waved to Sirius. "See you later," Harry called over his shoulder and headed out of the portrait. OoOoOoOoOoOoO Sirius walked into the classroom that would be his and Remus for at least this year. It was a miracle that Professor Dumbledore to rehire Remus to teach Defense once again. The amount of letters from parents and students in Remus's favor was overwhelming that the Board of Governors really had no choice. It helped that Dumbledore had given Sirius a position on the board, taking the chair that many Blacks before him had taken. Sirius assured the board that the students would be safe during the night of the Full Moon. Remus would never be on the grounds when there was a Full Moon, deciding to use the Shrieking Shack for his transformations. Sirius would teach the next day or give the kids an assignment to complete in the library, asking Madam Pince to have them sign in. "What do you think about the Defense club Dumbledore wants to start?" Remus asked. "What do I think about what?" Sirius hadn't been paying attention. Instead, his mind was elsewhere, mostly thinking about how to decorate the office. "What do you think about what Dumbledore said about the Defense club?" Remus repeated. "Oh." Sirius sat down on a desk, smiling inwardly as he knew this would most likely be where Harry and Ron would sit. "I think it's a good idea," Sirius replied. "I think thought that Harry could manage it, with us as the faculty supervisors." "We'll see what Harry thinks about that. This is his OWL year and he would be pretty busy." Remus paused as he glanced at a markup of the fifth year timetables that Professor McGonagall had brought him. "But, he thinks he could tackle it along with Quidditch, homework and OWL prep, and then I wouldn't have a problem." Remus turned to set up a bookcase with his Defense books. "Although, if Harry gets overwhelmed, we'll have to step in and take over the Defense club," Remus said, his back to Sirius. "I agree," Sirius murmured. He walked to the closet and began to organize the equipment. "Has Harry mentioned to you what he would like to do as a career? Remus asked Sirius, entering the closet with extra books in his hand. "That's something else he'll have this year." "That's a talk that can wait until Easter break. Christmas, I figured we'd have the Talk. " "You mean, the Talk…." Remus trailed off, chuckling slightly when Sirius nodded. "It's time for that, isn't it?" "It is." Sirius paused for a second and then turned to Remus. "I think we should also tell him what's going on, and you know what I mean Remus." "Should we really burden him with that?" Remus asked, stopping what he was working on to look at his best friend. "I think we should. He should know why this is happening, Remus. Maybe we could help prevent things from happening. He should know the prophecy, Remus. If James was alive he would tell Harry." "I know he would," Remus sighed. "But Lily wouldn't allow it. He would have to go behind her back to do it." "So, do you see any reason why we shouldn't tell Harry at all or tell him at Christmas?" "Tell him at Christmas," Remus decided. "This way, it gives us time to think about how we're going to start the conversation." "Okay, so we're agreed we'll tell Harry when we're home from Christmas Break?" Remus nodded. "I hope this isn't a mistake." "I don't think it would be," Sirius assured him. He walked out to the corridor and into their private quarters. He had just begun to unpack his things in his room when he heard the floo activate. "Hello, any one here," the voice of Albus Dumbledore called. "I'm here Albus," Sirius said as he entered the sitting room. "What do you need?" "I was wondering if I might have a word with you?" the headmaster asked. "Sure, give me a minute." Sirius wrote a brief note to Remus and Harry and flooed to the headmaster's office. "Settling in alright?" Dumbledore asked. "Yes, we seem to be, we'll officially move on the first September. Just wanted to get some things ready before we get too busy." "Good." Dumbledore handed Sirius a packet of parchment. "This is the information I came up with for the Defense club. You can let me know what you and Remus decided and we'll go from there." "We decided to do it, Albus and let Harry do the teaching with Remus and me supervising. For a fifteen year old wizard, he's powerful and knows a lot of the advanced charms, spells, and everything really. I think there isn't a book in the library he hasn't read once and when we're at Grimmauld Place, he's always practicing." "He's a good kid, Sirius. Considering everything he's went through. I don't think I could apologize enough for leaving him at that horrible place. Minerva has repeated that to me for weeks now." Albus paused to take a sip of tea. "How's he doing since what happened in June?" "He's improved. The nightmares seem to be getting less about Voldemort's return and Cedric's death and more about something happening to me or Remus. He's had a few nights where he didn't sleep at all. The healer you recommended has helped a lot. I don't think we could thank you enough for suggesting him. Healer Sammons told Remus and me that it would take time. Considering the fact that the Ministry now believes Harry's story and Rufus is now the Minister, I think things will return to a normal life, considering the times we're leaving in." Albus nodded and hummed as Sirius talked. Then he asked, "Have you decided on whether or not you'll tell Harry the prophecy?" "We're telling him at Christmas." Sirius paused to gage the headmaster's reaction. When he didn't say anything, Sirius added, "I'll be accompanying Harry to the Hogsmeade weekends this year so as a precaution. I think the rule is, I'm not to say anything about what he eats, buys, or anything. I'm just there for safety." The headmaster chuckled. "Where is Harry at right now?" "He went to Hagrid's. He had invited Harry for tea. He's been gone for about an hour. Roaming around here, I don't mind since the wards are in place. He should be back soon, though." "Okay, well, I'll let you get back to what you were doing. Thank you, Sirius." "You're welcome, Albus." He got up to go to the floo when Dumbledore said. "By the way, I know I said this last year, but, it's nice to see Harry happy again." "Is it," Sirius agreed and flooed to Remus's office, so he could tell him about the talk with Dumbledore. Harry wouldn't back for another hour, probably taking his time walking back to enjoy the sunny August afternoon. Sirius figured he would go to the library to talk with Madam Pince about his idea of sending his classes to the library for a research assignment if he wasn't able to teach the days during the Full Moon. OoOoOoOoOoOoO If Sirius walked into his quarters at that moment, he would have his godson in the same position he would have that morning before Harry left for Hagrid's: lying on the couch. Only this time, Harry was curled up on his side, his eyes closed, trying to concentrate on not throwing up. Visions of the green glob of frosting that reminded Harry of toothpaste were floating around in Harry's mind, making the teen feel queasier than he was. The worse part of all this was he knew what the green glob tasted like, only Harry didn't know which was worse, the frosting or the cake, which, when it met Harry's tongue, it was all he could do to swallow. The cake itself was dry, and Harry was positive the white powder in the middle was flour that wasn't stirred in well enough. His stomach grumbled, letting Harry know that it didn't appreciate the second piece of cake Hagrid served him or the third or until Harry had realized he had eaten half of the cake. It wasn't until Harry returned to Remus and