Asking Arthur Harry Potter was nervous, extremely nervous. He paced the floor of his living room before he flooed over to the Burrow. It was Sunday, meaning the Weasley family lunch at the Burrow. Since the end of the war, Molly had insisted the family gather for lunch at the Burrow on Sunday. Over the past two years, Harry's Sundays were spent at the Burrow. He had only missed a hand full of these Sunday dinners due to illness or work. But this Sunday dinner was different. This Sunday dinner was the one when Harry asked Arthur for permission to ask Ginny to marry him. They had been happily for the last two years, since the end of the war. Harry and Ginny reconnected that afternoon just after Harry had returned to the Great Hall. He had just returned the Elder Wand to Dumbledore's tomb, where with the help of Kingsley, they repaired the marble tomb. Harry was going to go on up to Gryffindor tower when Neville told him that it was safe and hadn't been destroyed. He was about to follow Ron and Hermione when he stopped and turned left, heading into the Great Hall once more. He had completed his first task, his next task was to get Ginny and try to repair their relationship. He walked straight to the table, where the Weasleys were gathered. He was half way there when his eyes met Ginny's and she got up from the table and began to walk to him. As she got closer, her walk turned into a run, and then she jumped into his waiting arms, hugging him to her and letting tears of joy and relief flow. Harry hugged her tightly, returning the embrace, tangling his hand in her hair, inhaling the scent that he loved. When he sat her back down on the floor, they said "I love you," at the same. Laughing, they leaned in kissed like they hadn't seen each other in a long time. When they broke apart, Harry scanned the group of grinning Weasleys and finally landed on Arthur. The Weasley patriarch nodded, giving his permission. Hand in hand, Harry and Ginny walked up to Gryffindor tower. They paused only for a breath at the divided staircase. Without thinking, Harry pulled Ginny up the stairs to the boy's dorm with him. There, Ginny took charge, ordered Harry to the bathroom for a shower, healing his injuries or what she could, treating the bruises and cuts. She made sure he ate something before he let total exhaustion set in. She had got up to head to her own dorm when Harry grabbed her hand. Not wanting to be alone, Harry begged, "Stay with me." Ginny complied, laying down beside him and kissing his cheek before she fell asleep. Thus began sleeping together in the same bed, every night. At first, Molly didn't approve until she witnessed Harry comforting Ginny at night. Considering Ginny's 17th birthday was that summer and they promised not to do anything besides sleep, Molly agreed. They helped each other through the next month of funerals, memorials, helping George clean up the joke shop and the nightmares that plagued them both. Ginny helped Harry take care of Teddy, teaching him how to change nappies, feed him, burp him, and then play with him with Harry. After time went on, when Ginny saw Harry with Teddy, she thought about what a wonderful father he would make one day. Ginny was Harry's saving grace through those three months after the war. She was his biggest supporter when he decided to skip his seventh year and go straight into Auror training. Ginny, was returning to Hogwarts, if nothing, for Quidditch. She got the Captain's badge and was looking for a professional career at the end of her Hogwarts days. Ginny had stolen a few of Harry's T-shirts and slept in them. It helped soothe her to sleep, inhaling the scent of the sandalwood soup and Harry before she went to sleep. Harry had stolen a bottle of Ginny's shampoo and occasionally used it when he missed her. To help ease the strain, Harry bought a set of mirrors like the ones Sirius had and given her one. This way, they would talk at the end of every day and could "see" each other. Despite Harry's hectic schedule, he made time for Hogsmeade visits, Quidditch matches, and even took time off during Christmas and Easter break, during which he would spend all his time with Ginny. When Ginny graduated and went to try out for the Holyhead Harpies, Harry went to Wales with her and was her support during the trials and continued to support her when she started her career. Even though Ginny was often gone with the Harpies, they managed during their time apart. A few times, Harry accompanied Ginny due to Gwenog Jones's request for security on away matches and any traveling the team needed to do. Harry was permanently on the security list until Ginny's days with the Harpies were over. Now that two years had passed, Harry felt the time was right to propose. Harry knew that he wanted to marry her. He couldn't imagine his life with her. She's taken care of him when he was sick, she was there when he needed a hug or a back rub at the end of a long day and she was there to support him and love him when they lost one of their own. He looked at the clock and saw that it was eleven. "Now or never," he told himself. He walked over to the floo and picked up the floo powder. "The Burrow!" he called, disappearing in a puff of green smoke. Harry tumbled out of the floo and nearly collided with his best friend. "Harry's here!" Ron called, laughing as he helped Harry up from the floor. "Hey Ron," the raven headed man greeted. They then did one of those one arm hugs and pound each other on the back. "Hey mate, what brings you here this early?" his best mate greeted. Harry pulled Ron by the arm to a quiet corner of the sitting room. He didn't need Molly or Hermione overhearing this conversation. "Remember what I told you last week? "When you said you were going to ask Ginny to marry you?" Ron asked. "Yeah." The week before, Harry and Ron had gone out for lunch in Diagon Alley, alone with neither of the girls or other Aurors from the department. It was a rare chance for Harry and Ron to talk freely without having to code everything. The one topic off limits was work. Harry often looked at his lunch break as a break from work and refused to talk about work during lunch. Ron agreed. Instead, they talked about Quidditch, Teddy and Victoire, things happening in the family, and generally, catching each other up in their lives. They even talked to each other about life changing decisions, like the one Harry told Ron during that same lunch last week. " I'm thinking about asking Ginny to marry me," Harry blurted. Ron just stared at Harry. Realizing what Harry just said, he laughed, pulling Harry in a brotherly embrace. " Seriously?!" Ron exclaimed. He had hoped that one day Harry and Ginny would get married. The happiest he has seen Harry was when he was with Ginny, and Ginny was the happiest when she was with Harry. Harry nodded. Ron laughed and embraced Harry in another brotherly hug, muttering congratulations. " Have you got a ring yet?" Ron asked. " Yeah, I've already got a ring. I'll show it to you when we get home." Since Ginny had a late practice, they met at Harry's flat that evening to discuss the plans Harry had of asking Ginny to marry him. The first thing Harry did was show Ron the ring. He handed the box to Ron and he opened the small velvet box. Ron took a sharp intake of breath. "It's beautiful, mate," he said, softly. Harry found the ring when he explored the vault when he went to Gringotts after the war to settle any issues with the Goblins and to look in the vault. When he saw it, he could imagine it on Ginny's finger. " It's my Mum's engagement ring," Harry explained. "In the letter that came with it, Mum told me to give to the girl I could imagine spending the rest of my life with. And with Ginny, I can." " She'll love it," Ron assured had him. "When are you going to ask her?" " This weekend when we go on our date," Harry decided. "I would have done it last weekend, but Ginny had that game and I want this to be romantic. Like what she reads about in those romance books." Ron shook his head. "Hermione's the same way." Now Harry was going to ask Arthur's permission to ask Ginny to marry him. Even though, Harry knew what his answer would be, he still wanted to be proper and ask Arthur anyway. Molly entered the sitting room, having heard the floo and the whispered conversation. She was thinking it was George planning a prank during dinner, but when she saw her son and the boy she thought of as a son, she smiled. "Hello Harry, dear. How are you?" Molly greeted. Harry smiled and hugged the woman he thought of as a mother. "I'm good, I was wondering if I could have a word with Arthur?" Molly smiled knowingly. "Of course, he's in the shed, dear." She returned to the kitchen. Ron patted Harry on the back, as he headed towards the kitchen to help Molly with lunch. He stopped before his foot crossed over from the sitting room to the kitchen. "So you know mate," Ron began, and turned around. "You have my blessing. I haven't seen Ginny this happy in a very long time. I don't think I can thank you enough for that." Harry crossed the room over to where Ron was standing and engulfed his best friend in a tight embrace. The last time they had hugged this tightly was after their near death experience with some death eaters a year ago. "You're welcome." Ron patted him on the back as they broke apart. "Take of her, mate. And let her take care of you." "I will," Harry said, in almost a whisper. As Harry crossed the kitchen to the back door, he couldn't help but notice Molly looking at him and smiling, as if she knew what Harry was planning. The butterflies in Harry's stomach, increased as he approached the shed. There was a hand full of times that he was in the shed, but that didn't make this time less nerve wracking. "Arthur?" Harry called when he approached the propped open doors. The Weasley patriarch turned from the TV he was playing with and saw Harry standing at the door of the shed. Arthur was tinkering with a TV that Harry and Ginny gave them for Christmas. They were given two, one for Arthur to play with and another to watch. Harry had charmed it to work in the house just like he did with the Muggle appliances in the kitchen. "Harry, how are you?" the Weasley patriarch asked. "I'm fine." Harry swallowed thickly. " You can do this, Harry ," he thought to himself. He approached Arthur, sitting down on one of the stools. "Um, Arthur…." Harry began, but trailed off. "Everything okay, Harry?" Arthur asked. "I love your daughter," Harry stated, deciding to get it over with before he lost his nerve. "I know that Harry." Arthur turned to face the blubbering man in front of him with a smile. "I guess what I'm trying to say is," Harry paused, and took a deep breath. "I….. I want to marry your daughter." Arthur dropped the screwdriver to the workbench and turned to the boy, now