The Bet I hope I managed to keep Artemis in-character as much as I could. I'm pretty rusty in the PJO fandom (haven't been writing here for a while), so apologies if I don't get it exactly right here. Hope you enjoy! Artemis couldn't be more humiliated when she faced her brother, who was struggling not to snicker at her pathetic looking expression. She had lost to him, and worse, beaten at her own game. The Goddess of the Hunt, defeated in a hunting game by Apollo. It took all her willpower not to cover her face in embarrassment in front of her brother. "Remember the bet, Sis," Apollo folded his arms, pretending to be stern. Artemis knew that he was trying not to laugh, it only made her even more infuriated. And it wasn't like she could answer him, either. She, in her sheer confidence over her domain, had already sworn a two way bet on the Styx with Apollo. Basically, if Artemis won, Apollo would be forced to do one thing for her – but if Apollo won, it would be the opposite. The proud Huntress knew she shouldn't have done it, but with a game of hunting that she excelled in… not to mention the possibility of shutting Apollo up forever... It was all too tempting. And she lost. "Don't be stupid." Artemis bit her lip, knowing that there weren't too many options. "You swore on the Styx too. And you know I don't lie," Apollo shrugged, before he winked. "URGH!" Artemis shouted, in her frustration, thinking of ways to get out of this. "I am immortal, don't you remember?" "Well, if you don't do it, or harm me in any way, I could always share this story with the others," Apollo hummed, scratching his chin. "Imagine what Hermes would say, or worse, Father." At this, Artemis fell silent. If Apollo followed through with his threat, she wouldn't be able to face the Olympians. Gritting her teeth, she gave him a grudging nod, her blazing silver eyes peering into his blue ones. "Make it quick," Artemis clenched her teeth harder. Apollo broke a sweat, but didn't stop smiling. In fact, it had become more sinister. "You – are going to have your first date with someone of your choice." xXx Artemis wondered if she had held back enough – Apollo needed to be present in the Olympic Council, after all. The fierce Huntress knew he hardly cared though, he had faced worse against powerful monsters, and would still follow through with his threat. Settling down her moon chariot, Artemis went into the bar that her brother had "so kindly" handpicked for her, and nearly retched when she entered. The stinking smell of alcohol, and filthy men were prevalent in the air, not to mention the clouded, blank eyes set on her body – none of which made her comfortable. The goddess knew that Apollo's plan was going to fail – partly because she was probably going to turn every bloody human in the bar into a jackalope if they continued their insolence. Suddenly, she felt a force pulling her arm away. She was about to use her powers, in her rage, but stopped when she found herself looking at a familiar set of sea-green eyes. "Perseus Jackson?!" Artemis' mouth gaped, but he shushed her, before pulling her out of the bar. "What – exactly – are you doing here, Lady Artemis?" Percy looked rather puzzled. "And why aren't you in a child form?" "What are YOU doing here?!" Artemis raised her voice, surprised to see someone like Percy in a filthy place like this. "Besides, why would a child go into a bar?" "Well..." Percy shrugged in understanding. He must've been thinking that Artemis was going to kill him. Meanwhile, she pursed her lips, wondering if she could trust Percy with the bet. He was after all, one of the better men, and his breath didn't smell of alcohol. To Hades with it. Besides, if he laughed at her, she could always turn him into a lovely jackalope. "I um, had an um…" She tried to say. "What?" "I uh…" Artemis pursed her lips even more, as her discomfort started to grow. Percy raised his eyebrow, and she became even more embarrassed. She quickly shut her feelings of shame. She was a proud goddess of the Hunt, damn it! "I lost a bet with Apollo," Artemis finally got the words out. "In a hunting game." "Aren't you the goddess of the Hunt?" "Shut up!" "So…?" Percy tilted his head, a crooked smile on his face. "Could you be my first date?" Artemis said. "All the other men are horrendous, filthy. I can't stand them. And I swore on the Styx, so it's not like I could avoid it." "But aren't you immortal? Can't you like, avoid the Styx's wrath?" Percy asked again, as if wondering why she was accepting this easily. Artemis snapped, "I can't! He threatened to tell others if I don't go through with this. Do you know what this means?!" "Oh," Percy could only let out - he knew that the Olympians would never let Artemis hear the end of it. "So, can you be my first date?" the maiden goddess asked again, this time tightening her lips to show her impatience. At this, Percy's eyes started to roll back, but Artemis grabbed his hand. He looked so surprised, he wasn't actually receptive for a few moments, until Artemis started to shout at him, "Perseus!" "Uh, date, yeah, okay," Percy started to rub his temple. "Only Apollo…" There was an awkward silence between them, before Artemis finally said, "So, where do you want to go?" "Huh? We're starting now ?! Gods…" More awkward silence. xXx Percy knew that something was going to happen, but he didn't expect this . He feared for his life, but on the flipside, thought that it was a rather interesting idea to bring a maiden goddess to a date. However, it was also imperative that he survived the night. So, like all his dates that he had with Annabeth, he started by bringing Artemis to a movie. Artemis wasn't actually a bad movie-goer – depending on who she goes with, of course. In fact, she was extremely entertaining, in the sense that she was like her brother more than she actually realized. Like Apollo, she just couldn't shut up - except that instead of talking about the hot girls in the movie, she spoke, no, ranted about her hatred of men and how undervalued the female cast was. The goddess was so passionate, some other people had actually noticed – much to Percy's amusement and embarrassment. Especially when the hero saved the damsel in distress and she ranted. "Typical tool(men), only doing those deeds to get the poor girl." Or the other scene when the girl fawned over the male protagonists, and she went "What does she see in such an opportunistic idiot like him? I don't understand bimbos like her - it's absolutely disgraceful how this stupid movie portrays women." "Lady Artemis, please don't kill me for this, but you really need to relax. It's just a movie," Percy had said, when she got a little too far. She was actually considering turning the whole movie crew into jackalopes. And Artemis replied with something Percy called "maiden goddess nonsense", with all her vitriol and hatred and venom towards the men in the movie intensifying even more, not to mention her disapproval of Percy's 'support' for them. He would've found it funny, if not for all the people staring at them. However, he had noticed that she wasn't really angry. Though he wasn't going to rule out the inherent threat to his life - not to mention the poor unsuspecting movie crew - just yet. They didn't call her "fierce huntress" for no reason. After they left the movie, Percy had mixed feelings. He didn't actually mind the experience, and while the movie was terrible, Artemis herself wasn't all bad. She could be rather annoying, what with all her hatred of men but she was overall rather courteous, and actually quite easy to talk to – though it was clear that she was forcing herself at some points. But, it had stirred up old feelings. After all, it had been just a year since he had separated from Annabeth. The Son of Poseidon could see Artemis raising an eyebrow towards him, and he knew that she had saw right through him, but she did not comment. However, he had an obligation to fulfil. It was Artemis' first date - might as well give her a good time, man-hater or not. At times, he couldn't help but curse his subconscious. "Are you coming?" Percy asked, and Artemis followed quietly. Percy had to lose count of how many times he had to try to convince Artemis from turning a curious passer-by into a jackalope. It was a rather populated street, with the normal chatter and the grey surroundings, with the roads, buildings, pavements, and people just walking by. Artemis of course, being the goddess that she is, literally and figuratively, stood out. Her auburn hair shone in the sunlight, it's wavy strands riding the wind, while her pale face was the epitome of natural beauty – regal high cheekbones, and well-defined eyebrows, with rosy, red lips. She was wearing a sleeveless t-shirt that day, which showcased her toned shoulders, and wore tight jeans that displayed her defined, curves. Needless to say, her stunning appearance didn't exactly help, and Percy had to refrain from praying to the gods – it would probably be bad if Aphrodite caught wind of a date between Artemis and him. "So, what were you doing in the bar?" Artemis asked. "It's not like you to wander in a place like that." "It's an old habit," Percy shrugged. "Weren't you with…" Artemis started to say, before stopping herself when Percy winced. "Sorry." "It's nothing – we've moved on from it," Percy smiled. "She and I are still on good terms. So, what brought you here?" "Like I said before, I lost a bet with Apollo, and swore on the Styx to do any of his bidding if I lost," Artemis said as-a-matter-of-factly, as if Percy was stupid. Naturally, Percy was annoyed, but didn't show it. Instead, he shook his head and said, "And why did you agree to it? You know Apollo won't make such a deal so easily." "Well…" "You got cocky, didn't you?" Percy started to laugh, much to Artemis' ire. However, all she did was purse her lips, as if she was doing all she could to not snap at the loose-tongued demigod. Of course, all he did was to laugh, which made it all the more infuriating for her. "Shall I turn you into a jackalope?" Artemis folded her arms, and Percy bit his lip. "Well, nope," Percy waved his hand nonchalantly, much to the goddess' surprise. "Why not?" "Why exactly would I want to turn into an animal?" Percy tilted his head. Suddenly, Artemis let out a giggle. It was a strange sound, especially coming from a crazy manh- "I can hear you," Artemis' tone was stern. Percy shook his head at her, but did not comment. He did however, observe the glow in her silver eyes. It glowed all the time, and it was stunningly beautiful as always, yes, but there was a different charm to it here. He dare-thought that it was almost an endearing look, and winced at the possibility that Artemis was listening, again. Which she probably wasn't, judging from the lack of reaction. Perhaps the date wouldn't be so bad after all. "What are you smiling about?" Artemis snapped, and Percy laughed. If the demigod had looked closer, he would have seen the faint blush on her cheeks. xXx "Annabeth was right," Artemis said. "You are a Seaweed Brain." "Well, you can't blame me for the restaurant being