Chapter One Deep in the meadow, under the willow, a bed of grass, a soft green pillow . The song goes in and out of my head as I drifted in out of dreamland. My alarm went off, but I just wanted to sleep. Nothing could stop me. "Wake up Katniss!" Exclaimed a cheerful voice. I opened my eyes and saw my sister Prim sitting on the side of my bed already dressed. "What time is it?" I mumbled. "It's seven, and it's the first day of school!" Said Prim now pulling the sheets off my body. Grumbling, I got out of bed, bathed in a fresh tub of water and got dressed in one of the best clothes I had. Prim came in again as I was packing my school uniform. "I wish I was going to the same school as you. I'm gonna miss you" I gave my sister a hug. "You say that every year little duck. And, I promise you that I will write to you every day." Prim smiled. "You say that every year. And I still have the letters from last year. I remember the first few letters you kept saying that you were nervous going to a new school." "Well, you are twelve, just two more years until you join me at Panem Academy. Besides, mom made an effort to enroll you that elementary school near the academy." I said. "Just let me pack a few more things and I'll be down for breakfast." When Prim left, I packed my school uniform which was a white shirt with the Capitol logo sewn on the left side, a mahogany cardigan with the Capitol logo, a royal blue tie, a royal blue skirt. And finally, knee high white socks. I as happy that they let us wear our own running shoes as long they are in appropriate school colors. When I finished packing my school uniform, I grabbed my Communicator Pod and saw a text from one of my friends from school: Johanna Mason. Geez, can't school start in the afternoon? I had barely enough time to dye my hair. I rolled my eyes, Johanna always dyes her hair, last year, it was dark brown. I wonder what it'll be this time. I texted back: Why did u dye ur hair today? Why not yesterday? My Communicator Pod vibrated with a text but it wasn't from Johanna, instead, it was one of my best friends, Peeta Mellark. Yay, school, I'm totally excited. What about u? I'm not excited but my sister is totally the opposite. Just when I finished, Johanna answered back. I was packing. Not wanting to ask why she packed yesterday and not today, I went downstairs for breakfast. "Are you excited for your first day of school?" Asked my mom. I nodded and served myself a bowl of porridge. "Yeah, I guess." "How about you?" Asked my mom to Prim who was eating as fast as she can. "I can't wait; I hope I get to see Rue. She said she was enrolled." Rue was one of my sister's friends. Both of them met last year and are completely inseparable. I finished my porridge and put the dishes. "I'm going to do some more packing," I said. My mom looked at the clock, "don't be long, we have to be at the train station at eight-fifteen." I went upstairs and checked my Communicator Pod and saw a few more messages. Hey Catnip, does ur family need a lift to the station? My old friend and hunting partner Gale usually gives me and my family a lift to the train station. I texted back: Yes, please, see u at eight? I scrolled through more messages and saw one from Peeta saying that he lost his uniform tie and another one saying that he found it under his bed. The last one was from the one girl that has made me popular at school: Glimmer Loughlin Are all of you excited for the first day of school or what?! :D I laughed. Glimmer was always positive. Before I replied, someone else answered Glimmer. Can it Glimmer. Some of us are trying to forget that today is the first day of school. That was from Clove Stonewell. She may seem cranky, but she is really the life of the party once you get to know her. She has one younger sister named Esther who is in the same year as my sister. Clove hangs out with my friends and me, and is extremely popular and was captain of the fencing team last year. She hated me when I first met her. Then, she disliked me and now she appreciates me. That's probably as far as our friendship will go, but I'm not complaining. I texted back: Sorry Glim, not a lot of us likes the first day of school. But I can't wait to see u at the dorms. Glimmer answered back with a happy face. At eight o'clock, I went downstairs to where my mom and Prim were waiting. I sighed. "Can't wait to get back next summer." All three of us went outside and were greeted by Gale and Peeta who honked a Peacekeeper's horn. "Nice having the Capitol let us rent this truck," Gale called. I laughed and got in the passenger seat next to him. "How did you get this truck?" I asked. "Had to sell a week's worth of game for it." He said. In the review mirror, I could almost see my mother frown. Gale drove to the train station which was a large silver bullet train marked Panem Academy in bold letters on the side. My mom hugged Prim and me with tears in her eyes and even hugged Gale and Peeta to which they hugged her back. All four of us went on the train and before we knew it, we were speeding off at 200 miles an hour to the Capitol. The train will make stops at each District to pick up students to the academy. The trip to District 11 was only about 20 minutes long and nobody spoke. Both Peeta I was busy playing some game on our Communicator Pods, Gale was stuffing his face at the buffet table and Prim was looking out the window. Once we arrived at District 11, Prim started to drum her fingers on the windowsill impatiently. For a while, it was quiet, then, the train compartment opened and Thresh entered, nodding to Prim and I and fist bumping Gale and Peeta. All three are a year ahead of me. They were in their fourth year while I was in my third year. Again, it was quiet, then the train compartment door opened again and a small little girl who looked like Prim's age walked in. She looked shy but once she saw Prim, she made a little squeal. "Prim!" Prim jumped up. "Rue!" The two girls hugged and both sat down on some couches nearby talking rapidly. The train kept on going and made stops on the way to each District. Ten, nine, eight, I counted in my head waiting until we reached District 7. The train compartment was getting more crowded with people I only recognized from school. Once we reached District 7, I waited for Johanna to arrive but when all the students from District 7 came aboard which included one of the girls I roomed with last year, her name was Autumn Lockwood and she had hazel colored hair in a braided ponytail. She smiled at me went almost immediately to the District train compartments. When the train compartment door closed, I started to worry if something happened to Johanna. The main entrance to the train closed, but not before I heard someone yell "Stop!" Chapter Two The train compartment opened and Johanna burst inside. She was panting but she strode confidently and sat in the seat next to me. "Who the heck is the stupid conductor on this train? I almost missed it." "Hey Jo," I said, "Nice hair." Johanna had dyed her hair jet black and had little pink extensions attached. "Thanks, it took longer than I thought." Said Johanna putting down her luggage. Gale sat down in a chair next to us with a plate covered with Capitol gourmet food. "Hey Johanna, like the hair." But since his mouth was full, it sounded more like "Hey, Jofanna, like the fair." I couldn't help but smile, which turned into a laugh when Peeta swooped in behind Gale and took a handful of food off his plate. Peeta was about to sit in the chair next to me, when Thresh called him over. "Yo, Peeta, let's see who's stronger." Peeta took off his jacket and cracked his knuckles. "You're on." Johanna must've seen me stare at Peeta, because she asked, "So, are you two an item now?" I laughed, "No, we're just friends." "Damn, I was hoping that you two would start dating during the summer break." Said Johanna. I rolled my eyes. What a silly thought. After leaving District 6, we arrived at District 5, but nobody was paying attention because everyone was watching Thresh and Peeta doing another arm wrestling match. Peeta slammed Thresh's arm on the table and wiped sweat off his forehead. "How do you do that?" Asked Thresh. "We did three arm wrestling matches and you won two of them!" Peeta shrugged. "I guess lifting 100 pound sacks of flour really pays off." "Dude, next time, bring a sack of flour next time." Said Thresh. "I want to try it." I looked at the students of District 5, most of them I recognized from school except, I noticed a new girl. The girl had red hair and looked a little bit like a fox, but I didn't get a good look at her because she scurried towards her District train compartment as fast as she could. After about ten minutes, the train arrived at District 4. I could almost smell the sea water. The train compartment opened and two of my friends entered. One was a girl named Annie Cresta, she roomed with me last year and along with Glimmer, is known as "Miss Positive". Annie saw me and ran over to hug me and then hugged Johanna, who reluctantly hugged back. Behind Annie, was Finnick Odair, he was a champion swimmer and he and Annie were currently dating. Finnick nodded at us girls and left to join the boys. "Soo, what's new?" Asked Annie. Johanna cleared her throat. "Oh, you dyed your hair!' Exclaimed Annie. Johanna smiled. "Took you long enough." "Black and pink." Said Annie, "good combination." "I see you and Finnick are still a couple." I said. Annie nodded. "Yeah, we practically see each other everyday during the summer break. How about you and Peeta?" I shook my head. "We're just friends. Nothing more." "We'll see." Said Annie grinning. After we left District 3, there were only two more districts to go until we reach the Capitol. "Do you think that Cato and Clove are a couple now?" Asked Annie. "They better be," Said Johanna. "Clove was flirting with him so much that she might as well died from flirting." I was shocked. Clove didn't seem to be the type of girl who would be interested with a guy. "Wait, Clove flirted with Cato?" Johanna looked at me. "You didn't notice?" I snorted. "Clove avoided me for like six months." "Well, if Clove isn't dating Cato, I'll probably die with shock." Said Annie. "Why is it your mission to get everyone to date their crush?" Asked Johanna. "It's sounds weird." Annie shrugged, "It's not my mission, I just like couples being happy like me and Finnick." After just mentioning his name, I heard a bunch of boys supporting Finnick, who just challenge Peeta to an arm wrestling match. The train stopped at the station of District 2, and Annie, Johanna and I looked out the window.