This is just a fanfiction, I don't own twilight or any of the characters this is back from when it was just Edward and Carlisle, before the rest of the family, and Bella. —- Since I came here to live with Carlisle years ago, he has always always told me to stay away from La Push, he said we aren't welcome there, I don't know much about it, I know it is a Native American reservation close by. I don't really understand why we can't go there though, all of my friends always go to Lu Push, and nothing bad ever happens to them. they love it there, and I always have to tell them that I can't, and make up excuses, but we didn't have school today, and Carlisle worked all day long until like 7pm tonight. so he suggested that I go hangout with some friends so that I wouldn't have to sit around the house bored all day.. but this morning they invited me to go, and I really wanted too. I've never really disobeyed Carlisle before, but he is so kind and soft hearted though, I know that he would forgive me, and he probably won't even find out. he knew that I'm going to hangout with friends today, and he trusts me.. I just got dropped off at the house, we hung out in La Push all day, a group of guys were really rude to me, but my friends took care of it. and we honestly did have a good time. I went inside and went and played my piano. Carlisle bought me a grand piano last year, and it made me so happy, it was the best thing that anyone has ever done for me. I often get lost in the music, especially when I'm home alone. Carlisle: " Edward Anthony Masen Cullen! " He suddenly shouted.. I jumped and my heart dropped, He has never ever yelled at me before… I stood up as he walked into the livingroom. " Where were you today? " he demanded Edward: " um… you told me that I could go hangout with friends today " I said backing up a little as he was walking towards me with his arms crossed. he looks so angry.. I've never seen him like this before. Carlisle: " where did you go? " he said stopping right in front of me.. I noticed he was blocking his thoughts from me.. how is he doing that? Edward: " um.. I don't know we just hung out, and went to the beach and stuff.. are you okay? you seem.. so mad " Carlisle: " which beach? " Edward: " the beach you took me to last weekend " I lied.. He narrowed his eyes at me. does he know? there's no way he could know! " What? " I asked confused.. Carlisle: " La Push " He said quietly.. My eyes widened for a second.. I shook my head Edward: " I didn't go to La Push! " I said a little too urgently.. He took a step closer, and I tried to step back but I was up against a wall.. my hands were shaking.. He can't know! there's no way!… I was so careful, and he doesn't even know those friends, and we didn't see anyone at all. Carlisle: " you're already in soo much trouble son, are you sure you want to lie to me? ".. I felt a little guilty.. but now I'm too scared to tell him. Edward: " I wasn't in La Push.. " I said softly.. looking down. he grabbed my wrist and I jumped Carlisle: " I know you were in La Push Edward, I am so disappointed in you. you are in big trouble. Go to my office and sit down, I'll be up there in a minute " Edward: " But.. Carlisle. I didn't " I saw his eye color change to Dark black and his grip on my wrist tightened painfully and I gasped. Carlisle: " Go. Upstairs " He growled out, my eyes widened and he let go of my wrist and I was afraid to move… " NOW! " he shouted! I ran upstairs.. I hadn't thought about the possibility of him hurting me.. he could kill me.. he is my coven leader, I'm supposed to obey him completely. he owns me, he saved me, and he made me who I am. he could destroy me.. He has always been so kind and gentle.. but I've never disobeyed him. He must hate me. I walked into his office and sat down for a few minutes. my whole body is shaking.. what is he going to do to me?.. I stood up and walked to the window, and opened it up and started crawling out when a arm wrapped around my waist and pulled me back in.. " You Do not run off on me " He said sternly.. leading me back over to my seat. Edward: " I'm sorry" I said nervously.. he walked around his desk and sat down.. Carlisle: " why did you try to run off? You knew I could hear you leave " Edward: " because I'm s-scared.. " I said softly.. He frowned.. Carlisle: " Edward, you've always been such a good boy, what is going on with you? You've disobeyed me and went to La Push, I know that I've made it clear to you that we are not welcome there.. and then you lied to me, MORE THAN ONCE! and then you try to take off on me! what in the world has gotten into you? " Edward: " I'm so sorry.. just give me another chance! don't kill me! " I said starting to cry.. his mind that he has been blocking from me opened for a second ' why would he think that I would kill him? I love him more than my own life ' he thought… Carlisle: " Son, I would never kill you.. what makes you even think that? I'm upset with you, and disappointed in you, and shocked by your behavior, but nothing you could ever do will ever deserve to killed son. " I bit my lip and looked down.. Edward: " you're my Coven leader, and I know that you are my creator, and I know how other covens work.. " Carlisle: " Edward, look at me " I looked up at him, and he smiled " we are a family.. I'm your father! and I love you more then I have ever loved anyone " Edward: " I love you too Carlisle " Carlisle: " now, I would like to know why you went to Lu Push, I've told you a million times to not go there, you disobeyed a direct order from me " I looked down.. Edward: " I just didn't think it was that big of a deal.. everyone was fine " I said looking back up at him. Carlisle: " La Push is home to the werewolves Edward.. we aren't welcome there ".. Edward: " I have hunted bear before dad, I can handle a little wolf " Carlisle: " Edward, you are so young and innocent. don't you realize that there's other dangers out there? besides us? " I shrugged.. Edward: " I don't know.. there wasn't anything dangerous there, you're freaking out over nothing " he sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose… Carlisle: " Edward. they aren't wolves like you are thinking. they are dangerous, strong.. They hunt Vampires " my eyes widened.. Edward: " I didn't know.. " Carlisle: " there's a LOT that you don't know Edward, when I tell you not to do something, you have to trust that I'm telling you no for a reason " Edward: " I'm sorry.. I won't go there again " Carlisle: " Edward, I made a treaty with the native americans that live there, we can live here in peace, as long as we stay off of their land. this is serious, you can Never go to La Push, it's very important, if you do it again, we will have to leave. do you understand ?" Edward: " yes sir. I understand, I promise that I will never go to La Push again " Carlisle: " and Edward, I never want you to lie to me again, lying to me will ALWAYS make it worse, you can always tell me the truth, no matter how bad it is. and because you lied to me, you are grounded for a month, No going out with your friends, you go to school, and then come straight home and that's it " Edward: "grounded? that's it?" He smiled.. Carlisle: " afraid not son, you disobeyed me, you are grounded for a month just for lying to me. next time I catch you lying to me, it will be worse. and for disobeying me and going to La Push… " He sighed.. " I'm going to tan your hide " I glared at him, confused.. Edward: " what does that mean? " he chuckled.. Carlisle: " I'm going to spank you Edward" I gasped Edward: " Are you serious? " Carlisle: " yes, I'm serious son" my mind started racing Edward: " no! you can't do that to me! " Carlisle: " Edward, have you ever been spanked before? " this is the most embarrassing conversation I have ever had.. I looked down, way too embarrassed to look at him.. " Answer me Edward " Edward: " no " I lied.. Carlisle: " Edward, are you sure, it wasn't uncommon back then for children to get punished in that way.. tell me the truth please Edward " Edward: " when I was little " I mumbled Carlisle: " how little? " Edward: " I was like 5 or 6.. my human family didn't punish me like that, I did get it once though, for getting into stuff on the counter, and a bunch of knives fell down, and almost killed me.. My mother freaked out, and she started hitting me with a spoon. I was so shocked that she could be so mean " Carlisle: " did you ever do that again? " Edward: " no way. I never touched any of my mother's stuff ever again " Carlisle: " Sometimes parents discipline their children because they love them so much, and they want them to be safe and really learn from their mistakes, so that they won't ever do it again " Edward: " but I'm not a child anymore.. " I said awkwardly Carlisle: " unfortunately for you Edward, you are stuck in this teenage body, you will always be a child.. and I'll be there to help you learn " Edward: " Sir.. please don't punish me like that, I'm too old for that " Carlisle: " I've already made my decision son" Edward: " please dad! " ' He called me dad? he has never said that to me before! ' I heard him think… I could practically feel his joy… I knew I knew I could crack him. I stood up and walked over and sat on my knees in front of him and grabbed his hands and looked up at him " please dad? please don't punish me like that! daddy, I promise I will never do it again! " suddenly his mind was blocked from me again. Carlisle: " Edward, stop manipulating me. I've been wanting you to call me that for years, but I will not be manipulated! you are getting a spanking !" he grabbed my arms and pulled me up Edward: " I'm sorry! " I gasped as he pulled me over his lap. I reached down and placed my hands on the floor to steady myself… and within seconds my pants and underwear were around my ankles.. bear? " NO! " this is absolutely mortifying SMACK! whoa…