Percy ducked under a giant's sword. He rolled under its legs and stabbed it through the back, stepping away before he could be covered in monster dust. Percy turned around to find his next opponent, but had looked to see Nico fighting a giant. That was when it happened. As Nico was raising his sword to deliver another blow, the giant's sword rammed through the demigod's body. It was as if time had stopped. Almost in slow motion, Percy watched as Nico's sword fell from his hand, clattering to the ground. Nico's eyes were wide with fear and his mouth was open slightly, choking. Percy could see pain and shock written all over his face. The giant yanked his sword from Nico's gut, making his body jerk, and Percy snapped into action. "NO! " The giant turned and stomped away, but Percy didn't go after it. He ran to Nico's side just as the younger boy's knees buckled, and Percy caught him before he could fall. Nico's face was already turning pale; his eyes were still wide though his body had barely registered what had happened yet. He was choking, breathing – more like wheezing – as if his throat had closed. "Nico," Percy muttered, breathing heavily with shock and terror. "N-Nico, no-" Nico opened his mouth as if to say something, but no sound came out and Percy didn't dare wait any longer. The son of Hades grunted as Percy scooped him up easily and started running. "Uhn, P-Percy…" Nico's head was hanging, pain written all over his face. He cried out as he was jostled around in Percy's arms as he ran. He had one arm draped limply around Percy's shoulders and the other around himself, clutching at his stomach. Blood was covering the front of his shirt and spreading fast. Percy could already feel the blood soaking through to his own shirt. "Shut up," Percy snapped, starting to panic. "Y-you're gonna be fine." But Percy was trying to convince himself more than Nico, as the younger boy was now trembling furiously, shivering in Percy's arms. Percy finally caught sight of Piper and ran over to her. The girl gasped when she saw the wounded boy, but Percy interrupted her, already starting to put Nico down. "Get him somewhere safe," Percy ordered, and Piper nodded, helping transfer the injured boy from Percy's arms to hers. Piper pulled Nico's arm around her shoulders, wrapping her other around his body, making the boy groan. Percy was pained and torn. He didn't want to just leave Nico like that, he wanted to stay and make sure he was okay. But he knew that he was in good hands, and Percy was needed in the battle. The son of Poseidon locked eyes with Piper, who nodded and started helping Nico off. Percy hesitated before he ran back into the fight. Percy fought like a whirlwind, just taking down everything in his path. The anger from Nico's injury gave him extra strength, so he was even stronger than usual. But once he saw the chance, he backed out and ran towards the safe house Piper had found. Along the way, Annabeth caught sight of him and ran over. As soon as she saw the blood on his shirt, her face changed to horror. "Percy-" "It's not mine," he told her, voice strained. She still looked worried, but didn't press him. She could tell he wouldn't respond either way. She followed him as he walked quickly to the safe house, bursting through the doors. Piper looked up as he came in. She was kneeling over Nico, who was propped up against the wall. His head was hanging and Percy couldn't tell if he was still conscious or not. Piper was holding a bloody rag to the wound on his stomach, speaking to him quietly, though he didn't seem to be hearing her. When she moved her hand away as she stood up Nico made a pained meep of a noise. "Nico," Percy ran to his side. He gently lifted the boy's head, brushing his hair out of his face. Nico's face was sickly pale, his eyes drooping. He was more wheezing than breathing properly, breaths thick and strained. "Gods Nico," Percy breathed, fear and guilt paining him. He looked to the wound, which was barely visible through all the blood that had soaked through his shirt. Percy was surprised he was still conscious, much less alive. But he wasn't complaining. He put a hand over the wound, cringing as Nico gasped and grasped at his hand. "P-Percy-" "Shh, it's okay," Percy said quietly. "Just - just listen to me. You're going to be okay. I promise. You're not dying on me, okay?" Nico took a few shaky breaths before smirking weakly. "An oath to keep with a final breath," he whispered. If he weren't already dying, Percy probably would've smacked him. "Shut up!" he snapped. "No one's dying, especially not you. I won't let you." "Unless you're gonna drag me from the underworld-" "Nico stop it," Percy said sternly. "Don't talk like that. You'll be okay. Don't worry." "I'm not the one worrying here, Jackson," Nico breathed, leaning his head back against the wall. Whether it was because he couldn't hold himself up anymore or was just getting annoyed by Percy, he wasn't sure. He'd noticed that Jason and Leo had come in, but didn't say anything. Piper was hugging Jason, crying quietly but he turned her away so she wouldn't have to look. Leo had his arms crossed and was standing uncomfortably by the door as he watched the scene before him. Jason spoke up nervously, feeling bad for interrupting. "Perce, we need you. Things are getting bad, fast, and you're the only one that can help now that Nico...can't," Jason said the last part unsurely and nervously. He swallowed and looked away. Percy grit his teeth and forced himself to take a deep breath before starting to stand. Before he could, though, Nico grasped a weak hold onto his shirt to keep him from leaving. "Wait, Percy," he forced out, and the son of Poseidon immediately complied, kneeling back next to him, but Nico didn't let go. "If I'm still here, e-even if I'm not, just...come back to me, okay, Jackson?" Nico's eyes were so hopeless, so desperate Percy could tell he needed at least one last thing to cling to. Percy took Nico's hand that was clutching the front of his shirt and held it in his own. He nodded, tears filling his eyes. "I'll come back to you," he told Nico. "I promise." Nico nodded slightly, and Percy could see the weight lifted off of him. He let his hand fall to his side, smiling slightly. Annabeth put a hand on Percy's shoulder, who hesitated before standing. "I-" he stopped himself before turning to Jason. "We can't just leave him!" "I-I can stay with him," Leo volunteered nervously before an argument could break out. "You guys don't really need me anyways, I won't be much help fighting. I can stay with him a-and make sure he's okay." Percy hesitated before nodding. "Okay, that - that's good, thank you," he said sincerely, and Leo nodded, looking away from the pained look in Percy's eyes. The son of Poseidon sighed and glanced back at Nico. He frowned. "Nico," he said suddenly, rushing back to his side. The boy's eyes had closed and his head was starting to loll. Percy shook him, not trying to be gentle at all. "Nico open your eyes. Come on, wake up!" Nico winced and blinked his eyes open slightly. Percy looked to Leo again, keeping a hand on the other's shoulder. "Just...keep him awake, okay?" he looked so scared it was all Leo could do to nod. He took the rag from Piper and plopped down next to Nico. "Hey man," he said, trying to sound cheerful. "We're gonna hang out for a bit, hope that's cool." Nico didn't respond; he just looked tiredly at Percy. "I'll see you soon," the older boy promised. Nico watched as he stood up and walked over to Annabeth, who put a hand on his shoulder, glancing back at the two boys before leading Percy out. Jason followed, leaving Leo and Nico together. "So," Leo said, unsure of what to say. He'd never really talked to Nico, so he didn't know what to say in a normal circumstance, much less while he was dying. He didn't think he was the best person to stay and watch over a dying kid, but the others were needed, so he'd just have to do his best. "Uh, Jason told me you used to play that card game," he started nervously. "Mythomagic, right?" Nico didn't respond. Leo tried not to think much of it; he wouldn't be feeling very talkative if he were dying too. Gods, Nico must be in a lot of pain right now, Leo realized. He cringed slightly. "I've got some jokes if you want," Leo tried again. When he still didn't get an answer, he decided to go ahead. "Okay so what do you call a-" "Leo," Nico whispered, voice raspy as he interrupted what would probably be a lame joke. Leo immediately shut up, looking down at the younger boy with slight surprise. Nico spoke again before he could say anything. "I...I could always see through your mask," is all he said, but Leo understood. A deathbed confession. He flinched and his heart pounded a bit. He swallowed. "W-what do you-" "You always looked sad...when you thought no one was looking," Nico told him quietly, "But I was looking." Leo looked at the boy with pain in his eyes. He hesitated before speaking. "I-I was too much of a wimp to talk to you," he confessed. "You came from Tartarus..." Nico flinched at the word but Leo continued. "I thought I'd just make things worse for you. I have a tendency to do that." Nico just shook his head. He didn't respond immediately, having to take a minute to gather his strength again to speak. His mind had wandered to Tartarus and without thinking first Leo ran a hand through his hair to snap him out of it. He looked as surprised as Nico did when he realized what he'd done, and quickly pulled his hand back, mumbling an apology. Nico hesitated before he finally answered. "I-I needed someone," he croaked, it taking more and more effort to speak. Leo could feel him getting weaker and as he did, he became more and more scared. He sniffed as Nico continued, "Percy and Annabeth...I was alone." "I was too, if it makes you feel any better," Leo put in weakly, forcing a small laugh. "I mean, obviously I didn't go through Tartarus or anything, but the others - they didn't - they don't need me. To them...I'm just their repair boy. I fix things and build things and they just expect it to be there, what they need, when they need it. I - I built a freaking flying ship in a couple of weeks and all I got was a 'cool, took you long enough.'" Leo sighed. He jumped slightly when he felt Nico's head fall to his shoulder and a jolt of panic flashed through his chest. "N-Nico?" he asked, looking down at him. His eyes were still open but they didn't seem to be seeing anything. But Leo could tell he was still alive because his tiny chest shuddered every time he breathed in. Leo could feel him shivering, his naturally cold body now freezing to the touch. He hesitantly wrapped an arm around Nico's shoulders, feeling him shiver as he unconsciously leaned into Leo's warm touch. He closed his eyes for a minute, soaking in the older boy's warmth before he opened his eyes again and took a breath. "Well, if it means anything to you, your ship is cool as hell," Nico whispered with a slight