Pick a Pic Challenge 2012 Banner# 49 by VeeInWonderland First Place Winner in Public Vote To see all entries for this contest, please visit (pickapic).(twificpics).com S. Meyer owns Twilight Thanks to everyone for voting! I will be continuing this story but it is a definite work in progress. So be sure to add it to your alerts that way you won't miss when I do update! Squishy Rob hugs to my amazing beta and friend, Midnight Cougar. I love you and couldn't do any of this without your love and support! The One Shot Yes! We're finally in the groove. The bass is kicking, the guitar licks are perfect and the lead vocals have exactly the right amount of pizzazz. Yeah, I used pizzazz, sue me. This album is gonna be frickin' epic, so I think I'm allowed to use whatever lingo I want. "That's a wrap, Rose," I tell her through the headset. "You nailed it that time." I can see her eyes shining on the other side of the glass. We've been at this shit for hours, way longer than I ever intended to be. But it's always, well almost always, worth it in the end. I make sure of that. Especially with someone like Rosalie Hale. Rose is an artist quickly rising to the top of the charts. Her vocals are aggressive and she has quite a wide range as well. She starts off low and seductive and then hits a powerful high note in the same lyrical line. Rose is changing the Pop genre, one song at a time. I always make sure her final cut is better than the best. "Thanks, Edward," Rose says smiling from ear to ear and sashaying her hips from side to side as she walks into the control room. She always has a bit more swish in her step when she wraps. "All we have left is the background vocals, yeah?" "Yep, we'll start those on Monday. Now get out of here and enjoy your weekend. You deserve it." "You're right, I do deserve it. I'm actually on my way to a dinner party this evening, really looking forward to a night out relaxing with friends," Rose responds. "Later Edward!" She squeezes me tight, her pert tits practically falling out of her wife beater, and then she plants a semi wet kiss on my cheek. Rose likes to be comfortable in the studio. As she turns to walk out the door, I get a vision of her round, firm ass hanging out of her teeny jean shorts. Ah, the perks of the job. I lean back and enjoy the view. What? I'm always professional, but I am a man after all. Normally, you wouldn't see a guy like me behind the board. Not that I'm not the musical type, exactly the opposite. I am a huge music lover; it's just that usually the owner of the studio isn't the one calling the shots in the control room. But how else am I going to guarantee what goes out with the EMC label? Maybe, I'm just a bit controlling. Nah, I'm a perfectionist. That's what it is. I built EMC Recording Studio from the ground up about five years ago. Yeah, that stands for Edward Masen Cullen. I promise I'm not pretentious either; I just lack creativity in the marketing of myself. And apparently, the best way to sell yourself is to have your name out there; in big, bold letters, emblazoned on the front of your building. So I stuck with my initials instead. I called it a compromise. Anyways, EMC took off pretty fast. Much faster than I'd anticipated, but being in the heart of LA, otherwise known as the music industry, helped tremendously. I now have all kinds of fairly big artists on my label, and some up and coming artists as well. I have a soft spot for kids trying to follow their dreams. But I make them work for it. No one gets off easy in my studio. Like I said before, it's my name that's on the label too. After a day of painstakingly finding the right balance of treble and bass, forte and mezzo-forte, and making sure Rose popped her "p's", I'm ready to grab a beer and veg out in front of the TV. I'm already going through my mental list of movie options when I glance at the clock and it hits me like a ton of bricks. "Shit!" I spit out. Alice is going to kill me. It's after 7 o'clock and I'm supposed to be at her birthday dinner in less than an hour. With a gift. Which I do not have. It's one thing to show up late for a family birthday dinner. It's another thing all together when the birthday girl is Alice Cullen. My little sis is the event organizer of the century. Her perky attitude and over exuberant demeanor keeps all of us on our toes. Yes, she gets excited about just about anything. But disappoint her and that smile turns into the poutiest lips you'll ever see. And I don't want to see that on her special day. Needless to say, when she was little she got everything her little heart desired. So for her birthday, she always makes sure everything is perfect, right down to the very last detail. Except, her brother showing up on time. That she has no control over, even though she tries her hardest. Although, I'm sure she knows I'll be late. Alice and every other member of my family, all know how I lose track of time inside the studio. I grab my phone off the counter and glance at it. One missed text. I hope you are on your way, big bro. In fact, I know you are. Fuck. That was a half hour ago. One quick glance in the mirror on my way out reveals the stress of my day. My copper hair is sticking out at all ends. The result of my hands constantly pulling at it during the recording session. It isn't unusual but there's nothing I can do about it now. It takes a lot of time and gel to get that bad boy under control. It's going to have to do. At least I have on a button down shirt and my nice jeans. Sure, the sleeves are rolled up to my elbows but that's considered sexy, right? Who am I kidding? I'm going to a family dinner. There's no need to be sexy. Just on time. And with a present. Ugh. I'm never gonna make it. I run out onto the sidewalk and stop cold. What the hell am I gonna get Alice at this short notice? It's going to have to be something nearby. I look up and down the street racking my brain. I have no idea what's around here. Maybe I should spend more time stopping to smell the friggin' roses around my studio, or some other shit like that. I start to fist my hair with my hands in frustration yet again. There has to be something around here that I can make do with. My eyes blink at the brightness of the sun, trying to adjust. I always feel like a mole coming out into the light when I leave the studio. That's when I see it. The building practically sparkles in the sunlight. There's my saving grace, just a few shops away. I can't help but let out a laugh when I see the name: "Sparkles Cupcakes" How appropriate, I think. This is perfect for Alice. I glance at my Chanel watch, yep, another perk of the job, and cringe. This extra stop is going to make me cut it close. I take off at a sprint and hope to god that the place is still open on a Friday night. I slow my steps as I near the darkened building. There are a few lights on in the display cases and that's it. The place is closed. Shit. I stand there gaping at the window trying to think of my options. Arriving without a present? Not an option. I want to leave the party with my balls intact, thank you very much. Alice may be little but she's like a pit bull when she's upset. There is no other option. My hands are pressed to the glass door willing it open. It isn't working. I let my head hit the glass in defeat and proceed to bang my head against it repeatedly. Hoping for some sort of idea to be jolted around in that thing I call a brain. Think, Cullen. Think. It isn't the light tapping that makes me aware of her presence, it's just a feeling. I stop with the head banging and look slightly to my left. There she is…my angel, my saving grace, the girl that is going to get me through this night, balls intact. She motions for me to move my head off of the door and unlocks it with a key she pulls from her apron pocket. "I'm sorry sir, we closed at 7 o'clock," she says politely. "We open tomorrow at 8am if you'd like to come back then." My face falls at the news. She's going to have to help me. I have to make her understand how much I need her. "But it's my sister's birthday and I forgot to buy her a gift, and I just got off of work and ran down the street here hoping that you could help me," I ramble through quickly, hoping against hope. "I just need a few cupcakes, nothing special." I continue gazing at her imploringly, ready to use an Alice-type pout if necessary. Hey, I'm desperate, don't judge. "Nothing special?" she quips back. "Well, in that case, there's a supermarket down the road. I'm sure you can find something there to suffice." And then she starts to close the glass door on my face. Fuck. This is not going according to plan at all. Alice will not settle for supermarket cupcakes. "No, I didn't mean that. Shit!" I almost yell at her and stop the door from closing with my foot. I am getting near the end of my rope for this damn present. Alice better be grateful. "I just wanted you to know that I can pick out something you already have made. You won't need to go to any extra effort for me. Please!" I almost beg. "I'll even pay double!" Cupcake Girl sighs, "Well, I can't turn down a paying customer. Especially one that will pay double for no effort. Come on in." "Thank you so much, you won't regret this," I practically gush as I cross over the doorway and hear the chiming of the bell that alerts new customers. The place is wall to wall pink inside. It looks like it was hosed down with Pepto-Bismol. There's more pink than Barbie's Dream House in here. The only thing not making me gag is the various sizes of black polka dots throughout the walls. And, what a surprise! They sparkle like a princess's tiara. Seriously, I've got a sister, I know. I follow Cupcake Girl over to the display case and take a moment to enjoy the other scenery inside. The moving, full of life scenery and it's a much better view. Cupcake Girl's wearing this tight ass, red and black sparkly dress. Speaking of tight ass, yeah it definitely is. Wow. And her dress is barely covering it up. How can she work in a thing like that? The short hem line accents her long, lean legs that end with a pair of black converse. She has a pink apron tied around her slim waist. The edges and pockets are lined with a small black ruffle; little black bows complete the look. The apron covers the bottom of her dress completely. Now, that's fucking hot. Visions of apron fantasies dance in