STOP! The Future is Now is the third and final installment of the one shot series, Tis the Season. It was written as a donation for the Fandom4LLS. It can be read on its own, but much more is revealed in the previous installments. If you haven't read Tis the Season or A Crazy Little Thing Called Love I highly suggest you do that first. As always, thanks to my beta guru, Midnight Cougar for making this story even better! Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight but do enjoy making them human. Dedicated to Little B, who at three years old was diagnosed with Leukemia. And who, at seven, teaches us that sometimes Cancer doesn't win! The Future is Now The days immediately following the Forks High School Valentine's dance were full of bliss for both Edward and Isabella. Mainly due to the fact it was the weekend and they had no need to face their peers. They were able to be themselves and not limited to hiding out in the local mall's Game Stop where Edward worked, like they had in the past. Although, those nights since Christmas were some of their fondest memories. Not to mention, some of Edward's hottest wet dreams come to life. But now they enjoyed spending their newfound freedom at Edward's house. More importantly in Edward's room; either cuddling while watching a movie, making out, or Isabella's new favorite pastime, annihilating the bad guys in one of Edward's video games. Isabella was still not comfortable having Edward spend much time in the hotel room where she was currently living with her parents, unbeknownst to the entire student body and especially her soon to be ex-boyfriend. But it was a secret that would be sure to get out eventually. More than likely when Emmett came to try to beat down the door of the unsuspecting owner of Isabella's old home. No, Isabella hadn't broken it off with Emmet McCarty yet, the captain of Forks High's football team. It had only been Friday night where he had practically attacked her in the school's gymnasium trying to get physical with her. It was a dance that would most likely be the talk of the school Monday. And other than that, Isabella had no idea what else to expect upon her return to the scene of the crime. When Isabella did finally arrive at school Monday morning, having been driven by Edward up until two blocks away, the rest she traversed on foot; she was on tenterhooks at what she would face. It was the first time in years where she entered the parking lot with her eyes averted, possibly since her first day of high school. Being one of the most popular girls in school had its advantages. Until now. She felt like everyone was staring at her, but there was no way she was going to look around to check. Isabella was halfway through the parking lot when she heard the low growl and the familiar shuffle of heavy footsteps. "Isabella, we need to talk," Emmett demanded, placing a strong hand on her elbow and dragging her around to face him. "That little stunt you pulled the other day was unacceptable." "Emmett, you're right. We do need to talk," Isabella spat out, ripping her arm away from Emmett's grip. "But what's unacceptable is how you treat people, and I, for one, am done with it." Emmett's mouth was open so wide in shock Isabella could have shoved an entire double-decker cheeseburger in his mouth. No one spoke to Emmett like that, least of all Isabella, but things were about to change. "And I'm also done with you, period," she continued on; her voice strong. "We are finished, I don't want you to talk to me or see you anywhere near me ever again." Before Emmett knew what hit him, Isabella spun on her heel and marched with her head held high into the school. It felt good for once to stand up for herself, but deep down she knew Emmett wouldn't take it so easily. She also had no idea how her other friends would handle this breakup. Or more importantly, her new boyfriend. Edward watched the entire scenario play out before him. He had promised Isabella he would let her deal with this on her own, but as soon as Emmett laid his hands on her he was out of his car in a flash. Not that he would have been able to do much, one punch and his scabbed up knuckles would've been open wounds again. Besides, he knew Emmett wasn't the only one being watched for expulsion and he would not leave Isabella here alone to face the crowds. Luckily, he didn't have to worry. It appeared Isabella could handle herself. The rest of the morning went by torturously slow for both Isabella and Edward. Their promise at no contact today, excruciatingly harder than the last four months. Keeping their friendship a secret in the past had been fairly easy, but now, their blossoming love was much harder to contain. Edward had tried in vain to convince Isabella the two should stand as one today. Unfortunately, Isabella was also trying to shield Edward from the extra attacks that were sure to come his way and they ended in a stalemate. Neither one succumbing to the other, until Edward begrudgingly gave up. When the lunchtime bell rang, Edward's heart was torn in two. He had no idea where Isabella was going to sit inside the cafeteria. Her usual spot consisted of Emmett and his cronies, Jasper and Demetri, and Isabella's best friends, Rosalie and Alice. Edward hoped her true friends would be kind to her and sit somewhere else with her, but deep down he knew the odds were not likely. All of this left Edward with his own dilemma, where to sit himself. He could very easily sit with his usual crowd, Randall and Peter would have loved to hear Edward recount the tale of taking down Emmett McCarty with a right hook to his nose. Regrettably, Edward didn't feel like celebrating until he had Isabella in his arms for good. Looking around, he found a small unoccupied table at the other end of the cafeteria and sat down to have lunch by himself. His friends called his name and waved him over when he passed, but Edward just smiled sadly and made his way across the room, setting his tray of food on the table and having a seat. He pulled out his AP Bio book and pretended to read it, looking even nerdier than he usually did. Edward internally sighed at the irony but kept his eyes on the book and his ears open for any signs of Isabella. "Mind if I join you?" a quiet but very familiar voice asked. Edward looked up, his eyes wide in astonishment, but instead of waiting for an answer, Isabella gracefully slid into the seat across from him. It seemed she wasn't going to renege on her promise of lunchtimes together. He just assumed they were going to start another day. She was sans her cheerleading outfit today, her brown hair in loose curls around her face and her bright brown eyes tinged with a bit of sadness. Edward hoped it was due to the fact they had been away from each other all day and not that she regretted her decision to be with him. Even though others thought him a hero, he still saw himself as the geeky boy with piles of insecurities, wondering how he ended up with the captain of the cheerleading squad. "Of…of course," Edward stuttered, surprised but elated she was choosing to join him in front of the entire school. "How was your day so far?" Isabella smiled slightly, "Not so bad, but it's looking up now." She reached over and placed her hand on Edward's, giving it a slight squeeze. Her eyes shone with happiness at finally being able to be with him in public without hiding. She wished she would have listened to him earlier; she missed him terribly all morning. Edward slid his tray of food toward Isabella and she helped herself to a few tater tots. Something really needed to be done about Isabella's lack of food and her pride in being "given handouts." It was something Edward was going to have to work on because starving herself wasn't an option anymore. He was going to get her to eat, somehow. Before the twosome could even start to enjoy each other's company, a snob-filled voice interrupted them. "Isabella, I can't believe you are going to sit here with this dork. Emmett's going to be pissed." "Alice, Emmett and I are over. I broke up with him this morning, and if you're smart you wouldn't hang out with him either. He's bad news." "What makes you so high and mighty?" Alice sneered back, just as Jasper and Demetri walked by. Jasper grabbed Alice's hand without a word, and Isabella watched her friend disappear, practically skipping in Jasper's wake. The quiet voice beside her drew her eyes to the kindhearted boy in front of her. "I'm so sorry, Isabella," Edward said. Seconds later, another voice boomed around them. Isabella looked up on reflex and her heart dropped into her stomach. Walking right toward them was Emmett, his arm draped casually over the shoulders of Rosalie Hale. Isabella fumed, her anger aimed more at Rose than at Em. She was starting to see her friends weren't as faithful as she once thought. "Guess you weren't as hurt as you acted when I broke up with you, after all," Bella said harshly, her eyes on Rose, but her words directed to Emmett. Emmett's face was full of rage, his skin changing to red in moments. He did not like to be made a fool of, especially in front of his classmates and twice in one day. It was one of the main reasons he had Rose on his arm. Well, that and to make Isabella jealous. Besides, rumor was Rose put out and looked good doing it. "Hey, babe," Emmett said with barely controlled anger. "I don't need some skank who sleeps around with geeks who can barely see where to put their little dicks." Isabella practically jumped from her chair, knocking it over as she stood face to face with Emmett. Her hands were clenched in tight fists, and were Isabella a cartoon, steam would be pouring out her ears. Before she could do something she'd regret Edward was in front of her, gently pushing her out of the way. "Careful love, don't want to do something you'd regret," he said to her quietly. "Too late," Isabella answered back angrily. And with that, Emmett had his fist pulled back. Before Edward could barely shove Isabella out of the way, Emmet's fist collided with his jaw knocking him and Isabella onto the ground. Rosalie looked on in horror. "Fight, fight, fight," was heard being chanted across the room as the crowd gathered around them for the second time in a week. Edward got up quickly, adjusting his glasses on his long nose and pushing his hair out of his face. He really should think about getting a hair cut if he was going to be this active. With his eyes on Emmett, he watched as the crowd slowly began to part as if by magic. Coach Clapp made his way toward them, but Emmett couldn't see him, nor did he seem to have heard the silence that had befallen them. He lunged toward Edward again, this time his hands went to Edward's neck and squeezed tightly. "Don't think you're so lucky, Four Eyes. She'll get tired of you before you know it and come running back to me." Edward's face was starting to change colors, but with a bark from the coach he was able to breathe again. "Emmett McCarty, the principal's office now!" Coach Clapp clasped his