This was my entry for the Fact or Fiction Countdown to 2014. Thanks to Breathe of Twilight for hosting, and to Midnight Cougar for all your love, support, brainstorming and of course, the mighty pen of yours! Grace Like Snow "Isabella Marie Swan, if you get in that car, so help me God…" "I'll be fine, Mom," I insisted, much to my mother's dismay. She could tell this was a battle she wasn't going to win against her twenty-year-old daughter, but I knew in my heart I really would be fine. "The snow's not that bad now and the reports say the roads are passable with caution. I promise I'll stop and call you every now and then to let you know I'm okay." My father placed his arm around my mom's shoulder, hugging her tightly to him in reassurance, but the look he gave me was one of pure seriousness. "If you wreck that car or, God forbid, get hurt, I will take it away," he threatened me sternly. "It really would make us feel better if you let us drive you back to school." "Dad," I whined, wishing they would stop treating me like a child and more like the woman I was today. "It's three and a half hours both ways; that's too much driving for you in one day, and I need to get back a few days before classes resume. I'm a safe driver and I know I can handle it. Trust me." My dad gave a terse nod, knowing I wasn't going to back down and pulled me in for a hug. The three of us hung on tight for a moment, and before my dad let go he kissed the top of my head. "Please be safe," he said quietly. "Always am, Dad," I answered back with a wave. I picked up my duffle bag and was out the door, looking back at the Christmas decorations still up, thinking of the perfect holiday that was now over. Once the car was warmed up, the tunes were blaring and the windshield was clear, I made my way onto the road for the long drive back to campus. I really was lucky to be able to visit my parents as often as I did – Seattle to Forks in fact wasn't that far a distance. The drive usually wasn't a bother at all. I loved the solitude after a busy time at college or dealing with my mother's incessant chatter while I was at home. I loved the woman, but boy could she talk! The roads were pretty clear, of both people and snow, and I jammed along to the music all the while keeping my eyes on the road ahead of me. After twenty minutes, I pulled over to the side and called my parents. I knew they would be worried sick and decided to call them as often as I could and still make decent time. Needless to say, they were relieved, and I signaled to rejoin the light traffic around me, feeling a little better at leaving them like I had. Being their only child, and Dad being Police Chief, they'd always been very protective. I hit the CD button in my old car and found my favorite song, Grace Like Rain by Todd Agnew and let the music wash over me as I drove. I put it on repeat and made my way steadily on the lightly snow-covered road. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound That saved a wretch like me I once was lost but now I'm found Was blind but now I see so clearly After a couple more stops to calm the parental units, I noticed the weather seemed to be getting a bit worse the closer I got to Seattle. It wasn't anything I couldn't manage, Dad had taught me well, but I gripped the wheel tighter as the snow started falling heavier with each passing minute. The roads were becoming slick and I sat up straighter, my hands at ten and two. I blew out a big breath; I could do this. Hallelujah, grace like rain falls down on me Hallelujah, all my stains are washed away, washed away Moments later my car started to slide a little, so I eased off the accelerator and slowed down, looking for somewhere to pull over for a bit. Before I could find somewhere suitable, I approached a sharp curve to the left with snow gathered in spots, making the driving even trickier. 'Twas grace that taught my heart to fear And grace my fears relieved How precious did that grace appear The hour I first believed In mere seconds, my car fishtailed out of my control. I kept spinning my steering wheel and was gently pumping the breaks but could do nothing to remedy the situation. Hallelujah, grace like rain falls down on me Hallelujah, all my stains are washed away, washed away This was it , I thought, my mind preparing itself for the worse that was sure to come. I could see a huge ditch and a telephone pole and knew that one of those had my name on it. When we've been there ten thousand years Bright shining as the sun We've no less days to sing Your praise Than when we first begun As soon as the thought left my head, my car came to an abrupt stop. Right smack dab in between the ditch and the pole against an icy snow bank. My side, back door was literally within inches of crashing into the telephone pole. I sat there in disbelief, with my heart pounding; Grace Like Rain continued to play in the background. Hallelujah, grace like rain falls down on me Hallelujah, all my stains are washed away, washed away There I sat stock-still in shock, thankful that God saved my life from a major accident; because I knew deep down this was nothing short of a miracle. If it hadn't been for that hard snow bank, I would have been wrapped around the pole or upside down in the deep ditch. The relief was short-lived when I realized that although I was alive, my car was stuck, and I was still on the outskirts of the city; a good half hour driving distance away from the college. There was no way I could walk that far in this weather, and calling my parents was not an option. I didn't want my car to be taken away as they had threatened – and I knew my dad was one to hold onto his word. Besides, it was way too far for them to drive and I didn't want them driving in the bad weather, plus I could sit here freezing to death while I waited. There really was only one option: find help, so I got out of my car to survey the surrounding area. In the distance, I could make out a small house through the snowfall and decided it was close enough to walk there safely. I tugged my hat down on my head, my jacket closer around my body and pulled my gloves out of the pocket and put them on, praying to God that someone would be home. And that they wouldn't be some psychotic serial killer or something. As I neared the house I began to doubt I would be so lucky. The place looked more like a rundown shack than a house – a winter cabin; but since there were no other houses as close, I took my chances. I knocked on the door, more afraid the door would fall off its hinges and I would anger the unstable hermit I was sure lived inside before I even had the chance to say hello. I stood for a few minutes waiting, but when no one answered, I turned and headed back down the dirt road leading back to the main highway, when I heard his rough voice. "Can I help you?" a man asked, and I turned in hope and fear at the same time. The man, who walked toward me, seemed to tower over my small frame; easily reaching at least six foot, if not more. His broad shoulders were covered by a quilted, flannel jacket, an axe slung over his right shoulder. I couldn't make out his face except for the grizzly beard and a pair of beady eyes. His head was covered with a hunter's cap, the furry ear flaps shielding him from the cold and me from getting a good look at his face. My body shivered as he approached; a defense mechanism from the creepy man who, in all honesty, scared the crap out of me. I knew, though, that he was my only hope, and even if he was going to kill me with that axe, there was no way I could outrun him. I sucked in a bit of air and spoke as assuredly as I could. "I'm sorry to bother you, sir, but you see, I am having a bit of car trouble. My car is stuck in the snow bank over there and I can't seem to get it out. I was wondering if you could help." Creepy hermit guy came closer, his head in the direction of my sad, little car, and I stiffened at his proximity. The axe was getting dangerously closer and I didn't like it one bit, but I stood my ground. Show no fear, and all of that nonsense. Inside, my body was screaming at me to run away, even if it was to no avail. "Sure, love," he replied, much to my surprise. "I've got a shovel over in the shed, and I can try and help dig you out at least. Hang on a second." He disappeared around the corner again, leaving me to collect my thoughts and my oxygen. It was hard to breathe when your heart was in your throat, going a mile a minute. His voice had seemed kind when he spoke with his soft English accent, more than his original greeting, and I began to wonder if I had jumped to conclusions. He had offered to help after all and called me "love." When he returned seconds later, the axe was replaced by a shovel and I relaxed infinitesimally. At least he was being honest with wanting to help , I thought. "Lead the way," he said, waving his hand for me to walk before him. "Thank you so much for doing this. I really appreciate it. I'm trying to get back to college." "It's no problem," he replied and continued to walk briskly toward my car. I had a hard time keeping up with his long strides as we walked in silence through the thick, heavy snow. After a few moments, I glanced to my side, taking in his profile. With the hat pushed back, I could see him a bit more clearly…something about this man seemed familiar, but I shrugged the thought away, unable to place it. I watched as he carefully dug snow out from under each tire of the car. The muscles in his back stretched the jacket tight as he worked meticulously, trying to rid my car of its snow-filled resting spot. Sadly, it was to no avail. There was ice under the snow, and even as he pushed while I tried to slowly reverse the car out of the bank, it would not budge, just spin. As I looked up at him from my vantage point in the driver's seat, when he walked back around to my window, it dawned on me. I did know this man. At least I thought I did. He didn't usually have so much growth on his face; but as his cheeks reddened in the cold and his eyes became alight with exertion, I knew it had to be him. "Professor Masen?" I asked, unsure. "Is that really you?" The man's piercing, green eyes shot