28 Prologue- Eowyn Chronicles Dear Lady Silima, I deeply regret that we have begun our journey on a misstep, and I offer this by way of making amends. First, I was in error to express misgivings about your youth, and the haste of your marriage. It was tackless and judgmental of me, and It reflects poorly on my high opinion of Elboron's good sense, which was not my intent. The shock of returning from my absence after three years, to find you literally at my place by the hearth is but a poor excuse for my behavior. My return was not anticipated. The disappointment I felt for missing the joyful occasion of the marriage of my first son is a poorer excuse. That you thought to call me "the white lady of ice lacking in love or passion" should not have been a surprise, given your first impression of me. But how can you know this? When you said that I came to Gondor from Rohan for a state-arranged marriage (these twenty nine years ago!) and did not comprehend the joy of a self-chosen union, you are in part, at least, mistaken. I do, however know the sorrow of coming to an unfamiliar land in which I was not always welcome, and should have been mindful of this when I met you. Dear Lady, I want you to see that I have felt something of ice and fire both. You said that I have refused the gift of the Ent-wives foolishly. I have been foolish in many ways, but I am confident in this choice, at least. All know that Queen Arwen Undomiel (the most accepting of creatures) chose a life in defiance of her nature. By contrast, I (born with so much of defiance in my heart,) chose a life in acceptance of my nature. But in the end, we have both chosen a life with death at the end of it, and that seems a peaceful thought. The King has lately summoned Faramir and me to Minas Arnor to council for the trial of Belmir. Since we shall be gone for some weeks, I wish to leave this with you. I never had the gift of smooth narrative. I could not say: here is the story's beginning, it's middle, it's end, here is the lesson learned. Bori will tell you that I could not even organize the day's events for dinner conversation without the smallest of my children correcting the sequence. So I offer you what follows, not as the saga of my life, but perhaps, as a kind of window into my heart. So that you may think better of your husband's mother when I have done well, and forgive my weakness when I have done poorly. It has given me much hope that you have begun to forgive my arrogance and I earnestly look forward to a growing accord. Chapter 1 Brothers Brothers. In appearance and demeanor it was apparent. I distracted my unease by studying their differences, which being less obvious, was the more rigorous mental challenge. They were both of considerable height, the elder slightly taller, and notably broader through the shoulders and chest. Both were well muscled warriors, the younger's movements more agile and catlike, the older strutting and preening in the manner of a rooster. Their voices shared the clipped arrogance of Gondor, the elder louder and more affable, his attention always on my uncle, though I noticed the smiles and laughs never reached his steely gray eyes. The younger's voice was quieter, but deeper too, and his manner ever grave. His carefully neutral eyes seemed to observe and evaluate everyone in the hall, like a counselor or emissary, while his brother's bearing assumed that everyone should observe him. Their hands bore the scars of men familiar with battle, the nails of the elder more carefully manicured, the younger having a piece of flesh nicked out of the edge of the last finger of his shield hand, and some ragged nail ends bitten to the quick. I glanced nervously at my own thumbs, where I had worried their cuticles to sore red patches. A kinship of nervous habits, hardly reassuring, especially one I was loathe to share. I hid my hands inside my sleeves, noticing not for the first time, that what was my best gown seemed almost shabby before the Gondorian splendor of their velvet tunics worked with gold thread and jewels. There again, the younger brother's raiment was less ornate, though well tended, and made him look the poor relation. Their hair was the blue-black of a raven's feathers, the elder's shorter and more carefully trimmed, the younger's longer. It's strangeness repelled and fascinated me all at once. Since childhood, I could resist wayward impulses only by giving my mind free reign in imagining them performed, so I tested the texture with phantom fingertips. Yes, smooth and strong as a wing tip. In consternation, I realized I had "touched" the hair of the younger one. Ai, Eowyn! Even in your imagination you get yourself into trouble. I looked quickly at the one for whom I was intended. Feeling my gaze perhaps, he raked me with a depreciating glare as though I was a brood mare he was about to trade off at market. Worse and worse. I allowed myself one miserable instant of desperation until I felt another pair of eyes on me, this time The Worm, gloating as usual. A surge of anger welled inside me so intense it brought the younger brother's eyes to mine. Though he had observed me before, with careful neutrality, I felt his gaze this time held more curiosity, and he was quick to see the source of my dismay. Too quick! Well, let him puzzle it out, he looked the type to enjoy riddles. Can you guess why after twice refusing Theoden King's gentle request to honor this ridiculous match, I would grovel before your Gondorian snobbery and acquiesce like a simpering idiot? I wish you WOULD guess, so you could explain to ME how Grima's slimed advances become harder and harder for me to repel, how my mind aches with the horror of his mental degradation. How those images are at once repulsive and impossible to look away from. How my tongue inexplicably ties over any idea of revealing his vile purpose. There is some strange sorcery here, and I know only enough to fear it, to escape it as soon as I might. So guess, Gondorian brother. Guess why today I vow to leave my beautiful Melduseld, my beloved brother, my King and Uncle, my noble cousin. Puzzle what could have driven me to agree to give up my hearth and home to be caged in that spiraling cold labyrinth under your brother's colder gray eyes. Later. We spoke the betrothal vows. I had performed my duty for Rohan, and now must do likewise for Gondor. I clung to some small consolations: the relief in myUncle's eyes, who had been lately more careworn and in poorer health, likewise the shared relief of Theodred and my dear brother who rode ever with their Eoreds and were anxious for my safety, shield maiden or no. Also the not small mitigation that the Worm was fuming, now that it was apparent I would depart in the morning. I entertained one last easement, or call it a hope, fool that I was. My betrothed's attitude at dinner was at least cordial, and while, again, no sentiment reached his eyes, I hoped his manner an indication of a neutrality in which accord would grow. Chapter 2 Swords and Daggers I will not dwell on leave taking Melduseld. I dared not glance back for the fear of disgracing myself with tears. I sat my horse with pride. There was some disagreement there, both that I be suffered to bring my own horse (too spirited for a lady) and my own saddle (straddled "like a man.") Pleading familiarity, I won that battle, as they say in the Mark, only to loose the war. My sheathed sword was relieved of my care, by my betrothed, "into his safekeeping". He explained to me, rather as one would to very young, not very clever child, that as Gondor's Captain General, he deemed me perfectly safe without troubling myself with arms. My mother's daggers smiled in my boots. It was a ride of five days, in truth, but the brothers seemed to feel it was the occasion for one long lark of hunting, picnicking, and exploring, which drew it out to seven. The younger brother had unpacked a volume of poetry to read quietly at the campfire, while my intended seemed ever content with the sound of his own voice. I resumed the game of contrasting the brothers, trying to assume some loyalty of favor to the elder, but , in truth, failing. His horse mastery was absolute but heavy handed with the bit, bordering on brutish, while the younger brother led mainly with his own posture on his mount, almost in our style. Likewise they led their men. The older commanded formidable respect, the younger admiration. As unlike as they were in temperament, they shared an easy affection and camaraderie which made me miss my brother all the more. The escort was forty strong, thirty from the Captain General's White Guard, and ten Ithilien Rangers. They also provided me with two handmaidens, whom I found superfluous and bothersome, and suspected to be spies for the Steward. My things were often left in slight disarray, and they made artful attempts to bring me out on a number of subjects not possibly of interest to them. (I kept my diary in a large pocket tied to my waist, and my lovely rosewood daggers with the silver filigree work in my boots worn day and night.) Moreover, I could dress myself and my hair, and detested gossip concerning the company at hand and the court impending (although I confess some curiosity about the latter). It appeared in their judgment at least, that the Steward was a formidable man and disfavored the younger son. My betrothed had been the pride of the court and something of a heartbreaker, fickle in his affections. As the brothers, Lord Boromir and Lord Faramir, preferred each other's company (aside from sporadic solicitations as to my health and general well being) I had much to ponder alone. Three days out. Orc attack. I have seen the destructive wake of Orcs many times but never the beasts in battle. They are the stuff of worst nightmares, and appeared as foul as their deeds. I had forgotten the stench, which lingers on weapons and clothing soiled with their blood. It was the smell on my father's corpse returned to our hall so many years hence. Lord Boromir dove in their midst hacking limb and head with practiced rhythm, while his brother stood at his back and dispatched his share. The company was outnumbered by a dozen or so, and fought well. Two of the White Guard were stationed before our tent, and I peered out of the seam between them. Presently one of them took an arrow in the shoulder, and fell. The second guard was then attacked by three orcs who came from behind the tent. He held his position, driving his sword through the chest of the first orc. The second and third came at him from opposite sides, and he could not parry both blows. He staggered with a wound to the thigh. As the other orc came to finish him I launched the first dagger, I could not tell in the poor light if I made a vital hit, but he fell. The orc remaining realized that the tent was the source of the dagger, and charged forward. I threw the second dagger into his chest. Then, bereft of my sword, I stood in the shadows and observed , one hand over the mouth of each handmaiden so