24 Fanfic II Eowyn Chronicles Chapter 15 Pride and Prejudice There are some things that it does well to remember about my husband. He is not a vain man, but he can be prideful. Not about his titles, his house, or his appearance, or his many fine attributes, but about his work. When he sets himself a task, he goes to great pains to do it well. Also, while he is very generous to the faults of others (how well I know!) he can be very unforgiving of his own perceived imperfections. When the ring bearer, Frodo, threw the one ring into the fires of Mount Doom and Sauron was defeated, everyone found time to rejoice. All except my husband, that is, who fretted over designing an appropriate protocol for handing over the rod of the Steward's office to Aragorn, who would soon be crowned. That there was no existing protocol was a scandal in the Gondorian extreme. They had a ceremony for every contingency, seemingly. But not for this, so my husband took it upon himself. But it had to be expressed perfectly. And it had to show King Aragorn the proper respect. And it had to signify that he, Faramir, direct descendent of Mardil, the first ruling Steward, was full willing to give up his office as the emblem of rule and honor it had been for over 1000 years. In truth, my husband had not the vain ambition to assume rule as his right, as - say, my brother, the newly crowned King of Rohan. Faramir's very nature was intent more on assuming responsibility rather than authority. He was raised as the second son whose purpose was to support the steward and his heirs. Alas, his world was turned upside down. But I was not to worry. "We will be fine, Eowyn, truly, you must not worry for us. I own fleets in Dol Amroth in my own name, inherited from my mother, and holdings there as well. And ancestral holdings in Emyn Arnen under the House of Hurin. These properties are not attached to the Steward's Office. Only the Steward's apartments here will be forfeit, and the Steward's tithe." Thank the Valar for that! I could not wait to abandon these moldy trappings. Actually I had no idea my husband held such wealth. The only things of value he seemed to amass were stacks and shelves of books, and trunks and cases of scrolls and maps. I was not worried in the first place and said so. He tried to believe me, but I could see he thought I was placating him. All I wanted, in truth, was a cozy hearth and a nice big stable facing south. My dear brother had promised me a belated wedding gift of my own choice of two dozen of Rohan's finest from his own stables, (with open breeding rights thereafter) as soon as we had a place to house them. My husband paced the length of the room, carefully trying to stretch out his halting gait into an even stride. It would not do to limp when surrendering the white rod of the Steward to the King. I imagined the rod meeting a variety of untimely ends, all at my own hands. I knew this was madness, but I ventured forth. "Fara, are you sure the King will not need a Steward, after all? Many kings before Mardil had one assisting them. Would it not be wise to ask Aragorn what he intends?" " "Elessar", my dear wife, you must remember to call him by the new name he has chosen." " "Elessar", then. Will you not simply ask him what he means to do?" Apparently this kind of plain speaking would not be respectful. I changed the subject, admitting defeat. "How well your stride is improving, husband! I can see no limp at all." "And you, dear wife. It is good to see your hands on the harp again, and hear your lovely playing. It brings strength to both your arms." He was kind to be so encouraging, but I was frustrated with slow progress. Though I could at least tend to our precious son now without assistance, it would be months yet before I could write again, or play anything but a slow ballad, or stitch a neat wound, but I hoped that skill would not be required for awhile. I sighed and flexed my fingers. Faramir sat beside me and began massaging my sword arm from shoulder to fingertips. The recurring chill was persistent, but his loving ministrations more so. His eyes looked so tired, I thought, but he had many tasks still ahead this day. He intended to hand over Minas Tirith to KIng Elessar, as best as he could restore it, in the few days remaining. Elessar. Aragorn. Strider. Thorongil. Heir of Isildur. Estel. Who was this man? Who could trust a man who was invested with so many names? I did not suspect he would be an outright tyrant, but had misgivings. Or call them fears. My Fara had passed much of his life until now under the disapproving judgment of his father. I could not bear to watch him uphold his dignity or squander his allegiance where it was not appreciated and respected. I would not give him up to another Denethor willingly. But what did we know of Aragorn? He had Gandalf's endorsement, that was most promising. He was a valorous warrior and had allies in many halls: Men, Dwarves, Elves, even Hobbits. His betrothed was rumored to be an elven princess, but I could not begin to guess how that signified. He had healed many thought beyond hope, including Fara and myself. This surely proved his goodness, but the power I felt from his voice calling me back still dwelled somewhere in my mind and was unsettling. The first time I was compelled by a power outside myself, it was Grima. But, I kept reminding myself, Aragorn only used his power to keep me from slipping away. I glanced at Elboron stirring fitfully. The thought that he came so close to being an orphan sent a pang to my heart. I was haunted by a recurring dream of wandering the dark labyrinth below Minas Tirith trying to find where I had hid my baby. "What are your thoughts, my beloved?" "I was thinking about orphans, husband." He was dismayed. Another responsibility he had yet to address properly. "I have sent some guards to gather them up, but they hide from them, or else they lie and say they have families to go to, or wail and kick so piteously that the guards let them go again." "Children need to be gently coaxed, Fara. Will you not let me try something?" His eyebrows shot up. The idea of an experiment always intrigued him. "What will you do?" "Call off your guards for a time. I will attempt to catch flies with honey." We soon parted, for we had many tasks that day, Although I had seen less of my husband since we had left the houses of healing, we spent much more time together than in his days as Captain of the Rangers, and for that I was thankful. I arranged Elboron in a Rhorric sling, which I had Finduin fashion out of a piece of an old cloak, wrapped from shoulder to hip. The movement of my walking soon lulled him to sleep. This arrangement turned heads and lowered eyebrows on the street, but I was usually disapproved of for something here, and strode on. My first task was a request from my husband, and I was happy to relieve him of one burden, at least. Fara gave me a list of books to find in the library and bring to the houses of healing for some of the Rangers still recuperating. I soon found the volumes and decided to bring a few more, in anticipation of pleasing someone bored or in need of distraction. I entered one of the rooms where I thought to find Anborn, but was taken by surprise. I stopped abruptly hoping to back out the door without being noticed by the man gazing out the window. "Lady Eowyn, how good of you to visit, I did not know if you would come." In truth, I probably would not have come, even if I knew he was here, which I did not. I had no idea he why he thought I might, except that I had taken it upon myself to go among those in the houses an hour or so a day, seeing what was needed, and many there knew I made the rounds. "Nyliss, you are looking well," I lied. He was skin stretched over bone. But he thought I had come deliberately, and now I would have to play this out. I had no gift for dissembling, but charged forward. "I thought you might like something to read, to pass the time." I held back the promised volumes and offered him a choice of the others. He made his selection with exaggerated care, discussing the merits of each volume. So, a man of some education. I looked around and noticed no small gifts or tidbits of the type left by family or friends who visit, all the while marveling that he was actually talking to me, and seemed somewhat at ease. "Can I get you something?" "Just water, please, I am able to move a little now, and the lung is finally clearing, but getting out of bed still tires me.' I handed him a cup. "Did you know that Elessar healed me? My lung was opened up and full of infection." "Yes, it is also due to him that Faramir and I are alive today." He peered at Elboron, nestled into my side. "Is this the Steward's heir then?" I could not tell his meaning. Was he joking? After all, he was the only one alive beside my husband who knew for certain who the father of this baby was. Then a mischievous smirk stretched his face, pulling at his scar, and I could tell he was. "Yes, this is the infamous babe who has everyone in Gondor counting backward on their fingers." I was well aware of the rumors concerning my deceit, or wantonness. There were many versions, even one in which I was the toy of Denethor shared with his sons. My comment earned an outright wheezing laugh. "Gondorians love a scandal, my lady, the higher the better. And what is the name of this little boy?" "He is named for the memory of his uncle, Elboron." He was silent for so long I thought he would not speak again. Then he ventured: " My lady, everyone praises your valor - The Witch King! " I tried to be as kind as I could, but this was a subject I was loathe to pursue. "Nyliss, mine was a deed of but a few hours, whereas, you have served the White Guard bravely for , what, six, seven years?" "I have served Gondor seven years, my lady, but I transferred from the White Guard last year when ... when Boromir left." "You should know that he died well, protecting the very hobbits that later destroyed the ring. You should be very proud of him." "Thank you my lady. I have heard other rumors, but I know you would only tell me the truth." Yes, the truth, though I was pretending to be here on purpose. "Nyliss, you must come to visit us when you are well. Faramir thinks there may be some of your things among Boromir's. He has everything carefully stored." "It is very kind of you to offer this. I will come when I may." "Good, well, I have other books to deliver, but I will return one day soon." "Soon, my lady." Then the other books were delivered, and I was again in the streets. Well, done, Eowyn,