33 Part 3 - Chapter 1 Premonitions Wecontinued the argument begun in our bed chamber, (where I stuffed some gifts for Lothi in a saddle bag), to my dressing room (where I crammed in some warm comfortable traveling clothes), and through the pantry, (where I retrieved from Sobak a four day food supply for myself and my escort), to the stables. No, I could not wait another month to make this journey. I was needed back here in the spring! Could he not remember, I promised to be in Edoras for the birth? If he wished to come when the council was concluded, I would await his arrival there, but I saw no need for his personal escort now. Why now? Had I not had made this trip scores of times without him? Eomer and Lothi expected me to come for the birth, and after all, a baby does not wait. He took gentle hold of my shoulders then, to focus my attention. I gazed into his warm gray eyes, so penetrating and steady. He avowed he was done with pleading, he only wanted me to take extra care. Would I promise to stay close to my escort? Would I keep to the road? Would I make camp an hour before dusk? "Yes, yes, YES, Fara, have I not already said as much?" I immediately began to regret my temper. I modulated my voice. "You know I lack the patience for waiting, yet you delay me at the most provoking of times. But I am sorry for the force of my words ..." He exhaled loudly. "You CAN not wait. You DO not wait. You WILL not wait. Long have I striven to accept this, dearest lady wife. But I could not forgive myself if anything were to happen to you." "What are you saying, husband, did you see something?" He was hesitant with a reply. His eyes shifted away. "Nothing I can name. I see only something is wrong ... some darkness." "Perhaps something will go amiss with the birth! All the more reason for me to leave in haste." "No ... no, the birth will go well. Lothiriel, I think, will need extra time to recover, though ... and the child IS a girl this time. " I knew not to question his auguries. They would both be pleased to welcome a daughter. I felt only impatience with his vague unease on my behalf, however. His last dire premonition produced nothing worse than Aldamir's being unhorsed with a broken wrist. "Well then, you may come to Edoras when the council is over, and whatever it is that is wrong, you can make it right again," I concluded. I did not mean then to bind him to such a burden. My memory of our parting that morning, when he followed me right into the stables, will remain ever clear in my mind. Each time I woke in captivity began with a vision of it. My lord husband had worn an old hole-ridden ranger's cloak he still favored which only underscored his lordly bearing. I never tired of observing his agile movements and assured skill, whatever work he went about. He appeared strong and energetic, little older than when first we met. I was very glad now for the difference in our years, as I was not blessed with his Numenorian longevity. It seemed to me that in the past few years I had overtaken him in aging. His head bent over as he fussed with my tack, inspected my steed, its shanks and hooves. I scolded him that the stable master himself had seen to these tasks already. "You know his eyesight is failing, dearest wife, he may have missed something." He tightened a strap unnecessarily, adjusted a pack that was already secure, and rose surprised to meet my fond gaze. "Husband dear, there is only one more delay I will gladly suffer," I smiled, reaching forward to embrace him. The journey from Minas Estel to Edoras passed uneventfully enough, but I arrived to worrisome news. Queen Lothiriel had a quick birth, and though the babe thrived, child bed fever almost claimed the mother. Upon examination, I saw strong signs she had already taken an upward turn, yet my brother hung on my arrival as their deliverance. "Sister, you must save them both!" he beseeched, his face a mask of misery. "Your healers have done all necessary, dear brother, her fever breaks. You must rest assured. Lothi will be well. And the babe thrives. Finally a girl! How will she be named?" "Leofa, she will be called," his great grin appeared. "Did you see her hair? None of the boys had so much! But I am so sorry. You must eat now. And sleep. How was your journey?" "It was fine riding weather." We were too exhausted to make much small talk, and lapsed soon into sharing a quiet supper. Chapter 2 The Face I stayed four weeks at Edoras. Queen Lothriel was recovering well. She was delighted to hold a daughter after bearing four sons, fine and strong though they were. Indeed this child was a belated treasure to both parents, who had thought their family complete. I knew my visit cheered Lothi, yet she had long ago established deep friendships among the Rohrrim women, and my attendance here was more of a tradition than a necessity. These days I did not like to be gone from Minas Estel so long. The youngest three of our children were at an age where they would have been scandalized to imagine I thought they were not as completely independent as their older siblings, yet they lacked the judgment and experience to be unsupervised without mischief or mishap. Also, the foaling would begin soon, and though Aldor had three able assistants, (Malbeth more than qualified to assume duties as master), I liked to greet the new foals myself. I waited, yes, impatiently, for Fara to arrive. Instead there was a message that the council would not disperse for several days more. I sent with the messenger a reply that I would then begin my return journey to Emyn Arnen the following day. I went to tell my brother of my intentions. He was in his private council chamber with Gamling, leaning over a map discussing a future endeavor. As I was making small talk to the First Marshall about his family and holdings, I stood near the map at such an angle that the topology of the lower right hand corner appeared to resemble a face. I peered closer. What is this? The Falls Of Rauros? And here are the seats of seeing and hearing on either side of the Anduin. This is Emyn Muil, is it not brother? Gamling and my brother exchanged an indulgent smile over my head, which I caught, looking up at Eomer once more. "Eomer, I need a copy of this Map!" I had been mulling a puzzle in my mind these many years, and felt it's solution was always just out of my grasp. I felt like a child trying to examine a soap bubble which burst the moment I reached for it. It was from the diary I recovered from my Uncle Theoden's rooms, but not written in his hand. When my husband was establishing his library in Minas Estel, a few years after we settled, I remembered the diary and showed it to him. Fara began translating it for me, from the Sindarin. He was reluctant to share most of it. Much was concerned with sorcery - incantations for compellings, for obscurings, for diverting nature and normal growth into abominations which could be controlled for evil purposes. My husband shook his head, "Eowyn, we must shun knowledge of such things. This has nothing to do with your Uncle." We came to the same conclusion. Grima had somehow gotten this information from Saruman, whether taught, stolen or chanced upon, we did not know. "We must destroy it." He resolved. But first, he reasoned, he would read it through for references pertaining to the land itself. It had been many years since Sauron fell, and we were all frustrated by the continued barrenness of Mordor. Perhaps Saruman also had some knowledge of it. Should not the land show some signs of revival by now? I checked on Fara's translating progress later in the day, and he furrowed his brow, dispirited. "No, nothing about the land. But here is something which will interest you." He went to a part he had marked with a straw. It referred to a secret place of captivity for the Ent-wives where Saruman was devising some of his manipulations. The purpose was not stated, but clearly it obsessed Grima. He was trying to work out the location of the prison from cryptic information given by another of Saruman's apprentices he referred to as Serkewyth. It appeared that she withheld the location but enticed him with clues. "It should be as clear to you as the wen on your face." she concluded. I shuddered remembering an irregular mark near his nose on his left cheek. Having to recall his face at all brought back a loathsome shame. (From the mouth of dear Frodo himself, I heard witness of Grima's death, yet the fearful memory of his wickedness persisted.) This traitorous Worm loomed ever closer and I was powerless to resist his advances. It was not attraction, never that! It was a spell of compelling. I would have succumbed but for what I thought was the fool enjoying the power of a prolonged game of cat and mouse. What he did not foresee was the arrival of two brothers from Gondor ... Fara's voice brought me back. "If we could solve this mystery, dear wife, you would know what happened to the Entwives, as you often wonder." "Perhaps, but if the Entwives were imprisoned by Saruman, why were they not able to free themselves when he fell?" I wondered. "It is often the way of riddles to grow more riddles," my husband reflected. "Should not the Ents be told of their wives fate?" "I have been considering this. What would it gain them but fresh misery? We do not even know of it's veracity. If, one day, we can untangle the layers of meaning here and discover the location of their captivity, we will go to them." It was foolish of me to suppose that I could solve this enigma where my husband could not. He was often sought out for his keen insight and reasoning ability. He had many diverse concerns and responsibilities in those years, and this was, for him, but a small distraction. Yet this one conundrum compelled me. We agreed to destroy the book, but not before I tore out the pages which referred to the Ent-wives. He saw me do it, but withheld his censure. I was well familiar with the vocabulary of his expressions by now. He disapproved, but would not say more. But now, here on the map in Eomer's council chamber was - with a little imagination - the face. The Tol Brandir was the nose. The seats of Seeing and Hearing were the eyes, The Rauros Falls were the gaping mouth. Surrounding those landmarks, Emyn Muil, the lines showing a coruscation of steeply peaked rocky hills, were the cheeks. And this brown dot at the edge of the cheek, near the Tol Brandir, was a crater. Like a wen. I looked at the whole of the map. But this was not far at all from the Fangorn! All these ages they have been so close! Eomer gave me the map itself. It was a copy of an original, carefully archived. My unnamed enthusiasm seemed to amuse him, but he thought no more of it for a time. I did not share with him my purpose or urgency. I did not want the embarrassment of having to give an explanation if I was wrong. In