1. PARTY I was ninety-nine point nine percent sure that I was dreaming. The reasons I was so certain were that, first, I was standing in a bright shaft of sunlight-the kind of blinding clear sun that never shone of my drizzy new hometown in Forks, Washington-and second, I was looking at my Grandpa Mason. Gramps had died six years ago, so that pretty much answered my question. Grandfather hadn't changed much; his face looked just the same as I remembered it. The skin was soft and withered, bent into a thousand tiny creases that clung gently to the bone underneath. Like a dried apricot, but with thick white hair standing out around it. Our mouths-his a wizened pucker-spread into the same surprised half-smile at just the same time. Apparently, he hadn't been expecting to see me, either. I was about to ask him a question; I had so many-What was he doing here in my dream? What had he been up to the last six years? Was Grandma okay, and had they found each other, wherever they were?-but he opened his mouth when I did, so I stopped to let him go first. He paused, too, and then we both smiled at the little awkwardness. "Beau?" It wasn't Gramps who called my name, and we both turned to see the addition to our small reunion. I didn't have to look to know who it was; this was a voice I would know anywhere-know, and respond to, whether I was awake or asleep… or even dead, I'd bet. The voice I'd go to hell and back for- or, less dramatically, go every day dealing with the cold and endless rain for. Edythe. Even though I was always thrilled to see her-conscious or otherwise-and even though I was almost positive that I was dreaming. I panicked as Edythe walked toward us through the glaring sunlight. I panicked because Gramps didn't know that I was in love with a vampire-nobody knew that-so how was I supposed to explain the fact that the brilliant sunbeams were shattering of her skin into a thousand rainbow shards like she was made of crystal or diamond? Well, Gramps, you might have noticed that my girlfriend glitters. It's just one of the side affects of her allergic reaction to the sun. No big deal… What was she doing ? The whole reason she lived in Forks, the rainiest place in the world, was so that she could be outside in the daytime without exposing her family's secret. Yet here she was, strolling gracefully toward me-with the most beautiful smile on her angel's face-as if I were the only one here. In that second, I wished that I was not the one exception to her mysterious talent; I usually felt grateful that I was the only person whose thoughts she couldn't hear just as clearly as if they were spoken aloud. But now I wished she could hear me, too, so that she could hear the warning I was screaming in my head. I shot a panicked glance back at Gramps, and saw that it was too late. He was just turning to stare back at me, his eyes as alarmed as mine. Edythe-still smiling so beautifully that my heart felt like it was going to swell up and burst through my chest-put her arms around my waist and then turned to face my grandfather. Gramp's expression surprised me. Instead of looking horrified, he was staring at me nervously, as if waiting for a scolding. And he was standing in such a straight position-one arm held awkwardly away from his body, stretched out and then curled around the air. Like he had his arm around someone I couldn't see, someone invisible… Only then, as I looked at the bigger picture, did I notice the huge gilt frame that enclosed my grandfather's form. Uncomprehending, I raised the hand that wasn't wrapped around Edythe's shoulder and reached out to touch her. He mimicked the movement exactly, mirrored it. But where our fingers should have met, there was nothing but cold glass… With a dizzying jolt, my dream instantly became a nightmare. There was no Gramps. That was me . Me in a mirror. Me-ancient, creased, and withered. Edythe stood beside me, casting no reflection, excruciatingly lovely and forever seventeen. She pressed her icy, perfect lips against my wrinkled cheek. "Happy birthday," she whispered. I woke with a start-my eyelids popping open wide- and gasped. Dull gray light, the familiar light of an overcast morning, took the place of the blinding sun in my dream. Just a dream , I told myself. It was only a dream. I took a deep breath, and then jumped again when my alarm went off. The little calendar in the corner of the clock's display informed me that today was September thirteenth. Only a dream, but prophetic enough in one way, at least. Today was my birthday. I was officially eighteen years old. I'd been dreading this day for months. All though the perfect summer-the happiest summer I had ever had, the happiest summer anyone anywhere had ever had, and the rainiest summer in the history of the Olympic Peninsula-this bleak date had lurked in ambush, waiting to spring. And now that it had his, it was even worse that I thought it would be. I could feel it-I was older. Every day I got older, but this was different. I was eighteen. And Edythe would never be. When I went to brush my teeth, I was almost surprised that the face in the mirror hadn't changed. I stared at myself, looking for some sign of impending wrinkles in my skin. The only creases were the ones on my forehead, though, and I knew that if I could manage to relax, they would disappear. I couldn't. My eyebrows stayed lodged in a worried line over my anxious brown eyes. It wasn't so much that I was just a year older than Edythe that I didn't like because that isn't that bad, but it's the fact that it marks a year closer to really getting old. It was just a dream, I reminded myself again. Just a dream… but also my worst nightmare. I skipped breakfast, in a hurry to get out of the house as quickly as possible. I wasn't entirely able to avoid my dad, and so I had to spend a few minutes acting cheerful. I honestly tried to be excited about the gifts I'd asked him not to get me, but every time I had to smile, it felt like I might as well have started to cry. I struggled to clear my thoughts, avoid thinking about my nightmare as I drove to school. The vision of Gramps-I would not think of it as me- was hard to get out of my head. I couldn't feel anything but despair until I pulled into the familiar parking lot behind Forks High School and spotted leaning motionless against her polished silver Volvo, like a marble tribute to some forgotten pagan goddess of beauty. The dream had not done her justice. And she was waiting there for me, just the same as every other day. Despair momentarily vanished; wonder took its place. Even after half a year with her, I still couldn't believe that I deserved this degree of good fortune. Her brother Archie was standing by her side, waiting for me, too. Of course Edythe and Archie weren't really related (in Forks the story was that all the Cullen siblings were adopted by Dr. Carine Cullen and her husband, Earnest, both plainly too young to have teenage children), but their skin was precisely the same pale shade, their eyes had the same strange golden tint, with the same deep, bruise-like shadows beneath them. His face, like hers, was also startlingly beautiful. To someone in the know-someone like me-these similarities marked them for what they were. The sight of Archie waiting there-his eyes full of excitement, and a small silver-wrapped square in his hands-made me frown. I'd told Archie I didn't want anything, anything , not gifts or even attention, for my birthday. Obviously, my wishes were being ignored. I slammed the door of my '53 Chevy truck-a shower fluttered down to the wet blacktop-and walked slowly toward where they waited. Archie leaned away from the Volvo and walked towards me. "Happy birthday, Beau." "Shhh." I hissed waving my hands from side to side, glancing around the lot to make sure no one had heard him. The last thing I wanted was some kind of celebration of the black event. He ignored me. "You want to open your present now or later?" he asked eagerly as we made our way to where Edythe still waited. "No presents," I protested in a mumble. He finally seemed to process my mood. "Okay… later, then. Did you like the scrapbook your mom sent you? And the camera from Charlie?" I sighed. Of course he would know what my birthday presents were. Edythe wasn't the only member of her family with unusual skills. Archie would have "seen" what my parents were planning as soon as they'd decided that themselves. "Yeah. They're fine." "I think it was a good idea. You're only a senior once. Might as well document the experience." "How many times have you been a senior?" "That's different." We reached Edythe then, and she held out her hand for mine. I took it eagerly, forgetting, for a moment, my grumpy mood. Her skin was, as always, smooth, soft, and very cold. She gave my fingers a gentle squeeze. I looked into her liquid topaz eyes, and my heart gave a not-quite-so-gentle squeeze of its own. Hearing the stutter in my heartbeats, she smiled again. She lifted her free hand and traced her cool fingertips across my jawline as she spoke. "So, as discussed, I am not allowed to wish you a happy birthday, is that correct?" "Yes. That is correct." I could never quite mimic the flow of her perfect, formal articulation. It was something that could only be picked up in an earlier century. "Just checking." She ran her hand through her tangled bronze hair. "You might have changed your mind. Most people seem to enjoy things like birthdays and gifts." Archie laughed, and the sound was all silver, wind chime. "Of course you'll enjoy it. Everyone is supposed to be nice to you today and give you your way, Beau. What's the worst that could happen?" He meant it as a rhetorical question. "Getting older," I answered anyway, and my voice was not as steady as I wanted it to be. Beside me, Edythe's smile tightened into a hard line. "Eighteen isn't very old," Archie said. "Don't humans usually wait till they're twenty-nine to get upset over birthdays?" "It's older that Edythe," I mumbled. She sighed. "Technically," he said, keeping a light tone. "Just by one little year, though." And I supposed… if I could be sure of the future I wanted, sure that I would get to spend forever with Edythe, and Archie and the rest of the Cullens (preferably not as a wrinkled old man)... then a year or two one direction or the other wouldn't matter to me so much. But Edythe was dead set against any future that changed me. Any future that made me like her-that made me immortal, too. An impasse, she called it. I couldn't really see Edythe's point, to be honest. What was so great about mortality? Being a vampire didn't look like such a terrible thing-not the way the Cullens did it, anyway. "What time will you be at the house?" Archie continued, changing the subject. From his expression, they were up to something. "I didn't know I had plans to be there." "Oh, come on!" he complained. "You aren't going to ruin all our fun like that, are you?" "I thought my birthday was about what I want." "I'll get him from Charlie's right after