Recently I rewatched (and reread) the entirety of the Hunger Games because of Mockingjay Part 1. This is the result. It's a base rewrite from a different perspective. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games Keep Your Eyes To The Sky The phrase had different meanings. But there was only one meaning that mattered. A hand claps him sharply on his back as they enter the southern workplace. This is his first time in the southern one; normally he is up on the north side, but a worker for the south is sick and, as he's still not technically an adult yet, he is one of many who are repurposed until he gets assigned a permanent workplace. Every workplace has different amenities and different quotas. The south one has a higher quota than the north, which is why he is needed down here instead of up in the north like he is usually posted. Unlike the north, the southern workplace doesn't have any bell to signal break times or the end of the work shift. The southern workplace has more accidents than the northern one. He is nervous, and worried, and isn't too sure about this switch, but it was too late to protest. "Don't worry about anything," The old man who claps him on the back says, grinning. "We gotta real angel lookin' after us, you hear boy? Just keep your eyes to the sky, and I don't doubt that you'll get a glimpse a' her." He doesn't believe in angels, not really, but he doesn't question the old man. His mother always taught him to respect his elders and not to talk back, and he's not about to ignore her teachings now. He's just going to keep his head down and do his work, and hopefully before too long he'll be done, and placed back at the northern workplace. Hours into the work shift, not nearly time for break but getting close, he hears the ruffling of leaves and branches above him. Confused and curious, he looks up, because there shouldn't be anyone up above him in the trees. The branches are too brittle to hold someone. But there is. There is someone above him. It is a little girl, perched on a branch, grinning down at him like a mischievous monkey. She swings down so she's hanging upside down off of her branch to be closer to him, but she's small enough that he has to stand on his branch to make up the difference. "Never seen you here before," She comments casually, chewing on a piece of fruit. The juice drips off her fingers, and she licks them and wipes her hands on her shirt. She's completely confident and at ease hanging from the branch even though it's an incredible distance from her perch to the ground below. "Not normally posted here," He tells the girl. She nods as if she expected this answer, and swings herself back right-side up on the branch. Without another word, she waves at him, and then is vanishing through the foliage onto the next tree. He turns back to his work and hopes that time will go quickly. Recounting the experience to the same old man who had talked to him on the way down to the workplace after the shift ends, and the old man laughs and slaps his back again. "Sounds like you saw our little angel!" He guffaws. "Ain't she just a little darling?" He isn't too sure, because he didn't have that big of an interaction with her, so he remains silent. The old man takes this as an assent to his words though. Unfortunately for him, (or maybe fortunately, he isn't too sure) he's kept at the southern workplace for two weeks. He runs into the little girl at some point every day while he's working there, and before he consciously realizes it, he actively starts looking for the girl, keeping his eyes to the sky to catch a glimpse of her as she races from tree to tree. Before he realizes it, he starts to care for her, like a sister. The old man assures him that it's nothing new, and that everyone who spends time at their workplace starts to care for their angel. By the time the two weeks are up and he's sent back to the north, he finds that he misses her. The next time the southern workplace needs a worker, he volunteers. "Thought you didn't like it here," She comments, raised above him like a higher being. She's younger than him, covered in dirt, but she has an innocent shine to her, like the disparities of the district doesn't bother her. Like she's accepted it. "I like the northern workplace better," He admits because it is true, "But you guys needed someone to fill in down here, and I figured it would be better to have someone who has already come down here before than trying to put someone else in." She hums thoughtfully, before spying a mockingjay on a branch level with her, and singing at it. It's a different tune than the one he's gotten used to her singing to signal breaks and the end of the work shift. The mockingjay mimics the tune, and all of a sudden the entire workplace is filled with the sound of mockingjays singing her tune. He doesn't know why she did that, but then again, he doesn't really need an explanation. No one needs an explanation for all the things they do, after all. Still, even though he doesn't ask, he gets what he guesses is an answer when the shift ends for the day. "So, I guess you really do like it here, don'tcha?" The old man walks with him as they dismiss for the day. He's not sure how the old man got that impression, but he doesn't deny. "Yeah," he shrugs. "A bit, I guess." "What would you say if I offered you the chance to work here officially?" The old man asks. "I can pull some strings to get you assigned to the southern workplace if you want it." "I'd say I would have to think about it," He says, before politely tacking on, "Sir." He decides that it's only polite to be formal with someone who is offering him a job. "Well, go ahead and think about it boy," The old man claps him on the back once more. "And get back to me as soon as you have an answer for me." "I will," He nods, and already decides in his head that he will take the old man up on his offer of a job in the southern work place. He never gets to take him up on his offer. He is eighteen years old. This is his last year to participate in the reaping. This is his last year to avoid being placed in the annual Hunger Games. He fails. This year, boys are picked before girls. Their District's liaison to the capital dips his hand into the fishbowl of male names, reaches it toward the middle, and pulls one. The liaison pauses, for effect undoubtedly, before calling the male tribute's name. Before calling his name. Six years of not having his name called, six years of being able to breathe easy after the reaping, being able to say thank you, thank you for not picking me, his luck has run out. He's been reaped. There's no one willing to volunteer for him so after he ascends the stage he stands in silence until the liaison draws the name of the female tribute. When the liaison calls the name, he doesn't recognize the name, but he recognizes the face. The female tribute is only twelve. Sure figures, not only does he have rotten luck this year, but a little kid gets chosen as well. He recognizes the face though. It's her. The angel of the southern workplace. She isn't crying as she climbs up onto the stage, but she is smiling. It's a sad smile, a rueful one. No one volunteers for her either. The anthem plays, and then the reaping is done, and they are led inside the justice building. Before they are inside though, but after the cameras have left, a sound rings out behind them, causing both of them to stop. It's a whistle, just four notes, but both of them recognize it. It's the song she sings to the mockingjays to signal the end of the work shift. One person whistles it, then three, then ten, and then the entire group is whistling it. She smiles, and sings it back, just once, not even loud enough for everyone to hear it, and that causes everyone to stop. She gives a small wave before they are inside, and separated from the rest of their district for the first, and last, time. They are allotted an hour to say their farewells to family and friends. He is not on good terms with his family, and he does not have many friends. He does not expect a visit. He gets a visit. It's from the old man that offered him a job at the southern workplace. Even though he is a foot taller than the old man, the old man pulls him into a hug, pulling his head down into his shoulder as if expecting him to cry. To be truthful, part of him does want to. "Tough luck," The old man says as he releases him, which is the truth. He means no malice, no ill will; he is just stating the truth. "I was going to say yes," He blurts out, unprompted. "To working in the southern workplace, I mean. I was going to take the job." The old man looks sad, but he nods, like he knew that was going to be his answer. A Peacekeeper comes to take him away, but he stops the old man. "Can you ask someone to visit me?" He asks, "If it's not too much trouble?" "I suppose, if I can find them before visits are over," The old man agrees, rubbing his beard thoughtfully. "Who is it, son?" He tells him, and the old man clicks his tongue before asking him if he is sure. He is sure. Ten minutes later he has the visitor he requested. He stands when the visitor enters the room, and walks over to him. There are tears in his visitor's eyes, only showing how upset he is. "Sir," He shakes the other's hand, and introduces himself. "I wanted to tell you that I am going to do my best to make sure your daughter makes it." Because this is the angel's father. "You don't have to do that," Her father shakes his head, before saying, "I'd rather you didn't do that. Say that." He's a bit taken aback. "Why?" He can't help but asking. "Because I know how it always goes!" Her father erupts angrily, obviously trying to keep his temper but not quite succeeding. "The promises of keeping each other safe, before inevitably turning on one another and tearing out each other's throats. I'm not going to listen to a promise that will just be broken." And he doesn't listen to anything else he might have to say. He turns and strides out of the room without needing the Peacekeeper to come in and escort him out. He feels guilty, knows that her father is referring to the 68th Annual Games where two of the last three competitors were from their district. They had been left to believe they were the last ones left, and tried to tear the other's throat out to win. Both of them had died, and it allowed the last competitor, a girl from District 9, to be the victor that year. Still, he decides he wants to do his best to keep an eye on her. Do his best to make sure she survives as long as