Note: I'm not really an expert on religion and the backgrounds of angels and demons, but I do know the basics. Either way, I pulled most of this out of my ass and ran whatever I came up with. I had a lot of fun writing this thought. I have no idea how I made this story even the slightest bit humorous, it was not done on purpose, but I somehow did it anyway. I blame it on Percy for not being able to take shit seriously, Will being so...himself, even demons. And Nico being his usual cute baby loner teenage self. A Warning: If you watch the show Stalker with Maggie Q and you haven't see the last few episodes you will meet some spoilers….kinda? He was not a creature that belonged. He was not welcomed in hell, and he certainly wasn't welcomed in heaven, and neither of the beings he was crossed with really belonged on earth, but that was where he stayed anyways. It was an in between place, and he was a in between guy, he supposed. It was one of the many burdens of being an angel-demon hybrid. He had been walking the earth since around the Middle Ages, since his mother, an angel, and his father, a demon, had created him and left him all alone to fend for himself. Even as a child, Nico had known he did not belong anywhere, not even with the human couple who had found him as a baby, raised him and died long ago. He could hardly remember their faces anymore, and had long forgotten their names. Nico did not look like he was anything but human. He did not have the horns of a demon, nor the wings of an angel. He had dark hair, dark eyes, and pale skin; he didn't know which parent he looked like thought. He had seen demons and angels of all coloring, and something as simple as hair color had nothing to do with determining which was which. Personality wise, Nico thought he was no angel, but he also knew wasn't evil or cruel. He did not want bad things to happen to innocent people, he did not want hatred and demonic urges such as murder and greed to spread. That being said, he was not sure why this angel was having such a problem with him. He had met many angels and demons over his few hundred years. Some he had befriended, like the angel Reyna, and Hazel, who was actually his half-sister and shockingly nice for a demon. But most did not like him. Like this one for example. He had never met her before, but he swore she reminded him of someone. She was tall and tan with short, spiky black hair and ice cold blue eyes. She was dressed head to toe in silver and wore combat boots with iron tips. "Listen," Nico said, voice pleating with her. "I wasn't doing anything wrong, I swear!" He was panting slightly and havily injured, he had a large cut running down the side of his left shoulder and a slash across his lower back. "Do you expect me to believe you, hybrid?" The angel demanded, her eyes narrowing. Nico winced slightly at the word, but held his ground. "Is it a crime to exist?" he wanted to know. "It's a crime to spread corruption." She said, walking closer to him, her wings were big and light blue with a few silver feathers here and there that matched her outfit. He wasn't sure if Angels could change the color of their wings, or if she simply dressed to match them. He had never had any wings, after all. "I wasn't spreading corruption-I was just trying to help the little girl!" Nico said. "You were whispering filth in her little ears." She said, her sharp eyes narrowing. "I was not!" Nico said. "I told her to go back to her mother!" The angel pursed her lips. "Why should I believe you? You demons have sinful tongues and alluring voices, you could have been persuading her into a lifetime of urges for committing crimes! I should slay you here and now!" She walked towards him, her aura a blinding white that made him want to shield his eyes, but he couldn't. She grabbed him roughly and was about to slam him against the building of the dingy aisle she had cornered him in. The only thing that stopped her was a sharp voice that came from behind her, "Thalia!" The voice said sharply, Nico instantly calmed when he realized who it was. "Release him at once." Thalia's lip curled but she released him, making him fall onto the ground. Nico moaned in pain as glass dug into his palms, adding to his wounds. Reyna stood at the beginning of the alley way, her arms crossed tightly and her eyes sharp and dark. Contrary to popular belief, not all angels' wings were white. They came in all colors and shades, even dark gray, though he had never seen black. Reyna's wings were even bigger then Thalia's, they started light purple at the tops and ended in a midnight purple at the bottoms. She was wearing a white Roman fashioned dress and golden, chunky heeled ankle boots. Nico had always envied her wardrobe-or more so the fashion that was always opened to her. Nico could not change his clothing at will like demons or angels, he had to go out and buy them like humans, though he thought he had made himself a nice collection over the years. Reyna turned her back to the other angel when she reached them and held out a hand for Nico. He took it loosely, wincing softly at the pain in his palms, shoulder and back. Reyna heaved him up and took both his hands in hers, healing them as best she could. Healing was one of the few powers he had taken from his parents, but it would have taken at least an entire day. They would be left scarred and a little red, but at least they'd be healed. "Thank you, Reyna." Reyna's brown eyes softened and she gave him a small nod before turning to Thalia. "Thalia," she said coldly, standing in front of Nico in a stance that could be described as nothing else but protective. "What was your reason for attacking a friend of mine?" Thalia looked a little confused. "A friend? Reyna's he's a-" "Friend of mine." Reyna repeated herself. "Who has done nothing wrong and was attacked by you for no reason other than your own prejudices." "Prejudices?" Thalia spat. "I'm an angel. And he-he is a demon." "On the contrary," Reyna said lightly. "He is also an angel." "A dirty hybrid." Thalia said coldly. Reyna's eyes darkened and she moved towards the angel. "Go find demonic spreading somewhere else, will you? And by that I mean ones that are actually happening." Thalia scowled darkly at Nico, but to his surprise she listened, in an instant she was gone. But it shouldn't have surprised him, Reyna was one of the most powerful and high ranked warriors of heaven. Reyna turned towards him, one of her hands clasping around his wrist and pulling it close for her to inspect. "I am not the best healer," she said softly. "They will scare." "I'm used to them, Reyna, you know that." Nico said, sticking his hands in the pockets of his black sweatshirt. "Thank you for saving me, I was frightened she might…" Nico trailed off and looked at his feet, softly kicking at the ground. He was afraid she might have killed him. Nico was terrified of death, because he did not know where he would end up. Hell? A lost spirit wondering the world forever? Or perhaps Purgatory, the in between place of the dead. In-between, just like he was. Reyna inspected his other wounds and did the best she could with healing them. She got them to stop bleeding, but they were still half open and throbbing. They were suddenly joined by two other figures, both of whom he recognized and both angels. Neither of them were exactly friends, but they had never tried to harm Nico or make false claims against him. Both of them were men, one of them had ice blue eyes and light blond hair, he was tall and very tan with a scar of his lip, his name was Jason. The other was tall as well, tan, with windswept black hair and eyes the color of the sea. His name was Percy. Jason's wings were, strangely, light lavender, while Percy's were a dark blue, almost navy. They wore modern day youth clothing. There was once a time when his cheeks would have flushed with the red of a thousand cherries at the sight of Percy, but that had been over three centuries ago when he realized he could never be with him, he could never be with anyone. Not a demon. Not an angel. Not a human. No one would ever want him. "Reyna, what's wrong? My sister sent us a distress call." Jason said. Oh. Now Nico realized why Thalia had reminded him of someone. She and Jason had the same height, icy blue eyes, and bright tan. Reyna's cheeks colored so faintly one would have thought it was a trick of the light. Nico was the only one who knew of Reyna's affections for Jason. Just like she was the only one who knew about his love for Percy all those years ago. Well, besides Hazel and Leo. "Your sister is a fool at times." Reyna said. "She overreacted." "Overreacted?" Percy laughed. "Thalia? Never ." "What happened?" Jason asked, ignoring his friend's obnoxious laughter. Reyna stepped aside and allowed them to see Nico, who had his head down and was as close to the alley wall as he could get without rubbing his wound against the dirty bricks. Percy grinned at the sight of him as Jason eyed him a little suspiciously. "Hey, Nico!" Percy grinned widely. Sometimes Nico thought that Percy forgot he was part demon. "How's it going? What were ya doin this time? Taking more than one sticker at the pediatrician's office again?" "Technically that would be stealing." Jason grumbled, "Loosen up, Jace!" Percy said. "Sometimes I wonder about you, Percy." Jason said, rolling his eyes at Reyna who simply shook her head. "The sticker thing only happened once," Nico grumbled, avoiding all their eyes in irritation, gesturing wildly with his hands. "I couldn't help it, they were Mythomagic." "What happened to you, Nico?" Percy asked, curiously, looking at his cut up sweatshirt and injuries. "Thalia did it," Reyna said, putting her booted heel down on a clump of brown glass, her nose wrinkled at the strong stench of old beer. "I was thinking of letting Will have a look at him." Jason grunted in agreement. "That would be alright, I suppose. As long as he didn't do anything wrong, I don't see why he deserves the wounds." For some reason he was looking at Nico's face, hair and clothes very seriously, eyebrows scrunched together. He had only met Jason once or twice before under heavy battle in which Nico had offered some assistance. He was not very good at quick healing like real angels and demons, but he had other powers. He could do magic with shadows, darkness, dreams and the earth. They were things neither of the races had ever seen before. There was a group of demons going after a group of online friends that had met up and gone camping in the woods, a good twenty or so girls in tents under the stars and away from civilization in the mountains. They would have been a fine feast, if not for the angels. And Nico. It had been Reyna's idea, she had underestimated the amount of demons in the group and had called on Nico to