Hi, everyone. So…I've come up with this new story idea. How, you ask? Well, I'll tell you. I've read some pretty awesome fics where writers put realistic spins on the games. Basically, the games still happened, but in a more modern world. This got me thinking and those thoughts eventually became this story. Before I start, I claim no ownership to either The Hunger Games books/movies or the Final Destination Movies. Both are so awesome and I could never create anything even close to that level of awesome. Instead, I just blended elements of both into this unique story. I'm not using this story to make money either. I have my own much more original and unique stories for that purpose years down the road. This is going to be dark. Much more so than Austin , Vacation of a Lifetime , and Yours To Hold . Heck, it's even going to be darker than Just A Dream . I just wanted to make sure that everyone was prepared for that. You need to know what you're getting into. Haha. Lastly, I don't know the last time I wrote an action/thriller type story (if I ever did), so I may be quite rusty. Regardless, please enjoy! Chapter 1: Camping Trip The weather was perfect for late July. It was not as hot as it could be, a breeze cooled the summer air a little more, and the humidity was low. This was perfect weather for camping and fifteen young men and women were excited for their vacation as they loaded themselves into three vehicles, including Gale Hawthorne's beat-up, old silver Toyota Camry, Peeta Mellark's upbeat new deep blue Chevy Impala, and weekend mentors Haymitch Abernathy and Effie Trinket's Chrysler Town and Country. Haymitch and Effie had scouted the location out prior and had found the best spot to put up several tents for the teenagers. Because of that, they led the other drivers, Gale followed them, Peeta followed Gale, Cato after Peeta, and so on. Katniss Everdeen and her little sister, Prim, to no one's surprise made sure to find themselves in a seat in Gale's car. Everyone knew this would be the case since Katniss was dating Gale. The drive from the initial meeting spot to the campground took about an hour and a half. Haymitch and Effie clearly took the word "retreat" literally. When they arrived at the campsite, everyone got out of their cars and started to unload their supplies. Just because they would be gone for only a few days didn't mean that they still hadn't stocked up on the essentials. Because it would not take 30 people to set a campsite (and would probably only hinder the progress anyway), a group decided to go exploring. This left Katniss, Peeta, Gale, Haymitch, Effie, and Cato to set up the many tents around the campsite. Peeta and Cato teamed up to begin tackling one of the tents while Gale joined their weekend mentors. Katniss felt out of place. Why had she not just gone and joined the others on their exploration hike? What could she do around here when it seemed that the guys…and Effie had everything under control? Turning her attention from the set-up crews, Katniss spun around to observe the surroundings. In the distance was a high mountain that looked as if it could've been a volcano at one point in time. Surrounding the mountain was an abundant forest. How she wished that she had brought her bow and arrows. She knew that Gale would enjoy hunting with her in these woods. Heck, they didn't even have to hunt, they could just use the settings for target practice. She promised her mom and Prim, though, that she would not spend all weekend hunting with Gale. Prim…her sister was not at the campsite so she must've gone exploring with the others. Katniss was okay with that because she knew that her little sister's best friend, Rue, would be there with her. When she had gotten a feeling for her surroundings, she shut her eyes and allowed herself to just feel the breeze toss her braid across her back. What a nice day it was. "Katniss!" she heard the call, but didn't turn immediately. Her presence wasn't needed at the moment. Maybe she had heard her name drifted on the wind. "Katniss!" This time, there was more urgency in the voice, so she turned around and saw Peeta holding up one of the main poles that Cato had put together for the tent they were working on. Peeta had already staked down the tent and was now placing the poles that would provide the tent's support. "Finally! Can you help me out here? I need you to place the other side of this pole while I place this side, okay?" Finally? How many times did he call my name before I registered that he was doing so? With a nod, Katniss hesitantly walked to the side opposite Peeta. She had never done this before. What if she did it wrong? As it turned out, it wasn't too hard. Once it was placed, they both stood up and Peeta checked to make sure the pole would hold. Confident in their work, he directed her to do the same for the other pole. "It's too quiet here. We need some music!" Effie chirped as she strolled over a bin where a battery-powered radio sat on top. How the heck does she move so quickly across this rocky ground in those stilettos? Katniss wondered. Setting up the radio, she tuned it in to the clearest station which was playing an 80's song that Katniss had heard a few times. I cannot lie From you I cannot hide And I'm losing the will to try Can't hide it Can't fight it So go on Go on Come on Leave me breathless Tempt me Tease me until I can't deny this loving feeling (Loving feeling) Make me long for your kiss Go on Go on Yeah Come on "Much better!" Effie chirped again before returning to the tent where Haymitch and Gale were now working on the poles as well. "Okay, Katniss. This time, me and Cato will place the poles. You go into the tent and hold up the center where the poles will meet. That will better help to apply support and then we can fix it if necessary." Katniss walked into the tent and held the center up as high as it would go until Peeta and Cato told her that the poles had set successfully and would handle the support on their own. As she exited the tent, she heard a sound like an explosion and the ground shook, bringing her to her knees. What the…? Looking directly in front of her, she noticed that the mountain she had noticed earlier was spewing red-hot lava, angry as it flowed swiftly through the forest toward the campsite. She felt Gale pull her back up to her feet just as Peeta yelled, "Run!" Peeta and Cato took the lead with Katniss and Gale following. Haymitch and Effie paced behind them, but the going was slower because Effie could not run as well in her stilettos as she thought that she could. Gale, always the compassionate one, dropped back to assist them. Katniss was about to do the same, but Gale looked straight into her eyes and told her, "No, follow Peeta and Cato, Katniss! I'll catch up. I promise. Now, go!" The other boys were already a good distance away so it took a steady run for Katniss to catch up to them. "Where are the others?" Cato asked her as she approached. "They're…coming. What's going on?" "That dormant mountain is erupting. It used to be a really active volcano back in the day, so this could get really ugly," Peeta explained. The three hid in a bush and watched as the lava crept closer and closer to their hiding spot. All Katniss could think about was Prim. Even if Rue was here too, why had she ever left her younger sister out of her sight? She had already lost her father and she had practically lost her mother to depression. She didn't need to lose her sister now too. Glancing back, she saw that Gale and Haymitch had each taken a side to support Effie and run a little faster. Silently, she cheered them on until she noticed the lava behind them. A scream lodged in her throat as she tried to warn them, but it was too late. The lava overtook them, burying them quickly and ending their lives instantly. Katniss cried out for them and threatened to run, but Peeta's strong arms gripped her instantly. "Katniss, no! We have to move or we won't survive either!" She tried to protest, but he picked her up and ran alongside Cato. Eventually, Katniss grew weary of kicking and screaming and just let him run. Sometime along the way, a fair distance from the volcano, they met up with the group of teenagers who had gone exploring. Cato immediately ran to Clove, asking her if she was okay. She nodded, but told him that they had lost some of the others. Katniss scanned the group at least three times, but she could not find Prim. Pushing out of Peeta's arms, she ran toward the group. "Prim! Prim!" A soft voice stopped her screams. "I'm sorry, Katniss…" Turning toward the voice, Katniss noticed Rue with a sorrowful expression. "Rue! Where is she? Where is Prim? What happened to her?" "We were running away from the lava and trying to find the rest of you. Along the way, she tripped over a tree root. She was fine, but her ankle was twisted. She…she didn't make it." Katniss pictured it happening, but all she could see was Prim dying in much the same way as Gale. How could this happen? In a span of less than a half hour, she had lost the two most important people to her. In total, there had been six immediate casualties of the volcano. That left nine remaining group members. All were on edge, but, luckily, the lava flow had stopped and a feeling of safety returned…at least, for the moment. The group huddled together, all shaking with fear. Katniss crept to the edge of their clearing to look at the volcano which was still slowly spewing angry lava. Nearby, she heard a soft humming. It seemed to be coming from near her feet. Looking down, she noticed a nest of tracker jackers, a type of wasp whose venom could be potentially lethal. They seemed disoriented somehow by the lava and Katniss sure as heck did not want them anywhere near her, so she turned and gave the nest a swift kick. Only when she heard a scream and a loud buzzing did she learn that she had kicked the nest right into the face of Glimmer, one of the girls in the group. Immediately, Marvel, Glimmer's boyfriend rounded on Katniss. "What the heck was that for? I thought we were allies. Well, it doesn't matter. I'm gonna rip you to pieces," he claimed, breaking off a sharp branch to use like a spear. Katniss braced for the attack. She was ready to die. At least then she could see Gale and Prim again. However, it wasn't meant to be as little Rue jumped between her and the spear. With a small smile, her face reflected peace and the life drained from it. Marvel was not satisfied and Katniss knew that he wouldn't be until he had done the same to Katniss. He advanced again, but she, swift on her feet, side-stepped the attack at the last minute. The branch in Marvel's hand hit the tree behind Katniss and ricocheted back, finding his throat. The volcano continued to boom as more and more died. Each boom sounded like a cannon echoing throughout the valley. It was unbelievable