Disclaimer: Anything you recognize belongs to JKR! Enjoy! Chapter 1 – There's Irony in Anonymity I frowned as I slowly made my way out of the Great Hall, the raucous students swirling around me as they jabbered on about their summers or what happened on the train ride or how much they were going to drink during this upcoming weekend. Hadn't they noticed that Hagrid wasn't here? Hadn't they heard the Sorting Hat's new song? And didn't they just hear what our new Defense professor had just said? The Ministry was infiltrating Hogwarts. Why would Fudge do that? Did he not trust Dumbledore? Was this because of what had happened to Cedric? My heart shifted uncomfortably in my chest as I remembered the Tri-Wizard Tournament. Cedric was one of the few people at school that would actually make an effort to talk to me. He hadn't cared if his friends laughed when he sat down next to me during breakfast, and he would always tell me to come see his quidditch matches. He'd even invite me to study with him in the library. I breathed a sigh of relief once I had made it into the Entrance Hall. I always hated the traffic jam that swelled when everyone tried to leave the feast at the same time…I didn't much care for crowds. All those people in the same place, talking at once? It made me nervous to say the least. I peeled off to the left, turning down the corridor towards my common room. I saw students sneaking off into the dimly lit halls, no doubt to drink and snog, and spotted my own two dormmates, Grace and Noel, among them. I would have the room to myself for a good two hours. As I came up to the stack of barrels, a redheaded figure suddenly tumbled out of the kitchens, shoving me against the wall. I caught my bearings as three small boys sprinted past, yelling about going to steal someone's knickers. "Sorry!" Slowly, I turned my head to face George Weasley, or was it Fred? Either way, both of them were standing in front of me, looking sheepish. "What were you doing? You're not allowed to go in there," I stated, trying my best to assert authority into my voice. The twin standing furthest from me raised his eyebrows in shock. "Hey! She can talk!" "Fred, shut up!" The one who had jostled me, who must have been George, elbowed his brother. "So sorry for him and terribly sorry for bumping into you, madame." I ignored his gallant bow, unamused by his antics. "I could dock points, you know." Both of them stopped for a moment to peer at the shiny, gold Prefect's badge that was placed on my robes. "Ah," George said with a solemn nod. "So you could. But I would like to argue my case here, if you don't mind, you see-" Being stared at by two of the most infamous people in the school so intently was starting to make me sweat. "You know what?" I interrupted. "I'm not going to. First night back and all. So uh, good night!" Without looking back at either of them, I dashed down the hall to the barrels, tapped the correct one to the rhythm of Helga Hufflepuff, and all but dove through the tunnel it created. As soon as the passageway was sealed once more and my feet hit the thick, brown rug that I'd come to associate with home, I breathed a sigh of relief. I made my way over to the hallway that led to the various dormitories, completely unsurprised as no one so much as looked up at me. I didn't have any friends here, mainly acquaintances. In first year, everyone had been so eager to meet one another, and had formed all these clusters of people that, over the years, had become close mates. Me, on the other hand, had been so terrified of the strangers I was surrounded by, that I had spent the entire train ride in the loo with a book, Tuck Everlasting to be exact. At the Welcome Back Feast, I had been nodded at politely and congratulated by a few of my new housemates, but I had immediately buried my face in my book as the sorting continued, afraid to even look up for fear of catching someone's eye. I had made an attempt to speak to the other two girls that had been sorted along with me, but I was so shy and awkward that I couldn't even tell them my name. They'd declared me a freak and spent the night showing one another their lip gloss collections. So, the years dragged on and I became more and more accustomed to being alone. I honestly didn't mind. It meant that I got a lot of reading done, and I never had to stay up late to do my homework, because it was usually finished before dinner. With a sigh of contentment, I shut and locked the door to my dormitory behind me, releasing my satchel on my bed. It was the one furthest from the bathroom, as Grace and Noel had claimed the others in first year, but I didn't mind, because it was right next to a window that overlooked the quidditch pitch. Despite my fear of heights, the sport fascinated me. I'd played football when I was younger, but had always been too busy thinking about whatever book I was currently reading to focus much on the game. Quidditch was different though. It was so fast-paced, it was unbelievable how swiftly and fearlessly the players moved. I'd loved watching Cedric play, because he always looked so happy up in the air. And he was always so modest when he caught the snitch. I wandered into the bathroom and turned on the faucet to the shower, allowing the heat to fog up the mirror as I slowly undressed, depositing my various bottles of soap and shampoo onto the shelf. This is what I always did the first night back. I would shower, unpack, then curl up in bed with the curtains drawn, reading until I could no longer keep my eyes open. I liked routines. They were safe. And certain. Once out of the shower, I brushed out my hair and settled into my usual pajamas of a hole-filled, gray jumper and white cotton pants, and nestled under my covers with my copy of To Kill a Mockingbird. It was my favorite, and would have fallen apart years ago had it not been for a bit of magic at the binding. As I picked back up with the Ewells, I heard the door unlock. The lights were turned back on and whoever it was sniffed a few times, muffling tears as they quietly entered the bathroom. She was alone? And crying? Gently I peeled back my hangings, noticing the satchel that had been tossed on the bed next to mine; Grace. I slid out of bed and made my way over to the locked, mahogany door. I knocked. "Grace? Is everything all right?" The tap immediately turned on. "What? Oh, I'm fine! I just stubbed my toe is all." Her voice was thick with tears. For a moment my words caught in my throat as I contemplated why I was even standing there. Then I steeled my nerves. "I know we're not friends, but if you want to talk…I'm a pretty good listener. Not a great talker, but, you know that…" I mumbled the last part to myself and turned to head back to my bed. The door slowly opened behind me. "Do you mind?" "No! No, of course not." I tucked my damp hair behind my ear and observed her unkempt blonde hair and smudged makeup. Almost nervously, Grace settled herself on her bed opposite me. "It's just…it's Noel. She's been distant this whole summer. You know we only hung out once? And that was right after school let out, in June. Turns out it's because she's been seeing Patrick Bagby." My eyes widened. Grace had fancied Patrick since third year. "Do you think she knew that you liked him?" I asked timidly. "Oh yeah, she knew," Grace sniffed bitterly. Her sparkly, purple nails shredded the tissue in her hands. "She did it to get back at me for snogging Martin Applebee last spring, but he kissed me! And we were playing Spin the Bottle." I remembered the blowout that had happened. They hadn't realized I was in my bed when they'd started having a go at one another. I learned quite a bit about both of them; mainly, that they had snogged a lot of boys. My fingers traced the paisley pattern of my bedsheets. "Well…have you talked with her about this? You know, tried to listen to her side of the story?" "Her side of the story is that she's a slut!" she burst out shrilly. I pursed my lips. "Perhaps she fancies him too. She might not have ever told you, because she was afraid it might upset you. And she's probably really sorry." The blonde narrowed her eyes. "I don't care. You don't do that to a friend! You just don't! If someone that was your friend tried to do that to the boy that you fancied, would you be all right with it?" Well, I had no friends, and Cedric was… But I guess if I did, then I wouldn't much like it. "No," I whispered, fighting back the sobs that I could feel climbing up my throat. "Exactly," Grace said quietly, and without any satisfaction. There was a knock on the door. "Grace? I know you're in there. Will you please come out, so we can talk? Just let me explain!" More knocking. "Grace!" She looked at me uncertainly. "…should I go?" I was taken aback. Not only was she confiding in me, she was asking for my opinion. I considered it. On one hand, if Grace was angry with Noel, perhaps she would start sitting with me at meals and in classes, and I could finally have a friend. On the other hand, if the two were fighting all year, it would be a very uncomfortable sleeping environment. I nodded. "All right," she muttered, smoothing out her skirt and flicking back her hair as she stood and walked over to the door. "Thanks Prudence." I gave a small smile, and closed my hangings as she closed the door. Their voices faded as they headed back towards the common room, and I picked up my book once more, only to find out that I wasn't able to concentrate on the words. I was suddenly overcome with memories of Cedric…the way he'd looked walking down the corridor, so confidently, with his smile pasted on his face as he made his way to Charms class…him tutoring first years in the library, his brow crinkled and his fingers blackened with ink. He was so kind. He was just a genuine person. You didn't find someone like that very often. I couldn't believe that he wasn't here with us, laughing in the common room or getting ready for bed in his dormitory. He wasn't head boy this year; instead, Charles Goldstein took his place. Martin Applebee was now our quidditch captain. I folded up on my side, placing my book and wand onto my bedside table. I wondered how Cho Chang was doing. I hadn't seen her at the feast, although I hadn't really been looking. I'd mostly been staring at the space next to Patrick and Martin that was left empty. Perhaps Cedric was the reason that Professor Umbridge was at our school. Did this mean that Minister Fudge was actually concerned about You-Know-Who? Did he believe that he was back, like Harry Potter said? The thought was too awful to bear. He had done so much damage the first time. A second period of terror under his reign sent a