The chapter has been edited so reread if you wish. Disclaimer: Harry Potter and the affiliated characters and stories are the property of J.K. Rowling. This particular plot is mine, however. And to make it seem more cohesive to the original stories I am using some of the lines from them, but they are not my material. They came from the excellent mind of their owner. Author's Notes: AU warning: I am changing the romantic pairing for Hermione and moving the time frame up a decade. Meaning first year happened in 2001. If you do not like this then please don't read. Rating: M if you're not mature enough please, do not read any further. I am doing this to be safe. Feedback is welcome flames are not. I will take constructive criticism however. Shadows of the Past Chapter One: From Dawn to Darkness Hecate sat on the darkened beach thinking back on the few months of tragedy and all she could do was shake her head. War had torn her people into two camps: those who wanted peace, and those who desired conquest. This did not sit well with the young mage. Her namesake and patron the goddess of magic had foretold these things would happen, and yet no one would listen to her. They just asked her to pick sides, so she chose peace. Her best friend and lover Leto had agreed this was the best choice for the nation. The brunette laughed at this. Not only were people listening to them for once they actually seemed to care what the couple had to say for once. They usually listened to Magnus (Leto's brother and one of her oldest friends), but he was pushing for their people to go to war something they had not done in generations. A flash of green from her wrist meant Leto was trying to be sneaky. Deciding to indulge her girlfriend Hecate leant back and closed her eyes. Instead of feeling the usual embrace from the raven haired woman her head hit the sand. Looking down to her wrist she found the amulet around her wrist was gone. " My dear you are quite the thief. You know that will get you into trouble one of these days." " So I'm told, but I have yet to BE caught." The best spy in the nation kissed her gently on the lips. " You know my sweet just like the goddess of thieves and secrets, whose name you bare, you a quite elusive." " Well, Hecate you have cast a spell on me, my dear." The raven haired woman placed her forehead against the other woman's. They held each other close even as Hecate felt a callus gaze falling down on them. As she whispered affirmations of her love to Leto the brunette heard the snapping of a branch off to her left. "It is probably my brother." " Is it that obvious sister?" The dark haired man did not even try to hide the rage in his voice. He held a bronze dagger in his left hand. " Why are you so angry Magnus?" Hecate turned to look the man in the eye. What she saw made a breath catch in her throat "Magnus you have been using dark magic!" She stepped in between her love and the Magnus. The green energy surrounding him gave both women cause to fear for their lives. " And that surprises you Hecate? Given your namesake is my mother that should come as no surprise to you." He gave a motion with his hand and sent a wave of energy in their direction. As it towards the two women he laughed. Hecate and his sister shielded themselves from the ill effects of one of the darkest spells ever made. "Very clever girls, but that will not help you." His laugh sounded like bronze on a grinding wheel. " What do you mean bro…Ahhh?!" Leto's words ended as searing pain tore through her body. " Leto," Hecate went to defend her love from a woman holding an unknown spell on her, but her legs would not budge. "What are you doing to her?!" " Inflecting upon her the same amount of pain that you have caused to my love," the woman's sadistic tone made the dark-eyed woman fume with rage. As she went to cast a spell Hecate felt searing pain rip through her left side. "Are you going to finish her off Magnus, my love?" " No Maya. I want to see her face as she watches my sister die." Her former friend walked over to his sister grabbed her by the hair and tilted her head back. "I love you sister dear." He said this as the bronze dagger cut into Leto's throat. "NO PANSY!" Hermione sat up in bed screaming at the top of her lungs the last name anyone would ever expect her to care about. As she ran a shaky hand through the tangled mess that was her hair the bedroom door swung wide open. "Are you alright darling?" Her father asked as he came through the door. "I am fine dad. It was just another nightmare." The brunette ran another shaky hand through her hair. "Who is Pansy?" her father asked with a smile growing across his face. Hermione rolled her eyes a little as she thought of the name she yelled out not more than a minute ago. "Someone I know from school father." The younger Granger tried to keep the smile from crossing her face, but she was failing horribly. "And she is an insufferable nuisance!" She tried to say this as sternly as possible. "Who are you trying to convince Hermione, me or yourself?" Her father and mother had known that she was gay for weeks now and for all the fear she felt about telling them she felt the same amount of joy when they told her it did not matter so long as she was happy and safe. "I just don't know how she will react to it, and she is in Slytherin house which means that she has a 'reputation' to uphold." The brunette made the air quotation remarks around reputation because she had seen how the raven-haired girl would look at her when her housemates were not around. "Do you know how long it took me to ask your mother out on our first date?" Hermione shook her head. "Six months, and let me tell you I was more nervous than a cat with the canary in its mouth." He placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. "Feel better Hermione?" "Yes, goodnight dad." "Good night Hermione." With that, her father walked out and shut the door. The rest of the night Hermione's sleep was uneventful, and she liked it that way. When she had dreams like that she wrote it off as her magic acting up on her. As the morning light streamed in through her window she took a few minutes to lay there and ponder what she would do today. She still had a few books she could read, and there was her History of Magic assignment that she could 'double cheek' again. Deciding against both of those she got up and got ready for the day. As she made her way downstairs she heard her parents talking to someone she did not recognise. The woman had dark black hair and silvery eyes. The woman seemed to have magic pouring off of her. At least that's what she guessed it was, because what else could make the air around her spark with energy? Upon seeing her, the woman stood up and walked in her direction stopping just before she reached entryway into the room. Once her father noticed her he looked extremely pale like something really bad had just happened. "Hermione comes sit down there is something I need to tell you." Her father's voice was shaky and full of worry. "Sure father what is wrong?" As she walked past the woman the brunette felt this level of magical power that made the headmaster seem like a mere boy. Hermione took a seat across from her father. She kept glancing over at the woman standing between the sofa and the wall. "Hermione this is not going to be easy for you to hear. All I ask is that you listen to what I have to say before you make you judgment." He waited for her to nod in agreement. "Hermione there is something we have been keeping from you, your whole life. You are the child of… a goddess." "WHAT?!" Hermione could not contain her confusion at this point. She looked at the silent woman and her father. "So then who is my mother?" "She is," her father pointed to the woman behind him. "…and before you say anything I am certain of this. Before I asked your mum to marry me I had a moment of 'weakness' and slept with your mother. Nine months later she showed up with you in her arms, and informed us who she was and that it was forbidden for her to raise you." Her mum interjected at this point. "And we took you in. Raising you as if you were ours, and I have always viewed as my daughter." "What are you talking about mum?!" "What we are saying Hermione is that you are a demigod, and your mother is the goddess…" Before her father could finish she got up and started towards her room. "Hermione wait!" She didn't wait. Hermione practically ran to her room and shut the door behind her. Pacing around the room for what felt like an eternity she finally collapsed onto the bed. The brunette let her mind wonder over more reasonable things. She focused on her assignment for Professor Binns, or she could wait for another letter from Harry. Just thinking about him caused changes in what she was thinking about. She wondered how he would take the news that she was homosexual and that she had a crush on the most unlikely person at school. It also brought up the thought of why he was able to send more letters to her. It seemed that his aunt and uncle had either changed or were scared to death of something. Option two seemed more likely. A rapping on her window caused her to jump a little. It was Hedgewig with another letter from Harry. Opening the window to let the owl in she let out a long sigh. She started to read the letter that Harry sent her, and as she read it a smile started to creep across her face. He seemed to have been away from the Dursley's the past week, and he had been wondering how her summer was going now that she had returned from France. She pulled out her quill and ink and a piece of parchment. She thought long and hard before she began to write. Harry, France was great! I spent a lot of time covering my homework for Binns class but seemed to hit a bit of a snag on some of the ancient witches and wizards of European folklore. I mean I honestly don't know how they can ignore the muggle accounts of the individuals. Binns seems stuck in the past! Yes, Harry I realise he is a ghost, but come on a witch like Circe does not enter muggle literature on accident! They are far more fascinating than a goblin rebellion in 1612! There are also other things weighing on my mind. I would love to talk about it, but right now I don't even know if it's real. I may tell you when I see you on the train. P.S. I know this is short, but again I have a lot on my mind. Yours truly, Hermione Giving the letter to Hedwig Hermione watched the owl fly out the window with her letter. As she closed the window