Chapter One: Revelation and Rage Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or affiliated characters, places, and things. They all belong to J.K. Rowling and affiliated companies. This particular plot is mine, however. And to make it seem more cohesive to the original stories I am using some of the lines from them, but they are not my material. They came to the excellent mind of their owner. A/N: This is one of the stories that I have been working on in secret for a while now. It is a typical back to the past story with a twist. It is based around the Reptilia28 challenge. I will stick as close to it as I can, but my muse is a fickle thing. Summary: Reptilia28 Challenge answer. Harry dies and finds out he has more than a few things wrong in his life. The first of these being who he is in love and the second biggest one is a little inconsequential thing called gender. Time-travel, Fem!Harry, Soulmate, Ron Bashing, Dumbledore bashing, and character death. "Avada Kedavra!" the cold high pitched voice of Voldemort's voice rang out in Harry's ear. He closed his eyes waiting for the sweet release of death. With this, his friends would be safe from this mad man. His mother did this for him, so if he did it for everyone at Hogwarts it should do the same for them. The impact of the spell on his chest generated no pain. His vision slipped into darkness. If he was hoping for a peaceful sleep the sight that greeted him was something of a shock, to say the least. He was in a kind of waiting room with a few people scattered around waiting to be seen. He felt that this was a case of deja vu the likes that are beyond abnormal. He looked down at his chest to see the spot the Killing Curse had to have hit him. His breath was taken away from him in an instant. The flat chest that he was used to seeing was not there. Instead, there was this raised portion of his chest. He touched it thinking it was an after effect of the killing curse. Sadly, he was mistaken. What he touched was a growth on his chest. It was soft and malleable. It didn't cause pain as he was expecting. He raised an eyebrow to the situation. Harry looked around the room. Hoping that there would be someone there to explain this odd situation to him. There were the other people in the room, but they seemed to be lost in their own minds. There had to be someone else that could help him understand what was going on. When he looked around once more hoping to find anything/anyone that would tell him what was going on a mirror appeared out of nowhere. Harry stood up and walked over to it. When he got in front of the mirror he stumbled backwards. Instead of the reflection of an average looking young man he was staring at the image of a fetching young lady. At first, he thought it was a practical joke, but the longer he looked at the reflection the more it felt normal. He twirled around to look at his complete reflection, and before he could take in the image before him he stared blankly at the mirror. 'Did I just twirl?' he thought to himself. 'Yes, yes I did just twirl. I seriously need to talk to someone about this.' Once 'she' was aware of what 'she' was doing Harry thought to 'herself' that there was no way 'she' was a girl. 'She' had had dreams of 'her' mum and dad saying thing like "She's such a pretty girl", but she never gave them much thought. In fact, she thought they were weird dreams due to the lack of food 'she' had been given the days before such dreams. 'She' shuttered at the thought of what 'her' uncle may have done to 'her' if she had been a girl. The man wasn't a paedophile to the best of her knowledge, but the way he looked at some of the teenage girls on Privet drive made 'her' wonder. The man definitely had a temper, and life might have actually been harder for 'her' had she been a girl. This had to be a horrible prank or something. The sound of a tapping foot caused Harry to turn around. Standing in front of the seating area was a woman in a pinstriped suit. The woman's shoulder length black hair framed her blue eyes rather menacingly. The form fitting clothing was a touch distracting, but once 'she' pulled 'her' eyes off the woman's well-endowed figure 'Harry' noticed a slight familiarity with the woman. She felt that she had met this woman somewhere before. The annoyed expression on her face told 'Harry' that she had done something wrong. As she walked up to the woman 'Harry' realised that for the past minute or so that she had been referring to herself as 'she' instead of 'he', and was now thinking of the name she had been using for the past decade and a half as false. This was the weirdest feeling in the world. "Well, this makes the fourth time here Potter. Do you enjoy making my life a living hell?" the woman asked in an overly sweet voice. "No, but am I thought I was supposed to be infront of some kind of gate or something." 'Harry' asked. "Nope, but we can't hold this conversation here. Follow me, Potter." The woman turned on her heels and started walking down a corridor. As they walked down the corridor 'Harry' thought throughout her lifetime up to this point. It was easy for her to see how she could have died thrice before. It could have been the basilisk or the dragon for sure. Though it could have easily been anything else. Draco going mental and killing her in a fit of rage. Uncle Vernon beating her to death was also a really good possibility. The same was true for Dudley and his friends. Perhaps her aunt hit her with the car the family owned. Lord knows that the woman wasn't that good of a driver. 'Harry' looked back at the woman leading her down the impossibly long corridor. She noticed that the woman was carrying a really thick book in her right hand. There was something written on the cover, but all she could see was 'Boo- 'and 'Pot- '. She was wondering if what that book held was all the decision she had made within her life. If it did she was really, really embarrassed at some of the things she had done during her fourth year during the second task, but you really couldn't blame her. Fleur Delacour and Cho Chang were a really attractive woman. This was actually embarrassing to think about now. When Harry looked back at the woman he saw that she was standing infront of an open doorway. The look on the woman's face was one of impenitence. 'Harry' looked down at the ground, and she felt her cheeks heat up at this. She walked through the door, and into what appeared to be a nice office. On the solid mahogany desk appeared to be a computer. The chairs seemed to be made of plush leather. 'Harry' walked into the room sat in the chair infront of the desk. She watched the woman walked to the other side of the desk. She placed the book on the desk but opened it up the moment she placed it on the desk. All 'Harry' could tell is the name written on it. The woman flipped through the pages for what felt like three minutes. When she got to the page she was looking for she rested her elbows on the desk, steeple her fingers. They stared at each other what felt like an eternity. Then the woman asked. "Let's get this started by answering the two question you have always asked. No, you are not a boy, and your name is not 'Harry James' Potter. That is something concocted by Dumbledore. The man dosed you with a faulty gender change potion at the age of one year and three months of age." 'Harry' sat their dumbstruck by this information. Not only was she not a natural boy, but she had also idolised the man who had changed her gender. The fact that this had been done against her will at a time when she could not voice this opinion was beyond infuriating. How could the 'Leader of the Light' do something like this? Wasn't he supposed to be the epitome of all things that were good? What else in her life had been a lie? Where her friends really her friends? Another thought crossed her mind had the old man done anything to her dearest friends? 'Harry' looked back at the woman on the other side of the desk. She was filing her nails while 'Harry' thought on these things apparently the other times she had been here she had done the same thing. 'Harry' smiled at the woman at this point. This caused the woman to roll her eye's. "Potter don't even bother trying that little coy smile of yours because it has never worked on me." At first 'Harry was taken aback by this, but then she caught sight of the woman's slight smile. "Now if you're done with the self-introspection may I continue?" "Yes, I guess I have done this before?" 'Harry' asked. The woman nodded. "So, if I was turned into a boy why am I not a boy spiritually?" "That is honestly the first time you have asked that question." The woman said this with a little bit of a happy tone to her voice. Although there was still a cold look to her eyes. "At least there is some progress." She took out a much smaller book from her desk, and read a few pages in the middle of the book. "Okay, since you did not willing choose to change your gender, your spiritual-self reflects your natural self. If you had chosen to change your sex willingly that would not be the case." The woman looked up from the book at her. "This doesn't surprise you does it?" "No, not really. Is it just me, or did it get colder in here?" 'Harry' asked with another smile. "Ha, ha, ha Jasmine very funny." The woman paused a minute to let what she just said process through Jasmine's mind. Her real name was Jasmine. It fit. Her mum was Lily and her aunt was Petunia. Apparently, flowery girl names were a common thing in the Evans family. "Good your smiling instead of crying this is more progress!" The woman throwing her arms in the air. Jasmine raised an eyebrow to this. "I have to get my laughs in somehow. Anyway, now on to the important stuff." "Like how I died thrice already?" Jasmine asked with that coy smile again. "Stop that!" Jasmine chuckled a little. "I swear sometimes I wonder if you enjoy doing this." The woman ran her hands through her hair. The woman looked down at the book while muttering something under her breath. "Well let's start with the first time you died prematurely. It was an accident, so you are not to blame. Your cousin was chasing you around the school yard and you ran out into traffic and got hit by a car. So, I am not too pissed about that. You were seven years old. The second death is when I started getting pissed off. It was done by Severus Snape in the Shrieking Shack. He went nuts when he entered the room and started casting Stunners around left and right. When the stunner hit you, it threw you against the wardrobe. The door broke in two pieces, and a metal shard landed in