Chapter One: Observation Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or affiliated characters, places, and things. They all belong to J.K. Rowling and affiliated companies. This particular plot is mine however. And to make it seem more cohesive to the original stories I am using some of the lines from them, but they are not my material. They came for the excellent mind of their owner. A/N: This is a challenge a friend of mine asked me to do. This story is not 'someone is sent back in time', or like my other story Death's Champion. This will be a much more interactive death. The OCs (Kylie and Akasa) in this story are Dungeons and Dragons (Pathfinder) characters of mine. Kylie became the greater deity of death. A greater deity is someone like Zeus, Oden, Isis, or Athena. The image attached to this story is what Kylie looks like. I will also be incorporating a lot of Dungeons and Dragons (Pathfinder) rules for magic into this story as it gives me a challenge I cannot help it. The Astral Plane * Death was sitting in her throne watching the lives of the multiverse flicker by like mayflies. 'Universe' after 'universe' scrambled before her in clusters of similar universes. Had someone told her billions of years ago that this is what goddesses did she would have laughed at them, and then probably killed them. But this didn't make her life boring by any means. She occasionally put on artifacts that hid her divine presence, and went to the Material plane to see firsthand how people handle her existing. There were times she played the good girl, and actually gave people boons, and extended their lives for doing something for her. If they thought, they could rule over her with the gifts she gave the price they paid was dire. One of the best boons she had every given was to Nicholas Flamel. The Philosophers Stone was his masterpiece, but it was her guidance that had prevented him from killing himself or his wife in the process. Just thinking of that one action brought to mind another deed that she had done for another cluster of universes. Nicholas Flamel was in this 'universal' cluster as he was in many others, but unlike in most in this one he gave up the Philosophers Stone on most occasions. That was a smart move on most occasions considering his tendency to go crazy after a thousand years of living. For the most part however it would be unnecessary for him to do this. Look at the core world of this cluster made her feel slightly brighter. A flash of blue light rippled across this cluster, and started spilling into others. She shook her head. This part of the multiverse was in danger. There were better times to reminisce now was not one of them. She sorted through it. 'Universe' by 'universe', galaxy by galaxy. A quicker scan would have told her the source, but not in the detail she would have liked. She started her search from just beyond the galactic core. Star by star went by like reals of film. Each touched by the black energy, but not its source. Then she reached it. A planet not that much different from the one she grew up on. The only difference was the black energy. It was the negative energy of death but not being controlled by a cleric of any kind, and not at the command of an antipaladin*. In fact, of all the ones that were on the planet none were responsible for this disturbance. She called one of her pages. The young dhampir entered the room asked what she needed. With a wave of her hand she crafted a note out of nothingness. "Send a copy of this to the other members of the council." The young blonde woman bowed taking the note and rushing out the door. Once she was gone Kylie turned her gaze to Earth 9AHP759K once more. Everything was the same as all the other ones of its type. Magic existed within this universe, there was an 'Earth', on it were about six billion people, magic was concealed from those who did not have it, and there was a magical Potter family living in the UK. The young potters adversary was Tom Marvolo Riddle, and yes he went by the alias Voldemort. Dumbledore was still alive, and the teachers were all the same as the universe that lay at the core of this cluster of 'universes'. There were other similarities, but for some reason negative energy had wrapped itself around this planet Earth. She decided to look at this planet's history life by life to find out what caused this. With a snap of her fingers a laptop appeared before her. It had been a while since she used one of these things, but it was still nice to have one lying around. She went through this planets history life form by life form. The dinosaurs and the life that occurred before them were the easiest to go through. Not much was different from her home planet. They evolved a meteorite caused their extinction the end. Then the slow crawl to sentient mammalian life. One by one each life was crossed of the list of what could have caused this. The Bronze Age flew by quickly. The Iron Age drew some interest for comical reasons, but still did not really hold the answer. The Dark Ages were a cluster fuck of ideas as usual, but still held no definitive answer. Then came the Renaissance, and with it part of the answer. During this world's Renaissance there was a wizard who developed a way to artificially crystallize magical energy on accident. He spent the next ten years learning how to do it, but even after he mastered the art form he could find no practical use for the crystal. The last one he made was filled with his bitterness and hatred. This turned the pinkish crystal black as pitch. In time the hatred the object radiated cause the man to fly into a blind rage that caused him to kill his wife and children. Then he went out and killed everyone in the village not far from his home. The negative energy that came with all these deaths flowed into this crystal. With each brutal murderer near it the crystal grew in power wrapping the man's mind in abhorrence and despair. When he had killed everyone in the village his body could take no more of the strain his action and the crystal were putting upon it, and the man passed out. When he woke the following day the memory of his actions flooded back into his mind, and the man wept. He apparated back to his home to find his wife lying before their children's dead and mutilated bodies. He levitated their bodies outside, and magically dug their graves. When they were buried he crafted them a massive tombstone. Upon it he carved their names as well as his own because he had died the moment he turned his wand on them. He apparated to the mountains he once visited as a child. The man spent the rest of the day looking for a place to put the crystal. A vertical cave caught his attention. He went into this cave to find it empty of any other form of life. He placed the crystal on the ground. He then sealed the entrance to the cave. He warded the cave from being entered magically. After that he removed his work from his own memory, and then killed himself. No one ever went looking for Ricardo de Monforte for they thought he was buried with his family. The crystal remained concealed for the next four centuries slowly gathering the ambient hatred of those who walked by the cave. As it grew in power those who could use magic could feel its presence, but given de Monforte's magical strength the wards were hard to break. When the goblins finally entered the cave they found nothing but de Monforte's remains and the crystal radiating with hate and magic. They took the gem, and left in frustration that there was nothing else there. This was in nineteen forty-seven, and by this point the gem was filled with so much hatred that it was reddish black in color. The goblins studied the crystal for the next thirty years. It was at this point that the struggle against Voldemort came in contact with the crystal. One of the wizards that worked for the goblins was a young man named Peter Pettigrew. He took a job with the bank as a magical researcher. One of the jobs that fell in his lap was to help them research the crystal. He discovered that the object could project a beam of energy that vaporized anything it touched. Peter took the object from the bank with the permission of his supervising goblin. The following day he Obliviated the memory of his boss that the object even existed. The first person to fall victim to the gem in Pettigrew hands was a young mundane girl. She was seven years old. He violated the girl then as she lay there weeping on the floor he reduced her to dust. Peter smiled to himself, and hid the gem away. He knew Dumbledore would never approve of this things use, but he pledged to himself that he would use it for his special 'projects'. Over the next three years the war against Voldemort grew dire. In fear of his own life and his precious crystal Peter went to Lucius Malfoy with hope of joining the Death Eaters. When he was before Voldemort his mind was raided for information, and the secret of the crystal came out. Voldemort promised him safety so long as he handed over the crystal. In fear of his own life Peter handed over the crystal. Voldemort's test subject for the crystal was Fleamont and Euphemia Potter parents of James Potter. The man did not use the crystal again until October thirty-first, a year and five months after the death of the eldest Potters. It broke down the door with ease, and was intended to kill Potter, but the ward surrounding the girl was one of love so the crystal turned on itself. The resulting explosion destroyed the child's bedroom, and injuring Voldemort. In one final attempt to kill the young Potter Voldemort used the killing curse. This like in many other universes rebounded off the child and killed Voldemort instead. The energy held within the crystal the starting to be scattered thought the solar system by solar winds. Magic increased the speed tenfold with each passing day until the whole galaxy was covered in a dark black haze. The sound of the door opening drew her attention. Anther page stood before her. "Mistress the other members of the council wish enter into this realm." "I grant them entry." With those words flashes of light scattered throughout the room. "So what are your opinions?" "Not even bothering with a 'hello' Kylie?" Time asked. "Yes where are my manners. Welcome everyone. And sorry Life for not asking for better place to hold this meeting, but this shall be brief I swear." "We shall see. When did you discover this?" Life asked in irritation as the negative energy of death gnawed at her. "Less than an hour ago, and we needn't do anything about what caused the disturbance. The object is gone. As for events that are to happen they should play out the way they are intended." Time spoke firmly. "You will be going to the planet won't you Kylie?" "While that was not my original intent now that you mention it I shall." She looked around the room. Every over deity from air to magic looked confused. "While everything looks normal I want to make damn sure that gem is