Gasoline Fire; I loved it, craved it, fed off the thrill the heat gave me. The release, the light. Burning flesh had never smelt so good. The whole town was on edge, no one trusted anyone, friends were morphing into enemies with every scream that echoed throughout the wooden walls. I guess I never had that problem, friendship was something I'd never wanted, nor will I ever need. It was all because of these disappearances, ' suicides' , everyone wanted someone to blame, for someone must have tormented the smoke. Who else could have done it? Who else in the whole town, would have the ability to make the mist weep? They had to blame me, in fact I loved the accusation. I had just arrived in Wiccan, a small town off the coast line, the home of the asylum. The asylum I do not belong in. When I had first entered the city, the Wiccan beaches were littered with drift wood. Drift wood painted the whole landscape; it was moulded into the very lives of all the youth. A Pyromaniacs heaven. Magical colours, twirls of blazing swords planted themselves into the night, I created master piece after master piece. Art works. But no one in the town saw the beauty I did. Danger was all they saw, the burns not the finger painting. The choking, not the sound of a breath being taken away. Everyone saw the smoke, the ash, but no one saw the faces. My obsession with fire brought with it, a certain prejudice, for my appearance almost smothered my personality. Deep cuts marred my translucent aged skin, swollen sores littered my fragile frame, bones desperately clawed at the cage they were confined in. Thick black rings of mist framed my bloodshot irises; fragments of my chapped blackened lips were flaking away with every fire I lit. My weak pathetic limbs could barely grasp on to what was reality, never mind that my legs could not with hold the weight that judgement day brought along with it. My hair was none existent, due to laughter of my school friends , why of course who wouldn't find pouring gasoline over my trembling body while tormenting me with a lighter, hilarious? Oh course it was funny, my whole life was a joke. Ha-ha lets laugh! Laugh at how pathetic I was. My art work my only solace, was being poisoned with ghastly distorted faces, my beautiful smoke was being injected with death. Forced to torture all those children, held against its will to pressure the elderly into suicide. It wasn't my darlings fault, it was all him and his poison. I had nothing but my art; I had to defend her purity. For she was innocent, I was innocent. He was a monster! For me to achieve what I wanted, I had to escape from hiding. No more would I be the face of the shadows lingering within the blaze. School was my first obstacle. I hadn't been in months, not since the rumours started. The main problem my mother had with that school was the physical and mental abuse the students put me through; she thought my pyromania was a plea for help, self harm. But it was simply an addiction; it was like my own personal brand of heroine. I arrived at school in the fall, what hit me was nothing like I had expected. My initial thoughts were that I would be put through the typical high school torture, be the but of everyone's joke. What I was faced with was not far from this, but for me the ignorance was worse than the arrogance. Everyone avoided me like a medic, when eyes were captured with my own thick strands of fear escaped from their soul. They were terrified of my presence. I didn't understand, were these really the same people who set alight my thriving body? Fear seems to be able to not mend but to mask even the most disturbed of minds. I was still alone though. I'd eat my dinner in toilets to avoid the accusing stares and disapproving looks of all students and staff alike. In lessons I'd sit at the back, nearest the window, best escape root in case there was a fire I'd heard. At breaks I'd search out this girl Bella, by no means were we friends but she wasn't accepted either, her company almost was like a mask, she seemed to hide everything else, when I was with her I transformed. I was no longer the messed up kid with a lighter, I was just me. But in reality that's all I was, a messed kid with a lighter. I couldn't afford to be friends with her though; Bella would just end up getting needlessly hurt. This orphaned girl had enough problems; my precious' demon didn't need to become one of them. My aim was not to hurt Bella I never meant to make her cry when she did, she demanded answers all the time, to questions I just couldn't answer. When I say couldn't answer I mean I didn't want to. My life, my problem, my prize. After a few months of being in school, everything just seemed to become one big question mark. I kept seeing things, no we kept seeing things, me and Bella. No one else could though; the faces said it was our little secret. Bella thought they were amazing, they listened to her, answered the questions I wouldn't. Bella was beginning to trust these silhouettes. But I saw through them, I saw their trickery, the games they were mastering in. They played Bella; I tried to reason with her many a time. A constant scream could be heard echoing from my mouth, desperately trying to persuade her to see that these beings were the reason she was an orphan. But she didn't see why she should care, hating on these ' innocent' creatures wouldn't bring back her loved ones. Hope was always something that gullible girl lacked in. Graduation soon came around, bringing with it an unfulfilling end. For since I had set out to prove my innocence, there had been six deaths to curse the town of Wiccan. First was a girl, eight years old, always wore pigtails in her golden hair. She was from the brook, always wearing a smile. But that was the lie; her smile was simply painted on. The paint they used simply masked the bruises that marred her frail features. Her death surprisingly wasn't caused by the hands of her abusers, but more by the threads that tied together to create a course rope. Her name was Lilly. Her date of death was the sixtieth wedding anniversary of her grandparents. And the rope that denied her the right of breath was not made of nylon or cotton, but hair. Thick black strands of human hair. Precisely twenty three days later Jasper Whitlock was found dead in the lake. It seemed water had entered his lungs at an alarming rate. Meaning the water gifted him with the inability to take ones breath. It seems this gothic Jasper, who was only thirteen, had drowned. Mysteriously in result of his own longings. This confused my already muddled mind, as assumingly drowning would be a peaceful death, a long but soothing end. And for me personally if you were attempting to punish yourself, not kill, you would choose a more painful form of torture. I questioned the post mortems, told them my thoughts. They did tests, millions of them, blood flooded the floors, and needles were constantly slicing the skin open of the dead. In conclusion, this boy had died before his skin hit the waters murky rim. Thick grey hands had wrapped round his young neck, the diseased digits had brought his demise. These ligaments belonged to the well known criminal... Carbon Dioxide. The third death, didn't surprise me, but contrastingly caused the depression of half the British Isles. It didn't surprise me as if I was a murderer, I would too do the same as what he did. Take out the leader and the slaves will fall. Queen Didyme had been taken out. I didn't ponder on her death though, why would I? If it was the opposing way and I was the one whose wrists had been the passage that let me bleed to death, no one, especially not the Queen would care. They especially would not try to understand. Unfortunately my consciousness constantly reminded me that there was no justified reason for Didyme Anderson to kill herself at the age of forty nine. She had three healthy young children and a husband who would of bought her the most precious of gems without a second thought, and gave her the love and adoration only a saint deserves. This woman had been framed, made to look as if the blood streaming from her wrists was caused by the rusted razor that was settled into her right palm. DING DING DING, number four rolled up. The clowns seemed to simply make young Alice Brandon laugh to death. No one forced her into the circus tent. Number five brought with it a controversial issue, as some say this home coming queen should of simply wore more clothes. In fact some say she purposefully wore, or didn't wear, the clothes she did, she wanted to be raped. Me, I disagree with this whole heartedly, for nothing can justify the vile act of rape, and no one can with hold the title of rapist, without wanting it. Five suicides . Five framed suicides. Six murders. The death of number six was the only one that sparked any empathy from within me. No this death forced me to feel the very human emotion of heartache. For on the nineteenth of November, a girl, the only girl that ever mattered to me, was taken away from the punishment she called life. The prom had just begun when Bella and I snuck out back into the forest that caged the school. Socialising had obviously never been our thing, as it's hard to socialise with a being that feels: fear, confusion and hatred, at the sound of your very name. Within the protection of the tree's shadows and branches, Bella and I created our own prom night. The wildlife our stereo, lilies our decorations, the moon our disco ball, and my fire was our radiator. Food was something we simply didn't need to enjoy ourselves. We had our minds and being as wondrous as hers was, endless tales were to be told. Everything seemed to be falling in place, me and Bella had skipped the friendship face and morphed into awkward lovers, my obsession with fire seemed to be relaxing, our prom night was simply perfect. But then he arrived. I'd like to be able to say it was all Bella's fault, that I was an innocent bystander, but that would be so far from the truth. It was my pyromania that summoned him, my smoke that he lived in. I now see there's no point in trying to fool myself into believing I was innocent, because I will never be innocent in anything, I just attracted danger, death, heartache, and everything that comes along with it. Maybe I just didn't try hard enough to show Bella, that no one, not even me, could she trust. We had just finished our last and only bottle of alcohol we had managed to grab. It was an old bottle of Jack Daniels form the staff room. We weren't intoxicated, just happy, and it suited us. We had become more adventurous and curious while consuming the demon drink, the forest now intrigued us and further into its depths did we venture. Our first mistake. We were swinging off the branches, imitating Bella's favourite movie Tarzan, somehow I had let her convince me into being Jane and her Tarzan. We were free. Bella, well I'd never seen her so