~ Author's Note ~ Welcome to 'Your Emerald Eyes' Chapter One - The Hogwarts Express I hope you enjoy! (Disclaimer - Rowling owns it all, Merlin praise her.) Lily pulled on a pink polo shirt, stretching it down over her stomach and staring at her reflection in the mirror. She sighed, running her hand through her soft, red hair, carefully straightened by her best friend, Alice Prewett. She ran her fingers over her eyes, checking for any loose lashes. Lily Evans wasn't one for mascara, but today was a special occasion - plus Alice had insisted. 'Hey,' Alice spoke behind her, her soft voice interrupting Lily's thoughts. 'Your parents said we'll be leaving in five, so get your things.' Lily could have squealed in delight. Finally, the two of them would be heading back to their home, back to Hogwarts. She caught the reflection of her sister in her mirror, a disgusted glare sent towards her. Alice noticed it as well, shutting the door and turning Lily to face her. 'Ignore her, Lily, we're going home! She won't be there to torture you with her distant looks of disapproval, and there will be no more Mr Mustache coming over and spitting everywhere while he talks about his new job working with hammers.' Lily giggled, hugging her best friend, 'I know, Al. I can't wait, I just wish she -' Alice put her hand against Lily's mouth, holding her lips closed. 'If you wish for that bloody ungrateful sister of yours to love you once more I will sew your mouth shut forever! You don't need her, you have me and your parents!' Lily nodded, smiling. 'Thanks, Alice. I honestly don't know what I'd do without you.' 'Probably perish messily somewhere,' she joked, taking her friends hands. 'Now, come on! The suitcases are already in the car, it's just a matter of getting to the platform!' Lily grinned, her white teeth sparkling. With one final check in the mirror, she nodded, her emerald eyes glinting with excitement. Alice did the same, quickly checking her short chestnut hair was still in place. Lily always envied her hair. In truth, given the opportunity, she wouldn't have traded her hair for the world, but sometimes it was so conspicuous she just wished it was a little less… red. Alice's hair was soft and brown, only a few inches in length. It absolutely suited her, though, Lily thought. It used to be much longer but Alice chopped it all, deciding it was time for a change. Since she had, her plump cheeks had never been brighter, joy practically emitting from the girl. The stairs creaked beneath Alice's feet, Lily looking around her room once more. The pictures of her and her friends would have to stay on the walls this year, there was no more room in her suitcase, especially now she was Head Girl. All the extra books she had and clothes she needed took priority. Anyway, she'd have the girls everyday, there wasn't a need for pictures. 'Come on, Lils!' her father shouted up at her. 'I'm not getting any younger down here!' Lily quickly shut her door, hopping down the stairs two at a time, jumping excitedly as she hit the bottom. Her mother and father were waiting for her, Alice outside already. The weather looked miserable, the black, September sky terrifying to look at. 'Hi Mum, Dad,' Lily smiled, hands behind her back. Her mother looked at her with watery eyes, holding her arms out in front of her. 'Come here, sweetheart,' she said. 'I can't believe my little girl is in her final year! Almost an adult.' The hug Lily's mother gave her was painfully tight, Lily gasping for air against the small woman. Her mother was the same height as her, had the same eyes, the same nose, ears, lips, chin! She inherited practically nothing from her father, nothing but his stubbornness and sense of humour. Her red hair was still a mystery, being the only person in the family with it. 'She is an adult, love,' her father told his wife. 'Right, Lils? Seventeen is the age of adulthood in your world?' Lily nodded, hugging him. 'Yeah, Dad. Seventeen.' She let go, Lily looking around the small corridor. 'No Petunia, then? Her parents shared a glance, her mother speaking. 'She said she had to go, but she asked us to say goodbye for her.' 'Rubbish,' Lily said, annoyed with herself for being disappointed. 'Are you both taking us to the station?' 'No, dear,' her mother said. 'I have a doctor's appointment, remember? I'll have to sit this one out.' Lily nodded, turning to her father, 'Just us, then!' 'And Alice, of course,' he smiled, looking to the girl outside. Lily nodded, hugging her mother once more. 'I hope everything goes alright, I'm going to miss you so much.' Her mother squeezed her, pushing her away and holding her shoulders. 'We're only an owl away, love.' Watery tears began to form in Lily's eyes, not at all what she wanted. She never cried, always the shoulder of support for whenever Alice or her other friends did. She shook her head, patting her eyes and shaking her arms. 'Right, we need to go, we're going to be late.' 'Great,' her father smiled, kissing his wife on the cheek. 'I'll be back in a couple of hours.' She nodded, following the two of them outside, droplets of rain starting to fall from the sky. Lily grabbed her friend's arm, pulling her towards the car and rushing inside, the rain pouring against the windows. Lily loved the rain, it was always comforting, therapeutic. Her father sat in the front seat, Alice beside Lily in the back. He started the car, waving to his wife. Lily waved, Alice shouting a thank you to her. They sat back, the house disappearing as they turned the corner, Lily's father beeping the horn once more. The drive to the station took little under an hour. The traffic was good and it seemed that despite the weather, everything was running smoothly. They pulled in front of King's Cross, Lily's father turning back to the two of them. 'Right, girls, your mother will be waiting for me. I can't come in this year, I'm sorry.' Lily waved it off, Alice smiling. 'Don't worry, Dad, I'm sure we can find our way after all these years.' He nodded, taking off his seat belt and looking to her sternly, then at Alice. 'Now, a few rules before you leave.' They both groaned, having had the same conversation for the past four years. Alice had started staying over Lily's for the two weeks before Hogwarts in their third year, continuing the tradition until their last. Why her father had only started giving them rules when she arrived was beyond Lily, maybe Alice's father asked him to. 'Number one,' he spoke deeply, 'do your homework!' 'Lily's already got that covered for the entire Gryffindor house,' Alice joked, Lily hitting her playfully. 'Just because I help people, Al.' Her father nodded, smiling. 'Number two, no boys! At all!' 'I'm an adult, Dad, remember?' Lily reminded him. 'Not an innocent, unaware schoolgirl.' He nodded, 'That may be, but you're still going to school so I'm still going to lay down some rules.' They grinned, Lily looking to Alice, shaking her head and rolling her eyes. 'Finally,' he said, 'enjoy yourselves. Have some fun, Lils, don't spend all of your time in the library like you did in your fifth year.' 'I overestimated how difficult OWLs were going to be,' she told him, 'But you can never be too cautious.' 'Either way,' her father spoke, 'go out, have fun, and play that broom game that looks so entertaining.' Alice laughed this time, looking to him, 'You think Lily would ever go on a broom?' He shrugged, 'Get a teacher. Is there anyone who could help?' A dozen names sprang to mind, each as bad as the previous. There was Potter, of course, not one known for being safe on a broom, far too fast and risky. Then there was Black who took it to a new level, spending the entire Quidditch match upside down or standing up, hitting the Bludgers into the air and chasing them rather than flying away. Then there was the rest of the team, each of them a stranger to Lily. Mary and Marlene flew, but she didn't trust them holding her on the ground (not that she didn't love them), let alone in the air. 'No one,' Lily spoke, Alice looking to her with her eyebrow raised. 'Find a way, I want to see you fly by July!' he smiled enthusiastically. 'Okay,' Lily agreed, looking at her watch. 'I'll find someone, Dad.' 'Good, now give me a kiss and get out of here.' Lily leaned over and kissed her father on the cheek, Alice hugging him and thanking him for letting her stay over the summer. 'Not a problem, Al,' he smiled. 'You know we love having you. Now off you go, you'll be late!' They stepped out of the car, taking their trunks out of the boot and waving as her father beeped the horn and drove away, Lily's red hair blowing in the wind. Her shirt was getting wet, Alice holding her hand above her head. 'Come on, let's get inside,' she shouted to Lily. By the time the entered the station it wouldn't have mattered if they were out there for an hour or a second, they were drenched. Their shirts stuck to them, Lily well aware of how tight it actually looked against her chest. Her jeans rubbed uncomfortably against her thighs as they walked. 'We really didn't dress for this weather,' she whispered to Alice, walking past three muggle boys, eyes glued to her chest. She glared at them, the boys quickly hurrying away. Alice shrugged, stretching as if to prove she didn't care. 'We'll dry off when we get on the platform.' How she was alright with it surprised Lily, it was like nothing shamed her or embarrassed her. Her skirt was sticking to her legs, dripping wet. Her polo shirt was just as revealing as Lily's. Lily could only thank Merlin they were wearing bras. They reached the wall where a group of students were gathered, each of them passing through it when the muggles weren't looking, not that they would have noticed. Lily checked her pockets and pulled out her new Head Girl badge, red and gold, pinning it to her shirt. 'Already?' Alice asked. 'You don't even have her uniform on.' 'Shut up, ten points from Gryffindor,' Lily grinned, too excited to care. Alice laughed, stepping ahead and running through the wall, Lily following her immediately. The noise difference as she passed through was incredible. The station they had left was reasonably quiet, but the platform they had arrived on was full of noise. There were shouts of students greeting each other, parents yelling at their children, the train whistling. Owls hooted and cats meowed, the train's whistling scaring them. Coming from the far end of the platform was an obnoxious amount of screaming, catching Lily's attention. Before she could head over, though, Alice looked to her. 'Here you go,' she smiled, waving her wand and drying her off completely, her shirt now loose and jeans now comfortable. 'Thank you,' she smiled, looking to her suitcase. 'I wish I'd taken one of my jumpers out.' Alice nodded, 'It is getting a little chilly.' 'Here,' Lily said, looking through the crowd of students, 'let's go to that bench and get one out before we put it on the train.' 'No,' Alice said, 'I want to find out what people are screaming about.' Lily couldn't help but notice the extra large crowd and the unusual amount of screaming. She nodded, following Alice across the platform, weaving their way through. The crowd was gathered around some boys, Lily internally groaning before she even saw