Strange Beginnings By BlueHot Chronicles (DarkBlueHotFlame) Disclaimer: All publicly recognisable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of BlueHot Chronicles (DarkBlueHotFlame). The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any previously copyrighted material. No copyright infringement is intended. Author's Note: I was going to name this Devotion (Severus) - I was thinking of a Devotion Series with different couples - but I got carried away with the story. If I do continue with a series, though, this can be thought of as one. Summary: Severus accepts old truths on his journey of a new magickal path. ~~~(*)~~~(*)~~~ "I need more power." That was what he'd told Lord Voldemort the first time he'd met him near the end of his fifth year at Hogwarts. He remembered how his voice had shaken with anger and his stomach had clenched in pain. ~~~(*)~~~(*)~~~ "You are so... pathetic." The words were tossed at him casually and full of boredom. "I should have ditched you since our first year at Hogwarts, but you were so useful." Severus had known this, always had, yet he'd hoped his devotion to Lily would sway her one day; even after the incident during their O.W.L.s year. Neither his intense level of training nor meditation had eased his infatuation; he'd despaired of loving a married woman forever and worked at eradicating the useless emotion from his life. However, when he and the other Death Eaters had been summoned by the Dark Lord, directly into a battle at Godric's Hollow meant to kill all of the Potters, Severus hadn't hesitated to protect the woman he loved. While the battle had raged outside their home, Severus had stealthily made his way to the nursery, where he'd found his love sitting calmly in a chair and ignoring the crying baby in the nearby crib. Severus had ignored all this, thinking only of her safety as he disapparated with Lily and the crib holding it's precious cargo; after all, the boy had to survive so he could grow to destroy the Dark Lord. ~~~(*)~~~(*)~~~ "And what will you do with this power, Severus Snape?" the Dark Lord asked, his red eyes gleaming eerily. ~~~(*)~~~(*)~~~ Severus had apparated them to a clearing in the Forbidden Forest that was within the wards of Hogwarts and just as he'd expected, no one was around, they were safe. What he hadn't expected, was Lily's outburst. "No! You bloody fool!" she'd yelled, as she wrenched herself from him, "I was about to destroy him! I was about to get the loyalty and respect of everyone and you ruined it!" Severus had stood frozen for a minute and he felt like the bloody fool she called him because... this was Lily, the sweet, caring and beautiful woman with a heart of gold. Lily was perfect and was understandably annoyed for a bit. "Lily, you and your son are safe now," the Bloody Fool said, "we'll go somewhere far away, where you'll both be safe and I will protect you. I know you don't believe me, but I swear on my magick to protect Harry Potter with my life, Lily, because I love you, I always have." ~~~(*)~~~(*)~~~ "I want to be able to move worlds and shake them to their foundations," Severus replied to the Dark Lord's query. ~~~(*)~~~(*)~~~ Harry had begun to cry again but Lily continued to ignore him as she paced the clearing, muttering to herself. Severus went to the child and awkwardly patted his head as he gently shushed him. Chubby hands stretched toward him in the timeless and wordless plea of children everywhere to be held. Instead with a whispered incantation and wandless magick, Severus sent the child into a deep but harmless sleep and placed a silencing charm around the crib. He turned to find Lily sneering at him. "You really are a weakling, Snivellus." Severus felt the fist around his heart squeeze and he swallowed thickly as his eyes burned. "I was just trying to keep you safe." His voice had been a ragged whisper and she continued speaking over him. "Did you really think I could ever love someone like you? So weak , snivelling behind You-Know-Who, begging for his power and protection." She scoffed. "He tries to rule by force when all I have to do is flash a pretty smile and crook my finger." Severus said nothing as he listened to her diatribe; there was nothing to say. "I'd found the magick; I almost had the entire wizarding world at my feet for destroying the Dark Lord they all feared and you spoiled everything." Her voice had become a monotone and her gaze cold. "It's what you do best, though, isn't it. Ruin the lives of others." Severus knew that look well, considering Voldemort had been his subject of study for the past five years. Lily, the woman he'd loved for so long, didn't just want him dead, she wanted to be the one to kill him. ~~~(*)~~~(*)~~~ About Five Years Ago "Do you really believe that destroying worlds would ease your broken heart, strange young one?" Severus spun around at the unfamiliar voice behind him, his wand aimed at the unknown man looking back at him serenely. The Dark Lord had just left after interviewing him and a few of his housemates separately. Severus had been the last, half-blood that he is, so he knew the others had already returned to the castle without him. "None of your business, old man." Had been on the tip of Severus' tongue, but despite the man's aged appearance, power - well, something more than magickal power - radiated from him and he held his tongue. "Who are you?" He asked instead, as he glanced around the rapidly darkening Forbidden Forest. "I am called the Ancient One, and you are Severus Snape. A strange name for an even stranger young man, but that is neither here nor there." The slight at his name was minor compared to what his classmates usually said to him and he brushed it off. "You sound like Dumbledore." The Ancient One played with his beard and frowned, "How absolutely insulting, Odd-Young-One. That was completely uncalled for; but as I have obviously just besmirched the wisdom of your parents in naming you, I will forgive your error of judgement." Severus stared blankly at the old man for a moment before looking around once more. Apparently... no... no, he was definitely near the edge of the Forbidden Forest trading insults with an Ancient Man. "Come with me, Queer-Young One," the Ancient One said, draping an arm around thin shoulders, "there is much I have to show you." Hours later - probably closer to fifteen minutes - Severus stumbled at the edge of the Forbidden Forest and pressed his shaking hands against the rough and cracked trunk of the closest tree. The Ancient One stood nearby, looking up at the castle Severus once thought would be his new home. The Marauders and the wannabe Death Eaters that paid no heed to Lucius Malfoy had made that impossible for him. "What would you do with such power, Boy-With-The-Weird-Name?" He lifted a hand in reassurance as Severus turned to him shakily. "No, you do not have to respond yet, it will not be the correct one anyway. But, when you are ready, I will be listening." As Severus fell onto his bed later that night, he thought of the Ancient One's question. He already knew what he would do with such power. "I want enough power in my hands to tear planets from the heavens." ~~~(*)~~~(*)~~~ The burning of the Dark Mark on his arm took him by surprise, and it drove him to his knees. Severus gasped at the slowly increasing pain; with his additional training, he'd always been able to block the pain from the mark, but whenever he did experience it, at no time had it ever been this bad. A whimpering cry was torn from his lips as Severus fell over; it felt as though the flesh was melting from his arm. In his peripheral, he noticed Lily standing some distance away, tapping the tip of her wand against the palm of her hand; she was apparently waiting for him to die any minute, and Severus felt his anger stir. After Lily classified him as pathetic and admitted that she'd wanted to discard him since first-year; Severus knew the exact moment his heart had begun to ice over. He'd just glimpsed the true personality of Lily Potter nee Evans, and he disliked what he saw. As he lay on the ground, cradling his arm and feeling as though he was about to die, Severus wished he could return to a time when he'd had the choice to walk away from Lily. She had been his world; his home, and he'd blindly devoted himself to her. Severus had rejected the only other person - besides Lucius - he had called a friend because Lily hadn't liked her. It was obvious, now, that Lily hadn't been able to control Aurora the way she controlled everyone else, and she'd made the girl an outcast in her own house; the Sinistras had demanded a re-sorting for their niece, the first of its kind in many years. Severus had learned much from the teachings of the Ancient One. However, the one thing he'd desperately wanted to learn had eluded him... until that very moment. He'd finally let go of his infatuation for Lily Potter nee Evans, and he was going to die; without love, a home or family. He could probably call on the Ancient One for aid but decided against it; the mystical arts he'd learned from the master would die here and now with him. It had been Severus' intention to teach Lily all he'd learned. At least he'd been a wise fool. ~~~(*)~~~(*)~~~ "Until you learn to let go of the festering, unnatural entity to which you cling, you will never go further than your final destination." "I don't understand, Master." "I know." ~~~(*)~~~(*)~~~ Severus frowned, the pain had stopped with no warning; it hadn't slowly faded away and there was no lingering sensation. He pushed himself into a seated position and rolled up his left sleeve. It was gone... the Dark Mark was gone! Wait... that could only mean- "He's dead, your Dark Lord Voldemort is dead and now whoever did it will get all the praise." Severus looked at Lily to find that she'd finally worked up enough anger to point her wand threateningly at his head; she'd obviously guessed what the absence of the mark meant. His dark gaze was impassive as he stared. Where did her hate come from? He couldn't understand it, Lily had been loved by everyone who met her. "Lily," Severus said as he stood slowly, his palms up, "think of your family, of your husband and son. Do you want Harry to grow up knowing his mother was a murderer?" Her cackling laughter threw him for a loop. Where the hell was this coming from? Who was this woman? "James Potter was a pompous prick and Harry, that snot-nosed brat, is just as pathetic as his father." Severus felt as though the world had shifted on its axis; it had all seemed so real, the love Lily expressed for her husband and son; only for everything he ever knew about this woman to be wrong. "James died about ten seconds after Voldemort appeared outside our home and as soon as I take care of you, I'll get rid of the dead weight." She nodded her head in Harry's direction. "He's not important anymore. Avada Kedavra!" A magickal shield of energy, in the form of a Celtic-Mandala, was hovering before him and it absorbed her attack. With a shove of his arm, the energy shot toward Lily, slamming her onto her back which gave Severus much needed