AN : hey guys Rockstarspud here, I just wanna say thank you ahead of time for those about to read my story. I just recently got into this whole fanfiction biz and this is my first story attempt. This is a Pertemis fic and my OC is gonna be paired with Thalia. Most characters will be Ooc (whatever that means). This will not be a regular guardian/Annabeth betrayal fic and my OC will play an important role splitting the main character role with Percy. They will be overpowered to a certain extent and will develop more powers over time. Please review and leave constructive criticism. P.S. it starts in Tartarus. I DO NOT OWN Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Enjoy the first chapter of Percy Jackson and the Son of Night Annabeth talking Percy talking Anthony Talking -Percy's POV- Damn, who knew that a never ending plunge to your death could be so boring? Even with my girlfriend here it's still boring. We can't talk because we are falling so fast that the uprising air pushed the words back into our mouths so we are just falling to our deaths hearing nothing but the air rushing past us. At first I could see Annabeth as we were falling but it's gotten so dark that I can't see her anymore, even though we are hugging each other. Pretty annoying if you ask me, I mean if you ask me I should be able to gaze at my beautiful girlfriend before I die. Honestly if you asked me a year ago how I thought I would die I would say that I would die from a surprise monster attack or Zeus's bolt, not that I would die falling thousands of feet straight into hell. As I sat (or some other stationary action I'm not sure) here thinking about how that this is a bunch of Pegasus shit I failed to notice that we had begun slowing down for a while now. I didn't notice until Annabeth slapped me, bringing me back to reality. Wake up Seaweed Brain, we are slowing down Well thank you Captain Obvious Shut up Percy. Look down cause we are about to land in Tartarus I looked down and noticed that there was a strange red light below us and that I could see the end of the drop. Shit, we are about to land in hell. Literally. We sure are Seaweed Brain. I'm surprised you can even speak in complete sentences after not talking for several hours. She said with a sly smile. Shut up Wise Girl, I can speak fine I'm surprised you can talk after all of that childish screaming. I said with a smirk. Shut up and do something useful. We are almost to the bottom. She said as she mock-glared at me. Alright alright, I'll think of something. I went silent trying to sense what was below us and trying to figure out what to do, until I noticed water beneath us. Annabeth there is a river underneath us and I'm gonna use it to slow our fall completely. As soon I said this we reached the end of the pit we fell into and I used the river below us to land. Fortunately we landed safely. Unfortunately the river was the Lethe and it took all of my energy and focus to land us safely and keep the water away from us as we landed. When we got to the shore I collapsed from exhaustion. Damn that was a lot harder than I thought it would be. After we landed Annabeth began to do a quick survey of the area around us. She seemed absorbed in this until she realized I was not beside her and she looked around worriedly trying to find me. She eventually did find me because I have yet to move, and she came rushing over. Oh my gods! Percy are you okay? Yes I am okay Annabeth, I am just exhausted. Oh okay. I'm just glad that you aren't going to die on me Ha like I would die from a little bit of extreme exhaustion. I am far too awesome for that. *she rolls her eyes* well at least I know you haven't lost your sense of humor, Seaweed Brain. Shut up Wise Girl you know I really am that awesome. You are starting to sound like Apollo. Oh gods no! I don't wanna be Apollo. I might start spouting terrible haikus any minute now! I screamed in mock horror. If you say a haiku I promise that I will not hesitate to throw you in the Lethe. I survived once I'm sure I could do it again. Maybe Well I would figure out some way to punish you for being stupid, Seaweed Brain. Hey! I'm not stupid! I am actually quite intelligent. I cried with indignation. I can't believe you just used the words quite and intelligent together let alone in the same sentence. She stated in shock. Shut up Wise Girl. No, YOU shut up Seaweed Brain. -3 rd Person POV- While Percy and Annabeth continued to bicker back and forth, they both failed to notice the hundreds of recently reformed monsters approaching their position. The monsters failed to notice the mysterious man watching the couple and the monsters from above. -Annabeth's POV- After me and Seaweed brain stop bickering back and forth I hear a strange rumbling noise. Hey Percy, do you hear that rumble? What kind of rumble? The one from my stomach or from the army of monsters approaching us. What army of monsters? The one closing in on us, obviously. Damnit Percy why didn't you tell us there were monsters behind us? I just did Wise Girl, you know for being a child of Athena I thought you would be smarter. He said with his best shit-eating grin on his face. While I just sat there staring at Percy in astonishment I failed to notice Geryon, Krios, and Hyperion walking up behind us. "*clears throat* If you would please stop arguing so we can get to killing you guys in a satisfactory way now" Hyperion says. Shut up Hyperion, we are kinda busy right now. "Does it look like I care about your silly arguments" said Krios. No, but honestly I don't really care what you idiot titans think because if you actually stood a chance at killing us you already would have. Yeah, I don't know how many times I have to kill you guys before you learn that I really am just better than you. "Silence Jackson! You have no right to speak to us in that way! I am the great Titan of the East, Hyperion!" "And I am the great Titan of the South Krios! You should be bowing to us you stupid demigods. I don't care if you have defeated us before because we are the strongest we have ever been!" Ehhhh I still think I could kill ya in a one on one battle. I defeated Hyperion before and I'm stronger than Jason in a battle so I could probably beat you too Krios. "There is no way you could defeat both of us in a battle Jackson. Me and Hyperion are two of the strongest titans apart from Kronos himself." As I sat there listening to Percy taunt the titans I was trying to figure out a way to get out of this situation with our lives, and unfortunately I can't think of anything. I have come up with ideas but every time I think through them further I find flaws that will only lead to our deaths. I keep thinking and thinking until I notice that a mysterious third person has appeared. -Anthony's POV- I find myself amused by these demigods who were drug into my uncle's realm. The boy has some guts standing up to those titans like that, and the girl has a lot of knowledge especially since they were able to survive this long already. Quite the combination of brains and brawn they got going there. If any two were to survive Tartarus together it would be these two. I can't help but notice that they are in quite the pickle though, you know surrounded by monsters and such. As I look at them from my perch on the cliff I begin to think that the need my help, so I go to give it to them. I hop down from my perch and land in front of the blond girl. Who are you!? I will tell you when I feel as if I can trust you with the information. Well what are you doing here then? I am trying to figure out how to get me and my boyfriend Percy out of this situation. I am here to help you guys take care of these idiots before they wise up and notice your boyfriend is trying to stall them. Oh well how are you going to help us then? You'll see. She stares at my back in shock as I walk towards the two titans and this demigod named Percy. I begin to approach the three and I clear my throat to get their attention. Hey Sunshine and Twilight Sparkle! What are you guys talking about? "Who are you boy? Having the gall to call me something as stupid as Sunshine means you have guts, but guts won't get you anywhere against a titan lord" said Hyperion. What about you Twilight Sparkle? You gonna boast about how unstoppable you are as well? -Percy's POV- Here I am trying to look confident in front of 2 of the most powerful titans of our pantheon and utterly failing to hide the fact that I am exhausted and injured, then this random dude who looks slightly older than me, maybe early 20's, in a black-plaid button-down t-shirt and jeans, jumps in front of me and starts taunting the titans in front of me. I wonder if this guy is either really stupid or really powerful, possibly both. I mean who wears a button-down and slim-fit jeans to a battle. Did I mention he is wearing high-tops? Well he is wearing some designer high-tops into a damn battle! I've seen confidence, bravery, and machismo and this is none of those things. It seems like pure, utter stupidity and I'm not the brightest of the bunch either. As I sit here staring at this guys back he says something interesting and I listen. Waiting for you to start boasting Twilight Sparkle. Hit me up with the whole 'I'm sooooo much better that you' spiel. Wait wait wait….. Hold up. You are taunting these guys? You aren't even armed?! I say to the new guy. He turns to look at me and then looks around himself in confusion before looking at me again. Well it looks like I forgot my weapons at the bar. He says flashing me a stupid grin. You forgot your weapons at the bar. AT THE FUCKING BAR?! How did you even get here? Did you even come to help us? First off, I got here by jumping. Second off is yes I left them at the bar but I don't need them to help you guys defeat these titans anyway. -Krios POV- As Hyperion and I watch the 2 idiots I front of us argue I can't help but notice that I feel some sort of recognition for the newcomer in front of me. I completely ignore what he is saying as I try to figure out why I recognize him and where I recognize him from. His medium length spiky hair, lightly tanned skin, broad shoulders, and tall build don't ring any bells so I look at his eyes as h turns back to address us. His eyes are constantly changing colors but they have a constant ring of black around the iris. I rack my brain to find out his name and then it hits me. It's