Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter series. J.K. Rowling does. Also, in England during the summer time, the sun does not go down until about 10 to 11 pm. Lily's meeting with Severus is in the summer I think, or at least, it will be in this fanfiction. You will see why I mentioned this later on. Title: A Lily in Time Updates: Once a month (at least) Full summary: A nine year old Lily finds herself wandering the grounds of Hogwarts in 1991, the same year Harry begins his First year. Dumbledore has the great task of keeping her from harm's reach and her suspicious son. Will he be able to keep the vulnerable girl from Voldemort's Death Eaters? And just how does a certain Slytherin professor feel about this? Good question; he doesn't know. Chapter 1: A Green Light The night Lily Evans disappeared was the same night her parents invited Severus to their house. The two adults had heard much about the awkward boy from their daughters and couldn't wait to meet him. Each girl had an entirely different view of the boy. "He's a smelly poor git, I'd say!" proclaimed a disgusted and envious Petunia Evans one evening. She lifted her nose up in a superior way, glaring at her little sister who sat across the dinner table. Lily's face turned beet red. "You take that back! He is not! You don't even bother to get to know him!" she yelled. This was the fifth time this week that Petunia felt she had the right to mock Lily's newest friend. Mr. and Mrs. Evans glanced wearily at each other. 'Not this again.' they thought. Petunia scoffed at her sister's words. "As if! Who would want to get to know him? Have you never seen that big hook hanging from his face? Ew!" The older sister then proceeded to make a honking motion with her nose. She chuckled at the cruel joke. Lily, however, was not amused. "Oh, shut your trap Tuney! You're just jealous because me and Sev are the ones who actually possess talent, unlike you." Petunia's face twisted into an enraged expression at that. Lily smirked. There it was. The true reason for the green-eyed monster. "Why you little -" started Petunia. She began to reach over the table. Lily remained in her seat, getting ready to fight back if necessary. Mrs. Evans was appalled at the sudden turn of events. It was amazing how fast a solid relationship between two siblings could be destroyed within a month. The sisters had been so close before. Rarely did Petunia ever threaten to actually harm Lily. What had happened? "Stop it! The both of you! NOW!" she yelled. The sisters jumped back in their seats upon hearing their mother's demanding tone. They reluctantly did as they were told, but continued to give each other the stink eye. Petunia muttered something under her breath. Lily rolled her eyes. Mrs. Evans huffed. This was becoming ridiculous. "Listen girls. We have already decided that we would like to meet this boy, regardless. Petunia, if you can't behave yourself and act as a reasonable young lady, then you can remain in your bedroom. But don't you dare try to set one foot down those stairs; you will have until 6 o'clock to get something to eat and then you must remain up there until Severus leaves. If you do anything else, you will be grounded for a month. Do I make myself clear?" Petunia was stunned at this. Grounded for a month? Over a pathetic freak? She gaped at her mother. Lily almost laughed at how stupid she looked as her eyes bulged from their sockets. "What?! But that isn't fair! This is my house to-" "Am I clear ?" Mrs. Evans bellowed. She did not like repeating herself and seldom did she tolerate defiance. Lily watched as her sister gulped uneasily. "Y-yes ma'am." she murmured in defeat. Mr. Evans grinned approvingly at his wife. She was never one to be messed with. Once she put her foot down, there was no longer any ifs, ands, or buts. Just do as I say. Said person cleared her throat. "Alright then. Since that's settled, Lily..." Lily's green eyes met with her mother's. "Ask your friend if he would like to come to dinner next Friday. Tell him there will be plenty of food and games to play. If he declines, no harm done. We understand. If he needs a ride, we can make arrangements. Do you know where he lives?" Lily shook her head. "No, he's never shown me." And she had a sneaking suspicion as to why. "You so do know where he lives! His house is located in that despicable neighborhood near us; Spinner's End." Petunia insisted. Their parents were shocked at this revelation. "Spinner's End?" Mr. Evans repeated. He had never heard good things about that place. Petunia nodded, enthusiastically ceasing any opportunity that could get her parents on her side. "Yes. And what an awful place too! I hear there is so much crime that goes on over there and-" "Like you know everything Tuney!" Lily was not dumb; she knew what Petunia was doing. The other girl would spew out as many horrifying lies as she could as long as she got the attention she felt she deserved. "I know Sev's parent's aren't-" "Don't interrupt me FREAK!" "STOP CALLING ME THAT!" The china placed inside the cupboard behind Lily began to rattle. Mrs. Evans was getting ready to intervene again. She didn't want to have to buy another tea set. "WHY ARE YOU ALWAYS SO..." "LILY! I think it's time for the both of you to go to bed. No more talking for the rest of the evening. None. At. All." She emphasized that last part. Lily went to see what her father had to say about this, but he wasn't willing to come to her rescue. He agreed with her mum. "Goodnight. Love you two." he said, gesturing with his head for them to head off to their bedrooms. 'Tuney ruins everything.' Lily thought begrudgingly. She gulped down the remaining soup in her bowl and stood from her chair. Petunia was ignoring her, picking at a green bean with her fork. The young witch huffed before going to her room. She spread herself across her bed and gazed out her window. 'The stars are shining brightly tonight. They're so beautiful. I can even see the little dipper.' She remembered Sev telling her earlier that day how astrology could play a big part in casting certain spells... 'Wait.' Her eyebrows suddenly furrowed. Right. Sev. How was she going to get him to agree to meet her family? He was already uncomfortable around 'muggles' and worse...what if he saw it as them taking pity on him? It was obvious by his poor clothing and skinny body that he was from a poverty-stricken household. But he didn't seem like the kind to take sympathy, even if it wasn't her family's intentions. She covered her face with her hands. Oh, what was she going to do? Fortunately for her, it turned out to be not much. Severus was surprisingly glad at the thought of spending the night with her family. Besides, Tuney, of course. Not that that was shocking. She recalled blinking at him in surprise. "Really? You're okay with coming?" She had walked beside him as he struggled to maintain balance on a log. He was wearing a long dark smock and too little shorts at the time. A coat was used in a futile attempt to cover the stains that labeled the smock. She was amazed to see a red spot lingering on the coat's collar. It resembled blood. She had lifted her eyebrows but nonetheless didn't say anything. She had learned long ago not to ask questions about his appearance. "Yeah. Why wouldn't I?" His expression became more determined as he neared the end of the log. He was almost there. Lily shrugged, feigning ignorance, which wasn't true. She did know why. Her mind flitted with memories of Sev becoming introverted and distant as other human children gathered to play on the playground, refusing to get too close to them. Whenever somebody asked to be his playmate, he would automatically shut them down. Unless that person was her. "My parents also wanted to know if you needed a ride. They asked for your address." This statement seemed to be the straw that broke the camel's back. His concentration left him and he faltered, narrowly keeping himself from tumbling on Lily. "A ride won't be necessary." he replied, completely avoiding her second sentence. "So you're parents will be dropping you off then?" She watched him as he recollected himself, offering a hand out to help him. He didn't take it. His face grew dark. "No. Let's just meet here. Would 5 pm be good?" She knew that he was aware of her knowledge of him living in Spinner's End, but decided not to press him. If he didn't feel comfortable with them going to his house, then she would respect his privacy. "Sure." And that led her to this Friday evening. She was waiting on her parents so they could leave. Petunia decided to stay in her bedroom despite their mother's obvious disapproval. "I don't need to be in the company of another freak anyway. One is enough." she declared as she pushed past Lily up the stairs. Lily bit down on a retort. This was not the time to argue. She didn't want her parents backing out now. "Don't mind her Lil. I am sure your sister will get over her petty ways soon enough." her mother said, her eyes following the retreating form of her eldest daughter. She could be so selfish at times. "Let's hope so." came a voice from the front door. A head poked in to see the two females standing in the hallway. It was her father. "Come. The car is ready." It didn't take long for the car to find itself inside the playground's parking lot. After all, the playground was only a fifteen minute walk from the Evans' home. "You go fetch your friend and we'll stay here." instructed Mr. Evans. "Don't be gone for too long now." "Yes daddy." Lily departed from the car and went to her and Sev's spot between the trees. Sure enough, there he was. He was sitting on the ground with a large book in his lap. He was so absorbed in its contents that he failed to notice her presence. "Sev?" Lily stated. The boy snapped from his thoughts. He smiled at her as if he hadn't seen her in days. "Lily." He started to get up. It was at this moment that Lily realized that he attempted to look more pleasant this evening. He was wearing a black shirt that just reached his hips (quite a nice change for once, since most of his shirts were always way too small or drooped past his knees) and a pair of worn-out khakis. She wondered how long it took him to find such a pair. However, her focus zeroed in on the purplish mark that covered his jaw. It looked somewhat faint, almost as if someone had tried to hide it. She knew it hadn't been there yesterday. He must have noticed her scrutinizing him, because he suddenly shifted awkwardly on the murky grass. "What is it?" he asked. She knew he didn't want her to mention the bruise. "Nothing. Mum and dad is waiting in the parking lot for us." They then walked together towards the car. When Mr. and Mrs. Evans finally laid eyes on the boy that their daughter had been talking to for the past month, they felt themselves suddenly feeling sorry for the lad. He looked worn beyond his years and even though he tried his best to enhance his appearance, they could easily tell by