Summary: Katniss was just recently dumped by her boyfriend to go off to college and she was devastated but it's her junior year, she wasn't going to let anyone stand in her way to make most of it. She's officially the queen of Panem high, head cheerleader, and the junior class president. Finnick Odair is the new quarterback. Who just wants to have fun? High School story…. A/N: Hey guys, it's me Nicole the author of the river in reverse and I will be starting a new high school story about the hunger games gang and it will be Finniss or Everdair but like the river in reverse I will have them with other people before getting them together… And I will be using a lot of TV shows in this because I always imagine my fav characters saying their quotes and lines. But I do not own it and this chapter I used Suburgatory! I J'dore that TV show and I totes ship Tessa/Ryan but they are O.V.E.R over. Like I don't understand why… And some gossip girl. "Something Beautiful" (NEEDTOBREATHE) In your ocean, I'm ankle deep I feel the waves crashin' on my feet It's like I know where I need to be But I can't figure out, yeah I can't figure out Just how much air I will need to breathe When your tide rushes over me There's only one way to figure out Will ya let me drown, will ya let me drown Hey now, this is my desire Consume me like a fire, 'cause I just want something beautiful To touch me, I know that I'm in reach 'Cause I am down on my knees, I'm waiting for something beautiful Oh, something beautiful. Today's officially my first day in Panem high, I used to go to another school but Panem begged me to move to their school and offered me quarterback because their quarterback left for College. And he was a living legend in Capitol. He was the best quarterback Panem ever had and they have the best. They always win, I mean every year. That's why I accepted because all of the quarterbacks now played for the biggest football teams in the country. This guy named Peter or Peeta's now giving me and this copper haired girl name Annie a tour. He's lean, medium size, blonde and from all his babbling he's a football player. "I don't know about your old schools but here, we hang out were we belong." Peeta turns to me. "Since you're the quarterback you hang out with the cool kids in ramp." I raised an eyebrow. "The ramp?" Okay, in my old school we have cliques but we have whatever they called the ramp. Oh finny have you got yourself into. "Here in Panem, we, the populars; have certain places only we can access, like the ramp, I'll show you later during lunch." I nod once and he turns his attention to Annie. "Okay, I'm only telling you this because you have potential. You're pretty but if you want to be popular, drop your style, I suggest burn your clothes and replace it with a whole new wardrobe of clothes." I wanted to punch him for being a dick but Annie answered. "Replace them with what style?" Peeta looks around and pointed when found what he wanted. "You see what that girl is wearing? The hot one with dark brown hair and grey eyes?" I darted my eyes in that direction and looked for brown hair and grey eyes standing by an open locker, giggling. "Like her?" Annie asks unsure. The girl they were looking at wore something Annie would never wear. The girl wore tight crop top, high waisted skinny jeans and some combat boots, while Annie wore jeans and t shirt… "Yep, don't bite her style to hard. You want to impress her not get on her bad side." He paused, chewing on his bottom lip and then continued but his tone wasn't cheerful like before. "Trust me. Her bad side is bad, especially because her boyfriend just dumped her to go to college." I didn't listen to a word he said but I analysed the girl. She's hot, I'll give her that but she's probably just some dumb bitch like other popular girls. "She doesn't look all that." Annie chirped. Peeta's blue eyes bugged out. "Don't say that! If anyone hears you…" He paused again thinking of the right word to say. "How shall I rephrase this…? Goner. You are gone." Annie scoffs. "What the hell does she think she can do to me?" "A lot of things, Katniss is a bitch and a smart one!' Annie still acted like she doesn't believe him. "Don't take my word for it. The last girl messed with Katniss dropped out because she couldn't take her tormenting. And Katniss did a lot of damage; the girl got totally beat up. Katniss pulled her hair and her scalp with it!" "I'll listen to him if I were you." Some girl said. "I'm Madge." She held out her hand and I took it and gave it a firm squeeze. "So, Peeta, are you coming to funeral?" "Yes. I wouldn't miss it for the world." Peeta said enthusiastically. "How's Katniss handling it?" What are they talking about? "Who died?" Annie asks as confuse as I am. "No one died, silly!" Madge exclaimed. "It's Panem' tradition. We have a ceremony for those left for college. Like official goodbyes and we watch the mini films, burn stuff but it's mostly for Gale Hawthorne, our old quarterback. We'll watch the videos that filmed that were filmed for this, like, about his experience and love life here in Panem." "Okay then..." I mumbled. "And as for Katniss… I don't know, she's crying all the time and when she's not, she's a bitch. She's not herself… I really hope this funeral is going to help her get over Gale. I keep telling her it's going to be okay, she can just follow Gale when she goes to college but she's... argh!.. I can't stand her being like this. It's unlike her and I don't know what to do!" "She's going to be okay, knowing Katniss this is only going to last a week." Peeta said, rubbing Madge shoulder. Madge frowns. "A week? Peeta it's been months since Gale left. He left before even summer began to go to this stupid holiday with his mates, and probably already fucked so much girls he can't remember and the only thing Katniss have done is play tonsil hockey with my brother and Gloss!" Madge snapped and then mumbled a 'sorry'. Peeta's eyes bugs out. "Katniss made out with your brother? Katniss and Marvel? Made out? Katniss?" Mage ignored him. "Ignore him; he's just jealous because he's been in love with Katniss since 8th grade." Madge raised her arm and looks at the time. "We should go to the auditorium, the bells about to go. The auditorium was packed. I guess they really value their traditions here. Peeta dragged me up the front row with him and he introduced me with his friends. I met; Johanna Mason, a crazy bitch but seems pretty cool. And then Glimmer, she's kinda slutty and threw herself at me and her other siblings whom are seniors Cashmere and Gloss, twins. Clove, a short girl but with the strength of a man. Madge's brother, Marvel, who's really funny and a perv. He jokes about getting girls naked. And then there's Cato; captain of Lacrosse. He's okay, I guess. A little anger issues but he's normal. And normal is all that I need to survive this school. "Where's Katniss?" Cashmere asks Peeta. "I don't know." Peeta shrug. "She's supposed give a speech, because Gale put her up to it. Didn't you guys know that?" Johanna asked, looking at everyone. "Not even you Madge?" Madge looks down on the floor, looking ashamed. "It's not like she tells me everything." "That's what questions are for! Seriously you always complain about Katniss being a bitch when you, her own BFF, is a bitch herself. Katniss already has enough on her plate and you guys are not helping by complaining with her bitchiness, when you don't even bother try to understand her!" I kept to myself and just watched them. There's clearly tension, and I judge Johanna too quickly about her being crazy but her morals are great. "Careful Jojo, you sound as if you actually care." Cato teased. She groans. "I do care, unlike you bitches!" "Shut up Johanna! Just because you know one thing about Katniss that I didn't doesn't mean you're suddenly her best friend!" Johanna stepped closer to Madge and Madge did to Johanna. Peeta stepped in. "It's only the first day without Gale and your already up each other's ass! How will we stick together without Gale or glue?" Johanna and Madge steps back from each other. "We need a new glue." They unison and they looked at each other and grins. "But who?" Glimmer spoke for the first time. And all eyes landed on me. "No" I exclaimed. "No, no, no, no!" I shook my head violently, and raised my hand above my head. Why do they even want me to? Seriously? They don't even know me. "You're quarterback, means you're the leader of the pack" Peeta says in the matter of fact. That's true. It's in the movies and in my old school the quarterback is the leader. "How do you even be the 'Glue?" They all look clueless. "We don't know, Gale just did it." "I'm not Gale!" I defended. "But you're a lot like him! You're looks. Well not really he has grey smouldering eyes and your eyes are bright. But your both seem like the brooding type." Madge says unsure. They all look at me desperately that I almost pitied them, almost. "I'll think about it." We were all sat down in out seat. Johanna, me, a reserved spot for Katniss, Madge, Gloss, Marvel, Glimmer and Cashmere. The stage was well organised; A podium and photos in a stand in a line but the biggest of them all were the one with a written name; Gale Hawthorne. The school principal; Alma Coin, began to make her speech. "We are gathered here today to honour those whom graduated. They will be missed. For starters I would like to welcome in our Senior Class president, Carissa Fox." Johanna leaned in close to me but not to close. "That's Carissa, we call her Fox or Foxface because she's cunning and agile but careful with her she tends to fall hard with guys and gets a little nutty." "Thanks for the heads up." She nods and sank back in her seat. A fiery haired girl walked up to the podium, taking the principals spot. "I'm only making this short because majority of people here is just here for Gale Hawthorne." The crowd chuckled because it's the truth. "Well, I'm just going to say congratulations to the siblings of the graduates here and I know how proud you all must be. As I am with my brother, Blight Fox. And I want to say that, they will be missed. And welcome in our head cheerleader, Katniss Everdeen." The brunette stepped in the stage and I could feel the populars tense beside me. Katniss face was puffy. It was obvious that she's been crying. "And present her with Gale's letterman jacket." A boy with ran in the stage holding the neatly folded jacket and handed it to Carissa or Foxface who handed it to Katniss. She hugged it tight around her chest and unfolded it, slipping it on. Katniss then slowly walked up to the podium with her arms crossed. I could see how nervous she is, she was a mess. The giggling girl I was earlier is now replaced with a scared little girl. "Okay." She started. "I honestly don't' even want to come up but