I see the girl from 12, and without thinking I draw a knife from my belt and throw it at her. It grazes her head and she falls, but quickly regains balance and draws her bow. I'm now running towards her as she begins to fire at me. She shoots one, I dodge; a second. It hits but I am now to close for it to do any damage. I pounce onto her and we struggle until I finally pin her down, and say the first thing that comes to mind. "Look, sound, and be intimidating." Cato's words ring through my head. I had already decided to trust him. I figured if he was so confident, and had kept me alive this long, I should. I wear a viscous look and speak. "Where's Lover Boy?" I say. "Is he okay, I'm very worried?" I say in my head. "Oh I see you were going to help him right? Well that's sweet. Well it's too bad you couldn't help your little friend. That little girl. What was her name again? Rue?" I say aloud "I'm so sorry, I told Marvel not to do it, but he did anyway." I say mentally "Yeah well we killed her." I say and quickly draw a small but lethal knife, and run it across her cheek. "And now, I'm going to kill you." I say raising my knife. But I don't want to. I just want to go home; escape from these cruel games. When suddenly I feel a hand on my arm and I am lifted into the air, and slammed onto the walls of the giant metal cornucopia. I stand in the crowd in the park patiently, staring at the stage in front of me, my heart throbbing uncontrollably in my chest. My light blue dress is now damp with sweat. The way it always did, since I was twelve, and I was forced to enter my name into these games, along with every other kid from ages 12-18. We live in a country called Panem. We are split into 12 areas called districts. Our main purpose is to supply goods to the governing city known as "The Capitol." They live in luxury while most of us starve…most of us. Some of us are more fortunate, and live in district 1 and 2. I live in 2. 1 produces luxury items, such as furniture, expensive cloth, and everything purple. The Capitol seems to love that color. We produce Masonry, mostly graphite. The Capitol buildings are pretty much entirely made of stone, and we produce a lot of stone. But regardless they still force us to sacrifice one male and one female tribute to compete in what they call "hunger games" 75 years back some of the districts rebelled, and started a war against the Capitol. In a swift retaliation, the subdued us by showing us how truly powerful they were. They destroyed their main threat. District 13. They produced nuclear weapons. After they ended our reign of rebellion they started these "games" Each district sacrifices there tributes, which are chosen at random, from a bowl that everyone who qualifies name is put into. The games are televised and are mandatory to watch in the districts, but the Capitol people watch it for fun. Lucky for us, the Capitol likes 1 and 2, and we are given a sort of special treatment. They allow us to train for these games to prepare us if we were ever picked, which is strictly forbidden for the other districts. We are given the name "Career Tributes" by the other districts. My thoughts are cut of but a booming voice. "Hello, hello, hello!" Says a peppy Cornelius Button. He was assigned to represent our district years ago. He lives in the Capitol, and is never seen elsewhere the month before and after the games. I despise the way the Capitol people dress. Cornelius has neon green hair that coils up into a sort of drill on the side of his head. He wears a bright orange plaid suit that looks way too small for him. The accent annoys me as well; a sort of British Country mixture, which sounds terribly annoying when spoken. "Well, well! What a lovely crowd. NOW! Let's start the 74th annual Hunger Games with a BANG !" Says Cornelius. "But first; we have a video sent all the way from the Capitol." He finishes. The video is the same one they play every year. "War, terrible war," The speakers boom loudly. I cover my ears but the sound finds its way in. "13 districts that rebelled against the Capitol that loved and nourished them," It continues. Love and nourished?! AS IF! My thoughts are lost as the video continues. "Then the peace came," It say, then I shut off my hearing as I do every year at this point. I stand there pretending I can't hear it until it ends. "Ladies first," Cornelius says sinisterly the instant the video ends. He fishes his hand around the bowl and yanks out a name. He clears his throat and reads the name. With my eyes clenched together so hard that they hurt, until he speaks it. "Clove Enderwood," NO! THAT WAS ME! I scan around the park way until I meet my sister's eyes. She was 18! She had trained long enough! She will volunteer for me! She has to! But she says nothing, but the words. "I-I'm sorry." A guard from the Capitol grabs me and brings me to the stage. "Hello, young lady. Do you want to draw for the boys?" Cornelius says grimly. I slowly shake my head no, the tears blurring my vision to a point that I don't see what he does next. All I hear is the name. "Lucas Tallman," Says Cornelius. But before the boy can move a voice calls out. "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" A bold voice calls. I start to hear loud footsteps trot onto the stage. And a tall young man now stands beside me, seeming equally scared and confident. "What your name son?" Cornelius says. He stutters his name. "C-C-C-Cato Tallman." He says. Of course this kid's sibling volunteered, but mine is too scared to. My crying had stopped enough to examine him. He is tall, about 6'2'; he is like a mountain next to me. He is very muscular and handsome. He has short shaggy blonde hair, which is glued down by sweat, just like everyone else in the crowd. He looks at me and his ocean blue eyes stare into my soul. I already know he has made me a target. "Well, that's all for today folks! HAPPY HUNGER GAMES! AND MAY THE ODDS BE EVER IN YOUR FAVOR!" Shouts Cornelius cheerfully. We are ushered into a car and taken to a train station. A group of Capitol guards move us into a high-tech train and Cato and I are sent straight to a dining table. Cornelius and a woman that I know as Enobaria wait for us. Enobaria won these games once. About 10 years ago I think. I was happy they chose her out of the pool of district 2 victors to mentor us. I remember watching her games. I was 6, but the brutality didn't bother me. She was 18 if I remember correct. She had become famous for how she won the game. She ended up with the male tribute from district 9 pinned on her, and she leaned her head forward and ripped out his throat with her teeth. It was disgustingly cool. After the games, she had the Capitol sharpen her teeth to a point because it had become her trade mark. She was stunningly gorgeous. She had dark skin and jet black hair. They guards sit us on either side of each other. Enobaria begins to speak displaying her sharpened teeth. "So this is what we got this year? I've seen better, but we can make it work." Enobaria says looking at my puffy eyes. "Oh but aren't they just lovely?" Says Cornelius obviously unhappy with Enobaria's remark. She lays her head on the table and examines her empty plate. "He's fine I guess." She says pointing Cato's direction. "What's your name boy?" She demands. "C-C-Cato," He stutters under his breath. "Oh were going to have to fix that lisp!" She demands. "I-It's o-only when I get n-n-nervous." He stutters strongly. "Fine! Just don't get nervous then." She says. A group of Capitol slaves from the districts come in. They call them "Avoxs" for some reason. There usually prisoners of the Capitol from the districts. They have their tongues cut out so they can't talk. The thought of it makes me nauseous. They set food onto our table and Cato doesn't hesitate to dig in. I could tell by the way he quickly ate he was from the poorer part of the district. They still get their fair share of food, but for a growing teen, what they get isn't really enough. Cornelius stares in disgust at Cato, but Enobaria just laughs and follows along; snarling and chomping the way he does. We stay on the train for the rest of the uneventful day. Enobaria takes a liking for Cato, and a disliking for me. Cornelius keeps his distance from us. And Cato does not talk to me once. When we arrive at the Capitol everything is beautiful. The walls are made of stone like usual. There are beautiful meadows. And everything is high tech. We are quickly put into a building were we are stripped and hosed down but ridiculous looking Capitol stylists. They are afraid of allowing any of our filth into the Capitol I assume. After they dry me off, they send me into another room were a short old man sits. "Oh good you finally here." He says in a muffled accent, which is in no way a Capitol one. He motions to a ridiculous outfit and has me put it on. I suddenly relive what this is for. The tribute parade. I hate this. They put us in stupid costumes and parade down to the Capitol city hall in chariots for the world to see (again another mandatory program). I examine the outfit and sigh at its sight. It's some sort of golden breast plate with a crown with giant golden wings attached to it. They pants are small but spray painted golden. He once again points to it, and I dress myself in it. "You like?" The man asks. "Um…it's a little heavy." I say trying to hold up my costumes weight. "Of course! It made of pure medal!" He shouts back. He shoos me through a backdoor and I am now in a lobby along with all 24 other tributes. I find my way to Cornelius Enobaria and Cato, and they all greet me…except Cato, he remains quite. Cato and I are lifted onto a black chariot and then sent out into the streets of the Capitol. There are rows and rows of people scream in delight at the sight of us. We raise or hands into the air as directed by and hyped up Cornelius in the crowd. We earn some attention but it is quickly lost when the tributes from district 12 come out. District 12 is one of the poorest districts because they produce coal, and the Capitol is way too high-tech to need coal. But they are wearing black leather suits that are set on fire. SET ON FIRE! It looks amazing but I can't look for long because our chariot stops and the president of Panem begins to speak. He is a tall portly man. His white beard and hair make him obviously old. But with the amazing advancements in medicine, he still looks like he is in his 40's. Once his long and boring speech ends we are sent into another lobby, that is very similar to the one we started in. We