BRANDY HALL Volume One Part 1: Ethereal Light SUMMARY: Welcome to Brandy Hall, the great ancestral home of the Brandybuck family, often described as a rabbit's warren filled with soft-headed hobbits dwelling on the wrong side of the river and doing things as preposterous as swimming and tree-climbing. Or more precisely, welcome to the story of some of the earliest and arguably most important years in the life of the most famousest of hobbits. From his own birth, to the drowning of his parents, to the birth of his first best friend, to the fateful adoption that may have altered the course of history, inside you will find the chronicles of the early years of Frodo Baggins. DISCLAIMER: I do not own the work of J.R.R. Tolkien, as much as I would like to, and do not intend to step on any toes or steal anyone's property. Several of the characters, however, are mine. I have a total of 101 chapters planned out for this. I know, that's a lot. But don't be intimidated! I've put a lot of work into research on this and making an effective flow, so it should be interesting enough. This is certainly an experience for me, so I hope it will be one for you as well. On with the story, then... 20th of Halimath, 1368 S.R. Bilbo was sitting study in Bag End, going through the pile of letters he'd pulled out of the mailbox that day. He scanned them one by one, reading them aloud then commenting to himself. "A letter from Dora... wonderful," he crooned sarcastically. "Let's see- 'Hello dear Bilbo, I hope you're doing well and that this letter finds you in good health and relaxed as someone of your age should be'-" Here he grunted and gave the letter an accusatory glance. "'Someone of my age'? Completely unnecessary to bring that up, isn't it?" He continued to read, "Formalities, formalities, ah- 'Primula is quite close to giving birth. I hear from Drogo's letters that everyone over there in Buckland is quite excited and ready for the child. He sounded immensely excited himself, the dear, and that's to be expected as he and Prim have been trying for some offspring tirelessly for a few years, as you well know'." He let out a short laugh. "As you well know," he repeated. "Surely everyone in the Shire knows with the busy-bodied, half-witted gossips that parade about..." He continued, "Let's see, 'I wondered when Drogo last wrote to you, Bilbo. In fact I wondered when anyone last wrote to you other than me and your financial advisers and whatnot. It's fortunate for you that I keep up on the happenings for you, because I'm quite sure you'd never be up-to-date on anything otherwise.' Oh, yes, Dora! Why else might I want to interact with people? This is exactly why I stay in here more than I go out. This is what I get when I try not to be a hermit." He sighed and finished the letter, tossing it out and picking up the next one. "From Gorbadoc Brandybuck. Hm. Alright then," he opened it and read it to himself. It appeared that Rorimac's time to take his father's place as Master of Brandy Hall, and all of Buckland had come. "I am getting old, Bilbo, and I am ready for a good retirement. We both know Rory is ready to be Master of the Hall and with Saradoc having wed Esmeralda Took this past year, there are hopes for the continuation of his line. I do hope you will visit for your birthday again this year, the children do adore your gifts, strange and dwarven-made as they are. I am looking forward to the arrival of my next grandchild and this time I will enjoy it without responsibilities to Buckland keeping me occupied. I hope the babe arrives when you are here, if you come." The rest of the remarks were mostly formalities but Dora's letter and Gorbadoc's had put an idea in Bilbo's mind. 23rd of Halimath, 1368 S.R. Sunset had cast its last rays over Brandy Hall, painting the sky with purple and red as it sank to the ground. Bilbo stopped in his tracks to watch its dying colors reflected in the sky for a moment before moving to the large front door and knocking as loudly as he could without injuring himself. Poppy Proudfoot, a plump, middle-aged serving lass in the kitchens, happened to be hanging up some things in the entry hall and made her way to the great door. She opened it to see a face she remembered from her younger days, a little lass listening to the amazing stories of a mysterious and "cracked" gentlehobbit. Her face broke into a smile. "Master Bilbo! So good to see you! Come in, come in!" She ushered him inside, taking his pack and hanging up his coat and immediately beginning to ask all her questions. "How was your trip? You walked, didn't you?" She handed him back his pack as he chuckled and simply said "Yes..." "Why, sometimes I think you must really be mad! You've travelled more than anyone I know- and walking, too! You couldn't have hired a wagon, or at least a pony?" Poppy put her hands on her hips disapprovingly. "Well, I enjoy-" "I'm messing with you, dear Bilbo," she cut him off, laughing. "However you got here, you've come at a most opportune time. My sister Anthurium- oh, you do know Anthurium, don't you? She's married to Merimac, Mister Rory's second son-" "Yes, yes, I remember," Bilbo interrupted with a frown. Anthurium was something of a gossip and not Bilbo's favorite person. Poppy went on, unfazed, "Well, Anthurium was helping with the delivery and she told me yesterday that Primula-that's your cousin Drogo's wife-" "I'm aware." "-delivered a healthy baby boy yesterday!" "Really?" Bilbo was quite shocked. Drogo's long awaited son arriving on his own birthday? It was quite an interesting coincidence. "Well... He's healthy now, anyway..." Poppy amended. Bilbo have her a questioning look. "He's quite the tiny lad. Small as anything and he had some trouble breathing at first but his father held him and told him he needed to breathe and he listened! Fascinating, I think," she said. "Well, where are my manners?" She suddenly whispered. "Come on in, I'd best be off and settin' the table, now." Poppy bustled off as Esmeralda, wife to Saradoc, Rory's eldest son, approached, herding a rowdy group of children out of her way before giving Bilbo a grand hug. "Good old Bilbo!" She laughed knowingly. "How was your trip? You walked, didn't you?" Bilbo, sighing, answered, "Indeed, and will I ever hear the end of it?" "Of course not," she told him matter-of-factly. "Did it go well? Having your birthday on the road as well..." She began leading him down the hall, avoiding rambunctious children playing on the floor. "Yes it did, as a matter of fact," Bilbo said. "My birthday was quite pleasant and I have brought some belated presents for everyone. And how have you been at Brandy Hall?" Esmeralda stopped and opened a a guest room door, the one he usually used, ushering him in, before answering, "Twice as busy as usual!" Bilbo chuckled and lowered his pack. "But I'm sure you are such a help to have around. I'm dreadfully sorry to have missed your and Saradoc's wedding last Foreyule. The weather was so awful, you know, and the trip would have been dangerous...Congratulations, by the way..." Esmeralda smiled softly. "Oh... No, no, you're forgiven. It's understandable; that was a bad year for snow. The wedding was excellent. I know you'll be wanting to visit with Drogo and Prim and meeting a certain someone, and I'd best be helping Poppy with dinner, now. It's wonderful to have you back, Bilbo." She shut the door behind her. The Baggins' quarters in Brandy Hall were connected to the Master's, but at their request had plenty of privacy. "As soon as I'm well enough to travel we're going back to the farm," Primula had told her parents. She could be quite a headstrong lass when she wanted to. She and Drogo were very proud of their little farm in Crickhollow and hated to leave it alone. Drogo stood in the little kitchen connected to their quarters, chopping vegetables and putting them in a stew. A knock came from the door. Primula, feeding Frodo from the rocking chair in the master bedroom, looked up as Drogo ushered Bilbo in quietly. Pleasantly surprised, she greeted him. "Well, good evening! I must apologize, I'm in the middle of feeding my little Frodo..." She smiled tenderly at the child. Trying with some difficulty to hide his amazement at the child in front of him, Bilbo nodded. "Frodo... So that's his name? Beautiful." Drogo cleared his throat and addressed his wife, "Prim, you remember my second cousin Bilbo Baggins, yes?" "Ah, yes! I do now," Primula laughed, recognizing their guest. "You'll be pleased to know that out of all of Drogo's family, you are the first to visit Frodo!" Bilbo was embarrassed, but not surprised. "Indeed, I am, though I must admit I was not even aware you had given birth until I arrived at Brandy Hall. I haven't really spoken with the rest of the Baggins family in awhile, but Dora wrote to me and said you were quite close to delivery. I thought a visit and some exercise were overdue anyway. I suppose the rest of the Bagginses will be along in their carriages and wagons eventually. He's such a tiny lad..." Primula, attempting to lighten the mood, pulled Frodo out from under her nursing apron and nodded to Bilbo. "Why, you haven't even seen him yet! Here we are!" Drogo pulled a chair over from the desk for Bilbo and said, "Go ahead and have a seat. I'd better make sure the stew isn't catching fire." He winked at his wife and left the room. "I'm surprised not to see your sisters or the other Ladies of the Hall in here with the babe," Bilbo commented. Primula smiled sheepishly at him, "They certainly were before. They've had plenty of time to ooh and ahh over my little lad before I sent them off to help with dinner. I needed some privacy then, but your arrival is most convenient. All done, my love?" Primula asked her squirming son. "There we are. Time to be burped. Would you like to burp him, Bilbo?" Bilbo, sitting down and feeling suddenly awkward, stuttered, "Oh, I- I don't have any experience burping a child. I'm not sure I'm quite prepared for that job..." With a laugh, Primula told him, "Well, then I think you ought to be taught." Primula placed Frodo over her shoulder and patted his back gently. Frodo soon let out a satisfactory burp, and Primula returned him to the original position. "Well done, my lad! There now, open your eyes for Cousin Bilbo, why don't you?" She instructed as she handed him to Bilbo. Bilbo smiled at the new mother. "Well, if they're anything as beautiful as his mother's, I'm sure I'll be quite-" Frodo opened his eyes and blinked at Bilbo once before staring at him, revealing the luminous blue. The gentlehobbit was taken aback. He finished his sentence, now whispering hoarsely, "...Stunned. Sweet Eru, what gorgeous eyes! I can't fathom... I've never seen any eyes as beautiful as this." Primula gazed at her son. "Can you believe them? Ethereal. I can tell just by looking at him that he is meant for great things." "He's so small, smaller than most infants even, and yet there's this light in him," Bilbo observed. Primula looked up at Bilbo now. "I wouldn't be surprised if we had somehow been sent an elf child from one of your stories..." Bilbo laughed, but did not tear his eyes from the infant's. "Indeed, he looks as if he could