PLOT: The Cullen boy haven't been paying that much attention to their wives lately. And the women are getting impatient. So they take action-make the boys jealous with other boys, and they guys will turn around. Right? Sigh. Fail. Hey, it's cullenluver12 here. New story, cause I like that. I update randomly. Let's see if I can keep up with my story XD I love reviews. They are my inspiration. Please, review. Enjoy:) Song of the Day: See the Sun by the Kooks Esme POV "Carlisle. Carlisle? Hello?" I tapped on Carlisle's office door, leaning against the doorframe. My handsome husband sat at his desk, his blonde hair slightly ruffled—an abnormality, for vampires, I've come to realize—and his tie loosened around his neck. Papers were neatly stacked in piles around the room, and the quiet steady rhythm of a pen scribbling against paper filled the room. Light started to stream into the room, the start of yet another morning of an eternity. "Carlisle." I tried again, trying to smother the flame of impatience I held against my husband. Finally, he looked up, shadows under his eyes darker than I've seen them in a long time. The move to Chicago was a drastic change from Seattle, and before that, Forks. To be fair, we hadn't the time to hunt. "Yes, darling?" He said, almost tiredly. As if we could get tired. I suppressed the urge to sigh, because my handsome darling husband had seem to have forgotten that today was the day we were supposed to go out and find new curtains for the living room. With him at the hospital all the time, it's hard to corner him into doing things. You'd think having a vampire husband would be different. We don't have to eat. We don't have to sleep. The sex is great, we're wealthy, I've six beautiful children, a wonderful granddaughter and her beloved. Whenever I go to the store to buy food for Renesmee and to keep up appearances, I get plagued by women, who come up to me as I stand there in the frozen food aisle, and say "What a perfect husband you have," and "It must be easy being the wife of such a wonderful man." Now, I'm not ungrateful. Carlisle is, with every sense of the word, my soulmate and damn near perfect. I would not trade him for the world, and I love him more than I ever thought I could love. But he is a man, my dear women. And vampire or not, it does not morph him into a super perfect supreme being. He can be sloppy still, he leaves the door unlocked at times, and ask him how to save a human after they've been attacked by a vampire and he can walk you through all of the steps one by one—yet he fails to remember at times simple tasks like how we should be picking out curtains by now. "Yes?" Carlisle repeats. I gave him a look, realizing that I'd been silently musing for a bit, and placed a hand on my hip. "Must I remind you that we are to pick the curtains out today, Carlisle." I smoothly said, coming into the room and approaching his oak desk, still holding up after all of the many moves we'd gone through... and other activities. Carlisle pursed his lips and exhaled heavily, avoiding eye contact as he leaned back in his chair. "I've a shift at the hospital tonight, dear. A meeting, before that as well. Can we not pick out curtains another day?" I stared into his golden eyes, the eyes that years ago would stop my heart just by glancing at me. Until they became the eyes that actually did stop my heart—literally. "Carlisle Cullen, you are doing it again." I said, taking papers and straightening them. "What do you mean? Doing what?" "I mean, you're putting your work before what needs to be done again . This is the second time you have said for this to wait when I told you that I have to redecorate the Joneses house this month and I won't have free time for a while." "Yes, dear, but do we really need curtains? Is it necessary that I come to this particular activity?" The look I gave him in reply must have made him try for a new approach in replying, because he hastily added, "I agree with you completely. I apologize. But we're almost at a break through here-a cure for cancer, Esme!" His unfocused eyes glistened as they pleaded with me for a reprieve, and I sighed in defeat, knowing I couldn't say no to that. Was it possible for someone to be too caring, "perfect", dedicated? "I understand, Carlisle." And with those words that I knew would be all the motivation he needed to finish working, I turned on my heel to leave the room. "Uh, Esme?" He asked after a moment, and a strange feeling of hope arose within me. I paused at the familiar spot in the doorway, raising an eyebrow. "Yes?" "Where are the kids? They were telling me how they all planned to get jobs this year." I tried not to let the waves of shock and irritation tone my answer. "Jasper's been working on psychology lately. Alice will work at some mall store, Edward has taken a job at Piano & Co., right next to the book shop that Bella will work at soon. Emmett's been at the new Hunting and Camping store, and Rosalie hasn't decided yet. Renesmee has taken up painting, and Jacob has been on patrol lately." Carlisle nodded for a second, eyes distant, and I turned to leave again. "Esme?" "What, Carlisle?" I snapped, no longer bothering to lighten my mood. Ignoring this, Carlisle was turned towards his desk once again, scanning documents as he said "Nothing important, dearest, it's just that there's an ink stain on the hem of the side of your blouse." Sure enough, a blue spot beneath my arm tainted my pristine tailored shirt. Biting the inside of my cheek, I firmly shut the door behind me. "So glad you noticed, dearest." I muttered, as I stomped away. Rosalie POV "I mean, they've got this cool shooting range that has lasers. I thought about getting one for the house just to practice with-" I bit my lip and resisted the urge to scream. "Emmett, pass me the wrench please." Since I couldn't get out from under the car myself, I had made Emmett come to the garage with me and give me the parts and tools like we used to. Which proved to be the biggest mistake I've made in a while, ever since he took that job at the hunting and camping store here in Chicago. We'd all made the decision to get summer jobs, and now school was about to start and Emmett was fully intent on killing me slowly in useless ramblings about his new occupation. Emmett either ignored what I was saying, or didn't hear me over the constant babbling he was doing. He sat on the table I kept my tools, and talked. "I also was thinking about getting one of those tents, to camp outside. We haven't done that in a while. Of course, I'd have to see what the best offer was at the store, which would mean spending even more time." "That's great honey. Hand me the wrench." "I can do more time though. I mean it's really, really cool Rose. I wish we had one of those when I was younger, but all we had was—" "Ned Stan's Bait Shop," I finished for him, "I know, Emmett. Hand. Me. The. Wrench." Emmett looked at me, and tossed me the tool. It bounced twice and slid under the car next to me and near my ankles. Dammit. "So help me God if I get a hold of that wrench Emmett, it's going straight for your head." He'd thrown the wrench without direction, nor a care. I know that, because if he wanted to, he could have thrown it at an angle and have had it slide in next to me. "Sorry Rosie." I slightly melted at the nickname he still called me. Proof that he cared for something other than the temporary job he had and stupid human things. And then I heard a beep, and him check his messages, and my mood instantly died. "Oh. It's almost my shift. Have to be getting to work." In a last attempt to capture his attention, I slid out from under the car, intent on using seduction methods if necessary to get him to show something towards me, anything, other than fleeting interest. I wore my ratty daisy dukes, courtesy of my last shopping trip. I was in a white tight t-shirt, one that hugged every curve and didn't quite cover my midriff. I was slightly dirty and my hair was slipping out of its bun. I was sexy, and I knew it. He kissed my cheek and jogged out of the garage. I stood there, stunned, as I heard his jeep door open and close, and him pull out of the driveway and away to work. I don't think I've ever felt this much emotional turmoil in my life. BELLA'S POV "Edward, what's this about you working from 4 to 10 Monday through Saturday? We don't get out from school until 3:30 anyways!" I walked up behind my husband as he ran his fingers through his hair and organized his music. I loved our new bedroom, despite my humble nature preferring the coziness of smaller spaces that couldn't fit grand pianos in them. It made for soothing romantic nights- or it would, I corrected myself. Romance, as well as my husband, had made itself sparse in my life these past few months. "Bella, this is something I'm really interested in. I haven't had a job that I've wanted in such a long time…" He intensely stared at me, a trick that after 12 years of marriage I knew meant 'I'm-trying-to-sucker-you-into-saying-yes.' And it wasn't going to work. I trained my eyes on his level ones, and narrowed them. "And when are we supposed to see each other if you're spending all of your time in a music store and we have no classes except for lunch?" I crossed my arms in defiance. "All the time in between! Love, it's not like we sleep." He said, as if I hadn't thought of that already. To keep my temper back, I leaned against the vintage bookcase I'd ordered online two years ago, one of my few favorite possessions for its rugged look at character. Edward, unsurprisingly, hated it, and had begged me to order a much nicer, modern one. "I know that, but how is Renesmee going to see you?" I asked, no longer afraid of pulling out the trusty guilt card. He paused, pen rested for a moment. "She can visit me at work. Human dads work all the time, with hours worse than I. Bella, I need you to understand…" It appears the guilt card no longer deserved its "trusty" title. "I get it, I get it. No need to get all slow on me." I grumbled, watching him press notes on his piano. Light steadily streamed inside the window, and I knew Jacob would be coming back with Renesmee. She and Claire had been spending a lot of time together, and I trusted Jake to keep an eye on her while she went. "Well, when do you start at the bookstore?" Edward asked after noticing my frustration, getting up to kiss my forehead. He just as quickly turned around to finish packing music up. I rolled my eyes as he began quickly pressing keys. "Tomorrow, actually. After school, until 7. Jake will pick Renesmee up and drive her home, and Esme will be here for a while until she has to-" "Bella, shhh. Listen to this. Do