Note: Why hello there! I thank you for clicking on this fic. If you're here you probably ship Madniss/Underdeen and you're awesome. Even if you don't and you're just curious, you're awesome. Basically, I knocked this out literally late last night/early this morning, because one day maybe three days ago I made the mistake of clicking the "Katniss E." and "Madge U." characters together for one story. And boom, I just...started loving them together. It's so...perfectly plausibly palpably possible. That being said I can't remember when I actually finished reading THG trilogy, but it was a while ago. If there are any mistakes you can message me about them because I was too lazy to go search the books (blasphemy, I know! I'm sorry! If I had gotten up I don't know if you would be seeing this fic now, because I don't know if I would have been able to finish it!) I apologize in advance for any grammar mistakes/story inconsistencies, I usually let these things go for weeks before I publish them, just so that when I edit, I do so with a fresh eye, but this one wants out, so I hope you all enjoy it! :) Author's Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games, or the characters, any of the songs/lyrics in the books, and anything else therein the series, etc. I'm a lowly college student, please don't sue! I just had to get it out. ... There are hills in District 12 that are not part of the woods. Just uninhabited hills, and miles beneath them, bustling coal mines. There are warning fences and signs all over the hills, nobody is supposed to go on them, just in case, but the bustling mine underneath the farthest eastern hills was silenced long ago in a collapse. The signs were taken down. Nobody really goes out there, but Katniss doesn't trust taking her outside of the fence, and she isn't one to complain. They keep their distance, Madge's eyes on Katniss' ever-swinging braid, a long, single, solid line between her shoulders. It's not that they can't be seen together, but Madge knows, just knows, that Katniss needs the distance, and she doesn't mind giving it. There are small paths that cut out to it from the few kids who know where to step and how to get there, because the spot is rather beautiful, covered in yellow dandelions and daffodils and lush green clovers in the summer. With the last few days of the season, when Katniss had grabbed her hand, she followed. She learned long ago that talking wasn't something Katniss was good at. Her only language was body language, and she wasn't terribly fluent. But with some schooling, Madge figured it out. Figured out that Katniss didn't need words. That words could never be enough for the girl whose father died, whose family fell apart. Who needed to feed two hungry mouths instead of filling in her homework answers. Katniss wasn't one for words because they meant very little to her, and even less in abundance. Even before the accident, talking wasn't a strong point. But laughter and song were. She was bright back then, "talkative" by Everdeen standards, and positively…radiant, especially when she was with her father. Still, most lunches were filled with silence or talks about the woods. About bravery. Most of them were filled with Madge listening, trying to understand the Seam from her standing, and Katniss never once truly judging. The light was gone when her father left. The talking stopped. Katniss left. But Madge didn't make a big deal of it. Sat in her silence at lunch with Katniss for as long as the girl remained in school, quiet and mute. Angry, hurt, devastated, sickened. The emotions played on her face and were louder than her words could have been. Madge stopped by at Katniss' house when she had a feeling she needed to. Sometimes Katniss wasn't even there, but she would sit nearby and wait. Sometimes she would be gone for hours and Madge would go home. Katniss was never the wiser, her mom positively zombified. But of course, Madge had experience with that. One day, as Madge walked out of school and Katniss picked up her sister, she was beckoned over by a simple look. Because she knew, and on some deep level, she understood Katniss' minimal communication. She pretty much had to deal with it at home too. Oh sure, her dad tried, but eventually he gave up when she didn't say much of anything back. And between her mother, many of the people of the seam, and Katniss, she was nothing short of an expert in body language and intuition. So a nod from Katniss meant a lot more than anyone might have guessed. Madge had smiled, small, almost mutable, and a light flickered in Katniss' eyes. One that was thankful she didn't need to be anything less than what she was, and didn't need to say anything more than she needed to. Madge followed them home that day, when Katniss dropped off Prim and instructed her to milk her goat and brush her cat. They would be back soon. And off they went. Down winding paths. Around stones peeking out of the ground. Madge didn't ask where they were going, and Katniss didn't offer. That was the first day Madge learned of the hills. Ever since, at random intervals, they met way out in those abandoned slopes. Like today, rounding behind one of the still-guarded ascent paths. Madge can feel the unease rolling off of Katniss. Can feel the girl's prickly edge, saw the pained look in the girl's eyes when she had grabbed her and started walking. She didn't know why. She didn't need to. Doesn't need to. As soon as they disappear, are out of the sight of the Seam, the town, even the furthest reaches of the abandoned and crumbling buildings, Madge picks up her pace, coming in step with her counterpart and then slowing slightly, a half a pace behind. She doesn't even bother to look. To note the position of the signs, to figure out where they are in relation to where they usually were. It doesn't really matter, she can feel the need, from herself or Katniss, she isn't sure. But that hardly matters. It's effortless as she slips her right hand into her counterpart's left, making the girl jump slightly at the unexpected contact. Madge smiles to herself, to the ground before her, purposefully avoiding the curious eyes she knows are on her. She doesn't need to look away for long, Katniss gently squeezing her hand, and Madge gently entwining their fingers. Comfort. She can feel a gentle ease enter Katniss' bones, can feel it working through her muscles as her hand becomes limp, can feel it creeping up her arm, and she looks up at her friend's profile just in time to watch her clenched jaw twitch and relax. She could pull her hand out, but with another small smile, she doesn't, and they continue in silence, hands still loosely together. The hill comes into view and they trudge up it, with Katniss falling first when they reach the top and Madge following, hands finally disconnecting. The girl with the dark braid lands gracefully, legs folded, and Madge lands with a slight "oomf" and resituates herself, curling her legs beneath her. The short, dead grass digs into her skin but is cushioned by the green grass and gaggle of flowers around them. They sit in silence, feeling the heat of the sun. Madge can feel the tension in the air, can see out of the corner of her eye Katniss working her jaw, the tightness and weariness back in her muscles. They're taut once again and all Madge can do is sigh, looking down and away to her left, pulling at the grass. She knows Katniss wants to say something but doesn't push. Ultimately, instead of speaking her mind, Katniss falls back onto the bed of earth beneath them, unfolding her legs and stretching them out. Madge doesn't bother looking at her, instead trains her eyes out over the hills, abandoned. Down the hill behind them is the electrical fence, not on today, from lack of low hum that Katniss had trained her to hear. Beyond it, the trees start up, leading to thick forest. Ahead of them are the quiet hills, and just beyond them she can see the trees that mark the inhabited part of District 12. They're far, but not far enough. She jumps and turns to Katniss, startled, when she feels the girl's warm and calloused hand grab her own. Her eyes dart to her friend's, but her grey eyes are on their interlocking fingers. Without further questioning, Madge lays back onto the ground as well, squinting in the late afternoon summer sun. The sky is clear and she's left alone with her thoughts, nothing but the feeling of Katniss' fingers gently playing with her own keeping her grounded and awake. She turns to look at them before shutting her eyes and letting the warmth bath her, crawling over her skin and making it prickle. She's on the edge of sleep when she realizes the finger fiddling has stopped and she shivers, becoming aware of eyes trained on her, the feeling counter-acting the sunbeams. She cracks an eye open to find both of Katniss' trained on her. She smiles. "What?" For the first time in a long time, Katniss returns the smile. "Nothing." As quickly as it came, the smile drops, and Katniss props herself up on her elbows, squinting. "Thank you," she whispers, and Madge feels her smile drop too. Katniss sits up fully and pulls her knees up to her chest and wraps her arms around her legs, resting her chin on them, and Madge knows she's lost her. But it's okay. She'll come back. Madge lets her head fall back to the earth. She always comes back. ... She awakens to quiet singing, cracking an eye open in the dim light of the setting sun to see Katniss, much in the same position as before she'd drifted off to sleep, quietly singing to herself as she fastened tiny knots in blades of grass. Are you Are you Coming to the tree… That's it then. She's thinking about her dad. About her future. She's scared and Madge can't blame her. But more than that, the blonde can tell there is a heavier weight on Katniss' shoulders, a burden that hasn't been shared, or perhaps was increased with sharing. Madge didn't know, and she didn't care to know. If Katniss had wanted to share, she would have. This wasn't about being a good friend. It wasn't about always being there. It is about comfort and connection. Connection so deep and so withstood that words were and are insignificant. Friendship that transcends ideas and thoughts and runs on primal understanding. To the best of her ability to acknowledge it, that was what it was and is about. And because of that, it doesn't matter. Katniss doesn't necessarily need her. Just knows she can need her if ever she has to. Soundlessly, Madge sits up and stretches before scooting over to her friend. She sits down in much the same position, looking out over the hills and wordlessly looping her arm through Katniss'. The girl turns and looks at the blonde, who gives her a tiny quirk of her lip. A small glint in those grey eyes is the return, but it is enough. Madge puts her head on her friend's shoulder, and the darker girl awkwardly turns so that they maintain as much eye contact as possible. Madge's eyes flicker down and without hesitation, she leans up and brushes her lips against the soft ones awaiting her. It's quick, as it always is. She pulls back and looks into grey eyes, and grey eyes stare back, blank, unchanged. That muscle in her jaw