Why hello there! I thank you for clicking in this story, I hope it doesn't disappoint you! :) It's a bit of a mix of the film/book, because I'm too lazy to look up what color the flowers were in the book, but all mix-ups should be relatively minor, I tried to spot and edit all of the big things to align with the book. If you notice any glaring mistakes, feel free to message me about them! Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games Trilogy or anything affiliated with it. I instead try and do it justice in fan fiction. This idea is my own. Everything else is not. Enjoy! Sometimes I disappear. I don't mean to, it just kind of happens. For weeks. Months. I go all over, have been all over. All of the fences have been torn down or shut off so really, I'm limitless. I've been to a lot of different places, but usually by accident do I end up somewhere inhabited. I'm technically not supposed to leave 12, and it was a fact that everyone used to know. Now though…People still know my face, still look at me with unsure eyes. I think, in even a thousand years, people will still know who I am, what I've done. What I did. I am famous. Infamous. It depends who is being asked. I don't wander for the sake of going, or for some thrill of stepping out of my ban, which everyone has all but forgotten, it seems. The first time, it was just for food…to get away. Hunting, because it's still one of the only ways I can feel peace. It's not the same as it used to be. The woods have changed, their sounds, scent. Permeated by curious people. Even my lake isn't the same. Many people still don't even know about it, and really, I don't think it really has changed all that much, if at all. In this instance, I think I have. But I can't go there anymore. I still need the woods, but I started going new routes, blazing new trails, armed with the bow I no longer needed to conceal and my father's hunting jacket. For a while, I also had at least one little one in tow, to give Peeta a break or just have some alone time, as myself, with my children. Rarely did I bring both. They're incredible, and sometimes I look at them and can't believe they're mine. She has my eyes, but they're kinder, I think. Less affected, less jaded, by her world: serious and steely, a trait I think she learned from me, but always with a softness I doubt I ever had…or, if I did, will never truly have again. It's a playful glint, a dare. "Talk to me, be with me…if you dare." It makes her alluring in a way I never was. She gets that from her father. Her speech is as easy as his, when she chooses to use it, tongue quick as silver and as sweet as the icing on her first birthday cake. Effortlessly charming. Half of her class is spellbound and she's completely unaware. Something Peeta says she definitely got from me, but he was never very good at realizing just how astounding he is himself, so though I've stopped arguing, I think she got it from him. She's gifted with a bow, her aim is trumped only by mine, but I've got quite a few years and two Hunger Games on her. She enjoys the woods, but not for the same reasons. She has an eye for beauty and tells me the forest is full of it. She doesn't draw often but when she does well…we know who she got that from. She can't walk quietly worth a damn though, her footfalls heavy, far too much like her father's. Sometimes I cringe with each step she takes, my memory assaulting me with alarm bells and automatically making my eyes dart, ever-vigilant of a prowling tribute. I have to force myself, sometimes, to stop. To remind myself that I'm no longer in the Games, that those ended long ago. That she is not her father, loud and in danger of death from his own infection or by the hand of whomever he attracts with such loud and inelegant feet. To remind myself that it is not us who are in mortal danger, but our prey. Though they hardly have anything to fear when they can hear their cunning hunter from what must be miles away. I usually manage to break myself out of it, the memories, and continue on, but still…there are ashes beneath the leaves beneath our feet. There are quiet creaks from ancient trees, knocked over and rotting from the force of the explosions. And I can't help feeling there is something wrong with me. I have the opposite problem with him. He is silent as the wind, his steps even quieter than my own, despite his height and muscular frame. He would be lethal, if he could shoot an arrow. But he can't, though he tries for me, because, like me, he secretly seeks approval. Silently feels he owes me for attempting to teach him, despite needing no form of repayment. Silently wants someone to be proud of him, and I don't really know how to tell him I could never be more proud of him. He's amazing. Talkative, but unlike Peeta and his sister, not very good at it. He stumbles all over his words, but it's so endearing, we can't help but just listen. He's great with a knife or setting snares, his mind analytical and probing: curious. He's no stomach for blood or killing, though. He cried when he was along for his first hunt and he killed a rabbit. I don't think he realized how much I loved him in that moment. How truly proud of him I was. Here was this boy: born from violence, unable to bear violence. He's still embarrassed, but when I can, I tell him not to be. That it is the best trait I could have hoped for in him, if I had known it could be a trait. I don't think he believes me, he thinks I like his sister more because I can take her hunting, and all he does on our trips is whittle and hum, his deep baritone voice caged. He has my gift of song, but he only sings in the woods. I join him, and I would think that because of this, he would realize that he couldn't be more wrong. The things he creates, the songs he sings in his deep melancholy voice bring tears to my eyes. Every song I teach him, I tell him the meaning behind. He morosely sings "The Hanging Tree" when I am sad. I don't know why, but though it doesn't cheer me up, it makes me feel okay. He must know that. Everything he does- makes, sings-holds far more beauty than death ever could. His blue eyes are like mine too. Dull, but focused. He observes, is often quiet and brooding, and has the attention of every female in the ever-expanding District 12. Of course, most people don't call it that any more. But I can't call it anything else. Both of them have Peeta's strength. He has my smile: beautiful when it shows up, but rare. She has his smile. They're incredible, and beautiful, and I have to remind myself: mine. They and Peeta are my anchors. Time has allowed me to heal, but the wounds run deep, and I can still feel them sometimes, clawing at me. Burning the skin beneath the raised and tarnished, imperfect scars. They get me in my sleep, nightmares that come and go unpredictably and indistinguishably. They still affect Peeta too, and on random days we will stop and think and feel. Peeta once dropped an entire dinner platter when they flooded him, uninvited and long-thought forgotten. Paralyzed him with fear as his nerve endings lit up like embers. I know, because mine do too, occasionally. It doesn't take much to re-open the healed wounds, one sharp memory as good as any weapon, if not better. Slices through the heart and makes it bleed as fast as it is beating. On bad days, I would go to the woods. I always knew I would never fully recover, but I think I had foolishly hoped. But something was always wrong. Something had been damaged and no amount of Capitol medicines could help. Maybe I had always been wrong. I knew it the first time I saw her. She just…appeared. Was suddenly next to me as I took aim at a turkey of some sort, on the top of a woodland hill. I was a good three hour hike into the wilderness, so another's presence should have scared me, but it didn't. I guess that was the first tip-off. I shot the turkey, retrieved it. She followed, quiet as the whispering wind in the evergreen needles. We didn't talk as I cleaned the bird. I didn't even look at her. I would see her fidget, out of the corner of my eye, and at one point she got up from her perch on a dead log and skipped about. Sat back down. Fidgeted some more. She followed me all the way home, and I didn't have to look to know she was skipping. Silently. She only disappeared when I neared what was left of the fence. I finally glanced behind me in time to see…nothing. Woods greeted me, same as ever, and I turned back around and continued home. I didn't tell Peeta, though I know I should have, and though I knew he would understand. I didn't tell anyone. But I opened our book, still unfinished, and found her page. Traced her features, inhaled the fragrance of her pressed namesake. If there was actually any left, I can't say. But I could smell it, just as plainly as I could see her, could feel her as she'd gently touched my arm, cool touch of mist. I shivered and shut the book. She started meeting me in the woods. Whether I was alone or not. She would play hide and seek when there were others, but when it was just me, when it was just us, she trailed behind me. Danced over leaves, ran to catch up with me. I should have been unnerved. She came out of nowhere. Her touch, that one time, a kiss of fog, and her ability to be and then suddenly…not be. And always, I was unperturbed. Elated, even, when I sensed her behind me, bringing a certain lightness to my heart that hadn't been there…I think ever. I didn't…don't, believe in ghosts. And I think a part of me still knows she's not. That her…it's all me. A projection, a production, of my own mind. And that should scare me, concern me, but it doesn't. It never has. She never has. I won't admit it, but that's what started the wandering. I grew restless, unsure, agitated. Unsatisfied with having only a few hours with her, if that. Peeta could sense my unease and eagerness but mistook it for some form of cabin fever, some form of distress even he couldn't relieve. It was him who told me to go first. Hugged me tight in our bed as I fidgeted, tired and excited for a hike the coming day. "They're almost grown, and I wouldn't mind," he'd whispered into my hair. "What?" "You, Katniss," Peeta'd smiled, a sad smile, but a smile nonetheless. So few were sincere after the war, haunted and leaden with weariness. But the few that were truly spectacular lit up his entire face. "I don't know what it is, you haven't told me, which is okay…" he sighed, "but I'm sick of seeing you unhappy." "I am happy!" I protested immediately and petulantly, which