A/N: In honour of my school reopening (RIP summer) and because I'm a sucker for Teacher!Lily/ singledad!James au. "Just one more." "No Dad, we'll be late," Five year old Harry Potter whined. But nonetheless he posed for another photo. James Potter clicked away on his phone. With his toothy grin and his too-big-Bob-the-Builder-backpack, Harry was the most adorable kid to ever walk the earth. "Da-ad," Harry whined again. "Okay, okay, I'll stop." James slipped his phone into his pocket and took his son's hand. Together they began walking to the red school building." When they finally found the right classroom, there was a young teacher in a pretty floral dress standing outside the classroom. "Hello. I'm your new teacher, Ms. Evans." Harry half hid himself behind James' leg. "I'm Harry Potter," he said shyly. Ms. Evans knelt down. "Hi Harry, do you like fingerpainting?" "I haven't tried it." "Would you like to?" Harry nodded and came out from behind James' legs. "Good. I like people who try new things. I think we'll be great friends. Do you know why?" Ms. Evans leaned in closer to Harry and whispered so softly James had to strain his ears to hear. "We both have green eyes." And sure enough, they both did have the same green eyes. It was uncanny, really. James didn't know where Harry got his eyes from. He had only met Harry's mother twice in his life – once for a quick screw in the club bathroom and then the day she dumped Harry in his arms – and both those times he hadn't really paid attention to the colour of her eyes. Ms. Evans' eyes were beautiful - the kind you could write poetry about, the kind you could get lost in, the kind that could cure any ailment, the kind that could - "We do!" Harry exclaimed loudly. Ms. Evans laughed. James shook himself out of his reverie. "Well then," she started saying and took Harry's hand to lead him inside the class. "Let's go." Harry walked a few steps before stopping. "What's wrong?" Ms. Evans looked down and frowned slightly at him. "Can my Dad come too?" He asked timidly. "He's my bestest friend." "Oh, no bud. Remember we discussed this - " James began but Mrs. Evans cut him off. "It's fine, Mr. Potter. Parents are allowed to sit with their children today for an hour. It's sort of an orientation class." She turned her head to smile at a new mother-daughter duo. "I'm sorry, I have to greet the others. You can help Harry find his place, his name is stuck on it." With a parting smile, she left. James walked over to Harry to help him find his seat. They sat down and James asked Harry how he liked his new class. "I like Ms. Evans," Harry said decisively and turned to talk to the red haired boy next to him. "Me too," James agreed silently while watching the attractive teacher interact with her students. James pulled out his phone to text his best friend, Sirius. James Potter to Sirius Black: ill b 1 hour late orientation class with harry Sirius Black: i'll cover 4 u. as usual. Sirius Black: how's d lil bugger? James Potter: he likes his new teacher Sirius Black: she fit? James Potter: the fittest James Potter: green eyes Sirius Black: haha u r so fucked James Potter: i kno Ms. Evans wished everyone a Good Morning and he put his phone away. "Welcome to kindergarten! Since it's your first class I thought we could start with something fun. I'm going to give you all a white paper and some paints. You can use your fingerprints to make a cool picture with your parents. Does that sound fun?" There were a few mumbled 'yes'es, some remained silent but most talked amongst themselves. She distributed the paper and gave each table a set of paints. Harry and James dipped their fingers in the various paints to make a pot of flowers. James' huge thumbprints became the brown flowerpot and Harry's tiny fingerprints became the colourful flowers. "What pretty flowers," Ms. Evans commented from behind James. "Thanks Ms. Evans," Harry beamed and proceeded to press his finger on the paper with a renewed zeal. "It's a pot of flowers because we're the Potters. Get it?" James was awarded with a light tinkling laugh for his joke. His stomach swooped. "Very clever." She grinned before moving over to the next desk. . When it was time for the parents to leave Ms. Evans made announcement. "On your child's desk, I've kept a file for the parents. One set of papers are forms for emergency contacts, allergies and other such details. I would appreciate it if that form could be filled and handed over to the office in three days. Another paper has all my contact details. Please don't hesitate to call me if you have any trouble." James found the blue file she was talking of and immediately flipped to her contact details. Lily Evans Phone Number: 7639847906 Email: lilyevans60 If you wish to meet with me in person, you may do so during the lunch break, 12:00 – 1:00. James saved the number into his phone at once. For Harry's sake only and not for any other reason. (Yeah, right.) . As the weeks passed, Harry grew steadily fonder of Ms. Evans. It was Ms. Evans this and Ms. Evans that. Not that James minded. Not in the least. In fact, James too grew steadily fond of Ms. Evans with each of Harry's stories about her, not to mention the small smiles she would give him when he picked up Harry from school. One afternoon, as James was collecting Harry from school, Ms. Evans stopped him. "Mr. Potter, I would like to talk to you for a minute." "Er-sure." "Harry, why don't you go draw me picture?" Ms. Evans suggested. She pulled out some crayons and a paper and settled Harry in a seat in the corner. She gestured for James to follow him to the teacher's desk. "Mr. Potter, I think your son needs glasses." "Glasses?" "Yes, he has a hard time seeing the board. Perhaps this weekend you or your wife could take him to the ophthalmologist on Third Street." "I'm not married but will do. Thanks." Ms. Evans smiled at him and his brain turned to mush. "Bye Harry," Ms. Evans waved to them as they were leaving. "Goodbye Mr. Potter." . James Potter to Lily Evans: i took Harry to d doc James Potter: u were right James Potter: he needs glasses James Potter: btw this is james James Potter: james potter Lily Evans: if u were tryin to do bond james bond that was a MASSIVE FAILURE Lily Evans: glad to help :) James Potter: help show dat i'm a failure? Lily Evans: NO. help harry. Lily Evans: tho that was fun 2. James Potter: i'm offended . James Potter to PETE HAS A DATE! The world ends at 8:30 tonight: she txts lyk me James Potter: and congrats Pete James Potter: what did u do James Potter: blackmail her Sirius Black: haha good one Peter Pettigrew: i hate u both Remus Lupin: Who texts like you? Sirius Black: who else? harry's teacher. the one he FANCIES Peter Pettigrew: u r pathetic Reums Lupin: I second that. James Potter: she is a nice person with a cute cat Remus Lupin: How do you know that? James Potter: . . . . . . . . i found her ig Sirius Black: fyi I'm facepalming James Potter: she posts pics of her cat James Potter: her bf James Potter: or her cat and bf James Potter: her captions r puns and funny jokes Peter Pettigrew: she has a boyfriend?! Remus Lupin: Again, you are pathetic. Sirius Black: Say aye if u think Prongs is pathetic and needs a shag Remus Lupin: aye Peter Pettigrew: aye Sirius Black: AYEEEEEE James Potter: NAYYYYYYYY James Potter: BF AS IN BEST FRIEND James Potter: marmarlovesbonbons Sirius Black changed group name to James Potter is the new CEO of Stalker James Potter changed group name to NO I'M NOT Remus Lupin: It's not too late. You can still get help. James Potter: blocked James Potter: gtg harry spilled milk Remus Lupin: Good riddance. . On Monday morning James dropped Harry bright and early unlike most days on which they managed to reach in the nick of time. In fact Harry was the third in class; the other two were a boy with blonde hair and a girl with bushy brown hair who James recognized as Hermione Granger and one of Harry's best friends. "You're early," Ms. Evans said. Then she noticed Harry's new glasses. "You got glasses!" "They're just like my Dad's." Harry said proudly. Harry had chosen the round, wire-rimmed spectacles despite the doctor telling him he looked adorable in the glasses with the green, rectangular frames. "You look handsome, just like your Dad." "Thanks, Ms. Evans," Harry beamed. "I'm going to show Hermione my new glasses. Bye Dad!" Harry quickly walked up to Hermione, leaving the two adults alone. "You think I'm handsome?" "Don't flatter yourself. I think Harry's cute." "No, I don't think that's what you said. You said that Harry looks handsome, just like his dad ." A slight flush coloured her cheeks, making her look very appealing. "I've got lessons to plan," she said in a small voice and turned away from James, purposefully ducking her head. James laughed. . James Potter to The Lads and the Dad: she thinks i'm handsome Remus Lupin: Not this again. Sirius Black: poor ms. evans Sirius Black: I didn't kno she was blind. Peter Pettigrew: ahahahaHAHAHAHAHAH James Potter removed Sirius Black Remus Lupin added Sirius Black Sirius Black removed James Potter Sirius Black changed group name to The Lads Remus Lupin added James Potter James Potter changed group name to The Lads and the HANDSOME Dad Remus Lupin removed James Potter . "I want chocolate fudge," Harry told Sirius. It was Sirius' birthday and Harry, James and all his friends were out at the ice cream parlor in a mall. The mall was a shoddy building which had once been the office of a company that went bankrupt. Nobody cared for the mall much but it was home to the best ice cream parlor in the world, namely Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlor. Before Harry was born, all the lads would have gone to a pub and gotten completely sloshed. But the last time they did that, Harry was conceived. Now they stuck to ice cream parlors and arcades. "For me too," Remus added while Peter nodded in agreement. "You're buying your own ice cream. I'm only sponsoring the little twerp," Sirius said and ruffled Harry's hair goodnaturedly. "Harry, what did Ms. Evans teach you yesterday?" Peter asked. "That we must be kind and help those in need." "Don't you think Uncle Sirius should be kind and help those in need?" Remus pursued. "Yes." "And how can he help us?" asked Peter. "By buying everyone ice cream." Harry said. Peter and Remus smirked, James laughed, Sirius grumbled words which made James smack him over the head. James, Harry and Peter found a table by the window while Sirius and Remus went to order the ice cream. James fiddled with his phone as Peter taught Harry how to make a swan out of the cheap paper napkins on the table. James didn't pay much attention until Harry shouted, "Ms. Evans!" James turned to look where Harry was looking. Ms. Evans stood by a nearby table, a shopping bag in one hand and the other hand balanced her vanilla ice cream. She wasn't wearing the skirts or dresses that James was accustomed to seeing her in but was wearing ratty jeans and a t-shirt that advertised her love for The Beatles. James decided that Lily Evans was the type of person who looked