A few words of caution: there will be a lot of deviations from the storyline (both the books and the movies), so you can consider it an AU. This story would probably need a hell of a lot of research on the Potterverse, something I don't have the time to conduct, for which I am deeply sorry. (Also, continuation is not guaranteed…) Regardless, I decided to share it with you just in case somebody enjoys reading it. Draco took his time reading the newest edition of the Daily Prophet while waiting for Astoria to arrive. He would have much preferred to meet at a location where nine out of ten people wouldn't cast him murderous glances – hypocrites, really, they had done the same to 'Saint Potter' after some trashy article made headlines about him – but he didn't want to argue any more with her. Unlike most noble families, Astoria's didn't consider him too dangerous to be seen with, coming to the conclusion that ever since they dropped out of the sacred 28, they might as well associate with just about any pureblood family, regardless of their reputation. Draco had a feeling that they might have been so lenient towards the Malfoys because the lot of them thought it possible for someone like Voldemort to rise in a couple of years again, and wouldn't it be wonderful to be on the right side again… In spite of his current discomfort, it wasn't like he couldn't agree with Astoria that he had to show his face to the public. If he spent all his days within the walls of the Malfoy manor, not making any appearances, people would take that as cowardice and even end up blaming him for things he hadn't even done on top of those that he actually had. A shudder ran down his spine at the thought of that terrible man he had once foolishly considered their leader. All right, he was a leader indeed – someone who had managed to lead his father into five more years in Azkaban and the rest of the family into a great fall from grace. Malfoys were not feared anymore, nor were they influential; of all the families taking Voldemort's side, they had suffered the most and it made the young man wonder if he could ever undo any of the damage the whole wizarding war had done. Probably not, he thought bitterly, reaching for the steaming cup of coffee. The Prophet was full of its usual crap as far as he was concerned, the only even marginally interesting information being the renovation of the Gringotts welcoming hall and the resulting three days when wizards and witches were heavily discouraged from visiting. The rest was nothing special; Potter and Weasley having caught yet another criminal and rising on the Auror ladder, interviews about the preparation for the Quiddich world cup with the coach and some of the star players, a couple of announcements about the changes in regulation regarding the opening hours and the rent prices of the shops in Diagon Alley, a short scribble about an international meeting of Werewolf Researchers… Draco sighed and cast the paper aside. It was the same as it had been for months. Seconds later the door opened and a young woman with a pale complexion and beautifully arranged dark hair entered the café. Her coat's colour was strangely reminiscent of the Slytherin design and Draco couldn't decide whether he was happy to feel a tinge of nostalgia at the sight or not. 'Sorry for being late,' she said, although it was probably just an empty phrase rather than a genuine apology. 'I was held up by Jeremy.' 'Warton?' Draco asked, raising an eyebrow as she took a seat across her. 'Yes. He told me about a position that will open soon at Gringotts.' Astoria's face had never been particularly expressive, and as a true pureblood witch, she paid extra attention not to reveal all her cards, regardless of whom she was around. However, Draco had a feeling that she was at least mildly excited about this so he nodded, because that was probably what he was supposed to do. He could most likely have done better, the youngest Malfoy had always been a charmer after all and knew how to win people over – but that was a long time ago and he couldn't find it in himself to play those games anymore, let alone find any pleasure in them. These days he stuck to the bare minimum. 'That's great,' he said without much enthusiasm. He could honestly care less whether Astoria got a job at Gringotts when he had his own problems to deal with and from time to time packing all his things and boarding the first ship to a different continent actually sounded like a good idea – a very alarming thought in all honesty. However, as he often reminded himself, he was not a reckless idiot, and neither was he brave or strong enough to start all over again, leaving behind even what little he had left. '…about it?' Draco blinked, returning his attention to the young woman sitting across him. A beautiful but irritated Astoria Greengrass was frowning at him, lips pursed slightly. 'You're doing it again.' 'Ah, it seems so,' Draco muttered, not in the mood to apologize. He had done that way too much lately. 'Anyway, what were you saying?' 'Fine, just this once I'll repeat myself, but do me a favour and pay attention, will you?' Draco didn't say a word, but she probably read something off of his face that resembled agreement, because she continued speaking after a quick sip from her cup of tea. When did that get there though…? 'Goyle got himself a job in Norway a week ago. He's going to work at the docks, supervising incoming magical goods and wiping the memories of muggles who stumble upon something they shouldn't. He'll be in Rochester tomorrow at six in the evening' she explained, looking for any reaction from the wizard. 'Right,' Draco said in a monotonous tone 'and it's my concern because…?' For the first time since they knew each other, he saw a flash of anger in the otherwise collected girl's eyes. 'Because he is one of the few people who had always stood by your side, Draco, and someone who calls you a friend, even if you haven't bothered to owl him for a year.' At that, the blond rolled his eyes. 'Well, excuse me for not wanting to dig myself even deeper into this mess by showing up with someone whose family has a reputation that is even worse than mine.' They stayed silent for a few seconds, looking for something that remained unsaid. 'Suit yourself' Astoria finally said and left the café without a word of goodbye. Draco knew that in theory he should have said something to her, but at this point it all seemed pointless. Like much of his life, actually, something he wouldn't have believed a few years back. Yet there he was, sitting alone at a café, surrounded by people looking at him as if he was a very special kind of disease and pondering whether he should feel any guilt at all for ignoring someone who used to stand by his side for years, even if it was rather in the literal sense of the word than anything else. He left the empty cup, the Daily Prophet and a couple of gold coins on the table, making his way over to the creaking old door with practiced grace; he was still a noble after all, and some things just didn't go away, no matter how much your name was dragged through the mud. Upon stepping out onto the street, he could literally hear the people back in the café sighing in relief. The youngest Malfoy fought the urge to roll his eyes again. Seriously, was his presence that impossible to tolerate? As the wind tore into his coat and hair, making it particularly hard to see anything, Draco found himself wondering just why he had taken the bait and went to Rochester at all. It wasn't like he cared much about Goyle, and they had worse arguments than that with Astoria. The explanation that he started to grow soft sounded ridiculous, about as much as the fact that he was walking up and down the port, trying to spot the large figure he hadn't seen since the end of the war. Unsurprisingly, it was Goyle who had spotted him, waving at the blond from a distance, but quickly dropping his hands afterwards. 'Malfoy,' he noted after walking up to the other wizard. It didn't escape Draco's notice how Goyle had abruptly stopped at a distance of a few feet, as if there was a barrier around him, something the other was not allowed to cross. 'Goyle,' he nodded, acknowledging the other. The following silence was every bit as awkward as the weather with its chilly wind and stormy sky that promised a very bad time for anyone bold enough to stay. 'So you're leaving then. Norway, was it?' Draco asked, deciding that he might as well initiate a conversation. From the looks of it, he didn't have much to lose. 'Right' Goyle nodded, though he didn't seem happy about it 'my mother is not proud of it. I'm sure you know that it's…' 'Far from the role they expect an heir of a pureblood family to take,' Draco offered, tone laced with a hint of malice, though it wasn't directed at his childhood friend. Goyle nodded, but looked very uncomfortable, resting his gaze on the waves rather than Draco. 'Yeah, that's about it. But at least… you know, at least our reputation hasn't reached them yet. I can… start anew, I guess.' Starting anew. A blank page, a chance to form your future without being reminded constantly of your past, the mistakes that you've made, and the mistakes others made that you'd still be blamed for... 'Wouldn't it be nice,' Draco said absentmindedly, looking up at the stormy sky. Goyle shrugged. 'Well, I thought I would give it a try.' 'Very well. I wish you the best.' There was a flicker of something in Goyle's eyes that he couldn't quite place. Was it relief? Hope? Or something else? Whatever it had been, the next moment Draco was faced with a tentatively outstretched hand. He grabbed it before the brunette could have retracted it. 'Same for you,' Goyle managed to say finally, looking his ex-classmate in the eye. In spite of being inches taller than Draco, he still seemed to rather look up at the blond than down. Just like the old times… Ten minutes later Goyle was on board of a ship heading to Norway and Draco was sitting in a carefully hidden local pub, drinking firewhisky. At least losing their social influence didn't automatically come with losing all their wealth as well; the family still had more gold in Gringotts than most could ever even dream of and Draco decided to buy himself the best brand of the drink, because… well, if everything was going downhill in his life, then he deserved to have at least something of quality in it, right? 'Oh. What a surprise,' he heard a familiar voice from his left. Of all the people to run into that evening, he really didn't expect Pansy Parkinson. 'I haven't expected to see you here.' 'Neither have I,' Draco said, glancing at the woman. Pansy was wearing an expensive looking, but not exactly new brown dress and she seemed to have missed out on sleep a lot lately, if the bags under her eyes were any indication. Pansy dropped down on the seat next to him without much elegance and ordered some firewhisky herself, though from a much cheaper brand. 'Don't look at me like that,' she grunted, 'not everyone owns half the gold in Gringotts.' 'Your family seemed