Harry dragged his torn, wet schoolbag with him into the bus, ignoring the disapproving look of his head teacher and the grumbling of the driver. It wasn't his fault that Dudley and his gang had decided to hang Harry up on the fence of St. Grogory Primary School right before the time of departure, so the adults might as well have minded their own business as far as he was concerned. The boy cast a quick glance at his classmates, already seated comfortably in their seats, munching on sweets that the Dursleys would never have bought him. Not that he minded that in particular… more so the fact that Dudley and his lovely companions had managed to alienate everyone their age who would have tried to befriend Harry. At this point, the green eyed boy was nothing more than a target, and who would be stupid enough to share that fate with him? No one even remotely sane for sure… He took the only empty seat left, next to the quietly snoring Tim. The other boy was probably the next up on Dudley's list, right after Harry. The engine, which had been on stand-by until that point, roared into life once again and the yellow school bus pulled onto the road, fighting against nature's obvious dislike for its intentions, namely the heavily pouring rain. Harry would have gladly done without soaking to the bones, but knowing that he would dry up at some point, it was no longer a concern. Some of his classmates whined that they could not see a thing outside, but as for him, he couldn't have cared less. What counted for most kids as adventure was nothing more than another day of survival in the company of his cousin. There was no winning, no matter what. So what if he couldn't see the scenery passing by? Did it matter at all? He reached for his bag, which had enough water oozing from it to make a decent puddle under his feet, and unzipped it to see how badly the contents were damaged. The notebook he had been required to bring seemed beyond saving and the boy let out a groan at the thought of uncle Vernon learning about it. As for the food, Petunia had packed him some of the stalest bread she could find in the house, wrapping two slices around a questionable piece of cheese. Never mind being unappetizing, Harry wondered whether it was even fit for human consumption. He shrugged, guessing that if it was a class trip, then even his aunt wouldn't risk landing him in hospital with food poisoning or some really severe diarrhoea. On a second thought… well, she just might have. Harry was just about to shove the sorry excuse for a sandwich back into his bag when a thought occurred to him. Spending a few days in a hospital sounded much better than staying with his relatives, and frankly, eating the slightly miscoloured cheese suddenly didn't even seem like such a bad idea. '...my cake…' mumbled Tim next to Harry in his sleep, making the bespectacled boy jump a bit. Harry had no idea that his plump classmate had talked in his sleep up until then. Oh well. This was going to be such a fun ride… Roughly an hour and a half later the bus came to a stop, somewhere seemingly in the middle of nowhere. The teacher ushered them all out into the still pouring rain, telling the boys and girls to put their raincoats on, or at the very least use an umbrella. Harry glanced at the remnants of his raincoat covering his normal clothes. Some of the holes torn by the fence were big enough that his head would have comfortably fit through them, and the boy had seriously doubted that it would do much good to protect him from the rain, but who was he to argue? As he passed the teacher near the door, she grabbed his shoulder and held him firmly in place. 'You, my boy, will not be causing any trouble today, am I right?' she asked in a tone that resembled anything but a question. Harry acknowledged her threat and answered with a 'no, miss Harper'. She didn't seem convinced at all. 'If I catch you climbing anything again…' she said as her final, looming threat when she let the boy go. Harry had no idea what that was even about. A week earlier he had tried to duck behind some rubbish bins, and all of a sudden he found himself on top of the chimney. He had literally no idea how he got there, but any answer he could have given ('it was an accident', 'I don't know either', 'um, magic?') would have gone into one ear and out the other when it came to adults. He knew that reasoning with them about things that even he couldn't understand was ineffective ever since that incident when he had turned a teacher's wig blue. The students were instructed to follow their Arts and History teacher, Henry Browning, a stocky man with a ridiculous neon yellow umbrella. While some of the students poked fun at the man and his odd choice of accessory, Harry, and some of his classmates with glasses were thankful for being able to follow a bright blob at least. In his case, the glass was even a bit cracked, so really, the umbrella was much appreciated. 'This, kids, is the…' the teacher started, sounding really eager to teach the bunch of eight year olds a lesson about whatever they were going to see. 'Out of the way!' Dudley yelled and shoved the unsuspecting Harry aside, who landed ungracefully in a nearby puddle. It was only thanks to his (recently improving, thanks to a certain bully) reflexes that he managed to avoid falling face-first into it by breaking the fall with his hands. His clothes were beyond saving though, covered in a mixture of rainwater and fresh mud. He heard snickering, but didn't bother to look for the source. For one, he had a very good idea who they were, and there was the additional factor of wearing cracked, water streaked and slightly dirty glasses. Besides, he really didn't fancy looking at Dennis, Malcolm or Gordon more than necessary. Miss Harper took a sharp breath, making a very irritated whistling sound in the process, then informed Harry about just how unsuitable his conduct was, and that he should have been banned from taking part in that trip. For once, Harry agreed with her. Even the cupboard would have been better, provided that he got a break from Dudley. 'At the very least try to keep up,' she said sternly, then walked away, telling the students to take their notebooks out. Harry suppressed a very angry comment about how she should try to be a little more fair when handling her students. While she might not have given Dudley the extra treatment some of the others did, miss Harper still seemed ready to blame Harry just as much as any other teachers did given the opportunity. She probably believed in the theory of Harry being a little troublemaker who would grow into a hooligan of some sorts if not handled strictly at an early age. Except Harry wanted nothing more than to be left alone, by the teachers and Dudley's gang alike. Apparently he was asking for too much. Harry tried to wipe some of the questionable substances off his glasses, but without much luck. His sleeves were about as wet, if not worse by then. Giving up on the whole thing, he shoved his glasses back on and tried to make out whatever the class was supposed to be looking at. At a safe distance from the path designated for tourists lay a bunch of grey rocks, some of them on their own, while others were placed on top of standing ones. Harry recalled those shapes as what he had seen in his books under the name of 'Stonehenge'. Truth be told, he had expected something more impressive, but then and there, it was just him, a bunch of other kids, a group of Chinese tourists completely ignoring the weather, and a bunch of stones in the rain. Wiggling his slowly numbing toes in the wet sneakers (the Dursleys would never buy him a waterproof one) all Harry wished was for their teacher to stop talking and to go somewhere warm and dry. His thoughts were slowly drifting from bits of information about astrology (or whatever the Arts teacher was talking about) to the warm heating panels in the school library. Oh, wouldn't it be nice… Then suddenly the pale boy shuddered, and it had nothing to do with his wet clothes or the cruel weather. For a split second he felt something unexplainable, something he had never felt before, yet it seemed so natural, so inviting as if the feeling had been one with him from the start. There was no mistaking the source; it came from the direction of the giant stones. Whether he did something strange like moving from one place to a different one as he did back in school or simply just walked over without paying much attention, Harry didn't know, but he suddenly found himself in the middle of the inner circle of rocks. It took him quite a few seconds to realize that it wasn't raining anymore. Taking his glasses off, and attempting one more wipe, he noticed (even if his vision was still a tad blurry) that the rain hadn't actually stopped, it just… avoided the inner circle of rocks. He let out a small 'wow' sound upon realizing that. Now that was odd; he certainly didn't remember anything like that from the geography books. 'What the…' he heard an unfamiliar voice coming from the right and he turned his head that way. A boy with light hair was standing there, with what seemed like a large, black book in his hand. Well, Harry guessed that it was a boy anyway, because of the voice, but it might as well have been a she for all he knew. His vision was far from the best, after all. 'Um,' Harry managed to say, and mentally kicked himself for not being able to come up with much more. He really sounded every bit as pathetic as his cousin saw him, which wasn't exactly a thought he would have wanted to dwell on. 'Hello…' 'Hello…', the stranger across him answered in a slow, deliberate tone, as if sizing Harry up to see if he was a threat. It was a laughable thought, really, when was Harry ever a threat to anyone? They stared at each other for a couple more seconds before the light haired stranger moved closer. Standing just out of arms' reach of Harry, this time he could see the other person more clearly. The boy had blond hair, skin just as pale as Harry's and he wore some really strange clothes that reminded Harry of the play his class was taken to see in a local theatre last year. 'What are you doing here,' the boy grunted, sounding irritated… or maybe there was something else to his tone, but Harry couldn't quite understand. 'I don't really know…' Harry answered honestly with a shrug, 'I just sort of found myself here?' The answer he got was an amused sort. 'Found yourself here, huh? Nice try, but I won't believe you. No one crosses these barriers just like that, I know that much.' He sounded proud, smug and arrogant as he spoke, but there was something hidden in that confidence, a wish to prove himself, most likely, that reminded Harry a bit of himself. He had tried to prove that he was worth something for so long, being an excellent student and always trying his best at school, about until last year when he had finally given up. This boy though…