Hello all! I have started another story that I hope you all enjoy! Just a note: anything that seems familiar in this chapter will stick strictly to this chapter. Another thing: I've only included half of the first chapter as I'd like to get some kind of footing as to how this story will be received. If it's positive, I will gladly upload the full chapter. If not, I might just do it anyway. :P Disclaimer: I do not own anything recognizable. Edit – June 4: I have uploaded the entire first chapter. Wednesday, August 4; 5:36 PM "I have absolutely had it with that boy! If he wants to go ahead and be a control freak, that's fine! I refuse to be a puppet that he keeps in a little glass case for the rest of my life!" I had just come back from the meadow with Edward, whom had just asked me to marry him, once again. It's not like I didn't want to marry him, but I just can't help but feel like I would be settling. I know that sounds horrible, and I honestly love the man to death, but I feel so restricted around him. It's so hard to believe that a meek, fragile human, such as myself, is unable to think for themselves, but I am capable of making my own decisions! I shot up into a sitting position on my bed. 'Fine! If Edward wants to stress himself out by worrying about me, then let's give him something to worry about!' Jumping out of bed, I ran down the stairs and into the kitchen, hitting my elbow on the doorframe on the way in. Silently cursing, I gave it a quick rub before I initiated part two of my plan. "Charlie? Are you home?!" I did a quick check throughout all of the rooms, yelling, "DAD!" at the top of my lungs for good measure. When no one answered, I ran to the kitchen window, peering out to double check if the cruiser was still in the driveway. I noted that it was empty before I walked to the wooden cabinet in the living room. Staring at its contents through the glass doors, I hesitated. 'C'mon Bella, don't be a puss. Grab the hard stuff. Drink until you're knocked off your ass, slurring your words, getting-married-in-Vegas-by-a-bad-Elvis-impersonator drunk! Fuck yeah! Let's do this!' Throwing the door open, I grabbed the stiffest drink we owned—Jack Daniels. I twisted the cap off and stared at the nozzle, debating whether or not to get a glass when I decided to just damn it all and took a gulp. I coughed around the sip, feeling the burn as it slid down my throat. I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and took another sip. "Fuck Edward and his uptight ass! Tonight is gonna be all about me! YAS!" Wednesday, August 4; 7:47 PM "Hee, hee, hee...and then, and then," I snickered, "he quacked! Like a duck!" It was so silent I could practically hear the crickets chirping. Unless, those were actual crickets. I looked around to whom I was talking. "C'mon guys, laugh! It was funny!" The bunny twitched its nose before hopping away, knocking Chip over in the process. "Oh my god, Ship! Are you okay?" I quickly grabbed for Chip, falling onto my stomach in the process. He felt as cold as a rock. "Noooooo, Ship, y'a can't do this! Hold on, I'll get s'help." Stumbling to my feet, I lost my grip on Chip and dropped him. He bounced off of another rock, gaining his namesake. "Nooooooo, SHIIIIIIIP!" I dropped to my knees and yelled to the sky. "Well, at least I still have you, bush gardens." I looked to my left at the bush I had stumbled out of about an hour ago. "Hmph. Oh, well." I shrugged my shoulders and got back on my feet to continue stumbling around the forest. "Doo de doo dee doo, I'm toooooootally loving life right now." I smiled. Then I realized I was lost. "Oh my god, I hate my life soooo much!" Bella? Huh? Oh Bella... Come and play with me, Bella... No, thank you creepy, stalker voice. How do you even know my name?! But, I have cookies, Bella... Pssh, cookies? I'm drunk, not high! I have decisions, Bella... Not that drunk. I have hypothetical theories, Bella... Hmm, I guess I'm drunk enough for philosophy. I shrugged. So, what do I do, mystical, all-knowing, mind reading being? Just follow the blue fairies, Bella. Okay, so maybe I am high. Bella, we're over here! Where? I quickly turned around, trying to catch the son of a gun in the act. All I succeeded in doing was making myself dizzy. Right here, silly! A shining, blue light suddenly appeared in front of my face. Woah, why are there two of you? I brought my hand up to try and catch one of them, only for it to disappear and reappear a few feet away. Where are you going? Come back here! I followed after it as the shimmering light kept disappearing and reappearing, leading me further and further into the forest. Little fairy, stop running away from me! It seemed to heed my request as it suddenly blinked out of existence before coming back full force toward my face. It shot up at the very last moment, causing me to follow it with my eyes and turn around quickly, resulting in another dizzy spell. There was a rustling sound. My eyes shot toward the bush in front of me. "Did that bush just rustle at me?" It rustled again. I jumped back, startled. "It did! That bush just rustled at me!" It rustled once more. "Get back, you devil bush! Get back!" It was still. I hesitantly approached it, afraid of whatever might pop out of it. "If it's you, Mr. Bunny, I swear I will avenge Ship on your innards." A growl was heard and two bright, golden eyes were now peering out at me. "Gah! Definitely not Mr. Bunny!" I stumbled back, trying to get away from it. A dark shadow encompassed the sunlight that was quickly fading behind the trees, and I fell onto my back, a heavy pressure on my stomach. The growling was now louder as it was currently reverberating in my ear as tufts of golden hair fell into my eyes. "Uh, hey..." The thing on top of me froze, its body now rigid on top of me. Using one finger, I poked them on the back three times. "Excuse me, creepy, growly thing? Please don't eat me. I'm chewy and will probably taste like goat." Uhhh, what? I don't know! Do something magical, blue fairy! Be my fairy godmother or something! Oh, what do you know? Someone's calling for me. Gotta go! No, hey! I'm calling for you! Get back here and fix this! Silence. Ugh, fine, I'll do it. From my vantage point, I tried assessing just who could be on top of me. It seemed to be a man, judging by the firm muscles I felt pressing down on my chest. Mm, what a fine man, indeed. Bella, focus! He was wearing, what appeared to be, a white lab coat, so I'm assuming he just got out of work. He had golden hair that had me physically restraining myself from feeling if it was as soft as it looked. A scent found its way to my nose, and I drew it in hungrily. He smelled like pine, fresh rain, and a clean breeze. Perhaps it had to do with the fact that he was running around in the forest, but it smelled wonderful on him. There was a hint of mint and honey, and as that thought hit me, so did another thought: I know who's on top of me! Taking a couple more whiffs (just to confirm who it was, I swear!), I wiggled around excitedly. This seemed to break him out of his trance because the growling came back full force. "Wait, wait, it's me! Bella!" He pushed himself up so that we were now face to face, and I whimpered at the loss of contact. "Bel..la?" There was confusion in his eyes for a moment as they frantically searched my face until recognition set in. "Bella!" "Jasper!" He frowned, looking upset that I had forgotten him. I lifted my hand up to his face, cupping his cheek. "Silly, I know it's you, Carlisle!" He smiled brightly, and I couldn't help but smile back. "What are you doing out here in the woods?" I looked to my left, then I looked to my right before hooking my finger in a 'come hither' motion. He leant down, and I lifted my head so that I was a hairsbreadth away from his ear. "I'm drunk!" I whisper screamed, a giggle quickly following. "But, don't tell anyone! I think the trees might be listening!" He let out a loud laugh. "I won't tell anyone if you won't tell anyone!" Using his pointer finger, he lightly tapped me on the nose. "But, wait, I thought vampires couldn't drink, ergo, you can't get drunk." "Well, no, but we can drink an excess amount of blood which can cause, essentially, a pretty euphoric high." I thought on that for a moment. "Wow...we're pretty articulate for people who are supposedly drunk and high." We silently stared at each other for a few seconds before simultaneously bursting into laughter. "Oh, boy,' I said, wiping a tear from my eye, "that was good. Hey! Have you seen a blue fairy flying around anywhere?" He gave me a skeptical look. "Uh, Bella...how did you know that I was looking for a blue fairy, too?!" At my surprised look, he continued. "That's why I jumped out of the bushes like that! I was trying to catch it!" "Yeah, about that..." I gestured to our position, and he quickly jumped up, holding out a hand to help me. "Damn. So that bitch eluded you, too, huh?" Uhm, excuse me. This 'bitch' is still right here, waiting to escort you two bozos to your destination. "Oh yeah? Why don't you show yourself, fairy?" It's not insulting if it's true. Suddenly, a bright, blue ball of light appeared before us. Ready? "Yeah, let's go!" I charged ahead, grabbing Carlisle's hand to pull him along with me. I ended up falling backwards into his arms when he decided not to move. I looked back at him, worried. "Carlisle?" "Wait, Bella, this doesn't feel right." I was about to ask him what was wrong when he shifted our clasped hands so that our fingers were now intertwined. He smiled. "There, much better." Jeez, the two of you make me want to barf. "Shut it, ya fairy!" Carlisle and I simultaneously cried out. Looking at each other, we laughed loudly before continuing to follow the blue bitch. After walking for a while, the blue fairy disappeared again. "Wait, what?! We've been walking for hours, and this is what we've been led to?" I exclaimed, gesturing wildly to the bushes in front of us. "Uhm, actually," Carlisle interjected, "it's only been a little over 15 minutes." He paused, and I could feel myself tilting dangerously to one side. "Half of which, I carried yo—oof!" Apparently, this was true as I had now become re-acquainted with the ground. I clambered back up to my feet as quickly as I could possibly manage, hiccuping as I did so. Raising my fist, I shouted, "You hooligan fairy! You come back here and lead us out of this creepy-ass forest right now!" I moved to stomp my foot and show them that I meant business but tripped over a tree root instead, falling to the ground once more. Laughing uncontrollably, Carlisle bent down to help, holding a hand out. I grabbed the proffered hand, glaring at him playfully. He pulled me up but fell back