Infrequent updates. If you want to skip to the smut, find the next line break. Similarly, if you don't want to read smut, which in that case, I highly question your ability to read summaries, don't read past the second lime break. Still floating around Genderbent Jason's name (the name cuz he/she gon get diddled), and if the Stolls get it or not. Meanwhile, Percy (Persephone), Hazel, Calypso, Nico(le)*, Annabeth, Frank(ie), and Piper all appear in scenes. Certain scenes. Plus, Will Solace (aka this chapter). *Subject to 2 fanvotes [one for a scene w/o Leo, one for sexuality] if I ever get off my lazy bum (cuz then i have to write 'til the end of MoA) LEO LEARNED HE WAS RE LATED TO MR. SPOCK TODAY. At least, that's what it sounded like Jayla said. Vulcan? He felt the tip of his ears. They were a bit pointy, yes, but he wasn't some emotionless space alien. He could have fun. Which was not what was happening on this tour, no offense to Willow, the Apollo counselor who was showing him around. He trudged past a field with a motley grouping of cabins, each decorated in a way unique to them, and completely different from any others. Why did this place have to be so huge? His legs could only take him so far. Leo preferred to stand in one place, or at the very least, have an opportunity to sit down while he was tinkering with something. His mind wandered back to Star Trek. Leonard Nimoy was cool, but Leo definitely saw himself as more of a Captain Kirk. Leader, badass, and womanizer. Okay, so maybe he wasn't any of those things yet, but it could happen. Probably. Maybe not. Speaking of women, his eyes couldn't help but drift to the rear end of his tour guide, clad in some tight denim shorts, which rose to upper thighs. Her ass moved mesmerizingly side to side, as she gestured to the various activities and buildings around the camp. She said she was a counselor, but she looked around his age, not like a twenty-something with nothing else better to be doing over the summer. To be fair, makeup was a thing but he was sure his guess was accurate. Willow smelled like honeydew. It was probably some sort of shampoo or perfume, since she wasn't eating any, as far as he could see. Her hair, the color of sunshine, was swept to her left, coming down in waves. She had grown it out long enough that it had reached her lower back. And when his eyes drifted a little lower… Willow's hips were a bit small, but man, oh man did her ass make up for it. It was just the right size, and had an alluring jiggle every time she stepped. He looked away. He figured if she turned around and saw him staring at her rear, she'd probably get offended. "What are those guys doing?" He asked, pointing to a set of boulders out in the distance. There were some people by it, but they looked to be the size of ants from where he was standing. Willow stopped, following his finger into the horizon. Meanwhile, Leo took the opportunity to take a peek at her chest. Her breasts were a moderate size. They weren't comically oversized, but they weren't tiny either. If he had to guess, they were about the size of a softball. He slowly made his way down to the rest of her outfit. She had a tan satchel at her side, stuffed with things like gauze, scissors, gloves, and other medical supplies. She had a purse over the satchel, carrying some personal items, like a hairbrush, mirror, and lotion… she didn't have a phone though. Is she a hippie? Have I been kidnapped and brainwashed into joining a cult? Images of hippie Leo flashed through his mind. He'd probably end up fixing up a Volkswagen van, driving it around the country while he slowly turned everything he owned tie dye. He glanced again, seeing a small metal package sticking out of one of her pockets. Is that ramen? Do hippies even eat ramen? Isn't that like, haraam for them? Heh. Ha-raamen. He thought to himself, stifling a chuckle. His internal musing was interrupted by Willow's hand, waving in front of his face. "Hello? Anybody home?" "Not often," Leo automatically replied. She snorted. "Anyways," she said, drawing out that first word, "those are the rock climbing walls. They've got lava pouring out the top. It's great." He frowned. "That seems dangerous for a summer camp." She smirked. "Dangerous? That's nothing for us. You're a son of Hephaestus, right?" Shrugging, Leo answered, "Vulcan, Hefty-whatsis, whatever." "Well, Mr. Star Trek," she said pointedly, "you'll get to work in the forges over there." She gestured to a marble pavilion, with several chimneys puffing out smoke. "With their track record, at least recently, that's definitely more dangerous than just getting your clothes singed." "Oh. Shame, I was hoping it was more dangerous," he joked. "Well, Mr. Dangerous, I wouldn't think that you could take on the lava wall, day one." She taunted him. "A race? Please," He asked, "I don't think you know what you're getting yourself into." "I think you're getting in over your head," she warned him. After a few minutes of walking, they had made it to the rock climbing walls. Now that he was right up against them, he realized that he probably was out of his depth. The massive stone boulders would easily dwarf a house. He estimated that they were probably forty feet high. He couldn't see any safety harnesses either. That would probably be an issue, especially since there were flaming boulders dropping off of the top. On the bright side, the people he had seen here earlier had left, so nobody would be there to witness his impending failure. As he was marveling over the monoliths, looming over him, he glanced to the side and realized that Willow had already begun climbing. He swore to himself, and ran up to the wall to do the same. After a minute, he had barely made it up a quarter of the way, while Willow was like a spider, simply zooming past any obstructions, dodging the debris coming at her. Wait. Dodging the debris? Leo looked up, and saw a burning chunk of stone hurtling towards him. He tried to leap to another part of the wall, but the lower half of his body just wasn't fast enough, and he took a hit, right on the thigh. The fall was definitely the scariest part. The fire? Manageable, mostly (although he still didn't like his own fires). The hit? Willow had some gauze and stuff in her bag. It felt like he was falling for an hour as adrenaline surged through his veins. Leo really did not want to know what breaking his spine felt like. In one of the Batman movies, it looked bad enough. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Willow's face of horror as he plummeted downwards. When he hit the ground, the it didn't even hurt that badly. Maybe this camp had some freaky anti-gravity system, or maybe he was just a slow climber. Besides, it's not like he was the first one to fall off. Either way, Willow was definitely faster, descending in the blink of an eye. She pulled him away from the lava walls, out of range from anymore falling rubble. "I can't let the newbie die on the first day," she muttered to herself, as she rummaged through her medical bag, pulling on some gloves. "I feel fine," he protested, "I can just walk it off." He tried to get back up, but a strong hand from Willow pushed him back down to the ground. "Adrenaline's numbing the pain right now," she told him, "You'll feel it in a second… unless…" Willow turned back into her bag, and pulled out a tupperware container. She ripped open the lid, pulling out some sort of Rice Krispy. "Uh, no offense, but I don't think-" Leo began, before she handed the treat to him. "Eat it." "But-" "I said, eat." He took a look at the square, taking it into his hands. Glancing at all sides, he figured it probably wasn't poisoned, and popped it into his mouth. Immediately, his mouth salivated. "What the?" Leo asked incredulously. "It tastes just like my mom's quesadillas." Willow offered a half smile at Leo. "It's ambrosia. Usually, it tastes like your favorite foods." Moving on, she went to inspect the puncture at Leo's thigh. She wiped away the blood around the injury. Leo looked over. There was a lot of blood. Maybe it nicked an artery? "You'll be fine. The ambrosia should patch everything up," she said, without looking up. "I've just got to make sure the wound is sealed." She had gone through about four different paper towels, and she was just now getting to the skin. Her hands were, however, getting dangerously close to… "Do you just carry a banana with you in your pocket?" She asked, head cocked curiously. "Uh, Willow, that's not a banana… and that's not my pocket." "Well if that's not a banana then what is-" she glanced down again to where her hand was, currently shoved through a hole in his thigh. Her eyes widened, as she froze like a deer in headlights. "Holy shit. You're huge." "Oh. Thanks?" Leo was definitely well endowed, it's just that he never had a chance to flaunt it. Right now, though, was his opportunity. It was nearly a foot long at this point, after she had been stroking that general area and his upper thigh. "Do you mind if I…" Willow asked, her voice trailing off. "No," he half-shrugged. "You're the doc-" He glanced up at her face as she said that, as a wide grin broke out on her face. She quickly pulled his cargo shorts and boxers down, freeing up access to his dick. "Should I be concerned that we're ignoring the whole injury thing?" Leo asked cautiously. "You'll be fine… besides, I want to get my hands on this," she said alluringly, after completely sizing him up. She put a hand on his shaft, slowly stroking him. With her free hand, she tucked her hair behind her ear. Willow bent over, stopping to look and wink at him, before licking his member in an agonizingly slow pace. She took her hands off, spit on them for lubrication, and resumed jerking him off. "Oh god, yes," Leo moaned. She looked up at him, dark blue eyes sparkling. "It's gods, plural. Don't worry," she grinned, "you'll get plenty of opportunity to get it right pretty soon." Up and down, up and down, up and down, her hand went, caressing his member, fingers expertly tugging in all the right ways. Willow grinned, "You'll like this part." She moved her lips down to the tip, darting it with her tongue. "Go-Gods," He stammered Willow was on a mission, taking her time as she slowly licked the entire thing, hilt to tip, in one long, agonizing motion. "Willow, please." She gave him a flirtatious wink, "Sure thing, stud." Willow gulped internally. The prospect of taking all of him frightened her. On the other hand, she couldn't deny that the thought of Leo and his huge phallus going into her, penetrating her, and pumping in and out, was definitely arousing. Slowly again, she moved her mouth over his member. Only taking the tip, she played with it, swirling it around in her mouth with her tongue. As Leo groaned again, his eyes closed in bliss. Willow moved even deeper down, taking in half of the entire thing, her hand moving in tandem with her head, as she moaned against his dick. She started bobbing her head along his shaft, tongue feeling every groove, pit and bump on him. Then,