Chapter 1 Look, as of two days ago I didn't even know that this camp existed, two days ago I thought my Dad was a dead beat musician who got my Mom pregnant at one of his gigs. I hope there is a limit of how many times someone could be wrong. I had to be hitting mine soon right? Well now I was finally here….Camp Half-Blood and after about two days of travel time from my home in Malibu I was finally here. It was a beautiful piece of land. The kind that probably would be developed on if this camp wasn't here. "So this is it," My guide smiled at me she had dark brown hair that was braided neatly around her head. "Thanks," I looked at the cabin in front of me. It was plain. It looked like an average cabin at a summer camp. Bland. "So these are my brothers?" I questioned she shook her head. "No, no, this is where you will be staying until your parent claims you. Damn didn't they cover any of this in orientation...they are getting lazy" She laughed and opened the door. Inside was stuffed full of kids. "Yo! Newbie!" Two boys who looked identical minus their eye color ran up to me. "Sup!" I smiled and high fived them, nothing wrong with some friendly greetings. "You can put your stuff over there, we're happy to have you." The boy with sky blue eyes smiled. "Maybe you'll be a herpes child…" He smirked. "Do you mean Hermes?" The identical boy, except the emerald green eyes sighed. "No! I meant what I said! Herpes is a wonderful god, respect your father!" He chuckled. I rolled my eyes. "So you guys are twins I'm guessing…" I itched my back of my neck underneath my collar nervously. "Yep, this hooligan here and I unfortunately share a birthday." The boy with emerald eyes chuckled. "So how long have you two been coming here?" "We came with Ms. Perfect's best friend over at cabin 6, about 4 years ago; However, The girl in Cabin one has been here since she was 5." The boy with blue eyes smirked. " Ms. Perfect?" I shrugged, whoever was over there probably was a know it all. "Yeah, and her best friend…" The emerald eyed boy smiled looking wistfully into the distance. "Quince? Quince? You daydreaming again." The blue eyed boy waved his hand. "Shut up James, like you don't do that sometimes." Quince scowled. "But...but.." He spat in protest. "Yeah, talk to the judge…" He chuckled. "Team Blue and Red! Please report to cabin 6!" I heard a loud yell. "Team Blue?" I questioned, as the entire cabin filled out and walked towards the cabin marked with a six. "Is everyone here?" Two girls stood on a platform, addressing the entire team. The first one was I recognized as my orientation girl, the other one not at all. She looked like a greek goddess, kinda ironic right... She had black hair that faded into silver tips and eyes that pierced your soul, needless to say I was entranced by her. "Head counselors for the Athena Cabin and Zeus Cabin please pick your teams." Another girl stood beside the girl on the pedestal yelled out to the crowd. "Isn't it a little unfair that Cabin 1 gets to be team captains for red?" Called someone from a group of kids that looked like a cult of body builders. The girl shot the doubter a look that could kill heavyweight fighters. "Shut it James, rules are rules." The girl huffed. So apparently I didn't know where the voices sounded from. "Olympia…" The orientation girl sighed. "So shall we pick the teams?" The girl from Cabin 1 smiled. "Sure, as winners of our last game we'll pick first." Olympia smiled. "Fine… Who are you going to choose." She shrugged. "Apollo Cabin." The orientation girl spoke out. "Interesting choice Lydia…" The cabin 1 girl smirked. "I'll take the Ares kids," The goddess spoke "Go ahead, take the dumb brute force kids…" Olympia snickered "Say that to my Face Nerd!" An ares boy yelled "I have enough skill as a general to use them correctly," She said "Not that you couldn't" "We'll take Hephaestus Cabin…" Lydia continued "We'll take the Demeter Cabin," She smiled evilly, I had a fear I was about to get a serious case of poison Ivy if I was on blue team. "Nico, you're my man!" Olympia smirked. "Like it even matters" Nico sighed. "Keep a positive attitude Nico!" A guy from the Apollo cabin smirked. "Hetecta, Nemesis you're with me." "Hypnos! You'll come with us…" Lydia smiled. "Hypnos!" Olympia yelled trying to awaken the sleeping cabin. "Wha-" The cabin stirred from their slumber. "Come on guys…." Olympia face palmed "I'll take the Nike cabin," Like the shoe I shook my head. "We'll take the Aphrodites and the Tyche cabins," "We'll take Iris," The conversation dragged on slowly as each side lined up their pawns. I was on blue team with the rest of Hermes, Athena and other kids I hadn't met. Still though I watched the girl from cabin 1 she would look at her shoe then up at her troops. She moved pieces across rocks and must have said something funny because the whole team laughed. It appeared that she was a great general, I wondered why she hadn't won the last battle. "What are you looking at," James came up behind me followed by Quince and Olympia. "Nothing, what were you saying about the phalanx?" I sputtered "Don't you see," A boy walked up from behind me and smiled proudly. "Hey name's Alexander people around here call me Xan. I am a son of Aphrodite," He stuck out his hand. "Leander," I shook his hand nervously. "Well, where was I" He cleared his throat. He had blonde hair, brown eyes and was very tall. "Oh yeah he was looking at General Red over there," he jabbed his thumb in the direction of the girl."In fact I think he know more about her ass then he does our strategy" "Oh… That's Nike, she's kinda scary," Quince chringed "Nike? Like the shoe?" I questioned. "No the goddess of victory, usually it's a battle between the combined wits of cabin 6, and her military strategy, intelligence and op powers." Lydia commented. "And we're going to beat her again." Olympia smiled. "Alright… Aphrodite, can any of you do Charmspeak?" Lydia began going through the groups "We've been over this Lydia, unfortunately they don't… So um yeah I guess stand around and look pretty?" Olympia looked annoyed, while she was okay in her appearance it was more of a nice pretty, the Aphrodite kids looked like movie stars and models but no one compared to Nike. "Hephaestus and Athena, we'll meet and discuss your role." Olympia smiled "Wait a second," An Athena's voice shattered the quiet. "The teams are uneven we have two more people." I realised it was Lydia who had spoken up. Olympia looked at her angrily. "Fine then Leander you're on red team now," Olympia shoved me closer to Nike though I had a great deal of height on her being she was about 5'6 she still let me know who was in charge "Hey!" I yelped… "Oh I'm sorry did I push too hard, I'll judge you with my dagger next time." Olympia growled "I'm still surprised you aren't an Aries kid…" Nike laughed. "You forget that Athena is also the goddess of War," "Yeah, yeah but not blind aggression," Nike replied wisely "I'm calculated, I have an IQ of 160, I just think much quicker than the rest of you. From your perspective, I'm impulsive; however, I think much faster." "I am impulsive but it doesn't mean that all Ares are impulsive I am just saying the you are very aggressive for an Athena." Nike laughed. "I'm sorry Lightning bolt… Shall I sew something?" She smirked. "Don't worry about it Bird Brain." She smirked and grabbed my wrist. "Come on Newb you're with me," "Good luck with him…" Olympia smirked… "Olympia!" Lydia chastised her "Whatever, I think you will do just fine," She said flatly and walked away toward her team. "Alright men this is," She looked at me expectantly. An awkward looking black haired kid stood behind her. "Leander…" I said she arched her eyebrow at me. The team only offered curt nods. I stared at the diagram it was much more complicated than the blue teams. I noticed why she was looking at her shoes too. On the whites of them she had drawn different battle formations. "So as you can see Leander we have a very complicated plan and instead of explaining it all to you which would take forever, you're just gonna stick with me." She gestured "Alright sounds like a plan," I nodded "Alright then, what weapon?" I looked at the impressive ensemble. My natural instinct pulled me to the bow but if I wasn't sniping in the trees it wouldn't be the most effective. "I'll take the b…" I stopped myself "short sword," I looked at her carefully as she dissected my statement. "Von give him the bow, we need a good archer." I panicked; I had never shot a bow before. "I am not necessarily good," I said nervously. "You are drawn to the bow you will be good," She nodded firmly. "Okay," Shrugged and winced imagining my first attempt at shooting… Then a horn sounded. "Alright battle stations," Nike commanded and we ran off into the forest. I climbed up to a tree. I followed Nike through the forest jumping from tree to tree. Until they found a position behind a rock. I didn't understand the idea at first. Then I got it; we were throwing the enemy off making them think that they were close to where our flag was but in reality it couldn't be farther away. Through the trees I could see almost everything going on. That was when I saw Olympia sneaking up behind Nike who was fighting fiercely I fired my first arrow and it hit Olympia's hand she yelped and dropped her blade. Now Nike was single handedly taking on both twins and Xan. She soon had all of them disarmed. I smiled this was good right? Another battle horn sounded. One of the flags had been taken. Soon the whoops approached from far from where our flag was set. The mob of red armor waved a blue flag over her head. They all scooped up Nike and started to carry her off chanting something in greek. I could sort of make out what they were saying but when it is a language you have never heard being chanted at different paces by different people. Nike screamed like a real Greek general. Soon they dropped her at her cabin. Now her cabin towered over the rest. It looked like a mansion or just the front part, the white marble glistening in the cold moonlight. I skipped happily back towards the Hermes cabins to get ready for dinner. I felt on cloud nine, while the rest of the cabin was too mad to even pull pranks. They all shot looks at me as I walked in the door. "Hey Quince, Hi James…" I smiled. "The Athena cabin is going to kill us…" James sighed. "What happened?" I forgot that I hadn't seen the events from the blue team's perspective even though I was pumped up from winning "We were defense, but stupid Hecate and Aries stormed us." Quince whined. "But I thought I saw you two fighting Nike?" I said maybe it was a different "Hecate disguised themselves and Aries as Nike, we thought we could take Nike, but not Aries and Hecate " A random Hermes girl added in. "C'mon, It's time for dinner…" James and Quince dragged me along to the dining tables. The Athena kids were stress studying instead of