Devastation for the PJO Secret Santa on Tumblr; for Caleigh - firebenderannabeth Dear Caleigh : After a super long wait, here it is! I hope you like it - er, well, the beginning of it, at least. part i "You still have this?" Percy asked. Annabeth raised an eyebrow and flipped to the next page of Aphrodite's catalogue, which had just come in the mail this afternoon. She let out a soft breath of air when she spotted the dress. It was absolutely gorgeous – a pale blue-purple color, the dress long and flowy. Delicate lace flowers lined the back and bodice before petering off, the same color as the dress, semi-transparent and magical. She had to– "Annabeth," her best friend prompted, and she blinked, dog-earing the page and pressing it down with a perfectly-manicured nail. "Princess." "Hmm?" she hummed, her thoughts faraway, focused on the dress. Percy spun to face her, something dangling from her fingers. She sat up quickly, dress forgotten. "Is that–" "Your Camp Half-Blood necklace?" She swallowed. "Yeah," she agreed. He ran a hand through his hair, and she caught her breath as his already-spiked hair was messed up even more. The faded shirt he was wearing rose up, and she caught a glance of dark skin underneath. "What?" he asked, blinking at her, his expression curious. She shook her head. "Nothing," she told him, though she could feel her skin heat up. "Your hair, you messed it up again." He looked at the fingers he'd just used to comb through his hair with and shrugged. "So?" She frowned, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear and shaking her head. "Whatever, Percy," she said. "And aren't we supposed to be working on a project?" He snorted. "Sometimes, I actually want to go on missions to save the world instead of working on stupid projects." Disdain dripped off of his words; Annabeth rolled her eyes, groaning a little. "Well, you've got–" She was interrupted by a too-familiar beeping. She fished her communicator out of the abandoned bookbag she'd tossed next to her chair. "Looks like you get your wish, Seaweed Brain." "Yes!" Percy cried in triumph, pumping the air. She accepted the call and held it so that both she and her best friend could see the screen; Percy leaned against the wall nearby and stuck his hands into his pockets. "Talk to me, Grover," she said the moment she answered the call. "So what's the sitch?" Grover rubbed a hand over his face. He looked tired but managed to give the two of them a worn smile. "Do you want the bad news?" he asked, and Annabeth's heart sunk a little. "Or do you want the bad news?" Before Annabeth could say anything, Percy spoke up. "The worse one." "Wh- hey!" she cried, turning to look at him and flushing when she did. He gave her a crooked grin. She managed to stammer out the next few words. "What- why did you ask for the worse news?" Percy played with one of his earrings absentmindedly, but his gaze was intense. "Because you would've asked for the better news," he answered simply. "Better to get it out of the way first and find the other problem much easier." She frowned. He had a point – though she'd never say that to his face. "Whatever," she huffed, glancing back at Grover, who looked thoroughly amused. "The worse news, then." Percy smirked. "You're not going to like this," Grover said, blowing out a long breath and typing something into one of his computers. "but, uh… well, I'll be blunt. It's Kronos." " What? " both Annabeth and Percy demanded at the same time. "Are you kidding me ?" Percy groaned as Annabeth muttered curses, swearing like a sailor and hoping her parents weren't anywhere near the room – not that they would be, anyway. She ran her fingers through her hair, combing out the tangled mess. "Alright," she conceded. "What's going on?" "I'm sending the info to you now," Grover began, his fingers flying as he typed. "but Kronos' Army… Annabeth, it's spreading." Percy's lips turned downward. "But we got rid of Kronos," he said softly, though his eyes glimmered with anger. Annabeth pressed her lips together in a thin line and said nothing, though she did reach out for Percy, gently touching his shoulder. He relaxed slightly, though any normal person wouldn't have been able to tell. "Someone's taking charge," Grover said. "A soldier in Kronos' Army has been rounding up recruits again and calling out old soldiers. They've started acting out again, you two. For the past month or so, they've been doing little, ordinary acts any criminal would do. But today… well, see for yourself." The communicator beeped again, and Annabeth let it project a newsfeed. " -Prison has been broken into. Investigators suspect the break-in happened approximately two hours ago, occurring one hour before the security guards' shifts were slotted to end. When the others arrived to take their shift, they found the guards knocked out and renowned prisoners Ethan Nakamura and Alabaster Torrington gone. In the empty cells was shown the symbol of Kronos. This is troubling–" Annabeth stopped it, her heart pounding in her throat. Percy looked like he was at a loss for words, but in his face was an underlying guilt that she wanted to shake out of him. Ethan Nakamura and Alabaster Torrington had been two soldiers in Kronos' Army – she remembered them well. And Percy… Percy had been the one to let them go the first time. The problem was that Ethan and Alabaster, while rather high-ranking, weren't even the leaders. Most of the leaders in Kronos' Army had remained anonymous and mysterious to even tech-savvy Grover; they hid their names behind aliases – Prometheus, Atlas, Hyperion, and so forth, the Titans of the old Greek myths. She gritted her teeth. If there was anything Annabeth hated more than a fashion disaster – or Goode's rival cheerleading team – it would have to be Kronos. And considering how much she despised the first two, that was saying something. Seeing that she was in no mood to carry the conversation, Percy spoke for her. "And the other news?" he asked Grover carefully. "Oh, right," Grover said, snapping his fingers in thought. "Sorry, man, I almost forgot about that. There have also been some spottings of, um…" He looked nervous. "Spit it out," Percy said, looking bored. "Code Pegasus," Grover blurted, and Annabeth's brows drew together. "And that's bad because…?" she began, waiting for Grover to elaborate. Percy looked worried. Code Pegasus wasn't a bad thing, really – in fact, the project itself was an overall good thing. Grover scratched his chin. "You're not going to like this, Percy," he warned. "But one of the pegasi has been stolen. They only managed to take one before they fled from security, but…" All the color drained from Percy's face. "No," he whispered, looking horrified. Grover paused, then said: "I'm sorry, Perce." Percy put a hand over his face and drew in a long, shuddering breath. Annabeth put a hand on his arm, and he lowered his own hand, sighing. He pursed his lips. "Do you know what they want?" he asked, and Grover shook his head mutely. Percy made a frustrated noise. "Is it connected to– to Kronos?" Grover seemed to be relieved to be doing something, at least. "I believe so," he told them, looking serious. "I can't say for sure what Kronos' Army is planning, but if it's anything like the past, it includes world domination and probably the destruction of a lot of cities. They also stole something else from the Code Pegasus project, but I'm not exactly sure what." Percy groaned. "Time to go check out that prison, then?" he asked, and Annabeth sighed, getting up and stretching as Grover blinked out on-screen. "After this, we're getting new mission clothes," she muttered, dragging herself towards her closet. As useful as cargo pants were, they didn't go with anything. Annabeth tapped her lips and wondered if she could get away with wearing a skirt. "Thanks for the ride here," she said, stepping out gracefully from Alex Gardner's truck. He smiled kindly as Percy leapt the short distance to the ground, straightening his leather jacket and stretching languidly like a cat. "It was no problem, Annabeth," he told her. "All I could do after you stopped my garden from becoming giant carnivorous plants. That would've been terrible." "No probs," she said. Ah, Fertilizer X. She remembered Dr. Kingston well – the mad scientist with a weird love for plants, even weirder than Percy's sudden transition into being – well – punk near the end of middle school. It suited him, though, she mused, looking over her best friend, who was looking around, a wicked grin on his face. "Good luck," Mr. Gardner called before shooting off. She waved at the rapidly-shrinking truck and moved next to Percy. They looked up at the prison together. Annabeth shivered. The sign in front read Asphodel Prisons. She'd heard a lot about this place. It wasn't the worst prison – well, to be in, at least. But prisoners here spent their days in misery, not allowed to do much or to talk to very many people. She'd heard stories about how the prisoners inside were usually driven insane, how the silence and loneliness were punishment enough. Percy must've seen her face pale, because he took her hand and bumped her shoulder gently. "Come on, Wise Girl," he said, tugging her forward gently, so different than how rough he looked, ripped pants and Sharpie-covered sneakers, earrings and a faded tee. Yes, it suited him, she decided. Annabeth smiled at the nickname. He had an endless list he never failed to use. "Right," she said, squaring her shoulders and dragging him along. "We have things to do." "So this happened before the guards' shift, right?" she asked, tapping her lip. It was a habit of hers, while she was thinking. The security guard looked both uncomfortable and relieved to be questioned. "Yes, ma'am," he said, looking flustered. "Er, Miss Chase. We believe it's a break-in, too, by an unknown subject. We're not sure who." "Hmm." Percy was inspecting the cells themselves. He paced around in the small area, looking at every corner. Right above them, sunlight streamed through a large hole in the ceiling. "Hey, Annabeth," Percy called out of the blue, and she blinked in surprise. When Percy used her name, it was usually serious. "Come take a look at this." The security guard trailed after her as she stepped into the cell. Percy was looking at Kronos' mark – a scythe usually painted gold, though this one was a deep, burnt red that sent shivers down Annabeth's spine. But that hadn't been what had caught his attention. In his hand was a large manila envelope the top of it ripped even though the recipient could have simply undone the top. She frowned at it. "What is that?" "Found it under the mattress," he answered simply. "But– but we searched everywhere," cried the security guard, who looked kind of furious and indignant that they hadn't found that. Percy smirked. "Obviously not hard enough," he said in a flat tone. His voice softened slightly. "It was well-hidden. There's a slit in the mattress, see – he hid the envelope there." "But…" said the security guard, baffled. Percy gave him a wicked-looking smile, a glint in his eyes. It was Percy's look – the long, brooding face, tall stature, the way he carried himself, and how he dressed – that made him look like a troublemaker. And with that smile, he looked like he was ready to jump headfirst into a sea of trouble. "Trick of the trade," he said. "Blunt knives can still do damage, you know. I'm not surprised you didn't find it – it's not something you normally tend to think about."