Neverland achieving elysium written for the PJO/HoO Mini-Bang on tumblr Dear Cho : This one's for you. I didn't know it at first, but I hope you understand that Neverland... this story's yours just as much as it's mine. chapter one Click. "Hey, Percy. Haven't heard from you in a few days and wanted to check in... hope you're okay. Don't worry about it. We'll make it through like we always do. Together. IM me or something, okay?" Click. "Hey, Seaweed Brain, I haven't heard from you. Hope your head's not too full of kelp. I told you once that I'd stand with you - that hasn't changed. Anyway, I gotta go - just talk to someone, okay? Even... even if it's not me. Bye!" Click. "I know you're not awake right now, it's three your time, but... I just... I couldn't... whatever, forget it. It's not- it's stupid. I'm stupid. I don't know. You probably don't want to hear this, sorry. Bye." Click. "Percy-" Click. "I'm worried about-" Click. Click. Click. Percy tossed his phone onto the desk, watching it skid across dark wood before groaning and falling back onto his bed. He stared at the ceiling, a frustration and anger building up inside of him like a storm. He rolled over and shoved his face into his pillow, releasing a yell of anger. A quiet rattling filled the room. Breathe. He just had to breathe. A fist clenched blue bedsheets, ragged nails digging into flesh. Just take a deep breath. The glass of water he'd left on his desk shattered in a mess of powdered glass and cold water, spilling and dripping slowly down to the floor. Percy sat up, trembling as he stared at the mess he'd made. It seemed like he couldn't do anything right these days. "I should clean that up," he mumbled to himself, but he honestly couldn't bring himself to care. Mom would, though - at the thought, his stomach squeezed uncomfortably. The walls suddenly seemed to close in around him. It wasn't a small room by any means, but there was no freedom here. A few weeks ago, Percy had begun to confine himself in a prison of his own making; now, he searched frantically for a way out of it. The only way to go was to the fire escape, long and thin and rickety, and that was the path Percy decided to take. He leaned forward, the iron railing digging into his skin through the fabric of his jacket. Around him, New York carried on as always - loud and bustling and beautiful. Here, in the city, he was nothing - a single part of a living, breathing behemoth. He took in deep breaths, trying to calm himself. The fresh air helped, crisp as it was, though far from clean. The familiar sights and sounds did, too, grounding him. A half-blood of the eldest gods... He studied the buildings, windows glimmering with reflections of deep blues and purples as day gave way to night. Cars honked. People walked and talked. Together, they formed utter chaos, but home was home. ...shall reach sixteen against all odds. Percy's fists tightened around the railing, cool metal biting into his palm. Sixteen. He had about three months - three months that would fly by with a snap of his fingers or a blink of an eye, as much as he tried to deny it. As much as anyone tried to deny it, really. "Percy?" He almost missed his name being called, the streets too loud for him to hear anything. He turned, eyes flicking to the door where Mom was standing, leaning against the doorframe with her arms crossed. He clambered back into the room, shutting the entrance - or the exit - to the fire escape shut. "I'll clean up the mess, Mom-" he started, turning towards his bathroom to get a spare towel. He didn't want to meet her eyes. Didn't want to face her. "Percy," she cut in, and he paused, sticking his hands in his pockets and scuffing at the floor with his feet. She came closer, reaching out for him but stopping herself, her hands fluttering at her side like small birds. "Percy, I'm worried about you." Something drained out of him, his frustration at the world dying. He couldn't be mad at Mom - not ever, and she'd been nothing but good to him anyway. He was the wrong one. He turned slowly to face her. "I know," he said quietly. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry." She wrung her hands, looking torn, as if she wasn't sure if she wanted to throw her arms around him or scold him. Instead, she twisted her fingers together and said: "Grover's here looking for you." A flicker of surprise, though it soon dulled. More than once - quite often, in fact - people would swing by the Jackson-and-kind-of-Blofis apartment. It was like a meeting place, a rendezvous point, and they'd tote in ideas and battle plans and news. The living room had been completely taken over, weapons lining the shelves as opposed to the usual school books, huge Grecian tomes acting as paperweights for the maps on the coffee table, and even more maps were tacked to the wall, bright pushpins marking spots. His room didn't look much better. He'd asked for help from the Hephaestus and the scattered Hecate kids (as Hecate was firmly on the other side), and now a Celestial Bronze framed mirror hung on his wall. Paul had given him a funny look when he'd hefted it through the front door; to him, it was nothing but a normal - albeit large and rather intricate-looking - mirror. But Percy wasn't a regular mortal, and so in the mirror, he watched Camp Half-Blood prepare for battle or monsters as they attacked. It was also a two-way mirror, with the second one in the council room in the Big House. Percy spent a lot of time preparing. He hated it - no, he didn't hate working to protect the people he loved, the family he'd found after so many years. But he hated the way Mom would look at him, something terribly sad in her eyes when she caught him at his desk, pouring over more reports with an open textbook nearby, trying desperately to balance his two lives. He hated the way Paul would glance curiously, his eyes brightening in curiosity but darkening when neither Percy nor Mom would answer his questions. He hated inching closer and closer to war. To battle. To destruction. To death. And see the world in endless sleep. Grover was waiting for him near the big window that stretched from the beginning of the living room (first room in the apartment) and into the dining room. He was staring out at the New York skyline, much like Percy had only moments ago. He was pacing almost nervously, a (paper and therefore edible) cup of water in his hand. He didn't turn, but Percy knew he heard Percy's footsteps, quiet against the floor. "Hey," he said, coming to stand by his best friend. Grover had grown in the months that he'd gone, doing duties as the Lord of the Wild. He was taller, a little bit more reserved - in a good way, his stance more confident. His hair had grown out, and his horns had grown with it. Now they spiraled up and out of his hair. Percy spotted his Rasta cap sticking out of his jean pocket, partly hidden by the green jacket that sagged over Grover's lanky frame. "Hey, Percy," Grover bleated. He hadn't taken a bite out of his cup yet, so Percy took that as a good sign. "I'm surprised you're here," he finally admitted, smiling. "Thought you would be off doing great and awesome things as the new Lord of the Wild ." Grover rolled his eyes, but he, too, smiled. "Yeah," he agreed. "but I figured you might want a friend around." He tapped a finger against his head, and Percy realized with a horrible flash of guilt as he realized that every emotion he'd had over the past two weeks had also been felt by Grover. "Don't be sorry," Grover said, but he couldn't help the feeling. "I know," Percy replied, lips pressing together. "You shouldn't have come," he said sharply, though his words weren't unkind. "Did you think I wouldn't?" Grover asked. He rounded on Percy, dark eyes serious. "Percy, you're my best friend. I don't care what's going on, if you need me, I'll be here. No matter what." "The world is about to end," Percy hissed, glancing at Mom and Paul, who were working in the kitchen and were trying very hard not to eavesdrop. "Don't worry about me." Grover gripped his shoulders so hard it hurt, eyes searching his. "You don't get it, do you?" he asked, letting out a warm breath. "If the world is ending, then I sure as hell better be at your side as it does." Percy felt his shoulders slump. He looked away, back out towards New York. His city, his home, one that would eventually become a war zone. "Get me out of here," he pleaded, looking at his best friend. "I don't care where. I don't know what I'm doing and this is the most stupid thing I've ever done, but I need to get out. Somewhere. I think.. I think I'll ask if I can take Paul's Prius." Here, he glanced over at his soon-to-be stepdad, wondering what he would say. "You want me to go with you," Grover guessed correctly, and Percy sighed again. "You don't have to go," he told him. "but if you would..." "Of course I would, Perce. I didn't come all this way and just lecture you about our friendship for nothing, you know." The two exchanged weak grins, and despite himself, Percy felt a cool, welcome relief settle into his bones. "I better start packing, then," he said faintly, the implications of what he was about to do settling in. It was no doubt one of the craziest things he'd ever done. A road trip with no destination right before the start of a war? Probably not the best idea he'd ever had, but still... there were so many things he'd never done or seen, so many things he still wanted to do - and this was his chance. He'd be a fool not to take it. "Boys?" Mom called, and the two of them turned. "If you're done, dinner is almost ready." It did smell good - spaghetti, it seemed. Percy hadn't even realized how hungry he was until he caught sight of the thin noodles drenched in red sauce, how much he'd longed for comfort. Grover trailed behind him, looking awkward. "Uh, Mrs. Jackson," he began, and Percy stomped on his foot. He let out a squeak - rules were, if you called Mom Mrs. Jackson, you were already getting off to a bad start. "Er, Sally," Grover corrected, flushing red. He slapped his Rasta cap against his thigh almost nervously. "Mhmm?" Mom hummed as she and Paul set down four plates on the table. "I should be going soon, I'm not-" Percy stepped on Grover's foot again and shot him a glare that said: don't even try to refuse. Grover sighed. "But-" Percy threw an arm around his friend's shoulder and led him to the table. "It's better if you just eat with us, Grover," he told him, grinning. "Mom's never gonna let you leave, man, I thought you'd know that by now." Mom clicked her tongue as Percy dragged his chair back, making a loud scraping noise against the floor. "If you're done trying to leave, Grover, would you rather I get you a paper plate so you can eat that as well?" Paul almost dropped the plate he was holding, but no one else batted an eye. He stared incredulously at them - he