and the mist upon the hill "..and the mist upon the hill Shadowy-shadowy-yet unbroken.." from Spirits of the Dead, Edgar Allen Poe for my dear kitty: happy seventeenth birthday; all hail the Queen Will Solace took a deep breath as he aimed, exhaling as he released the arrow. It flew true; as usual, the arrow plunged into the center of the target. Next to him, Katie also released her own arrow, hitting extremely close to the bull's eye. She sighed before grabbing another arrow, turning to look at him. "Go on, Solace. You know I'm not going to hit it anytime soon." He rolled his eyes. She was a very good shot for someone who tended to trip over her own plants and walk into walls. ("Plants like me too much," she would protest. "and walls are friends.") "Of course you will," he told her. He was interrupted. "Will!" Alyss called him from the 200-yard section. They were split into sections, starting from 100 yards and going up to 300. When you hit at least five arrows in the bulls-eye, you moved up a level. So to speak. "See you later, Katie," he said. She grunted in acknowledgement, squinting at the target. "Will!" his sister cried again, and he jogged to the station next to her, grinning. She was already on her fourth arrow; he would have to beat that. The arrows made a tight ring in the center. He focused, the sounds around him fading away and the only thing standing out was the blue-and-red target set up. Another hit, but this one was off by centimeters. He reached back to draw another arrow and found nothing. When he slung the quiver towards his front, it was filled with- Flowers. Alyss stared. Where the arrow had once been, a mix of small white and pink flowers bloomed. There were tons of them, and he gently tugged them out to study. They were pretty, he supposed. They were the kind of flowers he'd expect to see growing in some distant meadow. A small hand found its way to his shoulder. He turned in surprise to meet Katie's eyes. She was smiling sadly. "A little birdy told me to give them to you," she said quietly, looking away. "They're Armenian thrift flowers." He blinked. "They're what ?" Katie rolled her eyes and repeated the words. "They represent sympathy. Someone's sorry for you." Next to him, Alyss paled and grabbed his hand. He let the bow drop - surely, surely, no one knew.. He'd made sure no one knew. None of his siblings were allowed to tell; he'd know if they were lying, anyway. He could only roll the long, thin stems between his fingers and hum, frowning. "Hey, Solace," a familiar voice said. A smile found its way onto his face. A minute later, a smaller, black-clad body sat down next to him. By instinct, he reached out and grabbed Nico's hand in his own. The other boy hesitated for only a second - still unused to this new, strange contact between the both of them - before squeezing Will's hand. When Nico spoke next, his voice was heavy. Sad. "Alyss told me, you know." His blood ran cold, and he swore his heart stopped beating for a second. He turned fast, legs pressing against the side of the seat. He hadn't wanted to tell his friends for this reason; he wasn't sure he could handle this. He didn't want to watch their hearts slowly freeze and shatter, a million shards of glass. He didn't want to watch this, this.. the same things he'd been seeing all his life, having a nurse as a mother and working at the hospital. He'd seen it far too much to see it strike home. He swallowed back the words he was about to say, instead murmuring,"Nico." Nico's dark eyes did nothing to help. Before he could say anything - words of comfort, maybe, or an apology, even an explanation, he found himself being tackled by a hug. Nico buried his head in Will's chest, grabbing the back of his shirt in fists. He wrapped his own arms around the smaller boy, his heart squeezing painfully. "No," the boy was mumbling. "Please, gods, no. I can't lose you, I can't.. not you.. please. Not again. " A giant wave crashed over them both - he was choking, gasping for air and fighting to keep his head above the surface - sweeping them away, and he gripped Nico tightly and prayed that he would never have to let go. Hands wrapped around him - hands pressed against his legs, hands pressing his arms to his side, hands gripping his shoulders. If they didn't hold him, he'd probably hurt himself even more. In his blurring vision, he could make out Dean, calling instructions. His brother then grabbed the syringe, moving closer and gently tipping his head back. "We're here, okay?" he whispered into Will's ear, and then the syringe plunged into the side of his neck. Something cold started making its way through his body. There was another prick in his arm, another in some other place he couldn't tell because- There was someone breathing heavily behind him, breath warm on his neck. He turned; the image flickered. For a second, it was Dean, and then, and then it was a giant with grosteque features, bringing a club down hard on his skull. It shattered; he was screaming, something warm trickling from his eyes - maybe blood, he couldn't- "-hold him," A knife found its way into his stomach, and then, no, it wasn't a knife anymore.. it was a syringe, filled with a clear liquid. He opened his mouth to scream again, and lava filled his mouth, burning down his throat. He kicked out, clawing - there was something holding him. "-'ab.. arms, the feet.. ess.." If it was a him, anyway. The pain slowly ebbed, and a low voice was singing something. "..Min.. ming to Camp, come on, Solace, if I.. sing, you gotta... ing, too." Min? What was Min? Was that his name? No. Solace. The voice was so, so familiar. The things he'd seen began to disappear into wisps of smoke. Things began to focus; there was something bright in front of him, bright yellow.. "You better watch out, you better cry, you better run, or you're gonna die, 'cause the Minotaur is coming to Camp, come on, Solace, if I have to sing.." He recognized this voice singing inside his head, and he also recognized Jane's bright yellow jacket. The wisps of smoke began to move, and then they turned into shapes - an arm there, a hand there, some other things he couldn't quite make out. Nico di Angelo, he said in his head. I love Nico di Angelo. My name is Will Solace; I am seventeen years old. I am dying. I am still alive.. I am at Camp Half-Blood in New York. I am with my siblings in the Apollo cabin. I am a demigod. I'm not normal, but that's okay. I like mint ice cream and playing cards.. It took him ten minutes to remember a lot of things about himself and to find himself in the Apollo cabin. It took him another five to realize that he'd told himself two very important facts that he hadn't repeated to himself before. One, he loved Nico. Two, he was dying. Someone pressed a glass in his hand; he drank it immediately, downing it in one swallow. Whatever was in the glass - it was good. Champagne, maybe, something that made him feel like he could fly. It was August 18, 2014, and Camp Half-Blood was having the biggest party it had ever seen. First of all, they'd saved the world again. (Which was, of course, a good thing. It meant the world was whole enough to let them have the biggest party they'd ever seen.) It was also the anniversary of the Battle of Manhattan, Percy's birthday, and the day Percy and Annabeth had gotten together. So, naturally, everyone wanted to party. Someone (or multiple someones - everyone knew who, by the amount of fake coughing fits) had decided to bring the Party Ponies, which explained the random screams of terror - or maybe excitement, and the Party Ponies decided it wasn't a party without real ponies and champagne. And everything else. He passed Percy, clasping him on the shoulder and wishing him a happy birthday. He passed Dionysus, who had a wine glass (filled with actual wine!) in one hand and who also happened to be kissing a beautiful, dark-haired woman - Ariadne, he guessed. Then his brain processed what he'd just seen - Mr. D, the man who yelled at every camper and played pinochle and wore stupid leopard print shirts and started the Camp Mini-War of 2011 (in which the campers and Mr. D tried to see who could get the other more pissed off), was kissing . Ew. He turned away quickly and came face-to-face with Nico di Angelo. "Hi, Solace," he said, and before he could say anything back, the younger boy grabbed his shirt, pulled him closer, and pressed his lips on Will's cheek just shy of his mouth. Then, he handed him a bouquet of flowers. He was smart enough to know there were two different types of flowers: one kind was smaller, white flowers with streaks in the center of each petal, and the other looked more like a rose, but the petals were almost pointed, and they didn't have that weird thing that just screamed roses. "What are they?" he asked. A ghost of a smile flickered on Nico's face. "Asphodel flowers and camellias," he told him. Will almost choked, thinking about his impending doom. "And what do they mean?" he breathed. Asphodel flowers, surely named after the fields in the Underworld, where the only living souls were Hades and Persephone - the other beings, too, if you counted. The land of the dead. "My regrets follow you to the grave, and camellias mean good luck, but also gratitude. A little birdy wants to tell you that their regrets follow you to the grave, and they thank you and wish you good luck." These flowers - such beautiful things, but so fragile.. It was the Olympian follow-up party.. a.k.a We Totally Had a Party Yesterday but We Should Party More so Here's an Excuse. No one minded of course - him especially - but he did want some quiet. The gods didn't really hold back at all. It was enough to drive anyone insane. "Solace," Nico said, slipping up next to him. He almost dropped the plastic cup he was holding, and red punch sloshed inside of it. "Don't do that," he said, not harshly, his voice rough. Nico grinned at him, enjoying the expression on his face, and he rolled his eyes. "I'm going to explore. Want to come with?" He took a moment to realize what Nico was saying. Then he shrugged. "Why not?" They ended up in the Olympian gardens, after quite a long time of walking into wrong places at the wrong time and more than once stopping to admire Annabeth's work. (Even the pillars were perfect. He had stopped to stare at freaking pillars. ) The stone bench was smooth and cold - and very uncomfortable. He fidgeted, staring at the flowers growing all over the place and the fountains and the giant marble bust of Zeus in the very middle. Which hadn't surprised Will at all when he'd spotted it; the king of drama had always been the type of person to order a statue of himself wherever he could manage it. Nico swung his feet back and forth, and the two of them sat in companionable silence. He suddenly wished he could kiss Nico, or hold him, or do something that would've felt so out of place that it would end up being