Tried for the Nine Muses Competition; PJFC i. montauk The woman - Sally Jackson is her name - senses her a heartbeat before she moves. Amphitrite walks forward, intent on seeing the child that her husband has managed to sire. "Hello, Lady Amphitrite," Sally greets, and although there is respect in her tone, there is also determination. She smiles at that. Sally seems like a good person for a mortal, and she does not seem like one to back down when faced with difficulty. In another life, perhaps they could have been friends. She inclines her head. "Sally Jackson." And Perseus - Percy - Jackson, son of the sea. Amphitrite can feel him, is connected to him just as she is connected to all members of the oceans. She knows if she closes her eyes and concentrates, she will be able to see his soul, a bright little thing. She glides forward across the sand, barefoot. It is comforting, the sleepy beach town, an anchor for her to cling to as the storm passes. "If you've come here to hurt my son in any way," Sally says suddenly, pulling the words out of thin air. "then I am going to tell you that you will fail." Amphitrite blinks. And then she laughs, because here it is - the thing that makes immortals so jealous of humans. It is the way they live, the way they burn, short and bright, and the way they think they can do anything if they so wish and continue to do so. "I am simply here to see him," she says, and that is the truth. "I swear on the river Styx that I come only in curiousity." Thunder rumbles, and she sees the mortal woman relax a tiny bit. Very slowly, Sally turns to face her. She is beautiful for a mortal; her hair is a deep brown and her eyes are the color of the sea. Her attention is drawn, though, to the child in Sally's arms. He looks exactly like his father. Percy has this messy black hair and the same, sun-kissed skin. And when he opens his eyes to blink curiously at her, she sees his eyes are green as the sea. "Hello, Percy," she says softly, holding her hands out. "May I hold him?" Sally hesitates a moment before walking forward and placing him in her arms. He immediately begins to play with her hair, pausing to look up at her. A bit of her heart melts. He's such a young thing, and she hasn't held a child in a long time. He gurgles happily, perhaps recognizing her for who she is. Amphitrite smiles. "He likes you," Sally says, a small smile on her face. She strokes his hair and places a kiss on his head. "You'll grow up to be quite something, Perseus," she says to him. And he will, if he is anything like his father. Then, to his mother, "but he loves you. Don't ever forget that, Sally Jackson. The love of a son is worth more than anything in this world." She hands him back and looks at the boy one last time. Her words ring in the night air. It is one of the only truths she knows. ii. eyes Amphitrite twists her hair into a perfect bun on her head. Her deft fingers tie it quickly; she stares at her reflection in the mirror. She looks nothing like the queen of the seas. She looks mundane. Mortal. So beautifully mortal it makes her heart squeeze painfully. She looks like a second grade teacher with her pencil skirt and deep blue blouse and flats. If anyone sees her, they will think she is one, too. That is what she had been trying to do. Gingerly, she steps out of the bathrooms and makes her way through the halls of Hillbury Elementary. As she does, the squeals of young children grow louder and louder. Taking a deep breath, she exits the building and faces the playground. Ah, recess. "Hey!" someone cries, and a kid runs past her, chased by another one. "Stop it!" Laughter rings through the air. There are kids racing down the slides, climbing across the monkey bars, and drawing on the sidewalk. In a word, this place is chaos. She immediately begins her search; there are monsters around here, and she knows for a fact that Percy Jackson is attending Hillbury. It doesn't take long. She spots his head of black hair in no time, and of course, he's gotten into a fight. With a monster. Fuck. Amphitrite schools her expression into a disapproving one and makes her way over to the fighting boys. As she gets closer, she can see that Percy is definitely very upset. His face is bright red, and there are tears running down his face. She frowns. "Boys," she calls, stalking over. The Mist snaps into place. They stare guiltily up at her - one a demigod and the other telkhine. Fear flickers in the monster's eyes when he sees her. "Yes, Ms. Jane?" they chorus, glancing at her name tag. "What is going on here?" Percy sniffles, wiping at his eyes with a sleeve. "Kane was being mean to me!" he cries, pointing an accusing finger. His face is flushed and ugly. "and he called Mommy names!" Anger flares in her. She turns to the offender. " Kane, is this true?" Said monster crosses his arms, a scowl on his face. "Yes, Ms. Jane," he mutters, glaring at her through half-lidded eyes. She frowns. "Well, Kane, I suggest you don't do this again. Leave Percy here alone, alright?" He vanishes quickly, having heard the double meaning in her words. Good. She then squats next to the still crying boy and softens her tone a bit. "Let's get you cleaned up, huh, Percy?" He doesn't put up a fight as she wraps an arm around his thin shoulders and leads him to the school building. By the time they walk out, he is smiling. iii. the poker player Percy Jackson is only nine years old when Gabe Ugliano hits him for the first time. She is talking with Poseidon when it happens. Silence filters through the underwater castle. Each member of the sea is connected to each other; they can feel each other's emotions if they are strong enough, such as grief, or love, and they can feel each other's pain if it is strong enough. It doesn't last long - the connection never allows it to - but it is strong, a blow of pain in her lower stomach. She knows who it is immediately. Poseidon stands from his throne, his expression one of uncontrollable rage. The waves above begin to pick up on their master's anger; she, too, has the sudden urge to fight, to defend. In a flash, the trident appears in her husband's hand. He looks murderous and cold. Her own son appears soon after with a pale face and clenched fists. "Father," he begins, and Poseidon whirls around to face him. He reaches out a trembling hand, as if he can stop him. "I am going to kill him," Poseidon snarls, but Amphitrite suddenly remembers something with a flash of fear. First, the thought is of Zeus. Her second thought is of Sally Jackson, who she has gotten to know through some interactions at Sweet on America. Pretending to be a mortal and wandering around as someone insignificant is something she likes to do. Sally confessed that she does not love the man, and when Amphitrite revealed herself, she admitted that Gabe protects Percy. Protects him even as he harms him. "No, you won't," she says, placing a calming hand on his arm. He stares at her face, searching her expression, but she does not back down. "Please, husband. You will do more harm than good." He almost chokes. She can see the war in his eyes, can see the pain written clear as day on his face. "I will go," she says finally. He nods. "Take care of him," Poseidon says hoarsely, and despite her anger and her fear, she smiles. Because here is the husband she has loved, the loyal, loving one. The one who cares for all his children, for his people, who is loyal to his family. "I will," she says. There is tension hanging in the air as she approaches the apartment building. Something dangerous radiates off of her; people eye her and scoot around her, knowing not to get in her way. It takes little time to find him. There is a small figure curled up outside of the building, hiding in the shadows of the alleyway. Mortals pass by without a second glance, adverting their eyes or scoffing in disgust. Is this how they treat each other? The thought makes her sick. "Hey," she calls, moving closer. Percy flinches and scrambles back on his hands. staring fearfully up at her. "S-stay away from me!" he yells, and the tears begin anew. In the dim light, she spots the darkening bruises covering his arms. Something in her shatters and rises up, a thick storm of emotion rushing past a dam. She kneels down in front of him, holding her arms out. "I'm not going to hurt you," she says quietly, trying not to scare him. He sniffs, trembling. " Please ," he moans, squeezing his eyes shut and curling up again. Amphitrite shuffles closer, wrapping her arms around him and bringing him close to her. He trembles in her embrace but slowly relaxes, sobbing into the front of her shirt. She lets him, stroking his hair. "It's okay," she says quietly. "It's okay." When she thinks he is ready, she swings him up easily. He clings to her, burying his head in the crook of her neck. She wonders faintly if some part of him recognizes her as family. She hopes that he does. Later, he thanks her in a small voice. She just smiles at him and tells him to keep his chin up. There is not a bruise on him. iv. the library book "Argh!" Percy exclaims, flopping back in his chair, book open in front of him. There are papers scattered on the table; a pencil slowly rolls off the edge and hits the floor. Percy huffs and runs a hand through his hair, getting up to retrieve his pencil. "Shhh, there are people working here," someone hisses at a table next to him, and properly scolded, the demigod rocks back in his chair, silent. He leans forward again, staring at the ridiculous amount of homework his teachers have given him. His eyebrows furrow; Percy bites his lip and taps his pencil against the surface of the table as he thinks. "Stop that," the same person hisses again, irritated by the noise. He drops his pencil and shoots a glare, but the student working has already turned away. Finally, Percy gives up, throwing his hands in the air and face-planting into the table. Amphitrite chuckles at his antics. It must be so different, she muses, approaching the table. His biggest worries are nothing more than a few papers that will not matter in a few years. "What do you want?" Percy groans, hearing her footsteps. She pulls out the chair across from him, assessing the situation. He raises his head, eyes widening when he sees her. "I'm sorry," he manages. "I thought you were someone else, ma'am. I didn't mean to be rude or anything." "It's alright," she says, smiling, before gesturing at the scattered papers. "You look like you could use some help." He snorts. "Some help? That's an understatement." She laughs again. "My name is Abigail Forman, but you can call me Ms. Abigail. I'm a local tutor for kids. And if you want, I could tutor you." "Really?" he blurts out, before saying, "Oh, right. My name's Percy." A second later. "Do you think you could.. help me?" he asks, hesitant.