- Beta: Bella MacLoud (Thanks and love to you, sweets!) - Facebook name and/or Twitter handle: Laura Spudzmom - Pen name: Spudzmom - Title: Spicing Things Up Summary: Me Tarzan...you Jane, but when things need spicin' up, can a southern gent inject a little more excitement than a mere jungle romp? Threesome with Slash (M/M sex). - Pairing: Edward/Bella/Jasper - Rating: MA / NC/17 - Word Count: 3490 - DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. . . They were close. He knew they were as he strolled through the thick forest, a small smile of pure anticipation curling one side of his mouth as he ducked under low branches and pushed aside the lower slung growth. He could feel them, but then, it wasn't exactly tough to pick up on considering the heavy waves of lust they were pumping out at the moment. He smirked and stopped to toe off his boots and shed his clothes, neatly folding them and laying them on a boulder while palming the small tube of lube he'd found in the pocket of his jacket. Bless Alice, she always seemed to think of everything, but then he reasoned, that was the perk of having a gift such as hers; she was always prepared for anything. It had been her that'd slipped it into his pocket with a knowing smirk and a kiss to his lips just as he'd headed for the door. "Have fun!" she'd sang as he shook his head and closed the door behind him before taking off at a lazy run into the woods. She was well aware of the history between him and her mind-reader brother and didn't mind in the slightest. Hell, she even encouraged it as evidenced by her coy smile and encouraging sendoff minutes earlier. They loved each other beyond comprehension and were secure in their decades-long relationship, so neither of them considered these other activities to be a threat. Besides, his arrangement with Edward gave her plenty of private time to spend with Carlisle and Esme, their own little side indulgence that always seemed to involve plenty of leather and lace. Seems Carlisle loved taking on two women at a time and when he was through dominating them, he was more than willing to lie back and watch them play together while he… Well, Jasper wasn't sure what Carlisle did while watching the two women. He had never brought it up with Alice simply because he wasn't sure he wanted to know. For some reason, he just didn't see his pseudo-father in that light and was perfectly happy keeping it that way. Edward, on the other hand… Well, he and the mind-reader had shared a mutual attraction since he and Alice had joined the family and, after they'd settled in and gotten to know each other, they'd both been eager to explore those feelings to the fullest. Needless to say, Edward wasn't exactly virgin material and hadn't been for a very long time, at least, not where his tight, perfect ass was concerned. He and Jasper had enjoyed their mutual arrangement for decades now, well before Bella'd come along, but the two males had abstained since Edward had married, and as far as Jasper knew, he hadn't clued Bella in about their previous activities, either. He'd been too worried she'd be repulsed or disgusted by it, so Jasper had conceded and left the younger couple to a decade of raising their daughter while getting to really know each other. Now, however, the two were to the point of trying to keep things interesting in their sex life. Take today, for instance; they were currently dressed as Tarzan and Jane and had been chasing each other for hours through the dense forest, taunting and teasing and doing god only knew what until Edward had finally pinned her to the tree he was currently fucking her against. Jasper could hear them clearly now, and even see the upper-most boughs of their chosen tree shaking from where he was. He should'a brought a camera… He chuckled when he thought about what any humans who saw that damn tree would be thinking. Probably Bigfoot or some ridiculous shit… Point was, Bella was a bit bored and trying everything in her limited experience to spice things up a bit… Well, if it was spice Bella wanted—Jasper thought with a dirty smirk—it was spice she was going to get. He knew she'd be shocked by what he was planning, but he also knew—via his gift and her responses to some subtle remarks he'd made recently—she wouldn't be opposed either. The girl had a bit of freak hiding deep within and he was looking forward to tapping into it. He chuckled darkly at his double entendre as he began to quietly close on their location. He only hoped Edward was too distracted to hear him coming, either physically or mentally. He wanted this to be a surprise, after all… It looked as though luck was with him as he stepped into the small clearing, with neither of the hissing, writhing, and panting vampires giving him any notice. Perfect… Sneaking up behind Edward, he quickly lubed his fingers and placed a kiss on the mind-reader's shoulder as said vampire froze mid thrust. "Jasper?" he questioned with a quick glance over his shoulder before letting out a long, low moan as a slick finger smoothly slid into him. "Oh fuuuuck, Jasper, yesss…" he breathed as his head rolled back onto the smirking empath's shoulder. Unconsciously, Edward widened his stance, giving the other male more room to work his magic as that long, slick finger slid in and out, making his breath catch as it passed over that sweet spot deep inside him. "Fuck, yeah, just like that," he groaned as Bella's widened gaze locked with Jasper's darkly amused one over her moaning husband's shoulder. "Are you…?" She blinked, her shocked gaze flitting to her husband as his buried cock twitched inside her slick, fluttering walls. "Edward? Is he…?" Edward's hooded gaze locked with hers as he bit his plump bottom lip and nodded. "Oh, fuck, Bella…yeah…he is…and it feels so…" He jerked and groaned, his hips tilting and surging on pure instinct as his eyelids slowly closed, "…so fucking good." Jasper added another finger and sped his pace a bit, rocking Edward's body enough for Bella to feel it as smooth, shallow thrusts. Her breathing picked up and she moaned from just the thought of what was happening. Jasper—a very naked, lithely muscled and very gorgeous Jasper—was finger fucking her husband in the middle of their round of sex, and she… "Oh my god," she breathed as she tightened even more around Edward's thrusting cock. "That's just so…" she panted and moaned, clutching Edward's shoulders as she watched him turn his head to share a deep, open mouthed kiss with Jasper. "…so fucking hot," she finished just as Edward turned back to take her lips in a deep kiss, his moan of pure ecstasy vibrating through her as she buried a hand in his hair, her hips rocking and tilting to meet the thrusts of his ever stroking cock. As their kiss ended, her gaze locked with Jasper's who was still thrusting his slick fingers into her panting husband's ass. The empath's golden eyes were full of lust and wicked amusement as he held her gaze. "You like the idea, don't you Miss Bella, you dirty girl…" he drawled while picking up the pace, drawing another deep chested groan from Edward as those familiar long fingers stroked over his prostate time and again. He continued, his tone lazy and laced with promise… "You like the idea of me fucking him while he fucks you, don't you?" She whimpered and bit her lip, her center throbbing and getting ever wetter as she admitted on a gusty breath, "God yes…I do. Please, Jasper…don't stop now…" Edward moaned, dipping his head down to suckle and tongue one of her breasts. He sucked it in deeply, drawing a pleased cry from her as he pushed back against those torturous fingers that seemed to penetrate a little deeper with each thrust forward. Letting go of her breast with a wet pop, he panted, "Fuck…yeah, what she said…please Jas, don't stop…" Jasper leaned forward, placing a trail of open-mouthed kisses on Edward's neck and shoulder as he murmured, "What do you want from me, Edward? I know what I feel from you, but I need to hear the words." "Oh god…" Edward moaned as his hips snapped forward, his sounds of pleasure melding with Bella's as his strokes intensified in time with the speed and strength of Jasper's slick fingers. "I want…" he panted, resting his head against his wife's, "I want you to fuck me…please Jasper." A low, dirty chuckle and a dose of heavy lust drew a shiver of anticipation from the couple as Jasper drawled, "I will…but not yet." The empath leaned forward, murmuring, "You're gonna come for me just like this first—both of you." It was then he poured on his gift just enough to draw cries from both Edward and Bella as pure pleasure washed through them. Edward growled lowly, his hands grasping the tree just behind Bella's head as he braced; his lean, muscled hips surging forward as he drove himself into Bella's tight, slick depths. Although it'd been a long while, he was used to the intensity and effects of Jasper's gift, so he used it to fuel his urges on his wife. But Bella…this was all new to her and she struggled to handle the euphoric sensations now coursing through her. It was all so intense, she was now feeling like Edward could fuck her straight through a hundred trees and it still wouldn't be enough. It was mind-blowing, untold pleasure… It was bordering on pain… …and about to drive her into a feral frenzy if she didn't find release soon. She finally snarled and Jasper smirked, leaning over Edward's shoulder to grasp her hair as he yanked her into a kiss which Edward joined in seconds later, lips and tongues nibbling and tasting as the three of them basked in the raw passion and lust that threatened to consume them. "Oh my god…oh my god…oh my god…" she babbled as all three of them rocked together in a perfect rhythm, their peak always seeming just out of reach. "Edward! Jasper!" she finally screamed as she clamped down on Edward's thick, hard cock, her orgasm ripping through her as her body seized, her back arching off the rough surface of the tree as the overwhelming tides of pleasure rocking her body made her vision go white. Mere seconds later, Edward growled and shouted, and she felt his cock pulse as he filled her with thick streams of cum, his head now resting on her shoulder as he muttered through panted breaths, "Fuck…that was…that was…" "Round one, you two," Jasper drawled through a cocky as hell smirk. "That…was only round one." They both looked at him through wide eyes as he slicked his cock, giving the silky hard length a couple of languorous pumps as he stared back at them both. "This here's round two. You ready?" "I want to watch," Bella blurted before crossing her arms and biting her lip. "I mean…well…" Edward pulled her close, placing a soft kiss to her lips. "Of course," he murmured as his fingers traced the apple of her cheek. His brow furrowed, his golden gaze locking with hers as he continued. "Are you sure you're okay with this, love? It doesn't…bother you?" She ran her fingers through his hair, her gaze flitting to Jasper who was leaning lazily against a tree. He smirked, knowing just how much this did not bother Bella, and she returned the smirk with