Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot and any original characters therein. No copyright infringement intended. A/N: Yep, so I got stuck on writing the latest lemon scene for "Breathe In Union" and started playing around with this. It's Marcus/Bella but my Marcus is portrayed by Ben Barnes (see cover photo) as I can't stand the guy they had for the movies. According to canon, Marcus was turned at the age of 19, so Ben Barnes is a good fit and much more pleasing to the eye! Anyhow, hope you find it enjoyable and please leave a review, yeah? ~Spudz ~All I Need~ ~Song by Radiohead~ I'm the next step Waiting in the wings I'm an animal Trapped in your hot car I am all the days That you choose to ignore You are all I need... Youre all I need. I'm in the middle of your picture Lying in the reeds I am a moth Who just wants to share your light I'm just an insect Trying to get out of the night I only stick with you Because there are no others You are all I need... You're all I need. I'm in the middle of your picture Lying in the reeds It's all wrong, it's all right, It's all wrong, it's all right, It's all wrong, it's all right... ~o0o~ It was with an air of cool detachment that the proud Volturi King surveyed the group of vampires currently speaking to his brother, Aro. Then again, perhaps 'speaking' was the wrong term. Begging would be the more apt description as Carlisle's first childe had come here seeking death and, being denied that, had taken it upon himself to force their hand. He'd endeavored to expose himself to the humans in dramatic fashion just outside the castle walls during the St. Marcus Day celebrations. He'd been stopped of course, and now here they were, his whole coven, hoping to have the foolish boy's existence spared in addition to that of the human girl; the apparent catalyst of this whole situation. He was familiar with only one of the group; Carlisle Cullen, as he had lived here amongst them many years ago when he was still very young in this life. He'd only added to his 'family' after leaving here and they hadn't seen him face to face since then. "Aro," Carlisle entreated, his hands held out to his sides. "Please old friend, spare my son and his mate. He was very distraught to have taken such foolish actions, but I assure you, I will see to it that he never acts in such a rash and reckless manner again." Turning his head, Marcus watched his brother as he considered Carlisle's words, his fingers steepled together as he tapped his chin, his red gaze sharp and calculating. "Carlisle, you and I both know even one instance of such foolishness is one too many. If he hadn't been stopped, he would have exposed our race to the humans in a spectacular fashion. Such a blatant disregard for our laws cannot go unpunished, I'm afraid." Marcus' eyes darted to his blond brother who growled, his top lip pulled back in a snarl as he stared at the subdued group, disgust clear in his regal features. "Why all this discussion Aro?" Caius hissed. "The law dictates death for such a thing. Deliver it and be done with this!" Carlisle's group shifted warily at Caius' caustic words but Marcus' attention was drawn to the pitiful human girl as she whimpered and hid her face in the folds of the cloak that draped the foolish boy's naked torso. Narrowing his eyes, he concentrated with his gift and the various threads that bound the girl became visible while a smirk quirked his lips. The foolish boy had sought death over a girl whom he didn't even love, much less have a mate bond with. He found that to be very amusing and he chuckled lowly. Aro arched a brow and turned to him. "Something amuses you Marcus?" The boy, a mind reader if he recalled correctly, scowled at him as he reached over to touch his brother's hand, conveying this new information instantly via Aro's gift. "Interesting…" Aro muttered as he looked back toward Carlisle's group. "My dear Carlisle, Marcus has just informed me of the absence of a mate bond between your childe and the human girl. There is a damaged love bond, but it's purely one sided on the girl's part. It's quite damaged too, from the looks of it; withered and sickly. The only tie he has toward her is that of predator to prey; vampire to his singer to be more specific." "Liar!" the mind reader erupted with a growl. "She's mine and I won't give her up again!" Carlisle grabbed his son's arm as the little psychic pulled the human girl away to safety. "Edward!" Carlisle snapped. "We've talked about this. You cannot continue a relationship with her! You will eventually kill her!" The girl gasped, her eyes wide as she took in what Carlisle had just said. "Wha—what do you mean?" she spluttered. Aro's brows inched up as he took everything in. "Yes Carlisle, what do you mean?" he drawled before waving a hand absently as he stood. "No matter, as I believe it's time I got to the bottom of this my self." He pinned the mind reader with a determined gaze. "Felix, bring the boy closer. It's time that I read him." Felix strode to the struggling boy and took him from Carlisle's hold. "Come quietly you idiot or I will present you to my King in pieces," he warned causing the rebellious boy to still and walk quietly to Aro at the steps of the dais. "Thank you Felix," Aro muttered as he reached out and grasped the boy's hand. After a moment, he chuckled darkly and broke the connection before looking over to Carlisle. "The lengths you will go to preserve the fleeting life of a mortal astounds me old friend." Carlisle looked resigned. "You know my beliefs Aro. I've never kept them secret." "Yes, but to break laws Carlisle? To risk the existence of your entire coven?" He tsk'ed. "Very rash and foolish and all for the whims of a boy…" Carlisle looked imploringly. "He's my first childe! We had thought he'd found his mate!" Aro nodded. "Yes, until you discovered he was feeding from her, sneaking tiny sips, small enough that his eyes wouldn't change, each night he supposedly watched over her." Carlisle sighed and nodded. "Yes," he admitted, his tone one of regret and defeat. The shivering girl, still encircled by the arms of the psychic, gasped and stared at the mind reader, her eyes full of sorrow and betrayal. Aro slowly paced, his hands clasped together at the small of his back as he continued to go over what he'd gleaned from the boy's mind. "You let him continue to see her…" He looked to Carlisle who nodded and he went on. "…until everything culminated at her eighteenth birthday when she cut herself and his bloodlust flared so strongly it overwhelmed your empath who was already fighting his own thirst." Again, Carlisle nodded while the mind reader stared at the floor, silent and ashamed as the girl quietly cried in the psychic's arms. "I knew you weren't lying that day in the woods…" she lamented. "You really didn't love me…you never loved me." Aro's eyes sparkled as he smirked at the girl. "I'm afraid so my dear. You intrigued him to be sure, with your silent mind and irresistible blood, but that is all it was. This display of dramatics is just that, brought on, I'm sure, due to the immaturity of his age at his change and lax discipline ever since. Put simply, this was one hell of a temper tantrum at the thought of his favorite snack being gone forever combined with his ever present self hatred." The girl looked up and wiped her eyes with her sleeve before voicing a question. "Why would he be bothered enough to end himself when he'd already left me for good? What would be the point?" Aro's smirk widened and he quirked an inky brow at her. "You're assuming he'd left you behind for good." His smirk morphed into a sinister grin. "On the contrary my dear, he had every intention to come back for you, just as soon as he could find a way around his sire's order and his psychic sister." He looked over to the mind reader who was still studying the floor. "I believe he was planning to use the wolves in some way, although he'd yet to devise a plan that would work. Pesky little problem with them cooperating or some such…" he waved his hand dismissively and cackled as Carlisle and just about every member of the coven glared at Edward who began to mumble his excuses. "I'm sorry Carlisle. But her blood…" he shot his sire a desperate look. "The memory of its taste was driving me mad! I know you insisted I leave her be, but…I just had to get back to her! I had to taste it again! It was all I could think about." He shook his head as his shoulders slumped. "And then, when I thought it to be gone for good, forever out of my reach…wasted…gone…" He shook his head. "I'm sorry…" he murmured. "Oh for the sake of all fucks, Aro! Make a decision and be done with this greek tragedy! My patience is at an all time low!" Caius hissed. Aro snorted inelegantly at that. "I must agree with Caius, Aro," Marcus drawled, his head propped in his hand as he watched the drama unfold. He sat up and straightened his already impeccable cuffs as he continued in a bored tone. "The girl knows too much to be allowed to leave here. I will take her. Additionally, I will take Major Whitlock into my personal guard. Do what you will with the rest of them." "Please Marcus, Aro!" Carlisle looked between the two Kings desperately. "You can't just split my family this way! Jasper has a mate! To separate them would be beyond cruel!" "I have no problem with Major Whitlock keeping his mate while in my service. Due to the serious nature of the infraction, I believe the term of service should be no less than one hundred years." Carlisle's mate gasped loudly. "One hundred years!" she cried while looking to her mate with wide eyes. Carlisle simply nodded, knowing it was unwise in the extreme to argue as he pulled Esme close to hush any further protests. Marcus' narrowed gaze darkened as he regarded her. "The penalty for compromising the secrecy of our existence is destruction Madame; an infraction of which you are all guilty. I believe I am being quite merciful. Of course, your fate and the fate of the rest of your coven I leave to my brothers." Caius sneered and relaxed back in his throne. "You know my feelings on the matter but I defer to you since he's your old friend Aro." Aro sighed as Carlisle's wary attention focused back on him. He walked back to his throne and sat as he stared at the five beings whose future hinged on his decision. "I believe it only fair and just that I offer the same reprieve to the rest of you that my brother extended to the Major and his mate; one hundred years servitude here with us. I trust you have a contact in the human world that will be able to adequately cover your withdrawal from society?" Carlisle hung his head for a moment before nodding. "We do," he affirmed sadly. "Excellent. See that you contact this person at your earliest convenience." When Carlisle didn't look up, Aro called to him. "Carlisle." He finally looked up and met Aro's gaze. "Yes?" "I trust I need not worry with any of