Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot and any original characters therein. No copyright infringement intended. A/N: This was written for Fandom4Soldiers. It's a one-shot but with plans for eventual expansion into a multi-chapter after I finish some of my other Works-in-progress. Until then, I hope you enjoy it. ~Spudz ~o0o~ ~ Wash Away Those Years ~ ~o0o~ She came calling One early morning She showed her crown of thorns She whispered softly To tell a story About how she had been wronged As she lay lifeless He stole her innocence And this is how she carried on This is how she carried on Well I guess she closed her eyes And just imagined everything's alright But she could not hide her tears 'Cause they were sent to wash away those years They were sent to wash away those years My anger's violent But still I'm silent When tragedy strikes at home I know this decadence Is shared by millions Remember you're not alone Remember you're not alone Well if you just close your eyes And just imagine everything's alright But do not hide your tears 'Cause they were sent to wash away those years Well if you just close your eyes And just imagine everything's alright But do not hide your tears 'Cause they were sent to wash away those years They were sent to wash away those years Maybe we can wash away those years For we have crossed many oceans And we labor in between In life there are many quotients And I hope I find the mean the mean, the mean Well if you just close your eyes And just imagine everything's alright But do not hide your tears 'Cause they were sent to wash away those years Well if you just close your eyes And just imagine everything's alright But do not hide your tears 'Cause they were sent to wash away those years Maybe we can wash away those years I hope that you can wash away those years ~ By Creed ~ ~o0o~ Fine dust and warm air poured into the open windows of the wheezing and spluttering old truck and Bella cursed roundly as she coasted onto the shoulder of the lonely West Texas road. She hung her head and slammed both hands down onto the wheel just as the engine gasped, dying with a loud clank and a shudder. "Shit! Just...shit! You wretched, no good, rotten piece of… ahhh!" She sat for moments, forehead resting at the top of the wheel as she considered her dire situation. Just to confirm her fears, she reached for her phone, almost afraid to look at it, but look she did. "Aw, damn it all," she groaned at no hint of a signal, not even a hint of a bar. She was well and truly screwed now. She hadn't seen another soul for miles, and the lonely road stretched before her as far as the eye could see, deserted, desolate. She cringed as she looked around at her desert surroundings as rivulets of sand snaked their way across the road, interspersed with an occasional tumble weed. "Yep Bella, you're screwed," she mumbled. She sat back in the seat; her head leaning back all the way to the window as her mind went to places that were best left behind in soggy Forks. At this moment, she couldn't seem to stop the reel of memories that played out in her head, the emotions that went with them cutting, the pain still raw. She saw her first day at Forks High and the beautiful boy with eyes black as pitch, as he leaned away with a glare. She saw him save her from imminent death by stopping the lethal strike of the van set to crush her. She saw him sitting across from her in the restaurant as she learned his secrets, his crooked smile and beautiful golden eyes drawing her in completely, immutably. Her heart ached afresh as her gaze rested unseeingly on the headliner of the old truck, tears tracing down each cheek as she progressed through their time together. Their first kiss, her first visit to his home, their time in the meadow, countless tender moments that she was sure, would remain in her mind and heart to torture her forever. Surrendering completely to this stroll down memory lane, she let her mind go to the fateful night of her eighteenth birthday party and the paper cut that caused Edward to lose control. That night had changed her life forever. That night had sealed the fate of her heart as he broke it with his cold, emotionless words and abrupt departure. Shutting her eyes, she braced for the memories yet to come; the memories of his subsequent return and the vast changes that had overcome him. It seemed to her that the two months they'd been apart had… done something to Edward. She shook her head, still unable to fathom the events that had led her to where she sat this very moment, stranded in her broken-down truck, somewhere just east of El Paso, Texas. Relief and joy had been her primary emotions when he'd returned to Forks, but it was soon very clear that something fundamental had changed within him, and not for the better. Thoughts about the cold and hateful ways he would speak to her and the physical abuse that he employed any time she managed to irritate him, had her shuddering. He'd finally gone too far and Carlisle had treated her fractured ribs and split lip at his home, even though she'd wanted to be seen by her regular doctor. All the Cullen's, with the exception of Rose and Emmett, had insisted that her injuries be kept quiet, and so she'd reluctantly submitted to their wishes. Edward's hateful glare, and Alice's cold expression that promised even more pain, had a lot to do with that. Now, here she was, having finally escaped with the grudging help of her friend Jake; grudging because he'd vowed never to speak to her after she'd taken Edward back. Still, she was grateful and she felt a pang in her heart as she thought about his cold countenance as they'd said their final goodbye. He'd still wanted nothing more to do with her and had made that plain as he turned away, his back rigid, leaving her to choke on emotion as she'd climbed in her truck and left. The Cullen's thought she was still on the reservation and Jake was being kind enough to keep up the facade and for that she would be forever grateful, even if he no longer acknowledged her. She sucked in a shuddering breath as she sat up, finally realizing she was crying. This came as a shock for she hadn't really cried since that first night when she'd wept until the tears had run dry; as dry as her heart and soul now felt. "Fucking hell," she sobbed, anger now masking the pain as she tried to regain control, drying her eyes on the sleeve of her shirt. "Pull yourself together Bella, damn." She tossed her useless phone on the dash and reached down to pull the hood release latch. She might as well try to see what's wrong with the truck. Maybe it was an obvious and simple fix. She scoffed to herself at that ridiculous thought as she pulled the handle of the door and slammed her shoulder into it to get the damn thing open. "Shit!" She grabbed the door frame as the door popped open easier than it usually did, almost dumping her on her ass. "Jesus, I should just torch the thing and get it over with," she grumbled. Stepping out, she left the door open and made her way to the front, lifting and propping the heavy hood with difficulty. She sighed tiredly as she looked at the mess under the hood. "Well, here goes nothing," she mumbled as she climbed onto the front bumper and began what she knew to be an exercise in futility. ~o0o~ Peter Whitlock sat casually in his chair, watching the antics of his brother Jasper as he teased his mate, Maria. They were so good together and had been together so long… He felt a pang of jealousy and did his best to stifle it, but truth be told, he longed for the day he would meet his mate. Eternity was a cold and lonely prospect when you were alone in it. Sure, he had Jasper and Maria for company—for family, and god knew he didn't lack in sexual exploits; far from it. But still, it wasn't on par with the companionship and connection a vampire is afforded with a true mate. He cringed a bit as his thoughts drifted to his former long time companion, Charlotte. She'd turned out to be a raging harpy after a few years of having her around. She'd gone a little— well okay, a lot fucking crazy and he'd been forced to destroy her. He smirked at his thoughts. Okay, maybe 'forced ' wasn't an apt description… He'd gladly killed the crazy bitch and since then, he'd not allowed anyone too close, always keeping his encounters to two days at most. He had no wish to experience Charlotte's particular brand of crazy ever again. He turned his head, gazing absently out the window as a small sigh of frustration escaped him. Maybe getting off his ass and taking a trip into town would help rid him of the fucking melancholy that was currently screwing with his mind. He looked at his brother who was wrapped around Maria and kissing her neck as she giggled. "Hey y'all, I think I'm gonna head into town." Jasper caught his gaze, a knowing smirk in place, his arms still around Maria who simply smiled in understanding. "Go Pedro," she said in her softly accented voice. "Enjoy yourself." He watched as his brother grinned. "I don't think ya gotta worry about that darlin'. Pete's never had a problem with findin' entertainment, it's gettin' 'em to turn loose afterward that's been the challenge." Pete shot his grinning brother a dark look. "You enjoy my misery entirely too much Major." Maria reached up and caressed Jasper's cheek. "Leave your poor brother alone. He deserves a break, mi cielo. You know how hard he's been working to train the new recruits." Jasper raised a brow at his now smirking brother. "Indeed my love, the poor baby's lookin' right peaky." Pete rolled his eyes and shot Jasper the finger as he rose from the chair. "That's it, I'll see y'all later. Be back in a day or two." He left the office as the sound of Jasper's chuckle faded behind him. He loved his brother. He did. But when Jasper got it in his mind to tease, it usually wound up with the two of them in the fight circle outside, beating the hell out of each other until they felt better. While that usually resolved Pete's surly mood, he had a feeling that it wouldn't help in the least this time around. He straddled his bike and started it up, letting the finely tuned engine purr as he donned the black leather jacket, gloves, and helmet that would keep him from glowing like a fucking disco ball in the glaring sunlight. In the years since his turning, he'd pretty much come to terms with each aspect of being a vampire, but the sparkling thing still pissed him off to no end. In his not-so-humble opinion, whoever thought that shit up should have their head examined at the very least, and on his really bad days… well, let's just say that a slow, painful death wasn't out of the realm of possibility. ' Sparkling…' He curled his upper lip in distaste as he slid on his black Raybans. Time to get the hell outta here and find a distraction. He smirked to himself as he nudged the bike forward