Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot and any original characters therein. No copyright infringement intended. A/N: This is a revised re-post of my very first story (first posted in Feb. of '14) which I pulled after receiving my very first nasty review. LOL It was a bit tough to take as the ol' hide was pretty thin then. I took it pretty hard (cried snot and tears and everything and didn't touch the story again until recently). I happen to like it though, and so, here it is, polished up some and ready for consumption. Jasper, in this story, is a bit broken though, so if you're looking for bad-ass Major, well he'll make appearances in this, but it'll be in equal measure with the timid, vulnerable Jasper for a while, until he 'heals'. If that's not your thing, take a hike. No one's forcing anyone to read here. . . Chapter 1 "Well, that's it Bella," I muttered to myself with a tired sigh. With hands on hips, I peered around the room I'd occupied while living with my father, Charlie. I used the word 'occupied' because I didn't feel like I'd ever done much living here. The room was empty, barren, a blank void and had been for quite a while; the perfect representation of the being housed within its walls. The only things left now were the stripped bed and dresser that I'd just finished emptying into my suitcase. After my whirl-wind romance with Edward Cullen and his subsequent shattering of my heart and self esteem, I'd had to shift myself into something like auto pilot, with all of my emotions locked away in order to get on with things. It was either that, or get shipped off to Jacksonville and whatever hare-brained therapist Renee would have most likely subjected me to. I chuckled ruefully at the mental image that particular thought conjured. I could just see myself stretched out on a squeaky, faux-leather couch in a downtown cookie-cutter office as I spilled all— "Why am I emotionally stunted and unable to interact with society to any degree of normalcy, you ask? Well, you see Mr. Therapist, it might have something to do with my ex-boyfriend—my first love—who was a one hundred-plus year old vampire. Don't look so shocked! Wait—are you laughing?! "Anyway, he thought he and his family (who are also vampires, just so's you know) were too dangerous for me you see (that whole pesky blood drinking thing they have going on and the fact that I apparently smell delicious…bad combination I guess), so they abandoned me—just up and left me behind—even though they claimed to love me as a daughter. So, what do you make of that Mr. Therapist? Will I ever be normal again? Huh, will I?" Yeah, wouldn't that situation have been a real knee slapper (complete with custom tailored straight jacket and nicely padded room…probably some pretty good drugs too…huh, maybe I should'a considered it…)? Thus my choice to become a virtual automaton, complete with fake, overly-bright smiles and chattery conversations on cue. Still, through it all, I'd managed to make it through school with pretty decent grades despite my month of zombie impressionism. Yay me… So now, after all of that, two years later, here I am all packed up and ready to make like sheep and get the flock out when I realized that I really needed some closure. Now that I'd allowed myself to think about the past, all those pesky, repressed emotions were really grating on me and even I had the presence of mind to realize leaving things in such a state wouldn't be the best way to make a fresh start. 'God what am I, Dr. Phil?' I rolled my eyes at my thoughts because, admittedly, arguing with myself was not the best thing to engage in. I'm pretty sure it's considered unhealthy or some shit. So, yeah…that need for closure? Obviously now a priority… I sighed and decided to give in and get it over with. I'd go to their house, release all the pain by crying it out once and for all, maybe with a little kicking and screaming thrown in too damn it. And if one of the kicks happens to hit his precious piano, all's the better. I smirked just picturing it. Then my brow pinched as I saw myself hopping around with a broken toe; the most likely outcome of such an action... 'Well shit,' I thought. 'Yeah, that's no good. Wonder if Charlie would miss that eight pound sledge hammer I spotted in the shed a few days back?' And just like that, my smirk was back. So now, an hour later, here I sit, hands on the wheel and eight pound sledge on the seat beside me as my stomach ties itself into knots while I stare through my windshield at the Cullen house. All my crap is in the back of my truck and all the money I'd saved over the years is stashed in my purse. I was ready to get the hell out of Forks for good, but I had to get over this last mind-fuck first. 'Much easier said than done, apparently,' I thought as a bead of cold sweat trickled down my neck. On the verge of hyperventilating, I concentrated on breathing while my thoughts wandered… I'd said all the good byes that I'd needed to—Charlie just that morning—and now I'm faced with this house and all of the memories it contains. Squeezing my eyes shut, I took a couple of slow, deep breaths, grabbed the door handle and popped it open. "Find your spine, Bella," I muttered as I grabbed that heavy assed hammer and closed the truck door before facing the house. "You can do this…" I approached the front door and tentatively tried the handle. To my surprise, it was unlocked so I took the plunge and shoved the door open. 'Huh. Vampires, top of the food chain… I guess they don't worry about little things like theft and intruders.' I shrugged my mental ramblings off and walked in. With my track record, if an unlocked door was the strangest thing I encountered in this foray, I'd count myself damn lucky. As I looked around, I noticed all of the furniture covered in dust cloths and it seemed as though all of the personal items that had made this place a home were missing. It seemed hollow this way, empty, lonely; which is kind of how I felt at the sight of it—until my gaze landed on Edward's prized piano… Slowly stepping toward it, I grasped the dust sheet and pulled it free of the gleaming black instrument, letting it fall in a dusty pool on the floor as rage slowly filled me. Suddenly, that hammer in my grasp wasn't heavy at all and I began to swing the thing, satisfying crunches mixed with muttered curses and discordant dying notes ringing hollowly through the room as I went about killing the fucking thing with manic glee. Finally, when it was just a wrecked and splintered shell on four legs, the hammer slipped my grip with a thud as my chest heaved, my body dragging in great gulps of air as tears I hadn't been aware of shedding dripped from my chin and jaw. "Take that you sparkly fuckstick…" Turning toward the stairs, I tried to lock down my emotions as I slowly ascended but as I reached the bedroom hallways I decided to just let it all go. This was my long-overdue therapy, right? When I did, the pain of it all engulfed me, sending me to my knees as a dam finally broke within and fresh tears coursed down my cheeks. Somewhere between gasping and choking back sobs I began to hear whimpers and groans come from what had been Alice's bedroom. What the…? Rising to my feet, my heart began to pound as I hastily dried my tears on my sleeve while eyeing said bedroom door warily. Approaching the door, I slowly pushed it open and saw a figure with honey blond hair curled onto his side in the center of the bed. I was pretty sure it was Jasper but I hadn't yet seen his face. There was undisturbed dust on every surface in the room and I noticed with dismay that the figure also seemed to be covered in a fine layer of the stuff. My heart lurched as I put the pieces together… 'Has he really been here, unmoving, on this bed this entire time?!' Walking around the bed, I saw, sure enough, none of the dust around him had been disturbed… 'Jesus,' I thought. 'That can only mean I'm right…' As my heart broke for him, I began speaking in soothing tones. "Jasper? It's Bella Swan…" He didn't respond, but his sounds of distress quieted and I realized then that it was probably the crazy emotional break I'd indulged in that upset him. "I'm sorry Jasper," I murmured while kneeling next to the bed. Reaching out, I tentatively touched his shoulder. "Jasper? Honey, can you hear me?" There was no response, not even a twitch and his eyes remained closed. I perched next to him on the edge of the bed and gently touched his cheek, carefully wiping some of the dust away in the process. He did nothing. His beautiful eyes were closed and he made no sound. He wasn't even breathing. "Jasper?" I murmured as I ran my fingers through his hair. I didn't even get a twitch from him. "Jasper, can you open your eyes for me honey?" Nothing. "Jasper, are you here alone? Where are the others? Where is Alice?" Still nothing. I was sure mentioning Alice would get a response, but he didn't move, even a bit. I began to stroke his face and hair while thinking about what I should do in this situation. It wasn't like I could just pick up the phone and call for help considering none of those assholes left me with a contact number. 'Think Bella, think!' I glanced down at him and it was plain to see that he needed blood. By this time, I was pretty sure he hadn't fed in over a year at least, and perhaps two. Amazingly though, he was still beautiful, but also kind of brittle looking and the shadows under his eyes were very dark. As I continued to stroke his face and hair something sparked within me and I began to feel protective of him. He was so vulnerable this way; any thing could happen to him and it made me feel very uneasy. Taking a deep breath, I resolved to help him no matter what. First things first though; he needed blood and let's face it—it's not like I could go out and fetch a deer. Snorting at just the thought of me dressed like one of those guys on Duck Dynasty, my thoughts raced until I reluctantly glanced down at my wrist. Oh god, could I really do something like that? Could I even manage such a crazy feat without passing out? Moreover, when he regained some sort of consciousness, would he lose it and kill me? I glanced at his face and caressed his cool cheek, saddened by his current condition; to see the strong, noble vampire I remembered in such a fragile state… The only one to tell me I was worth it when I'd been feeling my lowest… I smirked wryly then at my thoughts of him being fragile. I wasn't stupid. I recalled clearly the very last time I'd seen him, his expression fierce and feral, eyes black as a moonless night as he struggled to get to me, to my blood… Yes, I was fully aware of the other side of Jasper as well, but could I leave him to this? Locked inside himself and starving as he was? I ran my fingers through his silky waves