A/N: This is another example of me messing around. I looked at all my other stories and none of them were speaking to me. Utter silence. Aro, on the other hand, wouldn't shut the fuck up, so here is my interpretation of what I think should have happened the day Bella and Alice went to 'save' Edward from himself in Volterra. I don't own them. They belong to S. Meyer and I'm just lucky enough to have them to play with on occasion. I make nothing from this but would like to state that the plot deviations from canon are mine. Don't use them and don't continue this story without gaining permission first. Happy reading and love to those who actually take the time to review. ~o0o~ Aro observed the group assembled in front of him with disdain and not a little amusement. They actually thought to negotiate with him? That they could possibly leave his throne room this day with what they wanted? He scoffed mentally. Ridiculous. He hadn't spent these hundreds of years ruling such an indomitable society to be so easily manipulated now. Ah, the perils of youth and youthful arrogance. They thought him to be frivolous and ignorant and of course, he fostered such an image. It was always an advantage to be underestimated by ones' enemies and even more beneficial, to be so considered by ones' friends. When the lethal strike came, or the ruthless verdict handed down, it was always met with shocked disbelief and he reveled in that fact. Lethal service with a deadly smile was always his greatest coup. And so it was that Aro smiled his warmest smile at Edward Cullen, Alice Cullen and a shivering and pitiful looking human girl who had all been ushered in by the lovely and lethal Jane. Bounding out of his throne with great enthusiasm, Aro welcomed them with arms spread wide. He of course, ignored Caius' rolled eyes and scoff. His brother could be such a….what was the term in today's vernacular? Ah, yes! His brother was a sour puss; always wanting to ruin his fun by rushing through everything and killing them off right away. Now where was the fun in that? He circled the group, hands clasped just under his chin, two fingers steepled and tapping his plump crimson lower lip. There was ample amusement to be had here he realized with a thrill of excitement and a spike of glee shooting through him. He barely restrained himself from giggling. "Young Edward! So good of you to join us once again, and so soon! And what is this I see? Could it be a living Isabella?" He continued to circle them, amusement dancing in his red eyes, even as his brow furrowed in mock confusion. "How can such a miracle be young Edward? And oh my! It is most fortunate that we did not give you what you sought, would you not agree young one? It's just as I said isn't it Edward? It never serves to cater to impetuousness. " Aro took in the sour look on Edward's face and tsk'ed. "You were so angry with me for denying your request for immediate death young one. Like a child denied a toy. Yes, I can see that Carlisle should have disciplined you more in your first years. Had he, you would not be the spoiled youth I see before me today. I do believe that we will succeed where he failed, young Edward, for you shall spend the next one hundred years here with us." He steadfastly ignored the shocked gasps from the half drowned human girl and Alice Cullen all the while pacing and circling. "You shall be mentored and disciplined by my brother Marcus. He expressed quite an interest in you young one and I do believe he will be very good for you. He will teach you obedience and humility, something that I detect is lacking in you at present. True, he will break you and dominate you at first, but you will be better for it." He turned to Marcus. "Is this acceptable to you my brother? I know he will test your patience." His smile to his brother was shark-like. Marcus inclined his head and waved a hand absently. "He will submit quite quickly Aro. Within two days. Would you care to wager?" Aro giggled in glee. "I do not make bets that I am destined to lose my brother. You know this." Alice rushed forward then and was quickly restrained by Demetri's hand around her neck. "Please Master Aro! Please don't do this! We will comply with whatever you wish! We will change Bella as soon as we arrive home! Please touch me and see! I have already seen it. She and Edward will be very happy together and a vital part of our family! Please don't take them from us!" Aro turned to her, a mockingly sad frown on his face. "My dear Alice, what am I to do with you, hm? You obviously think me a fool my dear and that fact vexes me greatly. You see, I know how your visions work from what I gleaned from young Edward. You could make a decision and show me what you think I want to see. I then let you go home, someone changes their mind and she's right back to remaining human. Now, it's very true that I could send someone to check up on all of you and make sure that she is turned, but why would I do that my dear when I have the human standing before me this very day? Today, it is your problem. Should I let you walk out our doors with an intact human, it becomes my problem. Too much work and not enough fun to be had in that scenario my dear and I'm all about fun and convenience." He smiled widely as he gestured at a downtrodden Bella with two hands and a flourish. "Convenient and soon to be very fun!" He looked up in thought while tapping his lips with a finger. "How do the youth of today say it? Ah yes! It's a no brainer Alice!" He chuckled evilly at the incredulous expression on her face just before spinning around quickly at the sound of Edward growling and lunging. He tsk'ed at Edward as he was pinned to the floor by his brother Marcus, who promptly yanked him up and sank his teeth into his neck, causing the youth to whine in distress as he hung limply in Marcus' grip. Aro smiled and clapped. "Ah, your first lesson young one! Delightful! I'm thrilled I got to see it!" Spinning back around to Alice, who was still in Demetri's iron grip, he took on a contemplative look. "What to do with you now young Alice?" He smirked at her widened eyes. "I need to go home Master Aro! Please my King! I beg of you, have mercy and let me return home to my family?"" "Your family young Alice? Is that your primary concern? Truly?" She nodded as best she could with Demetri's hand on her neck. "Yes Master Aro. I will miss them greatly if I am made to stay here." He circled her. "Tell me Alice, who will you miss the most?" She looked perplexed. "The most?" He raised his brows and nodded. "Yes Alice. It is not a trick question. I seek an honest answer." "I will miss them all equally Master. I love them, just as I love my brother Edward." Aro nodded as he paced. He turned to Marcus, who was once again on his throne, a contrite Edward kneeling at his feet quietly. "Tell me brother, do you see a mate bond when you look at young Alice?" Marcus scrutinized her for some moments. "I do not Aro. She has never formed a mate bond or even a romantic love type of bond. They are all familial." Aro nodded. "I had suspected as much. She was too willing to risk all to come here for young Edward to have left behind a mate." "No! That's not true!" She screeched. "I have a mate! Jasper is my mate!" Aro's brows rose higher and higher as her protests became more vehement until he finally held up a hand to halt her shrieking. "Goodness! What in the world has Carlisle been doing with his time that he cannot instruct his young charges in proper vampire behavior and society?! Young one, you do not have a mate bond, thus you do not have a mate. They go hand in hand after all. Just because you have deluded yourself for all of these years does not make it so." He could see that she was prepared to argue so he spun around and paced away to his throne. "I would like all the male Elite Guards to get into formation now please." Within seconds they were lined up in front of him, Jane having taken Alice from Demetri. One by one, he touched them briefly, assessing their thoughts, until he stopped at Felix. "Ah Felix! You are ever so loyal and such a delight to me! I shall grant you what you want. Alice is yours to do with as you see fit. Just remember that she would make an excellent addition to our ranks someday dear one. After you train her sufficiently, of course. Now take her and enjoy the rest of your day to yourself." Felix smiled and bowed deeply in respect. "Thank you Master Aro. I shall enjoy her very much and worry not, she shall come to serve you willingly very soon." "I have every confidence in you Felix. You are dismissed." Felix picked up a screeching Alice and departed the throne room. Aro focused back on the remaining male Elites still assembled before him. "Demetri, are you certain that you are up to the task of dealing with a newborn dear one?" Demetri smiled in delight. "Yes Master Aro. I will be sure to train her properly from the beginning. She will not leave my side for many years. I will see that she's loyal and obedient." Aro waved a hand, giving Demetri an indulgent smile. "Our dear Alec may have a thing or two to say about that. Have you taken him into consideration dear Demetri?" "While we have not had an in depth conversation, we did talk briefly about taking her on when I came back from retrieving them Master. I told him of my desire if you should present the opportunity, and like always, he is willing to indulge me. He is truly too good for me Master." Demetri sent a wink to Alec who dropped his head and smiled at him while peeking up through his lashes. "Yes, my sweet son is very agreeable at times Demetri. I trust you will be as attentive to him as you have always been? I will not tolerate my son being unhappy dear one." Demetri met Aro's gaze steadfastly. "He has always been and will remain my priority Master. I love him with my whole heart." He held out his hand. "Search me and see that it is so my Master." Aro looked to Marcus who nodded. "Their bond is bright and strong Brother. Worry not for your son." "Very well Demetri. I will grant you this. However, I will be watching." Demetri bowed deeply. "Thank you Master. I shall not fail you or Alec." Demetri looked back up at his Master and was pinned by the most serious gaze he had ever witnessed on his face. "I'm holding you to your word Demetri." He smiled a genuine smile. "Now, take your prize and spend the rest of the day with my son. You will have to adjust to having one other with you from now on after all. I'm sure you will need the time. I'll expect her to be turned tomorrow. There is no