Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot and any original characters therein. No copyright infringement intended. A/N: This pairing/story is by request via pm. Hope you find it enjoyable. If so, leave a review, yeah? Light and love, ~Spudz . . Chapter 1 Volterra, Italy - St. Marcus Day - Volturi Throne Room "So, the question is, my dear Isabella, what do we do with you now?" Aro drawled, hands clasped under his chin as one pale index finger ran lazily over his bottom lip. "You already know what you're going to do," the blond brother intoned, his pale brows drawn in a deep glare as he watched Aro prowl in front of the trembling human. Aro smiled wolfishly, his thoughts racing as his red gaze cut to the kneeling mind-reader clutched in Felix's iron hold. In all honesty, he did not want to destroy the obviously gifted human. Shields were rare, after all, and to display such power, even as a weak human—well, he knew she would be incredibly powerful should she be turned. Still, even with the threat of her death looming, the stubborn mind-reader remained reticent about changing the girl. 'Such a pity,' he thought with a sigh as he turned on his heel to grasp the girl's chin, his grin stretching to cheshire-like proportions as she gasped and jumped. Leaning forward, he ran his nose from her collarbone to her ear, taking in the full potency of her alluring scent. The action had the desired effect on his thoughts and instincts and he secretly smiled against her skin as the mind-reader growled and the little psychic gasped. He parted his lips, his fangs descending as his body prepared to feed. "Wait!" the seer's shrill voice sliced through the tension in the room. "Please, wait! She'll be changed! I've seen it. I'll change her myself if I have to." Aro backed away from the panting, terrified human, his thirst-darkened gaze darting to Demetri. He nodded and Demetri released his grip on the psychic's neck. She peeled off her glove and held her hand out. "Look and see." He grasped her hand and fell into her visions of the girl as an immortal, her eyes red and shining as she ran through the woods of the Pacific northwest, all human imperfections burned away by the venom of their kind. She was beautiful, like all their kind, but that hardly interested him. Despite what the little psychic and the mind-reader thought, Aro wasn't stupid. He knew the seer's visions were subject to the decisions made by others which meant they could change as those decisions changed. Consequently, this was a situation that merited close scrutiny. He would see to it. "Demetri, Felix, escort our guests to the waiting area. I would have a private word with Isabella before they leave here." Felix dragged the mind-reader to his feet before releasing the hold on his neck while shoving him toward the doors. "Bella?" the mind-reader rasped and she waved a shaking hand. "It's fine, Edward. Just go. I'll be fine." Felix shoved him out the doors and Alice followed with Demetri bringing up the rear to close the doors with a heavy, echoing thud. Aro turned to the girl, eyeing her for a long moment before speaking. "He does not want to change you." Her hands wrung together and she gave a jerky nod. "I know." "That is unacceptable." She met his piercing red gaze. "I understand." He gave her a smile that did not touch the cold finality in his eyes. "Then you understand, if they do not change you within an acceptable amount of time, that we will?" She swallowed heavily. "Yes, I—I do, but…I would ask one small concession, if I may?" His eyes narrowed even as his smile stayed in place. "What would you ask of me, sweet Isabella?" "Allow me these next few months with my father, just until I graduate? Then, I'll be ready." "Aro, this is ridiculous!" Caius scoffed. Without turning, Aro stayed further protests with an upheld hand. "I will allow it, on one condition." She blinked at him and he continued. "You will contact me the minute they change their minds. If there is the barest hint that they will not follow through and change you, I want to hear it, do you understand?" She nodded. "I understand and agree." "Do you have a cellular phone, my dear?" With brows furrowed, she slipped it from her pocket. "I do." He held out his hand. "May I?" She handed it to him and he quickly entered his contact information before handing it back. She arched a brow as she looked at it. "Uncle Vittorio?" He flapped a hand. "Yes, yes…how do they say these days? Just roll with it?" Despite the nerves still wracking her body, her brows shot up and she bit back an incredulous laugh. "Don't look so shocked. It can get boring here. I watch TV. "Now, it will be dark soon. You should be on your way. Alec, be a gem and see Isabella to the waiting area. Remind them not to leave until sundown. And for the sake of the gods and decent people everywhere, get the idiot mind-reader a proper shirt." XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Groaning at the feel of cold lips on her cheek, she rolled over and clutched her pillow while pulling the blankets over her head. "Five more minutes," she grumbled. The dulcet tones of a light laugh met her ears just as the comforting darkness of the blankets disappeared. "I would leave you to it, love, but my dear sister is expecting us at the house in thirty minutes, remember?" She groaned again and shot a frown at him over her shoulder. "I'm trying not to." "Bella, you know these decisions need to be finalized. They're the last details of the wedding and our input is vital." She sat up and swung her legs over the side of the bed. "When I agreed to this, I was told all I needed to do was show up. What happened to that?" His eyes narrowed, though his crooked smirk remained. "Keep this up love, and I'm going to start to think you don't really want to marry me." She glanced at the massive ring on her finger and stifled a grimace before rising to grab her toiletries bag. "Don't be ridiculous," she said without looking at him. "Now shoo while I get ready for the day." He hopped off the bed and kissed her forehead on his way out the door. "I'll go make your breakfast." She nodded and sighed heavily as he called back over his shoulder, "Alice said to wear the skirt and blouse she hung at the center of your closet. She said you'd know which shoes to pair with the outfit." With a scowl, she entered the bathroom, slamming the door behind her. Twenty minutes later, she entered the kitchen, taking a seat at the table just as Edward slid a plate in front of her. "What would you like to drink, love?" "Water," she grumbled before forking a bite of eggs into her mouth. They were delicious, but then, she'd come to expect nothing but perfection from anything her vampire family did. It got to where she was gleefully anticipating the day where they managed to fuck something up. So far, their record was nauseatingly spotless. "Something wrong?" he asked while gracefully lowering himself into the adjacent chair, having already cleaned the entire kitchen. She swallowed and shook her head. "Nope." He frowned. "You seem…down…not your usual self." He reached over and grasped her free hand. "Love, please talk to me." She sighed heavily and placed her fork on the plate, finally meeting his earnest, golden gaze. "Edward, I've held up my end of the bargain, but every time I bring up my change, you deflect. I need a solid answer from you. I need a date." "I told you, we'll discuss it when we get back from our honeymoon." He raised her hand to his lips, ghosting a kiss over her fingers while staring through his lashes. "We have all the time in the world, love. No need to rush." She nearly growled. "Edward, the Volturi…" He did growl. "I'm sure, now that the mess with Victoria is taken care of, we barely register on their radar. They have better things to do than worry about what we're doing. I'm sure it'll be years before they think to check up on us. Besides, with my gift, if need be, I can stay well ahead of them, even if they do have a talented tracker." She frowned. "Stay ahead of them?! That wasn't the agreement! They let us go on the condition I would be changed, and soon." "And you will be," he crooned while cupping her cheek and staring into her eyes. "But I don't want to think of that right now." He kissed her lips, a heavy gust of his sweet breath wafting over her face as she inhaled, making her blink as her features relaxed, her thoughts now distant and somehow unimportant. He leaned back, a satisfied smile curling his lips. "You only get married once, Isabella. Let's enjoy it and put off all the unpleasantness until afterward, hmm?" "All right," she nodded. "Whatever you say, Edward." "There's my beautiful fiancée," he drawled. "Now, let's go, love. Alice is waiting." XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Bella tilted her spoon, the tiny cheerio corralled within splashing down into the milk in her bowl as she stared, her thoughts consumed with her future. It had been a week since she'd been to Edward's house to finalize wedding details, and she was still no closer to pinning Edward down to a date for her change. Every time she brought it up, he seemed to talk his way around it with smiles, chaste kisses, and smoldering looks. The thing that bothered her about that the most was she never could hold her own in those arguments. For some reason, she always seemed to cave and it wasn't until later, after she'd been left to her own devices for a while, that such instances would creep up to bother her. It was almost as though… The buzzing of her phone startled her out of her thoughts and she dug it out of her pocket and answered. "Yes Alice?" "Bella!" the seer greeted brightly. "Want some company? I'm bored since everyone else went to hunt, and besides, this'll be a great time for us to talk with no one to eavesdrop." Bella's brow pinched at how Alice's tone had gone from bright to serious during the course of one sentence. This was going to be an important conversation, she could feel it. "Yeah, Alice, come on over." "Be there in ten!" She pocketed her phone and took her bowl to the sink, dumping it and washing it absently as she wondered what Alice wanted to talk about. She'd thought it strange that Edward hadn't insisted she stay at his house while he went hunting this week. He usually always insisted on a 'babysitter' for her during those times, but that was back when Victoria was a threat and Jacob was still speaking to her—back when she still had friends and wasn't totally isolated. Now though, it seemed almost as if he was trying to distance her from his family too. Every time she'd suggested going to his house to hang out, he'd declined with some excuse or another. It was bizarre and making her feel uneasy for some reason. She'd just placed the bowl and spoon in the dish drain when she heard a knock at the front door. "Come in Alice, it's open," she said while drying her hands on a towel. She grabbed a bottled water from the fridge and took a seat at the table just as Alice walked in. The seer grinned and set a box on the table while sliding gracefully into a chair.