Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: Thanks to all who worked on the contest this was written for. It was fun! To all who read it, I hope you enjoy it. Leave some love in a review please! Thank you! ~Spudz ~o0o~ The tall grass bent and swayed in the gentle summer breeze as the tiny girl ran through it, her brunette locks just barely visible above the reeds that were common to this area just south of Houston, TX. Her tinkling laughter combined with the birdsong coming from the trees as she gave one last mighty hop, trying her best to net the butterfly she'd been chasing. "Oh bother," she grumbled as she flopped down in the grass, a scowl now marring her beautiful face. "I'll never catch a butterfly." Her breath caught and she turned her head, heart pounding in sudden alarm at the voice she heard, seconds before a boy—or perhaps an angel?—loomed over where she lay, a tiny smirk curving his lips. "Of course you won't catch one. You're too darn tiny. Heck, I almost didn't see ya for the height of the grass." Jumping up, she stuck out her chin, scowling up at the taller blond boy. "I'm not tiny!" He raised a brow as he stared down at her, smirk still firmly in place. "Yeah, well, what are ya then little bit, 'cause ya sure look tiny to me. How old are ya anyway, five, maybe six?" Her mouth dropped open in outrage and he chuckled as her big brown eyes fairly sparked in anger. "I'm seven, almost eight, and my Papa says I'm a big girl and he's always right, so there!" She stomped her foot with a huff as he laughed. "All right, don't go throwing a hissy fit. You're seven and you're a big girl," he nodded, "I got it." She crossed her arms over her chest, eyeing him up as he smiled good-naturedly. "Just how old are you?" His thin chest puffed with pride as he answered. "Nine and I'm the oldest in my family. That makes me the man of the house when my Pa ain't there." Her eyes widened a bit, duly impressed. "Your Pa gone a lot?" she asked, a bit of awe in her voice. She just couldn't imagine being in charge of a whole house without her Papa there. He looked smug as he answered. "From time to time. He makes trips into the city for business and such." She shaded her eyes as she looked up at him, her head tilting to the side. "Don't cha get scared?" He scoffed, his brow pinched as he shook his head. "Heck no! I know how'ta shoot and 'sides," he looked a bit sheepish as he shrugged a shoulder, "my Mama's always there too." She smirked as she squinted up at him and his expression darkened. "That don' mean nothin'. Pa leaves me in charge and that's just what I am, even Mama says so." "Okay, don't go gettin' your knickers in a knot," she said with a giggle. He grinned, tossing his fishing pole to the side as he flopped down on his back in the grass. Plucking out one thin reed, he began to chew on the tender end as she sat next to him. He glanced at her. "So what's your name little bit?" She shot him a dark look and he grinned again. "Well, I may as well tell ya so you'll quit callin' me little," she grumbled. "It's Isabella Marie Swan." She nodded at him imperiously. "Please use it." He chuckled, shifting the piece of grass in his mouth with his tongue. "Mercy, that's quite the name for such a little 'un." She scowled and started to rise when he reached out, grabbing her hand to stop her, looking contrite. "My apologies, Isabella. It's just… well—you're cute as a button, that's why I call ya little bit." She slowly sat back down, a small smile curving her cupid's bow lips as a warm feeling enveloped her. "Apology accepted." He grinned, relaxing back with an arm behind his head as he chewed the piece of grass. She pulled some lengthy blades and began braiding them together as she glanced at him. "I told ya my name, what's yours?" He cut his gaze toward her and then back to the branches that shaded them. "It's Jasper—Jasper Andrew Whitlock." She hmm'ed at that as her deft fingers worked, finally glancing over to him. "It's a nice name. I like it," she declared with a nod. He smiled as he stared into the branches of the pecan tree. "Well, thank you little bit. Glad ya like it." Minutes passed in silence as both enjoyed the mild day of early summer, Bella braiding away until she thought it was just right and she leaned over, laying it on his chest. He cracked an eye open and picked up what she'd made. "What's this?" Her cheeks flushed pink and she murmured, "It's for you. It's a friendship bracelet. Will you be my friend Jasper Andrew Whitlock?" He smiled and slipped it over his hand. "Yeah, think I'd like to be your friend Isabella Marie Swan." She shook her head and he cocked a brow as she smiled. "Call me little bit." He laughed and laid back again. "Okay tiny." ~o0o~ Tears of embarrassment and anger streamed down her face as she ran to the place she felt safest; the pecan tree by the pond where she'd first met her best friend, Jasper. She just couldn't get over what Johnny had said to her, how mean he'd been, not to mention the mocking laughter of the other girls and she scowled up at the branches as she laid back in the tall grass, angrily swiping her tears. To think that she'd ever thought Johnny Collins to be handsome… She squeezed her eyes shut as shame and humiliation shot through her. He'd been her first crush, after all, and his rejection and cruelty hurt terribly. Blond curls and eyes of the bluest blue finally crept through her anguished thoughts and she sighed and wiped her tears away. Okay, so Johnny wasn't her first crush, but Jasper was her best friend and she his, and it was clear to her, no matter how she wished him to, he would never think of her in any other way. They did everything together and had since that day, five years earlier, when they'd decided to be friends. They fished, swam, and caught lightnin' bugs and sometimes simply sat together in quiet company until it was time to go home. She knew he loved her, but she thought it was probably a type of love that would never turn into more, so she'd resigned herself to having what she could of him. Drying the last of her tears, she turned her head at the sound of someone moving through the grass, breathing a sigh of relief when Jasper emerged seconds later. Taking a seat next to where she lay, he kept his voice low as he spoke. "What happened little bit? Why'd you run outta the school yard and why were ya cryin'?" Her face pinched, her lips pressed tightly together as she turned away from him, doing her best to stifle a fresh round of tears. "Just leave it be Jay. It ain't a big deal and I'll get over it directly." He scowled. "It was Johnny Collins wasn't it? I saw ya with him. He said somethin' mean to ya didn't he?" He started to get up and she grabbed his hand, giving him a pleading look. "No Jay, just let it be! Please!" He stared down at her, his nostrils flared, his eyes blazing like blue flames with his anger as he spoke, his voice low and controlled. "Let me go little bit, 'cause I'm gonna go whoop 'im like the dog he is." She let go, collapsing back to the grass and covering her face as fresh tears fell, her voice full of despair as she spoke. "Just let it be. He told the truth anyway. He's right, I am ugly and nobody wants me." Jasper's eyes widened, he had no idea she felt that way and knew she couldn't be further from the truth. He sat back down, taking her hand as he spoke softly. "None of that's true little bit, not a single word of it." She scoffed as she dried her eyes with her free hand. "What would you know about it? We're best friends, you don't really see me, leastways not in that way." He shook his head slowly, his messy golden waves glinting in the filtered sunlight. "Wrong again little bit. I do see ya, but you don't see me." Turning her face toward him, she studied his earnest expression, her brow furrowed in confusion. "What do ya mean by that Jay?" He leaned forward and his fingers gently traced the outline of her face, his eyes following the movement before meeting hers. "I mean that I see you, in that way, and you're beautiful." Her breath caught and he continued, "I—I love you Isabella Marie Swan and I always will." Leaning down, he gently brushed his lips over hers, and they reveled in their first shy kiss. He backed away enough to look at her and she cupped his cheek, a small smile curving her lips, her voice soft as she spoke. "I've always seen you Jasper Andrew Whitlock, and I love you too." ~o0o~ She stood next to the old pecan tree, fingers tracing over the heart and initials Jasper carved almost three years earlier, her anger at him ebbing away, leaving fear and frustration in its place. Sadly, she shook her head, turned away and sat against the old tree that had borne witness to the most treasured moments of her life, shared equally with the boy she loved; would always love. Drawing her legs up, she looped her arms around them loosely, resting her head against her knees as she tried to understand his need to join this war. She knew part of it was pride. He didn't want to be the last to join voluntarily, and he surely didn't want the stigma of being conscripted, but oh how her heart ached at the thought of losing him. The fear gripped her heart with icy fingers and she could barely breathe through the pain of it. She knew though, she would have to let him go, no matter how she had raged at him just this morning. Tears fell and shame filled her at having wasted their last hours together in such a hurtful and futile way, and she fervently wished she could go back and start this day again, but it was too late. He was probably already gone. Surrendering to her sorrow and regret, her shoulders shook as she cried, murmuring apologies. "I'm so sorry Jay. Please don't hate me." "I could never hate ya little bit. I love ya too damn much." She gasped, her head turning to see him standing there, eyes bright with unshed tears as he watched her. Setting down the basket he carried, he reached her in two long strides, pulling her up against him and holding her close as she cupped his face in her hands, her voice desperate as she spoke. "I'm so sorry for getting angry this morning. I don't want to fight with you." He leaned down, kissed her sweetly and whispered against her lips. "It's all right sugar. I understand. You're scared darlin' but so am I." She pulled him down into a kiss, trying to convey all the love, longing, and fear that fought for dominance