Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot and any original characters therein. No copyright infringement intended. A/N: In case you missed it in the summary, this is a male/male slash story. If you don't enjoy that, please X out and leave this to those who will enjoy it. In this, Jasper is the bottom. I know people love their dominant Major, and while the Jasper in this story isn't exactly a wilting flower, he isn't dominant where Caius is concerned. My thanks to PoisonPrayer for being my sounding board. Also something to note in this story: The Sire bond. In this AU, it allows the Sire almost complete control/obedience and rivals that of the Dominant Mate bond. Still with me? Excellent! If you enjoy it, please review! Love and light, ~Spudz . . Somewhere in the wilds of Texas, late 1865 The meager light from pyres, and smell of acrid smoke pierced the darkness of the wind-swept plains as the group of cloaked figures glided forward, their feet soundless in their advance. None of this was unfamiliar to them; they'd been here before, but never with their King who peered around now with a sneer on his strikingly handsome face. Caius Volturi didn't necessarily want to be here; it was a wholly primitive place and therefore beneath him, however, these covens had, despite earlier warnings from the Volturi, persisted in their primal battles, thus requiring a firmer hand, something he was all too willing to provide. With a cold glint in his red eyes, he zeroed in on the apparent leader of the motley group of beings as they reveled in their apparent victory, the smell of blood and gore thick in the air as they basked. "The solitary female brunette," he snapped. "Bring her to me." "Yes, my Lord," the guard, Felix, responded with a bow before complying. Soon enough, said brunette was stood before him, a blond male companion tagging close behind as Felix held her in place. With feigned arrogance, she eyed the King as he lowered the deep cowl of his cloak, the cold, ruthless look in his eyes drawing an involuntary shudder from her, despite her bravado. Caius's lip curled as he examined her as one would a common cockroach. "Maria, I presume?" Her chin tilted in defiance. "I am," she responded, her voice heavily accented. "To what do I owe the pleasure of yet another visit from the Volturi?" He smirked. "Come now, don't be obtuse. We have warned you in the past. We are done warning. I am here to see the job done properly this time." With a subtle gesture of one hand, his group advanced on the feral, reveling hoard of newborns. Within moments, the pyres flared anew as the highly trained guard contingent threw the coven's dismembered bodies on the flames. Caius kept his eyes on the supposed leader, his lips twisting into a satisfied smile as her obvious ire rose. "What am I to do now?! How am I supposed to survive against my opposition with no one to fight for me?" One finely arched platinum brow rose as she spoke, his smirk never wavering. "I care not how you survive, neither do I particularly care if you survive." He sneered as he glanced around the makeshift camp. "You're already covered in filth; dig a hole and live there. But know this, if you cross us again, it will be the last thing you do." She hissed. "You've left me with nothing!" It was then the King's gaze drifted to the blond male still standing a few paces behind the livid female, his eyes narrowing as he really took note of the obviously young vampire. "Boy!" the arrogant King snapped. The young vampire's attention flashed to the blond King as Maria hissed and held out an arm to block his advance. "He is mine! He's all I have left and you will not take him!" Caius's eyes narrowed, all pretense of mirth dropping from his face. He now looked cold, ruthless. "Felix," he drawled, prompting the massive guard to act without further direction. In seconds, she was on her knees with Felix's large hand wrapped around her throat. She knew better than to move as one small flick of his wrist would remove her head, and Maria was anything but stupid. "Now then," Caius resumed speaking, a smirk quirking his lips, "step forward, boy." Warily, the young vampire stepped forward into the meager light, his features now in sharp relief to Caius's keen sight. The ancient King's breath nearly caught, but he stifled such a base reaction…barely. The young one was stunning, despite the unkept state of him and Caius's instincts instantly flared to life. 'Mate! Mine! My mate!' his inner vampire screamed as his fists clenched and nostrils flared, taking in lungfuls of the youngling's heady scent. With rapidly darkening eyes, he advanced, walking a slow circuit around the fledgling; one just barely out of the newborn phase if Caius were to guess. When he faced him once again, he reached out, chucking the youngling's chin with a crooked finger. "You'll be coming with me, just as soon as we…take care of business. " With that, the youngling jerked his chin from the imposing King's surprisingly gentle grasp, a wicked smirk blooming where stoic indifference had been only moments before. "Make me," was all he said as amusement and defiance flashed in his red eyes. A dark chuckle was the platinum King's response. "Oh, young one…" he said with a wickedly amused grin. "Challenge accepted." Like lighting he moved, pinning the younger vampire down, right there in the dirt, on his knees, as he buried his teeth in his neck. The fledgling was so shocked, he didn't even gasp until he'd already been marked. His eyes went wide as the dominant King then yanked down his trousers, baring his ass and running a soothing hand over his hip while licking the weeping mark closed. "You are mine, young one. Never doubt it," he said while freeing his engorged cock and slicking it with a spat out palmful of venom. "I'm going to claim you now. Do you consent?" He had to ask as he had never, and would never, rape anyone . The young one glanced over his shoulder, a shiver racing through his body and eyes heavy with the lust that now cycled between them. "Yes, I consent," he breathed. "Very well," the king purred, his hand running down his mate's supple, lithely muscled back. With the barest of pauses, he lined up and slowly pushed in, growling at the tight feeling as his young mate's ring of muscle slowly stretched around him. A pang of regret pierced his dead heart at the pained whimper his initial thrusts wrenched from his mate. He would have liked to have done this somewhere else, and taken his time too, but time was limited and he needed to lay claim in order to wrest the youngling from the iron control of his Sire. From his peripheral view, he could see his guard contingent, circled protectively around him, their backs turned in respect; something he found himself grateful for as he stroked into his panting mate. As he watched, his mate finally began to push back to meet his thrusts, his purrs and growls bringing a pleased smirk to Caius's face as his hand glided over a supple hip to grip and stroke the young one's straining cock. "My Lord!" the young one cried, drawing a purr from the King as his young mate's body spasmed with the force of his orgasm, milking his own completion in turn. Nuzzling his fledgling's back, he placed a kiss on his shoulder as he pulled out, the claiming now complete. "Get yourself dressed, Tesorino," the King purred with a kiss to his new mate's supple lips. "We must depart." He stood, tugging his trousers up and fastening them as the King straightened his own clothes, a slight sneer on his face as he brushed dirt from his normally pristine trousers. With all the dignity he could muster, Caius straightened his shoulders, donned the sleek, black gloves he'd retrieved from a pocket and nodded at his guard. "Leave the whore. If she screws up again, she burns," he muttered while turning to leave the clearing they'd been in. "You cannot take Jasper!" Maria shrieked as the regal group began to depart, Jasper protectively encircled within their number as he froze, his emotions in conflict over who he should obey. "He's mine!" she screeched. Caius snarled loudly, spinning about to grab the woman by the throat. "Heed me, you base and ignorant whore. I believe I just proved, unequivocally, who he belongs to. Do you deny it?" he hissed while slowly tightening his grip on her neck. She choked and shook her head, her eyes wide as she clawed at his wrist. "Good," he sneered before tossing her across the open space. "Come along, boy," Caius muttered while beckoning his young mate to follow. A blonde girl in the group snickered and Jasper narrowed his eyes, growling while throwing a heavy wave of fear at her for her audacity. When it hit her, her eyes widened and she gasped, nearly buckling under the strain. When the King noticed his mate hadn't followed, he turned back with an arched brow. Jasper's sneer was almost as caustic as the infamous blond King's as he lifted his chin and spat, "The name's Jasper Whitlock, not boy , and I'll thank you to remember it." He folded his arms over his chest and stared into amused red eyes as the King studied him a long moment. "Indeed, Tesorino?" Caius murmured with a smirk as he caressed his stubborn young mate's cheek. "Very well then, Jasper ," he drawled with a nod of concession, "come along. The trip home is a long one, and if I never see this place again, it will be too soon." Jasper frowned and looked back to where Maria stood, her dark gaze locked on him as she willed him to obey her emotional call. He wasn't sure how to feel about all of this. Maria was all that he'd known since waking to this life. She was his Sire, his trainer and countless times, his greatest torment; in short, his bond to her was compelling. He didn't love her—most times, he hated her—but she was all he knew, her hold over him complete. As Jasper hesitated, Caius's eyes narrowed and he threaded a gloved hand into the long curls at the nape of Jasper's neck, yanking his body close as he stared down into the startled vampire's face. With a dip of his head, he nipped the fresh claiming mark as he murmured, "Need I remind you who it is you now submit to, Jasper?" He sucked at the mark drawing a gasp from his mate. "No, you don't," Jasper denied with a shake of his head. Caius drew back to look in his eyes before leaning in to give him a heated kiss, reveling in the low groan and purr from his mate as their tongues met and played together. Too soon, he broke the kiss, a smirk playing on his lips as he held him close. "Now, enough of this. You are mine. You submit to me and will come along with no further protest." Jasper tensed, rebellion flashing in his eyes until the blond King's gaze narrowed, the grip he had in Jasper's hair tightening as a growl rumbled in his chest. At that, Jasper's gaze darted away instinctively and he nodded. "All right, I'll go," he answered. "Very well," Caius said with another light kiss to his lips as he released him. "Let us depart for Italy." . XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX . Philadelphia, PA 1948 Rain sheeted off the windows of the cozy little diner, the bell over the door jingling every now and then as a patron would arrive or leave, shaking