Harry Potter and the Heritage of the Snake The First Day Mr. Dursley's day was absolutely strange. The strange thing wasn't that it was his first day at work after his return, or that not a single one of these madmen on motorbikes raced past him on his way to work, or that the doughnuts at the café were for the first time tasty. The strangest thing also wasn't that his assistant had actually been on time, no, the strangest thing was that nobody, not a single colleague, seemd to have noticed his absence. And that was indeed strange, for he was the boss . Nevertheless no one, not one of his co-workers at Grunnings, seemed to have realized that he had vanised for nearly half a year. The company still stood where it had been before, the vans with the new drills still left on time and the workers looked exactly as tired and nerved as always when he parked his car in front of the main building at nine o'clock. Nobody cared for him more than usual. And when Mr. Dursley sat in his office, which also hadn't changed since his departure in last July (apart from the calender, which showed today's date) and checked the books, he couldn't find any irregularities. Moreover, the company seemed to be in excellent condition, in better condition (said a small, soft voice in the back of his head) than it would be if he had come to work last year, although nobody had been hired to do his work in his stead. Even his salary had still been payed. Mr. Dursley wasn't a stupid man. Neither was he naive. Definitely, very definitely, this was because of this lot . Nearly a year he'd had to live under the same roof with that lilac-top hatted lunatic and the fat one with the shrieking voice, had only recently escaped their company (if you would call it company!), only to realize on his return that they had meddled in his business. Usually, that shouln't have been a surprise, because he knew how impudent this lot were, of course. Hadn't they given his son a pig's tail, blown up his sister and ruined his newly furnished living room? Why should did these people care about not having a right to meddle with the business of a well-doing family company which formed the spine of the British economy? Why should these people care about the school year which his son had to repeat now (although, as the small, soft voice in the back of his head said tentatively, Dudley's marks had pressed that anyways?)? Much more than the lost school term, Mr. Dursley was infuriated with the fact that Dudder's boxing career had been serverely damaged because of one year of missed trainings and fights. And they didn't only meddle with his and his family's lives, he thought while looking out of his window inside his office in the break (he had left the cafeteria nervously, after everybody had only treated him with the usual mix of fear and bootlicking) and watching dozens of owls flying through town. It was precisely like seventeen years ago, when that whole nonsense had started. Mr. Dursley took a sip of tea and blinked grumpily. Yes, precisely like seventeen years ago, when that Lord Waldimord had vanished for the first time. This time he was gone forever, the lilac lunatic had squealed when he had brought them home, before vanishing with a loud crack that had made the inquisitive neighbour from Number Six stretch her enormous neck over the hedge to see what was going on. But Mr. Dursley was not a stupid man. Neither was he naive. He would have wagered his mustache (if he did wager, which he'd never do as decent people would never do that) on the fact that this nonsense wasn't over yet. He finished his cup of tea and placed it on the edge of his desk, then he bellowed over to his assistant to make her remove the cup and that he wished to be undisturbed. He even considered to call home, but then decided against it. It was unnecessary to make Petunia more uneasy, she had not taken the whole affair as good as he had. That's just how women are, Mr. Dursley thought while hammering on the desk whith his knuckles, they didn't see things as clearly as men did. He went back to work, but loosened his tie before, because it was a very hot day. It had become increasingly hot in the last week, since this Die-mentors which had nearly killed his son three years ago had disappeared. Those idiots on the radio made climate change responsible for it, but Mr. Dursley had always known that this was just another of this greeny-lunatics. Maybe they should move, he thought while checking the sketches for a new drill and scratching his nose. Maybe they should sell the house, at the recent economocical climate this would be a good idea. Maybe they should make a fresh start somewhere else, where this lot wouldn't find them (It doesn't matter, the small soft voice in the back of his head said, you've tried to run away from them before, and what was the result?). At least they were rid of the boy. Mr. Dursley had no idea what had become of him, the only thing that mattered was that he was gone for good. And if he remained gone for good, maybe this lot would leave him and his family alone for good. No, what had he been thinking? Sell the house? The house, their house, to which they had returned only recently? The home where they could now finally live in peace without the danger that some abnormities appeared on the doorstep? He snorted. At least he would now be able to invite his business partners without having to fear that the weirdo threw them and their wives cake in the necks. While thinking about that episode, he grabbed his pencil so hard that it cracked in the middle. He snorted furiously and threw it through the office inside the bin. No, never again flying cakes, loose giant snakes and blown-up family members (thank God Martha didn't remember that!). He spent the remainder of the afternoon with yelling at two suppliers, three colleagues and one agent, then he left his office at five p.m., now in a better mood. While walking to his car, he looked around nervously, but unlike seventeen years ago, no strange-clothed people were to be seen. On the drive home he drove extremely careful, for since his car had disappeared into nothing and turned up again a moment later in the Midlands with that lunatics inside it, he didn't trust it like he had before. But it brought him home safely, where his formerly perfectly cultivated garden was still growing exuberantly. That was typical for this lot , Mr. Dursley thought while looking for his door keys. Grabbing honest and law-abiding citizens into the blue just like that and then bringing them back the same way, doing strange things with other people so that they didn't notice their absence, and then forgetting to tend to the mow the lawn. What the people might think! But what better to expect from somebody who didn't even own a driver's license ..- in front of his door sat a tabby cat and licked its paw. Mr. Weasley stopped dead in his tracks, next to the still open car door, with his black briefcase in the left hand and the other one on the car door. His heart fell into his boots. This just couldn't be happening. No, no, really, that really was unfair . The whole affair should have been over, done for good, oh dear, what now? He didn't know how long he remained there unmoving, with half-open mouth and racing heart, but at some point he realized that the giraffe-gaffer from Number Six pressed her nose against her kitchen window and watched him. He took a deep breath, slammed the car door shut, blew himself up to his whole size, and then marched upon the tabby cat. ''Clear away'', he pressed through his teeth without opening his mouth properly so that the neighbours couldn't see that he was actually talking to a cat . His interlocutor, however, didn't stop licking her right front paw. ''Shhhh!', he hissed and suddenly the cat jumped and vanished through the hedge. Mr. Dursley squealed desperately, forced the key into the front door, turned it around and slammed the door shut behind him. Inside, he leaned against it, sweating, as if he feared that the cat might hammer it down from outside. Stay calm, stay calm, he told himself when nothing of that sort happened. It was just a normal cat. He counted up to a hundred in his head, then he opened his eyes. Everything was peaceful and quiet, the corridor was as clean as ever, the floor carpet was freshly purified and from the living room he could hear the TV and Dudley's voice. Mr. Dursley cleaned his shoes, then he put his suit at the wardrobe. ''Petunia, Darling, I'm home!'' I'll take care of the lawn tomorrow, he thought weakly while taking off his tie. It's too hot for that now, and I have to drink something. Urgently. So he went to the kitchen and emptied a glass of Gin in one drop. Mr. Dursley took a deep breath again. It's over, he told himself, while he nervously ripped single hairs from his beard, you have to calm down. It's over. That was just a normal cat, that whole story lies behind us. He went over to the living room to sit down in his favourite armchair next to Petunia and Dudley, but someone was already sitting there. The boy. Leaving Privet Drive Uncle Vernons face switched from white to red and back like a redlight. ''You'', he said, ''what are you doing here?'' - ''Talk. Sit down'', Harry said and nodded over to Aunt Petunia and Dudley, who had sat motionless on the couch since his arrival ten minutes ago. He had expected that Uncle Vernon was with them, because a usual day of Vernon Dursley's life went exactly the same way: entering the house at quarter past five, sitting in front of the TV two minutes later, eagerly waiting for the ham and eggs which his wife would bring him at 5:20 so that he could eat it while watching the evening news at half past five. But for some reason, his uncle was late today and so Harry had had to spend ten awkward silent minutes with his aunt and cousin in the living room. Once or twice, Dudley opened his mouth as if he was about to say something, but every time, he decided against it. ''You don't tell me what to do in my own house, boy'', Uncle Vernon hissed, who had obviously managed to deal with the shock of having Harry back in his house. They stared at each other for a moment, then Uncle Vernon sat down next to his wife and son very slowly - and jumped back on his feet very fast. ''What's this thing doing here again?'' Only now he seemed to have noticed Kreacher sitting on the floor next to Harry's armchair. ''He's here with me'', Harry said, rather nerved. There was no reason for Uncle Vernon to complain about Kreacher's behaviour, Harry thought. There was also no reason for Aunt Petunia to send Kreacher disgusted and fearful look's every two seconds, he thought. Sure, on his last visit in Number Four, Privet Drive, Kreacher hadn't managed to leave a good impression, for he had drooled the new carpet on the floor (whose predecessor had not survived the Weasley's visit in the living room) and screamed loud enough to be heard back in Brighton, but this time there was nothing