Author's Note: Here it is: the long-awaited posting of Law-Abiding Citizen, something that both you and I have been waiting forever to post! I'm very proud of this fic – even more proud than I was of TCM, if that's even possible. I hope you all enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. Rating subject to change. Disclaimer : I do not own Twilight. If I did, the focus would have been on the werewolves, Bella wouldn't be a main character, and I would have expanded more on imprinting – A LOT MORE. IMPORTANT WARNING: This story deals with sensitive topics that are much more emotional than those in my other stories. Warnings will be given at the beginning of each chapter to let the reader know what sensitive topics will be implied/talked about. Chapter 1: " Cinderella never asked for a prince. She asked for a night off and a dress." – Kiera Cass Deep down, I believe that every single person on the earth – at some point in their life, no matter the age, gender, race, or religion – reaches a moment where they are forced to look back on all of their past actions and realize that there is nothing left for them to think except, "Boy did I really screw up this time." On the dimly lit highway that led to our new home in what was obviously the middle of nowhere, I realized that 'screwing up' wasn't entirely accurate in covering the entirety of the deep shithole that I had unintentionally dug myself into over the past few months. I know what you're thinking. "Gee, Audrey, life really isn't so bad when you think about it! There are so many things to look forward to in life! I mean, you have Broadway musicals, fantastic Italian food, butterflies, bonfires, hot chocolate and fireplaces, Christmas and hot celebrities – all of these things are just a few of the many experiences that make life wonderful! And if things are truly bad now, you know that they can always get better. It's always darkest before the dawn!" Do you know what I say to that? It's bullshit. Tugging thoughtfully on the brass key dangling on the chain around my neck, distractedly attempting to find the correct turnoff in such a dimly lit place, I wondered what I had to do in life for fate to so harshly turn up its middle finger at me. Because that had to be what was happening; I honestly couldn't think of a better explanation as to why my life went from great to awful in a matter of days. But maybe part of it was my fault; after all, the decisions that I made were my own. My career was something that I had chosen for myself and, as always, no choice could come without consequences. As the headlights of the truck lit up a rather worn sign reading, "Welcome to Forks!" I had to force myself to resist the overly strong urge to make an illegal U-Turn in the middle of the highway and head straight back to the life that I had unwillingly abandoned, consequences be damned. The churning in my stomach was too hard to ignore, an endless pain that kept reminding me of my mistakes and that I definitely couldn't go back, not if I wanted to risk yet another disaster happening to the two people I cared about most in the world. I did my best to keep my mind off of the annoying itch in the back of my skull, pointedly keeping my gaze away from the glare that I could feel burning a hole in the side of my head. Reaching blindly in between the seats to the drink-holder, I pulled out my thermos and sipped at the cold coffee, frowning as the clock on the dashboard clicked to 1:00 AM. I struggled to stifle a yawn. All I wanted at that moment was to crawl into a warm bed and get some well-needed shuteye, but it was beginning to seem as though sleep of any kind was nothing but a distant fantasy. I didn't complain, though – I may have done a little griping about how my life turned on its head, but I absolutely refused to complain. After all, my situation was no one's fault but my own. Plus, the seventeen-year-old teenager reclining lazily in the passenger seat with his feet up on the dashboard, glaring daggers at the world, did enough complaining to last both of us a lifetime. As if sensing the direction of my thoughts, Isaac gave a heaving and completely unnecessary over-exaggerated sigh, and slunk down further in his seat, playing with a stray piece of leather that threatened to come loose from the upholstery. "I already know what you're thinking and I am so not in the mood, so please don't say it," I warned, not even bothering to spare a glance in his direction. He was in one of those moods that came with being a teenager – when he would pick a fight with anything that moved – so it was best to put any of his sarcastic comments to rest before they even exited his mouth. "For the love of God, don't say it." "I wasn't going to say anything," he replied innocently. Innocent, my ass. A retort was on the tip of my tongue but I held it back, chewing on my lip as the truck rolled to a halt at a stop sign. A slight drizzle fell from the sky, covering the windows in little drops as my eyes flickered over to him and then back to the road; it felt as though the sky could tell what mood I was in at that particular moment – gloomy, depressed, and frustrated. His sudden change of tone surprised me when he spoke again, sounding both pained and emotionally drained. His voice was soft, as though he were only speaking to himself. "I can't believe that this actually happened to us." The corners of my lips turned downward into a frown. "You never think that something like this will happen until it does. The kind of thing that you think happens only in TV shows or bad cop movies," I replied. "One in a million chance, kind of thing." A low mumble and a yawn came from the backseat, and Isaac and I fell silent. I glanced in the rearview mirror – Lucas was still fast asleep, as he had been for the past four hours. The silence continued for several miles, neither of us wanting to break the quiet and put a bit of tense conversation into the air, lest we risk waking up the sleeping child in the backseat. Finally, after driving around aimlessly through our search for our destination and subsequently coming up empty, I sighed and pulled over to the side of the road. My phone rang twice before being picked up, the voice on the other end of the line sounding amused. "You're late," the voice accused immediately. "We're lost," I blandly responded, glancing over to the open map that rested in Isaac's lap. "It isn't my fault that this stupid place has to be in the middle of nowhere; God knows I'm not going to be able to find anything in this damn town." "Do you know where you are right now?" the voice questioned. "Any defining markers or street names that stick out to you?" I looked around, barely able to see a few feet in front of me with the darkness and fog. "Well there are some trees," I sarcastically replied, pushing a bit of hair back from my face. "And there's a streetlight a little further down the road. Honestly, Mona, if we were in a place that was a little more urban then I would be able to use my phone to find exactly where I needed to go, but I was lucky that I even got enough of a signal to call you." There was a harsh huff of frustration on the other end of the line, and I knew that I had struck a nerve. The location of our new home had been a sore spot for everyone the last few days. "Just keep going down the highway until you reach a street sign labeled 'Mosley Lane.' That's where you have to turn; there's a dirt path that will lead you straight through the trees and all the way to the house." I pursed my lips and pulled out onto the highway once more. Driving down the road at what could surely have gotten me an expensive ticket if I was caught, I told her, "Okay, whatever. I'll keep going down the road and see if I can find it – keep your phone on, though. You know I'm terrible with directions." The phone let out a single beep as the call ended, and I tossed the device in my lap so I could rub at my eyes. This seemed to be growing more and more impossible; the gravity of the situation finally settled into my stomach like a boulder, as though I had been running on pure adrenaline for months until that moment. Weariness settled over me like a pungent cloud, heavy and unwavering. Then to what seemed like a complete and utter miracle in dark times, a small sign came into view on the side of the highway. It read 'Mosley Lane.' Oh, thank God, I thought to myself with complete relief as I gently put my foot on the brake to slow down the truck. I don't think I could stand another hour of this. I took a right turn off of the highway and down onto a partially invisible path through the trees that I would have completely missed if I had not been actively searching for it. I winced when the truck bounced harshly against the uneven road, threatening to wake Luke from his slumber. As I was pondering how suspicious it would be to trade this old gas-guzzling Chevy for something better suited to my own tastes – like the Bentley I had begrudgingly given up for this rust bucket – a form covered in darkness and shadow appeared through the fog. I followed the path with ease, weaving down the winding road and hoping against hope that the giant approaching form in the distance was our destination and not just some hallucination caused from sleep deprivation. Luckily it was the latter. The trees tapered off and opened into a nearly empty clearing as a house came into view, the white walls covered in a thin layer of dirt while vines trailed up the shutters and wrapped themselves around the beams holding up the porch. It was much bigger than the pictures had made it seem, and I vaguely wondered how Isaac and I would be able to handle the upkeep by ourselves. After all, the apartment in D.C., no matter how nice and extravagant, could never have prepared me for taking care of an actual house. Hell, I hadn't even lived in a house in years – since I was a teenager and before everything had turned completely on its head. A lone, nondescript black car was parked in the gravel driveway, as though it had been waiting there for ages. It's driver, a young dark-skinned woman, sat patiently on the porch, swinging back and forth on an old swing as she waited expectantly for us to approach. I didn't immediately get out of the car; turning toward Isaac, I stated, "if you have any stupid comments to say, now would be the time to get them into the open. Once we step out of this vehicle, you and I are going to have to work as a team; I'm not going to put up with any bullshit from this point on, okay?" Isaac simply gave me a blank stare, not even