I told myself that I would never ever ever EVER EVER write a Twilight fic, but here I am with what is probably one of the greatest stories I've ever written. What to Know Before Reading: 1. This story is canon through Breaking Dawn and takes place a year after, which means I'm putting it in late 2009/early 2010. (I'm going by the publication date in '08 as the year BD took place.) 2. Seth is 17 in this story, as is the OC, Annie. 3. This story is Werewolf-centric. I'm not a big fan of Bella or the Cullens, though they will eventually be making a small appearance in this story from time to time because Seth is close with them. 4. This story is written in a section/drabble form (each chapter is made up of different sections/drabbles.) Whenever you see the words 'I,' 'me,' or 'my,' that refers to the OC, Annie. Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight novels, or any of Stephanie Meyer's characters. Anything you recognize is probably not mine, while anything you don't (including the plot for this story), belongs to me. Chapter 1: " Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone – we find it with another." – Thomas Merton, Love and Living To Seth Clearwater, 'imprinting' had always been an optimistic term. Imprinting was a spectacular sight to behold – an event that he had admired and always looked forward to experiencing for himself. To find someone you could spend the rest of your life with; someone who you could relate to, care for, and love more than life itself seemed to be the key to happiness. He envied most of the guys for it, though he would never confess that out loud - Sam with Emily, Jared and Kim, Paul and Rachel, Quil with little Claire, and even Jacob with his half-vampire infant imprint. To have that kind of connection with someone – to find the other half of your soul – was something that he had only dreamed about. It seemed like… Well, it seemed like a fairytale. He knew there were downsides, though. He thought about the bad things that resulted from imprinting every time he glanced at Emily's scars; he saw it every time he caught his sister giving these long and painful looks to Sam when she thought that no one was looking. Seth knew there was pain; he knew that all of the imprints had to go through some sort of obstacle before getting their own 'Happily Ever After's,' but despite these downsides he could not find it in himself to control his anticipation. His mother had always called him a hopeless romantic, and she had been right. He wanted to find his true love, his soul mate; he would give anything to have a family of his own. It was all he ever really wanted. Even seeing that elated bliss inside the heads of the other imprinted guys made him crave that kind of connection even more. If the feeling was so grand just by seeing it in someone else's head, then it must have been pretty fantastic to feel it for yourself. With this craving in mind, Seth found himself actively searching for her wherever he went: the beach, school, the grocery store… no one was safe from his wandering eye. There were many girls that had shown interest in him, of course – some gave their shy smiles with their twinkling eyes in the hopes that he would approach them, while some of the braver ones would take matters into their own hands and attempt to start a conversation with him. But none of them had ever been 'The One.' Of course, he wasn't the only one without an imprint. Collin and Brady seemed fine without it, happy that they didn't have to be tied down while they were still so young. When confronted with Seth's questions, Embry said that he was indifferent about the imprint. He was not going out and making lasting relationships, but was not actively searching for his imprint either. He was completely content with being single for the time being. And as for Leah… Well, Leah was a whole different story altogether. By his own observations, he seemed to be the only un-imprinted guy who wanted to find his soul mate. Embry was happy with the company of just his friends, Collin and Brady had satisfied themselves with one-night stands, and Leah seemed to be fully content with being alone and using her rage and self-pity to make herself into a better wolf. And as always, Seth was alone. Eventually, after becoming tired, angry, and frustrated with the fact that the Spirit's seemed to be purposely keeping his soul mate from him, Seth stopped looking. But then again, maybe that was a good thing. After all, love usually finds us whenever we aren't actively searching for it. International Blvd., Seattle, Washington: The flight from the Louis Armstrong International Airport to the Seattle-Tacoma Airport took a little over six hours. It was not long by normal standards, but it seemed to go on for ages. Sitting in between my elder brother, Eli, and my younger sister, Charlotte, I was kept awake during the entire trip despite the fact that all I wanted to do was give in to my exhaustion and fall asleep. I couldn't, however. It was tough to fall asleep when on one side I had my brother sending me endlessly worried glances every other minute, and on the other, my sister had sprawled across both her own seat and mine in an attempt to take a nap. Obviously it had worked, because she had fallen asleep twenty minutes into the flight and had not woken up since. It wasn't until the plane had landed and the passenger's started to gather their luggage from the overhead compartment that I finally spoke up against my brother's constant staring. "Would you stop worrying, Eli?" I commanded, "You look like you're about to give yourself an ulcer. Chill out." Eli just glared. "Can you blame me for worrying? I wanted to drive here. You know Dr. Sanson said that he didn't recommend flying in your condition." I scowled; the mention of my former oncologist back home in Louisiana was enough to make me cringe. "Announce it to the world, would you?" I suggested sarcastically, crossing my arms over my chest as he reached up to grab our luggage. "Besides, Dr. Sanson is a crackpot and the drive here would have taken two and half days. Honestly, that would have done more harm than the plane." It was obvious that Eli was not in the mood to argue – he never was, these days. Instead, he turned to our sister, "Charlotte, wake up." Charlotte, who was already slowly forcing herself awake at the sounds of commotion that were taking place throughout the plane, yawned. "Are we there yet?" she mumbled curiously, stretching her arms into the air. "Yep," I responded, forcing a smile onto my face. "We still have a little drive to make before we reach our new house, though." "What's the name of our new town again?" "Forks." Charlotte wrinkled her nose. "I miss my friends," she commented suddenly, tugging the belt loop on my baggy jeans. "I miss the Quarter and the food and the streetcars. Do they have streetcars here?" Eli was the one who answered. "We know how to make all the dishes from back home, and I don't think they have streetcars –" "And if they do, they're not like the ones back home," I muttered. "Annie," he warned, sending me a glare before turning back to Charlotte. "Besides, you'll make lots of new friends when school starts. Both of you will," he said, sending me a pointed look. I scoffed, and resisted the urge to say how much I doubted his words. Charlotte just frowned. "It's not the same. I don't want to make new friends, I want my old friends back." "This is going to be good for all three of us," Eli stated assuredly. "Annie's new doctor is here, and the fresh air will help her stay healthy. Don't you want that?" "Don't say things like that," I burst in, slightly angry. "You can't ask her those types of questions. She doesn't have to feel guilty for wanting her home back." Charlotte looked down at her feet, knowing that another fight was clearly brewing. "I don't want Annie to be sick. I just want my friends, too." "We all have to make sacrifices. All of us." He gave us a stern look. "This is our home now, so you might as well grin and bear it." I frowned, pulling my warm knit cap down so that it covered my head to my ears. This overprotectiveness thing he has going on is getting completely out of hand, I thought to myself, following as we slowly trickled down through the rows of seats to reach the next section of the airport. Eli gestured to several rows of seats lining the walls. "I'll go and get the rest of the luggage. Why don't you go and sit down? I know you're probably tired." I was tired. Honestly, with a combination of the jetlag and the ever-present weariness that accompanied me on a daily basis, I was absolutely exhausted. But I refused to show it. "I'm fine," I responded, not wanting to give him another reason to worry about me. "I've been sitting all day." "Annie," he ordered, "sit." Not in the mood for arguing, I did as I was told. I didn't particularly blame Eli for his protectiveness or stern attitude, despite the fact that it aggravated me to no end. I understood his concern; he was only worried. Anyone would be. "Sissy, are you okay?" Charlotte asked, her tone conversational. She took a seat next to me, her short legs hovering over the ground. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes at Charlotte's observation; Eli's worrisome attitude must have been rubbing off on her. "I'm fine, sweetie," she answered. "I just really want to go back home." "Me too," sighed Charlotte. "How long are we staying in Spoons?" "Forks," I corrected, amused. "That would be Forks, not Spoons." "How long are we staying?" she repeated, ignoring my correction. We watched as Eli struggled to pull several large suitcases off of the conveyer belt. "Indefinitely, I suppose." Charlotte fiddled with the strap of her carryon bag before staring straight at the far wall determinedly, as if she could burn a hole in it with just her gaze. "Oh." I felt a surge of pity flow through my body. Charlotte was just eight years old; being that age was supposed to be all about fun and new experiences without the added stress and tragedy that she had already experienced. I reached out and hugged her, kissing the top of her head in an attempt to be comforting. "It'll be okay, sweetie. Who knows, it might end up being fun; like an adventure! There's lots of trees and hiking paths to explore in the woods, and there's apparently a really nice beach on the reservation there." "But you won't be able to do all that stuff with us," Charlotte shot back, her eyes glassy with unshed tears. My smile turned into a grimace. "I'll be able to do some stuff. I can go to the beach and make sandcastles with you, and swim in the ocean. I can go hiking, too…" Even as the words slipped out of my mouth, I knew that they weren't exactly true. With my basically destroyed immune system, I was a lot more prone toward getting infections and would have to be careful about going in the water at the beach. Hiking would be safer, but it would take a lot of time; I would get tired easily, and I highly doubted