"Mom! Stop hurting Percy!" A snarling middle-aged woman stood over a cowering boy merely eight years old. The boy who yelled was no older than seven and behind him stood a girl the same age as he. "And what are you gonna d… do bout it little… little boyyy?" The slurred speech and staggering steps made it obvious to even the little kids she was drunk. "Ever since… since your bastard daddy left… left me I've been so sad." At this she broke down in tears, giving the older boy time to scramble away and stand in front of his siblings protectively. "And you," she pointed a gnarled finger at the older boy, "your father said he loved me! He told me he would make me a queen and never leave… now look! Does this look like a fucking palace to you?! Does it!" She got up and started skipping in circles. "I'm a pretty princess, I'm a pretty princess, I'm a pretty princess." She stopped abruptly when she stubbed her toe on a table, but instead of yelling she just stared down at the bleeding appendage. "Look what you did Percy! I told you to… I actually never did tell you anything about stubbing my toe but you should've known to stop me from doing it!" She stomped over to him and picked up a vase along the way. The boy stood unwavering in front of his little siblings, but you could clearly see the fear in his eyes. "I should've killed you a long time ago you little…" The world flashed white for several second as soon as Percy was about to be struck, and when it cleared Percy and his siblings were standing outside the apartment next to a young man in his late twenties. The children didn't get a look at him because he vanished right when they arrived, leaving behind a note in Percy's lap. He opened it promptly and stared at the words inside. "Read it out loud Percy! I wanna know what it says!" The little girl danced excitedly around Percy while her other boy tried to hold her back. "Stop it Thalia! Give him some time to read it." As Percy nodded distractedly Thalia plopped down on the ground and pouted. "Your such a part pooper Jason." Jason stuck his tongue out at her and soon the blonde twins were rolling on the ground while Percy continued trying to decipher the letter. The writing was neat and tidy, almost as if done by a printer, but Percy wasn't educated at all since his mother spent all of their money on beer and drugs. It got to the point Percy had to go out on the street and beg for money to feed his siblings. "Knock it off you two!" The twins were settled and muttering an apology almost immediately after he finished. "The letter says "Son: I know I was never there for you when you were younger and I truly regret it. My brother would not let me come but that's no excuse. I know you feel a tugging in your gut and I want you to follow it. You'll find a bag at the end of the road with supplies in it, I'll send more instructions when necessary." Percy stopped and looked at his confused siblings. "I don't feel anything," commented Thalia, "Do you Jase?" Jason shook his head and poked his stomach. "Nope." Percy shook his head bemusedly and started walking down the street. Forcing his siblings to catch up or be left behind. "Wait for us Percy!" As they were walking Percy caught a reflection of himself in a shop window and stopped to stare. They were no mirrors close enough to the ground in their apartment for Percy or his siblings to see themselves in so he had no idea what he looked like until then. His hair was jet-black and mostly short. He tried to keep it as short as possible so his mom couldn't grab it, but all he had to cut it was broken beer bottles. Even with it being short it still jutted out at random spots untamably. His skin was tan, despite hardly ever seeing the sun, and his teeth were white as could be, which surprised him as he hadn't ever brushed them, but considering he had just vanished from his mother's living room and reappeared on the street below he decided the fact his teeth were white wasn't really important. Then he focused on his eyes. They were a bright green and almost appeared to glow in the dark night around him. Overall he didn't think he looked bad. Maybe a little skinny, but that was to be expected. His siblings walked up and their reflection appeared in the mirror as well. They looked identical if not for Thalia's more feminine build. Their hair was short and choppy but remained flat and a little longer than Percy's. Their skin was pale, but not extremely so, and they were a little thicker than Percy since he gave most of the food he managed to buy to them. Their eyes were a bright blue as if they were sparkling with electricity; something their mom openly envied them for. "Ok, that's enough staring kids. You're blocking the whole walkway." They all turned to look at the man who spoke to them, whose eyes widened in shock upon getting a good look at them. "Where are your parents kiddos? I need to take you back to them." Jason and Thalia started shaking their heads rapidly while Percy slowly shook his. "Please don't. Our mommy beats me constantly and we don't have a dad." A bit of a lie, since Percy just got a letter from his dad, but he didn't know for sure if that was his real dad. The man looked at Percy skeptically until Percy took a step forward into the street lamp's light. The man took a step back when he saw the blood covering the boy's shirt, but there were no scars or marks on him. "How about I bring you into my shop and give you some of the leftovers from today?" The man opened the door to the shop whose window they had been staring at and they were immediately met with the delicious smell of food. Percy went in first after the man and made sure to stay in between him and his siblings. "So where do you plan to go now?" He pointed at a table and the children sat down quickly, obviously wanting the meal they had been promised. "We have family nearby we plan to go to." Another lie, but Percy couldn't let them be taken to the cops or even worse, returned to his mother. The man nodded as he went into a back room to, presumably, get food. "You need me to take you there? I have a free schedule for the rest of the night." Percy quickly shook his head even thought the man couldn't see it. "No, it's not far from here at all. We'll be fine getting there." The man came out with tray full of food and nodded. "Ok, but if you run into trouble just come back here, or if you need more food." He set the tray down and the twins immediately started arguing over who got what, while Percy waited patiently for them to get their fill before grabbing the reaming burger and a few fries. "You want me to bring you more? It looks like your brother and sister got most of it." Percy looked up at the smirking man causing Percy to smile. "No sir, but we do need to leave. I don't know if our mom is even going to bother looking for us but she may be close behind." The man nodded understandingly before letting them get up and leave. "Just remember," the kids turned around and looked at the smiling man, "I'm here if you need help." Percy thanked the man before he and his sibling ducked out of the building and took off down the street. They weren't eager to leave the safety of the man's restaurant, but Percy urged his siblings on, insisting their mother could be trying to find them. "Percy, where are we going?" Percy seemingly ignored Thalia and instead kept glancing anxiously side-to-side until they finally reached the intersection at the end of the road. "Where is it? He said it would be here," Percy mumbled to himself. As he was searching for the bag his father said would be there Jason saw a bright flash of light in an ally nearby and frantically started tugging on Percy's arm. "Percy! Percy! That ally just flashed really bright!" Percy spun around and grabbed his sister by the hand while Jason led them over the ally. Sure enough, not even ten feet in, there were three bags. The biggest was black with sea green mixed in at random spots while the two smaller ones were black and blue. Percy scooped up the biggest one and slipped it on, tightening it so it wouldn't move if he needed to run, before helping his siblings put on theirs. He then cautiously peeked out of the ally and checked to see if their mother was anywhere nearby, and when he deemed it safe he quickly drug his siblings out and took off down the street with them in tow. "Where are we going Percy?" This time Percy acknowledged Thalia with a curt shrug of his shoulders. "Wherever we're needed Thals… Wherever we're needed." -LB- Percy whimpered in pain as another swipe from the massive hellhound connected with his face, which sent him flying back next to his brother and unconscious sister. He quickly stood up and faced the hellhound, who was slowly approaching. "Percy!" Percy looked over at his brother and saw tears streaming down his face, the sight of his brother in so much pain was simply too much to bare. "Stay strong Jason. I need you to protect Thals for me." With that Percy pushed his brother away and turned back to the hellhound before him. "Run Jason, and remember I love you." Jason stared at Percy in awe as he fended off the giant hellhound with nothing but his bare hands before he turned and started running away, and unconscious Thalia in his arms. Percy, once his brother was a safe distance away, collapsed onto the ground while the hellhound slowly advanced. "So this is how it ends." The hellhound stopped and tilted its head to the side as if confused. "I thought I would at least be killed by a powerful monster. Not some weak hellhound who happened to catch me off guard and exhausted." The hellhound let out a ferocious growl and lunged at him. "A pretty stupid hellhound to." At the last second he shoved a stick up into the maw of the descending hellhound, and watched as it slowly disintegrated into dust. He got up panting and looked down at his spoils, which just consisted of a black hoodie that he picked up and inspected. The inside was made out of hellhound fur while the outside was like any other mortal hoodie except for the red hellhound head symbol on the front that he doubted any mortal company made. He quickly slipped on the hoodie and turned to look for his siblings. "Jason! Thalia!" Percy complexion turned pallid as he started rapidly searching for his only family. "Their gone." Percy rolled to the side and picked up a decent sized stick in the process while simultaneously facing the speaker, only to find a seemingly harmless man if not for the powerful aura he was emitting. He was dressed in a Hawaiian shirt with flower a flower print swim suit to match. His skin was tan and he had the same unruly hair as Percy's accept a little shorter. The part that gave it