pThis is my first ever fic so please be at least kinda gentle? There is a lot of cannon but since it's a Bellamione fic, there will obvs be a lot of non cannon too. This will be a several part story with each part consisting of 5-8 chapters with a possible end goal of maybe 35-40 chapters and unless life seriously screws with me, I will be updating once a week on Wednesdays. Ok so slow build up cause I have to build a good history and background but I will try to make the ride as enjoyable as possible, hopefully y'all stick with me. R and R please! Also, I own nothing but my original characters of which there are a few. P.s. I currently have no beta so excuse my sucky punctuation. CHAPTER ONE: Our story begins at the Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1926 as two young witches walk down a long corridor inside the famous school. Though they try to keep to themselves and to keep their voices down, anyone that passes can tell that they are arguing. "Minnie, you need to calm down, it's just a headache. I promise I'm fine." The other girl's green eyes flash and grits her teeth, "Sybil, first of all you know that I hate that nickname and secondly, a pain that lasts more than a month is not just a headache and you need to go see Madam Pomfrey!" The shorter and frizzier haired girl sighed in exasperation "Fine Minnie, I'll go see her after dinner, will that satisfy you?" Minerva rolls her eyes "Yes Sybil, that's all I was asking you to do in the first place but now that you've made a decision, we need to hurry or we will be late for our last class before dinner and if that happens I'll be late to my Head meeting after dinner." Having reached a satisfactory conclusion, both girls started back down the hallway with a hurried gait trying to make it to class on time. Minerva was making her way to breakfast the next morning, nose stuck in a book about transfiguration when she collided with a stocky student dressed in green and silver. Watch where you're going, I was walking here you oaf! The boy said as he brushed imaginary dirt off of his already spotless robe. Minerva cleared her throat and waited until the boy looked up to speak. "Slughorn, this was clearly my fault so I apologize for that but if you don't do the same for being rude to a Head Girl, I'll take points. He looked at her and paled, "I'm sorry Min-um, McGonagall that is." She rolls her eyes and sighs, "It's alright Horace, just hurry up and get to breakfast before I change my mind about the points." He nods and scurries off towards the Great Hall. Minerva picked up her own pace as she made her way to the Great Hall herself. She walked in to the usual noise and rowdiness that meals brought (generally due to the third and fourth years who thought a bit too highly of themselves most of the time) and went to sit down when she glanced over to the spot at the Ravenclaw table where Sybil would always sit only to find it curiously empty. She looked around the hall and didn't see her friend anywhere near her table or any of the others. She got up and went to talk to the Ravenclaw Prefect to see if she knew anything about where her friend might be. As she walked up she saw that Crissa was showing some of the older girls some pictures. Hi Crissa, what's that? Oh hey Minerva! These are just pictures of my sister Della who got married last year to some ministry bloke named Lake. She just had a baby a couple of weeks ago and they named it Pandora, isn't she cute? The more serious, green eyed girl raised her eyebrow and said drily, "She's adorable Crissa but I've got something rather important to ask you. I'm a bit worried about Sybil, have you seen her this morning?" Crissa looked at Minerva with wide eyes, "Oh no, as a matter of fact, I don't think I've seen her since last night after dinner." "Alright, thanks anyway Cris." Minerva hurriedly left the Great Hall with a concerned expression on her face. She walked up to the Ravenclaw common room only to find it empty, the same with the dormitory, the library, the gardens and the divination classroom. Her concern and fear rises with each place she finds empty and she pauses in one of the halls to think about where to go next when her eyes light up, "The room of requirement!" With that thought she turns and races up a flight of stairs in the direction of where she is almost positive that her friend is. She runs through the door and stops dead in the middle of a room filled with piles of old dust covered items wondering to herself how is she ever going to find Sybil in all of this mess. Minerva starts winding her way through the junk when she hears a small noise, she stops hoping to hear it again so she can try and find the source. She hears it again, clearer this time, a soft sobbing coming from somewhere to her left; she turns and makes her way to that side of the room and when she comes around the corner of a particularly large and dingy looking cabinet she sees her friend huddled on the floor quietly sobbing. Minerva gets down on her knees and puts her hand on Sybil's shoulder. "Sybil, what's wrong? Why are you in here of all places?" In between sobs, Sybil manages to choke some coherent words past the tears. "Minnie, theres just too much in my head and it hurts so much. The pain and all of the images just won't stop." "What images Syb, what's going on? Talk to me poppet, tell me what's wrong." "There's just so many colors and people, theres violence that I can't make any sense of and oh god, there's so much darkness; what do I do with this Minnie?" Minerva reaches to embrace her friend but as she does, Sybil bolts upright and races from the room, knocking her friend over and leaving a bewildered Minerva sitting on the dusty ground. She quickly shakes off her confusion and runs after her friend. She manages to follow Sybil as she makes her way to the forbidden forest but Minerva loses her shortly after they enter the forest leaving her to try and find her friend before something happened to her. Sybil ran through the forest, branches and undergrowth slapping and stinging her face, arms, and legs but the pain in her head was so great that she didn't feel any of it. She didn't know where she as going, only that she needed to run as far and as fast as she could, something in her was pushing her deeper into the forest than she had ever been before. As she ran, the pain started to get so bad that her vision started getting blurry and her feet started catching on small branches and roots. Even as she tried to watch her path, she tripped over a large tree root, the impact of her fall jarring her head and making her black out. When she came to, she noticed that she wasn't alone. She couldn't tell what or who it was, only that it was dark and very large. After a few mins of silence, the shape spoke, startling Sybil, making her scrabble backwards in an attempt to get away from whoever it was that was speaking to her. She went backwards until she ran into a tree, the light bump making her realize that though it still hurt, the pain in her head wasn't nearly crippling as it had been before. The voice sounded impossibly deep and it had a strange lilt to it that Sybil had never heard before. "Don't be afraid child, I mean you no harm. I know you are still in pain but I can help you." What do you mean, help me? Who are you? "Who I am hardly matters, what you need to concern yourself with is what lies in front you, the different choices and paths that you now face." "Choices? Paths? You aren't making sense." "You were always meant to be here at this time for this reason. You are the carrier of a great prophecy that will change the fate of the world as it is known. But with this comes a price, a price that you might not be willing to pay. This prophecy, this vision, will break you; it will change who you are and how the world sees you, this will change the course of your life. You will act as a seer but you will have no more true visions except for one in the future and you will be ridiculed by many for the rest of your life, you will lose much of what could have been." "Isn't there a way to stop this? Can I pass it on or give it away?" "You cannot. It will come through you or it will not come. You do have two choices, two paths laid out before you; You can choose to stay and allow me to help you bring this to fruition or you can go and simply wait for this to pass. So either you use what is coming or you simply lose it and the ability to do anything about it. Either way, the world will be different when all is said and done." -She sighed deeply- "Will the future that this vision will help bring about be worth it? Will it change the world for the better?" "There is equal possibility for it to tip the scales to either the light or the dark, it depends solely on who the vision concerns and how they react to the events of the future. As for worth? That is up to you to decide, the power to potentially decide the fate of your world and those in it is in your hands. What is that worth to you?" Sybil sat back and thought over everything that had just been said. -sigh- "I'll do it, I don't believe that I would be able to live with myself if I let this slip away. What do we do now?" "I will release my hold on your pain, I have been holding it in check for this conversation, to give you a few moments to breathe and so that you could make a decision. When I let it go the pain will be unlike anything you have ever felt and then it will grow past that. It is there that you must fight to stay awake, you must be aware for the vision to fully come through. You will have to remove and store the memory as soon as you can afterwards as the longer it stays in your head, the more damage it will do. Are you ready child?" "No, but I don't think that one ever really could be with something like this." The pain was released and it hit Sybil with a force she hadn't been prepared for. With each second that passed, the pain grew worse, mounting to heights she never thought she'd feel much less be able to endure; each moment brought more pressure,making her head feel like it was going to explode. The pain increased until there was nothing else but the pain she felt that she was being consumed and destroyed by. All off a sudden, a rush of images came flooding in; flowing too fast for her to catch most of but strangely what stood out was the image of two women, one older