Spoilers below, if you would rather go without, then skip over it all and start reading! "Funnily enough, I planned from the start that none of them would die. Then midway through, which I think is a reflection of the fact that I wasn't in a very happy place, I started thinking I might polish one of them off. Out of sheer spite. 'There, now you definitely can't have him anymore.' But I think in my absolute heart of heart, although I did seriously consider killing Ron." – J K Rowling AUTHOR NOTE: This fic is based on the quote above. I've always wanted to explore what would happen and how different the golden trio would have been as a duo. This isn't a reflection on Ron or a cop out, I do love him as a character. He has a big impact on the group, on his family and friends. This fic will explore what could have happened. The Dramione will be a slow burn. It will be totally worth it in the end though, I swear. TIMELINE: This takes part at the end of the Order Of the Phoenix. We pick up the story as Harry, Hermione, Ginny, Ron, Neville and Luna race to the ministry to save Sirius. I've taken a mix of book canon and movie canon for this chapter. I used some parts of the book, which you may notice throughout the chapter. I've taken the movie ending for this chapter, just because of how I wanted to work things for Ron. I couldn't rewrite the whole brains thing, I wanted it to be more of the movie ending. Posting Date : Every Friday from now RATING: M later in the story for sex scenes, bad language and occasional violence. DISCLAIMER: Except for quotes used in reviews, this fanfiction may not be reproduced or used in whole or in part of any means without the permission of the author. That includes translation of the fanfiction and copying it to other HP websites. However, I do not own Harry Potter and sole credit goes to J. K. Rowling. No profit was made from this fanfiction. It was produced purely for fun. WARNING: Major character death, but come on, we both know what's gonna happen. Bring a box of tissues. I'm sorry, it's as painful for me as it is for you. BETA READER: Thanks for the wonder caladhiell for all your hard work! Special thanks to Indiebluecrown for being my alpha for this fic! THE PROLOGUE "Run!" Hermione shouted, her stomach churning. It was a trap and the group of students had no escape from the Death Eaters. Hermione had suspected a set-up from the beginning. She'd even voiced her fears to Harry when he'd been so certain that Sirius was being tortured at the Ministry by the Death Eaters. Harry's connection to Voldemort had been a worry over the last year, despite Harry promising to try and keep his mind closed off from him. It had only gotten worse over time and Harry's lessons with Snape hadn't closed the connection he shared with Voldemort. Despite her concerns, Harry had been sure. Hermione always stood by his side, no matter what they were facing. So, when Harry went racing off save his godfather, Hermione went along, ready to fight. Months ago, Harry had seen the near death of Mr. Weasley; he'd seen the whole thing so clearly in his mind. He's been right about that, so Hermione knew she must follow along, hoping her instincts were wrong. Harry had been set to leave for the ministry to save his godfather, when his friends wanted to come along. He hadn't been too keen on the idea of people coming to help, but he had worked so hard helping them learn to fight in the Dumbledore's Army club. So, Ron, Neville, Luna and Ginny joined Hermione. They arrived to a trap. Sirius was not in the place Harry had seen him, and there were no signs of a struggle. After this discovery, the whole thing fell into chaos. Death Eaters arrived, trying almost desperately for Harry to hand over the prophecy he'd discovered, hidden amongst a room full of orbs. They all knew the prophecy was to be protected with their lives. The prophecy could never be shared with the Death Eaters; not after the Order had worked so hard to keep it protected. Hermione hadn't seen the prophecy, but she could tell by Harry's startled expression, that he'd heard it's words moments before the Death Eaters' arrival. The Death Eaters had arrived the moment they discovered it had been a trick. There were so many of them, and the small group of Dumbledore's Army were outnumbered. Despite the training Harry had given them over the last few months, they were no match for trained killers. The group of DA members ran through the aisle of fake orbs, trying to outrun the Death Eaters and find an escape. Hermione took out a Death Eater with a stunning spell and a few of the others taken out by her friends. There were too many of them, and there was no exit in sight. They were all lost in a maze of aisles. "A door!" Neville screamed, running ahead. He lead the group and pointed to a black door ahead of them, hovering in the middle of an aisle. It wasn't against a brick wall, and they had no idea what the door led to, but they had to take the chance. Hermione didn't hesitate and followed after Neville and Luna. The moment she stepped through the hovering door she felt herself falling, and a scream escaped her lips. She was almost screamed out a spell to stop the falling when they all froze, hovering in midair an inch above the ground. It didn't stop the pain when they finally hit the floor with a jolt. "Merlin!" Ron shouted, scrambling to his feet beside Hermione. They glanced at each other, fear and worry reflecting in both their eyes. Hermione knew the Death Eaters were only seconds behind and once they arrived, the group weren't going to be able to hold them off for long. "What is this place?" Harry asked, looking around the room. His words caught Hermione's attention as she got to her feet. It was pitch dark, with black walls and a raised platform in the center of the room. In the middle of the raised platform stood a doorframe with a mystical energy in the center. "I don't know, but we need to get out of here," Hermione said firmly, stepping to Harry's side. They didn't get the chance to run because within seconds the Death Eaters arrived. Black balls of energy filled the room as they hurtled through the air. Whatever spell they were using had to be the cause of very dark magic. A dark ball of energy headed straight towards Hermione, she dived out of the way, but not soon enough. The darkness remade itself into a Death Eater that she'd been running from moments ago; one of the Lestrange brothers. Hermione wasn't sure which brother it was, and she didn't get a chance to check as he dived at her, a flash of light leaving his wand hitting Hermione's wand hand. Instantly disarming her, he grabbed her by the throat, cutting off the scream pushing to escape her mouth. Lestrange had been so quick and hadn't even spoken a word to disarm her. Hermione had barely raised her wand by the time the disarming spell had hit her. She had heard about the brothers, efficiently lethal dark wizards known for their infamous wartime body count. "Stay still, pretty girl, I won't hurt you too much," Lestrange leered into Hermione's ear. He wrapped his other arm around her waist, holding her back against his front. She had no way to escape, and her wand was on the floor in front of them. Never before had she felt so helpless and so weak. They'd trained for months with Harry for a moment like this, but Hermione hadn't been in a real fight before, not one where her life depended on it. Harry had been right; you couldn't prepare for a moment like this. You couldn't prepare for the shock that hit you, the second of fear that was just long enough for the other person to react. Hermione whimpered and looked around the room as everyone but Harry was captured by a Death Eater. He stood in the center, on the raised platform with the prophecy in his hand. "Give us the prophecy, and we'll let them go," Lucius offered, stepped purposefully towards Harry. Lucius hadn't captured anyone, and his gaze was focused on the prophecy in Harry's hands. "DON'T GIVE IT TO THEM!" roared Neville, who seemed beside himself, kicking and writhing as Bellatrix drew nearer to him and his captor, her wand raised. 'DON'T GIVE IT TO THEM, HARRY!' Bellatrix raised her wand. "Crucio!" Neville screamed, his legs drawn up to his chest so that the Death Eater holding him was momentarily holding him off the ground. The Death Eater dropped him, and he fell to the floor, twitching and screaming in agony. "That was just a taster!" said Bellatrix, raising her wand so that Neville's screams stopped and he lay sobbing at her feet. She turned and gazed up at Harry. "Now, Potter, either give us the prophecy or watch your little friend die the hard way!" Hermione watched as her best friend stepped forward, willing to save their lives in exchange of the prophecy. She wanted to yell out, to stop him but the Death Eater holding her tightened his grip on her throat like he knew what she had planned. Then, high above them, two doors burst open, and five more people plunged into the room: Sirius, Lupin, Moody, Tonks, and Kingsley. Malfoy turned, and raised his wand, but Tonks cast a Stunning Spell right at him, stopping him. The Death Eaters were completely distracted by the appearance of the members of the Order, who were now raining spells down upon them as they jumped from step to step towards the sunken floor. Hermione's Death Eater dropped her and ran towards the Order members, giving Hermione the chance to dive for her wand on the floor. She grabbed it and raced towards Ron, who was ducking behind a barrier alongside Ginny. Hermione made her way to the barrier, just as Ron reached out and pulled her down with them, hidden and out of the way of the now ongoing battle. The Order members were the perfect distraction. "There's too many," Ginny said, her eyes fixed on Harry, who was battling alongside Sirius. "We have to help them." "The Order are strong fighters," Hermione said confidently. "They'll even things up, especially with Moody here. The books say he took down most of the escaped Death Eaters in this room." Before Hermione had the chance to react, a spell hit just above her head, burning a hole in the barrier. In an instant, Ron jumped to his feet, soon followed by Hermione and Ginny, their wands raised. Dolohov and the Lestrange brothers were stood, wands raised and ready to fight. Hermione stood by Ron and Ginny's side as the trio commenced battle with the Death Eaters. They were stronger with more powerful spells, but Hermione and the youngest Weasleys managed to hold their own. The months of working with Harry in the DA had paid off. Hermione now had quicker reflexes; she knew more defensive spells than ever before. Despite the experience, it wasn't enough against the vastly more experienced Death Eaters. The DA tired much quicker than their enemy did. Hermione just ducked out of the way of a stunning spell when Mad-eye shouted at them, making his way over to help. He took on Dolohov, leaving the two Lestrange brothers to Hermione, Ginny, and Ron. Hermione shot a stunning spell