A/N: Yay! New story! Hope you all like it! Unlike the other story, "The Wounds a Heart Can Bear", this is a WIP. So please don't come after me with a mob if updates aren't fast coming. There will be periods when I'll be supplying fast, and some where there's either a mental block or lack of inspiration. These things happen. I hope the first chapter is long enough for you! ------------------- Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings isn't mine. Legolas isn't mine. The world sux. ------------------- ch.1 Hello. I see you've managed to find my story. I consider that amazing, seeing as there are possibly over a million poems, journals, fanfictions and random articles out there that are all being read by nearly everyone on the face of this earth. If you didn't know, that's a lot of people and a lot of words being thrown out there, so I applaud you for finding this. This is my story. I may sound extremely mellow and depressing at the moment, but all I'm doing is stating a fact. There's really no need to get excited over it. I could pretend to be bouncy and preppy and all that jazz, but that's really not who I am. I'm going to tell you this my way, with my sarcasm and my sense of humor. And if my sense doesn't match yours…then that's too bad, and you can go to the site that has a bunch of hopping, squealing fangirls (really, I don't know how you can squeal on the internet…) and join them. If you're like me, a quiet, deep, dark and mysterious woman, then come on in and stay awhile. Get comfortable. I've got a story to tell. I've also got beverages, if you want them. No? All right. I guess there's really no place to start but the beginning…. You may call me crazy; you may call me totally phsyco. That's all right. Everyone does. But I swear that it's true. I'm not a liar; I normally don't do it. What's the point of telling false tales if you're only going to get found out anyway? And by then you'd be in a lot more trouble than you would be if you had simply told the truth from the start. No, lying's not for me, so I'm not going to do it now. Before I get to the extremely weird part, I'll introduce my life, just to set some background to start with. I don't want to thrust this at you; you'll never catch it if you don't have solid footing. Let's start with the basics: My name is Kyla. Don't start telling me how weird a name that is; I know. You never see anybody walking around with the name Kyla. But I wanted something different, something exotic, so I changed it. My real name, my original name, is Mortisha. Would you like a name like that? No. I thought not. I'm not part of the Adams family or anything, so I don't need the name Mortisha. (For all you Mortishas out there, I pity you, unless you actually favor the name. To each her own.) Anyway, that's my name. Kyla Edana. My last name is at least something I like that was given to me at birth. It means 'zealous' or 'fiery' in some other language. I'm not sure which. I looked it up on the internet once. It doesn't exactly fit me (except on rare occasions normally including nearly seven bottles of beer) but I'm not complaining. I live in San Diego. I didn't move there by choice, it just happened that way. I'm currently sharing a small two-bedroom apartment with another girl named Fran. We both share the rent as well. Although, in the time frame of my story, I didn't have a job and was falling behind on my half of the rent. Fran says to everyone who cared to listen that I was fired, but I prefer the term "quit". You try working in a Wal-Mart. See where that gets you mentally and emotionally. Fran just doesn't get that. Put on high-pitched, annoying voice: "Kyla, why don't you get a job? I'm not going to pay this rent all on my own. You wanna live on the streets? I can kick you out, you know." God, that girl can get to me sometimes. Basically, while Fran went to work as a local newspaper reporter at around eight a.m., I slept until eleven, then "rose from the dead" and set to work searching for a job in either the paper or on the internet. That's another thing that bugged me. Fran threatened my computer privileges when she was extremely ticked off about my whole getting a job and everything. I can't live without my machine. That's fact. Because, to tell you the truth, I didn't just look for jobs. I surfed, I updated, I reviewed, and I searched for updates. I'm the member of more sites than I can count. I thrive off of information, whether fictional or not. And, occasionally, I looked at whatever Fran's been doing on her own desktop. I look at the sites she has listed and check them out. Don't call it prying or anything, simply call me curious. And don't start talking about dead cats or anything having to do with curiosity. Stupidity was the one that killed the cat. Curiosity was just framed. This girl was a complete nutter. She was the member of Tolkien sites and Lord of the Rings crap, also sites that had the theme of only one of the cast or characters. Mostly this "Legolas" dude. There were bright and sparkly WebPages with the words "Greenleaf" and "Fair prince" all over, with flashy colors and guestbooks with the same squealy fangirls I abhor. Ugh. How could she like these sites, let alone become the member of one? Double ugh. I've heard of the movies, of course, and Fran has the books, but I never really wanted to read/watch them at all. They looked extremely boring. That's not the way I am. More than once Fran's crashed on the couch and yelled for me to come into the living room to watch with her. Watch what? The "Lord of the Rings" of course. The first time I refused, then kept refusing as she kept badgering me about it. Now I don't even respond. It's unhealthy, the way she's obsessed over it. So obsessed that I've even found sites she's the member to, even submitted to, that's reserved only for the sake of Legolas fanfiction! It should be illegal to be that dedicated to one subject or person, especially if that person is fictional. And she's the member of a few Orlando Bloom sites, and the members there are just as obsessed. If poor Mr. Bloom ever caught sight of what the girls were writing about him, he'd run for the hills screaming at the top of his pretty lungs. Hell, they even have him hooked with another guy . Complete whackos, if you ask me. I guess that's all I have to say on the background. Ah, yes, almost forgot; my family hates and/or refuses to talk to me for the rest of my life. It's because of what happened to my little brother….it's the reason I became withdrawn and bitter, the reason I'm now some depressed goth. But I won't tell you what happened to my bro right now. It'll come up later. I always hate bringing it up…it's too painful. So let's just move on. I hope I haven't bored you yet, for the exciting part's about to come. I'll simply tell you what happened: Legolas got transported into my living room. No, wait! Don't go! It may sound stupid, but really, it happened! Just give me a chance to tell you how it happened. I would appreciate it if you would simply listen, give me a chance. Sit down; I don't want to be afraid of you running off in the middle of my story. Yes, easy now. Good. Now I'll continue. It was a normal day. Honestly, it was. Cheesy beginning, but it's all I got. Anyway, I woke up at my usual eleven o' clock in the morning, I walked into my same kitchen with the same cruddy mess all over the counter, made the same coffee in the same coffee maker, and sat down at the same rickety table. "Same" is such a boring word, don't you think? One syllable, one meaning: usual, boring crap that never changes. I grabbed the paper and sifted through the job listings, as I did every morning, sipping at my coffee at the same time. There's that word again. Same. Heck, I hardly read the descriptions thoroughly anymore. I just glance over it and head for the comics. It might not get me anywhere, but that's life, or mine, at least. After my coffee's done, I slap the paper onto the counter along with the remains of the newspapers from the entire week, making the pile on the counter an even bigger mess, and trudge into the other room, where the computer sits in the corner. I turn it on, and get to "work". I began the usual stuff: updating, checking, writing. Over and over again, in a cycle. It keeps me occupied; once I'm bored of one thing I move to another. That's how it goes. I didn't suspect anything to be different that day. Of course, I've heard of magic and illusions and other crap like that, but I never believed in it. Who does? Everybody, even children, know that magicians are relying on clever manipulations of light and solid form. It's not real magic. But I got a taste of real magic that day, you could say. How do you expect a person to appear when they've been transported from one world to the next? Right side up, right? On their feet? Not the case today. First I became aware of an odd sensation of energy that left the hair on my arms standing on end. It felt as if all the particles of magnetic force were being invisibly drawn towards the center of the room. The lights dimmed; the computer screen flickered. I had no idea what was going on, and, frankly, I was terrified to say the least. The objects in the room began vibrating—yes, vibrating, I could hear them all rattling—and papers began flying. It was like an indoor vortex. By now I had dived for the floor and was covering my head in my arms, hoping the event would soon pass. It did with a brilliant flash of light, and the papers fluttered to the floor, the lights came back on only to fizz out, and the computer gave an ominous sizzle. There was a loud bang and a crash, and I thought I heard the cry of someone that'd been hurt. Of course, after something like that happens to someone, they're not going to just hop up, brush themselves off, and say, "Well, back to life!" No duh they're not. I sure wasn't. I'm not sure how long I stayed prone on the floor, but it seemed like an eternity to me. Finally, I uncovered my head and sat up, carefully peering around at the now cluttered room. Other than the huge and totally unexpected mess, everything seemed normal. My heart rate gradually slowed down and I began to relax. In my relief, I didn't bother trying to think of how that could have happened. Relief then turned to fear as I saw another form beginning to rise from the sea of papers and worthless junk. I sat, immobilized, as the lean shape of a man straightened and slowly, cautiously, it seemed, began to raise itself up onto outstretched arms. My first thought was: How the hell did he get in here? I would have grabbed something to throw at him had he not then raised