A/N: To save some confusion that may arise, I'll tell you this: This story was originally my own, with my owns characters and settings. I just thought I would change it to turn it into a fanfic. I altered the Elvish so it would sound more Tolkien-ish, but there are some things I didn't change. It's hard enough changing the names and all that jazz, as well as the places and Elvish, to look around on the internet to find certain terms. Forgive me if there's something wrong in here, better yet, give me a correct term. I hope you like it! Reviews will be welcome! Disclaimer: I own nothing! I swear it! So...so you lawyers can go now... waves hand at lawyers standing in doorway lawyers: Awww... Thunder growled in the distance. The lightning revealed barren land, dyed black from the heavy smog and poisonous gases in the air. The roiling thunderclouds trembled, ready to release the water they held, but no rain came. They swept over the sky, unable to bring what they were meant to deliver. Far below them, a group of orcs were gathered. They laughed hoarsely in the night, gathered around a small fire and speaking in a cursed language. There were almost forty of them. Their scimitars and double-headed axes were thrown carelessly down upon the ground. One stood and moved away from the group, sniffing audibly as he scented the air. He looked down at the ten slaves they had captured. Some were asleep, but the ones that were not stared up at him with large eyes that glistened in fear and pain. There was the sound of clinking chains as they tried to shuffle back from the horrid creature in front of them. The orc laughed at their fear, a deep guttural sound that grated upon their ears. He spat on the ground at their feet before turning back and heading for the fire once more and sitting next to another orcs on a large rock. The slaves visibly relaxed and huddled close together for warmth and comfort, the chains that bound them rubbing against each other with quiet screeches. Only one sat away from the group, her back turned. Iron shackles were snapped about her wrists, connecting her to the group behind her, but she stayed as far away as possible. She was not like them. A faint blue glow emanated around her in the dimness, revealing what she truly was: an elf maiden. She rocked slowly back and forth, murmuring in her native language to comfort a small bundle in her arms. The bundle wrapped in her protective embrace whimpered and a small hand clutched the front of her dress. " Nana ," the little being whispered. "Mama. I want to go home." The elven maiden nodded and kissed the small elf boy she held in her arms. His tunic and leggings were dirtied and torn, his long blond hair mussed and streaked with dust, but he was other than that unharmed, save for the bruises an orc had given him earlier. He was nine years old in what elves would call "human years," for elves matured much slower than humans, given the fact that they were immortal. In reality the boy was nearly twenty, though he was still small and still considered a child of nine. "I know, Legolas, I know," the maiden clutching the boy whispered into his golden hair. "I do too. We will be free soon, ion-nîn , my son." At least, that was what the maiden hoped. Her name was Khílya; she was married to Thranduil Mirkwood, an elven kingdom. The only thing that complicated the matter was that Thranduil was the forest's king, and she its queen. That made the small child in her arms its prince, and that was a cost too great to pay if she lost him. She could feel him shivering in her arms, mostly from fear. They had been captured almost three days ago. Thranduil, along with his wife and child, had been traveling east to visit Rivendell, another elven realm. Thranduil had wanted to discuss some matters with Lord Elrond, the ruler of Rivendell, since Mirkwood and they have had some conflicts in the past. Khílya remembered that day horribly. "Ada , daddy, when are we going to get there?" Legolas asked, trying to be heard over the pounding of horses' hooves. He was riding in front of Khílya, who had her arms around him protectively, gripping the horse's mane. Elves did not ride with a saddle or bridle, for the animals understood and trusted them completely. " Soon, ion-nîn, soon," Thranduil replied, looking over at his son fondly. Legolas had his father's features, golden hair, and fair face. But he had his mother's bright blue eyes, the color of the sky, and his mother's kind heart. Unfortunately he also had his father's stubbornness and impatience, as he was showing now as they trekked beneath the trees. " I'm tired of waiting," Legolas said huffily, crossing his arms. Khílya patted his slim shoulder. She glanced at Thranduil, informing her husband of her intentions before she kicked the horse's underbelly, setting it into a gallop. Legolas whooped happily and leaned over the mare's long neck, watching the ground and shrubs as they rushed quickly by. He turned his face forward again and let the wind play with his golden locks, enjoying the ride. It had been too long since he was out like this. He was always kept within the palace walls. Even though the palace had a garden, it was not enough to quench the wild fire in the prince's heart. He always longed for the outdoors when he was forced to stay inside. Khílya pulled the horse to a stop so Thranduil and the guards could catch up. Thranduil's horse skidded to a stop beside Khílya's. She turned her flushed face to him and smiled brilliantly, and Thranduil lost whatever he had been about to say. He saw in her eyes that she had needed that dash as much as Legolas had needed it. Legolas began bouncing in his seat. The mare he was upon snuffled, but she accepted the young one's energy and didn't complain. "Ada, did you see how fast we were going?" the young elfling asked excitedly, still bouncing. "We were on the wind's tail!" " Of course you were, ion-nîn ," Thranduil said distractedly, still gazing fondly at his wife. She smiled and kicked the horse into a light trot. It had started out so right. They had been making good time and would have arrived at Rivendell by sundown. Why had everything gone so horribly wrong? Khílya hunched over her small son, holding him against her breast. He shifted and pressed his face against her side, gripping her dirtied dress in his slim fingers. His eyes were closed as he slept, and that worried the queen. Elves slept with their eyes open, for they wandered through their dreams as they regained their strength. Only when elves were injured, mightily depressed or ill did they hide the light of their eyes, for that meant they had not enough energy to dream, and that their light hearts were darkening. Khílya allowed a tear to escape her eye and run down her cheek, trailing through the dirt and grime that coated her fair cheeks. Where was Thranduil? When would they escape this evil? " My Lord," a guard muttered. "I sense evil nearby." The whisper was barely audible, but the king's keen elven ears picked up the warning. He turned to his wife. " Khílya," he said, trying to make sure his son didn't hear him. "The guards sense something of evil will nearby. Pull back." The queen nodded and slowed the mare until two guards, who had their bows drawn and notched, flanked her. Their eyes flitted over the shrubs and trees of the path, watching for evil. "Hëncda-kíl! " a guard shouted suddenly in Elvish. "Watch out!" A black arrow whizzed from the trees, but the shout came too late, for the tip of the arrow embedded itself deep into the heart of a guard. He was dead before he hit the ground, and the horse he had been riding reared and shrieked in surprise. A volley of arrows flew from the darkness between the trees, many hitting their marks and felling the guards that protected the royal family. Rough gibberish filled the air. A swarm of orcs filed from the trees, surrounding the remaining four guards and the small family they were fighting to protect. The guards' horses closed in around Khílya's, shielding her and the prince from any more arrows. They drew their swords, but did not yet make any moves. The orcs closed in around the elves, muttering in the dark language. They raised their blades, whether it be to a sword or ax, and growled threateningly. Khílya wrapped an arm around her son protectively, unsheathing her own graceful sword and watching the vecz warily. Legolas huddled back against her, trembling. He had never seen so many orcs in one place at one time. They normally fended for themselves or traveled in small groups. They wore black armor over their chests and arms, and some had horned helmets. This was a gathered army built for only one purpose: destruction. With a loud battle cry, the orcs pressed in upon the elves, raising their weapons for the kill. Confusion ensued, and the sounds of clanging steel and painful cries rent the air. Birds took wing in surprise, and deer bolted in alarm. The peaceful night air was disrupted as the battle began. Khílya slew another orc, trying desperately to keep her son safe. She stayed upon her mount, twisting on its back to reach every orc that came too close. The mare beneath her nickered nervously and worked with her charge, lashing out with her hooves and butting the foul creatures away, heedless of the gashes and scrapes she was receiving from the orcs' sharp weapons. " Khílya!" Thranduil called across the path, where he was fighting off an enormous group of vecz. "Khílya, frítea-ü nyav thásl Legolas cuoisa! Take Legolas and run!" He shouted in Elvish to hide the command. Khílya cast one last glance at her husband. She normally would have stayed to fight, but her child's life was in danger, and she couldn't risk it. With one last prayer to her loved one, Khílya spun her mare and kicked its underbelly, setting it into a fevered gallop. The horse leaped over the barrier of orcs, then dashed away into the night. A pack of orcs broke off from the main group and followed. Thranduil bid a prayer to the stars to keep them safe. Khílya heard the orcs after her, but she was outpacing them. Their shrieks were growing more and more faint as she pressed on, desperate to escape. Her long brown hair flowed in the rushing winds. She ducked quickly beneath a low branch. Her pointed ears heard the sound of a flying ax, but she did not have time to swerve her mount aside before the blade of the ax hit the horse's hindquarters with a sickening thump. The mare squealed and collapsed as its legs gave out beneath it. Before the mare's head hit the ground, Khílya lifted Legolas in her arms and leaped from the fallen horse's back. She stopped her fall with a roll and ended up in a crouch. She prepared to run, but the orcs closed in around the front of her, blocking off the escape as the rest covered from behind, stabbing the helpless horse quickly with a spear. Khílya straightened, holding Legolas tightly in her arms. He buried his face against her chest to hide his eyes from the horrid grins and evil giggles surrounding him. A bulky orcs stepped forward and eyes the elf maiden up and down, wondering what to do with her. He suddenly laughed.