Princeof Winter A Tale in the "Dark Leaf" Arc, Set in the Early Years of the Third Age By JastaElf Dedicated to the patient, persevering, loving, wonderful bunch of people who have honoured me with becoming fans of my writing and of "Dark Leaf" in particular. I am moved beyond words! Author's Note: If you experience any confusion on the subject of ancestry and whatnot, never fear: there's an author note at the end to help explain. The most important thing you may need to know is this: Celeborn and Thranduil are cousins through their sires, and Amroth was the son of Celeborn and Galadriel, not of Amdír. Amdír was Amroth's foster-father. But poor Amroth was still besotted with Nimrodel. Translations as usual are at the end of the tale. "I want to go home." "I am aware of that, Legolas nín . And I appreciate the reminder." The young face crumpled into a petulant scowl; the bright blue eyes were perilously close to overflowing with tears. He scrubbed impatiently at his face to prevent such a thing from happening and decided to try re-wording his request. "I want to go home now . This moment." "So you have made abundantly clear. Alas, the answer must remain no." Legolas Thranduilion, Prince of Greenwood the Great, stamped one foot in aggravation. Celeborn of Doriath, likewise a prince of the selfsame lineage as Legolas (save for a slight jog to the right), did not look up from his scroll—but he did mark the stamping, and his eyebrows twitched with a kind of approval. It was not so many weeks past that, rather than contenting himself with a stamp of the foot, the young prince would probably have attempted ripping down a portion of the talan to break over his knee, just to remind people that he could. Progress of a sort was being made for one so recently rescued from the dark tower of Dol Guldur and an upbringing largely prosecuted by Orcs and traitor Humans. "Why can I not go home?" Legolas demanded now, having been frustrated yet again. "It is Yule. Everyone is with their family except me." Celeborn did look up at that, dark silver eyebrows curving over the molten pewter of his eyes. "You are no longer claiming kinship with me?" "That's different. You know what I mean. Stop being such a grown-up." Legolas bit the words off familiarly, for all the world as if Celeborn were another Elfling—or conversely, that Legolas was one of the Lord's own peers. From one day to the next it was difficult to judge which was the case, so mercurial had the son of Thranduil become in the long years of his captivity. Celeborn laughed at him with the same familiarity. "Shall fish stop swimming? Shall birds not fly? Forgive me, Legolas, but a grown-up I most assuredly am and shall remain." When the scowl and the ever-threatening tears did not abate, Celeborn gave his young ward a patient, compassionate smile and rose to walk around the desk here in his study. Leaning back against the desk, he placed a hand along either side of his hips and gazed back at the rebellious youth. "You have asked a fair question, pen-neth , and it deserves a fair answer. Simply put, you cannot go home right now because it is winter. The way is shut." Legolas did not relent. "Elves can walk on snow." "Indeed they can. And they can be buried by it should there be some mishap, and they can die for lack of air under snow like any other being." He shook his silver head with regret. "I am sorry, Legolas, truly I am. But you cannot go home now." "When, then?" Celeborn tilted his head and gazed at the hurting, angry Elfling before him. "Am I incorrect to recall that you made a certain promise to your father?" he asked gently. Legolas opened his mouth to say something—what, Celeborn never learned, for a kind of realization crossed the youth's face a heartbeat later, and he snapped his mouth shut on whatever words had been about to come forth. Lower lip quivering, Legolas stared back at him in silence for a very long moment; then he quietly but strongly said a very bad word indeed, such that nearby tree branches drew back and the squirrels briefly stopped playing in the canopy above their heads, for it was in a language most Elves did not even know, much less employed. He turned away, angry, frustrated, hurting, and crossed his arms over his chest—partly in pique and partly to hug himself for comfort. "I wish I hadn't ever!" he said, trying to make it a fierce growl. Instead it came out as a quiet, heartfelt piece of would-be magic, the way the very young will sometimes attempt to un-make some word or action from the past. "I wish I hadn't ever said!" "Well, I can see that—and hear it," Celeborn said mildly, the very lack of anger a rebuke sufficient to make Legolas's shoulders jerk in sorrowful response. "I could just as easily wish you had not chosen to frighten the wildlife by using the Black Speech in my study, too, but it would not make the utterance any less real." Legolas shot a sidelong glance at the tall, austere Elven-lord who was his Adar's cousin, and hunched his shoulders in disobliging sorrow. It was clear to see he had not meant to use the word; it had just sort of popped out. Celeborn mused that in the Dark Tower such an outburst would barely have been noticed, unless one of the Orcs happened to be in a particularly bad mood and chose to take it amiss. But then, one of the things he realized the young Prince had learned very soon after being given his freedom was that things in the outside world were very, very different from the reality he had known in Dol Guldur. "I'm sorry, my lord," Legolas whispered now, hanging his head and watching warily from the corner of his eye. He had also learned that Celeborn could move a lot faster than he looked as if he could—and even after months of freedom, Legolas was, with justification not completely out of line, still wary of just about all the Galadhrim except Lady Galadriel. At times Celeborn felt certain the lad expected the calm, quiet Elves to turn on him, just as the Orcs and Uruks and Humans had done on a regular basis before. "I—just—want to go home." "I know," Celeborn said softly, guessing at some of the thoughts that were making the child so stiff and unhappy, and wishing he had some special magic to make the pain less. Silence stretched between them for several moments. Celeborn waited patiently, observing the youth as he fidgeted his way through the process of trying to look everywhere but at his host. Just when he was certain Legolas would give up and excuse himself, Celeborn learned afresh the most frequently repeated lesson in the care and feeding of this sad Elfling: that there was seldom anything so simple as an encounter with sorrow. Legolas raised his eyes and stared at Celeborn with what many had found a disconcerting directness, then skewed his mouth to one side—a gesture they had come to realize meant the princeling had something he felt needed saying, but suspected would be taken amiss. "It is because I'm a freak, isn't it." "Isn't what?" Legolas scrunched up his face a bit, trying to find his way through the confusion in his mind. "Isn't it—the reason why I cannot go home?" he ventured. "Because I am a freak?" Celeborn raised an eyebrow. "No, child. The reason you cannot go home is that it is winter." He waited, knowing there would be more. When Legolas wore that look there was always more. It seemed as if this particular subject had been a long time coming. "But—I am a freak." He said this matter-of-factly, though his eyes were huge in his too-slender face. Something in those eyes willed Celeborn to say something, anything, so long as it was the utter truth and somehow made sense of all the jumble in that confused mind. The Lord of Lórien gave a faint, sad smile. Another thing they had learned was that Legolas had a very finely developed sense of when he was being cozened or lied to... "No, Legolas." Celeborn shook his head decisively. "You are not a freak." The youth stared harder, narrowing his eyes somewhat. "But they said so." Celeborn closed his eyes very briefly. "They?" "An elleth and her friend. And his friends. They did not know I was there, for I was in the tree and heard them talking." Legolas gave a nod, for all the world as if thinking I know, I would scarcely credit it myself, and I was there... "They all agreed. They said I was a freak and an un—umm, unnatural creature." He supposed it had been inevitable that sooner or later someone without compassion, someone who had not learned the lesson of Thranduil's eighteen sorrowful sojourns or had been paying insufficient attention to notice a campaign to destroy Dol Guldur, would say something thoughtless and cruel like this. If he were completely honest, he supposed he had suspected all along it would be one of his own folk that would say it—that did not mean Celeborn had to like it. But for the moment he schooled himself to calm for the sake of his fragile young guest. Steepling his fingers before him, he gazed down at the patterns made on the front of his robe by the shadow of the conjoined tips. "It is true that words have power," he began quietly, and raised his head to gaze back at the tense youngster. "To utter a thing is to give it life and a certain amount of strength. This is why we must always be careful of what we say and how we say it." Legolas nodded his agreement; his stillness otherwise was compelling. The youngster's entire attention was focused on his host in a way few youths had ever done, and Celeborn found it curiously refreshing. "But let me caution you." Celeborn straightened, hands clasped behind himself, and stepped a pace or two closer. "We should never give power to things unless they deserve it—and not all words do." "I do not understand," Legolas murmured, his eyes widening fractionally in nervousness. He took a half-step backward, looking anxious as if he feared offending but did not want to be too close just yet. "The words spoken by that thoughtless elleth and her friends do not deserve the power you are giving to them," his host replied, pausing and giving Legolas his safe distance. The youth looked rather confused; Celeborn made himself not smile at the closeness of the resemblance between Legolas and Thranduil when the son tilted his head slightly and stared at him with a furrowed brow. "Shall I give you an example?" "Yes, please." Nodding, Celeborn gazed up into the branches of the mallorn for a moment, then looked back at Legolas. "Suppose I was to say, 'the sky is very green tonight.'" Legolas appeared taken aback. He stared upward and frowned. In Lórien the trees were tall, their branches thickly intertwined, and it was rare to see the sky from this particular vantage at all unless one climbed the great Tree that made up the foundation of Caras Galadhon. "But—the sky is not green at all," he protested, sounding a tad irritated. Celeborn nodded gravely. "No indeed, it is not. It is blue or gray depending on the clouds—and at night it is quite black." He held up one finger to make the point. "But I have uttered the words. And words have power. Therefore, is the sky green because I have said so?" "No." Legolas scowled. "It is not green no matter how much you say.