Singing Into the Wind by JastaElf Pairing: Lindir/Aragorn Slash: Oh My Yes! Rating: a gentle R Disclaimer: Yes, yes, we all know Tolkien is whirling in his crypt, thank you for sharing… hey, the man needs the exercise after all these years! No harm intended; these are not the droids you're looking for… no infringement of copyright is intended or even slightly hinted at. All rights remain where they're supposed to be, this is fanfic, doggone it, and JRR himself said it was all right! g Dedicated to the wonderful, brilliant, and utterly adorable Ellen Robey, who has given me SO many hours of fantastic reading and drooling…. And who has been kind enough to be my friend! Part of the Valentine's Day fic swap at Royal Mirkwood Home for Wayward Elves…. Happy Valentine's Day, y'all! "I love but one, and him I love, change never; If men have faith, I'll live with thee for ever. The years that fatal destiny shall give I'll live with thee, and die, ere thou shalt grieve. Be thou the happy subject of my books, That I may write things worthy thy fair looks." (With apologies to Ovid AND Christopher Marlowe, for changing their otherwise deathless pronouns….) It was a factor of Elven thought processes that something either took the twinkling of an eye to decide, or took half of forever—everything rather depended on the proclivities of the Elf involved. For instance, it had taken certain of the Noldor as much as several generations of Humankind to make up their minds about things… while rather often, the Wood-Elves decided on the turn of a card whether they would be fell or gay, merry or devastated. It all depended on how one chose to react. For Lindir, chief minstrel of Imladris and one of the finest poets in Ennor in this day and age—in the midst of the Third Age, as it happened—it could go either way, for his ancestry was somewhat checquered. A less kind soul might call him a bit of a mutt, for he had a Noldor father who was part Sindar and a Vanyar mother who was part Telerin—and his poetic muse often led him off into flights of fancy that would have done any Silvan proud. All things being considered as equal, therefore, it should have surprised no one that he sat down to think one fine winter's evening—and was still at it a day later. But at least he was fretting over it, and singing as he thought—so he could not have been said to be resting on his laurels, as it were. All around him the household of Lord Elrond Peredhel was at eights and twelves, as there was a feast in the offing. In and of itself this was hardly unusual. Feasts happened all the time in Imladris, marvelous things really, with superb foods and wonderful company, all to the tune of exquisite music, and all of that under the control of Lindir himself. But for once, the happy chaos of the planning, practicing and preparing went right on past, over, around, and probably under Lindir as well, without his busy involvement. Sooner or later someone was bound to notice. He sat in the big window seat that overlooked the main flood of the Bruinen, the fabled watercourse that ran through Lord Elrond's domain as both a source of refreshment and a protective barrier. The view was exquisite, both inside and out; the Vale of Imladris was a gorgeous place, deeply cut into granite and limestone bedrock as it was, full of waterfalls, hollows, glades, glens and the like, and all kept safe by the vicissitudes of Vilya, the Elven Ring of Air carried by Elrond himself. Yet inside the view was rather lovely as well, for Lindir was an ornament to the valley, little though he would himself have credited it, being a modest sort. Sitting there, he was poetry in motion (or lack thereof, for his thoughts were deep and his movement simply too infrequent to track), as many remarked in one way or another as they passed by. His pale gold hair, well-intermingled with silver, had been left to trail unfettered down his back and across his shoulders; neither braid nor circlet held it in check. His face, beautiful in repose, was the image of grace and charm; his eyes, grey and shining like stars, were as lovely as a summer sky at Minuial. He had a talent for dressing with a casual, unaffected style all his own, a kind of artistic, lyrical quality infusing what would have somehow seemed perfectly commonplace on another; the previous day he had chosen a loose shirt of creamy white, a pair of wide-legged trews of copper-shot blue silk set with many slender pleats so that the fabric both clung and flowed about his well-made legs, and a comfortable over-robe of a deep blue velvet that shimmered as the sunlight, then the moonlight, then the sun again moved over him, and so he continued to sit there, contemplating. "Whatever is his problem this time?" Master Erestor demanded, pausing in one of his many perambulations to and fro on various errands for Elrond, some having to do with Council business, others having to do with party planning. The person to whom he directed this query—Lord Glorfindel of Gondolin, seneschal of Imladris and its chief captain—looked up from checking the accuracy of a large crate of items sent up from the storage areas of the Last Homely House. "Whose problem? What time?" he demanded with some asperity. He was an Elf of action, after all, and relished an utter distaste for bureaucracy and the minutiae of running a household. Had he been asked, he would have said that was what Staff was for… fortunately he had a very fine staff indeed, on many levels, and was usually therefore the soul of equanimity. Today, however, he was decidedly grumpy. "Lindir," Erestor grumbled in reply, tipping his chin toward the silent, mostly-motionless minstrel, as his own hands were full with a sizeable stack of heavy books he was fetching from the library for Elrond. "He has been sitting there for at least a full day now, pondering Eru knows what! I would know what his problem can possibly be this time!" "What it is , Erestor my friend, is none of your business," Glorfindel informed him tartly, though he did glance Lindir's way with some concern. The last time this had happened the result had been an exquisite, superbly crafted lay in many verses on the subject of death and the passing of years, set to music that had been extremely evocative of the subject matter—and all composed to commemorate the abrupt and bloody departure of some King in the line of Elros. Glorfindel remembered it as having been extremely accurate in terms of description of battle and maiming, and while quite wonderful, it had been rather hard on one's posterior—as the proper performance of the thing had consumed several hours, during which one was encouraged to pay silent attention, save for reacting properly in all the right places. He hoped desperately this was not going to prove the gestation period for a similar work of art, for Glorfindel was not fond of his arse falling asleep in public as it had upon that long-gone night. "Besides—I am certain that by now, if he really has been sitting there for two days and more, his biggest problem is a crying need to piss," the captain exclaimed drolly, and went back to ticking things off on his list. Erestor huffed in annoyance and made himself scarce against the chance Glorfindel might take it into his head to ask Lindir if he did indeed need to, umm, relieve himself, and (being Glorfindel) doing so at the top of his lungs. "Crying need to piss indeed," Erestor grumbled under his breath as he retreated hurriedly. "How can one have to relieve oneself if one has taken neither food nor drink? A nicety lost utterly on that dear Gondolinian clod if there ever was one, of course…." Lindir, of course, ignored the whole thing—for he was in love, desperate, admiring love, and the object of his love was about to depart for places and climes unknown. The feast was being held for that very reason—a last gasp, for a while, for a beloved member of the household—and while everyone was a little nostalgic over it all, Lindir was positively devastated. Stuck as he was between a desire and duty to commemorate this event with an appropriate musical piece, and a wish to crawl off under a rock and weep his eyes out, the poor beset minstrel had literally worked himself into a state where none of it seemed likely to happen—because he would apparently take root there and never be heard from again, merely remarked upon as an oddity of the House like the other statuary about the place. Museless and miserable, Lindir heard everything that was discussed around him—and could not bring himself to comment on any of it. This alone ought to have been sufficient to raise alarm flags everywhere, had only there been less going on to mask the sorrow. "Lindir? Is everything well with you?" The bemused minstrel looked up slowly into a pair of starlit grey eyes in a young face. Lindir stared, his mouth open slightly—for this was Estel, Human foster-son of Lord Elrond, the object of the celebration to come—and of Lindir's affections, though he would rather have died than admit it. As if the weight of his heritage is not enough! Lindir thought, mortified, and closed his mouth with a snap. The last thing he needs is the additional burden of my inability to control myself! He shook himself and managed a weak smile. With Estel were Elladan and Elrohir, the twin sons of the Lord of the House; three pairs of very similar eyes gazed at the musician, not convinced in the least when Lindir hastened to reassure them: "Oh aye, all is well—I am—thinking!" he babbled, blinking a bit and realizing too late that he had a cramp in his leg from sitting still so long. "Truly all is well—I was, umm, thinking about music and all for the feast!" "For two days?" Elladan asked skeptically. Lindir blushed to his ear-tips. "It's—umm—a long passage of music?" he hedged. The Twins gave very similar sounds of pure disbelief, and Elrohir made a grab for the minstrel's arm. "You need to come with us and have a breath of fresh air," he commanded. "You've been here so long we've been collecting wagers on whether or not you'll take root!" "You haven't done any such thing!" Lindir protested, just as his cramped leg gave out on him. He stumbled, nearly falling—only to be caught by the young Ranger-to-be, who moved with almost Elven haste to prevent the tumble. Lindir clutched convulsively at the lad's arm and (if such were possible!) blushed even more deeply, especially when Estel did not immediately let him go. The Human held onto him for a heartbeat or twelve, gazing worriedly into the minstrel's eyes; for once it was the Elf who looked away first. "I—do apologize," he murmured, horribly embarrassed to realize he had become rather thoroughly aroused by the mere touch of the lad's hands. Gods be thanked for robes! "No need," Estel said kindly, pretending to dust Lindir off—which only made matters worse. The Twins found Lindir's stumbles and protests amusing, and made no bones about saying so. "When you are so caught up in music that your limbs fail you, it is time for intervention," Elladan announced, his brother of course concurring. "Come! We're going for a walk, the three of us—and you need to join in!" "Umm—I—no, I couldn't possibly," Lindir stammered. "I have so much time, so little to do—err, I mean much to do, so little time—I—have to get ready—write the music—practice—" The ribbing brought on by this