His Certain Hands by JastaElf dedicated to Sildil as she recovers, with thanks to the Powers for her safety! Rating: M Slash: Why yes, yes it is… Pairing: Legolas/Elrond Word Count: 4095 Warnings: Slash. Aftermath of a LOT of battle injuries. VERY mild voyeurism. Written For: Sildil, as she recovers from surgery! It was very quiet in the valley of Imladris. How he had come to be so deeply injured was now of secondary incidence to the fact that Legolas was, in fact, in a very bad way indeed. All around, everything seemed muted as a result; ever since the slow, anxious caravan had wended its way into the Valley, one would have thought it the dead of winter, so silent was everything. Few birds stirred, and those seemed to go about their business quietly, on tip-claws, as it were. Even the horses made little noise in the stables and paddocks, while the dogs barely whined and the cats, silent as always, said very little as they did what cats do. The two-legged denizens of the House—the family of Elrond in all its many parts, and those who loved them—seemed to move about on cat's feet themselves, more silent than Elves generally were, even the Human and Peredhil among them. For there was more than just one casualty of the past month's events, and not all wounds are open and visible upon the body. That was surely a lesson everyone in Imladris knew all too well, given the history of the place and its ruling family. Outside of the Hall of Healing, the sons of Elrond—two Elven, darkling Twins, mirror-images of one another, and one Human, as much beloved as if he had come forth by the same means as the other two—put their heads together and tried to hear something—anything!—through the closed door. Estel was all for simply opening it and walking boldly in, though that was his way; the Twins did not want to risk sundering the fragile peace of the chamber beyond, and thus were less gamesome in that regard only. "I am worried for them both!" the Human grumbled, upon the third time of being told to take his hand off the latch—this time words being accompanied by a short warning slap. "You think we are not?" Elrohir demanded, scowling. They both fell silent as Elladan waved at them from his position crouched by the keyhole; fraught and tense, the three of them listened—only to hear nothing. "Perhaps Legolas has finally fallen into true sleep," Elrohir whispered. Elladan sighed and rose, steadying himself on Estel's arm. "I cannot tell; all is quiet in there, yet the lamp still burns and I swear I have heard naught for far too long." He pulled a rueful face and gave his brothers a lopsided smile, shaking his head. "We may simply have to give up and assume Adar has everything well in hand." They moved a short way down the corridor and pushed open the doors that led to a nearby balcony, overlooking the solemn peacefulness of the gardens. Each was lost for a while in their thoughts. It had been a rough several days since a desperately injured Legolas, out of his mind with fever and pain, had been brought back to Imladris by the Rangers who sometimes ran with the Twins and Estel. No one seemed to know exactly how he had gotten into this state; the Rangers had found him on the fringe of the High Pass, his horse dead beside him and some sign that perhaps the minions of Shadow had been involved. That was all: one dead horse, some desultory Orc sign but no bodies, and a fading prince-warrior—with a bad blow to his left temple that had rendered him sightless, and internal bleeding from a number of wounds that had left him weak, perhaps dying. Perforce they had brought him as swiftly and gently as possible to Elrond, who was not only known as one of Ennor's greatest healers—but also was the Prince's beloved. Legolas had only regained consciousness a handful of times since the dark, wet night on which he returned. It was very clear that he remembered nothing of what had transpired, and in fact seemed unaware of how badly he was hurt—such that it had taken a great deal of cunning and a lot of drugging to keep him in bed. Just this very evening, nearly at his wit's end for worry and exhaustion brought on by tending his injured lover, Elrond had announced he was planning on resting in the Hall of Healing—and that no one was to disturb him or Legolas, no matter what. He had risen from the table then, pausing dramatically in the doorway of the dining hall to look back at a bemused Glorfindel, a worried trio of sons, one very anxious daughter, and a primly disapproving Erestor. "No matter what!" he repeated, raising one finger in a scholar's gesture of emphasis. "I mean it." And thus he disappeared in a swirl of deep indigo silk, the torchlight in the hall glittering off the silver embroidery along his robe's hem and cincture…. "We have heard nothing for some time now," Elrohir said quietly, after a long silence. "It is late; perhaps it were best we simply went to bed ourselves. If Adar stays up all night with Legolas, he will need us fresh and hale come morning to spell him so he can have his rest." They agreed this was a good plan, and reluctantly shuffled off toward their bedchambers. Inside the private chamber within the many peaceful rooms of the Healing Hall, Elrond listened at the other side of the door and breathed a silent relieved huff to hear retreating footsteps. He quietly locked the door just in case—one never knew what might happen, after all!—and returned to the bed in which his injured beloved lay. Worry all aside, Legolas truly did look better than he had a few days past—which was not saying a great deal. His vision had not completely returned with tending, though he could at least apparently see vague shapes and light and shadow. His wounds were mending slowly, but at least they were mending. Legolas had been given plenty of fluids to make up for the blood loss, and what little soft or liquid food they had gotten into him had gone a long way toward refreshing his sorely-used body. However, as Elrond sat there in the soft, dim lamplight gazing down at the beloved face slack with reverie and herbal nostrums, he could not help but shake his head. Every time I let you out of my sight for even as little as a week, he thought, gentling one hand over the silken pale locks of his beloved, I get you back in a basket. Why is that? Of course, he knew the answer all too well. The world was not now what it had been in happier days—and if Elrond were completely honest with himself, he would have to acknowledge that 'happier days' had existed in some nebulous time before his own sundered childhood. Perhaps those mythical times had been before the end of Doriath, when fair Luthien still danced in the protected forest… certainly they had to have been before the creation of the Silmarils. If the days since Elrond's own birth had been less than safe and not as blissful, what then to make of the world into which all their children had been born—the Twins, Arwen, Estel—and Legolas himself? With a light sigh, Elrond settled in to giving his beloved one last examination before it was time for them both to rest, in each other's arms for a change. He peeled back the soft coverlet; his brow furrowed at the sight of the many bruises and contusions still besmirching Legolas's flesh. How dare they! he fumed, growling to contemplate that he had no idea for certain who 'they' even were—but wishing he could give them the business end of his sword anyway. His hands, healer's hands, worked efficiently to cleanse and soothe, changing bandages, noting with relief that the injuries were healing as well as one could expect. Blinking away tears, Elrond bent down to kiss the smooth but bruise-mottled flesh just above one of the worst wounds, a deep, jagged cut made by some indifferently-skilled hand in the effort to get to the liver of the son of Thranduil. Legolas stirred fitfully, giving a breathy moan from the depths of sleep. Without particular volition Elrond's hands moved to soothe, to gentle away whatever had disturbed his beloved; he leaned close, kissing that familiar mouth softened by reverie, aware that of late when he had been in Legolas's company those same lips had more often than not been drawn tight with worry and concern for the ever-darkening state of his homeland. Many had been the nights he had tried to soothe away that tension, ease the worry if only for a little while… Just as then, though innocent now with sleep, his beautiful prince smiled faintly and moved as if to cross any distance, however small, that separated him from his lover. Elrond's hands stilled; he caught and held a breath, not wanting to steal Legolas's rest. A soft complaint of loss was the pale prince's response; a murmur of insistent want rose up before he subsided once again into restless somnolence, his brow furrowed. Elrond waited a moment longer, then lowered his lips softly to those of his young love. It was meant to be a single kiss, a good-night benison—but Legolas was not willing to relinquish what was so hard-won, no matter what his level of waking. Fighting his way up through the murk of potions and herbals, he nibbled back at those lips; his tongue snaked out as if in thirst, teasing across Elrond's mouth. "Shhh, meleth ," Elrond murmured, his breath ghosting over Legolas's cheek. "No need to waken now; rest, be at peace. I am here." Legolas murmured softly, then briefly tossed his head and cried out at the pain it caused. "No—no!" he said brokenly, his expression twisting; his hands reached out clumsily, for they were still heavily bandaged, and it was not possible to tell if he was trying to push Elrond away or pull him closer. " Daro—saes —no!" Realizing his beloved was probably reliving some horrific moment of the attack, Elrond took him carefully into his arms and held him but lightly, fearing to worsen his upset if the embrace were too confining. Murmuring to him constantly in a soothing undertone, the Lord of Imladris dropped gentle kisses along Legolas's jaw line, running one hand through the silken pale hair in a purposefully repetitive gesture intended to anchor the stricken Elf to something more pleasant. After a time it seemed to have an effect, for the Prince's struggles lessened and the frantic expostulations became more those of pain than panic. Gradually and deliberately Elrond increased his hold, letting Legolas's head come to rest where the heart of his Lore-Master beat with steady calm—and like a child in the embrace of its parent, the other began to burrow closer still, making a more satisfied murmur. Elrond rested his cheek briefly against the golden locks and smiled in the dimness. "I will keep the nightmares at bay—and anything else that dares come near you to harm," he whispered into the leaf-shaped elegance of the ear closest to his lips. Because the target was too tempting, he inched closer and gave the tip of that ear a brief lick and a kiss. "Mayhap you will have more pleasant dreams now, melethron ." Legolas stirred again, said something on the threshold of waking, and blinked a time or two; then his eyes cleared of reverie and his dark brows drew together in a faint frown. "Elrond?" "It is I, beloved. Rest now… all will be well now that you are safe." "Nay," Legolas breathed, nuzzling even closer, half-raising one