Disclaimer: I own nothing and am making no product. I did the beta work myself here as the concept did not interest my usual betas. Any mistakes are, annoyingly, my own. Limpiezia de Sangre Harry Potter was going to win the Trizwizard Tournament. He almost couldn't believe it as he stared at the Triwizard cup. Earlier in the year he'd been convinced that this tournament was going to kill him, but now he was standing in a small circular cove in what he could only presume was the middle of the hedge maze. He looked around the alcove for a moment. There were three entrances, excluding the one he and Cedric had burst through. And they all seemed to be shifting every so often as the maze transformed around them. Cedric Diggory lay against the pedestal, panting with exhaustion. He'd collapsed almost as soon as they'd made it into the small alcove that held the cup. Harry stared down at the older Hufflepuff, not feeling quite right about just grabbing the cup, as Diggory had beaten him, by a step, into the alcove. But he'd barely been able to stand at that point. "Take the bloody cup already," Cedric coughed, his grey eyes staring up at Harry. His wand was still in his right hand. The older boy shifted against the pedestal but made no effort to rise. "It doesn't feel right," Harry said, standing before it, examining it. "I wouldn't be standing here if you hadn't grabbed me. And you beat me into the alcove." "Stop being a git, Harry," Cedric replied. And he coughed again, some blood coming up. "I can't even stand up. I have no idea what Krum did to me but it feels like I'm burning apart inside. Just take the cup so this is over." "There has to be something I can do to help!" Harry said. He rushed to Cedric's side and leveled his wand on the other boy, trying to think of any restorative spell he could come up with. Cedric's expression changed from a passive calm to general fury. "Just take the cup!" He yelled. He paused for a moment before barely managing to raise his wand toward the sky before sparks shot upward. Harry doubted that they cleared the top of the hedge-maze. But he suspected the spectators had some way of seeing them and that the gesture wasn't lost on the crowd. Cedric was taking himself out of the competition. Harry stood. He understood the significance of the Hufflepuff's gesture. He didn't particularly agree with it. He'd never quite really thought about what it would mean to win the Triwizard Tournament. But he supposed that with Krum out, Fleur's pained scream from earlier in the task, and Cedric's forfeit; he just had by default. He made a face at the cup before he grabbed one handle casually. The pull in his stomach was the first sign that it was more than it appeared. But he assumed it was just pulling him out of the maze, to somewhere else on the Hogwarts grounds. He fell over once he arrived, dropping the cup and his wand and looking around. He was nearly one-hundred percent sure that Hogwarts didn't have a graveyard. But the castle always had managed to surprise him. Of course, he couldn't see the castle anywhere, which was impossible from the majority of the grounds. He moved to pick up his wand but something hit him and he froze. He couldn't do much more than shift his eyeballs around to try to survey the area. An unseen force lifted him and affixed him to one of the statues in the graveyard. Harry struggled against the magic. He tried to fight it. But he was too tired from the third task to put up any real resistance. Moments later he saw a small blonde man skitter through the graveyard. A large snake followed him, a few paces behind, moving much more deliberately. At first, Harry suspected the snake was chasing the man. But when the man stopped and placed down a boiling cauldron and a small parcel Harry couldn't identify, the snake stopped as well, waiting a few feet behind him. Harry recognized the man almost immediately. Peter Pettigrew, or Wormtail, the very same man who had betrayed his parents to Lord Voldemort. Pettigrew stared at the snake for a moment before focusing on the cauldron. He unwrapped the parcel next to the cauldron and fidgeted with the contents. Harry saw it contained a tiny, almost ethereal creature, possibly no bigger than his hand. It didn't look human, but it certainly was more humanoid than anything else he could think of. A tiny hand clutched a silver tiara with a smattering of blue gemstones on the front. There was also a small white bone and a plain goblet. Pettigrew grabbed the bone first and threw it into the boiling cauldron. It contained a thick, bubbling liquid Harry couldn't identify and it seemed to absorb the bone without anything changing. Pettigrew then drew a silver knife from his robes and, after taking one deep breath, cut off his own left hand so it fell into the cauldron below. Pettigrew then grabbed the goblet and ran with it and the knife both in his right hand over toward Harry. He slashed the knife across Harry's wrist, sending a burning jolt of pain through Harry's arm. But the magic kept him bound in place, he couldn't even scream to attempt some relief. Wormtail dropped the knife to the ground below and held the goblet under the flowing blood. After a few moments he seemed satisfied and returned to the cauldron, adding the blood to the mixture. As soon as the thick, red liquid joined the contents, the cauldron stopped bubbling and became incredibly calm. Pettigrew picked up the creature, which somehow managed to keep a grip on the silver tiara, and dropped it into the cauldron. As soon as the monster impacted on the liquid, Harry's head exploded. He'd never felt quite as much pain from his lightning bolt scar before. It immediately overwhelmed the pain in his still bleeding wrist, and it was enough to blind him for a few moments. And once his vision returned he could still see spots. He felt like he should be gasping for air, but the spell on him barely let him breath as was. He was starting to feel a little bit faint and he concentrated on staying focused on everything that was going on around him in the graveyard. His eyes turned to the cauldron, where Pettigrew had dropped the creature. It bubbled violently for a few moments, and then his greatest fear was realized. The Dark Lord that he'd stopped as a baby rose out of the cauldron, and she was naked. Harry couldn't help but stare. His mind raced. Lord Voldemort was a woman? Why had no one ever told him that detail? Granted, most people just referred to him, he paused and changed the pronoun in his head, referred to her, as 'You Know Who' or 'The One We Don't Speak Of' or something along those lines. He'd always just assumed, given the moniker of lord, that the Dark Lord was male. He thought back to his first year at school, focusing his memories on the back of Professor Quirrell's head. Whatever had possessed his first Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher had looked completely androgynous. He couldn't give it any sort of gender, as it had been little more than eyes nose and mouth. And he did not remember the features readily enough to compare it to anything. All and all it had simply looked like an abomination. And what of second year? The ghost from the diary that had controlled the basilisk had been male. But, Harry frowned at the memory. It had looked more like him than anything. Perhaps it just projected itself as an image from his mind, and not the actual Dark Lord. But when he'd been faced with a dementor, the voice he'd heard had been distinctly male. Except, he thought wryly, he couldn't have heard that voice. Had he just created a voice for a Dark Lord? He'd only been one at the time, there was no way he actually remembered that evening. It was just a culmination created from his biggest fear. His biggest fear that was now, once again, completely alive. She stepped daintily out of the iron bowl, planting her feet on the ground. She had dark hair that looked slightly lank as it fell to the middle of her back. In the pale moonlight graveyard Harry couldn't pick out a specific color for it. Wormtail immediately offered her a wand from in his robes. She took it in a slow motion, as if she was getting used to having functional arms. She rolled her neck and shoulders and moved toward the parcel, then turned her gaze to Wormtail. "Clothing," she ordered. The one single word stung Harry's scar as well. For a moment, he thought she felt it too, as her gaze shifted over to the statue he was bound against. But then she looked back at Womrtail as he produced another package from his robes, wincing as he tried to use two hands, only to realize the second wasn't there. She used magic to levitate it away from him and scoffed at the contents. Harry stared at the two of them. Voldemort was thin, and around the same height as Wormtail. Standing naked in the graveyard she did not look menacing. "Mistress-," Wormtail started. "Master," Voldemort snapped, and Wormtail took a step backward and promptly shut his mouth. This word did not send a new pain through Harry's scar. She shredded the clothing with a flick of the wand and started to transfigure pieces of it into more acceptable attire. Eventually she turned it into what Harry expected would have been a common cocktail dress in perhaps the late forties. It was entirely black had long sleeves and seemed to tie around her neck and the ruffled skirt fell to her ankles. She transfigured another piece of the clothing she'd seemed unworthy from Wormtail into shoes. Boots, Harry figured, would be more accurate. They were short and black leather and had a buckle on one side and a slight heel to them. Harry's first thought was riding boots. She lifted one leg up and the boot slid onto her foot of its own volition. She repeated the process with the other one and then bounced lightly on her toes as if testing the spells that created the clothing. "Master," Wormtail had worked up the courage to talk again. Voldemort paid next to no attention, a nearly imperceptible tilt of her head the only indications he heard him. "May I inquire what was wrong with the garments I brought, so as to better serve you next time?" To Harry's surprise, Lord Voldemort laughed. She had a high, tinkling laugh that sounded joyous. The laugh caused her pale lips to curve into a smile and the affect wasn't displeasing in profile. He'd always pictured the Dark Lord as a hideous abomination. But the woman standing there was nothing but. She wouldn't win any contests for her looks, he thought. But she was far from a hag. She had what he could best describe as a classically proportioned face and her long dark hair that fell down her back and complimented her dark eyes. She continued transfiguring clothing before she responded. She finished up by creating a long, black, hooded cloak that she deposited over one of the nearby gravestones rather than putting on. "If you think I would let you dress me, Wormtail, you're a bigger fool than I thought. I would prefer to not look like a rat," her tone was completely impassive. She waved her wand at a gravestone which turned into a mirror. She looked in it for