...a Beautiful Friendship." "Remind me why I'm helping you move, Pansy," Ginny panted as they paused on the 3rd floor landing. "Because you're my friend, and you said that you would," Pansy replied. "When did I say that?" "Last Saturday night. I asked if you would help me move today, and you agreed. I believe your exact words were 'Anything! Just don't stop! Oh God, yes!' Now pick up your end of the trunk, only two more flights to go," Pansy told her. "Promises made during sex aren't binding." "Bondage will cost you helping me strip the wallpaper. Quit your bitching, Ginny, I helped you move last year when Harry dumped you," Pansy said. "Yes, but I didn't move into a muggle building and we could use magic. Besides, you had an ulterior motive, you wanted to get into my pants," Ginny replied. "You don't seem to mind me being in there once in a while. Now pick up your end, or no orgasm for you tonight." "Really? You're trying 'Mistress Pansy' on me in public, in a muggle building?" Pansy stepped around the trunk, and backed Ginny up against the wall, pressing their bodies firmly together. "Yes," Pansy whispered, "now be a good girl and help me, and Mama spank, okay?" She squeezed Ginny's bum. Ginny swallowed. "Okay..." A few minutes of strenuous labor later, they dragged the trunk into Pansy's flat. "Dammit!" Ginny said as she collapsed onto the couch. "What?" "We could have used a spell to make the trunk lighter, nobody would have noticed that," Ginny said in disgust, "I should have thought of it." "I did think of it," Pansy told her. "Then why didn't you do it?" "I figured you could use the exercise," Pansy answered. "You're a bitch, Pansy. You know that, right?" "I do. But you love me anyway, right?" Pansy replied with a grin. "Yeah, I guess I do. Merlin knows why, 'cause I sure as hell don't." "It's because I don't ask you to be anyone other than who you are. I can be a bitch, you can be a pain in the arse. Neither of us takes any crap from anyone. For some reason, it works," Pansy said. "Oh, and the sex is great." "Maybe so. I'm using magic to strip the wallpaper. Just so you know." "Fine. What do you want for lunch?" "Beer. Is there a decent pub around here?" Ginny asked. "There's one a couple blocks away that has decent food and great beer. The clientele tends to be on the rowdy side, though. It's likely that we'd get hassled a little, one way or another," Pansy told her. "Muggle place?" "Yes." "I'm too tired to fend off a bunch of people when I can't hex them. Is your fireplace connected?" "Not yet. The clerk in the Floo office remembers me from school, and apparently isn't a fan of mine," Pansy said. "I'll get Percy to straighten it out for you. He likes to throw his weight around at the Ministry. Also, he just iloves/i rules, so as long as your paperwork is in order there won't be a problem." "One of your brothers is going to help me? That's a shock, I thought they all hated me." "George pretty much hates everybody since Fred died. Percy, Bill, and Charley don't have a problem with you and me being friends, although they were surprised. Ron hates you though, all those Quidditch songs really got to him," Ginny explained. "I thought 'Weasley is Our King' was pretty good." "It was, even though I didn't appreciate it at the time. Ron can be a bit of a git when he's being overprotective of me, but he really helped Harry get through the breakup, and he's a great keeper now." "Yeah, he is. The arsehole cost me a hundred galleons on the last Cannons/Harpies match. You're buying lunch," Pansy said. "I'm helping you move. I'm getting your floo problem sorted, and you expect me to buy lunch because Ron's save beat the Harpies?" "And they say Granger is the smart one! Got it in one, Ginevra." "Fine, then. But I pick the place. We're going to The Hogshead. Let's wash up and get out of here, I'm ready for a beer or three." Ginny rose from the couch, and headed to the bathroom. She looked back over her shoulder at Pansy. "A cheap bitch, at that," she said with a grin. "I won't deny it. Because who else but a bosom buddy..." Pansy began. "...will tell you how rotten you are." Ginny finished with a grin. Pansy shook her head slowly at the unlikely fact that she and Ginny Weasley were friends now. Very special friends, at that. It had started simply, a few years after the war, in Diagon Alley. Ginny came out of Fortescue's and collided with Pansy, and her ice cream wound up on the footpath. XXXXXX "Sorry, Weasley, that was my fault. I wasn't watching where I was going. Let me buy you a replacement," Pansy said. Ginny eyed her narrowly. "Why would you do that? What are you up to, Parkinson?" Pansy shrugged. "Maybe I've grown up a little, maybe I'm tired of old school rivalries, or maybe it's just a whim. In any case, I'm not up to anything. What do you say we try letting bygones be bygones?" Ginny had cautiously agreed, and had been surprised to find that Pansy was a pretty interesting person, and capable of being quite pleasant company. "I've got to go," Pansy had said after her ice cream was finished. "Thanks for giving me a chance, Weasley. For what it's worth, I never really hated you back in school, it was just a fucked-up time all the way around." "It was that. I have to say that I really did hate you, but I didn't actually know you, I guess. Not that we ever had a chance to get acquainted. 'Fucked-up' may be understating those days, frankly. Bygones it is, but it might be a while before Harry gets to that point, Parkinson." "That seems likely. Well, I can't blame him for that, but tell him I said thanks for what he did. The world is a better place without old snake-face in it. And it's Pansy, if you want." "I'll tell him, Pansy, and you can try Ginny for me, unless you'd rather stick with 'Weaslebitch'," she said. "It does have a nice ring to it, but I'll go with Ginny unless you piss me off." "Right. Thanks for the ice cream, Pansy." "Hell, I owed you that one. We'll try it again without the collision sometime. Later, Ginny." Ginny watched Pansy leave, and mulled over the recent events. "Huh..." she said softly, and finished her ice cream. XXXXXX "You did what?" Harry asked, clearly not believing his ears. "I had ice cream with Pansy Parkinson today," Ginny repeated. "But - why?" "She bumped into me outside Fortescue's and I dropped my ice cream. She bought me another," she explained. "That doesn't sound like the Parkinson I remember," Harry said. "She seems to have changed. She was actually good company. Oh! She wanted me to thank you for killing Voldemort." "Pansy thanked me?" Harry asked. "Yes." "Pansy Parkinson ?" he persisted. "Yes." "She's up to something," Harry said flatly. "Could be, but I don't think so, Harry. I actually look forward to seeing her again, and I'm just as surprised as you are." "I doubt that. Be careful, Ginny. I don't like this, and I don't trust Parkinson." "Duly noted. Come on, we're having dinner at The Burrow tonight..." "Ginny did what ?" bellowed Ron. "She had ice cream with Pansy Parkinson," Harry repeated. "Why are you making such a big deal of this? She bumped into me and made me drop my ice cream. She bought me some more. It's what people do," Ginny said tiredly. "People, not Parkinson," Ron shouted. "She tried to give Harry to Voldemort! She was mean to me! 'Weasley is Our King', my arse!" "Yeah, well that was a long time ago, Ron. Nurse a grudge all you want to, but don't expect me to do the same, okay?" Ginny said. "No, it's not okay. You're fraternizing with the enemy, you are!" "And here we go again," muttered Ginny. "That's enough, children," Molly scolded. "The war is over, and building bridges is a noble idea. You haven't invited her to visit here, though, have you Ginny?" "Of course not. For crying out loud, it was just ice cream. And Pansy's not as bad as we thought, at least not now, anyway. You all don't have to give her another chance, but I'm going to." XXXXXX It was a bit more than a week after what Ron referred to as "The Ice Cream Betrayal" that Ginny next crossed paths with Pansy, and it was again in Diagon Alley. As it was a popular shopping area for magical folk, and not all that large a place, that was not to be wondered at. And so neither of them did, although Ron would doubtless have suspected some sort of devious Slytherin plot. "Oy, Pansy," Ginny called out, and Pansy stopped and turned around. The scowl on her face turned to a smile when she saw Ginny. "Hi, Ginny, it's good to see you," Pansy said. "Well, that's a relief. For a moment there I thought you were going to jinx me." "Sorry about that, it was nothing to do with you. I just got shunned by Draco and his mother. They walked right by me without even acknowledging my greeting. Looked right through me, in fact." "How come? I thought you and Draco were kind of a thing back in school," Ginny asked. "I suppose the Malfoys are trying to make over their public image. They can't be seen being friendly with the girl who tried to give Harry Potter to you-know-who. And Draco and I never got as close as he wanted to, and that pissed him off." "Screw them, then. Like they were angels on the side of light and goodness themselves. I wonder if they've managed to get Draco's mark removed yet?" Ginny replied. "Nope. That thing's never coming off," Pansy said with a grin. "Serves him right. Come on, I'll buy the ice cream this time." "I'd rather have a drink, if that's okay with you. I shouldn't let stuff like that get to me, but it's still a little upsetting," said Pansy candidly. "Understandable. Let's go to the Leaky, it's nearly lunchtime anyway, right?" "I could eat, yeah." In the cool, dark interior of the Leaky Cauldron, no one seemed to notice Ginny Weasley and Pansy Parkinson having lunch and a pint together, or care if they did. The beer, food, and company soon enough cleared Pansy's bad mood, and the two of them relaxed and talked. "So what have you been doing since school, Pansy?" Ginny asked. "Mostly working, I'm a potions researcher at St. Mungo's." "Really? I didn't know you were interested in potions." "No reason you should; it's not like we were friends in school. I was a little surprised myself, in point of fact. Snape could be a bastard, but I learned a lot from him. He was right about the 'softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes', it's fascinating. How about you?" "Reserve chaser for the Harpies. I'll likely move up next season, but frankly, Quidditch is getting a little old. I just don't get excited about the game anymore. Not sure what else I could do, though. I don't really fancy working at the Min, even though dad and Percy have offered to get me on there." "You're a really good chaser. I've always loved watching you fly," Pansy said. "Of course, I could never admit that to anyone back in school." "Of course not," agreed Ginny. "You know, apart maybe from meeting Harry, school kind of sucked." "It damn sure did,