Midnight Moon The full moon hung heavy in the midnight sky this evening in May. The bright circle in the sky and the disappearance of four members of the Gryffindor house-her friends to be specific-had been one of the first signs that something was wrong. Rei had only stumbled upon this secret at the end of her fourth year at Hogwarts, and it had shocked her beyond belief, but somehow it had also made sense. The blurred waters had suddenly become clear and she was sure of what her role would be in this adventure. It was only when she had moved into her fifth year that she actually began to do something about it. And by her sixth year she had perfected it. It had been a long and gruelling year of studying various potions and moving forward in her studies towards becoming a healer in an attempt to help her dear friend. It was only towards the end of her fifth year did she realise that Remus Lupin was more than a friend to her. He was someone that she loved, unconditionally, and the thought scared her beyond belief. But it didn't stop her from her quest. Rei sat in the downstairs girl's lavatory that was mostly abandoned since the death of Moaning Myrtle years before she attended Hogwarts, brewing potions and healing balms that would ease pain and heal wounds. She then hunted around Hogsmeade for the finest of chocolates only to find that there wasn't anything that great. So she made it her business to find some in her quaint hometown during the Christmas period. She was lucky enough to stumble upon a family owned vintage chocolatier that had all kinds of delicious desserts on their menu, only to find out that they didn't sell the chocolate that they used. But after a lot of bargaining and begging, she was able to get a few blocks for free for spending some time helping the old couple that owned the business sort through their finances and organise their paperwork. It had taken a long time but it had definitely been worth it. She had nearly a box full of authentic Swiss dark chocolate that was bitter to taste, but when it melted in your mouth it left a smooth decadent taste that had you wanting more. If she had to say so herself, it definitely had healing properties, and though she set some aside for Remus for his time of the month, she had done so for herself as well, not sharing it with any of her dorm mates when they had asked because it was just too good. It was now nearing the middle of her sixth year at Hogwarts, and this marked the eighth month that she had been sending these care packages to the sandy blond she had eyes for, and she had patted herself on the back for keeping it a secret for so long. At first she had been afraid that Remus or any one of his friends would have found out, but they hadn't. Whether they were just that oblivious or perhaps turning a blind eye didn't matter, as long as they didn't call her out on it, she would continue doing it. So she sat there on the floor of the room of requirement where she had stashed the monthly goods, preparing a small box covered in parchment, grumbling to herself about why she hadn't started sooner. It was the night of the full moon and usually she had placed the care package in his room at least a day before to avoid being caught by any of the marauders, or any other members of her house for that matter. It was tricky business but she always managed to get it done either with the help of a disillusionment charm or more recently, her transfigured form. Of course she would be a small tawny brown cat. She had worked on being able to become an animagi for months on end, and it was a lot of trial and error but she had got there in the end. At first it had been a dare from a friend of hers, who had soon told her not to go through with it once she saw that Rei was serious about it, knowing the dangers of being an unregistered animagi, but Rei had gone through with it, and it was the best thing she could have ever done for herself. It was exhilarating and it was certainly handy when you needed to get in or out of situations that you had very little control over. Her dearest friend Serena had felt guilty but she too was excited to see that Rei was able to do it in the end. Serena had been her friend since they were kids, both being muggle born and receiving letters to attend Hogwarts, the school of witchcraft and wizardry. It had been an amazing and rare event that both who had been childhood confidants were to receive invitations to the grand school due to the magical blood running through their veins. The only person who knew about her little secret was Serena and for that she was grateful. She knew that Serena was one to keep quiet and would never spill the beans, so it gave her peace of mind that she had the support of her friend. But the nagging also came along with it. Serena had been trying for months to get Rei to confess to Remus, and on many occasions she had tried to set them up together, but Rei was far too shy to go through with it. The clock chimed at the stroke of midnight, the sound shocking Rei from her concentration on tying up the package perfectly. "Guess this is good enough," Rei said to herself, looking at the half bow that was formed. She had run out of the thin rope she had used to tie it together and figured it didn't really matter considering that Remus would open it soon after he returned from his escapades. She grabbed the checklist sitting on the desk next to her and went through it, making sure everything was in there. Healing balm. Draught of peace. Swiss dark chocolate. Spare bandages. A small jar containing herbal tea leaves that are meant to sooth the soul (literally). Satisfied that she hadn't missed a thing, she pulled out her wand from her pocket and pointed it at the box. "Diminuendo." The charm was instantaneous, shrinking the object to be the size of a sugar cube. She then took a step back, putting her wand back in its previous spot, holding the care package in one hand gently as she walked through the halls of Hogwarts at night, and back to her common room. She whispered the password to the fat lady in the portrait hole, ignoring the glare the old woman gave her, especially since she had been out and about at night, but she hadn't cared about it. Rei entered the common room to feel the warmth of the fireplace crackling, but no one awake, giving her the perfect advantage to sneaking up to the marauders room. She carefully opened the door once clambering up the stairs to see the mess of a room it was. It was easy to spot Remus's bed, it was the one that was the tidiest and had the largest pile of books stacked on the side table, so much so that it was nearly toppling over. She smiled at the sight, especially when she recognised a few of the names, grinning at his choice of literature. She then placed the package on the bed, and pulled her wand out once more, whispering the counter-charm. "Engorgio." The package returned to its original size after having been shrunk, and her job was done. It was then that she heard the creaking of footsteps and she panicked, not knowing where to flee. "Shit," She cursed under her breath, looking around for a place to hide, wracking her brain for an idea. It was then at the bloody last second that she realised how stupid she was. In an instant, Rei was gone, and a small cat took her place, hiding behind the bed, the small head poking out to see who was walking up and into the room. In came James Potter and Sirius Black tumbling into the room, with groans and moans of how it had been such a tiring night, Potter complaining in particular about how he had to run Quidditch practice in the morning bright and early. Rei was happy that the two were so distracted and she was just about to make her escape when the door shut and her exit was gone. She let out a strangled meow sound, unable to help herself in this form and it was then that the two boys were alerted to the new addition to their room. "Um Sirius, I know it's been a bloody long night, but is there really a cat in our room?" James asked, nudging his mate in the side from where he had been focused on pulling his shoes off. Sirius looked up and his eyes fell on the form of a little cat, one that he hadn't seen before in Gryffindor tower before. He blinked once and the cat was still there so he figured it was real. "It's real," Sirius replied. "How the hell did it get up here? I didn't see it follow us in." Sirius frowned. His eyes then moved around the room, falling on Remus's bed where there was yet another one of those care packages. It definitely hadn't been there before they had left because Remus had been down in the dumps and complaining how it was too good to be true. Usually the mysterious box turned up a day before his transformation, but this month it had been missing. Suddenly, the gears began to turn in his head and he wondered if this cat was the one who brought it up. "I might be insane throwing this out here, but what if that cat is the one?" Sirius asked on a whim. "The one?" James asked in confusion, pushing his glasses further up the bridge of his nose until realisation hit him. " Oh , you mean Remus's one ?" James asked in clarification. Sirius grinned when he noticed the cat's eyes widen suddenly and he knew this was no ordinary cat. It was giving him that same look that James gave him when he was transformed, the slightest cue or hint that they weren't truly animalistic beings. "Of course." " Maybe ," James said, tilting his head and looking at the frightened cat. "Or it could be that someone in the tower left their door open and their cat ran wild and free?" "Could be, but that box wasn't on the bed when we left a few hours ago. I don't know, it seems a bit suss." "Well if this little cat is who you think it is, what can we do about it? It's not like we can force them out of their animagi form." "Not with a spell perhaps but with our words," Sirius said. He walked over to his bed, stuck his hand under the mattress and pulled out the marauders map. He tapped his wand on the map and whispered the words softly, unlocking it, his eyes quickly darting to where he was standing now with James and the little cat in the room. "Rei Waters," Sirius read out on the map, unable to contain a grin. "Oh my god, it's been you this entire time!" James exclaimed, nearly toppling over his own two feet in excitement. A burst of laughter came from Sirius throat and soon the two were cracking themselves up, going red in the face with laughter. Rei was offended and let out what was meant to be perceived as a