Lovesick If you had told Sirius Black at the beginning of his first year at Hogwarts that he would fall head over heels for a muggle-born Hufflepuff, he would have laughed in your face, and then most likely would have spouted some pureblood propaganda bullshit that his abusive parents had drilled into him since he was a child. But now, if you had told sixth year Sirius Black that he would be lovesick over Rowan Carter, the stubborn and loyal Hufflepuff prefect that was close childhood friends with Remus then he wouldn't bat an eye. Because this was no longer a hypothetical, it was the god awful truth, no matter how much he wanted to deny it. And his friends made sure he remembered it, particularly this morning. He had just been enjoying his breakfast, chewing on a piece of toast and jam, his grey eyes focused on said girl who was sitting on the table across from him, down to the left, giving him the perfect view of her as she sat with her friends, laughing over tea. She glanced over at him suddenly and he hadn't expected to be caught staring at her so openly, and was shocked when her brown irises met his, and the even more so when she gave him a heart-warming smile causing him to bite down on his tongue in surprise. The pain that erupted in his mouth was then enough for him to jerk his arms, dropping his toast on his plate, his elbow jutting out and knocking James in the stomach by accident, which had then caused his best mate to spill pumpkin juice on the both of them. "Oh, come on, Pads!" James groaned, holding his hands out on the table to prevent dripping more of the juice on his uniform that had been freshly washed and ironed. "This is the third time this week!" "Yikes," Peter muttered from where he sat directly across from them, popping a grape in his mouth. Remus hadn't even bothered looking up from where he was reading the paper and instead, picked his wand out of his pocket, whispering a spell and with the wave of his wand, the two marauders were clean, no sign of spilt pumpkin juice about at all. "Thanks, Moony," James said, patting down his now dry shirt before glaring at Sirius who sat next to him. He knew that his best mate was head over heels for the Hufflepuff prefect, but he didn't realise it was this bad until the week had begun… and it was only Wednesday! "Sorry, Prongs. I bit my tongue, and then-," Sirius apologised, beginning to sort of explain the situation but James held his hand up for Sirius to stop, pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose from where it had slipped down during the pumpkin juice debacle of the year. "And then, Rowan looked at you and your heart exploded and caused you to go spastic," James finished. "Yeah, I know. It's been like that all week." "Hey, it's not that bad!" Sirius defended with a scoff, but his grim expression softened as he realised it really was that bad. He was just in a little place called denial. But it's not like he could help it. She was intelligent, beautiful and from the small conversations he had held with her, he hung onto every word that fell of her lips. He was in all senses of the word, lovesick. "No, it is that bad," Remus commented, looking up for the first time that morning. "You're almost as bad as James when it comes to Lily." "Ha," Sirius said. " Almost is better than worse," The dark haired marauder pointed out. "True, but you need to get a hold of yourself," Peter said, stretching his arms over his head. "I just saw her laugh her heart out when she saw your reaction." Sirius glowered at Peter and didn't dare glance back in Rowan's direction should he be subject to further embarrassment. He really wanted to impress her, but he was sure so far all he had done was made a fool of himself. "Did she really?" "Yup," Peter said. "But in that way that makes you feel like she was laughing with you, not at you. She's a sweetheart like that," Peter sighed, resting his chin in his hand. Even he could admit that Rowan was a beauty, and if he didn't know that Sirius was so serious about her, he would go after her himself. "Not your sweetheart," Sirius bit back in a grumbled tone. "Ooh, might want to back off there Wormtail, or Pads might bite off your head. He's a bit overprotective, kind of like a dog when it comes to marking their territory," James winked, the boys laughing at his joke. "Sod off." Sirius pushed James away playfully but it just caused him to laugh some more. It was nice to have the tables turn for once, and tease his friends instead of have all of the teasing directed at him. "She's looking at you right now," James said, and before he had even finished his sentence Sirius had turned back to see if she was, glowering at James when he saw that she was in deep conversation with the person sitting in front of her. "You're a prat, you do know that right?" Sirius growled, his cheeks warming with embarrassment. " Hey ! I resent that. If I'm gonna be a prat, I'm going to be King of the prats okay," James said sarcastically. "Good to see you're finally catching on, Potter," Lily laughed heartily with Marlene as they walked by the Gryffindor table as they were just leaving after breakfast. "Ouch, you wound me, Evans," James said, pressing his hand to his heart, his face cringing as though he was in pain, but it was hard to keep a smile off his face when he was looking at his Lily. "Good," She said curtly before leaving, causing a frown to settle on James face. "At least someone put you in your place," Sirius mumbled. "Come on, we're going to be late to transfiguration, you can ogle Rowan in class." Sirius rolled his eyes, but got up from his chair following his friends out of the great hall, berating himself for being so oblivious with his feelings, but he couldn't help it, there was just something about her that was dragging him in deeper and deeper and he wasn't about to fight it. Potions had been a success that morning, much better than transfiguration which she had first. It had been hard to avoid the gaze of Sirius Black that seemed to follow her throughout the entire class, leaving Rowan flustered. She had caught his gaze that morning at breakfast, and gave him a smile because he had looked so cute with his ruffled hair as he chewed on his toast, and then she had laughed as he accidentally spilled his pumpkin juice over both himself and James in surprise. She had thought it was endearing and it made her heart warm at the sight. But the look he was giving her this morning in transfiguration was so different , and his heated gaze was making her nervous sending butterflies fluttering in her stomach and making her overthink every move she made should he be watching her. So it had been a nice escape to leave and go to Potions where she didn't have to worry about making a fool of herself in front of him, allowing her to give her studies undivided attention. Rowan was pleased with herself, proud that she had been able to replicate the draught of the living death perfectly. It was one that she had always struggled with but her trusty partner Elias from Ravenclaw seemed to know what he had been doing and was more than happy to explain everything as they went, and they managed to brew it perfectly. Most of the class had cleared out already everyone moving to their next subject, but Rowan had taken her time to clear up her desk and clean out the cauldron letting Elias go early as a thanks for the work that day. This meant that she left on her own, walking the now quiet hallway as she had a free period in between classes. Usually this wasn't an issue, but these were dark times that were approaching, and being a muggle-born walking the castle alone wasn't the greatest idea she had ever come up with. Rowan was walking by minding her own business, making a mental list of things she had to get done when laughter suddenly bubbled up behind her. She turned her head to glance back only to see that it was a group of Slytherin's that she had run into before. She didn't know most of their names and she didn't care, but she recognised these three more than she would like to. She noted that it was Malfoy, Nott and one of the Lestrange sisters accompanying them in the middle. Which one though she didn't know, only that it was the sister that wasn't as big of a psychopath as the other dark haired witch. "Filthy little mudblood," Malfoy scoffed as they walked past Rowan, shoving her shoulder as they did so. Rowan glowered at them and chose to ignore it. She could deal with their pathetic words, they didn't bother her too much these days. A name only had power if one feared its meaning. She continued to walk on to her destination which she now decided would be the library so she could squeeze some more studying in, but suddenly they had started to talk louder and she knew it was on purpose. "I can't believe trash like her is still allowed to enter Hogwarts," Nott scoffed. "Can you believe that Black was staring at her this morning like she was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen," Malfoy laughed. "Idiot spilled pumpkin juice all over himself." "Clearly my cousin is blind," Lestrange commented, her voice like ice. "He obviously didn't inherit common sense with the Black name." "He's a wretched blood traitor, that's what he is," Malfoy sneered. "Him and the lot of his friends, they're all pathetic. They aren't any better than the dirt that these mudblood's walk on." "That's enough," Rowan spoke, her voice steady and strong as she turned to face them, a fierce glare directed at them. They seemed surprised that she had reacted at all. They had done this many a time before, but she never responded to their antics, holding her head high as she walked away from them, but this time something was different. A glint of mischief was alit in Malfoy's eye at her obvious displeasure. "Did I hit a nerve there, mudblood ?" "Call me whatever childish names you wish, but don't put down Sirius for having a heart unlike you cowardly snakes who seem to think that incestuous relations happen to make a witch or wizard more pure than someone else," Rowan said, her words as sharp as a knife. She could see the particular way it had hit Lestrange for she grimaced and looked away. Rowan wanted to laugh, especially considering she was the one with a ring on her finger, engaged to Malfoy, who she was sure had some blood relation to the Lestrange's somewhere along the line. "Watch your tongue!" Nott jumped to Malfoy's defence. "How dare you speak to us like that? Do you know who we are?" "Yes, Nott. I know who you are, three wretched human beings that aren't worth the time of day," Rowan said, sticking her hand into her pocket, her fingers grasping her wand tightly. She had a feeling she knew where this conversation would end. "I think we ought to teach her a lesson," Malfoy said. "Don't you think?" Nott hummed in agreement but Lestrange just watched calmly moving to stand behind