First Glance AU: In which there is no war with Voldemort, just a bunch of kids, being kids. If there was one thing that Ava loved about the Hufflepuff common room it was the smell of cinnamon and freshly brewed English breakfast tea that always seemed to hang in the air, the scent practically stuck against the soft cushions of the warm yellow couches. This paired with the comfortable warmth of the crackling fireplace made a dangerous pairing for her. It tended to morph from a graceful saviour into her greatest downfall, for she usually would find herself curled up in a single worn out arm chair, with a hand-knitted blanket draped over her feet as she delved into the world of a new classical novel she had picked upon her travels during the holidays in between studying at Hogwarts. So that is why Ava decided to have some self-control and spend the day studying in the grand and magical library she had in such close proximity. Whenever she stepped foot into the library, she would find herself in a world of focus and that was exactly what she needed right now with the mountain of work she had to get through, not to mention the fact that her N.E.W.T examinations that were fast approaching. She hadn't realised how much content she had to get through, the workload creeping up on her. What she hadn't expected was for the once quiet library to be filled with students, especially considering it was a Saturday, and for most, a day of playful Quidditch between houses. With a heavy sigh, she squeezed herself through the crowds, being careful not to trip over bags or books that had been thrown carelessly aside before she found the aisle she had been looking for. With the wave of her wand, the few books she needed were now floating beside her and she was quick to borrow them with the intention of heading down to the Black Lake where she hoped it would be quieter. There were only a spare few students down at the lake, a few she recognised, some she did not. She had the day to herself, her two friends had decided to spend their day playing chess with the Ravenclaw's in a student competition that was being held today. Ava was glad, because it meant a day to herself to do what she pleased, not that she didn't love her friends Jazmin and Winn, but she wasn't keen on watching a bunch of people play chess in silence for a few hours considering it wasn't even magical chess. Shaking the thoughts from her head, she let out a sigh, locating a free spot by the lake. She placed her bag down by a great willow tree nearby and sat down, ruffling through the old rucksack til she found the book she had been looking for. With a determined grin she began to read up on her divination studies, trying her best to wrap her head around the concepts. Hours had seemed to have gone by and Ava was confident in her ability to pass her divination quiz that would be coming up on Monday. She pushed the book aside with a yawn before standing up and stretching, not noticing the stares she was receiving from across her left where the Marauders were too studying. Ava had unintentionally caught the eye of Sirius Black and he watched as she performed her defensive charms for DADA. What she hadn't realised was that it wasn't the first time. They had been practicing Patronous charms in class, but Ava had been unable to produce one as of yet. Small wisps of white light would escape the tip of her wand, but she had yet been able to produce a complete corporeal Patronous which was disappointing on more than one hand. Sirius had been watching her from across the way, his friends too busy to notice that he had gone quiet. Remus's nose was buried in a book as he memorised fifty or more protective charms that they had been prescribed as homework. Peter was keeping himself occupied as he lay on the grass, an apple in one hand, taking the occasional bite from the crunchy red lady, his wand in the other had as he practiced the movement of his wand for a particularly difficult charm that he hadn't been able to master in class. And James Potter, was lying flat on his stomach, his head propped up by his hands, as he sighed longingly, his eyes staring longingly at the love of his life, Lily Evans who was sitting by a nearby tree, her long legs stretched out before her, and a few friends by her side as they giggled and studied for their exams. Though James had been staring at Lily, he had also been paying attention to Sirius who had previously been ranting off to him about how terrible his life at home had been these past few months, what with his mother being a cold hearted dictator, and his father an abusive arse who was forcing him to attend all sorts of ridiculous pureblood events and dinners over the holidays, leaving Sirius bored out of his mind. But suddenly, the chatter in his ear had stopped and though it took him a few moments to snap out of gazing at the love of his life, he turned to see that something, or better yet, someone was now occupying Sirius's time. A grin formed on James lips as he saw Sirius watch the girl across from them practice what was an obvious attempt at trying to create a Patronous. He pushed his glasses up on the bridge of his nose and squinted a little, and suddenly the recognition set in. "Nice work mate," James commented, shoving Sirius's shoulder playfully. The movement and sudden sound had also alerted Remus and Peter who had turned their attention back to their friends. "What are you talking about?" Sirius asked. "Ava Zhang," James said simply. "She's in our divination class." "No, you're thinking of Eliza that's in our divination class," Remus corrected. "Ava is in our transfiguration and charms class. I don't know how you could confuse the classes up considering you barely even turn up to divination." " Oh, oops," James said, sitting up. "But, again, not the point." James turned his head to look back at Sirius. "Were you checking her out?" "No," Sirius scoffed. He wasn't. He was just trying to figure out what she was doing, and in all honesty he felt bad for her. It was a particularly hard thing to achieve a corporeal Patronous, he would know after all it did take him a while to create one of his own and he had been practicing yonks before they even began covering the topic in class. He ran a hand through his hair and did his best to act casual. As far as his friends knew, this was the first time he had ever given Ava attention like the way he had just. But in reality, he had his eye on her for a while now, noticing her sitting in the back of the room in their transfiguration classes, even more so since their encounter in the forest, the one he vaguely mentioned to his friends over a month ago. "So then what's with the eyes you were giving her earlier?" Remus asked. Though he had his nose in his book, he had been looking up every now and then and he too caught the unusual behaviour. It wasn't news that Sirius was well acquainted with the female population of Hogwarts, but they all knew it was a cover, a mask he wore. But that look in his eye, it had been one that Remus had never seen before. It was one that he saw James frequent when he was speaking to Lily. "What look? I have no idea what you're talking about," Sirius denied, crossing his arms defensively. "It's the same dumb struck look that James gets when he looks at Lily," Remus said. " Ha , it totally is," Peter chimed in. "You don't fancy her do you?" Peter asked, leaning forward in curiosity. "No." "Yes," James said at the same time as Sirius. "You do! I've never seen you look at a girl like that before." Suddenly a chat that he had with his best mate a few weeks ago came back to him. "Is she the girl that you were talking about before? The one that sat with you as Padfoot last month?" James asked, suddenly sitting up straighter in excitement. "Yeah, she is," Sirius grumbled, looking away from his friends. The reason why he hadn't said anything about his growing crush on Ava to them was because he knew that nothing would come of it. He was so messed up and she was this pure young woman who had shown him kindness once and he wasn't going to ruin any of that. Plus the added fact that he knew James would tease him relentlessly after the way he had done so with Lily. " Oh mate, you are so in lov-," James didn't get to finish his word because Sirius had raised his hand, whispering silencio, the wandless magic leaving James unable to speak. "Shut up," Sirius said. "Why don't you go and talk to her at least? Show her some pointers. Her wand movements all wrong, and if she isn't using a strong enough memory, then there's no way she'll be able to create a Patronous," Remus suggested, removing the spell that Sirius had cast over James. "Yeah, why not? Nothing to lose right? Not like you fancy her or anything," James said with a knowing grin. Sirius rolled his eyes at his friend's antics. "Fine." "Peter, make sure James doesn't do anything stupid, like yell out anything inappropriate." "You mean like that time he yelled out-," Peter was just about to finish his sentence, but Remus sent him a wide eyed look, shaking his head and motioning for Peter to stop and he closed his mouth, giving an awkward laugh instead. "Yeah, sure," Peter finished lamely. "Ugh, this isn't working," Ava huffed, rubbing the side of her temples with her fingers, her wand resting behind one of her ears. "Having a bit of trouble there?" A pleasant voice asked, the baritone smooth and rich, sending shivers down her spine. It was a voice that she knew meant trouble. She turned around, doing her best to keep her expression relaxed and neutral in the face of Sirius Black, aka the guy she had been crushing on since third year, but knew that nothing would ever come of it. It was her secret crush that she and only she could indulge on, knowing that it was a dream that would never come true. She had spoken to him a handful of times, mostly in class and at times on the quidditch, but they were in no way friends, merely acquaintances. "Just a tad," Ava admitted, grabbing her wand once more and holding it by her side. "Have you managed to master this insane charm?" "As a matter of fact, I have," Sirius said, a smile growing on his face when he saw a mixture of surprise and exasperation appear on her face. "Wicked," Ava breathed out. "Honestly, I've been trying for the most part of the day and all I can manage to get out are these tiny pathetic wisps of white light and nothing more." "I happened to notice that and decided to come and give you a few pointers." He cringed internally at how pompous he had sounded, but clearly Ava had thought it was him trying to be funny. "Oh did you now?" Ava asked, tilting her head to the side. "You best be careful there Sirius, you're starting to sound like a Ravenclaw, I thought you were a Gryffindor." "Hey, we Gryffindor folk