Perfectly, Imperfect Jazmin Thorne came from a prestigious pureblood family, of which each member had attended Hogwarts, all of them residing in Ravenclaw. So of course, when she was placed in Gryffindor upon her admittance to the school of Witchcraft and Wizardry, it was just another thing that her siblings held against her, and just another disappointing quality about her in the eyes of her parents. At first it hadn't been too much of an issue, what with her excellent grades in the first few years of her schooling. But as time went on, the stresses of being a teenager, having a social life and falling hopelessly in love with your best friend all added up and she found herself struggling with the content being thrown at them by nearly every professor. Her last examination results had been delivered to her house during the Christmas holidays meaning that her parents would see them before she did. She usually wasn't worried about this, but she had a feeling that she hadn't performed her best in the last exams she had taken because of two things, 1. The workload and amount required to be studied for the exam had been ridiculous and plenty of students were struggling and 2. Because they were all struggling they decided to have a study group a few times a week, and she spent most of that time staring dreamily at Remus Lupin from the corner of the common room when no one was looking. So naturally, she was anxious about her results. But what she hadn't expected was for her family to be so disgusted by her performance. She had received two E's and the rest were A's. She was disappointed in herself because she always received O's, and rarely any E's, but this was something else. She knew that she could buckle up and study harder and that had been her plan, but her family hadn't had the same idea. She had been ostracised for the rest of her holiday, leaving her to spend most of her time holed up in her room… and it was Christmas for God's sake, but no, having poor grades meant that you weren't allowed to join in the usual festivities. Their words were hard and they put her down not only because of her intelligence but her appearance too. They liked to call her Jaz, the spaz. Jazmin didn't look like her siblings, she knew that but she never thought of herself as ugly until she had come down for Christmas dinner, and her mother turned up her nose at what she was wearing, insisting that she went to change since they were having guests over and that she couldn't appear dressed in such unsuitable clothing. This just put her self-esteem down further, but it had only gotten worse when her eldest sister made fun of her for being so short. Though she hadn't been graced with the tall stature of her blood relatives, she didn't have an issue with being short or the fact that she seemed to have a more round body type than her slim sisters. Not to mention that the thick pair of frames she had perched upon her nose were ugly in their eyes. She had grown to love her glasses, knowing it was going to be a part of her, she embraced it, but with their degrading comments it killed all the self-confidence she had taken so long to build. But there was nothing she could do but take the comments, each like a stinging hex being thrown at her, but her Gryffindor courage kept her going… for a little while at least, but by the end the torturous two week she was left with the urge to go manic. She did her best to ignore it, but when she returned to Hogwarts, her older sister Erin took it upon herself to continue the disaster that her holiday had been, leaving her only safe space being the Gryffindor common room where her Ravenclaw sister wasn't able to get to her. "Hey Jaz! You alright?" Lily asked, plopping down on the couch next to Jazmin who had a large book in her lap, reading intently with her glasses slowly slipping down the bridge of her nose. Lily smiled at her friend, finding that it was one of Jazmin's more adorable traits. "Oh, hullo, Lily," Jazmin replied with a smile as she looked up, pushing her glasses back up. "Yeah, I'm fine, why do you ask?" "You missed dinner is all," Lily said, brushing her red hair out of her face. "Oh," Jazmin said, eyes glancing down at the time on her watch, not even realising how fast time had flown by. "I just wanted to get some more studying in. It's alright, I'm not even hungry," Jazmin said but her stomach growled at that exact moment giving away her lie. "Are you sure?" Lily grinned, raising her brows. "Maybe a little, but I'll be fine. I might sneak something from the kitchen's later," Jaz said, but then the thought of eating something at a late hour and perhaps gaining a few pounds put her off, the thought triggering the memory of her mother subtly telling her that she needed to lose some weight otherwise no suitable partner would find her attractive, or admirable at all. She cringed at the thought but then tried to push it to the back of her mind, not wanting to bring it up with Lily. "So how were your holidays?" Lily asked. "They were alright, and you?" Jazmin decided it was better to lie about her home life. She had discussed it with Lily years ago, but she felt like she was whining or complaining every time she brought it up and decided to just keep it to herself. She figured if she did, maybe it would go away, maybe it wouldn't seem as real. "Utter shite," Lily groaned, just about to explain all of the ways Petunia, her older sister had found to annoy her throughout the break when suddenly a voice spoke from behind her, scaring her. "It's because you were away from me, Lily flower," James Potter sang from above the two, causing the girls to shriek, not having expected him to pop out of nowhere. "Oh, sod off, Potter!" Lily yelled, throwing a pillow from the couch directly at his face, causing his glasses to become skewed in his attempt to dodge the hit. "Bloody prat," Lily mumbled to herself. Of course with James came along tumbling the rest of the merry crew, but as per usual, Jazmin only had eyes for Remus who gave her a warm smile before sitting down in a deep red armchair across from her and Lily. "Hey Jazmin," Remus greeted politely, ignoring the conversation that Lily, James and Sirius were having in the background, that was more of a yelling contest, with Peter watching silently on the sidelines. "Didn't see you at dinner." "Yeah," Jazmin sighed internally her heart warming at the thought of Remus noticing she was gone. But then she reminded herself that they were friends, and that was a normal thing that friends noticed. "I just wanted to get in a bit of reading for potions, this morning's class was a bit- er- confusing for me," She admitted shyly, readjusting her glasses one more time, finding the movement distracting from Remus's piercing green eyes on her. "Oh, if you ever need help let me know. You can borrow my notes any time you want. The rest of them do, so you may as well use them if they help," Remus smiled. "Thanks, Remus." She wasn't sure what else to say and was saved when Lily finished yelling at James as she marched over back to Jazmin, grabbing the book out of her lap and then her wrist, pulling her towards the stairs. "Uh, Lily, where are we going?" Jazmin asked. "To our dorm, I can't stand to be in his presence any longer." "But- but I was studying!" She protested. "You can study upstairs," Lily countered, and Jazmin turned throwing a sad look at Remus, waving goodbye. He seemed to be enjoying the sight of Lily dragging her away and Jazmin turned to Lily with annoyed eyes. "But I was comfortable there," Jaz complained. " Oh come on , the only reason you wanted to stay down there was because Remus entered the room. Let's be real, I'm doing you a favour, at least this way you'll actually get some work done," Lily scoffed and Jaz let out an audible groan as they entered their room, dumping her stuff by her bed. "You know me too well." Jaz pouted, belly flopping on her bed, her glasses bouncing off her face and off to the side somewhere but she didn't care. She was hungry and exhausted, and as soon as her head hit her pillow she was out like a light. Weeks went on by and Jazmin was still struggling ridiculously with the homework assigned. There was too much of it, and the concepts were hard to grasp, leaving her studying day and night to get her head around it. Jazmin had decided to take to the library to study at night, finding it was quieter than the bustling common room. She yawned, covering her mouth and then sighed when she glanced over at the clock realising how late it was getting. But her eyes weren't able to stay awake and she was about to drop off to sleep right then and there at the corner table when the sound of a chair pulling up woke her up. She looked up to see that it was her sister Erin and she refrained from groaning aloud. "Still on that potions homework, sister?" Erin asked in a gentle tone, surprising her for once in her life. Usually Erin was sarcastic and cold and this was like seeing a different side of her. "Uh, yeah," Jazmin said lamely. "I haven't been able to get my head around it." "Don't fret. Slughorn always throws the hard stuff at you in the beginning of sixth year. It's all in preparation for your N.E. next year," Erin said. "Even I struggled, I mean, not as much as you, but it took me a while to find my bearings." "So it's not just me? I'm not stupid?" Jazmin asked, suddenly finding some relief. "No, you are stupid," Erin laughed at Jazmin's pout. "But it'll come to you eventually. It's hard work, but you seem determined to show our parents otherwise." Erin then pulled out a large heaping of parchment from her bag and dumped it on the table in front of Jazmin. "What's that?" "It's all my notes for potions from sixth year, plus a bit extra," Erin said. "You can have it." "Why are you being so nice to me?" Jazmin asked. "You were nothing but foul to me during the holidays, you and everyone else." "When we got back to Hogwarts I realised that the only reason I treated you like that was because I had gone through the same thing, but when I was suddenly accepted in their eyes I just joined them, I became the monster that I loathed," Erin said, her guilt eyes glancing away from her younger sister. "I felt guilty. I shouldn't have put you down, I should have helped you. We all know that you aren't as gifted intellectually as the rest of us, you actually have to work hard… but you have other qualities that are great. You're brave, loyal and kind. You're loyal to our family even when we treat you like crap, and I'm sorry that I was a part of that." "Wow," Jazmin breathed out. "I honestly don't know what to say other than thank you. It means a lot." "I'm glad. Also, before I forget, I have a little something extra." Erin dug her hand into her pockets, pulling out a