A.N. Hello everyone! Thank you for being patient with me while I wrote this and sticking by me. I never intended to neglect my stories so much and deeply apologise for it. I hope you enjoy my next instalment of A Life Like No Other, please leave a review or drop me a pm, I love hearing back from you and will endeavour to respond to all of you. This instalment will cover a lot and while these first few chapters will be full of a bit of background information, the story will move along pretty quickly after that and cover some intense themes, so stick by me for now if you think it is too stretched out or too fluffy for even boring. Enjoy xx A Life Like No Other: Book 2 Chapter 1 1 st May 2010 Another moving day I would gather that any family moving across a couple of states would be a daunting task, but with a family of twelve which includes eight vampires, two half vampires, and two very large shape shifting wolves, this move was giving everyone nightmares. Even the eight vampires that don't sleep were getting nightmares! Well, sort of. Our current family home in Forks, Washington, was now far too small as it was designed for eight and we had also been living in the area for far too long and becoming conspicuous so we were moving to Kalispell in Montana. I didn't want to leave my favourite place in the world, but I knew I would be returning in a few years thanks to a vision from Alice, but I will get to that later. I would only be able to return to Forks in a few years if we left now so it gave people long enough to mostly forget us and make it easier for me to start fresh later when I wanted a 'normal' life. Not many people in town knew me, and my rapid aging would mean no one would recognise me in a few years. Anyway, we were moving tomorrow, which meant I had to have my room in the cottage packed up (once again) before I went to bed tonight and I haven't even started yet. Six hours until I normally go to bed and I still had to pack my clothes, any old toys I wanted to take, all of my books (about two hundred of them), my large music collection and the biggest job; I had to clean under my bed. Just because I am faster than humans, it does not mean I don't take shortcuts when I clean my room to get it done faster. It annoys Mom to no end, but because I have technically done what she wanted and made my room look nice, she doesn't complain too much but she did tell me that I would eventually regret it, and boy has that day has come. Under my bed was a jungle of storage boxes of old toys, random bags and boxes of junk, and a few rare items that held a lot of meaning to me. I had four photo albums in one of the boxes under my bed, spanning the three and a half years of my life and also including the important parts of my family's lives; weddings, birthdays, and other special occasions like someone new joining the family. These events were all from long before I was born but I liked to look at that and see how my family were before me. My album that covered my third year of life was still unfinished, as I would not turn four for about four months but the time it did cover involved some of the biggest changes I have had in my life so far. I decided to have a break from cleaning to look through the album as I was mostly finished now and had about three hours to go. The first pages were filled with pictures of me with Addie when she was a baby, and me with my family and the pack when I was about twelve. Some of them were simple shots of groups of people posing for the photo and others were candid shots they didn't see coming. My favourite photo here was a candid one of Emmett and Addie; Emmett was holding Addie's tiny hands in his own massive ones and was swinging her around in the air. She didn't look much older than about two of three and both of them had beautiful expression of joy on their face, a wonderful father-daughter moment caught on camera. This was also the moment I discovered that I enjoyed being behind the camera far more than in front of it as I had the power to capture moments like this and keep them forever. It was a little bit like my gift really, being able to capture exactly what I wanted and show it to people in the way I wanted, except the photos were far more permanent than anything I could project and weren't limited by my imagination. That brought me to the next section of my photo album which was mainly photos I had taken myself of Forks and the surrounding areas as a way for me to remember them when I wasn't there. Some of my favourites were photos I took while we were hunting in the surrounding area as a whole family. I didn't just take the shots from standard angles but I climbed trees and boulders and laid in ditches to catch my subjects unaware. There was a series of photos of Addie 'helping' Jasper with his deer by hitting the poor animal's legs out from under it which resulted in Jasper flying clear over the deer and into Emmett, and then Addie claiming the animal for herself. That was her first official prey she had taken herself, and she was only the size of a three year old; I didn't hunt my first prey for myself until I was at least five or six! I suppose I was a bit over protected at her age because everyone thought I was fragile and going to die in a decade or two if the Volturi didn't get me first. Oh well, at least that part of my life is over now and I can pretend to have a normal life now. The next section of my album was purely 'selfies' I had taken in front of my mirror over a period of three weeks when I had a ridiculously fast growth spurt. Or I guess it was puberty really, just condensed into weeks rather than years. We first noticed I was starting to grow quickly when I looked about twelve and I started to eat a huge amount of food and I started to put on a little weight onto my gangly frame and I grew about two inches in two days. I went from the gangly proportions of a thin, athletic child, to the more filled out and rounded proportions of a teenager within ten days. I thought of taking the photos daily to make a little flip book so I could see myself grow before my eyes. Unfortunately I grew too fast and there weren't enough pictures for a flip book to work. Within a few days of this growth spurt starting I started to develop breasts and my hips became much wider, while my waist stayed fairly small, resulting in me having a great womanly figure and similarly proportioned to Rosalie, but a little thinner and quite gangly. I was still young after all. A week into the growth spurt I looked fifteen or sixteen year's old and not far behind mentally, but my body was still catching up with this growth. This was also when I started to really notice Jacob, I mean really notice him, and how tall and fit he was, and his muscly arms and body, and just how handsome he was. He consumed all of my thoughts, all day every day I thought about my Jacob and imagined falling in love with him. Dad was a little uncomfortable with hearing these thoughts though and Jasper had some issues with feeling my suddenly intense attraction but they just had to deal with it. Mom tried helping with the thoughts by shielding me whenever she could. She claimed it was good practice for her to use her gift during times when no one was in danger, making it easier for her to just pop up the shields. Dad relaxed a lot once that happened, although a few times he tensed up when Jacob was around. But Jacob wasn't around Dad too often right now. While we were in Forks he had been living back with his Dad and spending time with the pack and his sister Rachel, and his new little niece Sarah. Rachel and Emily had both given birth within a month of each other and Sarah and Elijah, Sam and Emily's son, were almost one. Even though Jacob wasn't here twenty-four-seven, I saw him every day, either I would go down to La Push, of he would come up here for the day. When I was in La Push I would often run with the boys as I had finally gained the ability to run at full vampire speed and keep up with the wolves. This was great because I was able to run patrols with the wolves so I could learn how to track different scents in a very scent rich environment like the forest. I spent a lot of time with Leah and Anna during this time. Although I had been close with Leah before, it was different because there was such a large age gap, like I was hanging around with my cool, older cousin. Now we could be more like friends, the same sort of relationship that I had with Anna. Anna was very interesting, she was Embry's little sister and they had always assumed they had different Dads. But then about a year ago she had a fight with her mom and ran into the woods to get away from her mom as she was so angry, but tripped making her angrier, to the point where she phased. No one expected her to even carry the gene as Embry got it from his dad, although they didn't know who his dad was. This lead to some interesting questions for their mom about who their father was, and the revelation that their father was actually Joshua Uley; Sam's dad. It was a relief for some of the boys because Jacob and Quil were also wondering if they were about to find out if they had a brother and sister which could have really messed up their families. Thankfully Sam was aware his father had done some shit things in the past before leaving his mother. Anna was great though, she really took to being a wolf and she and Leah even teamed up to help teach me how to fight well even though I was smaller and weaker than the average person I would possibly need to defend myself from. I could now hold my own against quite a few of the wolves and possibly my family but they didn't know I had been learning this and what they didn't know couldn't hurt them. Right? Right as I was starting to become attracted to Jacob I went through Hell on Earth, the grand finale of puberty, I started my period. Compared to my apparent age it was a little late in my development, but considering I did this all at an accelerated rate I guess it was normal. In an ordinary family it would be bad enough, but my family could smell it. They never said anything about it but the fact that I knew that they knew was bad enough. And the fact that when it actually happened Mom was out hunting with