Bella had been a bronc rider since her early teens and had been placed with friends of her parents who had died when their plane exploded mid air. The insurance and the money her grandparents had left to her. The family that took her in was rich in their own right and had not asked for monthly stipends to care for her. Bella had started out barrel racing at 13 years old and had moved on the Bronc riding and cattle wrestlin' when she was 14½. Bella had been drawn to it like a moth to a flame and had been awarded first place a dozen times since she had started. When Bella was 16 she had asked to move to Forks Washington alone she had contacted a broker who was going to show her houses over the summer and she could choose one she liked. Her guardians had agreed and had told the lawyer who handled her money to pay when she had sent him the documentation about the house. As a rule Bella wasn't spoiled or selfish she went to the local homeless shelter and brought gifts and food on holidays to keep her conscience clear of any sins. Bella flew first class to Seattle where she took a smaller plane to Port Angeles once there Bella called a cab and made her way out front to wait Bella had one Carry on, her purse and a suitcase Carry on. The Carry on, on her shoulder was filled with cash to pay for a car. When the taxi arrive she told him to take her to were ever the most car lots were and to wait with the meter running if she didn't find a car. Bella flashed her credit card from American Express. Bella walked around two Car lots before she found the perfect car. Bella talked the sales man down to 18K dollars from the 25K they were asking as Bella was filling out paperwork the guy was having them work on it he told her she should come back in 2 week and it would be done. Bella nodded leaving the dealership she had the taxi driver take her to get food and then she paid him and gave him a fifty as a tip in cash. Bella had the taxi driver drop her off at the restaurant which happened to be near several different major hotels. Bella walked into a book shop and bought a few books before walking up and paying and going back out to the taxi cab. Getting in the cab she had the driver take her to the five star hotel in town. Bella had the taxi wait while she went in and spoke to the front desk man who asked what she needed Bella told him she wanted a suite with full kitchen and a balcony. Bella paid and after getting the Key she went and retrieved her bags before going to up to her room and calling her parents who chatted for a few minutes before hanging up. Afterwards Bella called the taxi and took her purse heading downstairs the desk guy called her over telling her that her parents had called and paid for the month. When Bella got outside the taxi was their they drove to the wal-mart were Bella got food, pots and pans, plates utensils and a stack of notebooks. Bella got a months worth of food paying she got in the taxi and returned to the hotel asking the taxi to wait Bella went up stairs and found five baskets filled with gifts. One was from the hotel two were from her parents and two was from a secret admirer. The baskets from her admirer was filled with downy unstoppable in shimmer wash booster, room spray, a scent diffuser and wax burner, a candle, a light grey Henley shirt, dark grey sweats, a pair grey of ugg slippers, a pair of grey socks, a grey cardigan, one large box of Godiva milk chocolate pearls, a smaller box of Godiva truffles, their were two keep sake boxes filled with Godiva truffles and then their was a coffee cup and hot chocolate from Godiva with a pack of biscotti's, their were three journals, and a nice fountain pen and lastly a set of black Berry Vanilla bath and body works. Their was a heavy crystal etched vase with pink, white and red roses. The card inside said 'I can't wait to meet you in person, enjoy the chocolates and the roses' signed your admirer. Bella looked thru the basket quickly before putting everything back before walking out and to the elevator. Bella was going to get some clothing and other stuff before her meeting with the Realtor and the bank to prepare for purchasing the house she was interested in once that house presented itself to her and made itself known to herself and she was sure to find the perfect one soon. Bella was looking for a house in forks it needed to be out of town in an area with forestry to provide privacy and plenty of area to have guest houses and indoor pool with grill and sun roof. Bella was smart and liked people but she wanted to able to have guests and wanted to have any type of sex she wanted anytime if she desired Bella was surrogating for her parents right now since they had not been able to get pregnant no matter how hard she tried Bella would be going back to Texas via driving when she was eight months pregnant to put her parents better at ease with her delivery because Bella was not even going to breast feed after the first weeks time she wanted no contact with the child after its first week. Bella was doing this for them not for herself she loved the people who took her in and had agreed as long as their was no sex involved her first time needed to be with the person that she was being pulled towards for the last several months it was what Bella wanted and needed. When she got downstairs the front desk clerk informed her that the room was paid in full for the month and should she need anything she just needed to call to the front desk and it would be brought to her in record time. Bella thanked the desk clerk and walked out to the taxi getting in she had the driver take her to the mall. When she arrived at the mall Bella paid the taxi driver and got out she walked to the Tesla store and picked out the model she wanted they would be delivering it and letting it charge while she shopped the mall. Bella ordered a Tesla 4 door in Matte black with black and red interior the car would come with a charging adapter and when she was ready to move into her house they would bring her a charging station and install it in her garage. Bella also asked for a smart steering wheel and asked how much it would cost her. Bella paid and gave them her number to call when her car arrived. Bella was given the bill and told that she would receive paper work when she came to pick up her car. Bella walked into the mall and was looking at the map when she ran head first into what she could only describe as a brick wall Bella fell on her ass before looking up at the person she had run into as she tried to get up but it wasn't all that easy. The person she had run into grabbed her hand and pulled her up Bella dusted herself off and looked him from bottom to top. Bella stopped at his chest for a second before meeting his eyes. Bella quickly looked away quickly apologizing for running into him. He smiled and introduced himself as Carlisle Cullen. Bella smiled and apologized for running into him turning to walk away Carlisle grabbed Bella's hand to stop her from leaving him. Bella stopped and turned around looking at Carlisle who quickly released her hand and asked her if he could escort her. Bella looked up at Carlisle and then said I suppose that you could escort me. Bella was on the third floor and was going to work her way down from their Bella was going to be called when her car was delivered to the Tesla store to be charged and ready to go for when she was ready to leave. The Tesla was the roomiest model they had and it was what Bella liked. Carlisle was standing their when Bella noticed the girl standing next to him she introduced herself as Alice, Bella smiled and Alice talked about what great friends they were going to be Bella blushed and hid her face they tugging sensation had quited it was still pulling but it was like her body had found what it was seeking if not in its completeness maybe it was half of what she needed. So Bella agreed to let them walk around with her and keep her company Carlisle was a very good looking guy Bella had had to fight the urge to swoon at the sight of him when she had got caught in his unusual eyes. He was something Bella had never seen before which was something strange because Bella had seen Fairies, Mermaids, Werewolves, Trolls and even Giants. Bella was a witch who helped out any one who needed her help and always only used good magic she had only came into her powers when she had reached twelve. Bella's parents did not know about her magic or they would be very upset and possibly irrational about it so Bella had hid it and made it so people perception didn't notice any thing off about her while she was getting a grip on her powers. Bella had hated lying and figured if she moved then no one would notice her powers growing changing. Bella went to Rue 21 and bought five pairs of skinny boot cut jeans, five pairs of low rise skinny jeans, five pairs of low rise skinny boot cut jeans, and five pairs of low rise skinny Jeans with embroidery, two black knit sweaters with buttons, two grey knit sweaters with buttons, two dark green sweaters with buttons, one white knit sweater with buttons and one brown knit sweaters with buttons. Bella chose eight long sleeve tops 2 black, 2 dark blue, 2 dark green, 1 white and 1 grey all had buttons Bella also chose six slouchy sweaters 2 black, 2 pink, 2 grey. Bella went to the Chanel store and bought a purse and sunglasses they went to the journeys store and got her several pairs of shoes. Then they hit Abercrombie & Fitch before going to the Pandora. Bella bought two bracelet and charms to start with Bella chose charms that described her life and all the things she liked Bella was putting the charms on her bracelet. Bella also bought a bracelet for her mother who was always their for her Bella chose a porcelain box for it to be wrapped in. Bella would make sure it made it to her mother. Bella was done at Pandora so they went to the motherhood store and got a few things after shopping for the rest of the day Bella was tired and ready to leave Carlisle escorted her to her car and offered to drive her to her hotel Bella said ok and when they got their they parked in the spot for her and Alice parked in the spot next to her Alice pulled Bella aside and kissed her deeply. Bella wrapped her arms around her neck and cradled the back of her head and moaned. Bella made a sound of annoyance when Alice pulled away they walked hand in hand to Bella's