Bella was a normal young woman her mother had married Phil when Bella was fourteen and stayed with her mother. Bella went to school 3 months before school ended Bella decided to go live with her father. Bella had been the inheriter of her grandmother's money and property. Bella was used to taking care of herself so when while her mother and Phil left to go get boxes. Bella was reading when she heard a knock on the front door she found a guy in a suit at her door. Bella looked at him and said " can I help you ?" " Are you Miss Isabella Swan ". The man asked as she nodded he said " I need you to sign here " he pointed " here, here and here ". Bella skimmed to the document as he handed her a rectangle box stacked on top of a bankers box and said " Have a great day ." Bella took the boxes and watched as he walked towards the cab that was sitting behind a car parked near her driveway. Bella said " isn't that your car you arrived in ." Bella looked at him as he turned towards her. Bella stepped on to the porch looking at her nails. Bella was wearing Fuchsia nail polish inspecting her nails for chips as she waited for him to respond and tell her if that was his car. " No Miss if you open that rectangle box everything is inside ." Bella opened the rectangle box and dumped the contents in to her hand as the man got into the cab. Bella looked at the keys in her hands before walking into the house shutting the door taking the boxes she set them on her bed dumping the contents on the bed and took the envelope which fall out along with all of the boxes that were inside the rectangle box. Bella opened the envelope and found the title to the car, the registration, the bill of sale and some other papers. Bella picked up the second envelope and opened the folded sheets of papers and sitting on the bed. Bella sat up straighter as she read the pages of the hand written letter to her. " Dear Isabella, I am sitting here writing this letter to you. We haven't met yet but one day we will meet and once we have met I hope you will find me to your liking I have been anticipating our meeting for a very long time and observing you once in a blue moon keeping your secrets and caring for you with great intention of soon taking you out on a date to an expensive restaurant dressing you up and showing you a life you deserve. I keep you forever in my heart and my mind and with the fondest affection I declare my intentions to court you and if it progresses make you mine. I wait with the hope that you will accept my gift and if you wish to write my back you may do so by leaving a sealed envelope hidden at your favorite spot the one in the library and If you don't wish to respond I will understand I will be your Guardian Angel until I am no longer needed. Sincerely yours, B" Bella read all of the rest of the letters all dated and in chronological order by the date they were written the scrawling script was elegant afterwards she placed them back in the envelope. Bella sat on the bed for a minute before going thru the rest the stuff in the boxes finding jewelry of all types but all expensive. Bella unwrapped the bankers box and opened it inside was a laptop, mouse, tablet, cell phone, extra chargers for all the electronics, a iTunes card, a wallet, purse, a tank top, jeans, a long sleeve shirt, belt, beanie cap, socks, lingerie and a leather jacket in dark brown and high heel boots that laced up. Bella found another note which read " wear this the next time you go to the library and I will know you are contemplating a relationship ." Bella went out to the car and started hauling the boxes into her room and then she set the alarm before going to her room. Bella found a box with Renee and Phil written on the gift tag she set it on her desk. Bella was going to be going to Egypt for 5 weeks a week after school ended and had already lined up the airplane the flight attendants, the pilots, and half a dozen security guards which included the pilots as part of the detail. The Stewardesses where going to be Bella's companions with her for the trip Bella had insisted her executor run background tests, drug tests just to start by the time Bella had finished she knew everything about the 16 people she was going to be traveling with which was a precaution. Bella had a smaller plane taking them to New York and since she had a car she had anticipated having a car and had already gotten everything set up to travel with her vehicle. Bella's mother and Phil were leaving to travel on Saturday night after dinner and they would not see each other until Christmas or spring. Bella insisted the two of them leave because in July she would be living with her father Charlie and they wouldn't need to worry about her. Bella had told Renee about her trip to Egypt when she had begun planning it. Bella was going thru the other boxes when the cell phone that she had received buzzed. Bella tentatively picked it up and found a message stating that she was beautiful. Bella placed the phone down and started going thru the boxes all 30 of them in order and finding clothing and one box was filled with make up another had jewelry Bella found Sari's and Hijab scarves and other items one box was filled with Lingerie while another was filled with triple X rated items Bella taped that box closed and pushed it away until she felt ready. Bella was making dinner when Renee and Phil came out of their room Bella had been to busy packing for Egypt that she had not heard the front door open for her. Bella made Lasagna with garlic bread and opened a bottle of wine pouring two glasses Bella set them in front of Renee and Phil so after putting plates on the table. Bella sat with her own plate as they ate Bella cleared her throat taking a drink Bella spoke, " so I finished up the with the preparations for my trip. My lawyer has finished and I will be leaving after the end of school. I have hired 12 escorts 10 ex-Marines as body guards and two female companions that will basically follow me everywhere. Thanks to my Lawyer I know more about them than they know about themselves. I was very explicit when I was hiring I have rented a private plane and I have gotten all of my paper work in order with copies in my I had the lawyer file all of the flight information and so I will be leaving on my trip. " Renee nodded smiling at Bella as they ate after dinner Bella was washing dishes and then she put away the left overs. Bella spent the weekend cleaning her room and labeling the boxes that were going to Charlie's. The day before Phil and Renee left they spent the night talking and Bella reassured Renee that she was going to be fine. Bella helped them load their car and then after they left Bella sat up reading until she was tired and ready for sleep. The next 10½ weeks was a bore with everyone getting their year books. Bella wore the tank top, jeans, high heel boots, leather jacket and even the lingerie which was a demi bra and matching underwear in light blue and black. Bella returned her books leaving a note under the seat she always sat in. After she went to her car and went home and was putting stuff by her bedroom door when she heard the knock on the front door. Bella went and opened the door finding the fed-ex man their with stacks of boxes. Bella scratched her head she signed the Fed-ex delivery paper and carried the 20 boxes into the house. Bella started going thru them finding some very cute clothing filling the set of red suitcases Bella wound up having 21 suitcases one set was filled with clothes to go to the clubs. Bella had filled one set with Saree's and Hijabs and sandals Bella had told all of them they would meet her in New York with the house staff she had hired. Bella loaded her car at 8AM and had set the new alarm system and then loaded her four Doberman puppies into the front seat. Bella had put the harnesses on the puppies leaving their leashes on as she put their suitcases on the floor. Bella drove to the small executive airport and found her plane taking the dogs out and grabbing her carry on, purse and the dogs carry one checking making sure she had the passports boarding the plane as the car was placed in the cargo hold. Bella ordered the dogs to sit and stay as she settled in Bella turned off her phone before buckling up when they got to New York she was going to be waiting while they inspected the papers. Bella was going to shop at the airport while they did the papers the head guard was going to be the liaison with the TSA. The plane taking her to New York was going to be used after she disembarked at the airport. Bella disembarked the plane and entered the airport walking her dogs thru the TSA line after her papers were inspected. Bella found her guards and the others already Bella went from store to store ordering the dogs to sit and stay going in she filled her empty carry on's with magazines, candy, Soda, souvenirs and some travel books. Bella took the dogs with her to the bathroom she found her guards waiting for her the plane, the 3 cars, 3 motorcycles and her stuff was inspected and they were ready to go. Bella showed her passports as they checked in before boarding her plane. Bella put the dogs in the kennels and sat on the couch the guards sat in the same area. Bella was wearing jeans, a burgundy chiffon and satin tank top, black blazer with a button, high heels with silk foot socks. Bella opened the portfolio journal and unzipped the zipper and opened it on her crossed over leg. Bella flipped the thick portfolio binder open on her lap as they took off from the tarmac the plane. The plane had two cargo compartments. The cargo compartment at the back had the three cars and three motorcycles along with her scooter and her riding gear. The second compartment had empty cargo containers that were 8'6"tall 8' long and 10' wide with locks the cargo containers were Bella's they would be delivered to her warehouse in Fork the containers were empty for now. Bella handed the head guard a stack of papers and told him " pass these to everyone the 1 st page is the title page, the back of the 1 st paper is the hotel information on the top a half the bottom is the calendar. The 2 nd page is a map of the Penthouse on the back is the local phone numbers Cairo and the hotel. The 3 rd page is going to be the daily schedule one the back is an alternate schedule should I need to change the original plans the back up will become the plan. The top