Hey my muse, Leila, got inspiration from a conversation between two of my friends and me on Facebook. Anything in italics is being spoken in the elvish language. It may also mean someone is thinking it, but I'll let you know when they are thinking. Also, if it's in the middle of a sentence, it probably means emphasis on the word/words. QingQing: Pronounced Ching-Ching Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings. Part 1 "My Lord, there has been a sighting of a strange creature in the forest. It seems to be waiting for something." Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel were welcoming the Fellowship of the Ring when the young elvish soldier barged in. "Rinion, you should always wait for permission before you enter a room of the Lord and the Lady, especially with guests," Haldir scolded. "I apologize, sir, but we have never seen a creature like this before." "What appearance does this creature have?" Lady Galadriel inquired. "It is taller than a dwarf but by only half a head. It is wearing a black, hooded cloak covering its face and body." "What is it doing?" Haldir asked, his brain racking for ideas of what this creature may be. It most certainly did not seem to be Gollum, Orcs, or Goblins. The cloak would make it seem to be a Nazgul, but they are tall, undeniably not only half a head taller than a dwarf. "It stands and looks at the city. Occasionally it will shift its position and move, but it never makes any sign of threat." Everyone turned their gaze to the Lady of the Light, waiting for her explanation of the creature. "I cannot see the being; it seems as if it does not exist." A being that the Lady cannot see; that has never happened in all the time Haldir could remember. "Marchwarden, observe this creature. Do not harm it unless it poses a threat," Lord Celeborn commanded. Haldir nodded and followed Rinion to where the being could easily be seen. He could see how small it truly was; he guessed it only came up to his chest. Haldir would have thought the cloak as camouflage, except the creature did not seem to want to be hidden. Instead, it stood in full view, as if waiting for something. What would this creature be waiting for? Haldir got a chill down his spine as the idea of what this thing could be waiting for blossomed in his mind; an accomplice. It is waiting for an accomplice to do something to the city. The creature here is merely a distraction. "Rinion, go tell Rúmil to get as many ellon as he can together and have them search the city and watch the entire perimeter. We are under attack," Haldir commanded the young soldier. Rinion nodded before running off. Where is your friend? What is he doing? Whose orders are you following? Who and what are you? These thought flew through Haldir's head as he watched the figure. He furrowed his brow as the figure raised its head. The Marchwarden's eyes widened as he heard a voice rising through the night sky. "An Elven-maid there was of old, A shining star by day; Her mantle white was hemmed with gold, Her shoes of silver-gray. A star was bound upon her brows, A light was on her hair A sun upon the golden boughs In Lórien the fair. Her hair was long, her limbs were white, And fair she was and free; And in the wind she went as light As leaf of linden-tree. Beside the falls of Nimrodel, By water clear and cool, Her voice as falling silver fell Into the shining pool. Where now she wanders none can tell, In sunlight or in shade; For lost in lore was Nimrodel And in the mountains strayed. The elven-ship in haven gray Beneath the mountain-lee Awaited her for many a day Beside the roaring sea. A wind by night in Northern lands Arose, and aloud it cried, And drove the ship from elven-strands Across the streaming tide. When dawn came dim the land was lost, The mountains sinking gray Beyond the heaving waves that tossed Their plumes of blinding spray. Amroth beheld the fading shore Now low beyond the swell, And cursed the faithless ship that bore Him far from Nimrodel. Of old he was an Elven-king, A lord of tree and glen, When golden were the boughs in spring In fair Lothlórien. From helm to sea they saw him leap, As arrow from the string, And dive into the water deep, As mew upon the wing. The wind was in his flowing hair, The foam about him shone; Afar they saw him strong and fair Go riding like a swan. But from the West has come no word, And on the Hither Shore No tidings Elven-Folk have heard Of Amroth evermore." As the last syllable died Haldir felt the hair on the back of his neck prickle. Whatever this being was, it knew the elven song of the maiden Nimrodel. Haldir had no thought about what this being could be for no foul creature knew that song, yet it did not seem friendly. "May I come up?" The question startled him. "Excuse me, can you hear me?" Haldir drew an arrow, nocked it to his bow, and aimed at the figure. "Who are you?" he called down. "My name is Bellethiel and I need your help." It, no she, had an elven name. If she was an elf, why did she not try to interact with one of the patrols? Why did she not interact with any of the elves she must have seen? Why was she just now asking for help? "Excuse me, but are you going to help me? My friend is gravely injured and may be dead, but I was hoping someone could still look at him. A healer would be awesome right now." Her friend was dead or dying and she had waited all this time to finally speak. Something didn't seem right. Haldir decided to go down and talk to her with his brothers. "Do not move; I will be down shortly." "Thank you." Haldir found Orophin with little trouble. " Brother, what do you want?" The elder inquired. " The being is a female by the name of Bellethiel." " Oh, and what does she want?" " She said her friend in injured and needs our help, but something does not seem right about it. Where is R ú mil? I wish for him to accompany us to talk face to face with her." " He is out gathering troops, just as you asked." " Come, we must find him in case she attacks." Orophin nodded and the two set out in search of their brother. They finally found him in the armory with a small group of about half a dozen warriors preparing for battling. " The being is what appears to be a small elleth, but we cannot be too trusting. I want all of you to check the perimeter to make sure she is not a distraction. Rúmil and Orophin will come with me to confront this mysterious Bellethiel. Do not attack, but be on your guard," Haldir instructed the group before leading the other half of them to where the small figure was. She moved towards them slowly, hands raised in front of her in the universal sign of peace. "I just wish for one of you to come with me to aid my friend, please," she said, still slowly working her way to them. "These are dark days and your accent strange. Why should we trust you?" Haldir asked her. "I sang the song of Nimrodel, what other proof do you need?" "Why can the Lady of the Forest not see into your mind? How can we be certain that you are not an evil sorceress who learned the song in her travel?" The figure sighed and answered, in a voice that almost sounded apologetic, "I'm sorry, I really don't want to do this, but I fear I have no other choice." With those words, she pulled out a strange sack and dumped black powder out. Orophin moved to stop her, but he was met with darkness none of the three brothers could see through. After a few moments the darkness faded and the sun shone again. However, the numbers had decreased. Haldir panicked when he saw Bellethiel and Orophin both missing. " Come, Rúmil, we must get him back," Haldir told his brother. The Marchwarden planned to meet up with the group patrolling and go to rescue his elder brother. ~later~ Haldir stood, a small smile on his face. The tracks they were following were fresh, very fresh. " We are closing in," he told the others before following the trail again. The small group had to only go on a few more paces before they heard quarreling. Haldir signaled for his men to hide and be prepared to shoot. He crept closer, making his footfalls light and inaudible. The Marchwarden soon came upon a small clearing where he saw the cloaked figure, now with her hood down, facing away from him, two other strange looking humans, and Orophin tied up and gagged. Her two companions had bronze colored skin, something the ellon had never seen before. "What do you mean you're alive? Do you know what I had to go through to get this guy! Now what am I supposed to do with him? If we let him go he'll kill us, if we don't his buddies will come and kill us!" Bellethiel was shouting at what appeared to be the male of the group. The other girl was watching the argument, remaining silent until now. "Here Brianna, have a magical protection Asian Amulet." "An Asian Amulet, seriously QingQing?" the male asked, disbelief in his voice. "Thanks buddy. Banana, you better watch yourself, you're still in a major pile of doggy doo doo." " So, her name is really Brianna. What a strange name," Haldir thought. "Guys, we're not alone anymore," Brianna said, pulling out two small swords. Her friend, QingQing, pulled out a heavy two-handed sword. The male, Banana, also pulled out an object, is much less deadly though. It appeared to be a colorful bag with the words Sour Patch Kids written boldly on the front. Haldir gave the signal to attack and fired an arrow at the strange enemies. Brianna held up the Asian Amulet and the arrow dissolved into a pile of ash. "Yeah Asians!" she yelled before rushing towards where Haldir was behind the tree. "Don't kill them, but don't die either," she told her friends, attacking the Marchwarden. QingQing nodded while Banana scurried up a tree before perching on the lowest branch. Haldir was dueling with Brianna, becoming more and more distressed as her friends took out his soldiers. Banana would throw a small, odd colored object, hitting one of the warriors in the eye. The elf would become distracted, crying out that his eye was in great pain, before the other female dispatched him with a hit from the hilt of her sword to his head. Eventually, the only two still standing were Haldir and Rúmil, both fighting their own battles. QingQing was fighting the youngest of the brothers while Haldir was still trying to take down Brianna. Banana was going between the two brothers, both dodging his little candy pellets. Haldir grounded his teeth together, determined to finish this fight. Neither of them seemed to be tiring. In fact, it seemed to him that the girl was just toying with him. Putting as much strength as he could into a thrust, he managed to knock one of the swords out of her hands. Soon after, the second followed. Brianna looked up at him with wide eyes, and Haldir raised his sword to finish her off. He looked into her eyes and saw only fear. No anger,