AN: Because yay for Draco/Harry friendship, guys. Best. Aside from Scorpius, the only good thing to come out of that damned book The Cursed Child was the Harry-Draco friendship I've wanted for years. Also, yay for "damn it how the hell did I wind up on the Light side this wasn't supposed to happen" Draco. Finally – I actually love Ron, personally. But this is written from Draco's side of things, so Ron doesn't get a great portrayal, at the beginning in particular. Summary: Never let it be said that a Slytherin doesn't know to take hold of an opportunity when it's presented to him on a silver platter. [A Fourth Year AU in which Draco makes the most of Potter and Weasley's fight and takes a second shot at befriending Harry. For the Greater Evil, obviously.] … Draco Malfoy is a proud Slytherin. As far back as records are kept, every Malfoy worth his surname has been in Hogwarts' greatest House. Slytherins (the decent ones at least – Draco isn't referring to Crabbe and Goyle, here) are smart. And not merely book-smart, like Ravenclaw and that Gryffindor pest – no. Slytherins are… street-smart. World -smart. They see how the world works, and they work with it to their advantage. They're cunning, and they're observant, and they're successful. They're stealthy, and they're resourceful, and they're ambitious. And – possibly most importantly – they can recognise a golden opportunity when it's presented to them. Which means that – the day after Harry bloody Potter's name was spat out of the Goblet (because of course Harry bloody Potter would somehow elbow his way into the Tournament; like he doesn't already have enough fame and glory for a half-blood who hasn't even had a decent growth spurt yet) – when Draco notices that Weasley is storming around like some kind of red-headed storm cloud, Potter is snapping at everyone in reach, and both of them are only bothering to look in each other's direction in order to glare fiercely, Draco doesn't merely see it as an opportunity to make Potter's life miserable. No. No, this? This is an opportunity for so much more. There's no sense in making rash moves, Draco thinks to himself – he's a Slytherin, and Slytherins plan things, unlike those bullheaded idiots in Gryffindor, thank you very much – so instead he withdraws a tad and resolves to merely observe until he can see the best route forwards. It doesn't take him long to work out what all the fuss is about. Weasley, according to the gossip Draco's been able to gather, doesn't believe Potter's claims that he didn't put his name into the Goblet (and that's a surprise, because obviously Potter did manage to circumnavigate the system somehow, but Draco hadn't expected Weasley to actually be smart enough to realise that) and is now furious that Potter:- a: didn't bother telling his supposed best friend what he'd done, and: b: didn't bother sharing his rule-breaking techniques with Weasley in order to give him a shot at the title too (not that the Goblet would have picked Weasley, of course – even if there'd been no other entrants but Weasley, Draco suspects that the Goblet would have just sat there silently, spitting out exactly nothing until everyone gave up waiting). Meanwhile, Potter is apparently furious about Weasley's refusal to believe his innocence (Potter – innocent! Ha, a laughable concept), and as a result, the two aren't speaking. And actually – from what Draco's been able to gather, there are few-to-none who actually believe Potter's ludicrous claims, even in the boy-hero's own House. Draco sees a glimmer of a plan. He's not forgotten that day - over three years ago though it may have been. He had perhaps taken too stringent a line that evening, when he'd made disparaging comments about the red-headed pauper who, in hindsight, had obviously already insinuated himself within Potter's circle on the on the train ride. "I think I can tell the wrong sort for myself, thanks," Potter had said, and it was only then that Draco had realised that Weasley had already weaselled his way in, and that Draco had missed out on the chance to be Potter's only friend. Had Draco been more experienced in the art of manipulation and had he registered earlier the apparent importance of Weasley, he would have offered Potter his friendship without any slights directed towards the red-head. Better to share Potter with a Weasley than to lose him to a Weasley. Besides. If he'd done it that way, Draco could have then worked to nudge the lower-class boy out of the equation entirely. It would only have taken a few months to achieve, own friendship with Potter was secure. But alas, Draco had been overeager. Inobservant. Rookie mistakes. He's learnt since then. Whether Potter put his name in the Goblet or not is immaterial, at this point. Potter is upset that Weasley doesn't believe his claims of innocence. That no one but Granger believes his claims of innocence, if the gossip mill is to be believed. Therefore, the best way to nudge open the door that has been barred these last three years? Is to believe those claims of innocence. Right then. Draco leaves dinner early and lounges in a hallway that he knows Potter has to traverse in order to get up to his Common Room. He's only waiting ten minutes before the Boy Who Lived rounds the corner, alone, and pulls up sharply when he catches sight of the Slytherin. "Your usual trio is down by a pauper and a mudblood," Draco says, and then belatedly realises that insulting Granger might not actually be the best way to get into Potter's good graces. He's actually still talking to that one, after all. Oh well. To be too friendly too early would do nothing but set Potter's warning bells ringing. "Shove off, Malfoy," Potter replies, starting to walk forwards again. "I just wanted to see if the rumours were true," Draco says casually as Potter makes to walk around him. "I must say, I am surprised. I knew Weasley was thick, but this is a new standard even for him." That gets Potter's attention, and the dark-haired boy draws to a halt opposite Draco, his green eyes one-part-surprised and one-part-suspicious behind his glasses. Honestly. Has the boy never heard of sight-corrective spells? For the saviour of the wizarding world he is painfully muggle at times. "What do you mean?" Potter asks, sounding suspicious and a little bit like he doesn't know whether he should be jumping to Weasley's defence or not. Honestly. The boy is too loyal by half. "Well, he believes you put your name in the Goblet, doesn't he?" Draco asks offhandedly, pushing off the wall and dusting his clothes down, giving every appearance of being more interested in the state of his robes than what he's currently saying. "Do you think maybe he's got the same number of braincells that his family has galleons? That might explain him. You could give him two braincells per-galleon, and he'd still barely have any, so maybe it isthat." "Wait, you – what?" Potter says, his eyes wide under that ridiculous mop of a disaster that the boy dares to call hair. "So you mean you… believe me?" "That you didn't put your name in the goblet?" Draco asks, glancing up from straightening his robes, and he shrugs, as though it were obvious. "Of course. Why on earth anyone would actually want to participate in this forsaken Tournament, I have no idea. It's like people forget that Champions regularly died trying to make it through this in the old days." Potter pales a little. Hee. Excellent. "And besides," Draco goes on, sounding casual and dismissive, like none of this is any more interesting than the Charms homework set for them last week. "The whole point of competing and winning is to win glory and honour for yourself, isn't it? As much as it pains me to say this, I hardly think that the boy who defeated the Dark Lord needs any assistance in the glory and honour department, do you?" Potter's looking at him with narrowed eyes, like he suspects that Draco's up to something (oh, he is) but hasn't worked out just what yet. Draco, having said his part, shrugs dismissively and makes to stride past Potter and out of the corridor, but the other boy steps into Draco's path and blocks his way. Draco raises an eyebrow at him. "What if I did do it?" Potter asks, belligerent all of a sudden. "What if I decided that if I'm going to be famous – going to have all the glory and honour, and all that – that I want it to be on my terms, for something I actually remember doing? What about that?" Draco levels an unimpressed expression at the other boy. "You, The-Boy-Who-Hates-His-Fame, wants to earn more? I think you're mistaking me for your dim weasel friend." Potter blinks at him like he doesn't know what to make of… any of this. "If you could move," Draco prompts, when it doesn't look like Potter's going to be continuing on his path any time soon, and he's still standing in front of Draco and blocking him in the corridor. "Why are you here?" Potter asks, suddenly suspicious all over again. Draco raises a cool eyebrow. "We've already covered this," he says, and then continues. "Because I'd heard that the weasel had accused you of lying about the Goblet, and I had to see for myself. I must say, I had thought that the rumours would turn out to be false. And yet, Weasley continues to surprise. Now, if you don't mind, I actually do have somewhere to be." Potter peers at him in baffled suspicion-tinged-confusion for a couple of seconds more, and Draco tugs decisively on his robes a final time before shouldering past him and setting off down the hall, without so much as a sideways glance at Potter as he goes. He can feel the other boy's eyes on him the whole way down the corridor. Well, he thinks to himself. That went rather well. … Stage two is a bit trickier, but nothing Draco can't handle. He can't just come right out and say it, after all; not without prompting, not with their history. Draco subtly drops a couple of hints in the common room that night (not outright hints – just half an offhand comment made to one person, but said in the hearing of another, and another partial comment dropped elsewhere while someone else is listening in), and – by the next morning, most of Slytherin is walking around with badges that say "Go Diggory!" sometimes, and flash "Boo, Potter!" at other times. Hm. Not quite how Draco would have done it, but good enough. Good enough indeed, because – while the badges spread throughout practically the entirety Slytherin and Hufflepuff by the end of breakfast, and around most of Ravenclaw by lunch (and Draco even sees a few Gryffindors wearing them, which is just too wonderful for words), Draco's "Go Digory!/Boo, Potter" badge is conspicuous by its absence. Crabbe and Goyle – ever ones to jump on a bandwagon – are wearing a badge apiece, and Draco allows it until an opportune moment. "What are those?" he demands in tones of longest suffering, just as they're walking along the corridor after Charms. If Draco's timed this right (and he has), then Potter and his classmates will be coming up the south corridor from Transfiguration which joins the one Draco and his lackeys are traversing like the bottom stroke of a T. Draco, walking along the horizontal stroke of the T, should be within earshot of them all, even if none of them can see each other yet. "They're the…" Crabbe starts, sounding confused. Poor chap. "Diggory badges?" Goyle says, filling in the silence and sounding just as confused