The narrow hallways I'd always loathed were mocking me with their reminder of how absolutely trapped I was. I was as good as dead; I knew it and they knew it. A cowardly part of me wished I was. I hurried forward; if there was a miniscule chance that I could not totally screw up my life I was damn well going to take it. In five minutes it would be lunch time and everyone would be crowding the hallways. Traffic would be hell and I was thankfully sneaky enough to get lost in it, all I had to do was buy myself some time. I turned into a corridor I knew was typically busy during this time. It was the main hallway to get to the dining hall and everyone hung around here until the chiming of the lunch bell rang twice. It wasn't nearly as full as I had hoped it would be but I prayed it was enough. As I ran, the blurred faces of my neighbors seemed to engrave themselves into my conscious that I had managed to ignore this far. I knew they would probably never look at me the same way after they discovered my code breach but I also knew some of them would understand the desperation, that some of them had even thought of doing the same thing. Still, most of them would call me off as selfish and reckless. Right now I didn't need that. They didn't know. Their unbeknownst expressions just stared curiously as I sped passed them. Two more minutes. Thump. Thump. Thump. My heart wouldn't shut up and neither would their boots. My body moved faster as my mind lagged in the race of my life, distracted by worries of what they'd do to me. God, I was only 17. Maybe I wouldn't be tried as an adult although that's an unlikely hope. Please. "Stop!" Hell no. I ran faster and I knew that the people watching would be putting the pieces together. I could only imagine the horrified look of my mother when she found out. Shit. I hoped she just knew that I did it for her, for them. I wasn't selfish for myself, I was selfish about the people I loved. I placed them above everyone else in here, but could you blame me? The hallways were beginning to crowd more and for each body I saw my heart swelled with the hope that maybe I could make it. Please. DING! DING! I almost burst into tears when the lunch bell sounded but my legs were doing the crying for me as I slowed my pace to match everyone else's. Bodies surged forward in hunger, the hunger my family was feeling. The hunger everyone was feeling. They had to understand. I had seconds. I yanked the rubber band out of my hair so hard I pulled a few strands with it. Knowing my face was flushed from running, I strategically covered most of it with my hair and then wrapped my arm around the person standing beside me, immediately creating a façade of engaged conversation. They ran right passed me. I couldn't believe it. "Hey, Bella, what are you doing?" Great. The person whose arm was currently ensnared in a death grip via my hands was my ex boyfriend, Michael. "Sorry, thought you were someone else. I'll see you later." Hopefully that was enough to not raise questions. I didn't have a second to waste as I weaved my way through the crowds, erupting groans of protests from the people I passed. I tried to usher a quick sorry as I moved but I was only half aware of everyone else; my focus was the auburn haired woman about four yards away. I resisted the urge to call out for her and just continued in her direction. I managed to reach her by the time she entered the dining hall. "Mom," I choked out as I embraced her in a hug. She was frozen for a second, probably very startled but she didn't take long to ease into my arms. I couldn't afford to relish it for long, though. I was no fool and knew the Wardens would be on my back in minutes. There's surveillance everywhere. To not draw harmful attention to us, I tugged her into the line. Trying not to think about how this would most likely be the last meal I ate here, I sat us at the nearest table once our lunch cards were scanned. "I love you so much, Mom. I'm so sorry." Minutes to drench her in all of my guilt. "Bella I don't-" God this is going to crush her already grieving heart. "Mom I broke into the supply wing. I know: I'm a massive idiot. But I couldn't take it anymore, Mom. Their faces, your face. You're starving yourself so you can feed Rachael and Phil and I know you're dehydrated. Mom, I had to do something, anything, and I didn't know what else to do." Her guilty face hurt more than anything. This was not her fault. "It was supposed to work." I continued, "Bri was helping me but they caught her trying to deactivate the alarm and camera systems. I was already inside so I barely got away but they'll know it was me soon, though. I'm just so sorry." Nothing could have prepared me for the utterly heartbroken look on her face. Dammit. "No, no, Isabella, please," Her whispers of horror added to the torture of my heart. "I don't know what they're going to do, Mom, but I'm 17 so-" "No!" She gripped my shoulders and stared into my eyes with a piercing focus. "You know how strict they've gotten around here, especially with the resource shortage! What were you thinking? If someone's acting up they're gone! Bella, they're going to float you! I'll talk to Carlisle, I can try to fix this." Shit. I couldn't think of any way to get around this because there wasn't one; only a way through it. Unfortunately, the way through it was most likely going to be getting floated. I wasn't ready for death yet. BOOM! The doors of the dining hall slammed shut, making everyone in the room jump. I saw a girl from my math class drop her lunch portion which was about the size of her palm. She looked at it, debating on picking it up but I knew the hunger would win. It won me. "No one leaves!" General Sheerer snarled as he surveyed the bodies in the room. I knew he was searching for me but I had spent all my meager bravery on trying to get in the supply wing. He stalked throughout the room, his boots thundering with every step. My heart synchronized with the sound as if it already knew my fate would be intertwined with the law. Mom glanced sideways at me and I knew what she was thinking because the same thoughts of suspense coursed through my head and seeped their way into my blood, spiking my adrenaline and igniting my skin aflame. I reached over and gripped her hand. The General was incredibly intimidating; he had a tall muscular frame like an athlete that didn't get enough food, a salt and pepper whiskered mustache, and beady black eyes that would've matched his soul if he had one. He was a dick of a guy and the only reason he was chosen as General was because the Chancellor believed he could enforce the rules. That he did, too bad he lost a sense of justice along the way. "Isabella Swan," He called, causing my heart to skip a very much needed beat. "Stand up." For a moment I debated on not moving but as soon as his hawk eyes landed on me I knew this was all for show. He knew where I was, he was just making an example of me. I had no other choice. I squeezed my mom's hand one last time. I pushed my chair away from the table, rising to my full height and meeting his stone face across the room. People gasped and among the crowd I made eye contact with Rachael. Her teary eyes were pinpricks of stabbing pain all aimed at my heart. I did it for you. They all whispered and I could only imagine what my mom was feeling. Dammit I'm so stupid. General Sheerer strolled his way over to me, allotting me proper time to bask in humiliation. Asshole. "Isabella Swan you are being restrained for the crime of trespassing and theft." Instead of taking out hand cuffs he surprised me by patting me down. Just as he suspected, he found two week's worth of food rations in the inside pocket of my jacket and slammed them all on the table as people bared witness. Tears were tumbling down my mom's face and I regretting looking, I regretted being selfish and stupid. "Turn around." He commanded. I was hot and misery was prominent on my face, body, and energy. I didn't dare look up again. Cool metal met my wrists and the knowing click of the cuffs signified the end of my fight. The end of me. Eight hours later I was still in the cell. They had been gracious enough to give me dinner which I greedily devoured but those nine minutes passed quickly and the same worries that had been haunting me before returned. Another hour went by. Finally, when I had paced the room for the hundredth time the door of my cell opened. "Turn around." A warden barked. As soon as I did she wasted no time in cuffing me and leading me out of the room. "Where are you taking me?" I asked. No answer. We arrived in the dining hall; the only room big enough to hold everyone on the ark. An announcement was going to be made and it was important enough that they had the prisoners lined up in the back of the room. Seeing all their faces was depressing; all of them were younger than 18 who probably hadn't committed a crime bigger than fighting. I stood next to them. The chancellor stood up at the podium in front of the room. Sitting behind him were the most important people on the arc; head scientist, head engineer, head mechanic, the general, and my mom: head doctor. She looked at the ground. "Good evening, everyone." Chancellor Aro was a beloved man, he's the beautiful kind of leader that puts the best interest of his people as a prerequisite to any decision he makes. He's been re elected five years running and we still love him. Of course with the recent resource shortages and his election of Mr. Sheerer as head general, his popularity had waned a bit but I knew too many people loved him too much for it to be remotely harmful for him. "I'm aware that there's been recent unrest concerning food and water supply on the arc." Wow, he's finally publicly addressing it. "Tonight this is going to be settled. The council and I," He gestured in to the leaders of each department whom sat behind him, "have come to a decision. We are coming clean. There are currently 1,273 people on this arc and we have enough food and water to sustain everyone for another six months." Holy shit. Gasps were heard from everyone, including me. No one had any idea that life support had reached an all time low of practically nothing. "There is enough oxygen to last us five months." Fuck. This time cries of worry erupted and the wardens did their best to calm the currents of distress among the people. I couldn't help but wonder why my mom hadn't said anything to me. We were getting closer to our death as the days passed and she hadn't said a word to me. She was still staring at the