' Cause I need an interventionist to intervene between me and this monster And save me from myself and all this conflict CHAPTER ONE "Bella it's for your own good. I know you don't understand but-" The stupidity my mom was barfing angered me beyond the point of ignoring her that I interrupted her midway through whatever bullshit she was saying. "No, Mom! You're the one that doesn't understand. You have absolutely no idea what I'm going through! Quit trying to feed me all that crap of how things are going to get better because I know they're not, Mom! I don't even know what's wrong with me and you're all too willing to send me to God knows where the first opportunity you got. So no Mom I don't understand but don't you dare try to tell me that this is somehow going to get better and don't even try to be the consoling mother because you're the one who's putting me through this." For weeks I've been struggling, crying, and, on the inside, dying. The same speech over and over isn't going to help; it'd just be a band-aid on a bullet wound. My mom's face contorted from her usual composed expression to a slacked mouth, teary eyes, and heavy breathing. I hated seeing her like this but, currently, I was facing a bigger battle than just hurt feelings. I'm sorry, I am so sorry. "Bella, you know I love you." Mom said. That's not enough. "Mom, just please don't make me go." My voice cracked midway, just another tribute displaying my totally lame weakness. "I'm sorry, Bella." Not as sorry as me. My life sucks. After I had said good-bye to my mom in our little apartment, the government workers were ready to take me to Union Academy. In all fairness, my mom at least had the heart to look sad that her only child was being shipped away to a federally confidential school. Even she had tried to Google Union Academy. Strangely, each time she did the computer automatically shut down. Go figure. The dark tinted windows of the car made it impossible to see outside. I couldn't even roll them down. I guess that as soon as the luggage was in the trunk and my body was on the seat, I was just another game piece in the sick game the government was playing. Admittedly, I was scared. When I was a kid watching movies, anything remotely foreign like a mermaid or alien would always end up in danger of government experimentation. Now, I'm the alien in this screwed up movie called my life. Hours of drifting in and out of sleep passed by before I finally woke up to the sound of car doors slamming shut. As soon as my door opened I was surprised to see that it was night time and we were parked in front of a huge compound of buildings. Stepping out of the car I got a better look at the compound and could tell it was sort of like a mall plaza without parking lots and a lot of grass. From what I could see, the buildings were spread out in the middle of an enormous grass clearing and at the outer edges was a forest of trees. Where am I? "Ms. Swan?" I looked up to see a woman in a dress suit approaching me with my suitcase. "Did you have a smooth drive?" I eyed her suspiciously in hopes that she would understand that I didn't trust her whatsoever. The lady smiled, displaying pearly whites and dimples, and nodded like I was amusing her. This is so not funny. "Sorry, I'm Esme Cullen. I'm the dean of Union Academy and as we'll be spending a lot of time together I just wanted to make sure you'll be comfortable for the night." If she was a lady I met at a coffee shop I'd have no problem with engaging in conversation with her but, unfortunately, she's a government agent who supports secret schools that abduct teenage girls. In short, she was the sort of 'stranger danger' you learned about in school. "It's very nice to meet you, Bella," she continued, "And I'm sure you have a lot of questions but right now we just want to get you settled in for the night and tomorrow morning we'll have a one on one session. Does that sound good for you?" She rested her hand on the small of my back and began leading me away from the car. Don't touch me. I breezed past her to grab my suitcase; indirectly avoiding physical contact with her. When I turned to see her she was still giving me an expectant look. "I'm sure you're a nice lady and all but I'm not sure what's going on and I'm just really confused and mad." I replied. She nodded in understanding as she began leading us toward a red brick building, closest to the edge of the forest yet still a great distance away. "Well I'm sure you already know how special you are. And I bet you have some questions concerning your body changes too. I just want to assure you that this is completely normal for you and the last thing I want is for you to be afraid or mad in any way. Union Academy is a safe place for you and we're here to help you as you transition mentally and physically. I know exactly how you must be feeling but let me tell you that you're going to get through this quickly and learn how truly amazing you are." Special? Safe place? Her attempts at making me feel better had the complete opposite effect and suddenly I was less than okay and everything was all sorts of wrong that my mind could no longer handle. "You have absolutely no idea what I'm going through. You work for the government; the people that bribed my mom into giving away her daughter. News flash: that's not okay! I'm not okay! You don't even know me so don't try and tell me that what I'm going through is normal because I'll tell you something I'm not normal and I'm definitely not special! You don't know what it's like waking up in the middle of the night with a body so hot you burn your clothes off and have to extinguish a fire on your bed. I can't even hug my own mom without being scared of giving her third degree burns or go swimming in public because I might accidently give everyone hypothermia! I'm hot and cold all the time and I can't even feel it so I don't know when I'm a menace! That's not typical puberty Mrs. Cullen! So please just stop. Just stop it." I was three steps from losing it. Apparently, I had stopped walking all together so I was just the idiot in front of the three story red brick building yelling at a lady I didn't even know. Taking a few deep breaths, I looked away from her annoyingly patient face to reclaim my sanity, or what's left of it. Finally, after a few seconds, I turned to her again and accused; "How can you have any idea what I'm going through?" With a warm smile and caring caramel eyes that matched her perfectly combed hair, she rested her hand on my shoulder. I avoided the urge to shake it off. "I was in the same position as you when I was sixteen. I've felt exactly how you're feeling and even I had to attend Union Academy. Although we had to go through different obstacles we're not so different. Whereas you couldn't hug your mom, I was unknowingly manipulating mine each time I spoke. I'm not asking you to trust me right now because I know we just met but I do ask that you have some faith when I say that all will be well and that soon you're going to have a better understanding as to what's going on with you." I shook my head. What could she mean? "What do you mean? Can you explain exactly why I'm here and why no one in the US knows this place exists?" This is so far from ridiculous. Opening the door to the building Mrs. Cullen waved to the man behind the counter and led me to the elevators. "Do you want me to explain everything for you right now or are you willing to wait until-" "Right now." I interrupted her. The elevator doors opened. As I walked in I couldn't help but feel as though I was also walking into a different world and possibly a different me. This is so surreal. She nodded quickly "In that case let's wait until we get to your room." After she said that we both remained silent until the elevator doors opened again. Once they did we were met with what pretty much resembled a hotel floor; just a long hallway with multiple doors. She walked me down the long expanse and I couldn't help but hear some voices behind the doors. That could only mean that there were other people here. Were they like me..? "Room 321. You'll be staying here and your roommate will be here tomorrow." She opened the door with her fingerprint and allowed me inside. Roommate? It was a pretty basic room, like a college dorm; two beds, two desks, and a bathroom. I could see the left side of the room was personalized in pink everything in, of course, various shades. Was I rooming with a six year old? On the other hand, the right side was bare with white comforters and pillows. Clearly, it was meant for me so I rolled my suitcase to the end of the bed. Looking at Mrs. Cullen I didn't even know what to do with myself so I just sat on the bed and waited for her to say something. She smiled as she sat down on the opposite bed "Well, for starters, I know you're probably wondering why you're here." Duh. At my lack of response she continued "Well, Union Academy is a special school for kids with similar capacities like your own. From your own experience I think you can understand why the kids here are different than what society would consider a typical teenager. Here, every person has capabilities involving the five senses; touch, hear, sight, smell, and taste. Our bodies have pretty much evolved from the norm and gained a stronger sense of something. In my case, I speak and people listen a bit too much. I can enchant people into doing whatever I please. This appeals to the sense of hearing of others although it doesn't personally affect or have anything to do with my own hearing. You see what I'm getting at?" Oh my, gosh, this is insane. "That's insane, how is that even possible?" There's no way that this was just a side effect of evolution. Do I actually believe her? "This is possible because of your unique DNA and mind capabilities. You're a straight A student, a star athlete, and even won your towns Miss USA pageant. You're probably pretty popular too, right?" Woah, how could she even know all that? Mrs. Cullen smiled at my awestricken expression. "I read your files but that's beside the point." Creepy . "Nothing you've ever done was hard. You're body, mind, and physique better than any of your peers your age and even the ones far older than you. It's all because you, like all of us, have a deeper and more complex brain than the average human. That combined with genetic engineering created you to be the perfect weapon." At my horrified expression she quickly shook her head. "Allow me to explain. During World War 2, the United States was trying out bionic engineering on rats. Of course, nothing worked and most of the rats