Oh fuck, oh shit, fucking hell this is bad, bad, badbadbadbad. The girl sat on the bed in the cramped space under the Dursley's stairs, taking small gasping breaths of air. She had never had a panic attack before, but hey, her mother had said bad things came in threes. Of course, her mother was drunk at the time, but still. In the past 24 hours, she had died, been reborn as a child female version of Harry Potter, and was now having her first ever panic attack. Harriet, a voice told her. That horrible weedy woman called you Harriet while she screeched things at you before shoving you in this disgusting cupboard. Apparently, Dudley had knocked the other Harriet - the proper Harriet - out when he pushed her down the stairs (or as Petunia described it: he barely brushed you, if you weren't so clumsy you would have been fine!) , and when she had woken up she had been...well...not Harriet anymore. And had promptly freaked the fuck out when she realized where she was. Her head was still aching from what must have been a good knock to her temple, and she could tell she would have bruises to show from the tumble. Good thing children's bodies were resilient. God, she didn't even like Harry Potter that much. She had never hated it, but being forced to read the books to her sister at bedtime and watch the movies with her when she was sick had made it something she had to suffer through instead enjoy. Oh god, her sister, was she alright - no, don't think of that, you can't think of that right now. First, you need to calm down and figure out what the hell is going on. Right, she could do that. She had always been a level headed person, never prone to fits of fancy or temper. She could do this, she could plan and organize and find a way to get back to her life. With that thought in mind, she took some deep breaths. Okay. Time to break this down. What do you know? She asked herself. Point 1: She had died that afternoon. There was no way she survived the shitfest that was that car accident. Point 2: She had woken up in the body of a children's book character, even if some of the plumbing was a little different. Point 3: This did not feel like a dream, though it could be a hallucination. If it was a hallucination, there wasn't anything she could do about it. An existential crises wasn't going to be useful here, so she would, for now, treat this as reality. She could answer the why and how later. Okay, so possible actions she could take. Right, well, if everything else besides gender and the accidental take over of the main character's body stayed true to form, she was in for a pretty horrible time once she hit eleven. She would be lied to, manipulated, bullied, and people would attempt to murder her at least once per term. Not to mention the 'fame' and expectations to be the freaking savior of a bunch of backwards, victorian era dickwads. So. She could run, though doing that in a child's body would be admittedly difficult. She could call child protective services, but she was pretty sure she'd end up on the wrong end of a crazy dark wizard's wand if she ditched the protection of the wards around the Dursleys' house. Or, she could move forward as Harriet Potter for now, and collect more information. She would probably need to fake some sort of memory loss due to the bump on her head to explain her initial confusion, but it wasn't like Petunia or Vernon would care much either way. Right, so information gathering it was. She took another deep breath, and let it out, her panic fading. She always felt better when she had a plan, even if it was a simple one. Still, that night, she cried herself to sleep imagining the smile of her sister, all alone now in that other world. The next day the girl began her self-appointed mission. She awoke hungry, disoriented, and with a parched throat, to heavy stomping footsteps that could only be Dudley pounding up and down the stairs, knocking dust onto her head, and the dulcet tones of Vernon Dursley demanding that she get her 'ungrateful arse' out of bed to make breakfast. The day only got worse from there. She didn't know how to navigate the kitchen, and Petunia only sneered and said it was a 'likely story' when the girl tried to explain that she couldn't remember anything of her life after her bump on the head yesterday. Vernon ended up leaving without breakfast, since in her confusion she wasn't able to finish it on time, Dudley tripped her and caused her to break a plate, which resulted in more yelling from Petunia, and to top it all off she was still horribly sore from the Tumble That Knocked Harriet Potter Out of this Dimension. Hmm, she'd have to work on that title. She was able to do some exploring when Petunia and Dudley left for the day to do some shopping, with a stern warning that she should finish an impossibly long list of chores Petunia had left for her on the counter. After eating some toast and cleaning up the kitchen, the girl began to wander the house. A paper on the table announced that the date was June 5th, 1991. She chewed on her lower lip and tried to remember what year Harry had received his letter, but came up blank. She wondered if the Dursleys would tell her how old she was if she asked. A look in the mirror didn't really help her figure out her exact age. She supposed she could be a very small 11. Her hair was long, black and looked slightly unkempt even after she combed it. Her eyes were, indeed, a very vibrant green, and large behind her round glasses. Her face was pale and oval, and there, on her forehead beneath her fringe of bangs, was a lightning bolt scar. At the sight of it, she suddenly remembered what that scar meant. Supposedly, she had a slice of Voldemort's soul inside of her. She probably should have panicked about this, but just couldn't find the energy to do so. If there was an evil remnant of a rising Dark Lord in her forehead, there was nothing to be done about it at the moment. She had enough to deal with - one problem at a time. With that thought, she gave her reflection a firm nod and resumed her exploration of the house. She started with the kitchen, wanting to avoid a repeat of the morning's drama, and then moved into the living room, exploring thoroughly while being careful not to leave any trace of her snooping. She also found an unlocked door leading into an office, and resolved to look through the files stored in there at a later date when she had more time. For now, she needed to familiarize herself enough with the house that she could at the very least blend in with the Dursleys. After she felt comfortable with the layout of the house, she decided she should probably get going on the chores. While she wasn't exactly thrilled to be used as child labor by particularly vile examples of humanity, she also didn't mind doing a few chores, and really wanted to avoid drawing attention to herself until she had a working plan. For now, she would lay low. The next few weeks were at once monotonous, exhausting and wholly nerve wrecking. The first because the Dursleys were truly unimaginative, and she found herself falling into a schedule that was horribly mind numbing. Wake up, make breakfast, do chores, scrounge for food, listen to the Dursleys' inane chatter and even more inane insults towards her person, make them dinner, go to her cupboard for the night knowing she'd wake up to it again. They didn't seem to have noticed any marked change in her personality, but she didn't assume the old Harriet would have showed them much of one anyway. What would be the point? The second two were due to the fact that she was both terrified of the position she now found herself in, despite her trying to bury the fear beneath layers of practicality and to-do lists, and she was so achingly homesick that she could barely sleep at night. She knew, deep down, that she would never be returning home, and the pain of it was almost too much to bear. Still, she had never failed to get up and keep getting on before, and hell if she would allow herself to start now. She also had two other opportunities to explore the files in the office. Most were boring: copies of past tax returns, old receipts, deeds to the house and information on car loans. She did however locate a single, thin file labeled 'Harriet Potter,' where she found a copy of her birth certificate. She discovered that her eleventh birthday was on July 31st of that very year, and that her full name was Harriet Lily Potter. She supposed that answered her question about when she could expect her Hogwarts letter. It was after this day that she decided she should probably get used to referring to herself as 'Harriet,' since soon she would be answering to that name. The Dursleys mostly called her 'Girl,' so she hadn't had to adjust yet. She didn't actually see any way of getting out of being Harriet, really. She was too young to run away from home, and as far as she could tell, there wasn't really anything for her here - the Dursleys made sure of that. She would lose her mind if she stayed. Also, magic would be a useful skill to have. She could always learn enough to get by, and then disappear into the muggle world. Also, she did have a bit of an edge in the form of premonition to help keep her alive. Right, so Harriet Lily Potter would begin planning seriously for her life as a witch. Dumbledore and Voldemort had something else coming if they thought she would be an easy mark for manipulation and murder. Harriet stole a notebook and pen from a drawer in the office and hid it away under her mattress in the cupboard, which she had given a thorough cleaning as soon as she'd had a chance, though the spiders seemed to like it just as much without the dust as with it. Good thing her dingy apartment in the dodgier areas of London had cured her of squeamishness long ago. That night, she opened the notebook and wrote in big block letters 'Harriet Potter's Plan for Survival.' Using the penlight she'd swiped from the kitchen drawer, Harriet got to work, deciding the first step was to outline everything she could remember of the Harry Potter timeline. The next morning found Harriet staring blurry eyed into a pan of eggs, stirring listlessly. She had been up late working on her project, only to have a thought that had brought her up short. As far as she could tell, the original Harriet had died when she fell down the stairs - did that mean her magic died with her? Was Harriet now a muggle? If so, she would be stuck here. That would change things - in no way would she continue to be pushed around by these people for the next 7 years. The thought had put her into a bit of a temper, and so she wasn't paying attention to the birthday drama going on behind her. Apparently Dudley had gotten one less present than last year, something she vaguely remembered from the books. Seriously, these people were idiots -