A/N: Oh God, this is what boredom does to me. This is a collection of snapshots from Albus Dumbledore's life. The only warnings you need to know is it includes homosexuality (because he's gay) and it contains some bad language, especially thanks to Aberforth. What really bothers me is, after Deathly Hallows, a very large portion of the HP fandom decided to hate Dumbledore. This bothers me because Albus Dumbledore is my favorite Harry Potter character, and maybe my favorite character of any fandom. Oh, there's no doubt Dumbledore messed up and did some very wrong things. However, I see him as a flawed, but innately good, human, and I think that's how JK Rowling intended him. I see him as very likeable, because he's a human who messed up and who, in his own words "despises" himself. He messed up and he knows it, and he was made a fool by love but he still believes in its goodness, and I find that very nice for some reason. So, this is how I see Albus Dumbledore. You should know I try to stick to canon as closely as possible. I want these stories to be as believable as possible. Now, this first chapter is meant to be funny, and hopefully it is. The idea of a teenage Dumbledore was simply odd, like trying to imagine a stupid Hermione or a friendly Blast-Ended Skrewt. - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, p. 21 (US) Sixteen-year-old Albus Dumbledore was walking down the halls late. It was two nights before the vast majority of the students were to board the Hogwarts Express and go home for Christmas, Albus included. He couldn't sleep, and to be honest, he did not really want to go home in a couple days, because home always felt like a guilt trip. He loved his brother, sister, and mother, but having to look at Ariana and her daily struggles always made him feel awful. It was his fault Ariana had a mental breakdown that she has still not recovered from. It was his fault Ariana would never walk through the halls of Hogwarts like himself. Albus was supposed to be watching her when those Muggles snatched her and did those horrible things to her, but he became distracted and forgot about her... It was an old wound, but Albus could still feel it when he was at home. He had tried to tell himself that he had only been ten years old at the time, not even old enough to go to Hogwarts, but the guilt inside him still squirmed every time he felt Ariana looking at him. Albus did not have the relationship Aberforth had with Ariana because he could not. A guilty conscious kept him from that. He knew that Ariana did not really blame him, but it felt like she did sometimes. Albus stopped walking and squinted in the semi-darkness. He had heard footsteps. Andrea Williams emerged from the darkness. She was in Gryffindor and in his year, but she was not a Prefect or a Head Girl, so she had no business wandering around the castle after hours. "Hi Albus," she said softly. Despite the fact that it was now past midnight, she still had all her make-up on, and it was looking flawless. Albus blinked at her. "What're you doing wandering around this time of night?" "I could ask you the same thing," she said with a sheepish smile. "Can't sleep, but I'm a Prefect and you aren't, so you really should go back to bed –" Andrea rolled her eyes. "Oh, come on, Albus," she said with a tilted head. "It's Christmas." Albus didn't know what Christmas had to do with breaking school rules, so he simply said, "Yes, but you really shouldn't be outside of the Gryffindor Common Room." "Okay," she said, putting some of her dark brown hair behind her left ear. "Will you walk back with me?" Albus blinked again. "Er, why?" She grinned, her white teeth showing. Then she shrugged. "It's a little creepy around here late at night." Albus could not make neither heads nor tails of this scenario and he was surveying her with great suspicion. If she found Hogwarts "creepy" at night, why was she roaming the halls by herself? He wanted to ask her this, but instead, he heard himself say, "Well… all right. Let's go, then." Andrea walked close to him, way too close. Her right arm would brush against his, but when Albus moved further away from her, she moved in toward him. He was walking at risk of starting to run into the wall, so he eventually gave up. "So," Andrea said, "what is it you do for fun? You spend a lot of time in empty classrooms; what is it you're doing?" "Dragon blood," Albus muttered as Andrea's arm brushed against his again. "I am trying to find uses for the magical properties in dragon blood. Dragon blood is is extremely powerful, but surprisingly underutilized, so I am trying to discover new ways wizards and witches can benefit from it." "Oh," said Andrea in what sounded like feigned interest. "That's interesting. How do wizards get dragon blood anyway?" Albus could feel his brain clunking along very slowly. "I'm sorry?" "They're really mean, dragons. How do you collect it?" Albus tried to be kind; he tried to be understanding. He believed that it was important to be kind to everyone, and that there were all sorts of different people out there with their own unique sets of strengths and weaknesses, but the word stupid went blazing its way through his mind unwittingly. "You stun them," Albus said as patiently as possible. "Multiple witches and wizards stun them at one time." "Right," said Andrea, sounding as if she did not really care. Albus briefly wondered if she had slipped and smacked her head against something and was suffering from a concussion. This conversation made no sense whatsoever and she seemed very out-of-it. But of course, he couldn't think of a polite way to ask her if she had hit her head, so he changed the subject. "Are you excited to go home for the holidays?" he said finally. "Oh, yes," she said happily. "No more school work…." Then it seemed like she remembered who she was talking to. "I – I mean," she faltered, "I like, er, learning, but sometimes all the work stresses me out, you know?" Albus couldn't really agree, but he did not want to be impolite. He just grunted and then opted for silence. They had reached the Fat Lady. Andrea took a deep breath and spun on her heel so that she was facing him. She was close to him, far too close, and Albus felt like he was going to fall backwards. "You're really smart," she breathed as she drew closer to him still. He felt like his brain had stopped working and time started to go by very slowly. He did not fancy Andrea – he had never thought to himself that she was attractive or pretty, but he felt a rush of excitement and anxiety spread through him. Maybe he could come to like Andrea – she was popular anyway, so she must have some good qualities, right? This was the moment that teenage boys everywhere waited for. Wasn't a first kiss considered a milestone or something? But when Andrea pressed her lips against his, he felt… nothing. He was frozen. Andrea started to move her lips, but all he felt was a definite sense of anticlimax. Albus stepped backwards and scowled. "Don't do that," he said with a frown. He felt like he had just been cheated out of something that should have been wonderful. It was nothing like he had expected. He felt absolutely nothing for this girl and it bothered him. "What?" she said quizzically, looking puzzled. Albus took in a breath and reminded himself to be nice . "I'm sorry, Andrea – truly. It's just… I don't have any feelings for you." She stared at him. "I mean," he faltered, "you're really – er – pretty and everything, but –" "You are saying you aren't attracted to me?" she said coolly. "I'm sorry." A fire lit in her eyes. "You can't turn me down – no boy would ever turn me down! I'm the prettiest girl in this entire school! And you're ordinary -looking!" Oh, so this was her true nature. Albus' temper flared. "I just did turn you down," he said shortly. "Now go to bed before I report you. Have a Merry Christmas." Fuming, Andrea shouted the password at the Fat Lady and stormed off to bed. Once the portrait closed, the Fat Lady began to laugh. "Yes, very funny," Albus said angrily, yet he found himself smiling. The whole thing seemed funnier now that Albus was not facing Andrea's angry glare. "I am glad you are amused at my expense." The next morning, as Albus sat with Elphias eating scrambled eggs, Elphias pointed out something Albus hadn't noticed. "So, er, Albus?" said Elphias a little too animatedly for the early hour. Elphias had already had three cups of coffee and Albus was sure his caffeine addiction was going to give him a heart attack one day. Albus grumbled to let his friend know he was listening. "Why is every single girl looking at you with a furious expression?" Elphias asked. Albus looked up to see a gaggle of Gryffindor girls looking at him coldly down the left of the table. They quickly turned away in disgust and one even shook her head. "No idea," Albus lied promptly. He felt someone sit to his right and he looked over to see Fallon Jones. Her long honey-colored hair was behind her in a ponytail and she was grinning from ear to ear. "Fallon, why is every girl in our House mad at Albus?" Elphias inquired. Fallon laughed. "Oh God, Albus. Albus, did Andrea really snog you last night?" " WHAT ?" Elphias exclaimed so loudly that several people jumped. Some of the coffee he was holding spilled onto his arm. "Elphias," Fallon said impatiently, "put the coffee down…. Good. Albus, did she?" "Assaulted, more like," Albus said with a slight smile. "Why don't any girls assault me?" Elphias demanded. "I can't even get a girl to sit next to me in Charms." "So she's going around telling everyone how cruel I am that I turned her down?" asked Albus. "Yes, she is telling her sob story to any female that will listen," Fallon confirmed. "And everyone is angry because I cannot not kiss a girl back? Because I should have no choice in the manner?" "Well," Fallon said, "sort of. She is exaggerating a bit, I think. She's telling everyone that you pulled away and called her ugly." Albus' fork clattered to his plate. "I never said that!" he said, outraged. "I know," Fallon said. "Don't worry, I don't think every girl believes it. I certainly don't." "I can't believe you didn't kiss her back," said Elphias grumpily. "She's the most attractive girl in all of Hogwarts. After you, of course, Fallon," he added kindly. "Nice save, Elphias," Fallon said. "I've been told," said Albus wearily. "She threw a temper tantrum, she did. 'I'm the prettiest girl in the entire school.' Unbelievable." Fallon snorted. "Don't worry, tomorrow we go home and everyone will have forgotten about it by the time we get back." Yet the excitement of the ordeal was not over for Albus. Later that afternoon, Andrea cornered Albus again and demanded she wanted to speak to him in private as loudly as she possibly could in order to draw as much attention to the exchange as possible. "Of course," Albus agreed reluctantly, already feeling hot around the collar due to all of the eyes that were on him. "Great," said Andrea. As Albus unwittingly followed Andrea outside into the freezing cold, he was sure he saw Fallon