Hey guys. So this is my first story, I hope you all enjoy it. It's not gonna be very long, I've worked out about fifteen chapters. I'm halfway through writing the story so updates should be pretty regular. I really hope you enjoy this emotional and very real story. Many people unfortunately relate to the situation our Bella is going through. Anyway, enjoy and thanks for reading. Chapter 1 Bella POV We're Not in Kansas Anymore Bella, baby, it's time to get up; you don't wanna be late for your first day of school," I heard my mom, Renee, call up the stairs. I sat up in my new bed, my new sheets surrounding me, and signed, thinking about the horror of a day I was about to face. Anyone who had moved in high school knew that starting a new school was terrifying. However, starting a new school in a town of less than 400 people was even scarier. And, as if things couldn't get worse, it was March; middle of the semester. I groaned as I climbed out of bed and stretched, hearing my bones crack as I made my way to the bathroom to start my morning routine. Once I had emptied my bladder, I had a wash before making my way back into my bedroom and over to my closet, dodging boxes that had yet to be unpacked. I dressed simply in a pair of skinny jeans, a simple t-shirt and my trusty black converse. I brushed through my long wavy hair to remove the tangles and added a touch of mascara and lip gloss and I was ready to go. I grabbed my black jacket and my grey wool scarf along with my school bag which had already been packed and left my bedroom with one last sigh. When I made it downstairs I was hit by the smell of waffles and coffee. Making my way into the kitchen, I saw my mom dressed up in a fitted dark blue dress, her curly hair pinned up. She had managed to get a job working for Cullen Interiors as the personal assistant to the woman who owned it. "Morning, baby. You hungry?" I shook my head as I poured myself a cup of coffee. To be honest, my mom and I hadn't had the best relationship over the last year, and I knew it was my fault. We used to be close but after the accident, I shut her out, which I knew had hurt her but I couldn't help it. I didn't want to let anyone in. We sat in silence as she ate her waffles and I sipped on my coffee. When I was finished, I put the cup in the sink and picked up my bag, muttering goodbye and heading out. I picked up my car keys on the way out of the door and walked out. After I climbed into my car, I turned on the radio and made my way towards my new school. The drive to school was pretty simple; all I had to do was turn out of our road, onto Main Street and follow it down until I got to a sign welcoming me to Forks High . I drove around the parking lot until I found a space close to the entrance and parked. I looked around the lot as I climbed out and saw a few cars here and there and said a silent 'thank God' that I managed to dodge the stares, at least for now. When I walked into the reception office, I saw an older woman with dyed blonde hair and pale blue eyes dressed in a pink floral dress standing behind the desk. "Good morning, dear. Can I help you with something?" she asked in a gentle voice. "Um, yeah. I'm new." She smiled. "Oh, of course. I heard about the new family moving to town. Welcome to Forks High." I smiled slightly. "Your name?" "Isabella Swan." "That's a beautiful name, dear. Here is your schedule, a map of the school and a slip that you'll need to get all of your teachers to sign and then return it to me at the end of the day." I nodded. "Enjoy your first day, dear" "Thanks," I said quietly before I left. I checked my schedule and then looked at the map to look for the building I had to go to for homeroom. Just like the town itself, the school was pretty small, made up of five two-story buildings. When I got to homeroom, there was no-one else there so I took a seat right at the back, hoping it would stop people from staring at me. It did not. Ten minutes after I arrived, the classroom started filling up and every single person stared at me, which I expected. I did not, however, expect for them all to take it in turns to turn around and look at me when the teacher wasn't looking. This carried on for about twenty minutes until the teacher finally brought it up. "Okay, I can see that you've all noticed the shiny new toy at the back of the room," he said with a creepy laugh. "As you all know we have a new student joining us. Why don't you stand up and tell us your name, where you're from, etcetera." I blushed as I stood up and saw twenty or so faces looking at me. I cleared my throat. "Um, hi. I'm Isabella Swan, but I prefer to be called Bella. I just moved here with my mom from Kansas." I sat back down as quickly as I could. "Well, on behalf of your new homeroom class I say welcome to Washington, Bella. I'm Mr James." He smiled at me and wiped his greasy blond hair back. "Okay, moving on. We have some announcements." I blocked out the rest of what he was saying and, finally, the bell for first period rang. I checked my schedule and saw I had American History so I checked my map and made my way to where I needed to be. The morning passed fairly quickly and before I knew it was lunch. I made my way to the cafeteria and stood in line. I quickly grabbed a piece of pizza, an apple of a bottle of water and paid quickly before scanning the room to find an empty table. I finally found one towards the back of the room and started fast walking towards it. However, before I made it, I was stopped by three girls. One of them had curly brown hair down to her shoulders and grey eyes, the second had wavy blonde hair that fell to the middle of her back with dull blue eyes and the third had short dark brown hair with dark brown eyes. "Hi, I'm Jessica; this is Lauren and Angela. We've been hearing about you all day but none of us have had the chance to meet you. Do you wanna it with us?" I was about to say no, that I just wanted to find a table by myself and have some peace but then I remembered the promise I made to my mom on the drive from Kansas. "We're almost there, Bells. You excited?" she asked me. I could tell she was by the way she was almost bounding in the driver's seat. "Not really," I muttered quietly. She sighed, something she had been doing a lot when she spoke to me over the past year. "I want you to promise me something." "What?" "When we get to Forks, and you start your new school, I want you to promise that you'll at least try and make some friends. High school is a hard time and you can't spend the next year and a half alone." It was my turn to sigh. "What if I don't wanna make new friends?" "Baby, you know if your dad was here…" I cut her off. "But he's not." "But if he was, he would not want you to shut everyone out." I sighed again. "Fine, I'll try make new friends." She smiled and then began singing to the awful Taylor Swift song that came on the radio. "Sure," I told the girls with a forced smile as I followed them over to a table where four guys were sitting. "Guys, this is the new girl." She turned to me for me to say my name. "Bella." She smiled. "This is Bella. Bella, this is Mike, Eric, Ben and Tyler." They all smiled and said hello. "Sit, sit, sit. We wanna know everything about you." "Everything?" I asked nervously. She and Lauren nodded enthusiastically. "Um, okay then. I'm from a small town called Cherokee in Kansas, just north of the Oklahoma boarder." "What do your parents do?" Lauren asked. "Um, my mom is a personal assistant for an interior designer." "And your dad?" Jessica asked. I froze. I knew I'd have to answer questions about my dad someday, I never thought it would be on my first day. Without going into detail I simply said, "It's just my mom and I." They all looked like they wanted to push for more information, except for Angela, who spoke up quickly and changed the subject by asking why my interests were. When lunch hour finished, we all stood up and Mike asked, "So, Bella, what class you got next?" I checked my schedule and said, "Biology." He smiled widely. "Great. I'm in that class too." "Me too," Tyler spoke quickly. "So am I," Eric followed. "We can show you the way." Angela rolled her eyes. "I'm in that class too but I have to go to the bathroom first. You wanna come, Bella, and we can walk to class together?" I nodded my head enthusiastically and followed her to the bathroom with a quick wave to the others. We walked to the bathroom in silence and she walked into a cubical while I waited for her by the sinks. When she was done she began washing her hands and I finally said something. "Thank you. For changing the subject earlier. And for not making me walk to class with them." She smiled. "You're welcome. I wouldn't make my worst enemy walk to class with those three clowns. And I could tell you didn't wanna talk about you dad, for whatever reason." I smiled back. As much as I hated to admit it, and as much as I didn't wanna let anyone in, Angela seemed like the kinda person you couldn't help but like. "You ready?" she asked. I nodded and we left, making our way towards biology class. When we got there, she went and sat down and I gave the slip of paper to the teacher for him to sign like I had in all of my other classes that day. "Ah, yes, Miss Swan. Welcome. I have a seat for you right here." He led me down the aisle to the third row. The desk I had been led to had someone else already seated. He was a pale boy, although I couldn't see his face because he was facing down, looking at his phone that was hidden under the desk. His hair was a strange copper color. "Okay, class. Ready to begin. Put your cell phone away, Mr Cullen or I will have it off of you and you can have it back at the end of the day." The boy put his phone in his jacket pocket and looked up. "Sorry, Mr Molina." I still couldn't see him properly because he was facing sideways but I could see his remarkably well structured cheek bones and sharp jaw bone. "Thank you. As you've probably heard we have a new student, Isabella Swan. She's just moved here from Kansas. Welcome Miss Swan." I ducked my head down, trying to hide the blush on my cheeks from once again being the center