This more follows the book than the movie. And it's angsty. Extremely. I wanted to get everybody right in the feels, especially after the release of Mockingjay Part One. But I'm proud of it, and hope you guys like it! I was going to make it a chapter story but couldn't find a good place to end it, it just seemed like one continuous piece. So here's the result. Review if you like it, maybe I'll write more! Review if you didn't like it, tell me what I could improve on! Review, please? ;) Enjoy! Love you all! Percyjacksonfan3 oooOOOooo When they take the bag off of his head he thinks he'll be blind from how white it all is. For the past month (?), week (?), days (?) he's been in the dark. Literally and figuratively. But this room, this room is white. White walls, white floor, white table and chairs and no windows to add any other colour. And the man waiting for him. He wears white, his hair is white and the rose- somehow the rose's whiteness stands out more than any other white in the room. His cell- for there is no other word for it, despite the place being furnished and more comfortable than he expected- is full of shadows. There is no light but the glow from under his cell door and through the bars in a small square hole about where his head would be at the door. Peeta's been terrorized, interrogated and harassed by many strangers. Before they brought him here they changed his plain, grey clothes- boxers, a pair of pants and a simple t-shirt- to an identical white set. Even so, he thinks it's because his old clothes are dirty. He doesn't think it's important or symbolic in any way until he sees who's waiting for him. He's expecting another nameless man in a suit. A cunning looking woman who tries to dig deep and jar him emotionally. Even a peacekeeper, despite the fact that he hasn't been beaten. He gets none of these people. Instead, the person sitting calmly on the other side of the rectangular table, hands folded on its surface, is President Snow. Peeta doesn't know what to think. He's been around the president a handful of times, but this is different- obviously. President Snow has looked down upon him from his mansion's balcony, has stood beside him to publicly congratulate him on his fake-engagement to Katniss ( don't think her name, not here, not here, don't associate this place with her, she's too good, but he can`t help it anymore) and had been feet away as he placed half of a victors crown on his head. But this is different. Snow has never looked at Peeta over the surface of a table in an interrogation/torture/manipulation room before. Snow is cunning, Peeta would have known this even without his quiet threats to Katniss, or Haymitch's warning words to both of them to prove it. Snow is smart and powerful, not to mention power hungry. A dangerous combination. His eyes are hard and Peeta can smell the enhanced perfume of the rose in his suit lapel. A white rose, of course. Does he ever wear any different? But there's a different smell too, one of blood and sickness, and Peeta resists the urge to gag. He grew up in District 12. He's been in two Hunger Games arenas and held people as they died. He's smelled worse things than a little blood mixed with the smell of a rose. "Peeta." The word is warm, inviting. Very out of place, considering Peeta is a prisoner and President Snow is the captor. "I trust you're being well taken care of." It's not so much an inquiry as a statement. President Snow knows exactly how Peeta is being treated at the moment. Nothing happens under his orders that he doesn't know every detail of. But Peeta has always been good with words and lies. They are his strong suit, after all. He's had little over a year now to practice and become a master. "Quite, thank you." Snow smiles, but it's not warm. It's condescending and pitying. "You must have questions for me." Peeta has many questions, all of them ones that Snow could answer, but the baker's boy knows he would never get a straight answer out of the President and doesn't want to waste his breath. He sits quietly instead, watching, waiting. "Not even about our young Katniss Everdeen?" Snow inquires casually, but his eyes are watching Peeta closely, never moving from his face. Peeta's hands clench, involuntarily, and he's sure Snow notices. He doesn't care. Hearing the president call Katniss ours , as if she somehow belongs to them both, momentarily makes Peeta forget he's supposed to be playing nice. "She's with the Rebels," Snow tells him. "It is a pity how she left you behind for dead." There's no honesty behind his words. Peeta can't help but clench his fists again before releasing the tension in them. He adopts the face he's worn many times, the expression he gives everybody when someone from the Capitol asks him how he and Katniss are doing. The face he first gave Effie when she asked if maybe the star-crossed lovers act wasn't completely an act for him. "Oh I don't think it was her who left me behind," Peeta tells him as if he's just talking about the weather to an old friend. "If you'd been in the arena, hearing her scream my name, trying to find me, I doubt you would think so either." "Not her?" The President asks, raising one eyebrow slightly. "Who, then?" Peeta shrugged. "Whoever's in charge over there." "You don't know?" "I don't." "She never told you." Peeta meets the Presidents eyes. "She didn't know either, at the time." Now Snow's smile really is condescending, as if he somehow found Peeta cute, like a child. Full of words, but fake words. Like a child who believes in Santa Clause. Someone who deludes themselves, thinking they know better. "Peeta." Snow's voice is supposed to be sincere and gentle, Peeta supposes, but it comes out disbelieving. "You've seen the footage. She blew up the arena, letting the rebels send in their hovercrafts to collect her; to collect her, but leave you behind. It's quite obvious she knew something." This is dangerous territory, and Peeta knows it. He has no idea what Katniss knew or didn't know about the rebellion, but he's sure, with everything he has, that she would have done everything in her power to save him. He was the only thing she had from home in that arena. When she told him she needed him when they were sitting on the beach in the arena of the Quarter Quell there was honesty in her eyes. He saw it. Maybe not like he needed her, but needing is still needing. It isn't an option, and it drives you to do almost anything you can to make sure the thing you need is safe. Hadn't they done that for each other, time and time again? "She didn't know." "I assure you that she did." Snow sounds so certain that for a second, just a fleeting moment, Peeta is unsure. Could it be true? Could Katniss have knowingly left him for dead, to be tortured by the Capitol for all she knew? It would make things easier for her and Gale. No. He regrets the thought and guilt fills him at the unfairness of it. Snow is wrong, or trying to trick him. Peeta won't let it work because he knows better. She wouldn't have left him. Because Peeta loves her, and he could never love somebody who would be so selfish. Even if she doesn't love him like he loves her- and he isn't sure if she does or not- she's still Katniss. Katniss, who protects anybody and everybody she can. Katniss who covered Rue in flowers and volunteered for Prim at the Reaping. Peeta stays silent. "And since she knew, you either know something," Snow continues when it becomes obvious he won't speak. "Or she left you in the dark because she doesn't care." "Maybe she cares too much," Peeta says quietly. "Maybe, if she really does know something, she didn't say anything to me for this exact reason. So that I have nothing to offer you." "Oh, you have a lot to offer me." Snow says quietly before changing topics faster than Peeta can figure out what he means with his words. "But I think you're reasoning is flawed. Tell me one time when she genuinely showed you that she cared about you. So far, I have seen none. You care for her, tragically so, but from what I see, Katniss cares only for her sister and her... hunting partner. Her father, as well, if he was alive today. But I don't think Katniss even cares about her own mother. Why would she care about you, a boy who was the reason she almost died countless times? You're nothing to her, Mr. Mellark. An inconvenience at best, a cause of endless torment, annoyance and confusion at worst. You pressure her and guilt her for what she feels for Mr. Hawthorne. With you gone... what stops her from being with him? There is no more public to impress. Not with the star-crossed lovers act. No sponsors needed, no games to pretend for. Why does she need you now, when she has everyone from her life before the Games already?" Peeta is staring at the edge of the table. "You're wrong," he says tightly, but can find no words to back up the statement. Words, his constant companion, are suddenly eluding him at the time he needs them most. Snow leans forward. "She doesn't need you." His breath reaches Peeta at the same time his next words do. "Mr. Mellark, she doesn't love you." Somehow Peeta manages to laugh, an action that causes Snow to sit back in his chair. But it's funny, isn't it, that Snow thinks he can break Peeta with those four words that Peeta already knows by heart? It's funny that Snow doesn't know his real weakness- not yet. But Peeta thinks he'll go back and study every moment Peeta is caught on screen and every conversation recorded with a bug from a room to try to figure it out. Snow studies his prey before he goes in for the kill. He thought he'd known Peeta's weakness. He doesn't. Isn't that funny? Or is he just going mad? "Oh, you're not telling me anything new there." Peeta says. "I already knew that." He stands up and, with a final dip of Snow's head that signals a brief goodbye, Peeta turns and walks away. Hopefully leaving Snow with even less knowledge than he came in the room with. oooOOOooo "We have Katniss Everdeen in a cell and she'll be tortured endlessly and mercilessly for information if you don't tell us what we want to know." For a second real, encompassing fear swallows him. What? How could that have happened? How could the Rebels have let Katniss out of their sight, even for a second, to let her be captured? How could they be so stupid- even Haymitch would have known better. Haymitch. Peeta feels the new emotions that always come when he thinks about Haymitch these days. Anger. Betrayal. Hurt. But also a quiet resignation because he knows that Haymitch would have saved Peeta if he could. And he also knows that he had to get Katniss first. Peeta, unlike his captors, has put some of the pieces of the puzzle together in his time here. He's sure that Katniss didn't know about the rebellion. Just like he didn't. She had been just as confused as he was when the victors in the Quarter Quell kept dying to save the two of them. Has she figured out why they did it? Does she know