Disclaimer: I don't own anything! oooOOOooo "Welcome, welcome!" Effie trilled with forced enthusiasm as she opened the door. "Just take a seat, the avoxes will be happy to serve you in just a moment!" "Care for a drink?" Haymitch asked their guest with a sweep of his arm to the sofa, indicating where he should sit. "No, thank you." Mantoli answered as he draped his coat over the back of the couch before sitting down. "I know of your reputation with alcohol, Abernathy." Haymitch grinned wickedly. "More for me." " Haymitch ," Effie reprimanded, stopping the mentor, and her new colleague, as he picked up a glass. She turned her attention to the man before her. Long brilliant yellow hair pulled back into a ponytail at the nape of his pale neck, light blue eyes with swirling black ink designs in the whites around them, multiple piercings in both ears and an outfit bordering on ridiculous even, Effie thought, by Capitol standards. She forced a sweet smile once more, voice coming out warm and inviting. "Would you like anything to eat?" "Oh no," Mantoli answered her, eyes raking over her figure just as she sat down, Haymitch sitting a foot or so away from her- for once without a glass of alcohol in hand. "I just ate," he continued explaining after a beat of silence. Effie nodded understandingly, playing her part as the enchanting hostess. Haymitch cleared his throat from beside her. "So of course you know why you're here." Mantoli reluctantly turned his eyes away from Effie to the man. "Yes," he answered before hesitating. "Now I can see how your two tributes have a good chance at winning but how can I be sure that one of them will be the victor this year? Why not spend my money on one with better odds?" Effie smiled at the sponsor before her. "Ah, but these two are different." "Yes," Haymitch jumped in at her pointed look. "Did you see the girl's training score? Didn't you watch as the boy made the strategic move of immediately aligning with the biggest tribute pack in the Games?" "Who now want to kill him." "Yes, but it's not him we're aiming to get out of the arena," Haymitch said, a hint of impatience layering his voice. "It's the girl. Peeta is already trying to save her, she's surviving quite well on her own, and you've seen the same footage I have. Look me in the eye and tell me her odds of winning this thing aren't higher than anyone could have expected." It was, Effie thought, an impressive argument. She may hate Haymitch Abernathy with a passion; his lack of manners, tact, propriety and other social qualities making him absolutely repulsive to her. The way he chose to drown himself in alcohol, to live in his own stink. How he was so closed off and just unhappy. Effie was almost his polar opposite, and she detested the man that, if she was being perfectly honest, should just do himself the favour of picking up the gun and end his own misery. However he either didn't have the courage or willpower to do so. She may hate him but he did know how to work sponsors when he put his mind to it. "And we all know that when you put enough pressure on coal it turns into pearls!" She squeals, jumping back into the conversation. "Who's to say our tributes from the coal district won't do the same?" She hears Haymitch snort from beside her and turns, sending him a glare to be quiet which he, thankfully, complies to, obviously understanding her meaning behind it. Despite only meeting this year for the Games, Effie has found they can read each other quite well. "Right," he said with restrained laughter in his voice. "All we're saying is that you should definitely bet on these two. This year District 12 isn't going down without a fight- in fact if Effie and I have anything to do about it," Haymitch says, glancing at her, "one of them won't be going down at all." Mantoli studied them both for a few seconds before nodding. "Well," he said. "They do seem to have a fighting chance. And I can't honestly say that I don't want one of the star crossed lovers to go home to District 12, maybe lighten the place up." He pursed his lips before nodding, finally. "I'm in." Effie squealed and looked over at Haymitch in joy as Mantoli pulled out his cheque book, reaching out to take his hand in her happiness. He met her eyes and smiled, a smile of relief, and Effie can tell that even if the gruff man doesn't show it so much, he's just as happy as her to have won over the man before them. That wasn't so hard really, she mused to herself as she shook Mantoli's hand and led him to the door. It wasn't so bad working with Haymitch when he wasn't drunk and insulting. At least he wasn't completely incompetent. And she would only realize it looking back later, but that meeting had been the beginning of an amazing team. oooOOOooo "Oh yes," Effie nodded in response to a Capitol citizen's compliment. "Yes, I am so proud of my pearls from District 12. They really are stunning aren't they? And I'm just so happy they made it out together, you know, because they both love each other so much." The purple haired, fake breasted female before her nodded. "Of course, this is your first victor- or should I say victors- isn't it? You must be so happy." "Hmm," Effie nodded in agreement, noticing Haymitch on his way over to her from across President Snow's ballroom. Over the course of the 74th Hunger Games, actually winning the Games, all of the parties, closing celebrations and now here, on the Victory Tour, Effie had acquired first a grudging respect, and then an almost unthinkable liking for the man. He was vulgar, yes, absolutely vulgar; but those rare moments when she saw him watching Katniss and Peeta with fondness in his eyes, the times he would annoy her and insult her with words that had quickly become almost endearing… she loved those moments. They showed the side of him that hadn't closed itself off by drowning itself in alcohol, or numbed itself from pain by not opening up. It showed Effie that despite what he liked you to think, there was still a part of Haymitch that cared for and protected people. She had learned, partly from late, sometimes drunken, conversations with him, partly from talking with others and her own research that he had lost too many people close to him. She now knew and understood why he acted the way he did, protecting himself from caring again, making himself repulsive to others so that they didn't want to be near him. Didn't want or try to care about him. She knew why he did it, but that didn't mean it worked. Peeta cared about him, the silly, loving, protecting boy that he was. Even Katniss, with all her cool exterior and walls that were impossible for Effie herself to break through, looked to the mentor with an almost daughter like affection. And Effie, despite how much she told herself not to, cared about Haymitch. Sometimes she felt like he was her only real friend, one to confide in. Effie, being the selfish creature she was at heart, piled her problems on him when he already had so much to deal with in the first place. But she sensed it helped him, in some way. Focusing on other people's problems was better than dwelling on his own. They had had many a late night conversation on the train- never in a bedroom of course that just wouldn't be proper. Him sharing piece by little piece of himself and his thoughts with her, her ranting about things as inconsequential as fashion or trends to things as important as the dictatorship of their world and how sometimes she was just so tired of acting like it was all okay. Of pretending that she didn't hate herself sometimes when she was left alone. "Hey sweetheart," he greeted her now, sarcastically, sliding up next to her and wrapping an arm around her waist, one she quickly slapped away. He laughed at her as she felt the loss of heat. "Miss me?" She sighed at him, exasperated, and turned to the woman she was talking to. Belinda? Linda? She couldn't really remember. "This," she said in a light tone, "is the mentor of District 12, winner of the 50th Hunger Games-" "Haymitch Abernathy," the unnamed woman said, her voice changing to be almost a purr. Effie's eyes shot over to her and saw the green eyes sweep over Haymitch in obvious appreciation. Disgust filled Effie at the sight. Haymitch wasn't even that attractive. Really, what was it that drew these stupid women to victors of past Games? Just because they won a competition doesn't make them amazing. For all this girl knew Haymitch could be a heinous human being. Which wasn't all that far from the truth. Effie decided at that moment that she didn't like the woman. "In the flesh," Haymitch took a mock bow and jolted ever so slightly, Effie was sure she was the only one to catch it. When he stood up she detected a faint trace of alcohol on his breath. But she ignored it. "Haymitch, you know, I think this is the perfect time for a dance!" Effie exclaimed, forced enthusiasm lacing her tone. Haymitch dragged his eyes away from the woman in front of him, who was obviously attempting to flirt with him, and looked at Effie. "Not a chance." "Come on! It'll be fun." Effie smiled and grabbed his hand, feeling something jittery go through her as she did. It must have been the alcohol of her previous drink. "Trinket-" She smiled sweetly at him, pink lips pulled up, eyes sparkling, pink hair framing her face in one of her few wigs with hair down. Haymitch sighed. "Fine," he muttered. "As if I have a choice." "Exactly," Effie replied easily before leading him onto President Snow's ballroom dance floor. This victory tour party was in full swing and Effie was enjoying every minute of it. She ignored the puking sounds coming from bathrooms and smiled and waved at anyone whose eyes she met. Haymitch was her saviour from the overwhelming fakeness of it all. This was her night, the time for showing off her victors, and Effie made a good show of doing it. She paraded them around, introducing them and such, before they went off to dance and she started mingling herself. But Capitol conversations grew increasingly boring after a while and Haymitch, if nothing else, was not boring. "Effie," he spoke as they turned to be face to face. "I really don't dance." "Well now," she said, "you can practice." He sighed and took her right hand in his left, wrapping the other around her waist and pulling her a bit closer. Victory, she decided, was hers at the moment. "So what do you really look like underneath all of this crap," he said after a few seconds, gesturing with one hand to her wig, excessive makeup, dress and other attire. Effie paused a bit before moving again, something Haymitch definitely noticed. "Terrible," she said. He snorted. "As if I believe that." "Believe it," she said quietly, not kidding around. "Compared to everyone else I'm so…. plain. Boring. If you took this off of me," she said, meaning the makeup and the outfit, "and placed me in a room with 50 others you either wouldn't notice me or you'd skip right over me." She raised her eyes to meet his and saw him staring at her, an intense look on his face. "Is that really so bad?" He asked her. She