Okay, so I did the first chapter of The Lightning Thief through a few layers of Google Translate. It was, in order, Spanish, Latin, German, French, Italian and Greek. Then I translated it back to English. Here you go guys! Hope you like it. I do not want to Metis. If you think you can not be , because what we read , my advice is to say , now you can close this book. I believe that everything you see , you, the father or mother of your birth , and try to live a normal life . This means dangerous blood. It's scary . Most of the time , were killed by the ingratitude and pain can procure him some great . If you think a child love reading fiction . Read. The fact that you are not jealous , is that when it comes to faith . But if you recognize the convergence of mass, that is - stop reading now . For us. And they have a point , you know it's only a matter of time before they come to hear you . I'm not saying that I have seen . My name is Percy Jackson. Twelve years ago , I was born . Until a few months ago , my students in college Yancy, was troubled by the private school for children in New York State . I was in turmoil , and a kid from the flock ? This is done . Could be. I could make life difficult for those small to try to start, but someone has started badly when finally in the sixth grade , took the class path of Manhattan - twenty children - and the mind , the cause of the Metropolitan Museum of Art search yellow school bus to the Roman period the teacher on the platform . It appears again . Most of these visits Yancy. But Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher under the direction of travel , so that confidence . In the second half , engine, Mr. Brunner was in a wheelchair . If thinning hair , scruffy jacket tweed, felt the need of coffee , backed by attaching and beard . There are many things you can think of is , but the kind of stories in games and allow us to fight a joke . I had to put up with this great collection of Roman arms , and a teacher who does not sleep alone. I thought the Internet. Certainly not once a problem , I hoped . Boy, was I wrong . View trips , bad things happen to me. While he was in fifth grade , and an accident , for example , if we have. Saratoga plane , a revolutionary turmoil of war , I do not get a school bus , and of course is the airport . Earlier, in his fourth year at school , with swimming pool behind the scenes sea cholesterol , I hit the wrong kind of got a little style tanks gate . " And the third. . . You get the idea . This trip was decided to be good. Until the city of Nancy Bobofit allow freckled friend can go wild pieces grilled peanut butter sandwiches Grover kleptomaniac . Grover was an easy target . It was fine . The fire is gone . Always do different things in place , and show that there are only a few things at the beginning of sixth graders with a beard on chin acne . Moreover , it was not bad. But this requires a Memorandum of Understanding with any kind of heart disease , had muscular legs . Went bad , like every step funny , but not silly . Have you seen enchiladas day in the canteen can free path . Nancy brown hair , threw bundles Sandwich, connect Bobofit and I know that now he could do nothing to test. And I said , if the university is death , what is wrong is unlikely to speak, or that happened , the suspension of the table as you go. " They will kill you ," I whispered . Churches Grover. "Option . Prefers peanut butter . " He dodged another food Nancy . "That 's all. " He wanted to get up, but Grover went to my throne . " It is an experiment ," he said . " Do you know if you are responsible . " And in retrospect, I have given my right arm and Bobofit Nancy . At school , the destruction would have been exposed had to go on the screen . Mr. Brunner was here . He sat there until a wheelchair in the eyes of all , we bring you eco galleries , signs of black glass , marble , or old man , full of autumn was a golden hue. For me, this is killing thousands of years before and distance. We gather about four feet from the column for Great Sphinx from above, put it, says the memorial in the temple of our time with the young woman. It reminds us that the carvings on the sides. I have heard , because it is very interesting , but all spent talking to me , and said they had already closed the teacher chaperone , and Mrs. Dodd: give me the eye. This was little , always wore a black leather jacket math teacher Mrs. Dodd of Georgia , too , and 50 years . And that is to see , to drive a Harley right into your wardrobe is pretty average . Yancy has half of last year came math teacher had a nervous breakdown. On the first day , loved how natural and Mrs. Dodd, Nancy Bobofit the devil they produce. This curve with finger said, " Now , honey , " the truth of the school after one month delay would be sweet , I know. And it came to pass , as they do , the old math measure Replies book in the middle of the night , and have not said Mrs Dodd Grover man . He looked very serious. "You're absolutely right " Mr. Brunner talks about the art of the Greeks , a funeral . In short , the boy naked Nancy Bobofit around the temple , I turned and smiled at me and said , " Why " Important as I came . And the worst of the group. Mr. Brunner finished . "Mr. Jackson ," he said , "it was for me at all? " Red face . And he said : "The Lord . " Mr. Brunner, like I said , from the lists of the temple . " Perhaps the image you want to say ? " I felt a wave of relief sculpture that really recognizes . " Thank you, eat such as Kronos, is not it ? " "Yes ," said Brunner, is not disclosed. " And this ... " " Well ... " torture brain remember . " Kronos was the king of the gods , and - " "God ," asked Mr. Brunner. " Titan " I am the ' only solution . . " ... And let the guys who are not gods , so that Cronus ate his wife one child was still a hidden God gave Kronos a rock to eat then the room would rise with Jupiter , " - wrong , father Cronus spit brothers . Book "eeew" girls behind me . " - And for this reason , among the gods , and the mass of the Titans ," I said , " and the winner of the gods . " It's crazy now . I whispered Bobofit Mark, a friend , "What do you mean to office life , if we use our customers , why , I wonder , the son of Saturn eating . " . " And because Mr. 13" Brunner said , "Miss Bobofit those items that do not care for life " "Busted", said Grover. " Be quiet , " hissed Nancy sees the bright red hair . Nancy, but I do not. Have you been told that you care Mr. Brunner. Radar and ears . I thought the question and my shoulders . " I do not know , sir. " By " seeing " . K. Brunner, studied art . "And I think that half of Mr. Jackson. Mix mustard and wine , God is the food that Kronos lead the other five children are immortal , increases stomach to digest the Titans completely live without. Redeem The remaining enemy Tartarus , the darkest part of the scythe . Note that time , dinner , happy. Marcus Dodd, joined us " And such , I went and her daughter on her back , men horns with each other , and - certainly makes Doo. Grover and Mr. Brunner is important to note that it was said : "Jackson is the internet . " I knew that would happen . LEAD Grover said. And I turned to Mr. Brunner. " My Lord ? " Many shot Brunner, had faced - was able to see all the brown eyes and a thousand years. "The demand for this purpose it is necessary to say , " Thank you, said Brunner. " Many of the Titans ? " "Life . Businesses and study with him . " "O". "What is for me," he said , "is very important. Hoping done. Take the best way to Percy Jackson. " It was angry , so I pressed . And " dressed in the armor of the Romans , who went to a tournament is a little" cold , the days of the company , and " what you want " for us, on behalf of the brand, Crete, Greece , and money , everything that was there, and executed her mother, and worshiped God. , Even if Mr. Brunner, however , with dyslexia , the decision for the rest of what he did, and maybe do not want to have dirty and my care 100 also not as good so do not expect me to review the better. . and all, to hear the truth , it could be, let alone write correctly . I tried , but the bronze is harder , mumbled something about the girl , but it was the funeral of Mr. Brunner time taken. He spoke , and eat dinner . It was in front of his feet sex lakes where you can see to walk along Fifth Avenue collected . The head of a violent storm hovering over me, and the dark clouds would have seen in the city life . I thought that global warming or something, that fate was a rainstorm that Christ in New York State . We had a huge snow storm , running, flash . There is no doubt that in this case , the Linux blowing a whirlwind , She appeared not to notice . This threw Columba Luncheables some guys have any questions. Nancy Bobofit BAG THIEF , until the girl out of the bag , and for this reason , Ms. Dodd has not seen . Grover sitting by the spring of others. If one of you should also believe and know that it has been in other parts of the school of all who were not of us , the losers of the school . By " generation ," Grover asked. "No," I said . . " I do not want only that, even if sometimes my Brunner - ways .. I'm not " Neither time Grover. It was going to seen'm deep philosophical comment to make me feel better, he said , "I prefer? " The appetite is not very large, but the point is driving too. Fifth Avenue has seen cabins river , my mother and I thought that the men