The sunlight shone through the trees like droplets of golden rain, falling down upon the deep green of grass and other forestry at the feet of a black horse. Water splashed around my feet as I rode through a small brook, my hand gripping tightly to my horse's mane. The black steed shivered in the cold of the water, late autumn as it were. "Do not worry Niethen." I said, laying my hand on his neck gently, "We will stop soon." Niethen, my horse, as black as night, a single white star on his forehead, tossed his head impatiently, looking at me with reproachful eyes as if to say, "We have been riding all night! When will this end?" I smiled. "I am sorry Niethen..." I said whispered, "But we could not stay there... orcs roam freely across these forests. It was much too dangerous." Niethen looked at me again. "I do not fear orcs." I replied to the question I knew was burning in his eyes, "I only wish to be cautious towards their numbers. We will rest when we reach Bree. Do not look at me like that. It is less than a league away." The trees were my home as I rode through them, swiftly but carefully, keeping my eyes sweeping about me. "Alright," I finally said, "you win." Niethen stopped at my command at the side of a calm river, the water seeming to be unmoving. Jumping down I raised my arms above my head in a stretch, listening to my back crack in at least three different places from the lack of movement. Tilting my head up into the setting sun, still an hour away from Bree I rolled my neck and set my bow on the ground beside the river, making my hands into a cup and splashing the cool liquid onto my face. Niethen stood beside me, drinking and I patted his neck again. "We will leave soon, Niethen." I said and stood up, staring at my reflection in the river. I looked young for the near one thousand years I had walked this earth, Elven as I was with long brown hair and deep green eyes, a fair complexion and a thin, yet generously muscular, body. As it usually did a green, hooded cloak hung over my attire consisting of a brown vest and deep green tunic. Brown legging pants and boots adorned my bottom half. I wore no jewelry but the vine bracelet that hung on my wrist, having been there since before I could remember. My weapons were varied. A small ax hung on my belt beside a long sword, Anhuin it was called. A bow and arrows were hung around my shoulder, my primarily used weapon. I pulled back my hair as I watched myself in the river and tied it back with a green piece of cloth sighing heavily. I stood, looking into my reflection blankly, seeing the emptiness in the reflection's eyes... Suddenly, with a gasp I saw an arm in the reflection below and turned around, pulling out my sword to parry the oncoming sword... it was an orc. I skillfully twisted my arm, making the wide sword fall from the orc's hand and onto the grass behind... and my sword went through his chest, making him fall to the ground. He was dead. The creature that lay at my feet was one of the ugliest I had ever seen. Its skin frightfully deformed and its teeth razor sharp and disgusting. In every way this creature was intimidating, from its looks to its obvious muscle and thick sword. More would be coming, I knew, and, after wiping the small trickle of blood that ran down my face from the hilt of the orc's sword, I called Niethen, who came out from behind a tree and approached me. I leapt upon my horse, my breath slightly heavy and my eyes wary as I took off at a full gallop towards Bree. "I told you!" I said to Niethen, riding with all haste, the sound of the raged roars of orcs nearly lost, even to my Elf ears, behind me. When, in an hours time, I saw the gate to Bree I breathed a sigh of relief, glancing behind me into the rainy night only briefly, my hair sopping wet, even through my cloak. I leapt off of Niethen and onto the wet, muddy ground, my boots splashing though no water hitting my feet. I knocked on the gate loudly, fearful that no one would hear. My fears were not answered though for the wrinkly, cross face of an old man peeped out of the door. "A woman?" his voice was cross and high pitched as if belonged to a woman witch. I said nothing as he opened the door of the gate, "A she-elf!" I nodded and wrapped my cloak around myself closer. "What business do you have here in Bree?" he asked me suspiciously. I smiled at him. "I only wish to seek hospitality at the Inn. I am a Ranger, therefore have no home to find it elsewhere. Please, the road has been long." The man seemed to contemplate for a moment before nodding. "Very well Miss." He said, "But steer clear of the residents here. They trust not Elves." I raised my eyebrows thoughtfully and thanked him, walking in through the door, Niethen behind me. I walked through Bree quietly, my head bent, avoiding all manner of talk with the people who did not trust my kind. The sign for the Prancing Pony swayed in the wind and I smiled, letting go of Niethen's mane and turning to him. "Go find a stable to stay in, Niethen." I told him, "I will call you when we leave tomorrow." Niethen bowed his head and I rubbed it... one of my very few friends... my horse... watching him trot away I smiled and pushed open the door to the Inn, pulling off my hood and shaking out my wet hair. The cut on my face had begun to bleed again and I frowned, wiping it off with my sleeve. All around me was the smell of alcohol, and humans, the sights of drunken and heartily partying men all around me. My all observing eyes noticed four Hobbits sitting at a table. I smiled as I grabbed the mug of ale as it was handed to me. Rolling my neck I turned to watch the Hobbits, two of which seemed to be very nervous, which I found peculiar for a Hobbit. I watched as the Hobbit with blue eyes and black hair tapped the man handing out bread on the leg, pointing over to the corner... where a hooded figure sat, smoking a pipe. He stared intently at the Hobbit as I scrutinized him... could he be?... no. I ran my hand through my wet hair and finished off my ale, readying myself to ask the tender where my room was. As I stood up, my legs aching from the use only about a half hour before, a strange sound wafted through the air... "Baggins... Baggins... Baggins!" I wrinkled my brow, I smell trouble. "Baggins? Sure I know a Baggins." I turned to see a young Hobbit, his voice of what would be called by you Irish, and his face cheery. "He's over there. Frodo Baggins." I turned to where the Hobbit was pointing and saw the black haired Hobbit. I frowned as he quickly closed his hand over something shiny in his hand... it looked like a Ring. "He's my second cousin, once removed on his mother's side and my third cousin, twice removed..." The said Hobbit named Frodo began to run through the Men, trying to get to the talkative Hobbit. I looked upon the scene with curious yet troubled eyes... the Man in the corner pulled his pipe from his mouth. I would recognize him anywhere... but it couldnt be... "Pippin!" Frodo exclaimed and pulled the said Pippin down from the table that he was sitting on. "Steady on, Frodo!" Pippin said, his drink spilling and his face wrinkled in a frown. Frodo tripped on a Man's foot, tumbling back onto the ground... something flew from his hand and the Man in the corner rose to his feet, keeping one eye on him as I was. Turning back to the Hobbit, Frodo Baggins, on the ground I saw the Ring fall through the air and land on his finger... it slipped over it and... the Hobbit disappeared! All the Hobbits around him gasped and I widened my eyes in horror, backing away... the Ring of Power! My Elven ears, which picked up even the littlest sounds in this bar heard the quick but loud and frightening scream... of a Nazgul. "No." I whispered and looked down for the Hobbit, who in the events of the few moments that I had turned around had yanked the Ring off of his finger, breathing heavily. The image of the Eye of Sauron flashed in my mind and I blinked furiously, trying to rid myself of it. The Man that had been sitting in the corner reached down, quicker than sight and grabbed the Hobbit off the ground. "You draw far too much attention to yourself, 'Mr. Underhill'." He said mockingly and began to drag Frodo up the stairs. I gaped at him a moment before smiling... Aragorn. Slipping outside of the door and out into the rain I went to the back of the Inn, quickly climbing a slippery tree in the rain and to the open window, hiding in the shadows. I peeked inside of the window just in time to see the Hobbit Frodo being pushed inside the door and back up to the corner of the room. "What do you want?" he asked. The Man that I knew turned, licking his fingers and putting out candles, a small hissing sound being made each time. "A little more caution from you. That is no trinket you carry." I smiled... yes, that was the fellow Ranger I knew. "I carry nothing." "Indeed. I can avoid being seen if I wish but to disappear entirely..." He pulled off his hood and my smile widened. His slight growth of hair on his face, his gentle brown eyes, his brown hair that fell to his shoulders, and kind face, "that is a rare gift." "Who are you?" Frodo asked suspiciously. "Are you frightened?" Aragorn asked, almost mockingly. "Yes." "Not nearly frightened enough. I know what hunts you." The rain was beginning to fall lighter, but my booted feet still threatened to slip on the branch. Aragorn began to walk towards the Hobbit, before suddenly the door burst open. Quickly, Aragorn turned, his sword whipping out with the speed that I had seen on our many adventures together before we split two years before, swearing to meet again someday. "Let him go! Or I'll have you, Longshanks!" the stoutest of the three Hobbits cried, his hands into fists, the other two holding candleholders and chairs. I smiled in amusement. Aragorn let out his breath and smile, much like mine, sheathing his sword. I chose now to appear, jumping in through the window, pulling my hood off. Aragorn turned before his eyes widened in a smile of surprise. "You have a stout heart little Hobbit." I said, looking at him, "But that will not save you. You can no longer wait for the wizard, Frodo." I said to the Hobbit. "They're coming." Aragorn looked at me and I nodded. "Rhasslairiel." He said I smiled. "Aragorn, son of Arathorn," he frowned slightly before crossing the room, leaving the Hobbits to stare as he embraced me into a hug. I smiled and put my arms tightly around his neck, as was our fashion, giving him the slightest of kisses on the side of the mouth. "Long have been the two years since I last saw you." I turned to the Hobbits. "You will