A.N.: So ... it's been awhile lol! Now, I know this is a couple of days late to be a Christmas story, but if I don't post it now, I never will - maybe not even next Christmas. I've also been writing this for like three years and today I finally got a majority of it written today. So this is also un-beta'd. Also this story was inspired by the song Drunk on Christmas by Jimmy Fallon and John Rich. I'm sure there's been a time during the holidays where we wanted to check ourselves out by consuming large quantities of alcohol, so this story is all for good humor. The song is one of the funniest songs performed on his show (when he was doing Late Night) and it was made into an iTunes song five years ago. Unfortunately, I'm unable to find that performance, so I'm linking the song - listen to it and I recommend you don't ignore the lyrics below. Listen to the song as you read the lyrics, then read the story - you won't be disappointed. ( I had to write in the lyrics as I listened to the song over and over again. I think I finally got them down, and if not, oh well. I mean, that's FIVE YEARS of trying to get the lyrics right!) Drunk on Christmas - youtube dot com /watch?v=NHtStejrSSM (you know what to do when it comes to websites) Hope you enjoy the story! Leave a review telling me your thoughts :D UPDATE 1/16/16: Drunk on Christmas has been recommended on TwiFanfictionRecs! Shout out to them and anybody else who rec'ed Drunk on Christmas! Thank you! xoxo I really appreciate it! Plus they made a really cool banner :) twifanfictionrecs dot com/2016/01/16/drunk-on-christmas-by-k8ln713-k8ln713-os/ twitter dot com/TwiFictionRecs/status/688374631095529472/photo/1 Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. I do not own the rights to Drunk on Christmas, only a copy of it on iTunes. No copyright infringement is intended. DRUNK ON CHRISTMAS Christmas is a time A special time of year For peace and joy and happiness Wonderment and cheer For opening your presents Underneath the tree And spending countless hours With your family That's why I'm drinking, drinking, drinking I'm gonna drink all day I'm going home for Christmas And my family's insane Just gotta make it through the day And there's no other way Gonna get drunk, drunk, drunk on Christmas Can't be sober when I'm over Everyone's bipolar So cut the crap and get some Jack And put it in my soda And make it strong enough To put a reindeer in a coma Gonna get drunk, drunk, drunk on Christmas I'm heading home for the holiday season My dad's got a stick up his ass for some reason My mother and my sister Well, they're no longer speaking And me ... I'm drinking Rumple Minze By the shot Gin and tonic Yeah, why not? Black and Tan That's my jam Irish whiskey I was slammed Jaigermeister, Hefeweizen Stella, Stoli And Budweiser Santa, Santa, Santa I've got the family blues Just fill my stocking full of vodka Any brand you choose I need the Christmas spirit And by spirit, I mean booze Gonna get drunk, drunk, drunk on Christmas Gonna get drunk, drunk, drunk on Christmas Gonna get drunk, drunk, drunk On Christmas Day ~Jimmy Fallon and John Rich – Drunk on Christmas ~ ~Drunk on Xmas~ EPOV My family is totally insane! They're especially fucking loony around Christmas. I don't even know why we even bother gathering for the holiday if we're dysfunctional and hard to deal with. If you thought getting together with your "loved ones" made you want to check yourself into a psych ward, you haven't met my mine. Let me count them off. There's my mom, Esme; my dad, Carlisle; my older brother, Emmett; and my younger sister, Alice. I'm in the middle. I'm basically the poster child of what a middle born is, a male Jan Brady if you think about it. Now that you've met them, now it's time for you to get to know them and see the craziness that is the Cullen family. My mother and Alice always fight … and I mean always. No matter what time of the year, if my sister is in the house, you're bound to hear her and my mother screaming at the top of their fucking lungs at each other. You'd think that because Alice is the baby, she'd be babied; that if either my brother or I distressed her, or even if she was the cause of us getting pissed off, we'd get our asses verbally kicked. But in fact, she's the one that causes my mother's blood pressure to rise. It's been said that the younger children are the rebels of the family because at some point the parents know that there is nothing much they can do wrong when it comes to raising their youngest as they've been through it all. They're usually more uptight with their eldest children because they're the ones the parents walk on eggshells over, the ones they're initially shaping. From there on out, they just go with the flow. And while Alice is the more rebellious one, my parents, especially my mother, do not overlook the things Alice has done. My mom and sister will be arguing, usually when it comes to Alice's boy toys that come with her to our childhood home. Alice always has some new boyfriend my parents do not approve of, whether it be a guy with no job or no ambitions or a guy pierced and inked within an inch of his life; they just dislike any guy Alice likes. Now my father is always an asshole. Nothing seems to please him and he's always judgmental. He especially hates it when Emmett visits because Emmett chose not to follow the family tradition in becoming a doctor. Emmett chose to go for nursing instead, which is not a bad field. In fact, I think that nurses do more in the medical field than the doctors do, at least from personal experience. Regardless, my father is just traditional … okay, archaic. He thinks the men should be doctors and women should be nurses. Nurses are just the assistants to the doctors in his eyes, but, as I said before, the nurses are just as important when it comes to a healing a patient, if not more! I'll just say that when it comes to those two, they either fight or give each other the silent treatment. Emmett's fiancée, Rosalie, is a bitch and I find it hard to be in the same room as her, but I tolerate her. She just has an iciness about her that makes you feel uncomfortable, and she always criticizes something about our childhood home or my mother's cooking. I just try my best to avoid her at all costs. Alice, my mom and Rose hate each other. It's best to keep them apart a much as possible. So yeah … my family is insane and a pain in the ass to deal with. And the only way I can get through any family occasions is with … drum roll please … alcohol! Alcohol is my best friend on Easter, Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year's and any other occasion my family and I are forced to come in contact with each other. No matter what day it is, it's just best that as soon as I walk in the door I better have a glass or bottle of something strong in my hand. Today is Christmas Day and I'm at my parents' house. It won't be long before the drama begins. I am the first to arrive. My mom hugs me tight and then says in a concerned tone that I'm too thin. Five minutes later, I have a sandwich in front of me and am ordered to eat while she goes back to cooking and baking. I really am the male Jan Brady—I'm cared for and deeply loved, but I'm not the one my parents have to worry about, almost to the point that I'm ignored, and honestly, I'm cool with that. My dad comes in and shakes my hand. He and I get along much better than he and Emmett do because I am following in my dad's footsteps and becoming a doctor. Although that might change. I'm only in my first year of med school and I'm already thinking of quitting because it's much harder than I thought it would be. I don't even like it, and I love science. But I'll stick through it just so I can keep normalcy between my parents and me. I'm the only child who doesn't cause any drama or trouble and I'd like to keep it that way. My father asks when the others will be here with a heavy sigh. He's not looking forward to Christmas with all of us in the same house. You're not the only one, Dad. It's not long before the drama that Alice and Emmett bring with them when they arrive ensues, leading me to stuff the last bite of my sandwich and head over to the small bar in the family room. It's time for me to drink, drink and drink some more. It's barely twenty minutes after I've arrived that Emmett comes in with Rose. Emmett and I get along. He still treats me like a kid, but I let him have his fun because I want to avoid any shit-fest with him. Rose just greets me with a tight smile and a short, "Merry Christmas," but Emmett pulls me up from my seat and squeezes me and fucks up my hair my giving me a noogie. Come on, really? Are we eight? My mom babies Emmett, but is a bitch to Rose. She offers her son some food to feed his still growing body, as if it could get any bigger, but doesn't with Rose. I wonder if she just assumes Rose doesn't eat because she's got the perfect thin body I'm sure every woman craves to have. Then again, Rosalie would probably turn down food from my mother in fear that she might get food poisoning, whether it was on accident or on purpose. My dad doesn't speak to Emmett, already starting the silent game with him. I roll my eyes at their behavior and walk over to the bar. Not too long after that, Alice arrives. She greets us all with cheerful hugs and kisses and introduces us to her current boyfriend, Jasper, and her friend, Bella. Now, I'm going to be honest. I've met Bella and Jasper before. Alice and I get along well, as we're only a year apart and live in the same neighborhood, so I see her all the time and tend to meet her boyfriends before the others do. I've tried to tell her who is worth bringing home to meet the 'rents, but she won't listen to me. I've given up. Also Alice likes to set me up with people and usually I double date with her and her current beau, but I don't find any of the girls she sets me up with all that appealing. They're too fake most of the time, whether it be something physical or personality-wise. I met Bella when coerced into a double date with Alice and Jasper. Bella is Jasper's cousin and Alice wanted to set me up with her. The blind date with Bella and Alice and Jasper was the best set up my sister came up with. The date went extremely well and since then, Bella and I had been exclusively dating. It's been about four months and I'm already so close to asking her to move in with me, but then again, we haven't even spewed out the "I love you's" yet. I do love Bella. I'm just afraid to tell her because I don't want to lose her. When making plans