A.N.: Hello! New one shot! And one published not even a couple of months since my last one. I figured that since where I live had just recently snowed (ick! I don't like snow very much), this story fit well. Hopefully you all like it! Disclaimer: I do not own Twiight . No copyright infringement is intended. "Rose, please, no!" I exclaimed. "Don't be such a drama queen, Bella. It's one date!" Rosalie sighed deeply and rolled her eyes. "A blind date! How do I know he doesn't look like a troll?" "Now when have you been so shallow and cared about how a guy looked? And besides, he won't look like a troll." "Have you met him?" "Well … no. But he's Emmett's best friend, so I doubt he looks ugly. You've seen Emmett and he's a gorgeous hunk." "Ugh, Rosalie, Em is a social butterfly. He makes friends with everybody regardless of what they look like." "Just one date, Bells. It's Edward's first time to New York. Emmett promised him a night out before he headed back to Chicago. And since Em and I will be disgusting horn dogs most of the night, it's rude to treat Edward like a third wheel; he might as well have someone else to hang out with but at the same time meet a girl." "If he's only going to be here for a limited amount of time, why bother setting the two of us up with each other?" "Just humor the two of us. Please!" I growled. "Fuck you, Rose. Fine. I'll do it. But don't expect me to be courteous." "Oh, Bella. You can at least be nice. You don't have to be happy, but be nice to the guy. Don't prove that all New Yorkers are rude." "Whatever." ~OoO~ The night of our double date-slash-blind date for me arrived. Rose helped me get ready as I really wasn't a girly-girl. For once my hair wasn't in a messy bun, I wasn't bare faced and I didn't have on jeans and sneakers. My hair was down, curly and shiny. My makeup was gorgeous, making me look like a whole new person. I wore a pretty blue dress that hugged my body like a second skin. I had on heels that seemed impractical for the weather outside, but I was pleasing Rose and Emmett for Em's best friend's sake. Sort of. It really was more for them. I was sure this Edward guy couldn't care less what I looked like. He probably wasn't as ecstatic about being set up on a blind-slash-double date with two of the biggest horn balls on Earth. Our apartment door sounded with a heavy knock, Emmett's fist pounding on it unintentionally. It's not his fault he didn't know his own strength. Rose fluffed her hair one last time and ran from my bedroom to answer the door while I made sure I didn't have lipstick on my teeth and that my ass didn't show in case I bent down. I did that test a few different ways while looking in a mirror, realizing that I should just dip down in a crouch instead of bending over so I didn't make a fool of myself. Of course I was humiliated before even heading out the door when a throat cleared. I shot up and looked over to my door, seeing the most handsome man in a black sports coat, charcoal button down shirt and black slacks standing in my bedroom doorway. This must have been Edward. "Uh … Rosalie and Emmett sent me to come get you. Sorry I disrupted you from …" He waved some kind of gesture at me. "…whatever you were doing." He then smirked. "Uh … yeah." The gorgeous specimen took a few steps into my room and held out his hand. "I'm Edward." I took his hand. "Bella." "Nice to meet you." "You, too. Uh … did you see me do all that a second ago?" I really hoped he didn't see my ass before a few more dates, though we wouldn't go on a few more dates anyway because he'd be back in Chicago. "Uh … no?" I covered my face with my hands. "Yes, you did. Ugh! I can't believe I was such a spaz. I should've closed and locked my door. No, I just shouldn't go on this date." "Look, it's not a big deal. It's not like I'm laughing at you." "You totally are on the inside. Admit it." "Okay … maybe I found it a bit funny, but you shouldn't be embarrassed." "You saw my ass before we even got out the door," I said, jutting my hip out and crossing my arms over my chest. "I won't even attempt to respond in a way I want to because I know you'll fucking slap me." Wait … did he like my ass? No. I was getting that idea out of my head now. We hadn't even started the date. I couldn't jump into bed with him now. "Let's just forget I saw anything, Bella. Let's pretend I knocked on the door after making sure you were officially ready and we introduced ourselves and now we are ready to go out on our double date." "Okay." "Good," Edward said, smiling. "Is it weird to say I'm nervous?" "Why? It's not like we'll see each other again," I answered without thinking, pulling on my sweater. I also quickly reapplied my lip gloss. I saw his face fall from my view from the mirror. "Shit," I mumbled. I turned around and stepped toward him. "I didn't mean it like that. It's just that … I feel we shouldn't make too much of an effort and call this a date. It won't feel too much like a double date anyway because Rose and Emmett will be all over each other." "So let's just be on a date; just the two of us, Bella. We'll ignore the horn dogs. We'll get to know each other. I mean, Emmett's my best friend, Rose is yours. We're bound to see each other again at some point during their relationship. Why not give it a shot?" I looked up at him and saw how eager he was. "Come on. It can't be too bad, right? I'm good looking. I don't talk too much, completely willing to balance the conversation with equal parts of me speaking and you speaking." "Fine. It's a date. But don't be nervous, Edward. I'm not." "That's because in your head you're not considering this a date; it's more like getting to know a friend of a friend." "Okay, yes; that's true, but I don't see the point in being nervous. If it turns out great, awesome; if not, oh, well." "You're not much of a dater, are you?" he asked, cocking his eyebrow up. "Why do you say that?" I asked. Why does he care if I date or not? "Because if you're someone who regularly dates, then you're supposed to be nervous as you are trying to get into a relationship. Seeing as you're saying that you're not anxious, you're probably not taking this too seriously and aren't looking to have a boyfriend." "Well, not to hurt your feelings, I'm only doing this to please Rose." "Well, I originally was doing this to please Emmett. I wanted to just hang out with him, but he insisted on me meeting Rose, which spun into the idea that I meet you and that we double. I wasn't too nervous until I saw you." My eyes widened. "What?" "I don't know … I get this feeling that tonight is gonna be great. You're a skeptic. I think I'll change your mind." "Whatever." "Yo, Edward! Bella! Get your clothes on and let's go!" Emmett called out from the living room. "I'm starving!" I groaned and rolled my eyes. "We're coming!" "That's what she—" "Don't even fucking finish that sentence, Em!" Edward shouted back. "I was about to say that. I realized my words and knew Emmett would respond with some innuendo." "Well, I know him like that back of my hand, so there's one thing in common we share." I giggled. "Fine. Let's go before Emmett spews more euphemisms." We left my room and Rose sighed upon seeing us. "Finally! I was seriously this close to coming to get you. I wasn't sure if you either killed each other or were already fucking." "Neither, Rosalie. We were just talking." "Yeah … talking." She winked dramatically. I growled in response. We went on our double date, but of course, as I knew it would turn out, it became more like a date with just Edward. "Told you they'd be all over each other," he told me as soon as we sat down at the table. I pinched Rose on her arm. She turned and faced me, narrowing her eyes. So sorry I disturbed her. "We're in a fucking restaurant, Rose," I whispered harshly. "Turn down the PDA by nine notches because you're at a ten on the meter." It didn't last long. Yes, we made it through dinner without witnessing the two of them practically having sex with their clothes on, but after a few drinks between the two of them, I knew Edward and I would be on our own for the rest of the night. "Okay, let's go," I said to Edward. Rose and Em didn't even know we left. And yeah, they got stuck with the bill. That was what they got for being disgusting freaks at dinner. Edward helped me put on my wool coat and after I wrapped my scarf around my neck and slipped on my gloves, we left the restaurant. We then slowly walked back to the apartment hand in hand. I mean, I was in heels. He had to hold me up. "Why in the hell did you wear the most impractical shoes on this date?" Edward asked, humor completely laced in his tone. I laughed. "Blame Rose. I'm not normally like this. I'd rather wear jeans and sneakers." "It fucking snowed a few days ago, and Rose thought high heels were appropriate?" "Well, my snow boots just wouldn't match this outfit. I mean, really?" I said sarcastically. We laughed some more. Thankfully, the snow that had fallen a few days ago wasn't all over the streets and sidewalks anymore, but I was still careful where I walked. The last thing I needed was to slip on ice and bring Edward down with me, as well as end this night in the ER. We made it back to the apartment unscathed. I suggested we take up some hot chocolate to the rooftop and talk, of course after I put on my Uggs because I couldn't take my heels anymore. It was cold, but it was definitely more bearable tonight than the last few nights. There was also still some snow on the ground, so it appeared to be like a winter wonderland up there. We drank and chatted some more. Tonight's date wasn't too bad, actually. Edward was awesome. He was kind, funny, and easy to talk to. Yeah, we had a few minor arguments over books and movies and TV shows, but it was fun banter. We continued it up on the roof. I loved it. Edward turned his back to pour some more hot chocolate from the thermos we brought up. I had an idea. He didn't expect a snowball to hit his exposed neck. "Ahh!" he yelled. I just giggled. "Oh, you're in for it." He grabbed some snow from the ground and pelted me with one. I shrieked because it was fucking cold. And that's how we ended up having a snowball fight. We ran around the roof, tossing snowballs at each other. There were hits and misses, but we were laughing the entire time. Eventually, Edward grabbed me around the waist and pulled me to the ground. "God, I haven't done that