A.N.: Hey! So this is just a one shot I came up with. Once I heard the song this fic is named after, I just HAD to write a fanfic about it lol! Thanks to kitchmill and JulieToo for being such gems in helping me out by beta'ing this. Hope you all enjoy! :D Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. Only Stephenie Meyer does. Walk The Moon owns all rights to Shut Up and Dance under RCA Records. Shut Up and Dance " Oh, don't you dare look back. Just keep your eyes on me." I said, "You're holding back." She said, "Shut up and dance with me!" This woman is my destiny She said, "Ooh ooh ooh! Shut up and dance with me!" We were victims of the night The chemical, physical kryptonite Helpless to the bass and faded light Oh, we were born to get together Born to get together She took my arm I don't know how it happened We took the floor and she said… " Oh, don't you dare look back. Just keep your eyes on me." I said, "You're holding back." She said, "Shut up and dance with me!" This woman is my destiny She said, "Ooh ooh ooh! Shut up and dance with me!" A backless dress and some beat up sneaks My discothèque, Juliet-teenage dream I felt it in my chest as she looked at me I knew we were born to be together Born to be together She took my arm I don't know how it happened We took the floor and she said… " Oh, don't you dare look back. Just keep your eyes on me." I said, "You're holding back." She said, "Shut up and dance with me!" This woman is my destiny She said, "Ooh ooh ooh! Shut up and dance with me!" Deep in her eyes I think I see the future I realize This is my last chance She took my arm I don't know how it happened We took the floor and she said… " Oh, don't you dare look back. Just keep your eyes on me." I said, "You're holding back." She said, "Shut up and dance with me!" This woman is my destiny She said, "Ooh ooh ooh! Shut up and dance!" " Don't you dare look back. Just keep your eyes on me." I said, "You're holding back." She said, "Shut up and dance with me!" This woman is my destiny She said, "Ooh ooh ooh! Shut up and dance with me!" Ooh ooh ooh! Shut up dance with me! Ooh ooh ooh! Shut up and dance with me! ~OoO~ EPOV School dances fucking suck. Especially when you're a chaperone. Everyone hates working at one of these poorly disguised mating rituals. Somehow I got suckered into "volunteering" to do so. I was begged nearly on hands and knees by Shelly Cope, secretary and head of the PTA at Forks High. I couldn't deny her. I've known her for what seems like forever, as she was an active PTA member when I was in high school, and she always had been able to get me to do favors for her around the school. Nothing's changed. She also pulls the puppy dog eyes on everyone, and once she does, they have no choice but to do what she asks of you. I agree to help out, though I really don't want to. The upside of it all is that I get paid to do it on top of my salary. I get paid to work lunch duty, too, because teenagers need to be watched at all times to make sure they're not doing drugs or having sex in the bathroom and that no fights break out in the cafeteria. Plenty of incidents happened even on watch, so I honestly don't know why we even bother. But, hey! It's extra cash. So yeah … chaperone at the Spring Fling. I really hope I have at least one fellow teacher to bond with in the back of the school gym, because I think I'd go insane if I was the only teacher and the rest were PTA members or parents. No … I cannot deal with parents at this thing. They get uptight as fuck seeing their kids grinding up on one another, shouting at other parents and teachers to "do something!" and always want to know how their son or daughter is doing in my class. Honestly, what can we really do about the grinding? We were all young once, and for me it wasn't all that long ago. And come on … like I really want to talk about school when I'm already miserable. Okay, I'm making being a teacher sound like it's a bad thing. No, it's not. I love it. I really do. But tonight I'm not off the clock the second school lets out, and I don't have the chance to go home and bum around my apartment. No. I have to head home to change and return by seven for the doors to open at eight, which even I know is still too early. No one remotely cool shows up before nine, nine thirty. I can't bum around very long before I have to drive back to work, almost an hour away from home. So with that, arriving at my apartment in Port Angeles close to five p.m., I start getting ready, kicking my shoes off at the door before walking to my room to peel off my shirt and tie and drop my dress pants. I enter my bathroom and shower the day off. After twenty minutes, I hop out of the shower and pull on some clean boxer briefs and black jeans. I grab a dark green button-down shirt and slip it on, rolling up the sleeves to my elbows. I mess around with my hair for about ten minutes to make sure it's not all over the goddamn place, and then I deal with putting in my contacts. Normally, I wear my glasses to work, but I might as well change things up a bit for the dance. Putting in contacts is fucking annoying though. Fuck, I feel like I'm in high school again, making sure what I'm wearing looks good and that my hair is perfect, as well as not being stupid by wearing glasses to a dance. Who the fuck am I impressing? Okay … I have been eyeing Ms. Isabella Swan, the junior and senior English Lit teacher. Actually, I've been eyeing her for nearly ten years, since I was a sophomore in Forks High when she entered as a freshman. In school, I was a straight-up geek and too nervous to talk to a beautiful girl. For someone who was so beautiful in school, Bella wasn't popular, keeping mostly to herself. We were acquaintances back then, not really in each other's social circle, but now she and I are pretty good friends since we're both teachers in the same school. My crush for her never ended, even when I thankfully grew into my body senior year of high school and caught the eye of many girls. Though I never acted on their advances, I did have relationships in college, but I was still shy and awkward and never could tell a woman what was on my mind. Through all these years, Bella Swan never left my head or heart. Knowing I don't have too long before I have to leave, I heat up some leftover Chinese takeout from the night before, eat and then get my shoes on, a pair of black Doc Martens. Once I have my wallet, phone and keys, I'm out the door and driving back toward Forks. I arrive at the school a quarter to seven. I see the DJ carting in his equipment and some people putting finishing touches on the decorations and tables. "Hey, Ed!" someone calls out. I turn and see my fellow teacher and friend, Emmett McCarty, arrive with Rosalie Hale, his girlfriend and coworker. She's the Auto Shop teacher. That class has been filled up to the max each year by hormonal teenage boys ever since she arrived at Forks High from Rochester, New York a couple years ago. I don't know how she comes to work every day knowing that the only reason she has students show up to class is because she's good- looking. But she knows what she's doing, and when the boys are not slack-jawed they actually do well in the class. Emmett teaches Chemistry and developed some chemistry with Rosalie one afternoon in the garage in January of last year. Although their relationship started out physical, it's more than just sex. They're in love. It's sickening to observe, but it's the one thing I wish for the most. I want to be in love. "Hi, Em. Evening, Rose." I shake hands with my friend and kiss Rose's cheek. "I didn't know you two were chaperoning." "Yeah, guess we got suckered into doing it like you did," Rose says, rolling her eyes. "I don't know why they do this. I hated dances when I was a teenager, and I still hate them as an adult." "Why would you hate dances?" I ask. "I picture you as prom queen, center of everyone's attention and the girl who wanted to be at the dance." "Nope! Never was prom queen or even wanted to go to a dance. My mother would make me go because they signify a rite of passage, or some shit like that. Plus she wanted me to date, get married and knocked up after graduating. She didn't exactly believe in college and believed that a woman's place is in the home, caring for a husband and kids. I don't blame her for her reasoning, as she was raised to believe that, but I never believed in it." "But, babe! You're fucking gorgeous!" Emmett exclaim. "Just because I'm hot doesn't mean I took advantage of the fact. I liked cars and couldn't care less about having a boyfriend. I preferred to read car magazines instead of fashion magazines, wanted to go to work at the local garage instead of the mall and didn't mind getting dirty. I had no intentions of settling down when my education and working in my field of expertise was more important to me." "And now …" Emmett says, carrying out that last word. He loves this woman and sees a future with her, and even I hope they plan on getting married. "Well, my career is still important to me," Rose answers, "but so are you. I know it's been a little over a year, but I know where I want to go in this relationship. One day there'll be a wedding and one day I want kids with you." "Good." Em kisses her lovingly. I walk away when it starts to go further than that. Not looking where I am going, I run into a body, knocking them down with the force. "Shit! Sorry! I wasn't paying attention," I exclaim, reaching down to help up the woman I knocked over. I then notice it's Bella. "It's okay … Edward." She smiles and so do I. "I do apologize again. Emmett and Rose are caught up in their love fest, and I didn't want to be in the vicinity should they end up christening the gym floor. Though I doubt it hasn't been christened before by someone. Gross, now I'm thinking about all the students who've probably fucked on this very floor, and we're walking on it." Bella just laughs hysterically, and I join in. "I get nervous and I start to talk too much." "I quite enjoy you talking, Edward. Don't be so nervous around me." "I can't help it." "Why?" she asks. "Because you're beautiful. You've always been. Ever since high school," I say, getting up the nerve to tell her how I've felt for almost ten years. "Ugh! Don't remind me about high