Hello everyone! Welcome once again to another story of mine! But, this story is probably going to shock someone on here… This is the rewrite of High School Never Ends! Okay, before any of you start throwing virtual knives at my head, I need to explain: ~So, for the past few weeks or so – whenever I had put up the poll for this situation – I have been thinking of new ideas for the rewrite of HSNE, if it were ever to come to this decision. I have also been asking many reviewers that I have come to know, whether I should rewrite the story and make a new one. A reviewer gave me an idea; why not just keep the old version up, and place the new one up somewhere separate. And so, this happened!~ My friends on FanFiction have said that if I rewrote HSNE, then they would be supporting me every step of the way. :D So, here's the summary for the rewrite: ~Forks Spartan Academy – one of the most highly respected schools in the area. But, there's one little technicality; this school is for boys only! Not for long, that is… One girl decided to speak out against that problem, and her name is Bella Swan. She won the battle and now, FSA will now allow girls into the school. But, what the girls didn't know when they arrived on campus is that all of the guys have been itching to see a girl walk onto their turf. That's when the chaos begins. Join in on the adventure for Bella Swan as she and other girls all experience the High School experience of FSA, for everyone will undergo dating, cheating, love, and pranks/high jinks galore! Will Bella and two other girls fall for the three worst men on campus – the three players of the school? Or, will they break their cheating habits when girls storm upon campus? Will something be revealed everyday?~ Sounds like a good summary? Well, let's begin already. :D (TEMP Title – maybe!) Music: ~High School Never Ends by Bowling for Soup (Theme Song)~ High School Never Ends – A Remake Chapter ONE Bella's POV "Bella!" I jumped in surprise when I heard my father shout my name. "What, dad?" I asked him breathlessly, feeling the need to restart my stuttered breath and my stuttering heart. "Oh, sorry sweetie. You seemed deep in thought again. Anyways, we're here at your new school." My dad explained, grumbling. My dad did have point; while he was driving me to my new personal doom – Forks Spartan Academy – I had been thinking of a lot of heavy things, at least to me that is. I moved down from Seattle, Washington, away from my petite mother to live with my stubborn yet strong father in Forks. They've been divorced for awhile, but were still friends time to time. Anyways, while I was staying at my dad's house during the summer, getting used to living here, my dad was arguing with me where to go. Lots of people around town have been talking about the school, Forks Spartan Academy, saying that it's a really excellent school and what not. I told my dad that I wanted to Forks Spartan Academy – that's where he exploded. He kept saying that he didn't want me near a bunch of boys and when I argued that there are other girls at the school, he surprised me by saying, "Bella, there aren't any other girls at that school because it's an ALL BOYS school!" At first, I was laughing at my dad, thinking that he was just messing with me. But then, when I saw that his serious expression wouldn't go away, I knew that he was serious. This school was sexist; why make it an all boys school? Did this school think that the guys were smarter than any girl? I mean, sure if there were girls at the school, then the guys would get "distracted" from us, since most men are pigs. I asked my mom – since she's a lawyer – if we could fight against the school's sexist rules, and she agreed with me. Other mom's apparently also wanted their daughters at that school and so it started the girls protest against FSA. It was brought to court and we won the battle. So now, the school was allowing girls inside the school. My dad again called my name, letting my thoughts drift off elsewhere. "Bella, didn't you hear me? We're here." He said again, looking over to my left. I turned to my left as well, getting my first glimpse of the school. The first building that I saw was very tall and had four to five stories of it. It was also made up of starch red bricks, stacked upon one another. A gigantic circular water fountain sat in front of the school. Willows, spruces and pines lined the edges of the school yard, where I only saw a few boys sitting underneath their shade from the rare sun of Forks. My dad helped me get my luggage and bags out of the car before he set them off to the side. He stood in front of me, glaring every few seconds at the school behind me. "Dad, I'll be fine. I'll have other girls here with me." I assured him, hugging him. He hugged me back awkwardly; my dad was never the one for showing familial affections. "Just please call me if you're having problems and you can come back home." He told me, stroking my hair in a fatherly way. Another thing about the school is that it's almost like a college – there are dorms behind the school for students to sleep in. There are at least two large dorms, all occupied by guys, but now since there are going to be girls coming in, the guys of the second dorm are now moved into the first one, where the guys have to share rooms like us. "I will dad. Can't you trust me?" I asked him jokingly, laughing slightly. He shook his head but chuckled with me. Two other cars stopped behind my dad's, both expensive cars. The car that was behind my dad's car was a black Mercedes Benz. The passenger door opened, where a girl that was pixie size skipped out. She had inky black, spiky short hair with stormy grey eyes. She wore a baby blue t-shirt that was underneath a jean jacket, and with dark jeans and black wedge sandals to go with it. It made me feel highly embarrassed for my simply black polo shirt and black skinny jeans with my black converse. A man with blond, slicked back hair stepped out of the driver's side, wearing a blue button down shirt with a tie and black dress pants, along with black dress shoes. I'm assuming that that man may be the girl's father. He helped her get out her luggage, then they both stood by us. "Hello!" the girl piped at me, beaming. She came to my shoulders of my 5'6" frame. "Alice…" Alice's father scolded, narrowing his green eyes down at her. "Sorry dad…" she trailed off sheepishly, looking down at the ground. "Hello, I'm Carlisle Cullen." The man, Carlisle, said to my father, extending his hand. "My name's Charlie Swan. I believe you are the well respected doctor at Forks Hospital; am I wrong?" my dad greeted him back, shaking Carlisle's hand. My dad and Carlisle talked with each other, while Alice approached me. "Hi! I'm Alice! What's your name?" Alice asked me excitedly. "Um, Bella." I told her, blushing from her excited mood. "Oh, Bella. Sounds like a beautiful name! I have a feeling that we're going to be the best of friends." Alice stated, still beaming. I smiled back at her; her cheerful mood was contagious. The second car's passenger door opened, where my self esteem dropped. Out stepped a tall, statuesque girl with long, flowing blond hair while her eyes were concealed from sunglasses. She wore a fitting blood red blouse that had frills at the neckline, while she wore dark denim jeans with red high heels. The driver's door opened, revealing a man that looked similar to Carlisle, but his bright blue eyes were the difference between them. "Ah, Mr. Hale. I see that your daughter will now be enrolling here. How's your son, Jasper?" Carlisle asked Mr. Hale when he joined them. "He's doing fine, though he still likes to do daredevil stunts like his friends. I'm sure he'll at least helped his sister around the school." Mr. Hale replied; looks like this Jasper guy is in this school and I'm guessing the girl is his sister. She walked over to us, towering a little over me, and a lot over Alice. "Hi!" Alice piped, looking up at the girl. She removed her sunglasses, revealing bright blue eyes that matched her father's. "Hi." She replied warily, looking down at me and Alice with suspicious eyes. "My name's Alice, and this is Bella." Alice introduced us to the girl, still smiling. "I'm Rosalie Hale." She stated, a small smile beginning to form. "Oh, now I know you. You're the girl who fought for girls' rights to go to this school." Rosalie said, jutting her thumb down at me. I nodded, blushing still. She laughed and patted my shoulder, smiling. "No need to be embarrassed or frightened by me, Bella. I'm perfectly harmless when it comes to meeting new people. Just don't get on my bad side." She warned, smirking. Again I nodded, relaxing. "Well, we'll let you girls go now." Carlisle stated; he, my dad and Rosalie's father each gave us a hug before they got into their cars a drove off. When they left, more cars came, where more girls arrived here on the campus. "So, I heard that your brother is here?" I asked Rosalie when we began making our way into the school yard with other girls behind us. "Yep; I should also warn you though. He and his friends are idiots when it comes to dares, so watch out for them." She told Alice and I, shaking her head. The guys who were out here in the school yard began to take notice of us girls, and were starting to gawk at us. Some stood and ran off – probably to tell the other guys in this school that the girls have arrived. We reached the back of the school, where the dorms came into view. We've been told that each level – four levels in all – represent the years of the school. Freshman at the bottom, Sophomores at the second level, Juniors at the third level (us) and finally, Seniors at the top. All of the girls began going to their assigned rooms, and thankfully, Rosalie, Alice and I were roommates. "Oh, this is going to be exciting; all us in the same dorm room!" Alice squealed when we walked into our dorm. It was pretty large, with four queen beds on both sides of the room. A mini fridge was off to the side, next to a closet. Next to each bed had dressers for our clothes, since the closet wasn't big enough for us to place ALL of our clothes in there. "I call this bed!" Rosalie shouted, running before plopping down on the largest queen bed. "Hey, no fair!" Alice whined, stomping over to Rosalie's bed. I don't see why she's complaining; our beds were actually pretty big, enough to fit two people snuggly. "Alice, all of our beds are big enough." I pointed out for her, laughing. "But this one is the biggest." She now whined at me, pouting while pointing a finger at Rosalie. A few minutes later, another girl came into our room. She was as tall as me, with dark hair that pulled back in a ponytail. She had dark eyes hidden behind