Hey, I took a long time writing this and hope you guys like it, please review if you want me to add more chapters. Don't flame me I'm not trying to show Draco as a bad character, he's just misunderstood and he doesn't know who to trust, he may seem slightly out of character but I assure you he's not It's only because he has been abused and he's depressed. Disclaimer: All characters, places, spells, and names are owned by J. K Rowling. The plot, however, is mine. Trigger warnings: Self-harm, Suicide/Character Death, Cursing, Child Abuse. ~Draco x Ginny fic, if you don't like that turn back now.~ Summer holidays were a great time for most teenagers, and there were very few things you could do to ruin them. But there were a few. Like, if you attended a boarding school and when holidays rolled around you had to return to a family you couldn't stand. They could also be ruined if you had no family to return to. Draco sat stiffly back in his seat, the winding of the train and the spiral tracks knocked Draco out of his thoughts every few minutes. The school was much the same as usual, he had been teased by the golden trio for most of it. Sure, he might've done something to provoke it but it was only something as simple as bumping into one of them, and he never returned the insults, not this year anyway. He was too tired, there was no point in trying to be rude to them, there was no point in living when death was inevitable. Draco felt himself wince, he still had 6 months before the school year ended. But at least he had the holidays. He had got off the Hogwarts express as normal, expecting to see his mother waiting for him, but instead, he saw Severus Snape. Draco looked confused but he could tell by the potion master's expression that something bad had happened. "What happened?" Draco asked quietly. Snape looked at him sadly, he was careful how he worded his words."About an hour after you left Hogwarts we got a letter from your head house elf." he told him "It's your mother... She's dead, Malfoy I'm sorry." Draco didn't seem to be too sad, his mother never cared for him when his father beat him. Yes, he was in Azkaban now, but that didn't change a thing. She never cared about his well being, so why should he care if she died? "How?" he asked, in an uncaring tone. "Suicide," he told the boy "There's no doubt about that." Draco had known for quite some time that she was going to spiral in this direction, but couldn't she of waited? It was a great annoyance her death at this time and if she was going to do it he would have preferred it to happen later on when he was older then 18. Draco's annoyance obviously showed on his face, and Snape asked him what was wrong. "It's just, will I go back to the manor?" Draco seemed more worried about this than he did about his own mother's death. "No. We have to locate a family member." Draco glared over at his professor, rolling his eyes "None will take me." The Malfoys lived in France and most of his mother's side were in Azkaban. "Where will I go?" he asked. "I did ask the ministry if I could have been given legal guardianship over you: but they turned me down," Snape replied sadly. "Why?" "I am your teacher and I'm the head of Slytherin house, they thought it would make things too complex" he paused then continued "...There is a family they are looking into and despite my objections, it is highly likely you will live there." "Objections?" he asked startled "Who is it?" Severus let out a deep and loud sigh "The Weasley's" Snape drawled. Draco suddenly felt a laugh running up his throat, he was trying to keep himself from laughing but he couldn't; he couldn't control it at all. This had to be a joke, he scanned Severus for any tonnes of humour but he couldn't detect any. Suddenly Draco came to a realisation and his laughter stopped "Shit, you're serious?" he asked gulping. "Afraid so," Snape replied "I'm not going." Draco said immediately "How could anyone ever think, how can they even afford another child? and shouldn't the fact that I'm an only child factor into it, I won't know how to act around other siblings. I won't go." "If the Ministry appoints Arthur and Molly as your guardians, you won't have a choice. They Weasley's aren't doing too bad for themselves either, Weasleys Wizarding Wheezes is said to be quite popular, plus they will get paid a decent amount to look after you." Rage was boiling up inside Draco's skin "SO THAT'S WHY THERE DOING IT? FOR THE MONEY? I BET YOU THEY'LL LOCK ME UP IN THEIR BASEMENT AND TREAT ME LIKE A PRISONER. I'M NOT GOING!" he screamed at Snape and everything stopped, people stopped walking and stared at the blonde haired boy. It was obvious he was causing a scene but he didn't care. "Get on with your lives, shoo!" Snape said glaring at the crowd that was forming around them, after a few seconds people still hadn't moved and Snape reached for his wand, threatening them. People continued walking after this, a good portion of them were fully aware of Snape's skills with magic, and they knew not to cross him. Draco felt a tear grace his cheeks but he wiped it away almost as fast as it appeared. " You can choose to have a guidance counsellor, they'll come every week for therapy sessions and to check your alright." Draco couldn't believe it, it was all happening too fast. "I've got all my parents money." Draco said hopefully "I can just buy my own house." Snape sadly shook his head "Yes, all of their money will go to you. Eventually. You won't have full access to it until you are of age" "This is bullshit!" Draco screamed "I bet the Weasleys will hate being lumbered with me" "They requested it," Snape assured him. Draco shook his head, It made no sense, why would they want to help him? ~New Scene~ Weasleys: "Please tell me you're joking" Ron whispered, "No, of course, we aren't, we would never joke about something like this." Arthur Weasley replied. Ginny looked at him, terrified, "Dad!" she screamed "How could you? After all his father's done? After all HES done? "Draco isn't responsible for his father's actions, and apart from insulting you and making you lose a few house points, has he really done anything THAT bad? Their father asked rhetorically. "Well, he worked for Umbridge!" Ron exclaimed, "...and he's been trying to get me and my friends expelled for years, some people say he already has the dark mark that's why no one ever sees him in short sleeves." Ginny nodded her head "He never wears short sleeves..." His mother cut in "That's a ridiculous accusation, since when did you two listen to nasty rumours?!" she said glaring at the two "With his Father in Azkaban and his Mother dead, I doubt he has any interest in becoming a Death Eater. He has had a very unpleasant upbringing, maybe a good family environment is all he needs to bring out the good in him." "I doubt it. Ginny scoffed "He's just like his father; cruel and heartless." Molly was about to go on a rant but Arthur stepped in instead "Hey guys calm down. It's not even confirmed yet. For now, he's staying at the Leaky Cauldron but if we do get legal guardianship I expect you guys to be civil towards him. You shouldn't worry you won't even see him much except for the holidays as you'll be at school and he's only obliged to stay here until he comes of age, when he turns 18 he will have the choice to stay or leave." "How will I face the other Gryffindors when they found out I'm living with a Slytherin, let alone Malfoy?" Ron screeched Molly rolled up her newspaper and gave Ron a gentle bump on the head with it "You're always thinking of yourself, Ron. His fathers in prison and his mother's dead! I can't even imagine what kind of pain he's in." ~New Scene~ Draco: Draco lay on his bed staring at the ceiling, trying to make sense of the feelings that were boiling up inside of him. His abusive father was in prison, he was pleased because of this but he knew this feeling wouldn't last long because his father would break out in a little while. His mother was dead, he was also pleased because of this. She was a bitch, a horrible mother, she acted like she cared only when people were watching. She was so deep in her own sadness that she forgot she even had a son, she heard and saw the beatings that took place but she never said anything. Ever. But, there was another feeling inside him that he couldn't quite place. Standing up he walked over and peered at his reflection, he looked awful. His reflection started to mock him with words that cut deep "Filthy ferret! Aw, You gonna cry? You're just a weakling, everyone hates you, you fucking death eater" Draco felt his hand rise and smash the mirror, his blood started to rush towards his newly made cut. Pulling his knuckles close to his face he watched the trail of crimson liquid drip down his hand, it was so enchanting and beautiful... Draco looked at the broken mirror and the glass shards, one fell near him, he picked it up and with a shaky hand he placed it on his left wrist making a swift long motion across it over the top of numerous scars and cuts. As soon as the red bubbles of blood appeared on his arm he felt immediate relief. He didn't know why he did this to himself, he just knew that it made him feel better, it was a way he could escape the bitter reality of life, even if only for a few minutes. He had done it since he was 12 and it didn't feel as weird now, it was just as normal as breathing. Draco pulled his wand out of his pocket, pointing it towards the mirror he whispered a charm "Reparo" as soon as the words left his lips the glass started to mend and he was relieved. No one would find out about his outburst. ~New Scene~ Weasleys: "This is very decent of you Arthur, I can't think of many people who would take on the challenge of looking after the son of Lucius Malfoy. In fact, I was rather surprised you volunteered, what with your relationship with Lucius not being too good." Otto said as he sipped from his mug, filled with tea. Otto Acklund was in the burrow, he was the head of the department for care of wizard minors. "Of course, Molly and I couldn't stand the thought of him having to live with strangers! Yes, he doesn't know us too well but he knows my kids and I figured it would be better than living with someone he has never met." Otto nodded his head and looked up uneasily at Arthur "You're not doing this for revenge are you?" The red haired man looked shocked "No of course not! I hate Lucius but I have nothing against the boy, you know me I would never do anything that I think isn't in the child's best interest" "Of course" he nodded "I just had to check. It came up as an issue when we were discussing it but I'll tell everyone that they don't need to worry. One other thing, Draco isn't very fond of muggles, what