(Many thanks to my wonderful betas, ElleCC and MojoPen.) I do not own the characters, I just like to play with them. Carlisle braced himself as the plane descended into Florence. He was not concerned about the plane's landing; he was preparing himself for emotional devastation. The call from Volterra had come while he was alone, without any prying ears to eavesdrop. He left his family behind without a word, for to bring them into this would seal their fates. His sons would not have had the control to restrain themselves, and he could not let the rest of his family be destroyed. Evading Jasper was most important. Even without Alice's visions to tell him so, he knew if Jasper ended up in front of the Volturi, all would be lost. He had to protect his remaining family. Of course he had laid plans for their escape should the worst happen, and if he was unable to make contact in the next forty-eight hours, his family would be notified and things would be set in motion to give them the best chance of survival. He had no doubts that Jasper, at least, would follow him and seek retribution, but he had faith that Rose and Esme would be able to restrain Emmett. He could not imagine what waited for him in that ancient fortress, and yet his mind obsessed over the possibilities. Carlisle had no idea if he would be welcomed by friends or destroyed by enemies. Whatever happened to him, his family must live on, and he was prepared to bargain for their lives. The stone walls of the familiar city loomed overhead as the car pulled up to the grand entrance of their lair. The residents of Volterra had no idea of the horrors that lurked behind the stunning facade. Carlisle's nose burned from the stench of centuries' worth of death that saturated the area. He had once envisioned more of his kind following his path, hoping that by proving there was an alternative, more would stray from the mindless killing of innocent humans. Such grand delusions still lurked in the corner of his mind, but he knew that to harbor any hope of change was futile. As he passed through the doors, Carlisle remembered vividly the lengths to which his supposed brothers tried to tempt him to stray from his diet. All those lives lost because of him. While he may not have ever drunk from a human, he still felt the guilt of their blood on his hands centuries later. Then he was there, in that stale, stone room. Three ghastly princes sat on their thrones, surrounded by their guard. He scanned the room, searching for any clues, quickly assessing escape routes as well. While he may have never lived a violent life, he was still a warrior, and he had a family to protect and return to. Aro and Caius had grown comfortable and arrogant through the centuries as they reigned, twisting the law created to protect and instead using it for control. Carlisle was aware that his family's increasing size and talents had grown to be a matter of concern for the two. Aro wished to collect them like prizes, while Caius merely wanted to destroy. Marcus, as apathetic as ever, could not care less and had grown bored with his brothers' antics over the past millennia. Aro had only to take Carlisle's hand to know he had no desire to challenge the Volturi. He only wished to live in peace with his family. The other vampires in the room gaped at him as his footsteps echoed off the walls. The legend of the animal drinker, Stregoni benefici , stood in front of them, and he could sense their morbid curiosity...and their disdain. As if he was somehow less than, weaker than they, because he denied his nature and refused to murder. Aro greeted him with a grim smile. "Carlisle, old friend. It has been too long." "It has, Aro," he replied. "Caius. Marcus." Carlisle dipped his head in acknowledgment. "And how is your family?" Aro pressed. "They are well, though two of them recently arrived in Volterra. I had hoped to find them here?" He was careful not to make accusations, as he was unsure of Aro's intentions. "Ah yes, Carlisle, always getting straight to the heart of the matter." Aro advanced toward him. "But don't you mean three?" Carlisle flinched at the thought of the fragile girl in their clutches. "I was not aware that the girl had come with them." The message from Alice had alluded to that fact, but he had not been sure. Why Bella would take off after Edward, after what he had done to her, should not have been a surprise. He knew the depth of their love for one another. The girl was selfless and would willingly trade her own life for the lives of those she loved. Had she not proved this in Phoenix? And now Volterra. Had she saved him? "Yes, indeed. Young Alice and Edward both fought valiantly to protect her, but I must confess that I am disappointed, Carlisle. You knew of your child's obsession with the human girl, and yet, left her behind with the knowledge of our secrets." The ancient vampire sucked his teeth in dissatisfaction. "Your coven has become too comfortable, Carlisle." Caius rippled with righteous indignation. "You are endangering our kind by continuing with this ridiculous human charade. The law claims them all, Aro. They all knew about it." He had never pretended to have patience for Carlisle's way of life and this was his opportunity to take out what he considered a threat. "Now, Caius, Carlisle has always conducted his affairs with the utmost discretion. His own family did not willingly tell the girl our secrets. She figured it out on her own, with a little help from a local legend." Aro cocked an eyebrow in amusement. The werewolves intrigued him. He had been surprised to hear of the treaty the Cullens made with the tribe, though Edward's thoughts had showed no indication there were currently any wolves in the area. Aro would have liked to travel to the area in person to study them. Perhaps another time. "She never would have had cause to figure it out if they had not been putting themselves in such close contact with humans. What happens next time? Will you excuse their disregard for our laws again?" Caius seethed. "I am sure there will not be a next time. Will there, Carlisle?" Aro fixed his gaze on the unnaturally calm vampire. He realized that without the coven's two most gifted vampires, there was no longer a reason to view them as a threat. Caius should have been pleased, but Aro knew he'd never be satisfied until they were all destroyed. The animal drinkers were simply an aberration, in his opinion. "Of course not. We did not know the girl would figure it out, but she has never spoken a word to anyone about it. She hoped to join our family eventually, much like the humans you keep here." Carlisle was growing weary of dancing around the issue. Aro enjoyed playing his games, and he would have to be a willing participant in order to remain in his good graces. "And I trust you. Your judgment has always been well respected. Bella is quite fascinating. Il suo cantante! Edward put your control to shame, Carlisle! Had I not smelled her through his memories, I would not have believed the call of anyone's blood could have been so strong. Not only to have resisted the call of her blood, but to have sucked another vampire's venom from her blood. How did he manage to stop after tasting such sweet ambrosia?" He continued to muse as he paced the floor in front of the triad of thrones, gesticulating theatrically. "The girl is remarkable for a human. In addition to being the one exception to Edward's gift, it seems that she is also immune to many of our gifts. Jane was quite frustrated when she could not control the girl. And I..."―he paused dramatically before turning on his heel to face Carlisle―"I have never met a vampire or human that was not subject to my own talent. For her gift to be so strong as a human...can you imagine what she would be like as one of us? Yet your family refused to turn her." His excitement and disbelief at the situation were evident, but a darker intent lurked deeper. Aro wanted Bella. Carlisle cleared his throat, well aware of his role in breaking the most sacred of their laws. "We felt it was up to Edward since she was his mate. He forbade anyone else from changing her. I would have willingly done this, and only refrained because we believed he would eventually change her himself." "So you are willing to change the girl?" Relief and hope swept through Carlisle as Aro implied that Bella was still alive. "Yes." Aro nodded and held up his hand as Caius began to object. "Felix!" he called out. Carlisle heard the unmistakable rhythm of Bella's heartbeat nearing the doors on the left. The shuffling of her footsteps was out of place in this fortress of vampires. The doors exploded open and the sound echoed off the stone walls. Bella, so small and fragile, appeared in front of the towering vampire. Her hair hung limply, sticking to her face and neck. Black and purple bruises blossomed on her pale arms as she shivered. He quickly assessed her vitals and found her to be in better shape than he expected. She stared at the floor, uncaring as to what her fate may be and he was unable to see her face. Though Bella's demeanor made him fear the worst, Carlisle continued to hold on to a thin thread of hope that his children were still alive. He could only guess as to why they spared her life, but knew it would come with a price. As soon as Felix let go of her arms, she collapsed to the ground and Carlisle could barely stop himself from going to her. He refused to show any weakness in front of these monsters. "A few members of my guard were a little too overzealous in performing their duties." Aro's eyes flicked over to Felix, who cast his eyes downward, but not before a gleeful smile made its appearance. "Such a waste." Aro shook his head disapprovingly as he clucked his tongue. "I had given explicit instructions for Edward to be brought back here alive, much to his own dismay. I must say, Carlisle, I've never had such a request from a vampire before. Are you sure this animal diet is healthy?" He waved his hand dismissively before continuing. "Edward and Alice put up quite the fight to protect this human. Unfortunately, my guardsmen felt they had no choice but to destroy them in order to protect our life here in Volterra. You have my deepest condolences. I know the boy was your first companion and they were both so gifted...what a shame." Carlisle's fists clenched and his teeth ground together at Aro's admission. He willed his knees not to give out in his sorrow. The realization crashed through every fiber of his being, his still heart ripping and shredding at the knowledge that his two children had been destroyed, and mostly for sport. He struggled to regain his composure and focus on getting Bella out of here alive. Aro crossed over to Bella and rested his hand on her head, obviously still frustrated her mind was impervious to him. He glanced over his shoulder at the minute vampire who glared murderously at Bella's crumpled form. "Thankfully, Jane arrived before they could harm the girl and knew she would be of interest to me. Considering your loss, I feel it is only right to release Bella to you. On one condition. You