So, I wasn't planning on starting a new project, but I did. Partially it's because I'm hitting a block with my other two stories, and I wanted to beat the writer's block before it really had a chance to settle in. Also, I've been a PJO fan for a million years, so this was long overdue. Enjoy. Chapter 1 It was the most horrible day of my entire life. I didn't even die or anything. But one day I fell asleep in my fluffy, soft mattress with my cat sitting on my head, a few months after my sixteenth birthday, and when I woke up, things were… different. Let's get something straight: I am not a morning person. Not even close. My mind isn't even halfway to functional until I have at least two cups of highly caffeinated coffee, and even then I tend to fall asleep in the middle of first period. So when I woke up, I didn't really notice anything odd at first. The air in my room was weird, like I'd forgotten to open my window and let in fresh air the night before, but I figured it was probably owing to sinusy crap or something. Y'know, that junk that makes everything taste weird. I'd even been woken up in the same way as usual, the way I liked: no sound. Not a knock at my door, not a word. Instead, the light in my room had been turned on. It burned my eyes when I first opened them, but to me, all voices before 11:30 AM sounded like nails on a chalkboard. The longer I could postpone it, the better. I rolled over a few times before sitting up, my astigmatism totally ruining whatever images were before me. I blinked, smacked my lips, and then swung my legs over the side of my bed. Then I waited a few more minutes before actually rising, which was a good thing, because my feet were like five feet off the ground. What the heck? My ceiling is barely more than five feet off the ground. I leapt off, landing easily on my feet. Luckily, my balance had always been good. Still, I was more than a little put off. Had I had a sleepover with a friend, and I was just too groggy to remember it? Like I said, I wasn't a morning person. Still, that didn't seem like me. Something was wrong - way wrong. I rose off of the ground slowly and looked around, quickly picking out a table with a pair of plain brown-framed glasses on it. Mine. I picked them up and put them on, and the image instantly clarified. Far to my left was a door, to the right of which were the light switches. To the right of the switches were four different dressers. Each had a picture frame above them, but instead of a picture, they were filled with printer paper, with colorfully inked names in the ugliest fonts I'd ever seen: Nancy, Sarah-Grace, Phoebe, and Amara, Amara. That's me, but I've never been here before. And who are Nancy, Sarah-Grace, and Pheobe? I turned around. Directly across from the dressers were two sets of bunk beds. Probably the same girls who used those dressers slept in the beds here. I blinked a few more times. Damn, was I tired. As weird as this was, it was probably me forgetting something. I needed to get my priorities in order, and the first thing on my list at 7:18:56, 57, 58, and counting, according to the analog clock on the wall, was coffee. Coffee, and then I'd figure all of this out. I hurried towards the door and opened it, my palm covered with the fabric of my t-shirt, but closed it quickly when this little girl ran past wearing a loose grey sweater and a khaki skirt. I was still wearing pajamas, which also meant that I was not wearing a bra. In fact, it was possible that I was wearing nothing but panties. Luckily, I seemed to be wearing an overlarge t-shirt and a pair of fluffy black pants with snowflakes on them, which were, I remembered, exactly the same things I'd been wearing the night before. Mornings, I thought, wandering over to the dresser marked as mine and standing in front of it. I used my hand to grab a fistful of my shirt, covering my palm, and then pulled open the top drawer. It was full of grey-blue sweaters, neatly folded, with collared shirts sewn into them. I pulled one out and tossed it haphazardly onto one of the beds behind me, then opened the middle drawer. There were two piles: one with khaki pants and belts, and the other a pile of khaki skirts. I pulled out a pair of the pants and frowned. Since when did I ever own any skirts? Like, ever? Even if somebody had kidnapped me, they should have at least had the decency to research my style. The last drawer revealed nude-colored bras and socks (I grabbed some of those without hesitation) and panties. Had I changed my panties the night before? I paused in thought and grabbed a pair anyways. I was better off safe than sorry. Since the room was empty, and everyone who apparently lived in this room was a girl, based on their names, I decided to just go ahead and change. I turned to the bed with all of the clothing on it (clothing that looked a lot like school uniforms I'd seen in the past) and frowned. It looked weird somehow. Not the style; I didn't mind that. It was neat, and I was the kind of person who either dressed neatly, like in a button-down and pants, or with a simple tee and jeans with the occasional flannel or plaid shirt overtop of it. I didn't dress the 'trendy' way. I didn't care, it didn't matter, and it was expensive. No, the problem here was the size. All of the clothes looked way too small. "Morning," I muttered, shaking my head and discarding the overlarge Pirates of the Caribbean t-shirt and grabbing the bra. I looked down and had to hold back a scream. "What happened to my boobs?" I whispered hysterically once I had semi-calmed down. Where my uncomfortably large D-cups had once been were now - I glanced at the tag on the bra - the same B cups I'd had in fourth grade. This was clearly a dream. A bizarre, terrible dream. Me being the aspiring writer I was, I'd written 'dream scenes' before, and I'd had to research the differences between dream and reality before. So the first thing I did was to look down at my hand and really focus on it. It would have looked retarded if anybody had walked in (outrageous, actually - a half-naked me staring at my hand like I was trying to burn a couple of holes in it) but that didn't matter because it was a dream. Definitely a dream. But when I counted my digits, there were five. Not three, not four, not six. Five. So I needed a mirror. Regardless of my partial indecency, I was pretty much willing to streak around the hallway if it meant finding a mirror, but I struck it lucky (if you could call any of this more than bad luck) and there was one on the back of my door. This revealed any number of alarming things. The first thing I noticed was that I'd shrunk. I'd always been a little on the short side, but it wasn't bad. The mirror on the door, though, showed that I was… way short, though. Too short. Like… I appeared to be about four-foot-two. A tear involuntarily rolled down my cheek. Second, I noticed that I was thin. In reality - because I still wanted this to be a dream - I wasn't fat, but I was a little above average, and I'd been seriously considering a diet plan to help me get back on track. Here, I had the same healthy, thin layer of fat over muscle that I'd had when I was still enrolled in mixed martial arts. But that had been years ago. I'd quit MMA before I even hit sixth grade! Then I'd gotten addicted to chocolate ice cream and Netflix, and it was a downward spiral from there. A smaller detail that went along with that one was that my skin was pale as heck. I'd always been pale, but this looked sickly. Like I was dead or something. I adjusted my gaze from my body to my face, when I noted some other things that bothered me. It was becoming clear to me that, in this terrible, terrible dream, I was in a much younger body than my own, but there were a few things different about this body. For instance, assuming I was about twelve or thirteen, my hair should have been long, fluffy, and mud-colored. It was long and fluffy, alright, but it was a little darker, like the deep, rich brown of a coffee bean. It made my skin look even more grossly pale, but when I looked past that, I noticed that my freckles were absent. Of course. If my slight tan was gone, then why would my freckles still be there? But my eyes were still hazel and narrow, my nose a button, and my lower lip fuller than my upper one. I still looked mostly the same. Just… younger. And in a place I didn't recognize. And my reflection in the mirror was crystal clear, not a single blur or distortion about it. I looked down at my body. Other than the fact that I looked just like my twelve-year-old self, everything was perfect. My limbs were in fine shape. Again, none of the signs of distortion often shown in dreams. "One, two, three, testing," I said. "Testing." My voice sounded fine, and it was coming from my mouth. I looked at one of the dressers and tried to move it with my mind. It didn't work. I also couldn't make things appear with my mind, or make things disappear. I looked at the analog clock. Less than ten minutes had passed, and there were no signs - that I could think of - that suggested this was a dream. For the past few minutes I'd been perfectly calm, but now I pulled on my pirate shirt and crawled into the unfamiliar bunk bed. The mattress was thinner and less comfortable than my own, but it was also in way better shape. Even it didn't really provide comfort, so I burrowed beneath my covers and into the dark. Ten minutes later, two teachers had to rush into the room to stop me screaming. Ø "Okay, honey," said the teacher who'd stayed just outside of what was apparently my dorm room after telling me to get dressed and ready to go. It had taken her and the other teacher hours to calm me down. It had taken them almost one just to get me to poke my head out of the blanket. They'd both been entirely startled when I made them show me their teacher IDs, but now I didn't even remember this teacher's name. I didn't remember the other's either, but she'd run off, anyways. I'd always been good at forgetting them. "Just sit here. The nurse is going to see you soon, okay? And then she'll drop you off by the guidance office, okay?" I frowned, but nodded, and she left. I hadn't really wanted to be left alone in the little office, since the secretary, ever focused on her typing, didn't count as company. Still, I could hardly make myself any more vulnerable looking. It was clear enough that the teacher ladies had thought I was having some kind of a nervous breakdown. Whatever this was, I didn't want to make it worse for