OKAY so I've taken the plunge and I'm putting out my crazy thought for all to see ... I don't believe in huge authors notes I'm truly not a wordy bitch, but I must take a moment and thank a few people who pushed me and believe in me from the very beginning. Steph, you have been my rock and hand holder throughout it all. I could never thank you enough for all you have done for me and my little story! You have put up with all my emo' and bull, kept me sane and never got upset with me when I kept on forgetting period placements and how to spell the worm damn! I love you doll thank you By the way if you haven't read her story Sharpest Lives, what the hell are you waiting for? Run, read and review…its so good! Rachel you have rocked my world from the first sentences in your story To Serve Is Devine and if you haven't read that…fuck you are seriously missing out big time trust me run and read ...you have made me feel appreciated as your pre-reader and now have honored me with beta'ing for me ... you are a gem and I love u from the bottom of my heart. Thank you for the encouragement and praises. You have helped me with your wisdom and along with Steph have kept my periods in check. And to my sisters of FB Cat, BBC, and Sandra I love you all and I'm so proud of each of you. Twilight isn't mine… Chapter 1 Edwards's POV Ages: Edward 25 Bella 23 Rose 27 Emmett 28 Alice 25 Jasper 30 Carlisle 53 Esme 50 Playlist: Angel by Akon First time by Lifehouse Closer by Ne-Yo It's amazing how much your life can change in the blink of an eye; so much so that it reaches a point where you don't know which way is up, and that all you have been searching for will literally appear in front of you and knock you on your ass. Well that is exactly what happened to me today. Now before I go and explain the how and when, let me tell you a bit more about me... My name is the most feared name in all of South Florida. Wherever I go, people bow down to me and my family. We are feared, respected and envied. No one dares to fuck with a Cullen; they know that the legends about us are true and that if they did manage, they wouldn't live to tell about it. Now, I know you're all wondering the why… let me clue you in. My name is Edward Anthony Cullen and I'm the head of the Italian mob here in Florida, but we've made Miami our home…for many reasons that will be discussed later on. People envy us and will try to get close, they think the moment they associate themselves with a Cullen they'll have access to all we've dominated. They quickly learn it doesn't work that way. We're close knit family, we have everyone we need right here. Outsiders aren't needed and we trust no one. Women all try to get close me; they throw themselves at me constantly because of what I could do for them. Social ladder climbing bitches think that if I fuck them, that they are entitled to my cash and the power name adheres. It takes one swift kick in the ass and out the door they go! They learn it's not that simple. I have all but given up on ever finding the one, that one special woman that was made to be mine. I have watched my parents and siblings with their spouses over the years and I honestly envy them. What I wouldn't give to have my soul mate next to me during Sunday dinners and family gatherings. I see the looks of pity my sister and sister- in- law give me when they think I'm not looking… how badly they wish to see me happy and with someone worthy of being a Cullen. My mother, Esme, and father, Carlisle, have been together for over twenty five years. They still look at each other as if they are the only two people in the room. Their devotion to one another is astounding. Then there's my brother Emmett and his wife Rose, they met while she was being robbed. Of course my brother flew in to help; turns out she helped him when one of the muggers got a cheap shot in. It was love at first punch. Rose is a blond bombshell that kicks ass and takes names. She's loyal to her family and if you cross any one of us she will shoot you faster than you can blink. Emmett is a hulk of a man and is the muscle of the family. He has the heart of a teddy but mess with us or our business and you better pray he just leaves you in the E.R. And finally there's our Tink, a.k.a Alice, my twin, she's smaller than us all but packs a deadly punch. No one dares to cross her, her temper is short and her motto is shoot first ask questions later.' She's married to Jasper, who is my right hand man…my collector; so to speak. They met while at a coffee shop where she literally fell into his lap and just never got up. He's the calm to her storm. She's exuberant, he's laid back, and they just...fit. And finally there's me…a man with a lot on his shoulders and my father's legacy to live up to. A man's who's closed himself off with each betrayal from the opposite sex. Jaded by the dollar signs others see in him and who refuses to let others in when it comes to love. It was late in the in afternoon on Monday, when I found myself in a small restaurant called Latin Cafe having a Cuban sandwich while I waited for Miguel, my informant, to show up. His job was to snoop around and give me the info on what's going on in the underground. It just so happens that a shipment of cocaine and weapons of mine was supposed to arrive three days ago and never came. I would be willing to bet my left nut that it was Hunter who intercepted. I'm so fucking sick and tired of that dumb piece of shit fucker always trying to one up me. I think it's time we put him down like the dog he is. I'm interrupted from my internal dialogue when Miguel arrives. "Good morning sir ." He's all chipper and shit like this is some kind of social gathering. I swear this idiot is going to tire me out one day and will wake up with the fishes. That saying has always made me reminisce on those days back when I would watch my father work. He always walked with an air of authority and power. I focus on Miguel for a moment and watch as he tries to collect his thoughts while I sit and wait. He automatically starts off by telling me how he overheard James right hand man Laurent tell some henchman what needed to be done. His words were close to "No matter what, the goods must get to the warehouse before five in the morning so it can be moved and sold to the buyers he has." My anger flares and my hands start to shake. I'm going to kill James, how fucking dare he! I tense my body to stand when out of the corner of my eyes I see a goddess appear. She's wearing small cut off shorts with a blue tank top and black chucks. She's making her way over to a table with her friends at the other end of the patio. Her legs are long and shapely…they go on for days, so sexy and when she bent down to pick up a piece of paper she dropped, I was stupefied. God what a sweet ass I thought as my cock hardened. My body reacting to hers automatically, wanting to drop its knees and worship those luscious cheeks with a series of bites, licks, and smacks. I could see myself bending her over the table where she sat and plowing into her from behind. I would love to watch those cheeks jiggle with the force of each thrust... s hit I need to get a hold of myself, my mind screamed . No woman has ever affected me this way. I swear I heard angels sing, the sky parted and a beam of light hit her when she got up and flipped her luscious hair, swinging it over her left shoulder. It exposed a tattoo of a lotus flower and Chinese symbols in vibrant colors for all to see… I couldn't make out what the symbol said but I vowed in that moment that I wouldn't rest until I did. I had yet to see her face through all this torture, but when I did I almost died… she finally, after destroying me with her tempting body, turned my way while she sat. Her face looked up and we locked eyes. The world stopped. All I could think was, beautiful. Perfect heart shaped face and almond colored eyes that spoke to my soul... Really spoke to my soul where's your man card... My inner beast sneered. Then my eyes began to roam, down they went slowly as if to caress and memorize every freckle. My eyes landed on her lips and even my beast whimpered a bit. God those lips …so juicy, plump, he thought … so fucking bitable . I can see them wrapped around my cock sucking the life out of me while she looks up with those hypnotizing eyes of hers. My cock began fighting with my zipper... Let me out, Let me out he was screaming at me. Wanting to stake a claim on the love of his life, or so he claimed. I could only sigh as my inner beast joined in already claiming her in front of everyone and yelling "MINE!" I had to adjust myself to relieve some of the tension before I listened to them both and reacted. Shit I'm not opposed to that at all, my cock screamed at me. What is she doing to me? I haven't even heard her speak or touched her and I already want to claim her as my own. It's like my heart and cock know she should be mine. I've never reacted to a woman this way before. In fact women usually fall at my feet and beg for my attention, but shit, I just can't stop staring, THIS GODDESS has me and she doesn't even know it. "Edward, are you paying attention or are you too busy watching the sweet little piece in the corner ?" Miguel asked with a bit of annoyance in his tone. Quicker than he could react, I grabbed him by his throat and pulled him across the table and in a low menacing tone told him ." I would watch the fuckin' tone you use when speaking to me, Miguel," my hand tightening with each syllable that left my lips, "before you end up looking at me from the end of my eagle. My patience is getting thinner with each second that passed and believe me when I say no one, and I mean no one will miss a dirty cock sucking rat like you." I sat back still holding onto his neck and watched him squirm. " I came here to get info. I don't chit chat or waste my time so get the FUCK on with it! " I yelled at the end and let go of his throat. I kept my glare on him as I watched him swallow hard and start shaking knowing this wasn't a threat, just