You Never Even Knew An Everlark Fanfiction inspired by the movie That Thing You Do Special thanks to titania522 and katnissdoesnotfollowback for being such awesome betas, the-tesseract-wrinkling-time for the wonderful banner, chele20035 for prereading and cheerleading, and Damndonnergirls for fancasting Ken Bek as Darius. You, Doin' that thing you do, Breaking my heart into a million pieces, Like you always do And you, Don't mean to be cruel, You never even knew about the heartache, I've been going through Well I try and try to forget you girl, But it's just so hard to do, Every time you do that thing you do. Song lyrics from That Thing You Do by The Wonders Chapter 1: Intro "Just about done out here, son?" Peeta stops wiping down the counter and looks up to see his dad entering the bakery lobby from the kitchen door. "Yep," Peeta motions to the lobby around him. "The floors are swept, the tables and counters cleaned, and the shelves are stocked." Nodding, Mr. Mellark clasps Peeta on the shoulder. "You did a great job today. Now that you've graduated high school, I think I can stop worrying about this place and leave it in your trusty hands someday." Peeta looks down to hide the grimace on his face. "Sure thing dad," he says as he rubs the back of his neck. That's what's expected of him, he knows it. Inherit the family business and pass it down to his children someday, just like every other merchant in District 12. "Great," Mr. Mellark says as he gives Peeta's shoulder an extra squeeze before letting go. "You can do the books tonight. I'm headed home. You've got about 15 more minutes until closing time. Make sure you turn off the lights to the sign when you lock the door." "Will do, Dad," Peeta says with a small salute while watching his dad walk out the front door to his car. Peeta casually pushes the cloth around the counter, pretending to wipe while surreptitiously watching as his father's car pulls out of the parking space in front of the store and makes the left turn at the corner toward home. Once he's sure the coast is clear, Peeta reaches up to the radio on the top shelf behind the counter and changes the easy listening music that is always playing in the bakery to the rock and roll station just a few slots down the dial. A song has just ended when the DJ comes on, "Next up, a classic by the one and only Roger Chaff, but first a word from the sponsor." Peeta's eyes go wide as he smiles at the mention of his idol. As the DJ spouts the benefits of a Heavensbee Heavenly Mattress, Peeta peeks out the bakery front window, making sure the coast is still clear before bending down to open the backpack he keeps under the counter. He pulls out a set of worn drum sticks and rolls them between his fingers, savoring the way they feel. When the DJ finishes his spiel, Peeta hears the opening refrain from his favorite Chaff song and taps out the beat on the counter before him. As the song progresses, Peeta dances around the lobby, tapping out the rhythm on every available surface he comes across. He's drumming against the door to the kitchen when he hears the part of the song leading up to the end. Peeta spins around, determined to use the service counter as his drums for the big finale, when he's met by the grey eyes that feature prominently in his dreams. The drum sticks clatter to the floor as Peeta quickly turns back around and reaches up to silence the radio. Dragging a hand through his hair, he turns back to face his customer. Katniss Everdeen has a smirk on her face that Peeta tries to ignore. "What can I get for you tonight, Katniss?" Peeta asks, hoping she won't mention the performance she just witnessed. No such luck. "I didn't know you played the drums, Peeta," Katniss says instead of answering his question. "It's just a hobby," Peeta mumbles while studying his double-knotted shoelaces. "You're pretty good," Katniss declares. Peeta's eyes shoot up to meet hers as he tries to determine if she's making fun of him. Her blank expression revealing nothing, she asks, "Why weren't you in band in high school?" "With wrestling and working at the bakery, I really didn't have time for another extracurricular activity, besides, I don't think the band played the type of music I like to play. My parents certainly don't approve." Katniss chuckles and tugs on her braid. "Who knew, Peeta Mellark, the golden boy was secretly a rebel." Peeta smiles. "That's me alright," he says as he wipes his hands on his apron. "What can I get for you Katniss?" "I'm hoping you have 3 cupcakes left. It's Prim's birthday today." Peeta quickly washes his hands before boxing up her order and asks, "How is Prim doing, anyway?" Peeta can hear pride in her voice as Katniss explains that Prim is doing well in school and plans to go to college, which is a rare thing. Not many people from District 12 go to college. "She's going to take over the apothecary someday." As he hands the box to Katniss, he can't stop himself from asking, "What about you, Katniss? What are your plans for the future?" She's just placed her hands on the box when she looks up to meet his eyes. "I'll worry about that when the time comes." She releases a heavy sigh before continuing, "For now, I'm just going to keep working at the apothecary until Prim is done with her schooling." That smirk is back on her face when she asks, "What about you, Peeta? You gonna be a drummer in a rock and roll band and make your fortune?" "Honestly, I wish I could become a studio drummer and work with all the greats when they record their albums, but I'll probably just take over the bakery when my dad retires." Katniss appears to be stunned by Peeta's answer. Their eyes meet and neither seems to be able to look away. The standoff is broken by the sound of a car horn outside the bakery. Peeta pulls his hand away from the box that they were both just holding between them and bends down to pick up his drumsticks. He's surprised that Katniss is still standing at the counter when he rises back up. Startled, he tells her, "Goodnight, and tell Prim I said Happy Birthday." Katniss smiles, "I will, Peeta, thank you." She hesitates for a moment before continuing, "I hope your dream comes true for you, Peeta." Her eyes go wide as she appears startled by her own words before turning and rushing out the door. Peeta walks around the counter to lock up behind her. He sees Katniss getting into a car waiting outside. When the car drives off, Peeta leans his head against the glass door and whispers, "You too, Katniss, whatever your dreams may be." "What can I get for you, Dearie?" the grey haired octogenarian asks Peeta as he peruses his menu while sitting at the counter at Sae's Diner. After working the busy morning shift at the bakery, Peeta decided to take his lunch at the popular eatery next door. "I'll have the burger and fries, and a Coke please," he orders. When Sae walks away to place his order with the kitchen, Peeta turns around on his stool and looks across the diner. He sees a group of girls he knew from high school sitting together, giggling and talking to the boys at the next table. A few of the girls wave to Peeta when they see him looking their way. He waves and smiles in return. The boys look up to see what has drawn the girls' attention away from them. One of the boys, Finnick Odair, catches Peeta's eye and waves. He says something to the others at his table before calling Peeta over. Finnick is originally from District 4 and the resident flirt, his bronze hair and swimmer's physique made him the one all the girls want to be with, but he never seemed to stay with one for very long. Next to Finnick is the class clown, Darius Korsgaard, who is an exchange student from District 2. His bright red hair made him stand out from the start, but it was his wicked sense of humor that made him very popular with the other students. He fit right in with Finnick. Instead of the two becoming competitors for attention, Darius and Finnick became fast friends and a force to be reckoned with, always the center of attention. As Peeta makes his way over to Finnick, he can see that the third member of the trio at the table is Thom Davis, a local boy with straight black hair and olive skin, the typical look of people who grow up after generations of family living in the Seam neighborhood of District 12. He's quiet and unassuming, especially next to Darius and Finnick, yet quick to lend a helping hand when needed. Thom is everybody's friend. Katniss sits next to Thom, but she's not paying attention to the flirting going on; she has her head bowed over what looks to be a notebook. Katniss scribbles something in the book with one hand while pulling on the end of her braid with the other. After just a moment, she furiously crosses it out and goes back to talking quietly with Gale Hawthorne, who is sitting on Katniss' other side. Peeta suspects they are dating, since they seem to go everywhere together, but to him, they look like they could be brother and sister, with their grey eyes and black hair, both too good looking for their own good. "Hey, Peeta," Finnick greets when Peeta reaches their table. "If you're not busy tomorrow night, you should come see our band play in the competition at the Women's College." As he looks around the table, trying to decide how to answer, he notices that Katniss has looked up to see what he will say. Peeta looks right at her when he says, "Maybe I will. What's the name of your band?" A small smile plays on Katniss' face, but quickly fades when Gale gruffly declares, "That's what we're supposed to be figuring out," and calls everyone's attention back to the discussion at hand, effectively dismissing Peeta. He can hear them arguing over the name of their band as he makes his way back to the counter where his lunch is waiting for him. As he's eating, Sae comes out of the kitchen with a large paper bag and calls Katniss to the counter, "Here's your lunch order, Girl." Peeta tries to pretend he's not paying attention when Katniss comes up beside him to pick up her order, but he can't help himself from listening in. "Thanks Sae," she says as she reaches for a brown paper bag. "I've got to get this food over to the apothecary for Mother and Prim." When Sae walks away, Katniss turns to Peeta and says quietly, "I hope you can make it to the show tomorrow night." By the time he looks up to offer her a reply, she's already out the door, swiftly walking toward the apothecary with the bag of food held out in front of her. Later that afternoon, Peeta is back behind the counter at the bakery, trying to keep busy while waiting for his sister Delly to arrive and take over for the afternoon shift. He sees her across the street waiting for the light at the crosswalk to change, her curly blonde hair bouncing as she bops up and down to the music playing through the headphones that she constantly wears. Katniss and Gale pass in front of the bakery, blocking his view of his sister,