Author's note: This was originally written as a gift for SoThere for the AO3 Holiday Fic Exchange. "Come along children. This is going to be a big, big day," Aunt Effie trills as Prim and I follow her and Uncle Haymitch through the doors of the Snow Resort. Aunt Effie and Uncle Haymitch have been taking care of us ever since my father passed away and my mother went into an unresponsive state. Well, not exactly ever since. It took some convincing from a certain blue eyed, blond haired boy to make me realize that it's OK to accept help; that I don't have to do everything on my own. "Now children, I expect you to act like young ladies, especially you Katniss. You need to be on your best behavior." Effie says and I can't help the snort that escapes me at this last comment. She's been trying to turn me into a proper young lady ever since we moved in with her and Uncle Haymitch four years ago. I do try. I know she only wants what's best for me, but I can't be something I'm not. I don't miss the smirk on Uncle Haymitch's face or the frown from Aunt Effie, but she is interrupted by a voice as we approach the front desk. "After all these years, I'm so glad you could finally make it, Haymitch." A tall man with grey hair and beard grabs Uncle Haymitch's hand and pats him on the back as he turns to us. "Who are these lovely young ladies?" Effie blushes at the compliment and Prim and I just smile politely as Uncle Haymitch introduces us to the resort owner Coriolanus Snow. As I shake his hand I notice that his lips purse and his eyes, almost snake-like, narrow at something over my shoulder. I discreetly wipe my hand on my pant leg as soon as he releases it. He returns his gaze to our family and smiles, "It's wonderful to meet you all. I do hope you enjoy your stay as I have reserved the best cabin for you. I will see you at dinner, Haymitch, so we can catch up." He snaps his fingers and directs a bell hop to help with our luggage. I turn quickly to see what had him so irritated as he walks up to a group of casually dressed young men and women who are standing just inside the resort lobby. The leader of the group, a young man with curly blond hair and striking blue eyes seems somewhat familiar. He looks up from Mr. Snow's lecture and his eyes meet mine and I can't help but blush at being caught looking. I turn away quickly and grab Prim's hand as Aunt Effie and Uncle Haymitch begin to follow the bell hop to our cabin. After getting settled in our cabin, we get dressed for dinner. Effie demands that Prim and I wear dresses every night. Prim's dress is a soft blue that matches her eyes, mine is a light orange that Effie says looks nice with my skin tone. She says, "You never know, you might meet a young man while we're here. You always want to look your best, dears." Prim is only 14, so I know she really means me. She tries to get me to wear makeup but I refuse. She's been trying for years, but I'm not going to pretend to be someone I'm not just to please some stuck up Ivy Leaguer that Effie so clearly wants me to meet. If he can't accept me for who I am, forget him. When we enter the dining room, we are escorted to our table. Mr. Snow is there to greets us, "Haymitch, ladies, I'd like to introduce you to your waiter, Gale Hawthorne. He is studying mechanical engineering at MIT." When Gale sees me he says, "How are you doing, Catnip?" I just laugh. I haven't heard that nickname since before our fathers died. Mr. Snow, Haymitch and Effie look at me for an explanation, but Gale answers for me. "Katniss and I knew each other back in the Seam neighborhood of Panem. Prim was so little then, she probably doesn't remember, but our fathers were friends. We haven't seen each other since she and Prim moved away." This revelation piques Effie interest. "Well, you two can catch up after dinner, then." "Certainly, ma'am," Gale says as he starts to explain today's dinner specials. Mr. Snow seems pleased as he excuses himself to greet other guests arriving for dinner. After dinner, Gale asks me to join him for dancing in the ball room. Uncle Haymitch and Aunt Effie are going so I decide, "why not?" Prim tags along, but I don't think she knows what to do with herself. When the music starts, Uncle Haymitch and Aunt Effie start dancing. Gale asks me to dance, but I don't want to leave Prim alone, so we sit with her for a while. Gale tells us that after we moved away, his mother remarried. His step father is an engineer and Gale wants to follow in his footsteps to work on improving mining safety. As we talk, a small girl about Prim's age walks up and introduces herself as Rue. She and Prim hit it off right away. They start gigging about their favorite celebrity crushes and have to roll my eyes; they're two peas in a pod. Since Prim now has someone to keep her company, I tell Gale I'm ready for that dance. Once we're out on the dance floor, Gale asks, "What about you, Catnip? What have you been up to?" "I just graduated high school and I'll be leaving for Capital University in the fall. I'm studying Wildlife and Forestry Management. Prim is going to study to be a doctor once she graduates, she's so smart." When the song ends, a rather stunning couple moves to the middle of the dance floor. The woman is beautiful with a porcelain complexion, her blond hair piled on top of her head in a loose up-do. She is wearing a shimmering gold gown with a plunging neckline and slits up both sides to show off her dancer's legs. The man I saw being lectured by Snow earlier is her partner. His unruly blond hair is now styled back and he is wearing tight black pants and an iridescent blue shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows and several buttons undone revealing a chiseled chest and abs. When the music starts, the two begin to dance and I can't keep my eyes off the couple. They dance beautifully, so sensually. They move around the floor and I can feel the rhythm of the music flow through my body as they dance. I wish I could move like that. Out of the corner of my eye, I see a sharp movement. I turn and see Snow signaling to the couple to stop. I don't understand why. Everyone is so enthralled by their dancing. I look back at the couple and see them pull apart. As the woman cuts in and starts dancing with Uncle Haymitch, the man looks right at me. I can't help but be mesmerized by his familiar blue eyes. Aunt Effie taps him on the arm and he breaks eye contact to look at her, smiling, he asks her to dance. I watch them for a minute, but I begin to feel embarrassed for staring. I sheepishly look up at Gale thinking he's going to make fun of me, but he's still staring at the woman. I ask him who they are and he seems startled, like he forgot I was there. He begins to lead me around the dance floor again as he explains that they are Madge Undersee and Peeta Mellark from back in Panem. Madge was the mayor's daughter, I didn't know her well, but I remember Peeta Mellark, no wonder he looked familiar. After my father died, he gave me hope when I didn't have any; he made me realize that it's OK to accept help. My mother had kept herself together during my father's funeral, but once everyone left, she became overcome with grief, she hardly left her bed. Prim and I were left on our own and I tried to keep up appearances, but the money ran out quickly and we needed food. Insurance checks came, but I couldn't cash them, I was only fourteen at the time. I didn't know what to do. I had tried to pawn some of my mother's jewelry, but they wouldn't buy from a minor. As I was walking back home, I sat down at the picnic table outside the bakery, trying to figure out what to do. The smells coming from the bakery were so inviting, but I couldn't afford anything they had for sale. The baker's wife saw me sitting there and chased me away saying, "The picnic tables are for paying customers only, move along." Dejectedly, I got up and walked across to the edge of the lot and leaned against a bare apple tree. If it had been later in the year, perhaps there would have been some apples to gather, but it was early spring, so no such luck. I was worried about what would happen to us. If anyone found out that Mother couldn't take care of us would Prim and I be split up and put in foster homes? As I starting sinking down to the ground ready to give up, I heard the door to the bakery open and I worried that the baker's wife was coming back to yell at me again. I looked up and saw that it wasn't the baker's wife, but his youngest son, Peeta. He was in my grade at school, although we never talked before. He was from town and I was from the Seam neighborhood, they didn't mix. Peeta walked over and sat down beside me. He asked me to join him for lunch and before I could answer he pulled a sandwich from the bag he was carrying and handed me half. He bit into his half and nodded to the one in my hands. I looked down at it and back at Peeta and he gave me a smile. I smiled back and took a big bite. It was wonderful, dark roast beef piled high with cheddar cheese on hardy Italian bread. As I chewed I looked back at Peeta, he was smiling so wide, I could see the bread sticking in his teeth. I couldn't help but laugh at the sight, but since I still had a mouthful of food, my laughter turned into coughs. Peeta jumped up and patted my back until the coughing stopped. He handed me a bottle of water from his bag and I drank nearly all of it. Peeta asked me if I was OK and I joked, "Yes, you just saved my life." He plucked a dandelion from the ground as he smiled at my response. "No really, are you OK? Why are you sitting out here by our tree?" I hesitated to tell him the truth, but I needed someone to talk to so I told him everything: how much I missed my father, my mother's condition, us running out of food and my worries about going into a foster home and being separated from Prim. He sat back and just listened as I spoke, but when I finished, I started to cry. I couldn't hold it in any longer. I had tried to be strong for my mother and Prim, but after I poured my heart out to Peeta I couldn't stop myself. Peeta wrapped his arms around me and just held me as I cried. Once I stopped, Peeta asked me if I had any family that I could turn to. I told him that my mother's sister Effie and her husband Haymitch were the only family