A/N: I had this idea today for a oneshot and just had to write it. I've never written a oneshot before but I had this idea and I just had to write it. Hope you enjoy it! Summary; Bella and Edward have been friends for over ten years, but after a massive argument they haven't spoken in over a month. How will Bella react when Edward gets in contact with her with some devastating news? Bella: " Hey, Bella. It's me. Edward. I, uh, I know we haven't spoken in a while, but are you free later? There's something I need to tell you. Meet me in our place." Replaying the message, I debate with myself whether or not to go. Edward is… was my best friend, until a month ago when we had an argument. Our first argument, actually. Well, our first proper argument. We used to playfully mock each other all the time, but that day I knew it wasn't playful. So now, what does he want? Why now, after all this time, does he want to speak to me? "Ugh!" I huff, punching the wall before flopping down on my bed. Flexing my left hand, I wince as pain shoots through me. A quick glance shows me the area around my knuckles is already red and beginning to swell. That'll give me a lovely bruise. Getting restless, I stand up and start pacing around my small bedroom. Why? Why did he have to leave me that message? Granted, I could've spoken to him, but as soon as I saw it was him calling, I left my phone alone. He doesn't contact me for a whole month and now he wants to talk to me? It sounded serious, too. Screw it; I know I'll end up going. Curiosity will get the better of me, there's no use trying to deny it. I head over to my wardrobe and riffle through the heap of clothes at the bottom, looking for my jeans. It's a bit of a hike to our place, so I put on my scruffy jeans and find my walking boots. My top is already fairly scruffy, so I don't change that. After grabbing my hoodie and rucksack, I'm good to go. "I'm going out," I tell Sue the Social Worker as I reach the front door. "Where?" she asks, raising an eyebrow and walking closer. "Outside. The wilderness," I gesture outside impatiently. "Yes, I have my phone. Yes, I have money. No, I won't talk to strangers. Happy?" I ask, pre-empting her questions. "When will you be back?" she persists. Hopefully never. "Before curfew. Can I go now?" I request. With a reluctant nod of her head, I'm off as fast as possible. I hate living in the foster home. I hate this town. In just a few months, I'll be 18, able to go off to college far, far away. Preferably somewhere sunny. I'm not picky about courses, just anyway away from Forks. Since I live in the care home and don't have much money, I don't have a car, which means walking everywhere. I have a part time job, but that's mostly spent on eating at the diner because the food at the care home is absolutely terrible. Edward used to drive me places, since his parents are pretty rich. And absolutely lovely. Edward has the definition of a perfect family, so I guess it was only a matter of time before he moved on from me. I don't really fit in with his perfect image. When I reach the forest where most people go hiking, I don't follow the regular trail. I follow the path Edward originally found, and then showed me. I've been here so many times with him that, although it's a large forest, I never get lost. It's a pretty long trail, though, so whilst I'm walking I pull out a chocolate bar. The social workers don't believe in chocolate, so I've got a hidden stash in my bedroom. I don't know how the other kids survive, but I suspect some of the older ones with part time jobs have secret stashes like me. I finally reach the clearing Edward found. Its beauty still takes me away, especially in Forks' summer months. Well, it's more like a few weeks of sun in the middle of the year, but it's better than nothing. The floor of the meadow is covered with multi-coloured flowers, and at the edge of one side there's a small stream running through. Sunlight fills up the meadow on this rare sunny day in Forks. However, as beautiful as all this is, none of it captures my attention for as long as he does. Sat, almost in the centre of the meadow, is Edward. He's got his head in his hands and while I want to comfort him, I don't. I force myself to remember the words he said to me. "Bella!" Edward calls out when he sees me, quickly standing up. "I didn't think you would come," he adds, walking over to me. I shrug. "So, what was it you had to tell me?" I ask. Edward sighs heavily, running his hands through his hair. "D'you want some water? You must be tired after the walk," Edward says, handing me a bottle of water. I take the bottle from him and eagerly drink half of it before handing it back to him. Chocolate makes me thirsty; I should've brought a bottle with me. "Are you going to tell me or are you building the suspense?" I ask, crossing my arms. "I'm leaving." Edward looks away from me, looking as though he's close to tears. I don't know what to say. Edward's been…well, he's always been there for me. Even if we weren't talking he was still… there . "When?" I question, though what I really want to know is where, why? But I can't ask him that. I can't let him know how much I care about him. Everyone I care about eventually leaves, anyway. I don't know why I didn't see this coming. "In two weeks," Edward tells me. "I don't…" he trails off. "Was that all you wanted to tell me?" I try to act like I don't care even if my heart is breaking. "You could've left that in a message or something," I shrug, turning away from him. "Anyway, I should go. I don't want to be back late." What I really don't want is for Edward to see me crying, which will happen as soon as I'm alone. I'm already struggling to keep the tears at bay. "When have you ever cared about meeting your curfew?" Edward demands angrily. "Don't you care at all?" Edward asks, glaring down at me. "I thought you knew all about my feelings. Or don't you remember what you said?" I ask, knowing full well he remembers. "Bella, I-" " You don't care about anything. Did you ever like me, or did you just put up with me? " I mimic his voice, still pissed about what he said. "Please, Bella-" " Do you actually know what feelings are? Have you ever cared for anyone? " I continue, watching as his face falls. "Look, I didn't-" " You know everything about me. Everything! Yet you won't even tell me your middle name or anything about- " "STOP!" Edward shouts, breaking me from recalling any more of his hurtful words. Edward never, ever shouts. I'm not even sure I've heard him shout before. "What I said was wrong and hurtful and I'm so sorry, Bella," Edward says, much quieter. "I'd accept that apology," I tell him, watching as he begins to smile. "If you'd called me the day after. One month, Edward! One whole month without a single word to me! Nothing! So, no, I don't accept your terribly heartfelt apology. You're leaving, anyway. What do you care about making amends with me?" I shout, turning around and running off as tears spill over. For years I've hidden my emotions from everyone, and now I'm shouting and crying in front of him. The one person who I actually give a damn about. "Bella, don't leave, please don't leave me," Edward begs, grabbing hold of my arm. "You're leaving me, why can't I do the same to you?" I ask bitterly. "Because I love you," Edward says. I pull my arm free and storm off to the edge of the forest, wishing I'd never come. Why couldn't Edward and his perfect parents just leave now? Why did he have to make me feel things? "If you loved me you wouldn't leave me," I tell him. Not that I believe he can love me, anyway. I'm messed up. He knows that much. Even if he knows nothing else about me, he knows how messed up I am. He said it himself a month ago. "I'm not," Edward says, turning me to face him. "But you just said-" "Come with me," Edward says, cutting me off. I stare up at him. "Edward, I can't. I don't have any money; I can't just run away from the foster home." I want to, Edward, I want to run away with you and never look back. But I can't because you'll find someone new, someone better than me. Someone you deserve. "My parents want to adopt you. You can come and live with us. You don't have to be alone forever," Edward tells me quickly. "Let me in, Bella, please let me in," Edward begs, grabbing a hold of my hands. "They…They can't. I'm messed up, Edward. I don't fit with your perfect family; I don't fit with you," I tell him. Edward pulls me into him, wrapping his arms around my waist and squeezing me tightly. I cling to him desperately, burying my head into the crook of his neck to hide my tears. His large hands gently stroke up and down my back as he whispers calming words to me. "Can't you feel how we fit together? You feel perfect in my arms, you always have," Edward whispers, kissing the top of my head. "I'm mess-" "Stop saying that. I love you and my family wants to help you. You don't have to love me back. You don't even have to like me. But please, please accept my parent's help," Edward pleads with me. "You're ridiculous," I tell him, moving off his chest to look up at his face. "I don't even have to like you? I know I try to hide my emotions, but I don't think even I can hide anymore. I love you, Edward. I've loved you since the first day when I threw mud on your perfectly white top. I just…I'm not very good at showing emotions. As you pointed out," I admit to him. "I really am sorry about that. I've just loved you for so long and my parents had just told me we were moving. I couldn't bear the thought of leaving you without telling you I loved you," Edward tells me. "Apology accepted," I tell him. "And, uh, I'm sorry for being a bitch to you. For all the times I was a bitch to you. I'd pick an example, but there's too many to choose from," I add, grinning sheepishly. "Most of the time I deserved it," Edward shrugs, grinning. "I also accept your apology, though," Edward says while brushing a lose strand of my hair behind my ear. I lean into his touch, gazing up into his eyes. Edward's eyes meet my own as we spend forever staring at each other. "Are you going to kiss me or what?" I ask, smirking. Edward chuckles and shakes his head at me, before leaning down. "I was trying to be romantic," he murmurs. He leans down a little more as I tilt my head up, joining our lips together. Our lips move together as we kiss slowly and passionately, Edward's arms pulling me tightly