The Great Hall had been home to many spectacles concerning the Marauders, and most of them also concerned Lily Evans, or, better yet for the rumour mill at Hogwarts, their long-time nemesis Severus Snape. There had been no greater feud to grace the hallowed halls of the world-famed school since that of Godric Gryffindor and Salazar Slytherin, and no student was willing to bet for even a moment that more than a few days would ever go without some kind of verbal - or sometimes and often inevitably physical - battle between them. But the spectacles that concerned Lily Evans, however, were more entertaining for the staff. But less so, of course, for Lily. "Hey Evans," said James Potter cheerfully, dropping down into the seat at the table beside her own. "Looking utterly ravishing today, love." "What?" she blinked. "Has hell frozen over?" James stared at her in confusion. Behind him, Remus Lupin was already muffling snickers. "It must have done," she said, almost to herself. "Because there's no way that James Potter is flirting with me, right? He's never done that before." "Never," Marlene McKinnon affirmed innocently, smirking over the rim of her pumpkin juice goblet. "Where could that ridiculous idea have come from?" Alice Prewett blinked, tilting her head. James pouted at the three girls, who stared innocently back at him, fluttering their eyelashes innocently at him - for effect, Lily Evans would later vehemently insist to her friends in the privacy and safety of their dormitory. "Alright, I get it," he said, clambering up off the bench, still pouting, taking one of Lily's croissants with him. "But if you change your mind..." "Shove off, Potter," Lily snorted. "I'm never going to change my mind!" And with that, Lily stood up, snatched her croissant back and strode out of the room. Alice, giggling, pulled a guffawing Marlene out of the room, both hurrying to keep up with their friend. Remus and Sirius sat down on either side of James. "You're not done with her, are you?" Remus grinned, taking a bite of the toast that Alice had left behind, as Sirius dove into the remnants of Marlene's breakfast. "Never," James said dreamily, sinking into Lily's seat and staring off after her. "Our children are gonna be smart and beautiful." Sirius snorted. "Not to mention imaginary." And Remus hit him. Lily hated him. Promise. Sitting down carefully on the other side of the rock, she didn't look at him. She, like everyone else, knew exactly what was going on. She, like everyone else, had seen the letter arrive that morning at breakfast by way of black owl; and she, like everyone else, had seen him stand up and stumble out of the hall without touching his food, without saying another word to anyone. She'd seen Sirius seize the worn parchment and his eyes flick over the harshly inked words quickly, she'd seen Remus shoot up and out of his chair without even bothering to look at the letter, and she'd seen Sirius stagger out of the room a few minutes later, tears quickly pooling in his eyes. It was evening now. None of the Marauders had been until lunchtime, when Remus and Sirius had walked in, shoulders hunched, having missed four out of six lessons already, and sit down - they ate minimally, had managed meagre smiles when she'd pushed a basket of rolls towards them, hadn't said a word to each other or anyone else; and at the end of lunch, when they'd sat in sullen silence for twenty three minutes without eating much, they'd staggered out and off to class. James had missed all of the day's classes, lunch and dinner, and he hadn't been in the common room all day. It was strange, because until she didn't have it, she didn't realise how much of her day had been taken up by grumbling about his messy hair, the easy banter between them, making fun of him with her friends, rejecting him - her day was almost empty without him. And now, sitting opposite him, she couldn't find it in herself to say anything she usually would, because she'd seen the tear tracks and the red-rimmed, swollen eyes, and the way his shoulders were hunched forward. "You're okay, Potter," she said quietly, fiddling with the laces of her sneakers. He snorted. "Yeah, okay Evans," he shot gruffly at her over his shoulder. "You know everything, right?" She closed her eyes. "You didn't mean that," she told him. "I didn't mean that," he told her. A moment of silence passed between them, and her shoulders fell and she slumped; her back met his, and while she jolted a little in surprise, he didn't move - if anything, he leaned into her, and after a moment of tense silence between them, she leaned back as well, her shoulders meeting his. In a way, it was comforting, knowing that his weren't shaking anymore. "What happened?" she asked, voice cracking a little bit. Neither of them mentioned it. "Mum's dead and Dad's as good as," James muttered darkly, glaring at a blade of grass on the floor. "Always said it was going to happen one day. They've been fighting him for long enough. I used to think they were paranoid, but - " " - shhhh, James. You don't need to explain anything to me," she cleared her throat. "Merlin, Potter, I'm - I'm so fucking sorry." Tears began to pool in her own eyes and she blinked furiously to clear them. James didn't say anything. She didn't expect him to. Lily swallowed. This wasn't right. James Potter wasn't supposed to sit on the grounds on his own, be gruff, dark and miserable, cry, be a bitter sod. James Potter was supposed to be an arrogant toe-rag who mussed up his hair, asked her out obnoxiously, pulled pranks that made people laugh and smile and be happy, walk the halls with a spring in his step, hang around with his friends like he and they were the only people in the world that mattered. Potter was an arrogant toe-rag. Potter didn't deserve this. If Remus and Sirius hadn't been able to cheer him up - if his best friends in the whole world, who knew him like no one else did, who finished his sentences and treated him like a brother - who could? If she had to bet anyone could possibly make this worse, it had to be her. But if anyone could make it better, it might also be her. Clearing her throat, Lily straightened up on the rock and turned around. She leaned over and plucked his glasses off his face and pushed them onto her own face. One hand reached up and mussed her hair in his signature obnoxious, sky-high quiff, and the other pulled one arm of the glasses to shove them askew on her nose. Furrowing her eyebrows and twitching her lips in the crooked grin she knew so well, she looked over at him, forcing her eyes into the smoulder he'd tried on her so many times. "Alright, Evans?" she said in a lower voice, waggling her eyebrows at him. He looked at her out of the corner of his eyes. They were still swollen, wet and red. Merlin, she had to resist the urge to burst into tears herself. "Looking utterly ravishing today, love," she yawned extravagantly. "I'm an egotistical hot-headed toe-rag who walks the hallways without a care in the whole world. I've chased the same girl since first year. I pull obnoxious, ridiculous pranks that make people laugh. I'm a confusing bully who can be sweet and nice one moment, and then turn around and bully and hex your best friend. I play Quidditch and I never shut up about it - " She looked at James. His shoulders were shaking again. " - Evans," he spluttered, laughing so hard his face was flushed red. "Merlin, Evans, I - " He paused. Stared at her. She stared back at him. Lily grinned broadly. "Go out with me, Evans?" she waggled her eyebrows again. James flattened his hair and sat up straight, fluttering his eyelashes primly. "As if I'd ever go out with an arrogant toe-rag like you, Potter!" he said in a high-pitched voice. They stared at each other for a moment. Lily, hair messy in his own style, eyes wide and slightly obscured behind his stupid rectangular wire-framed glasses, her hands still thrown up in the air in the yawn; James, his hands clasped together and pressed to the side of his face, eyelashes still batting slowly, a goofy grin stretching his crooked thin lips wide. And for a moment, she could swear that she actually thought that he was attractive. And then they burst out laughing. "Merlin," she panted, holding the stitch in her side. "Holy hell, Evans," James guffawed, staring at her. "You're - you're amazing." She beamed back at him, and for a moment he continued to stare at her, his own eyes full of something akin to awe. And then he seemed to realise just what he'd said, because his face went an awful shade of maroon and cleared his throat, tearing his eyes away from her. "Uh, yeah," he muttered, clearing his throat again. And Lily just smiled back at him. Rising slowly on her knees to cup his face in her hands, she looked at him, her face nearing his own. He was frozen, staring at her in disbelief. His face was still bright red and continuing to flush further. She inhaled slowly, almost nervously, and then closed the distance and softly pressed her lips to his. A moment passed. James pulled away, wide-eyed, his face almost purple. But there was a goofy grin on his face. "Marry me, Evans." "Try again, Potter." "Go out with me, Lily?" "... I'd love to, James." " - you, Evans, you click." Lily raised an eyebrow, glancing up from the eight inches of the three foot of Defence homework she'd been stuck on for the past half an hour. It was a lazy, slow Sunday in the Gryffindor common room and as of yet, she hadn't spoken to anyone that morning and she had no plans to - social interaction on the remnants of the butterbeer or two she'd had last night, three hours of sleep and eight subjects of homework she'd procrastinated on completing the night before, meant that anyone who thought for a second they could talk to Lily Evans would be disappointed - violently. "I click, Black?" she snorted, a tangle of red puffing out of the way of her face as she stared at Sirius, who was lounging in an armchair adjacent to the dwindling fireplace. "Yeah, you click," he said, lazily flicking his wand to entice the flames to leap higher. Huffing and putting the sheaf of parchment down on the couch cushion beside her, Lily put her chin in her hand and leaned forward, arching one eyebrow. "Meaning?" Sirius smirked, his head making a soft 'thunk' against the arm of the chair as it slumped back. His hair was messy, shaggy, falling into his face, but for the first time, he didn't seem to care much for it. "It means you're part of us," he said, waving his arm wildly to gesture around the common room. Lily arched an eyebrow and glanced around. Remus, sat in the other couch, snoring quietly, exhausted but grinning a little in his sleep, his hair flopping down into his face and the warm flush of sleep hiding his scars from her and anyone who might have seen them. James, sitting on the floor in front of that sofa with a Transfiguration textbook in his lap, his wand in his hand and a small silver goblet in the other - every once in a while he'd take a handful of his hair and mutter a curse and something odd about a missed class in fourth year.