A/N Hi guys! So you voted for it. I was going to keep the voting open longer but nothing was catching up with this baby. For those who were interested in The Alpha's Mate you can read the first two chapters on Fiction Press. It's called Alpha's Heart on there. So check it out. So in the meantime let me know what you think! Chapter One "Kate, get your ass out of the bathroom. You're going to be late for school!" Edward Masen banged his clenched fist against the bathroom door once more for good measure. God help him from teenage daughters , he thought with a scowl. How long could a fifteen year old girl take to get ready in the morning? From what he remembered of his teen years it was brush teeth, shower and out the door. Not Kate, though, she took longer than God did to create the Earth. Scowling down at his watch he noted that he was already running late for his work. Great, the Chief would have his ass. As a usually punctual Detective in of the Nashville Police Department, Edward didn't think it would look too good if he came rushing in late... again. The door to the only bathroom in the house swung open along with a shit load of hot steam. Was the girl trying to turn his normally neat and tidy bathroom into a messy Sauna? "Perfection takes time, Edward," the young girl wrapped in two thick white towels quipped as she strode past him. Instead of snarling at her about the steam, the cosmetics left along the counter and the duration she'd spent in the bathroom he growled, "Hurry up." Slamming the door behind him Edward leaned back against the bathroom door and tried to breathe, which was hard to do in the stuffy room. For the thousandth time in the last year he wondered what the hell had happened to his life. A year ago he was the ultimate bachelor. He went to work, came home, dated women who wanted nothing from him but a good time and no strings and hung out with his friends. How had it changed to yelling at the bathroom door, putting... tampons on the shopping list and generally having his life turned upside down? He could still remember that day when everything had changed for him. When he had gone from being the most important person in his life and then having to put someone else first. Edward had been enjoying his first day off in three weeks, laying back on his couch in sweats and enjoying a game and a beer while waiting for his partner, Emmett McCarthy, to come over for what he called 'Guy's Night'. Emmett was married and was going through fertility treatment with his wife, Rosalie, and had said need some time to be a man. Thirty minutes later than Emmett had said he'd be there the phone rang. Reaching out Edward had grabbed the cordless grey phone and pressed the answer button. "What's taking so long, asshat, I'm hungry," he had growled thinking it could only be his friend on the end of the line. "Mr. Masen?" the voice on the other end asked uncertainly . Wanting to curse he answered, "This is he. Who is this?" "Hello, my name is Carmen Rosa. I was a good friend of Tanya Volkov." Edward blinked. He hadn't spoken to Tanya since the day she'd broken up with him just a little over fourteen years ago. He had to think hard to picture her face. Pretty with ice blue eyes and strawberry blond hair. She was sweet, he remembered, right up until the moment she threw a glass of beer in his face and stormed out. In her defense he had been making out with her best friend at a keg party. God, he was an ass back then. He cringed at the memory of the hurt look in her eyes before fury had taken its place. It was then that her words clicked. "Was?" he demanded. There was a long pause on the other end of the phone. "I'm sorry," she all but whispered. "Tanya died in a car accident a week ago." Edward sat up, his hunger vanishing and nausea taking its place. "Oh my god," he mumbled. How many times, he thought, had he delivered those words to someone? As a Homicide detective for almost five years he'd stopped counting a while back. Her face became clearer in his mind now. He remembered meeting her in the library and asking her out while she had looked at him like he was crazy. How she'd had a husky laugh that she claimed came from her Russian grandmother. How she'd put up with a boyfriend that didn't deserve her in the slightest until he'd betrayed her... again. "I'm sorry," he whispered and even he could say whether he was offering his condolences to the stranger on the phone or to the young woman he'd hurt so deeply. "I wish I knew how to do this, but I don't so I'm just going to come out and say it. Tanya had a daughter, Mr. Masen. She's fourteen years old... and you're her father." Edward forced himself to stop his walk down memory lane and climb into the shower. A cold shower thanks to Kate who had used up all the cold water. Great. Yeah, that day had changed his life, he thought as he quickly scrubbed shampoo into his thick hair. He glanced at the brightly colored bottles that were everywhere. He still remembered the day when she had arrived. Her hair was blond, like Tanya's, but her eyes were green like his. She was beautiful, he thought, but was grieving deeply over the loss of her mother and afraid of the changes in her life. One being meeting and moving in with the father she'd never met. At first she'd been quiet, almost like a scared animal, but over time they'd found a groove and she'd came out of her shell. He found her to be funny, witty and challenging at times. Kate didn't mind being alone while he was at work, but he liked her to go and stay with Rosalie until he returned. Rosalie and Emmett had still been unable to conceive a child and after a lot of stress and heart ache had decided to step back a little. They still wanted children one day but wanted to focus on their relationship for the moment. Emmett had confided that he'd worried it would tear the two of them apart. Kate didn't mind as much as she let on, he knew. Rosalie was the ultimate girly girl and Emmett had shared more than one video of the two of them dancing around their living room wearing mint green face masks and freshly painted toe nails. For the joy she brought Kate, Edward loved Rosalie and respected her. Even if she did call him a dickwad every five minutes. Rushing out of the freezing shower, Edward quickly got dressed in a black suit that he hated and rushed the teen out the door. It still shocked him, how much she had come to mean about him. Edward had only loved one woman in his life and had managed to screw that up royally, so it had come as a surprise that he'd loved the young girl so quickly. "So am I going to Rosalie's tonight?" she asked as she rested her feet on the dashboard. Something he constantly reprimanded her for. He sighed; he wanted some quality time with her. Something he hadn't been able to have lately. "I'm going to try, hon," he answered honestly. When he'd agreed to have the young girl live with him, his mother had told him that this was a lot of responsibility. That she would need more than feeding and a place to sleep, she would need love and boundaries and support and if he couldn't do it she would for him. Tanya hadn't had any family and so it was Edward or quite possibly she'd end up in care. Elizabeth Masen would never have accepted that. So Edward had given his mother his word that Kate would come first. He had tried very hard to honor that promise and liked to think he had. Kate was the most important person in his life. It didn't matter whether he'd only known about her barely a year, she was his daughter and there wasn't anything he wouldn't do for her. "Get your goddamn feet down," he growled. Instead of being intimidated by a tone that made most felons piss themselves in fear, she laughed. Throwing back her mane of blond curls she giggled, "Wow, someone's grumpy this morning." "Maybe it was the half an hour waiting outside the bathroom," he suggested. "Or perhaps it was the ice cold shower I had to suffer through thanks to yours truly," he added. "Oh, Edward, cheer up," she laughed as she reached forward and cranked up the tunes. "Oh, I love this song!" she cheered before singing her heart out off key, her feet still on the damn dashboard. "So have you thought about the concert?" she asked. Edward wanted to cringe. With working so many hours lately and trying to spend as much time as he could with his daughter, he had forgotten all about it. Besides, it was always a sore subject with him, not that Kate knew why. "Sorry, Katie, I haven't had time to think about it. Let me think about it and then I'll let you know." Kate sighed in the seat beside me. "Edward, the concert will be sold out within a matter of hours. I have to know so I can give the money to Angie. Is this because boys are going to be there?" "Kate," Edward began. "I'm responsible, Edward, I should be able to go to a concert with my friends. And you know how much I want to go." "Kate," he snapped. "I said I'll think about it and that's the end of it. That's the end of it." Kate turned to glare at her father. "Oh, like you said you'd think about it before and then forgot? That gives me a lot of confidence that you'll remember this time. Just forget it," she huffed and turned to stare out the window. Edward wanted to tell her that she could go just because he felt like shit for forgetting about something important to her, but that would be backing down. He couldn't afford to let her walk all over him. The rest of the short journey was filled with heavy silence that both refused to break. After dropping off Kate outside school and promising to be home for dinner, to which she had replied 'Whatever', Edward, rushed off to work. He muttered to himself about horny teenage boys who were after his daughter. Yes, Kate had a boyfriend. His name was Eric Yorkie; he had jet black hair, bad skin and cleared a back ground check. Unfortunately. That didn't mean Edward had to trust or like the little bastard that was most likely trying to get into his daughters pants. Edward flinched; even the thought of it was enough to make his blood boil with rage. He may not have raised her but she was still his girl. It didn't take long to drive to the precinct after dropping off Kate at school. One of the perks was of enrolling in Kate in high school was that it was close the police station where Edward was based. That way if there was ever an emergency he was close by. Edward quickly made his way through the station, ignoring the blaring of ringing phones and his colleagues chatter. He was happy to get to his desk and get to work. Edward had been a Homicide Detective with the Nashville Police Department for six years