Warning: contains a lot of Jasper! I know some people don't like that so if you don't like, don't read! This is a Valentines gift for my good friend, the lovely and inspiring FortyFandoms. When I sent you that first PM, I honestly wasn't expecting for us to become such good friends. The Fates must have been involved. Happy Valentines day. February 1, 10:41 AM -Love=more than looks -Stop clichés -Don't flirt too much or over-celebrate -Surprise them -Relax Piper Mclean sighed and added -Have fun! to the list she was currently making. February was, not surprisingly because Valentines Day was a thing, the busiest time of the year for the Aphrodite kids— and particularly Piper, since she was head counselor. And it wasn't like she was going to let Drew handle any of it— gods forbid. Cabin Ten practically turned into a business during February. Their clients last year had included a distraught Travis Stoll asking how to show Katie Gardner that he liked her without making her hate him even more, and a befuddled Will Solace asking the best way to deliver a Valentines note to Nico di Angelo. So no, Drew wasn't going to handle any of it. If she did…Piper cut off that thought, not wanting to even think about that scenario. Piper dealt with most of the clients herself, but she did have a few advisors— Mitchell and Lacy were the best— that did some and helped her out with tricky cases. They were the ones that she could trust to actually act in the best interest of the client. Needless to say, Drew was not in that group. The charmspeaker sighed glanced around at all her half siblings. There were a lot of them, since their collective mother was the goddess of love, and, well, Aphrodite did love her men. Piper supposed you couldn't really blame her— she was the goddess of love, after all. Currently, they were all in Cabin Ten doing various things. Drew was doing her nails as usual, Lacy was rearranging the pillows on her bunk so that they looked "aesthetically pleasing" as she said, Mitchell was ironing bed sheets, Johnnie was testing the settings for indoor lighting on his camera, etc. And what was the head counselor doing on this particular morning? Well, I'm glad you asked. She was making a list. Why was she making a list, you might ask? Well, it was February 1st, which meant that the Valentines season was just kicking off. This was the charmspeaker's third Valentines as head Aphrodite camper, and boy, was it exhausting. But the list— well, she was getting ready to give her cabin the annual pep talk about the upcoming holiday, and what it really meant, and the dos and don'ts that she always insisted on. Her first year doing Valentines as counselor had been a bit of a disaster, as she had had no idea what to expect. Last year had gone pretty well (though she crashed for forty-eight hours straight afterwards) and this time, Piper was determined to do it right again. No more ten-year-old daughters of Tyche would be scarred for life this time, she was positive. Anyway, the list was just some bullet points of what she wanted to cover in the pep talk. Piper took a deep breath, stood up, and called out "Alright, everyone! Gather round!" Her siblings all came over and sat on the ground in front of her. Well, all of them except for Drew. She continued doing her nails, pretending that she hadn't heard. The head counselor waited sixty seconds to see if Drew would 'notice.' When she didn't, Piper called out again, this time using charmspeak, "Drew, sweetie? Did you hear me the first time?" Being a charmspeaker herself, Drew was harder to charmspeak than most people, but Piper was much, much more powerful. The 'Plastic Bag,' as Lacy said she was called at the mortal school that they both went to, looked up. "Yes," she said, sounding dazed. "I heard you." Piper nodded. "Are you a person?" "Yes." "Are you sitting in this cabin right now?" "Yes." "Then I think that 'everyone' includes you." "Yes." "So come over here." "Okay." Finally, Piper thought as Drew walked over and sat on the floor with the rest. Now, it was time for the "Valentines pep talk" as the cabin had dubbed it. "Alright, everyone. It's February First, and you all know what that means." Charlie, the youngest girl in the cabin at six years old, squeaked with her lisp "Falerdeenes dee!" A few people chuckled and awwwed. Piper allowed herself a smile before continuing. "Yes, Valentines day. Now, as Aphrodite campers, it is our duty to make this a good and fun holiday for all people. But we haven't always done a great job in the past of making people happy, so this year we're going make sure we do a good job. If any of you make someone cry…well, you'll be hearing from me." The counselor paused and looked each one of her siblings straight in the eye, showing clearly that she meant this threat. The Aphrodite campers shuffled uneasily under her gaze; Piper was quite intimidating; they all knew what she could do with Katoptris and the jagged sword that she'd acquired from Zethes the Boread. Not to mention the fiery light in her eyes that came from being one of the main players in a major war, and fighting for her life. Even though she made an effort to seem approachable, many of the younger kids at camp were afraid to look her in the eye. As she made eye contact with each and every one of the Aphrodite campers with that fire in her eyes, many people gulped and leaned back. "So here are my rules for a good Valentines. First— I know that I've said this many times, but I'll say it again— beauty is more than looks. Got a crush? Don't dress up too much for them. You can and should dress up a little, but just be who you are. If you capture their heart because you're wearing beautiful clothes and makeup, it's not love. Be who you are, and if they don't like that, well that sucks, but I think it's better to have no relationship than a fake one. If you're not in a relationship and you don't have a crush, again, be who you are and you never know, someone might notice you. If you're in a relationship, play to your strengths. Girls— I know for a fact that just a few very subtle little touches— wear their favorite color, highlight your eyes with makeup just a TINY bit, etc…just a little bit can make guys practically unable to form a complete sentence. Point is…" Piper continued with the pep talk. It was basically about not going overboard with the celebrations and flirting, and being original. Finally, she finished. All the Aphrodite campers went back to their normal activities— that is, they did after Mitchell burned himself on the clothes iron, which caused quite a bit of drama. But once that was over, Piper made her bed. After that, she had nothing else to do, and the rest of the campers were leaving for various activities such as arts and crafts and archery. But Piper didn't feel like going to the arena, and the only other things that she really enjoyed were canoeing and Ancient Greek, and there would be big groups doing those right now, so she didn't go. As she laid on her bunk and stared at the ceiling of the cabin, she wondered idly why she didn't want to go to the arena. After several minutes of deliberation, she figured it out. If she went, it was highly likely that she'd either get roped into helping out the new kids, or roped into sparring with one of the Seven— most likely Percy or Jason, who were exhausting to spar with and were much better than her anyway. No, Piper would go to the arena later in the day when there weren't as many people. But something else was bothering her, something that she'd tried to push away and ignore. Unfortunately, with Valentines Day approaching, she couldn't ignore it any longer. She had no idea what to do for Jason for Valentines. Piper gave a bitter laugh. Ironic, even with the rather long pep talk she'd given to her siblings earlier on this subject, she still had no idea what to do for her own boyfriend. As she was pondering the meaning of her miserable life, the door of Cabin Ten opened and in stepped Mitchell, one of Piper's half brothers. Piper nodded in greeting and went back to staring at the ceiling, thinking that Mitchell had simply forgotten something and come back to the cabin to retrieve it. So she was rather surprised when he sat down on her bed. Confused, Piper sat up. "What's up, Mitchell?" Mitchell hid a smirk. "I should be the one asking you that. I saw you looking a bit vexed this morning, and I thought…" Half an hour later, Mitchell left the cabin, and Piper smiled, now feeling considerably better about the coming Valentines. February 10, 10:37 AM Jason Grace was freaking out. Valentines day was approaching fast, and he wanted to do something really special for Piper— not just the usual cliche notes, something that she'd remember. But there was a problem. Most campers, when faced with this sort of issue, would go to the Aphrodite cabin for assistance. But Jason's girlfriend was the head counselor of Ten, and he knew that she usually talked to most of their "clients" personally, and he wanted to surprise her, so he had a real dilemma. Percy had found him in Cabin One last week, pacing the floor so much that he was likely to wear a hole in the floor, and practically pulling his hair out in frustration. The son of Poseidon had chuckled. "In a bit of a Valentines mare's nest, are you?" Jason had groaned dramatically and flopped down on his bed. "Yep, pretty much." "Look, man, I can't really relate to you in this, but here's my advice— try and talk to one of the other Aphrodite campers alone. I recommend Lacy or Riley. Unlike Drew, you can trust them. They'll listen and give you honest advice, and they won't go spilling anything to the entire camp." Percy had then exited the cabin, leaving the son of Jupiter to his gloomy thoughts. It had now been a week since that little exchange. He'd tried to take Percy's advice— really he had, but he couldn't seem to catch Riley or Lacy on their own. He was now lying on his bed, staring up at the ceiling of his cabin. Knock, knock. Jason almost jumped out of his purple SPQR t-shirt. "C-coming!" he called, fumbling around for his rectangular spectacles. When he opened the door, it took him a few seconds for his brain to register what he was seeing. Lacy, the eleven-year-old daughter of Aphrodite, was standing there with her arms crossed and a badly concealed smirk plastered all over her flushed face. The son of Jupiter was very confused. Why would Lacy want to visit him? Some of the younger kids occasionally came by asking for autographs, but Jason knew this particular girl wouldn't do that. She knew that none of the Seven liked being treated like great heroes, even if that's technically what they were, and she respected— "Well?" And here we are, back to the present. Jason was abruptly jerked out of his little ADHD world like a fish on a line when Lacy spoke. She was still trying to hide her huge smirk, and failing miserably. Jason wasn't sure why she was trying, surely she knew that it wasn't working. And he still wasn't any less confused as to why she was here. And then he