Disclaimer: All Characters belong to their original owners. Author's Note: I am Handicapped so please bare that in mind if my spelling is off. I use spell checker. Introduction Isabella Swan is a five thousand year old hybrid. She has seen civilizations fall and rise. Now she and her nine siblings are hunting in Forks when they meet the Cullen's and the Wolf Pack. With trouble chasing the siblings will the Cullen's and Pack stand with them? Chapter .1. Bella's POV I am Isabella Swan. I am five thousand years old. I am a hybrid. I am part vampire, part werewolf and part fae. I was born to my mother Renee who was part vampire and part fae and my father Charlie who was a werewolf. I have six siblings Lerida who is 4 years younger than me. I have a six year younger brother named Matthew, an eight year younger sister named Evelynn, two ten year younger twin sisters named Cassandra and Ashieldr, a twelve year younger sister named Terra, a thirteen younger sister named Pandora and her twin Caesar and little Sashandra. We have been through everything together. Our parents died from hunters. I was left to raise my siblings and to protect them at just 16. Lerida was 10. Matthew who was 8, Evelynn who was 6 at the time, Cassandra and Ashieldr who were 4, Terra was 2, Caesar and Pandora were 1 and Sashandra was just born when they died. We are very much like our parents. We have hard skin, speed, venom, powers and we need blood once a month from our vampire side. From our fae side we have our looks and grace. From our werewolf side we can change into wolves. I am gold and silver fur with white paws. Lerida is silver and black with gold paws. So we aren't identical. Matthew was black and brown with silver paws. Evelynn is all silver but her paws are reddish. Terra is blueish with black and silver paws. Cassandra is dark grey, black and reddish with silver paws she was the smallest of us and Ashieldr was silver, black and red with gold paws. Pandora was pearly white with silver paws. Sashandra was brown and silver and the youngest. Pandora, Terra, Ashieldr, Cassandra, Evelynn, Matthew, Lerida and I have traveled all around the world. We have made enemies and friends. Pandora, Terra, Ashieldr, Cassandra, Evelynn, Matthew, Lerida and I manly stay apart from everyone else unless we have too. We have mingled a few times. But we have never had a permeant home. We have just made it to a forest that was just far enough away from Seattle that nobody will see us. " I smell mountain lion", Lerida thinks " My favourite", I think, "Wait I smell bear" " My favourite", Lerida thinks " And mine", Cassandra thinks "I smell elk my favourite", Ashieldr thinks "I smell deer", Terra thinks "My favourite", Pandora thinks " Well I smell moose my favou rite", Matthew thinks "My favourite too", Sashandra says " I smell deer. My favourite", Evelynn says " Sometimes I wonder how we are siblings", I think rolling my eyes " I do too", Lerida says " Come on lets hunt we can rest after we hunt", I say " Meet you two back here in 20?" Matthew says " Deal", we say We head in different directions. I sniff the air the mountain lion was about 1 mile from me. I run silently paws rarely touching the dirt. I slow and sniff again. And see the male mountain lion. I silently approach. The mountain lion senses my presence and starts to run. I race after it. I love a good chance. I pounce on the mountain lion and snap its neck giving it a painless death. The blood fills my mouth. After so many centuries I have supreme control of my blood lust. I don't even notice human blood anymore. Once I finish I turn to head back east went a twig snaps. I turn around quickly and I don't see anything. Funny. Something wasn't right. I knew it so I needed to get back to my siblings as quick as possible. I break into a run. I call in my head for Sasha, Pandora, Terra, Lerida, Matthew, Evelynn, Ashieldr and Cassandra. " Leri, Matt, Evie, Cassie, Ash, Terra, Pan, Sasha! Be careful something is not right!" I shout in my thoughts I sense their alertness now. They could sense it too. I hear another twig snap. I push myself faster. Speeding through the forest. I sense my siblings coming. " Is it the Volturi?" Evie thinks looking around where we have stopped " I don't know. But don't hurt anyone. We are better than that", I say I sniff the air. I smell vampires and what's more werewolves. " Are they working together?" Matt asks preparing for a fight " Vampires and werewolves normally don't. We should know. But our Mum and Dad were the exception", I think " They were the exception for everything", Lerida says keeping an eye on the trees We hear more howls and growls. I am determined not to fight unless we have too. We don't kill anyone unless they try to kill us. We swore that to ourselves long ago. " Lerida look to the east, Matt the west, Evie and Terra the north and Ashieldr and Cassie take the south. Wait for my say if we have to kill them", I think They all listened to me. I am the oldest. I hope we don't have to fight. We are powerful more powerful than anyone else. But we hate violence and hate killing. The Volturi are after us they think we are a threat to their 'power'. We want nothing to do with power. We hear paws and footsteps coming from all around us. " They have us surrounded", Evie says slightly scared " Just stay calm. I will let nobody hurt my family. But we still have to give them a chance. This could be a misunderstanding", I think Then they come out of the trees growling at us. Matthew growls back. " Stop it", I think to him " But…", Matt thinks I give him a look and then turn to inspect who was threatening us. There was a big black wolf leading the werewolves. I immediately knew he was the alpha. In his mind he saw us as a threat. Something unnatural. Beast like. Well that is nice. Next to the Alpha was a brown wolf with dark grey around the eyes. I immediately pick him as the beta. On the other side of the Alpha was a wolf with dark-silver fur. He was growling loudly at us. I knew then that one had a temper. I told my siblings to watch out for him. The next wolf my eyes land on. He had grey fur with black spots. And his nose was dark grey. He was looking at us calculating what we would do. Next was a russet brown wolf. He had the air of command about him. But he was not the Alpha. Hmm interesting. Next was a chocolate brown wolf. His fur was lighter colour around his face. I got the impression he didn't want to fight. I more on to the next he – I mean she had light grey fur. She was smaller than the others. She was growling at us. She had a temper too. I could feel her bitterness in her mind. So she doesn't like what she is. She should try being a hybrid. There was another female she was black and red and was slightly bigger then the other female. I move on to the sandy coloured wolf next to her. His mind just radiated innocence and kindness he didn't want to attack us. The next two were clearing the youngest and the newest of these werewolves one was dark ashy-brown fur and the other had reddish-brown fur. I move onto the vampires. The first I see was a male with blonde hair, he was 6,2. He had golden eyes which was good. He looked slightly familiar. I sniffed and his scent reminded me of a human boy in London in the 1640's. Could this be him? I shake my head and move on to the woman standing next to him. She was 5,6 with caramel hair. She had a motherly feel about her. She also looked familiar. I must be going crazy. I move on to the big one who looked like he was itching for a fight he was 6,5 with dark brown hair. Something told me he was a child at heart. I look at him closely and he was familiar too. I turn to the blonde female. I sensed she was deeply hurt and didn't like what she was. Next was a man covered in scars. We could see the scars as clear as day. And the only time my siblings and I saw this was vampires who fight in the war down south. I look at him and feel a tingle in my body. He gave me a power. Mmm. Empathy what a unique gift for one that fought in war. Next was a black spikey haired girl. She was looking at us worriedly in her crouch. Another tingle goes through me. I get another power. Uh seer. This coven of vampires is different. Lastly I come to a bronze hair. He was gorgeous. His eyes melted into mine. It was like seeing the sun for the first time. It can't be. Did I just imprint? But the feeling I was feeling were more when I realize they weren't coming from me they were coming from the mental link with my siblings. " You all imprinted?" I ask still not taking my eyes of anyone " Yes what do we do?" Evelynn says looking at the young sandy wolf who was confused and shocked. " We can't hurt them", Lerida says looking at russet brown wolf who was looking at her in wonder and shock. " I agree. This is imprinting. We have to talk to them", Cassie says looking at the wolf that was calculating us "Definabley", Ashieldr says looking at her wolf "My imprint is cute", Terra says looking at the wolf "So is mine", Pandora thinks "I wonder what my beauty name is?" Cesar thinks " So what do we do? It is unlikely they will let us explain", Matt says looking at the female grey wolf who was looking at him with shock "Carlisle. Rachael, Embry, Leah, Seth, Jacob, Quil, Brady and Colin have imprinted", my bronze hair god says "Who are you all?" the one named Carlisle asks "Do you mean us harm?" the scared one asks " We are going to have to change to our vampire form. It is no good like this with a one sided conversation", I think to my siblings We all didn't like being exposed in our vampire form. We rarely went into it. " Do we have too?" Lerida asks " Unless we want a fight. Mmm. Everyone send feelings that we aren't going to hurt them to the scared one. We will try that first", I think We all think thoughts and feelings that we mean no harm. The scared one looks confused reading our emotions. " Damn. Ok everyone change. If they attack I will have my physical shield up will we transform", I say They nod and we think human. With that we change in front of the coven of vampires and wolf pack into our vampire forms earning gasps from all of them. Well this is going to be fun… Edward's POV Another boring day. Emmett and Jasper are fighting. Rose is fixing her car. Esme is in the garden and Carlisle in his study. That is when we all here Alice gasp. We were all at her side