Disclaimer: All Characters belong to their original owners. Author's Note: I am Handicapped so please bare that in mind if my spelling is off. I use spell checker Author's Note 2: Happy Easter everyone! This Story is dedicated to my Nan. Judy Mary Smart. Who has passed away peacefully after months of suffering. Rest in Peace Nan and be with the ones you love. You will always be remembered NEVER forgotten. May you watch over us and protect us. We love you good luck on your next life. Introduction Bella, Leah, Seth leave La Push after a big fight. They run into the Royal Upaka Tribe of shifting faster and better wolves. In there they find their true selves and a bond, trust, strength, love, soul, spirit for life. 10 years later someone is taking people from Seattle, Port Angeles, Forks and La Push can the Royal Upaka tribe save them all? Prologue "I thought you loved me", Jacob shouts "Jake I never loved you", Bella says as the pack gather around them "It's all about the leech that left right?" Jake snarls "I don't think I love him either", Bella says honestly "You're a whore, a slut and you sold out", Jake snarls Bella couldn't believe this was happening and the wolves where just listening to it. "Back off Black", Leah says coming to defence of her step-sister "Cool down Jacob", Seth says "Jacob get away from Bella", Leah says looking at his trembling getting worse But it was too late. He phased his paw connecting with Bella's face. Jacob growls over her form which was on the ground now. Bella was holding her cheek like it had been burned. "Leave Bella this is your own fault", Sam says coolly "We ARE leaving. We don't belong to this pack anymore. Have fun with your pack of spoiled brats", Leah sneers pressing a towel to Bella's face and Seth helping them up. It looked like Bella's leg was now broken too. "You will leave your Brothers?" Sam asks "Yes", Leah says "I order you to stay", Sam says in the alpha timber "We ARE leaving", Leah says leaving the wolves stunned at how she ignored the alpha timber in his voice Once in the car on the way to the hospital Bella turns painfully to her friend. "Why did you do that?" Bella asks "I have had a feeling to leave for a long time. I want to be with my sister and brother so I waited", Leah says "I have also felt a pull to leave", Bella says "Me too", Seth says "I guess you are stuck with us Bella", Leah says laughing "I won't have it any other way", Bella replies as they pull up to the hospital Leah stops the car and helps Bella out supporting her on one side and Seth on the other. They help her into the emergency room. Doctors rush to her side seeing her face they immediately take her in. It was 6 hours later till Bella was allowed to go. She had a broken leg and it was in a walking cast. She had 150 stitches in her face and neck. They had patches over it so it wouldn't get infected and gave her pain and antibiotics, very strong ones. "Where do we go?" Seth asks as he and Leah help Bella into the car "We withdraw are money and move. We need to leave a note for our parents", Bella says leaning back heavily on the head rest "When you were in the hospital I got us new phones. Don't want anyone with money finding us", Leah adds "But the pack doesn't have much money", Seth says " Other people do", Bella says agreeing with Leah Leah pulls up at the Swan/Clearwater house. They knew Sue and Charlie were away for a 2 weeks so this would be easy. Bella unlocks the door they walk in and turn on the light. "Bella sit down and rest we will pack. You can write the note to our parents and switch and set up our mobiles. We will pack anything that will fit in the car", Leah says "Make sure you get my iPod and Camera", Bella says sitting down, "And all clothing given by the imprints need to go in a garbage bag and donated for all I care" "We will get on that here are three new iPhone 5g 130GB. Set up our numbers to each other then leave only one for our parents just in case", Leah says handing over the three iPhones "Go pack. I will be fine", Bella says sitting back and opening the first box "Here is a piece of paper and pen. Just tell us when you want us to write and we will spare a minute", Leah says going up the stairs with Seth Bella quickly sets up all three iPhones putting the numbers in each as well as the home number, clinic and police station number for Forks. She then takes the pen and starts writing her goodbye. (B ella, Leah , Seth) Dear Dad and Sue Charlie and Mum Dad we are leaving there was a big fight in La Push today I ended up getting hurt real bad. Leah, Seth and I decided it was time to move on. We have too many bad memories here. I am 21 and it is time for me to let my wings fly away from Forks. I am sorry for not saying goodbye in person but there is very little time and we must be out of the Forks area pretty soon. I can't tell you where we are going to end up or that you can contact us on a regular base. But we will check in every now and then. I love you very much Dad. I will miss you a lot. But we both know it is time. Sue look after my Dad he is going to need you. Mum I am sorry that I am leaving La Push and the Pack but it is time. You know I wasn't happy here. I have been feeling a pull to leave for a while. And now is my chance. I hope we can see each other again. I am 22 and I am free to leave. Sam can't do nothing to stop me. I broke away from the Pack and you tell the ELDERS that. Maybe that will shock some sense into them. Tell them I am NOT going back to the Pack no matter what. It is time for me to see he world and find MY other half. Who knows I might actually find someone. About today Black phased too close to Bella. She was hurt bad her leg was broken and gashes in the face and the neck. She got a lot of stitches. It is WORSE then Emily's scars and they haven't healed yet. If I stay I might just kill someone namely Black or Uley for hurting Bella, or Uley not stopping him. They stood there and watched her get hurt. They didn't do nothing. That is one of the many reasons we are leaving. Charlie look after Mum. I know you two love each other. Don't stop being together now we have gone. Love you both. I think my sisters have told you all what is happening. Don't worry Mum I will finish school where ever I go. I will do you proud. I promise. I will look after my two older sisters. Something tells me they will look after me more. Love you Mum. You too Charlie. Take care of yourselves. Sue make sure he eats healthy. Don't go after the wolves they would only heal anyway. But maybe you can scare them with your shot gun. I agree! Shot their asses! Leah's number is XXXXXXXXXXXX Bye for now Love Bella, Leah , Seth "I think that will do it", Bella says as Seth signs his name "Where do we put it?" Seth asks "On the kitchen table. Is everything in the car?" Bella asks handing the letter to Leah who puts it on the table where they can find it, "Here are you iPhones I fixed all of them" They put their phones in their pockets. "Bella lets change your top it is covered in blood. Then we can leave", Leah says helping Bella up and up the stairs to help her change Leah helps Bella get her top off without touching her bad neck and face. And puts a shirt on her so it didn't have to go over her head or lean on her neck. "I guess it is time to go", Bella says as Leah and her were back standing at he doorway to the living room having one last look around "Lets go before anyone shows up", Leah says helping Bella out the door while Seth locked the door Leah and Seth help Bella into the front and Bella could see some stuff packed in boxes in one of the back seats. "Here is a blanket Bella. Good for you to keep warm", Seth says handing her two thick blankets and a pillow to lean her head on "Thanks Seth", Bella says as Seth helps her settle in as Leah loads the last box into the boot "Port Angeles first?" Leah asks stepping into the car in the drives seat "Yep we withdraw all our money", Bella says as Seth climbs into the back Leah starts the car they all looked on last time at the house and Leah drives off. They pass the sign to Forks and one tear escapes Bella's eye. She knew she was going to break her fathers heart again. But it had to be done. They arrive in Port Angeles half hour later. "Give me your script. I will fill it. Seth you donate the clothes and get some take away drinks and food. And I will also withdraw all our money. Bella stay here this will only take a second. I will lock the car", Leah says, "What is your pin number?" "My pin is xxxx", Bella says, "Withdraw all of it even my collage fund. We will need the money" "Will do", Leah says getting out with Seth Bella leans back and watches Seth and Leah. She thought about her life changing by the minute. She was happy to have just left Forks but sad at the same time. She pulls the blankets tight and half an hour later Leah and Seth were back. Leah but two bottles of water into the front cup holder and on in the back holder. She lifts a heavy bag into the back to Seth who had just got in. "Can you count that Seth? That is all our money", Leah says "Sure", Seth says "Bella take these pain killers before we get on the road", Leah says handing her two painkillers Bella quickly takes the two then relaxes in the chair. "Where are we going?" Leah asks "I looked at a map and Silverthorne, Colorado sounds like a good place. I looked it up it is right in the middle of a forest so you can both phase when you please", Bella replies "So Silverthorne?" Seth asks "Silverthorne", Leah says driving out of Port Angeles, "How much money do we have Seth?" "$9,000 dollars with all our money together", Seth says "We will be able to get an apartment", Bella says "I will look it up and see how long it is going to take us", Leah says taping the GPS, "It will take 25 hours but with breaks about 30. We need to go through Wyoming, Utah, Idaho, and Oregon to get to Silverthorne. So rest Bella I will wake you up in 6 hours for your pain killers and antibiotics" Bella nods and closes her eyes and falls into a painkiller induced sleep. 30 hours later... "We are nearly there I can see the