Disclaimer: All Character's belong to Stephanie Meyer. Christmas Wish It is a snowy cold day in late December in Ithaca, New York. A young woman walked out of Ithaca Regional Airport with a look of determination and sadness on her face. She was carrying just a overnight bag. "Can I help you miss?" the taxi driver asks "Can you please take me too Cornell University?" the woman asks "Sure miss", the taxi driver replies The taxi quickly takes off and the woman leans back lets herself rest for a few minutes. It has been a real roller coaster getting here and it was sure to be a real roller coaster ahead. The woman had to keep reminding herself she was doing this for her best friend. The best friend who really needed help right now. And has been begging for her family to come and save her. No matter what they did she has forgiven them. The woman closed her eyes it was her job to make sure her best friend got the Christmas wish she so rightfully deserved. "We are here miss", the taxi driver says "Thank you. Can you wait right here? I have another destination", the woman says, "Of course I'll pay you double" The taxi driver smiles, "Of course miss. Take your time" The woman quickly exits the taxi and makes her way into the office that is still open even though Christmas was mere days away. "How can I help you miss?" the office clerk asks "I'm looking for one of your professors his name is Doctor Carlisle Cullen he does work here doesn't he?" the woman asks "Yes he does. But it is the holidays. So he is not here", the clerk replies "I need a address for Doctor Cullen", the woman says "I'm sorry but we can't give out addresses", the clerk says "Please it is an emergency. Please call him. Tell him his daughter needs him. Tell him its life or death. Tell him a friend of his daughter is here begging to see him for help", the young woman begs desperately The clerk moved by the young woman's plea quickly go's onto the computer and looks up his number. "I'll give him a call for you now and see if he wants to see you", the clerk says kindly "Thank you so much", the woman says The clerk quickly finds the number and picks up the phone and dials. "Hello?" a velvet voice answers "I'm sorry to bother you Doctor Cullen", the clerk says "No trouble at all. What is the problem?" Carlisle asks "I have a young woman here saying that she is a friend of your daughters and that she is here to beg you for help. Apparently your daughter needs you and that it is a matter of life and death. She wanted your address but I couldn't give it to her without your permission", the clerk says There is shocked silence pause. "Who?" Carlisle says quietly fearing the worst since he heard the word daughter. "Who miss?" the clerk asks the young woman "Forks", the woman whisperers quietly not saying a name but a place, so quietly the clerk could barely hear. "She said 'Forks' do you know what that means?" the clerk asks confused "It can't be", Carlisle whisperers in disbelief not wanting to believe "Tell him the words 'London' 'Chicago' 'Columbus' 'Rochester' 'Tennessee' 'Mississippi' ''Texas' 'good' 'vegetation' 'soul' 'paper cut' 'James' 'blood' 'baseball' 'pixie' 'teddy bear' and 'eternity'", the woman whisperers the last word The clerk quickly repeats the word and she hears a gasp. Then there is shocked silence. The silence stretches out for minutes. "Hello? Dr Cullen. Are you still there?" the clerk asks "Yes. I'm still here. Please give the young woman my address. Please tell her we'll see her soon", Carlisle manages to choke out "Of course Dr Cullen. Merry Christmas", the clerk says "I hope it will be", he whisperers hanging up The clerk quickly goes to the computer and writes out the address. "Here you go miss. Happy holidays to you", the clerk says hanging the young woman a bit of paper "Happy holidays to you", the woman replies softly quickly hiding her look of pain. The woman quick exists the office and she let's a single tear fall. She thought of her best friend and quickly straightens up and wiped the tear away. She was here on a mission and she was going to complete it if it was the last thing she does… Earlier Cullen House… Things had never been the same for the Cullen's since they left Bella three months ago. Emmett never laughed, Rosalie never worked on cars, Jasper didn't read, Alice didn't shop, Esme cleaned all day, Carlisle buried himself in his work and Edward locked himself in his room not hunting and not talking to everyone. Everyone kept thinking about how they left their daughter, sister and love behind. They could only live with their self's repeating the words she's safer without us. No one could predict how the next few hours and days would change their lives forever. Carlisle was sitting down head in his hands thinking about how to put the family back together again when his phone went off. Thinking that it was the hospital he quickly composes himself and answers the phone. "Hello", he says "I'm sorry to bother you Doctor Cullen", the clerk says Carlisle quickly recognizes the voice from the university. "No trouble at all. What is the problem?" Carlisle asks trying to take his mind of his problems. "I have a young woman here saying that she is a friend of your daughters and that she is here to beg you for help. Apparently your daughter needs you and that it is a matter of life and death. She wanted your address but I couldn't give it to her without your permission", the clerk says My daughter. All of his daughters where here besides one. But it can't be her they left her safe in Forks. This has to be some kind of joke. Some sick joke. Please let this be some kind of sick joke. "Who?" Carlisle says quietly He hears the clerk ask the woman but doesn't here the reply. "She said 'Forks' do you know what that means?" the clerk asks confused At the mention of the word Forks everyone is in the living room including Edward. No, no this can't be happening. It is not possible. "It can't be", Carlisle whisperers in disbelief not wanting to believe "She said to tell you the words 'London' 'Chicago' 'Columbus' 'Rochester' 'Tennessee' 'Mississippi' ''Texas' 'good' 'vegetation' 'soul' 'paper cut' 'James' 'blood' 'baseball' 'pixie' 'teddy bear' and 'eternity'", the clerk says confused again. "No", everyone whisperers Those words would mean nothing to an outsider. But they did mean things to all of the Cullen's. And only one person outside the family knew everything about them and who had been it their world themselves. The feeling of dread comes over everyone as they remembered the start of the call. "Hello? Dr Cullen. Are you still there?" the clerk asks "Yes. I'm still here. Please give the young woman my address. Please tell her we'll see her soon", Carlisle chokes out "Of course Dr Cullen. Merry Christmas", the clerk says "I hope it will be", he whisperers hanging up He puts down the phone and looks at everyone. "It can't be. Carlisle. We left her to keep her safe", Edward whisperers his face pained "Edward we don't know anything yet. We don't even know who this person is", Carlisle says "But what about the words Carlisle. No one other then her has ever been in our world or knows everything about us. She is the only one who knows about James and the paper cut", Alice says "We are just going to have to wait and see. There is no point jumping to conclusions. Let's wait to see who this person is. This could all be some sick joke", Carlisle says As the words left his mouth even he didn't believe them. The evidence that this person was coming with terrible news of their precious Bella was overwhelming. Everyone didn't move from the living room for the next half hour as they all waiting for the person they thought was going to bring them terrible news. Finally they hear a car pulling up in front of the house. And a car door slamming and a woman's voice saying thank you. As soon as they heat the taxi pull away they hear a voice call out. "Carlisle, Esme, Rosalie, Emmett, Jasper, Alice, Edward", the voice sounding very familiar Everyone could hear the sadness, tiredness and determination. They all quickly go outside and gasp at the woman in front of them. "Angela? What are you doing here?" Alice asks The woman Angela looks at Alice and they could all see how tired she was. She had bags under her eyes and they held so much sadness. "It's good to see you to Alice. But I wish it was under better circumstances", Angela says smiling slightly Angela knew by now they were all dreading what she had to say. And this was going to be very hard on her and them. She knew that they never stopped loving her best friend. Now it was there time to prove it. "Do you think we could take this conversation inside?" Angela asks "Of course my dear you must by freezing", Carlisle says quickly guiding her in. They walk through the living room and into the dinning room. Everyone quickly takes their seats besides Esme. "Can I get you anything to eat or drink dear?" Esme asks "Just a glass of water please. I had a long flight", Angela says moving to the head of the table. Esme quickly dashes out and is back in minutes with a glass of water. "Thank you", Angela says quietly taking a sip They all look at her waiting for her to start taking. "I'm sure you all are wonder why I am here", Angela says looking at everyone Everyone quickly nods their heads not finding words to ask her why she is here. "First I must tell that due to unexpected circumstances I now know about vampires", Angela says They all gasp. "How?" Edward stutterers "Why aren't you scared?" Jasper asks feeling her emotions "To answer your question Jasper I'm not scared of you because I know you are all good people. As to how I found out well it was a couple of days after you all left. I was down at first beach with some of my friends and we run into some of the La Push boys. That was where I met Jacob. Jacob Black", Angela says looking at Edward "Bella's friend", Edward whisperers "Yes. What you may not know is that the La Push boys are actually werewolves. Jacob imprinted on me. Imprinting is how the werewolves find their soul mates. Jacob told me everything as soon as he told me about your family I drove straight to Bella's house. One thing you must know is that when you all left you all completely destroyed Bella. Her heart was shattered. Her eyes hold no light. She came to school but she wasn't really there. She would sit at your table and stare out of the window. She wouldn't talk to anyone", Angela says Everyone would be crying if they could. They had never wanted to do this to Bella. Never. Never in a million years. Angela looked at Edward and could tell he was trying to get information out of her head. But was confused when he couldn't. "Edward the things I have to tell you are better left for me to tell you then for you to see in my mind", Angela says They all look at her shocked again. "You know about my power", Edward states "Yes. Bella told me. Of