Disclaimer: All Characters belong to their original owners. Author's Note: I am Handicapped so please bare that in mind if my spelling is off. I use spell checker Author's Note 2: NOT a Bella/Edward Story This Story is dedicated to my boyfriend. Thank you for always being there for me. This story is for you:) Introduction Edward left in New Moon. Leaving Bella pregnant with Quintuplets. Now 120 years later she is a vampire and married with her one true love and has also Nonuplets. What happens when the Cullen's cross paths with Bella's new coven? Prologue: Part 1 It had been 3 months since Edward left. Now she was taking a pregnancy test. She had a small baby bump but she still did the test. Bella counted 3 minutes then turned the stick over. It said POSITIVE. Bella couldn't believe it she was having a baby with a man she didn't really love anymore. She was glad he was gone. But now she was having his baby. She wasn't going to get rid of it. She didn't have the heart too. She would love it too the end. That's when she hears someone knocking at the front door. She walks down carefully and opens the door to find Angela tears in her eyes. "Who is it Bells?" Charlie asks "Angela, Dad", Bella replies to him Angela looked bad. Bella knew she had to find out what was wrong. "Ange what is wrong?" Bella asks "Can I come in?" Angela asks "Of course. Let's talk", Bella says leading her in to her bedroom, "What's wrong?" "Ben came to see me", Angela says Ben had disappeared 2 and a half months ago. "We were intermit. He has changed a lot. He is hard and cold. I trust him but he scares me a bit and there is a whole in my heart when he is not with me", Angela says Bella's eyes widen. It sounded like he was a vampire. "What else happened?" Bella asks "Well he got a call from someone. He had changed his number. He gave me it", Angela replies "Can I have it?" Bella asks "Why?" Angela asks "We need to talk", Bella says shortly "His number is xxxxxxxxxx", Angela says Bella puts the number in and waits for Ben to answer. "Ange?" he asks "No it is Bella. We need to talk meet me at the…", Bella was interrupted by a gun shot "Bella what is it I just heard a gunshot", Ben asks frantically "I don't know. Angela and I are in my room. The door is locked. Charlie is downstairs. Can you come? I know what you are. Please help us", Bella says making sure her bedroom door was locked tight "I will be there in 2 minutes. Hold on", Ben says hanging up "What's going on?" Angela asks fear in her eyes "I will tell you. But not now. We have bigger problems", Bella says nervously wondering if Charlie was ok She didn't want to risk her baby to see if her father was alright. She just had to have faith that Ben would get here soon. She heard the back door slam open and a growl. A vampire growl then a thud. "Angie, Bella it is safe", Ben says from the other side of Bella's door Bella unlocks the door not surprised but his red eyes. "Charlie?" Bella asks "He has been shot. It doesn't look good. He is breathing but where he was hit I don't think he will survive. The guy who shot him is dead. I killed him. The others I am with are with me", Ben says Bella quickly goes down the stairs. "Daddy", Bella says kneeling down beside him there was a lot of blood A vampire woman was next to Charlie as well. "Bells", Charlie rasps "It is going to be ok Dad", Bella says "I need to change him. He is my mate. I can feel it. You know about us child?" the woman asks "I do. I am pregnant with a vampire's baby. It seems to be a normal pregnancy. Change my Dad. I can't loss him", Bella says "Change him Kirsteen", an older woman says, "He is my son" "Mum?" Charlie asks "Yes dear. Don't worry we will look after all of you. Your father is on a hunt but he will look after you too", Helen Swan says kneeling down next to Bella and putting an arm around her in support "Charlie this will hurt but you will be able to stay with your daughter and mother", the vampire Kirsteen says "Do it. I can't leave them", Charlie rasps Kirsteen nods and bites Charlie's neck pushing venom into his body she also does his wrists and ankles. Charlie stiffens but doesn't make a sound besides a gasp at the start. "He is changing", Helen Swan says listening to the venom reach his heart "What is going on?" Angela asked frightened behind Ben who was watching "They are vampires", Bella says softly, "They just changed my Dad into one. It will take three days" "You know he can't stay here anymore", a male vampire says "I know. But I am going with him. I don't know what my pregnancy will turn out like. So I know we will have to fake my Dad's and mines death", Bella says resolved to the fact that her father was changing. "Angie will you come with us? You're my mate and vampires mate for life. Please trust me", Ben begs "They can be trusted Ange. And he is right Vampires mate for life. They don't leave each other. They physically can't", Bella says the truth getting up Angela looks in Ben's eyes and could see the love in them. "Ok. How do we fake our deaths?" Angela asks softly "Let us handle that", another man says "You will come with us. We will have to run. Ben will carry you, Kirsteen carry Charlie, Faith you carry Bella. We best set this house on fire", Helen Swan says "Can I just grab a couple of things?" Bella asks "Sure. I will come with you", Helen says wrapping an arm around Bella as they walk up the stairs, "I remember this house like it was yesterday" "You're really my Grandma? How did you become a vampire?" Bella asks as she grabs a few things and puts them into a bag "I will tell you later. But yes I am your Grandmother. My sweet granddaughter I have been watching over you. So has your grandfather. We are so proud of you. We know what that young Cullen did. We will support you with the baby. And when it is time for you to be turned at any age we will support your decision", Helen replies "Thank you. I got what I need", Bella says one last look at her room "Ok let's go", Helen says going back done the stairs with Bella "Ready?" Kirsteen asks anxiously looking over Charlie "Ready let's move the boys can handle this", Helen says taking Bella's bag "May I carry you? I am Faith", Faith says "Bella. You can just be careful I am pregnant", Bella says "I will promise", Faith says gently picking Bella up Everyone takes off out the back door running fast. In a couple of hours they arrive at a house in the woods. "Where are we?" Bella asks as Faith puts her down "Canada this is our seclusion house. There are plenty of animals here for us to hunt", Helen says hearing Bella Angela looked a bit sick from the running Ben was holding her steady. "Let's get Angela and Bella inside were it is warm. Don't want them to get a chill", Helen says "I will turn on the heaters", Faith says as they go in The house was 4 stories and beautifully decorated and furnished. "Bella I will show you to your room. We will go shopping tomorrow", Helen says guiding Bella up the stairs "This is a nice house Grandma", Bella says "Thank you sweetheart. All rooms have king size beds so you will be comfortable and a bathroom each. Just in case we had humans here. This will be your room", Helen says opening a door The room was purple and gold it was beautiful. "This is so beautiful", Bella says, "Thank you Grandma" "You're welcome dear. I will have Faith go shopping for food for you and Angela. We can talk later", Helen says Bella puts her stuff in her room. And freshens up. Then goes downstairs where Angela was looking at Ben and Helen wirily. Ben was trying to calm her. "Ange everything is fine they are safe. They have gold eyes", Bella says gently "What does Gold eyes mean?" Angela asks "It means they feed of animals instead of humans. They are called vegetarians", Bella says "What about Ben? His eyes are red", Angela says "He is a newborn vampire. His eyes will eventfully turn gold", Bella replies That's when the door opens and an old vampire male comes in. "What happened Helen?" he asks as she kisses him "Our son was shot. He is changing now. It appears Kirsteen is his mate. The human next to Ben is his mate Angela and you already know our granddaughter Bella", Helen says "Come here sweetheart I have waited to have my granddaughter in my arms too long", the vampire says Bella gets up and goes into his arms he looked just like her father. "It will be alright precious", her grandfather says kissing her head "Thank you. Sorry about the crying hormones", Bella says pulling back "It's fine. Let's sit down sweetheart. The family is approaching", he says leading her back to the couch and siting her in between himself and his mate Faith comes in with lots of food. "I hope you like what I got. Sarah has more", Faith says The other female vampire comes in she had black hair and gold eyes. "Put the food away. We have to explain for our new family members", Helen says "Yes Grandma", Faith says going with the other female to what Bella expected to be the kitchen The boys come in as the girls sit down. "It is done", one says going over to Faith and pulling her into his lap "Was it difficult?" Helen asks "No Grandma it wasn't. And no one saw us", the other male says going over and pulling the black haired vampire into his arms "Introduce yourself to our new family members. Bella you and your friend want to go first?" Helen asks gently "I am Isabella Marie Swan. Please call me Bella", Bella says "I am Angela Susan Weber. I know nothing of this world that Bella knows", Angela says nervously "Now it is our turn. I am Helen Lillian Swan. Charlie's mother and Bella's grandmother", Helen says "I am Geoffrey Charles Swan. Charlie's father and Bella's grandfather. Helen is my mate", Geoffrey says "I am Ben Samuel Cheney", Ben says "I am Everett Nixon", Everett says Everett had blonde hair and gold eyes. "I am his mate Faith", Faith says smiling gently at the two "I am Flynn Nixon", Flynn says Flynn had brown hair and gold eyes. "I am his mate Sarah", the black haired female vampire says "Nice to meet you. Do you mind answering some of our questions?" Bella asks "We don't mind. But maybe we should wait for Charlie to wake up so we don't have to repeat ourselves", Geoffrey suggests "I will call Charity and Damion to come, Christopher is out of touch at the moment", Helen says going to the phone "Are you hungry Bella, Angela?" Faith asks kindly "Yes I am", Bella says "I am too", Angela says "I will go and make you something", Faith says going into the kitchen with her mate Everett "I got Charity she and Damion will be here in a couple of days. They