Author's Note: Hey everyone I'm back with the continuation of this story "The Cure" . Out of pure curiosity I read through my old stories and was inspired by all of them. I logged onto my email that contained the notifications from this site and decided the last comment I recently received would be the story I come back to continue and this one won. Special Thanks to SassYNoleS , you were the last reviewer. Chapter 1 - 3 Months, 3 Days, 3 Hours and Counting "Ugh, oh gosh Bella. You're so beautiful, you feel so good," Jacob moaned as he pumped in and out of me. He clearly was enjoying himself. I, on the other hand not as much. "Fuck!" He yelled as he spilled his seed into the condom and pulled out of me. I immediately rolled over not facing him. He got up and I could hear the elastic of his boxers snap on his hip after pulled them up. I continued to lay there in my bed, naked and aching for release. It's been 3 months, 3 months since I've last had an orgasm. I don't know what to do anymore. I try, I really do but nothing happens. Just as the feeling begins to build and build my body tightening and nerves tinging in anticipation and then nothing. It's the most frustrating thing ever. I almost don't even want to bother any more. Jacob and I use to have a healthy sex life. A very healthy one. Jacob flushed the toilet and joined me back on the bed. He placed his arm around me. "I have to meet with the guys tonight," he said placing a small kiss on my shoulder blade. "Ok," I whispered, intertwining our fingers and kissing the back of his hand. I don't bother asking anymore. I've learned to accept the secrecy of the tribal counsel. "Are you still coming to my graduation, right?" "I don't know baby, I'm trying." He untangles our fingers, rolls over to his back and sighs. I was getting use to that as well. Jacob constantly being unavailable often last minute. He got up and started to get dressed. I turned over to look at him. He smiled that 1000 watt daylight in the summertime smile. But lately it hasn't been warming me up anymore. "If I'm not there, I'll make it up to you." Ignoring him, I wonder which came first the loss of my orgasms, or the loss of the warmth. Jacob kissed my forehead before walking out my room, downstairs and out the door. I didn't get up until I heard his car start. I made my way over to the shower, and turned the cold-water nob on full blast. Gently, I slid into the spray of the shower slowly letting my body adjust to the temperature. It didn't take long another thing I've gotten used to. I was no stranger to a cold shower these last couple of months. I stuck my head underneath the stream of water and ran my fingers through my scalp, and over my neck, down to cup my breast, then trailing over my stomach before stopping. I never bothered to touch myself anymore because even that didn't work. Why it is that I can't relax and let myself go with Jacob anymore. It wasn't my relationship that was broken it was me. Charlie knocked on the bathroom door to let me know he was home. He always does this every day. I never understood his reasoning for it. Until, someone broke into my neighbor's home in the on campus apartments. My neighbor thought it was her roommate at first, thank goodness her scream scared off the would be burglar. I turned off the water and grabbed my towel to dry off. I didn't need to get sick just days away from my graduation. I walked out of the bathroom and immediately was engulfed by the smell of pasta, well tomato sauce to be exact. Charlie was a decent cook, although he didn't cook a lot of things other than fish. He became better after we started having our father daughter Sunday dinners, where we both helped each other in the kitchen. Our relationship had strengthen because of it. We're not that much different and it was amazing to see the different characteristics I possessed that were similar to his without being taught. I missed the last step of the stairs and caught myself with a thud. "Smells good in here Dad, what are you making?" "Lasagna," he replied eyes crinkling as he smiled at me, we both didn't mention me almost falling. "I wanted to make something special as a congratulations for getting the internship." He walked over to me and grabbed me into a huge hug, not letting his awkwardness get in the way of his beaming pride. "You are going to blow them away with your brilliance." He said after squeezing me and letting go. My sour mood mostly forgotten as I watched my Dad set the table. There was pan of lasagna, garlic bread, and a small store brought cake. "This is too much, Dad. Thank you, so much." "Nonsense!" He grinned, "I would have invited Billy and Jake, but I thought we should just celebrate just the two of us, I'm sure you and Jake have plans later." I just smiled at him hoping he wouldn't read just how fake it is. I knew I could always count on my dad to be there for me. I sent everyone a group text when I got the call that they'd want me for the internship earlier today. Jacob hadn't mentioned it, not even a single acknowledgment. I try to understand how busy he is. Jacob's an police officer in La Push they opened up a brand new station there when I was a senior in high school, well it's not a new station just their old recreational building. I have never thought Jacob would be into law enforcement. Even when the station opened up he didn't seem that much interested. But a year and a half ago he suddenly changed, and it became his duty to protect his people and land. Things started to get worst from there, he was a lot angrier than normal. He often got so angry I could swear I saw his body vibrating with the emotion. He use to make fun of the La Push officers calling them LPPD, and lifeguards because of their weird clothing, or lack of clothing choices while on duty. Everything was weird about them, they didn't wear uniforms because everyone knew who they were. Instead, majority of the time they walked around in nothing but board shorts. No shirt. No shoes. "Bella?" Charlie called interrupting my train of thought. "Set this on the table for me," he handed me the pan of lasagna. "Where'd you do there?" I set the pan on the table. "Nowhere specific, this really does smell good, Dad." He smiled, "I learned from the best." We both sat down to eat, each of us scooping a hefty about of lasagna onto our plates. Living with my mom had always been difficult I was in charge of bills, cooking, and cleaning. My mom was there but I mostly took care of myself. Moving in with my dad took some time getting used to. He didn't need anything from me. Charlie was fully dependent on himself, and only allowed me to cook for him because I loved to do it. Charlie was staring at me while as he stuffed a forkful of lasagna into his mouth. He was studying me. Before I could make a comment, he spoke. "I know you don't think I've notice but come on Bella I'm the police chief it's my job to notice things." He set down his fork and I looked at him in confusion. "I know that you and Jake have been having problems." My heart dropped. "Dad.." "I know Bella, but you guys are so good together so I know you'll work it out. I just hope he doesn't let the job get in the way of his relationship like I did with your mother." He reached over and patted my hand and picked up his fork again. The problems Jacob and I were having were just that problems, as in multiple issues. But was it really my fault? We had issues before, but it didn't get as bad as the last 3 months. Today, was the first day in weeks that we haven't argued or fought. I knew I still loved him, but was it still the same kind of affection? Have I really tried all I could to work it out? It wouldn't matter if I didn't love him in that way anymore. I'd just be stringing him along and playing with his emotions which I did not want to do. I internally sighed my thoughts were all over the place. After dinner Charlie grabbed our dishes and cleared the table. "You don't leave until April, huh?" Charlie asked interrupting my thoughts. I nodded. "Yes, I have a couple of months to save up some more to prepay rent, get a new car, and utility down payments." Charlie reached into his pocket and pulled out an envelope. "Dad no," I whined holding my hands up, palms facing him. "You don't have to give me anything." "I want to do this for you, you have no idea how proud of you I am. I wasn't always there for you when you were a kid but over the last 6 years I've watched you work hard and you've earned everything you have." He handed me the envelope, his eyes shining with tears. "Take this envelope and don't complain," he said sternly. I wiped a tear from my eye, and held the envelope. We missed a high five and came around for a fist bump, our secret handshake. "Love you Pop!" I heard him grumbled on my way up the stairs. "Love you too, Bellsy," he yelled back, I heard him chuckle after hearing me groan. I unceremoniously plopped down into the lazy boy chair in my bedroom. Remote in hand I flipped to a show about renovating old buildings that I knew I wouldn't really watch. Charlie's words about his regrets when it came to his marriage to Renee struck a nerve. He never spoke about his feelings when it came to their separation. I knew he still loved her but his confession still took me by shock. I never put the full blame on him for the divorce knowing my mom like I do she doubt she put any effort into trying to fix their problems. I didn't want to do that. I didn't want to not try. I pulled the lever on the side of the chair up and leaned all the way back. How do I fix my relationship? Where do I even begin? How do I start? I picked up my phone and decided to start where every college student did when they had a problem. Google. I stared blankly at the screen. What do I type in? 'Help I can't have orgasms?' I shrugged and typed it in. The first few results where MD pages, Ask Jane columns and 10 ways to make your sex life explode articles farther down the page the word psychology popped out at me. A therapist! Oh my gosh! Why didn't I think about it before? I looked up therapist in the Seattle area that uses my insurance. Seattle was far enough away from Forks so no one would see me especially Jacob, and convenient since I was moving there. I pulled up a list of doctor's in the Seattle area. The fifth name on the list stuck out to me, Dr. Cullen's office was the closest to my new apartment. So, that's the one I'll go with. I called the office and made