DISCLAIMER: I do not own The Hunger Games that belongs to Suzanne Collins. (Because if I did, Finnick would not be dead and Peeta would never have been high-jacked in the first place) And I do not own the Elvish language, created by J.R.R Tolkien, which I used for the main character's name. Also I do NOT own the the song in this story (Which I got the idea for this story from) ; If I die young. By: The Perry Band. I only own the story, and the characters; Nenya and Kype. And sorry if there are a few minor typos I've tried hard to proof-read it over and over again. P.S. If this story makes you cry, then I have done my job :) Also this is a prequel to the Girl of the Sea series. T his is a story of a girl from District 4, Nenya was her name and she was the pearl of the district, she was the mermaid of the sea some would say. Her long hair fell in waves that tossed like the real thing when she gave a flick of her head to the side. Her voice was as melodic as a siren, as she'd sit on her little rock in the early morning humming, while she combed her hair with the golden brush given to her by her mother. Her love of the sea was shadowed only by the love for her family. She would have been content to sit there forever had it not been for the fact that it was the eve of the reaping; the day designated when families would be torn apart, and friends lost. It was an awful thing, the reaping, but what power did a small girl in a fishing district have over fate? Nenya sat there with a sigh, what if she was the one reaped this year, the one chosen to fight other innocent children to the death, forced to become a murderer. She shivered at the thought. Well the odds were in her favor though weren't they? Being only 15 years of age her name was only entered four times. She was lucky enough to have not needed to take out any tesserea, being from a victor's family they had had more than enough money than they knew what to do with. Or at least until 6 months ago, when her father, District 4's 36th Hunger Games victor, died on a 'accidental' boat explosion. The memory was still fresh in Nenya's fragile mind, she could remember the day her mother and father kissed her good-bye, taking the baby, saying they'd be back in a week's time. She'd watched them cross the courtyard and pass through the iron gates before closing the door. "Hey there, Pretty Pearl." The voice startled the poor girl and she jumped. "Settle down Nen, it's just me," said the bronze-haired boy sitting down next to her. She stared at the boy who was 3 years older, and her best friend in whole world. His golden colored locks were gleaming in the sunlight. Nenya felt a blush creep upon her cheeks as she realized she'd been studying him for far too long, "Sorry Kype, I'm just a little… on edge today." He looked at her softly for a long moment, as if deciding something, "You're gonna be o.k. Nen. You know the kid three doors down from me? He said his name was entered 10 times, and he's a year younger than you. The odds are more in your favor than anyone's." Nenya nodded numbly, looking out at the sea, the waves rolling in and out in a soothing rhythmic motion, this was where she belonged. "Look Kype, if I do get reaped-" The boy suddenly put his finger to her lips shshing her, "Don't even think that way Pretty Pearl." The girl sighed gently removing his hand, "I know, but listen, if I do get reaped… I want to be buried here by the sea. It's where my heart belongs." She went off in a sad daydream listing details of how she wanted her funeral to go, "I'd want to wear that pretty white satin gown we saw in the shop window, in a ring of flowers, maybe even roses, and one of those pretty lullabies playing softly in the breeze." She dipped her long slender finger in the crystal clear, blue water. The boy pulled her into a hug, "Well, if that happens- which I swear it won't, you can have anything your heart desires Pretty Pearl. After all you're a Cove." The girl giggled lightly, leaning into his shoulder, "But the only one there will be my mother though." Kype gently squeezed her hand, "And me, I'll be the first one there, from dawn until sunset." She snuggled in closer to him, "Promise?" she muttered. His hand was gently stroking her hair, "Of course Pretty Pearl. You know I love ya." More than you'll ever realize he thought sadly. Nenya sadly pulled away from the embrace, wishing his words were meant more than just in a friendly way. Of course they never would, she was hoping for too much. So the sad pair sat there together but completely apart, and oblivious to each other's mutual wishes. Kype stood up, holding a hand out to her to help her up, "Come on, better get you home. After all we've still got that annual sunrise picnic tomorrow right?" Nenya laughed taking his rough but warm hand, "As always Sir Helmerson," she said with a mock curtsy, which he returned with a bow. She sat in her bed, the light airy sheets pulled to her waist, with her diary in her lap as she wrote by candle light the things she could never say aloud. Of course they had electrical lights, but the flicker of the candle's flame was soothing. She wrote down with her black ink pen all her secret feelings for Kype, the boy with the bronze hair. The boy who stood up for her the day in the schoolyard 5 years ago, when the careers cornered and hounded her yet again about joining them in training for the brutal event so called the 'Hunger Games'. She wrote about how he told them off, the lot of them, then he quickly turned around and knelt down to her; she was but a small crying girl then, leaned up against a brick wall. His eyes focused on the gold chain she wore around her neck, hanging from it was a single white pearl. The first words out of the boy's mouth were, "pretty pearl," he quickly corrected his 'slip of tongue' and asked if she was all right. She nodded and a squeaky 'thanks' emitted from her lips. Nenya placed the pen down for a moment. If only they would be more than best friends, but no, Kype would never see her in any other way. With a soft sigh she yawned. She scribbled something down before placing the diary and pen on her nightstand and blowing out the dim flame. May the odds be ever in our favor, she thought before dreams overtook her. It was a bitter cold morning as they made their way up the hill, hand in hand, the pinkish color of day slowly appearing before them. It was odd how even the weather was affected by what would happen today, though it could possibly be a coincidence. They sat there on the blanket, mugs of hot chocolate in their freezing hands. Nenya lifted her head as the sun finally made it's appearance across the sky, she gasped in delight and awe. "Oh, how beautiful," she said softly. Kype placed his mug down playfully bumping her in the shoulders, "Not any more than you Pretty Pearl." She rolled her eyes, "Oh please," she said, taking a biscuit from the woven basket and tearing it in half tossing the other to him. "No, really, it's true," he persisted, half joking but truly meaning his words. The girl rose from her seat on the floor to stand by the cliff's edge. Watching the waves, wondering if this might be the last time she saw them. An awful feeling grew in the pit of her stomach that this was to be the last picnic, the last sunrise they would ever have together. She didn't know why or how, but somehow she knew. And she intended to savor ever last moment of it. Every drop of sunlight, every tickle of the breeze, the scent of the ocean, Kype's warm smile. His arms around her, this moment was perfect. She felt his breath on her neck as he sighed, "I really did mean it though. You look beautiful Pretty Pearl." She turned to face him, his hand now cupped her face. "I love you, Nenya," he whispered softly looking directly into her eyes, "and I will forever." For a moment she stood there unsure if she was dreaming again. When she saw his face she was sure she was not. With a large grin flittering across her face she stepped closer whispering in his ear, "I love you, too, Kype." Nenya saw there was a happy light in his eyes, he leaned in closer to her, their lips almost touching. Just as they were about to kiss the Justice Building clock gonged. In another hour the reaping would start. They stood there a moment a bit disoriented, "Come on," he said, "don't want to show up in the square like this do we?" Nenya put on a fake pout, "Is there something wrong with this, I though I was beautiful?" she said motioning to the old, tattered shirt she wore and faded white skirt. He rolled his eyes and chuckled, "Of course Pretty Pearl, but I don't think your mother'll be too happy you let that pretty new dress go to waste." She sulking agreed and they descended from their little paradise. She stood there in front of the mirror examining herself twirling in the sea-weed green dress. It was all right she supposed. Nenya quickly combed out her hair, spraying her favorite strawberry sent on herself. Well, she was as ready as she'd ever be. When they reached the square she gave a quick hug to her mother, then planted a chaste kiss on her sister's tiny forehead. "You be good for our momma understand?" She looked back up at her mother, and forced on a believable smile, "I'll be fine. Besides, my name's only in there four times, right?" It must have been the coldest day District 4 could ever remember, and it was yet to be into the winter months. The sun shown down on them, but gave no warmth as Nenya lined up to check in, then headed for the 15-year old pen. There she stood frozen, the wind biting her face, her fingers and nose numb. After the mayor gave his annual speech, District 4's escort trotted up to center stage to announce the tributes of the 56th Annual Hunger games. He makes his way over to the girls' ball pulling out a piece of clean white paper, written on it in cursive in black pen ink is the name Nenya Cove. A few tears fell from her eyes as she straightened herself and shakily made her way onto the stage, to her appointed death. The boy's name was picked, but it went by as a blur to her. All she could think about was how the odds had been entirely in her favor, how Kype was confident it wouldn't be her. Well, life doesn't always go the way it ought to. Before she knew it, they'd been ushered into the Justice Building and told they had an hour to say good-bye to their loved ones. Of course her mother and sister were first. For several minutes she stood there holding her baby sister in her arms, cradling her closely, "Be good for