The alarm clock went off with a loud buzz. Nico groaned, realizing that he had forgotten to turn it off Friday night so he could sleep in today. He lazily climbed out of bed and unplugged it. Nico went into the bathroom connected to his room and looked at his skinny young body in the mirror. His wavy black hair was a mess, but it was Saturday and he didn't plan on going out, so he didn't care. He brushed his teeth and stepped over to the toilet and pulled out his uncut 5 inch morning wood. He let loose and his piss came out like a firehouse and sprayed everywhere due to his erection. He considered wanking afterwards but wasn't really horny at the time and just wanted his dick to go down and stop making a huge tent in his sweatpants due to his lack of underwear. He decided to take a shower. Meanwhile in a house a few streets over, Percy was sneaking out through his window to avoid having to do the homework his parents discovered he'd been putting off. After he was out he set off down the street, with no particular location in mind. He took out his phone checked on Facebook. He had one new friend request. It was from a boy named Nico who went to the same school. At first he didn't recognize him, but when he went onto his profile and looked at a couple of his pics he remembered him from English class. Nico had helped him with an essay before. Percy remembered thinking that he was pretty cute and wanting to hang out with him, but at the time he was occupied with two other boys. He kept browsing Nico's photos until he came along one of him from summer a month ago in clingy swim shorts, shirtless and soaking wet. Now he definitely wanted to get to know Nico better. Percy accepted the request and messaged Nico. "Hey. :) You helped me with a paper in English once, right?" Nico was singing along to his favorite vinyl, In The Aeroplane Over The Sea, when he heard his phone buzz. He grabbed it off his nightstand and read the message. His face lit up with a smile. He had been infatuated with Percy since school started. He had three classes with him, English, Gym, and Biology. But Percy had always seemed to have a boy(or two) he was busy with and Nico didn't think Percy even noticed him until he needed help that one time. He wasn't sure whether to send him a friend request at first and only went through with it after deliberating on it and mustering up his courage. But now he had accepted and even wanted to talk to him and Nico was ecstatic. Nico replied. "Yeah, that was me, what's up?" "Just walking around, don't really have anything to do. You live near me right? Wanna hang out?" Nico's smile grew even more. Now the boy he'd been crushing on actually wanted to hang out with him. "Yeah, that sounds good. I live over on Emerson street, just a few houses down from the brick sign." "The Homeowner's Association thing? All the houses over there look kinda the same. You have a car or something in your driveway?" "Nah, my parents are away with the car right now and won't be back for a while. I'll just message you the address, use your GPS." Percy smirked. No parents home. He'd have Nico all alone. "Alright, cool. I'll be there in a few minutes." Nico's breathing quickened. He couldn't believe Percy was actually coming over. He put on a shirt and looked at his hair in the mirror. It was messy, but he thought it looked good in a casual, nonchalant type way. He considered styling it with some gel but didn't want to give Percy the impression he was trying too hard to impress him. Besides, it usually took him more than a few minutes to get his hair right, and Percy would be over soon. He went downstairs to the living room and waited on the couch. Percy pulled out his phone. "I'm here, this the right place?" Nico looked out the window and saw Percy. He went to the door and opened it. "This is the right place." Nico said with a grin. Percy stepped up to the doorway and the two boys momentarily looked each other over. Nico was thinking that Percy was hotter than ever. At 6'0" Percy was a full 5 inches taller than him, and had bright sea green eyes and black hair. Percy was thinking that Nico was even cuter than he remembered with his light brown eyes and jet black hair and tight little body, and mentally kicking himself for not approaching him sooner. Percy broke the silence. "Hey, thanks for letting me come over. I've been wanting to get to know you for a while, just been busy." Nico blushed and invited Percy in. Percy stepped in while Nico closed the door. "So, how long are your parents gonna be gone for?" "All day, actually. They're out of town for my dad's job, he has to attend a meeting." "Any siblings"? "Nope, just me." Nico wondered to himself why Percy was so concerned about who else was in the house. "Why do you ask?" Percy responded in a reassuring voice, "Like I said, just wanna get to know you better. By the way, thanks for that help with my English paper. I owe you one." "Nah, it was nothing. Let's go up to my room, my ps4 and Wii U are up there. You play Rocket League or Smash?" "Not really, but you could teach me." "Alright. " Nico smiled enthusiastically and led Percy up the stairs to his room. After 45 minutes the tension and awkwardness had died down and the two boys were laying on the bed while Nico coached Percy in his game of Rocket League. It wasn't Percy's sort of game, but Nico seemed to really be enjoying it based on the way he jumped and shouted when Percy managed to score a goal, so Percy went along with it and showed enthusiasm. Percy's game finished, the first one he had managed to win. Nico beamed and said sarcastically "My Rocket League coaching skills are truly amazing." Percy laughed and handed Nico the controller. "Why don't you show me what you can do in this game?" Nico accepted and started another match. "Watch and learn, Percy." Percy got up and positioned himself so he was sitting behind Nico on his knees, with his arms around Nico's neck and his chest against the back of Nico's head. He nuzzled his chin against the top of Nico's head. Nico's smug grin turned into a sheepish, comfortable one. 5 minutes later the match was over and Nico had floored his opponent 4 to 0. "I guess you weren't lying about being good, haha". Nico was feeling a bit more confident around Percy. "Nope, I'm even on the all time top leaderboards." Percy scooted back onto the bed. Nico turned around to face him. Percy suggested they play a game. "Like what?" "Just something for us to get to know each other better. How about Truth or Dare?" Nico's cheeks turned red. He had never been played truth or dare before, especially not with a cute boy on his bed. But he had read about it. "Sure, that sounds fun." "Alright, you go first." "Okay, truth or dare." Percy responded. "Truth". Nico thought about what to ask. "Do you like anyone at school?" Nico momentarily daydreamed about Percy professing that his crush was him. "Yes." Nico tensed up. "Who do you like?" Percy smiled and responded. "Nope. You only get one question and I already answered it, if you wanna know WHO my I like you'll have to ask again." Nico sighed and rolled his eyes. "Fiiiiinne." "Now my turn. Truth or dare?" Nico responded "Truth", too scared to go for a dare just yet. "What color underwear are you wearing?" Nico blushed a deep red. "Uuuuuuhhhh..." "Well?" "...I may or may not actually be wearing any underwear at the moment." This surprised Percy, and made his libido start to flare up. Thankfully he was wearing jeans and tight boxer briefs at the moment and they were pretty good at hiding erections. The same couldn't be said for Nico, who had been turned on by his crush asking him a question like that. He shifted to try to hid his oncoming erection. Percy could tell what Nico was doing and it amused him. "I guess that means it's your turn again then." "Right, right. Truth or dare?" Percy responded "dare", not wanting to answer truth and have to reveal that we was into Nico but instead to toy with him for a while longer. "I dare you... Nico took a while to come up with a good dare, not being too experienced with the game. But Percy had made Nico horny, and he decided to press his luck. "I dare you to take off your shirt." Percy did it immediately, yanking his shirt over his shoulders and playfully throwing it onto Nico's face. Its scent of sweat and body wash hit Nico, and made his erection grow even more. The way he was sitting hid it well, however. He removed it and looked at Percy. His abs were very well defined, and he obviously took great care of of his body. His hips formed a slight v shape leading to his waist, where his underwear peeked out above his jeans. Percy could see Nico was impressed and flustered. He enjoyed making Nico blush, and he could tell from the way Nico had adjusted himself earlier and how he was sitting now that he was trying to hide an erection. "My turn, Nico. Truth or dare?" Nico was still nervous about doing a dare, and said "Truth" again. "What's something about yourself you don't want anyone at school to know?" Nico thought about it for a while. "Promise you won't tell anyone?" "Of course, my lips are sealed." "I'm in the boyscouts." "Why wouldn't you want anyone to know that?" "I don't know, it's just kind of dumb. The uniforms are pretty embarrassing too." "I used to be in the boyscouts.", admitted Percy. Nico looked surprised. Percy really didn't look the type. "Really?" "Yeah, but only because my parents made me. Like you said, it's kind of dumb. I did learn how to tie knots and start fires though." Percy smirked. "Anyway, your turn again." "Okay. Truth or dare?" "I guess I'll go with truth this time, but you better pick dare soon." Percy said slyly. Nico was feeling comfortable around Percy and already knew what he wanted to ask. Something he'd wanted to ask since he'd first met Percy... "Can I touch your abs?" Percy let out a laugh. "Go for it. It'd be a waste to let these bad boys go unadmired." Nico blushed, again, and leaned forward. He hesitantly reach his hand out to Percy's stomach, but Percy grabbed it and placed it against him. His abs felt smooth and hard. Nico moved has hand over them. "You like them?" "Maybe." This certainly wasn't doing anything to make Nico's erection go down, but he wasn't worried as long as he remained sitting. Percy wanted to take things further and see Nico become flustered again, and already had a dare in mind. "Truth or dare?" Nico built up his courage and put aside his nervousness. "I guess it's only fair I choose dare this time." Percy smiled mischievously. "I dare you to do 10 jumping jacks. Nico's face become redder than ever before. He knew that doing jumping jacks would make his erection extremely obvious, and he suspected that that's why Percy chose this dare. And although he would never admit it, he