Well this one justpopped up unexpectedly, didn't it? A surprise for you, my faithful readers, and a little snack for my new ones. The OCs are mine, so no stealing! Though why you would want to is beyond me. Joram, Tissla, and Toram are one-timers; Aldamîr is my head healer in Mirkwood, so you will probably see him around often; Beryl is the Captain of the Guard, also in several of my fics; and Isilendiel is, of course, the Queen, as seen in "Blood and Flowers." Legolas is a still a child. The chapters are long, but there are only two, and I couldn't bear to separate them any further. This fic was something…new. I hope it's never been done before, and I hope you like it. Thirty Days The year 1050, a shadow over Greenwood begins to appear… "Toram, get down from there before you fall!" the young woman called to her son attempting to climb the large oak tree beside the road. Even walking through most of the day as the small family was, the seven-year old boy still had energy to spare. "Ah, let him be, Tissla," the boy's father laughed. "Perhaps he will actually sleep the whole night tonight." "And if he falls and breaks his leg, what then, Joram? We have not the knowledge or the supplies to mend it," Tissla countered. "Your mother is right, son. Come down now," Joram called. The small boy easily complied, shinnying down the tree and quickly displaying an odd-shaped branch he had found, before scurrying off after a squirrel. After a few more minutes of walking, Toram was called back and a shaded place was found beside the road where they could rest and eat. A small loaf of bread and flask of water were taken from the family's old mare, which carried all of their remaining possessions. Conditions in the small Human settlement that had lived in had not been good. The two was still recovering from a fire the year previously in which it had lost nearly a third of its inhabitants. Work was bad, pay was low, and food was scarce. After selling most of their possessions, Joram and his family had decided to make the north trip to Lake Town, which was reported to be thriving. None of the other families were willing to leave their homes or risk the journey with them. The borders of Greenwood the Great were well within sight; every so often a stray tree, an extension of the forest, perhaps, would grace the roadside with much-desired shade. Yet the travelers did not venture into the woods, having heard the stories of weary wanderers entering them, never to be seen again. Besides that, they were aware of the nearing Elven territory. The Wood-Elves were not known for their friendliness to other races, and were rather renowned for their fierce skills in battle. But all Elves were held in awe and not a little fear by Humans, seeing them as magical, dangerous, and otherworldly. The family soon rose after their simple meal and continued on their road again, Joram leading the old grey mare. The man was not tall, but had a broad, sturdy build that suggested great strength. He had been a blacksmith before the fire, the most respected in the village, but in recent times had taken whatever odd jobs possible to help make ends meet. He had dark hair and dark eyes, but gentle features betraying his humorous countenance. His wife, Tissla, was slender and a few inches shorter than he, with light brown hair and grey eyes. Their son Toram was a fair mix of both of them, with brown eyes and hair the color of his mother's. Young Toram quickly skipped ahead of his parents, briefly examining every rock and hole along the way. His parents laughed at his antics, more than glad that he had remained unaffected by the move thus far. The three continued well on into the afternoon, until Joram noticed the dark clouds gathering on the near horizon, heralds of the bad storm to come. After briefly discussing it with Tissla, he decided that the safest place to wait out the storm would be under the trees of Greenwood. Calling Toram to them, they hastened toward the dark eave. The wind was quickly picking up in force and the first fat drops of rain were beginning to fall just as they reached the tree line. The three continued on into the woods until the dark sky could hardly be seen above them. Few were the drops that penetrated that dense canopy. Settling on the soft grass against a large tree and tying the horse to a low-hanging branch, the three Humans sat to wait out the storm. It was surprisingly quiet, but the storm could be heard raging beyond their safe refuge, and they were glad of it. After only half an hour of sitting quietly with no sign of the storm lightening up, Toram rose and proceeded to thoroughly explore their immediate surrounds. After finding nothing of great interest there, the boy declared that he was going to go seek buried treasure. "I'm not sure that's such a good idea," Tissla quickly countered. "Woods can be very dangerous places, and we don't know what's out there." "I'm sure he'll be just fine, Tiss," Joram replied. "We're near enough to the edge of the forest, and all is quiet. Nothing will happen to him." Tissla gave an exasperated sigh. "Fine, but stay within sight of us, or you'll sit with us until the storm passes." Toram whooped excitedly, and scampered off. There was no sign of any animals or even flowers and all parts of the forest looked the same as the next. Not to be so easily dissuaded, Toram continued on, careful to keep in sight the tree his parents rested against. After a few short minutes of easily ambling and the occasional pause to admire some twisted tree or other, something caught the young boy's eye. Almost straight ahead gleamed a pale shaft of sunlight, shining down into what looked to be a thicket of some sort, surrounded by tall hedges. Pondering the presence of light piercing through the trees, for the storm was still to be heard as strong as ever, the boy bounded forward, but just as suddenly came to a halt. He glanced back. The tree his parents rested against was just within sight, and he knew that if he continued on, it would be lost from his sight. But his interest already piqued, Toram quickly decided to go on. He would soon return; he just wanted to see what the light was. He reached the thick hedge and eagerly pushed his way through. He came out on the other side to a small clearing, gently illuminated by the natural sunlight. Immediately, he was struck with a sense of peace and serenity, but also something else, something quiet and almost sad. On the opposite side of the clearing stood a massive oak tree, with many interlacing branches—perfect for climbing if one could reach the lowest branches. At the base of the great tree was a small mound of freshly turned earth, no more than two feet across and four long. The shaft of sunlight fell directly on the small, surrounded by small white flowers. The clearing was utterly silent except for the sound of his own breathing and steps as he slowly walked forward. As he neared, something on the tree caught his eye, and he closely examined it, careful not to step on the fresh dirt or flowers. Many curves and lines adorned the tree's bark, in some semblance of words, he thought. Toram stared at the carvings for a while, then down at the dirt, and a new thought sprang into his mind. Perhaps this was his buried treasure! Getting down on his knees, he laid his hands on the dirt, something telling him not to touch it. But it was obvious that something had been done to it, and quite recently, and Toram knew he would never be able to rest until he knew what. Gently sinking his fingers into the dirt, he was surprised at how soft it was and how easily it was removed. He soon had a hole a half-foot deep, and excitedly kept digging, laying the removed dirt to the side. By the time the hole was two feet deep, he was lying on his stomach and stretching down to continue. Soon after, his fingers brushed against something hard, and he tapped and pounded until he was sure. He eagerly brushed away the dirt to reveal a dark, smooth wood. He stared at it for a long moment before giving a loud cry of joy and springing up, running back the way he had come. Joram and Tissla jumped up at the sudden loud shout. "Toram," they breathed in horror at the same moment. They ran in the direction they thought it had come from, to come face to face with their son a few moments later as he ran towards them. "What is it? What happened?" "What's wrong? Are you hurt?" Their worry turned to confusion, though, as they noticed the huge smile and light of excitement on Toram's face. They did not have to wait long for an explanation. "I found it!" he exclaimed. "I found buried treasure!" He grabbed their hands and quickly led them back to the clearing. Pulled through the hedge, Joram and Tissla hit with the sense of serenity permeating the small clearing, disturbed though it was by the boy's excitement. Toram rapidly started his tale, pointing out each thing as he said it. "First I saw the light so I came in here, and I saw the tree, and the weird carvings on it, and the fresh dirt, so I decided to dig in it, and I found something wooden!" The two took in everything, Joram stepping closer to examine the carvings on the tree. "They look to be some sort of letters perhaps, but I have never seen the like of them before." Tissla glanced uneasily about them. "Perhaps we should go…" There was something very wrong about this place. Joram gently took Tissla by the shoulders, looking her steadily in the eye. "Tiss, this could be our lucky break. There could actually be something here. Do you want to pass that up? Do you wish to remain poor for the rest of our lives?" Tissla lowered her eyes and Joram turned to the hole his son had dug. For many minutes, Joram and Toram labored away, enlarging the hole until most of the fresh dirt was removed. The hole revealed a dark wooden box, about four feet long and less than two feet across. "Tiss," Joram requested, kneeling at one end of the hole. "Help me lift it." Tissla obeyed, kneeling at the other end and reaching down to grasp the box. On the count of three, the two lifted the box, finding it only about a foot deep and surprisingly—and perhaps disappointingly—light. Toram was bouncing in excitement as they set it down next to the hole. Brushing off a light layer of dirt revealed more of the strange lettering, inlaid in gold, at the head of the box. Tissla ran a hand over it as Joram pried at the lid. It was nailed tightly shut, but after much tugging and effort, he had managed to displace enough of the nails to get it open. Tissla and Joram's eyes met again, one hand resting on the lid, ready to remove it. This could very well be the changing point in their lives. "Open it! Open it! Open it!" Toram cried excitedly. Joram slowly lifted the lid, and what was then revealed to them elicited a small scream from Tissla and heavy gasps from the other two. Joram quickly grabbed his son and turned his head, not wishing him to see. In