A/N: alright, alright.I know I keep promising the next chappie in POTE, but I wrote this and just haaaad to post it. The poetry in it is my own. Other than that, I own nothing…except for the wording. And the idea…I think. Oh, and the rating is just to be safe, 'cause I don't want it to get deleted. I figure Aragorn to be around 40 in this fic. I can't recall if he ever returned to Rivendell between the ages of 20 and 87 and I'm too lazy to look it up, but let's just say he does. Summary: Aragorn discovers the secret of the child of the haunted falls of Rivendell, and the only way to lay him to rest. The Lost Aragorn sighed contentedly, reclining back on the lush grass, the sound of the nearby roaring waterfall drowning out all other noise. It was good to be home. This was his favorite time of year to return to Rivendell. The sun was warm but there was a cool breeze, and the air was clear. This place, a green hollow right near the base of the fall, was the Man's favorite place to come to, and had always been. Mostly he came to this peaceful place to be alone, for as a child he had found that no one ever came here, not even his Elven brothers, though he could not guess why. It was one of the most beautiful places in the Hidden Valley, and a perfect spot for swimming. The constant rumble of the waterfall was lulling him to sleep as he lay there, forgetting for a while the rest of the world. His heavy lids were just about to slip shut when a nearby call of "Estel!" startled him awake. He glared in the direction it had come from, but it was broken by his smile. Even after all these years his brothers still called him by his childhood name. "I'm over here!" he shouted, knowing that the other could hear him, even over the sound of the waterfall. "Well come over here!" "No! Come and get me!" He laughed to himself. "Fine! Stay there and starve!" the indignant shout came back. Aragorn lay back on the grass, hands behind his head, grinning. He dimly wondered again why no one ever came to this place, although it really did not matter. All the better for him. He had just closed his eyes again why he heard an odd sound over the roar of the falls, as if it were carried to him on the water. He cracked an eye open, but when he did not hear it again, he decided that he had imagined it and closed his eyes again. He sat suddenly up, and this time he was certain of the laughter he had heard. There was always much laughter in Imladris, although normally the sound of the falls would have covered it. Even stranger, though, was that it was child's laughter. Never in Rivendell had he heard the sound of a child's laughter besides his own. But this was no mortal child, and not for many hundreds of years before him, he knew, had there been an Elven-child in Imladris. Curious, Aragorn stood and scanned the opposite shore, covered in mist. He was just about to turn away when a flash of gold caught his eye. His eyes widened, for where he had just looked a moment ago, there now stood a golden-haired Elf-child, only half his height. Even from the distance he could see the bright blue of his eyes. His lips were moving, but no sound could be heard. Aragorn blinked and the child was gone. He stared for a moment at the opposite bank, then passed a hand over his eyes as one just woken from a dream, and shook his head. He hurried back to the House, not looking back. ………… "What is wrong, Aragorn?" Aragorn looked up in surprise to Elrond, his foster father. He had not noticed the Elf lord watching him throughout the evening meal. "Uh, nothing," he quickly answered. "Aragorn," Elrond began in a slight reprimanding tone. "Do you not yet know that I can see right through you? You have barely touched your food, and have not said a word." "Oh. I was just thinking about…different things," the Man replied, shoving a huge chunk of meat into his mouth. The twins laughed quietly to themselves as they watched him try to chew it, and even Elrond had to smother a smile. Aragorn felt a blush rising up his face. No matter how old he was, he always felt like a child in the presence of these Elves. To hide his embarrassment, he casually stated, "I saw an odd thing today." "Oh?" Elrond raised an eyebrow, smiling and tapping his lips with his finger. Aragorn hurriedly wiped his mouth before continuing. "I saw an Elf child today." The twins raised their eyebrows, making all three look alike. Then Elladan laughed. "You clearly need more sleep, Estel. You only just arrived yesterday, after all." "Perhaps that weed he is always smoking has finally gone to his brain," Elrohir added, trying to look serious. "I know what I saw," Aragorn defended lamely. "Estel, there has not been any Elf child anywhere for…" Elrond paused, as if trying to count the many years. "I know!" "So where did he go?" Elladan asked. "I do not know. He…" The Man hesitated, knowing how ridiculous he would sound. "…disappeared." "Disappeared?" The twins snorted, but Elrond started to look concerned. "I am serious! He had golden hair and bright blue eyes." A shadow fell over the eyes of the Elves, though the twins still smiled. Besides foreigners, the only Elves in Rivendell who had golden hair were a few ancient counselors, but none of them even had blue eyes. "Where was this, exactly?" Elrond asked, although he had a growing suspicion that he already knew. "At the base of the waterfall, on the west side," Aragorn mumbled, now thoroughly embarrassed. Immediately a heavy silence fell on the room, and the three Elves became deadly serious. "Never return to that place, Estel," Elrond commanded quietly. "Why? What is wrong?" Aragorn asked in growing concern. "That place is haunted," Elrohir whispered, as if afraid of being overheard, though they were the only four in that room. "Elrohir," Elrond quietly rebuked. "It is true," the twin hissed back. "Haunted?" Aragorn echoed, his interest piqued. He had heard such tales of ghosts and things during his travels with the Rangers, but never anything of the sort in an Elven realm. "What do you mean?" But they did not answer. At a sharp glance from Elrond, the Man wisely decided to drop it. The twins did not eat any more and soon excused themselves. "What is wrong with them?" Aragorn asked softly. "Nothing." Elrond stood, laying a hand on the Man's shoulder as he passed. "Get some sleep. Do not trouble yourself over this any longer." ………… Aragorn somehow managed to do just that for the entirety of the next day, but the day after, he could no longer take it. He returned to the waterfall, this time to the bank he had seen the child standing on, but there was no sign of him, nor sound of the laughter of before. He sat down on the lush grass, idly plucking a blade. He loved the way the sun glinted off the water, oftentimes sending it into a myriad of different colours. He marveled that this place could be considered haunted, although it did at last answer his question as to why no one ever went there. His head snapped up as there was a whisper on the wind. He could not make out the words, but could distinctly tell where they were coming from—the green hollow on the opposite shore. Aragorn quickly stood and easily waded across the water, for though the waterfall was very near, the resulting stream was remarkably calm—the work of Vilya, no doubt. A flash of gold drew his attention and he plunged into the trees and undergrowth, hoping to overcome it. He broke into a small clearing, but there was no sign of what he sought. The whisper came again, this time from the direction he had just come. He moved slowly this time, the words growing louder as he approached the bank. He stopped a few yards away from the figure he found there, crouching over a small patch of dirt. The child had his back to Aragorn, but now the Man could clearly understand the words of the slow chant. My blood runs into the river, I come bearing my soul hither. Aragorn was drawn forward, horrified by the morbid words coming from this child. Blue tainted red, Now I am dead. Aragorn was close enough now to see what the child was doing. He was drawing with his finger in the dirt, and the Man was surprised to see three smiling little figures, hands linked. Still the child did not look up at him, and Aragorn could not see his face even though he was now standing right beside him, for his long golden hair shielded it from view. Silently Soul flees At last the child looked up at him, straight into his eyes, and Aragorn recoiled in horror. Blood streamed from his eyes, pouring down his face and onto the ground, where it found its way to the stream and tainted it red. Hand poised over the drawing in the dirt, the child swiftly drew his hand across it as he said the last word, completely erasing the middle figure. Dead. Aragorn turned and ran as fast as he could, not once turning back, though long he could feel the child's gaze on his retreating back. ………… The rest of that day Aragorn spent in his room, trying to forget the horror of the child's eyes. Yet however much he did not wish to dwell on it, he found that he could not let the matter rest. The most dominant thought in his mind was why. Why was the child there? What had happened to him that he now haunted those falls? All that night he was plagued by dark dreams of death and blood, the child's words echoing continually through his mind. In the morning he rose early, weary from the previous night, and decided to take a long walk outdoors to clear his mind. The fresh air quickly revived him, and soon he was able to put the matter of the child to the back of his mind and enjoy the nature around him. …Until he came to an old clearing, where all was silent and still. There, sitting cross-legged in the middle of the clearing, hands folded neatly in his lap, the child calmly stared up at him. Aragorn was about to turn and run again when he noticed that all previous signs of the blood on the child's face were now gone. If it had not been for the shining gold hair, Aragorn doubted he would have even seen the child right away, for his clothing of green and brown blended in remarkably well with his surroundings. Aragorn took a hesitant step forward before the child spoke. These wounds I have—they just won't heal I am not dead, for I was killed. As he spoke, the child lifted his hands upward to Aragorn. They were now covered in blood. The Man suddenly noticed for the first time—though how it had escaped his notice before, he could not guess—that the child sat in the midst of an ever-growing pool of blood, the source of which seemed to be his hands. He took a step back in disgust as the blood reached his boots. The child's words came to his retreating form clearly as he ran. Won't someone stop this blood flowing? Won't someone fix this living thing? At last Aragorn could stand it