Hello! I'm back withmore for you, all my lovely readers. I never thanked you all enough for all your wonderful reviews! So, my humble thanks. So, here I am with my promised one-shot, "Blood and Flowers." Happy Friday. I originally meant it to be a multi-chapter story, but realized it would have just been repeating itself over and over, so I left it at this. (The repetitiveness in this chapter was deliberate, however.) But, who knows, maybe one day when the inspiration hits again, I'll continue it. It starts out slow, and there's not much action, but give it a chance, eh? (I apologize if it deletes my scene dividers. I'll correct it as soon as possible.) Blood and Flowers It would begin as a peaceful walk through the trees, with just a growing sense of unease, then suddenly end with a shrill scream. It grew worse every time. Tonight he was walking through the trees, the sun shining merrily through the treetops and the wildlife chattering. But something was wrong. A growing sense of unease crept upon him, as every time before, and the nature around him gradually quieted until it died out completely. Suddenly a shrill scream echoed off to his right and he took off running in that direction. As he drew nearer, sounds of a scuffle could be heard, along with the terrifying shrieks of delight from Orcs. Coming to a small clearing, he could only stand frozen as he watched an Elf maiden struggle in the grasp of the Orcs. Her bright green dress was torn and she was bleeding from several minor wounds. Just as she turned to look at him… Legolas bolted upright, breathing hard, and cast a wide-eyed glance around his room. He collapsed back on the bed in relief when he recognized the familiar surroundings. The dreams had been coming more and more frequently lately and had been growing longer each time. This was only the second time he had seen the maiden, but had still been unable to help. Glancing outside through the open balcony doors, Legolas noted it was still before dawn, but decided to stay up anyway. He took his time readying himself for the day, then still having time to spare, decided to check his weapons. Legolas removed his bow and quiver of arrows from where they rested beside his bed and examined them. All of the arrows were perfect and in no need of repair and he had just recently replaced his bowstring. Setting them on the bed, Legolas then retrieved one of his long white knives from under his pillow—an old habit—and the other where it lay concealed in a drawer beside his bed. Some called it paranoia, others called it being prepared. Both blades were in perfect condition and he replaced them with a sigh in their sheaths on his quiver. He examined several other blades hidden around his room; all were fine except for one with a slight spot on the blade, which he carefully polished away. Legolas then went down to the Royal Family's dining room, where they always had the morning meal together, and found his father, King Thranduil, and his mother, Isilendiel, already seated there. Isilendiel turned and smiled at him, and Legolas started. There was something very familiar about that moment, something he felt he should know, but the more he tried to remember, the more it strayed further out of reach. Legolas realized that his parents were staring oddly at him, and he quickly sat at his place on his father's left, smiling at them. "Sorry. I was…thinking." Thranduil let the matter drop as servants brought out the meal of fruit and sweetbread. The meal progressed as normal for the small family, conversing with each other about anything and everything. Legolas kept his dreams to himself, for they were nothing of importance, or so he tried to tell himself. Legolas dreaded the nightfall, for with it would come sleep, and with sleep would come the strange, repetitive dream and he would be unable to stop it. But still, night was inevitable, and Legolas found himself putting off rest for as long as possible. But the many sleepless nights prior took their toll, and he was soon walking through the peaceful woods again. A growing sense of unease disturbed his walk and the sounds of nature gradually died out. Suddenly a shrill scream echoed off to his right and he ran toward the sound. As he drew nearer, he could hear the sounds of a scuffle along with the terrifying shrieks of delight from Orcs. Coming to a small clearing, he could only watch in frozen horror as about a dozen Orcs attacked an Elf maiden. Her bright green dress was torn and she was bleeding from several minor wounds. She turned to look at him, and screamed his name. His eyes widened in horror as he recognized "Naneth!" Legolas shot up straight in bed, breathing hard. It was still hours before dawn, but now he knew he could not sleep any more. What did the dreams mean? To have such a dream was not usual, and for so many nights in a row? Was his mother in some sort of danger? Legolas was unusually quiet that morning at breakfast, and his parents easily picked up on it. "Is there something wrong, Legolas?" Thranduil asked. The prince had barely even touched his food and appeared to be deep in thought. Legolas started at the question and looked up to meet two concerned gazes. "No, nothing. I…was just thinking, that is all." Isilendiel reached across the small table and grasped his hand. "You can tell us anything at all, ion nin," she smiled encouragingly. "No, really, it is nothing." Legolas stood. "I must be going or I shall be late. I promised Arion I would meet him at the archery range." Thranduil and Isilendiel watched in concern as he left. "He would tell us if something is wrong," the Queen assured. "Maybe a maiden has finally caught his eye," Thranduil suggested, and they both laughed. ………… Legolas cursed as his arrow met the target ever so slightly off center. Arion, his closest friend, watched with raised eyebrow. "My friend, what is wrong? Something is bothering you." "Nothing," Legolas fairly growled, whipping out another arrow from his quiver. Arion laughed out loud. "You cannot fool me that easily! Now tell me what it is, lest I resort to violence to force it out of you." "You could not." "Try me." Legolas let off the arrow, this one missing the target completely. He growled in annoyance at his obvious distraction. Arion watched in concern. He could hardly remember a time when Legolas had missed a target. "You look tired, mellon nin. Perhaps you should get some rest—" "No!" Legolas jumped at his own answer, studying Arion for a reaction. The other looked startled, but then almost hurt. "Legolas, you used to tell me everything. What is bothering you?" The prince finally relented. He had actually wanted someone to talk to, for the dreams had troubled him more than he wanted to admit. Arion led him over to a large fir tree, where they sat under the leafy boughs, waiting for Legolas to start speaking. "I…have been having dreams lately." He looked at Arion as if expecting him to laugh, but the other Elf just motioned for him to continue. "They began as just a walk in the woods, then a scream, but they are getting longer every night. Last night I saw Orcs attacking someone. …It was my mother." Arion winced in sympathy. He had lost both his parents a few hundred years before to Orcs, and now had only his sister left. "Well, I cannot say I know what to tell you. Perhaps you should tell your parents." "No! I…I just do not want them to worry," Legolas reasoned. "The dreams probably do not mean anything anyway." Arion was about to counter this obvious misunderstanding, but could tell at a glance that Legolas already knew so. He sighed. "Just promise me that you will tell someone if they get any worse." "I already have," Legolas responded. "Who?" Arion asked, surprised. "You." "Someone else , stupid." Arion shoved Legolas, who was caught off guard and toppled over. "Well, fine, if you are going to beat me up about it." Legolas shoved Arion back, but the other was prepared and quickly retaliated. Soon they were both chasing each other over the palace grounds, cares and dreams forgotten for a while. ………… That night, Legolas went to bed less anxious than normal, having been comforted by his talk with Arion. But the peace was short-lived as the dreams took on a more terrifying turn that night. It began like all the others, just a peaceful walk through the woods, with a growing sense of unease. Then came the predicted scream, and he found himself running through the trees at top speed, towards the sound. He did not want to go, to see his mother in the hands of those vile creatures, to see her tortured gaze as she screamed his name. But he could not stop running; it was as if he was being propelled along by some other force. He arrived at the clearing to find her again being attacked by the Orcs, already bleeding from several minor wounds. As if sensing his presence, she turned in his direction and screamed his name. But it did not end there. An Orc, also noticing the new presence, grabbed her from behind while she kicked and struggled in vain. The Orc, apparently the leader, brought a blade to her neck, effectively halting her movements. This served to snap the on looking Elf out of his stupor, and in an instant he had an arrow strung to his bow and aimed at the Orc. But he did not fire. "Move, and I'll slash her throat," the Orc snarled. "Now put your weapons down and we won't kill her." "No, Legolas! Do not! You cannot trust the creatures of darkness!" she shouted. He hesitated. He could probably hit the Orc, but the risk was too great. Ever so slowly, he lowered his bow. "That's a good Elf," the Orc grinned. As soon as the bow was pointed down and held lax in his grip, three Orcs rushed forward to restrain him. The Orc leader grinned wickedly before bringing his blade sharply across the Elf-Queen's neck, then plunging it into her stomach. The prince screamed in rage as his mother fell limply to the ground, her eyes wide in pained horror. Throwing off the Orcs clinging to him, he unsheathed his long blades and in a flurry of movement, had killed them. Several more of the vile creatures were dead before they realized what was happening. The Elf warrior was a formidable foe on normal occasions, but now his movements were fueled by intense hatred and anger at those who had dared to hurt his mother. The Orc leader never knew what had hit him as his head flew off his shoulders, landing several feet away from the rest of its body. The Elf collapsed next to the bleeding form on the ground, casting away his bloodied knives and gathering her into his arms. Blood was pouring freely from the neck and stomach wounds, streaming from between her pale lips. He pressed his hands over the terrible wounds, willing the furious bleeding to stop. But in his heart, he knew it was already too late. Tears filled his eyes as she raised her pain-filled gaze to meet his. Her mouth moved, as if trying to form words, but nothing came. There was a wet gurgle from her throat and she went still, eyes glassed over. "Naneth," he whispered. He sat there for what seemed an eternity, not moving, clutching the rapidly cooling body close, silent tears endlessly streaming down his face. ………… Legolas woke with a strangled gasp,