Alrighty, here's myfirst (posted) multi-chaptered story, as promised! Sorry it took so long. I know there was at least one person waiting for it. I'm not really happy with this first chapter, cuz I had to cram a lot of stuff that could have been much longer into it, and it's still rather long. But stick with it; it will get better! …..at least I think so. Maybe. AGH this is why I never posted my longer stories in the first place! haha. Anyway, it deleted all my scene dividers, so I had to go back and put "scene divider" in between the scenes (see chapter 2.) I still haven't quite figured it all out yet. (any tips or helps would be much appreciated, tho!) so without further boringness on my part…. Princes of the Earth Chapter 1 The Four Princes "Behold, the newest prince of Greenwood the Great, Legolas Greenleaf!" King Thranduil announced to the full courtyard, holding up the tiny baby for all to see. All the Elves cheered for the beautiful newest member of the Royal Family. He was very fair and had silver eyes; downy golden hair was already visible upon the miniature head. Behind the King stood the four elder princes, smiling proudly. A banquet was held in honor of the infant prince, with much dancing and celebration. As a formal ritual for the closing of the week-long feast, Thranduil called forward his four older sons. "We must not keep this new joy to ourselves," the king began, and here all the Elves cheered again. Telepsîr, Thranduil's eldest, knelt before him according to the ceremony, as his father laid his hands on his son's shoulders. "Telepsîr, to Lothlórien." The Crown Prince stood and moved to the side. Next came Laurëfin, second born, and the actions were repeated with him. "Laurëfin, to Imladris." Lindil, Thranduil's third son, knelt before the king. "Lindil, to Gondor, the kingdom of Men." Lastly came Ransûl, no longer the youngest. "And Ransûl, to the Dwarves in Moria." "Now go, my sons, and spread this news of joy to all the realms," Thranduil formally commissioned his sons. The four younger Elves bowed and headed for the stables, leaving within a few minutes with their messages, just as tradition before them had gone. The Elves of Greenwood watched the princes gallop off, the perfect image of nobility. All four seemed almost replicas of each other, with fair hair and features, and silver eyes. Legolas was already promising to look much like them. The elder princes were not in the least bit jealous over all the attention their youngest brother was receiving, as they knew the exact same thing had happened at each of their own births. In fact, they were delighted to have another brother to love on and help raise. Telepsîr would help him in matters of court, Laurëfin would teach him to find beauty in all things and instruct him in the ways of nature, Lindil would teach him poetry and song and the immeasurable value of literature, and Ransûl would most likely train him to be a warrior. Slightly outside the borders of Greenwood, the four brothers parted ways, Telepsîr and Lindil traveling together for a way, Lórien and Gondor being in the same direction; Laurëfin continued west towards the Misty Mountains and Imladris; and Ransûl adjusted his course to a south-west angle to Moria. Though it was already past nightfall, the Greenwood princes continued until dawn, determined to quickly reach their destinations and relay the message of the new prince, so they might sooner return to him. Scene divider! Laurëfin trudged on beside his horse, struggling through the unusually severe weather over Caradhras. He was almost to the peak of the pass over the mountain, and hoped it would be calmer on the other side. The pass over Caradhras cut a significant bit off his journey to Rivendell, and he did not want to have to backtrack and waste time in getting there. Finally, the Elf broke through the bad weather so suddenly it was almost as if he had passed from one side of a wall to the other. He reluctantly shrugged it off, knowing that Nature could be very unpredictable. He gave thanks for the calm weather and made haste to the Last Homely House. Scene divider! When Telepsîr and Lindil reached the Anduin, the elder passed over after bidding each other farewell, continuing at a slightly more westerly direction. Lindil sustained a course almost straight south, to cross the Great River when he got closer to Gondor. Neither brother had any trouble arriving at their destinations, and had soon reached them. Scene divider! Ransûl also had an easy—though rather dull—journey to his goal, Moria. He was spared the trouble of crossing over the Mountains, entering instead by the East Gate. Out of all of Thranduil's sons, Ransûl was the most tolerable of the dark and underground, and had therefore volunteered to be the one to go to the Dwarves. At this time, the animosity that would eventually grow between the Elves and Dwarves had not yet come to pass, and the two races were still considered allies. Therefore, Durin's people welcomed Ransûl with their famed "Dwarven hospitality" and upon learning that he was a prince of Greenwood, he was immediately shown to Durin himself. There, Ransûl regally delivered his message. "A new son born to the Elvenking! This is cause for celebration indeed!" Durin cried. Most anything in those days was cause for celebration to Durin's folk. "Come, my friend, we shall find a gift worthy of the little princeling!" He laughed and led the Elf from the room. Hours were spent showing Ransûl the wonders of the underground mine, including the mithril mines themselves. Finally Durin led him to a great store room, or "treasure chamber" as the Dwarf called it, with myriads of finished products inside, mostly made from mithril . After searching for a short while, Durin produced a small mithril corslet, nearly half the size of what would have fit Ransûl. "For the new prince. He'll grow into it eventually," Durin smiled. It was absolutely beautiful, worthy of the skill of the Dwarves. Its collar was studded with diamonds and sparkling white gemstones, and the jacket itself was of the impenetrable mithril rings. Ransûl thanked him graciously, praising the excellent craftsmanship. "I will have it properly wrapped and secured to your horse," the Dwarf-lord said, beaming at the praise. He called forward a nearby Dwarf and had him carry out the orders. Turning back to the Elf, Durin asked, "Will his highness be staying the night? I plan a feast in the young prince's honor." Ransûl bowed deeply, but replied, "That is most gracious of you, my lord, but I must be on my way home. I am most eager to see my brother again." He smiled at the thought of the little baby. Durin laughed jovially, clapping the Elf on his back. "Ah, I have almost forgotten what it is like to have a child running around." He laughed again. Ransûl followed him out of the great storeroom, the two soon coming to a stone bridge spanning the length of the abyss below. The two paused as a thunderous rumbling was suddenly heard, and several Dwarves came running toward them. "My lord!" cried one to Durin. "We were working on one of the mines above and it collapsed! The whole thing is coming down!" As if on cue, another loud rumbling was heard, and boulder-sized pieces of rock from above, under too much pressure from the cave-in to stay in place, came crashing down right at the opposite end of the bridge from where Ransûl and the Dwarves stood. The miner Dwarves took off running again whiled Durin stood still in surprise. There came another great crack, and Ransûl pushed the Dwarf-lord to the unblocked end of the bridge, not a second too early. Having no time to get back across himself, the Elf could only jump back as another mass of boulders fell in front of him. Eyes widening in disbelief, Ransûl realized he was quite trapped unless he could somehow climb over the giant rocks blocking his path. Before he could do this, however, there was a loud crack as of stone breaking, and he realized with a start that the bridge was collapsing from beneath him. It was not as large or sturdy as most of the other bridges, being rarely used and not built for large loads. Durin had snapped out of his surprise and called to the trapped Elf. "Come on, hurry! We must get out of here!" Ransûl took a hold of the boulder set between him and safety, preparing to climb over, but before he could, the cracking came again, the bridge straining under so much weight. A great rumbling shook the entire cavern, loosening the bridge's last support. It collapsed, taking all upon it down with it. Durin cried out in alarm as the Elf prince and pieces of the bridge fell into the yawning abyss below, soon lost to his sight. Ransûl knew there was nothing to save him now, that he would keep falling and falling until…what? Falling was such an odd sensation, he thought; almost like flying, only downwards and with no control. He had certainly fallen a few times in his long life, from the occasional tree, or when he was an Elfling and was continually jumping off incredible heights and getting injured, worrying his father sick. Ransûl always had been the adventurous one. But he knew that this time there would be no simple recovery. He was doomed to die, and he knew it. Ransûl did not know for how long he fell, but it seemed an eternity, even to an Elf. Yet he refused to cry out, though he much longed too, for he knew it would no good. Falling…falling…falling… He found himself thinking over all the pranks and mischief he had caused, and all the good and bad memories of the past. There was the time he had climbed his first tree, with nearly disastrous results; when he wielded his first sword and almost lopped off Telepsîr's arm, on accident, of course; when he first fired a bow, almost hitting Laurëfin, also an accident; Lindil teaching him how to sing, which he was actually not very good at, to Elven standards; his first hunting trip; the time he got caught outside in a sever rain storm; the first time he had seen snow and had stayed outside playing with it till his fingers were frozen; horseracing with his friends; his father's smile, his mother's embrace, Telepsîr's patience, Laurëfin's laughter, Lindil's songs and poetry, and Legolas's beautiful eyes. Ransûl thought about the future, about how he would not get to see Legolas grow, to see him wield a bow, a sword, never get to hear him sing, or ride a horse, or come home proudly showing off his first hunted game. Legolas would not even remember him. Ransûl felt a small tear slip down his cheek and immediately be pulled away as he still fell. "I am sorry, Legolas." He closed his bright silver eyes and darkness claimed him. Scene divider! Laurëfin smiled as the hidden valley of Imladris finally came into view. Within the hour, he entered the gates of the fair Elven realm, and had a nearby servant send for Lord Elrond. In no time Elrond appeared with his wife Celebrían and greeted him formerly. Laurëfin dismounted and responded likewise. "Lord Elrond, my lady Celebrían, I bring a message from my father, King Thranduil." He smiled excitedly. "The King wishes his allies to know of a great happening in the Greenwood—the birth of a new prince to the Royal Family." The Lord and Lady of Imladris congratulated Laurëfin; although having no children of their own yet, they were still happy for the King. "And what is the name of the little prince?" Celebrían asked. "Legolas,"