DISCLAIMER: I do not own Harry Potter, nor do I own any other characters in J.K. Rowling's original series. I merely am here to demonstrate a different approach to the plot, characters, and overall experience in the world of witchcraft and wizardry. Author's Note: I'd like to start off by saying hello to my old fans, since I know a lot of you have been looking forward to the Forbidden Necessities sequel. Well, it's finally here! Updates for this story may be a bit delayed due to my full-time job now. As for those of you who are new to this whole series, welcome! I do recommend you read the first story, which is Forbidden Necessities (you can reach it by going to my profile), since this is the sequel to that story. However, this story isn't completely impossible to read if you haven't read the first story – it's just recommended. I won't delay this anymore. I really appreciate you all being so patient and supportive for me to get writing this. As always, I appreciate feedback from you guys in the form of a review, and you can reach me through my email as well (on my profile). I really hope you guys like this, and I'm excited to get back into writing on here! Chapter One Star Crossed Lovers It took Hermione Granger three hours to travel on foot from her home in London to reach this bar. Perhaps if the sudden snowfall hadn't caused her to take different paths, she would have reached it within an hour, and she refused to Apparate in the presence of Muggles. Her only reasoning for that was the fact she had caused a ninety-year-old woman to have a heart attack and then be placed in a psychiatric ward when she tried to explain how she had watched a woman just disappear in front of her eyes. The bar was a dim, untidy one that had an odour which caused Hermione to cover her nose upon entrance. There was a homeless Muggle perched at the bar with a beer bottle in his hand, half of his body slumped off the stool and the other half just barely staying on. Grimacing, Hermione approached the bum and lifted him under his arms, steadying him back on the bar stool. "Er... thanks," he muttered, sniffing at the neck of his beer bottle. "You're welcome." Hermione grimaced as she realized her hands were damp from the sweat of the bum's arm pits. She hurriedly wiped them off on the back of her cloak and glanced around the bar before walking over to a lit booth that rested against the far wall. She shrugged her royal blue cloak off her shoulders and folded it neatly to rest beside her in the booth. "Can I help you?" A waitress, who was wearing tiny black denim shorts (despite the cold weather outside), a see-through white tank top (no bra), and far too much make-up for any human being looked rather bored as she rested against the side of Hermione's booth, ready to take an order. Hermione shook her head to clear her head. "Can I get chips and any red wine you have would be nice," she replied. The waitress rolled her shoulders back before turning to leave, smacking a huge wad of gum between her teeth as she slinked behind the bar. Hermione rested her hands on the table, examining the glistening diamond ring that perched on her ring finger. She examined the sparkle that even the dimmest light in the bar gave the three carat diamond, and how it reflected her matured features in its white gold band as she spun it around her finger. Her light brown hair had grown significantly, where it hung down her back in very natural looking waves. Her dark brown eyes were not framed with wrinkles yet, and she wore only mascara and a light pink lipstick. She wore a black lace shirt over a white T-shirt and dark jeans tucked into ankle boots, clearly looking more dressed up than anyone else in the bar. Hermione was surprised that he hadn't arrived yet, considering she had been an hour and a half late. Five years had passed since Hermione left Hogwarts. She had found herself a very fulfilling career in the Ministry of Magic as the head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. She traveled to work every day with her two oldest friends, Harry Potter and Ron Weasley – both who had become Aurors, and lived in a quaint little home on the opposite side of London, two streets away from Harry and Ginny. She had no real hobbies when she was not working, apart from reading and going out with Ginny and Luna Lovegood every now and then. Other than that, Hermione had kept herself closed off from the rest of the world – for multiple reasons. One of these reasons being the human being she was waiting for right then. The waitress returned ten minutes later with a basket of chips and a wine glass filled with a ruby red wine, which was not one of the greatest that she had tasted. Hermione picked at a few chips between sips, glancing around the bar to make sure she hadn't missed him yet. However, his very recognizable face was nowhere to be seen in the bar. About twenty minutes after receiving her second glass of wine, the bell above the door to the bar chimed and Hermione lifted her eyes to see a familiar face, the one she had been waiting for. She couldn't hide back the wide smile that spread across her lips as he approached her booth, his jacket snow-dusted and slung over his arm. "I'm sorry I'm late," he said softly, bending down to place a gentle kiss on Hermione's beaming smile. "I got caught up in my work, and I didn't realize the time." "I was two hours late as it was, so it's fine. I'm just glad you're here." She reached across the table to take hold of his hand, the hand that had a white gold engagement band over his ring finger. His hand was pale beneath her warm toned skin, and he smiled up at her in return. The waitress came over to the table once more, which allowed him to order a Guinness. He reached up and combed his finger through his blonde hair, grinning over at Hermione the whole time. "God, you are so beautiful, Hermione," he murmured, taking both of her hands in his. "How did I ever get so lucky to be engaged to you?" Hermione grinned. "It wouldn't have happened if you hadn't asked me," she replied. The two were interrupted once more by the waitress, who slid the Guinness in front of him slowly. Just as she was turning to head back to the bar, she paused and did a double take of his face. "Aren't you..." she started, her eyes wide. "Yes, I am." He laughed and tucked a lock of stray hair behind his ear, trying to play it cool that he had been recognized out in public once more. "Oh my God!" the waitress squealed, wiping her hands off on her shorts. "I have read all your books, listened to all your audio books. Can I get a picture with you?" He glanced over at Hermione, who smiled before he nodded and stood up. The waitress called over the bartender, a thick, muscular man with a handlebar moustache and at least five visible tattoos. He took the waitress' mobile phone out of her hand and took a picture of the two standing together, his arm wrapped around her waist and her arms both wrapped firmly around his neck. "I am such a huge fan! Can you sign this?" She handed over a dirty napkin and a pen that she had stuffed into one of her pockets. He modestly took the pen and napkin and swirled his signature on the napkin before handing it back to the waitress, who hurried off with an enormous grin on her face. He sighed and slid back into his seat, shaking his head. "Can we go anywhere without you having a million fan girls after you? You'd think you were Justin Bieber or something with the kind of commotion you get wherever you are," Hermione remarked. He smirked and winked at her. "I can't help it that I've sold 50 million copies each of every single book I've written," he said. "My mother didn't believe me the day I told her I was marrying you," Hermione said with a laugh. "She said it must have been some kind of joke, but I swore on my life." He wiped his hands off on the legs of his pants and laughed. "Even your mother is a fan girl." An hour had passed with the two of them sitting there, enjoying the company of one another, when the bell above the door chimed again. No one paid attention to the man who had walked in, yet Hermione gave a side glance as he began to walk past their booth. Her heart stopped and sank into the pit of her stomach. Composing herself and maintaining the smile on her face so that he wouldn't see the reaction the man had given her, Hermione cleared her throat lightly and took another sip of red wine. That's when the man turned his head in her direction. "Hermione?" The man asked in a voice so cool and collected that her body trembled to hear him say her name again. "Draco." She smiled and lifted herself from the booth to stand in front of him. He looked better than she had remembered. His white-blonde hair was swept back and held in place with hair spray, keeping it out of his cool grey eyes. He wore a business suit underneath a black cloak, which swept around his feet on the floor. Draco Malfoy paused before smiling back, reaching forward to give her a very tense hug. His chin rested on her shoulder and his own heart sank as he saw the man she was sitting with. Hermione pulled back. "It's great to see you. You look good," she said, her voice quivering with emotion. "You look great." Draco studied the expression on Hermione's face, his grey eyes searching deep into the depths of her own chocolate brown. He had to pull himself together and remove his eyes from hers when the man from the booth stood up and rested his hand on Hermione's hip. "I don't think we've been introduced," he said, extending a hand to Draco. "I'm Austin Braves." Draco took the hand and widened his eyes. "The author?" he asked. Austin grinned a bright, white smile. "The very same. And who might you be?" "Draco Malfoy." He shook Austin's hand quickly and dropped it, returning his gaze to Hermione. "Austin is my fiancé," she explained, her voice quiet and her eyes remaining at Draco's chest rather than at his face. She couldn't bring herself to look him in the eyes. "And Draco is a friend I went to school with, Austin." "Fantastic! A friend of Hermione's is a friend of mine," Austin said with a bright laugh, reaching over to clap Draco on the shoulder. "Why don't you sit and have a drink with us?" "Oh, well..." Draco hesitated and glanced over at Hermione, who was gently chewing on her lower lip. The sight made him tremble, but he pulled it off as being cold. "I guess I could." Austin slid into the booth once more and Hermione took the seat next to him, leaving Draco to sit across from the two. Draco couldn't help but notice how ridiculously charming and handsome Austin Braves was. His hair was golden blonde with light blonde highlights, his skin pale yet dewy, his eyes bright green and a dusting of dark blonde facial hair over his