" Take care of me, alright?" she murmurs in a voice that's impossibly small, young. And I think, Of course. Until my last breath. - Peeta recalls the years leading up to the night in which they finally come together, in which the Girl on Fire ignites his world. Everlark smut. Post-Mockingjay, canon. I am here, and so is she. It settles like a dream, like a miracle of some sort, but this is real. Or so she tells me. (I pinch myself, but nothing happens.) The pallid light from the moon, full and intrepid, torrents heedlessly through our open window—it drapes over her thin silhouette as she remains still at the edge of the bed. Taciturn, resolved, beautiful. As always. A thin sheet is wrapped around her waist, but that is all; as I lie beside her, I study the contours of her spine, memorizing every inch of the planes of her skin as if she is a map, and I am her explorer. In this glow, her skin feigns as stone, like marble; the only proof she's not a statue resides in the very slight rise and fall of her shoulders as she breathes. My fingers tingle as I ache to touch her, to feel that shimmering skin of hers, that incandescent warmth. But I know better. I need to be patient for her, to allow her to dictate the procession of events tonight. We will do this on her terms. By this stage in our relationship, patience is hardly a challenge. I've waited for thirteen years for her, pining after her from afar, hoping she'd somehow recognize my existence. And just when I thought the waiting might cease, the Hunger Games capsized my grasp on reality, the Quarter Quell shattering it even further, the revolution, the war. They all tore through my truths ruthlessly, tossing everything in the air. And suddenly we were back to where we began. We've spent the past year picking up the scattered pieces of what remains of our integrity, of our will. That is no hasty progress. None of this has been quick, really. But that's okay. I would wait a thousand years for this girl—this woman —even if it didn't guarantee a night like this. I promised her I would stay with her, always, until the sun stopped rising, until the stars overhead came falling to the earth. With Katniss, I promise a forever. Our forever began on a day about thirteen years ago. I was seated amongst a few of my friends at an assembly when we were all asked if we knew the valley song; the first hand to shoot up was aggressive, was proud, was confident. It belonged to a tiny girl with a red dress and two delicate braids so dark and plush they could put the night sky to shame. When she began to sing, her charming melody swelling through the room, that's when I knew I had to be with her someday. That was a decision I would never come to repeal—I resolved that I would not stop pursuing her until after my last breath had already been expelled. Some may believe in love at first sight, while some may not. Maybe I put more faith in "love at first song," but nevertheless, after that day, I knew that everything had changed. Her voice had stopped my world from spinning. I would do anything for the girl in the red dress; I would hike mountains, swim oceans, traverse deserts. All for her, only for her. Maybe I never had any literal mountains to conquer, but my pursuit of her was certainly never luxurious in nature. To begin with, Katniss Everdeen was a girl from the Seam; although a naïve five-year-old mind couldn't comprehend the significance of her background, my mother certainly could. The first memorable day that Mr. Everdeen came to the bakery with his eldest daughter on his arm, Mom must've seen the way I watched her from behind the veil of a corner. She'd screeched at me for hours that night. Seam girls are dirty, Peeta. They are worthless. A merchant boy can never be friends with a Seam girl. It wasn't until several years later that the entire concept of class warfare and social stratification began to make any sense at all, but by then, whatever I felt for Katniss had grown and morphed into some unconquerable beast. Not even the handle of my mother's rolling pin, nor the bruises that resulted, could defeat it. Although it would never be directed at me, her smile could flip my world upside-down, her silver eyes stealing the air from my lungs. Surely, the love I feel for her now , after all we've been through, is far different and far more illustrious than the platonic desire I felt for her as an innocent ten-year-old, but the fundamentals haven't changed. Proceedings passed in a relatively unexciting system of events; once or even twice a week, Katniss would come visit the bakery with her father, and I would always busy myself somehow around the lobby while maintaining my silence. I was a fool for believing that maybe, magically, the fairly reclusive Katniss would strike up a conversation with me , as I was too shy to begin one of my own. But whatever scenarios I invented in my head were never afforded the opportunity of daylight. The world revolved fairly evenly with no major anomalies until the mining accident happened and Katniss lost her father. That was the day the birds stopped singing. I recall begging my father for some sort of gift, maybe even just a basket of day-old loaves that I could bring to her family. Even my gentle father couldn't cave; with my mother so nearby, he knew this intended act of kindness could end awfully for the both of us. So I kept my distance, and I allowed her and her family to suffer despite how violently it tore me up on the inside. She was my everything, but I couldn't help her. That was, until one particularly bitter morning, when the sun was hiding behind the thick film of clouds overhead. I was in the kitchen with my mother when I glanced out the window and saw her. I saw Katniss Everdeen, one of the most resilient, courageous people I've ever come to know… and she was hunched over a trash can, weakly scavenging through the bin in search for food. Probably for her family. Unfortunately, I hadn't been the only one to see her; my mother caught her sifting through the garbage and immediately ran out into the rain to shoo her away. Like she was nothing more than a street rat. I bowed behind her in the doorway, watching in horror. My heart wrenched, my stomach twisting painfully, and I determined that I couldn't just sit there anymore, permitting her destitution. So before my mother came back inside, I took a loaf, and then a second, allowing them to simmer in the open flame for several seconds. Just as she was about to return, I pulled them out and then set them on the rack, blackened and charred from the fire. It didn't take long for her to notice, or for her face to darken, for her hand to raise. Needless to say, that stands out as the one set of bruises I am still proud of even today. I would do it all over again if given the chance. When my mother commanded me to toss the loaves out back, as they were ruined, I realized my impulsive plan had succeeded. Her rolling pin came down on me a final time, leaving a stinging, tender welt over my forehead as I stumbled through the back door and into the hazy air outside. The two loaves in my hand, I remember, had felt like they weighed a thousand pounds in my calloused palms. My eyes flickered over to where Katniss had curled up underneath a tree, defeated and desperate. As I took another step closer, her face raised and her eyes locked with mine, and the exchange alone had frightened me enough to bring me to anxiously toss the first loaf out at her. My heart had been beating like a hummingbird's wings, rapid and untamed. Looking back on it, I wish I would've followed through and carried the loaves all the way out to her, but my restless eleven-year-old soul had other plans. We upheld little interaction after that, until we were both reaped, together, ordained to die as monsters. But instead, we emerged, together , with not only our lives but a spark of the one thing I'd dreamed of for so long. Of course, her manners in the games had been predominantly for show, for survival, which was crushing to discover, but I only had so much time to sulk before fate had its own ironic way of bringing us together again in the form of a Quarter Quell. This time, only one could survive. And that tribute had to be her. Since the day she sung the valley song, the day she flipped my entire world upside-down, I knew she had to be my future. And if she were to die, then I would lose my purpose. After all we'd been through, at that stage, living without her was not an option. When she kissed me in that arena, on the beach in that provisionally peaceful morning, something behind her lips had promised me so much more than she ever had before, solidifying my conviction. I need you , I recall her murmuring in her lyrical timbre. Even now, when I think of that moment, she still gives me goose bumps. At that time, we were seventeen, and I was misguided into believing that all of my patience, all my years of anticipation, were coming to a close. And I was happy. (Well, as happy as a teenager can be when he's facing his expiration date.) Miraculously, that arena did not bear my mortality, but what I had coming was fairly close. When I was taken by the Capitol, tortured in a way worse than death itself… they made me hate Katniss Everdeen, the girl that I had loved for over a decade, the girl that I had been willing to give up my own life for. And when I was rescued, for the first time, it was Katniss's turn to do the waiting. She waited for me to remember her in ways that the doctors predicted I never could. Even though I haven't fully recovered, as I still have episodes, my memories of Katniss are unblemished on good days. Although I must be patient with her too, nowadays, as the war took a piece of her down with it in the same way the Capitol had divided me. Some nights, we wake to the shrill sounds of her screams; some mornings, she can hardly pull herself from bed. On those days, I'll bring her a steaming mug of tea, or wind myself around her underneath the sheets and whisper kisses all over her aching body. Now, I suppose, we have both mastered patience to an extent we never would've dreamt we could. Every day, we tolerantly shepherd each other through dark spells. This process seems endless some mornings, but most of the time, I am content with it. I am with Katniss; that is all that matters. Time is abundant in Twelve—so, no, patience is hardly a struggle anymore. That's why, as I lie here, halfway across the bed from the girl who holds my world in her tiny hands, I don't mind waiting. I watch her shoulders shift as she lifts a palm to her face. Even in the inadequate lighting, I begin to notice that she is trembling slightly. Very unhurriedly, I pull myself up, reallocating my body so that I'm sitting right behind her. My palm delicately raises in the cool