What was intended to be a short drabble on Tumblr accidentally evolved into a nearly 12k-word one-shot. Oops. Summary: In a Panem without the Games, Katniss does whatever she can to ensure her sister's survival, even if it means selling herself to the Capitol. Slight Age-Gap!Everlark with a little bit of smut sprinkled in. 1. The Auction Standing on the platform, my hands clasped behind my back and my eyes pinned to the floor, I've never felt so much like a caged animal. There's men in the balcony, shadows cast over their seats so I can't see them. But they can see me , which I suppose is all that matters. They're the clientele. This is their decision. I swallow down the bile that bubbles in my throat, reminding myself that this is for Prim , that this is the only way to keep her safe. Had I not chosen to come here, to the Capitol, she'd be withering away on our lumpy joint mattress back home instead of in school. Prim deserves the world on a silver platter, but the world isn't cheap, and someone's got to pay the bills. The host – although he's really just an auctioneer – is a short man with blindingly white teeth, and he announces me to the patrons, listing off my assets like I'm nothing more than an antique chair. Katniss Everdeen. Eighteen years old. One hundred and five pounds. Brown hair. Grey eyes. And then – I choke back the acid in my mouth – a virgin. Here in the Capitol, you see, the people are civilized , and so while flat-out prostitution is frowned upon, auctioning off brides is perfectly genteel. The clients offer a monthly fee for the poor victim, which can be either directly pocketed or wired back home. The latter is a much more popular option, considering most of the people who are offering themselves up for contracted spouse-hood are only doing so out of necessity, so that their families can have food on the table, so that brothers and sisters and parents won't starve. I only disclosed that last piece of information because I knew it'd heighten the going rate. Prim needs as much help as she can get, and if it means flaunting my virginity in front of a crowd of vulgar men, then so be it. Still, the vulnerability is crippling; my skin feels like one continuous sheet of ice with fire blazing beneath the surface, and my stomach lurches painfully as the faceless men begin to punch in their offers. Who will he be? An old fuck who comes to the auction whenever he grows bored with the last wife? He could be abusive, manipulative, controlling, and revolting in every manner. And my consent means nothing. Which the director of this gig – a middle-aged man with broad shoulders and a deceivingly unthreatening face – made clear to me and the others. Once our sloppy signatures were penned on the line, we officially became property of him, and therefore property of whoever offered the highest sum. Fifty percent goes to him, fifty percent goes to us. Leading up to being herded on the viewing platform, I was in the dark regarding what to expect. Blindingly white lights drilling over my body? Yes. But skin-prickling silence? Not so much. And before I even realize it's begun, I'm being hassled off the stage, claiming that bidding has terminated. I didn't even get to hear the man's voice. Now, I'm clueless as to what I'm getting into. Sweat pebbles at the skin on my forehead as a woman with a nauseatingly orange afro ushers me down the hall. She lectures me on how I'm supposed to behave, on what the repercussions are if I am to step out of line. But there's nothing about the man, or, more importantly, nothing about the money. She dumps me in a small room, the walls painted blue. This is where I'm to meet him, the woman says, before slamming the door behind her and leaving me to the suffocating void. A chair and a sofa dominate the center, facing each other, and I seat myself in the armchair, gripping the fabric in hopes that it'll stop my head from spinning so violently. I'm about to pass out form the vertigo when there's a soft knock on the door, one that spikes my anticipation while, oddly, settling my nerves a little. A knock. That's got to be significant, right? The man didn't just barge in here to collect me like recently-purchased furniture. I keep my lips sealed, and after a few moments, the sound of the door splitting from the frame echoes through the room, and I'm suddenly staring at my shoes, afraid to look. "K-Katniss Everdeen?" His voice wavers, gentle and questioning, and my lungs contract. I give the stranger a slight nod, still not allowing myself to peek. I hear him amble over toward the sofa – and how could I not? His slightly uneven footsteps are fucking earth-shattering – and he pauses behind the back. Through my peripheries, I can see his hands grasp the edge of the couch. Hands. Big hands. Big, pale, slightly calloused hands. But not wrinkly. Young, wide hands. "Katniss, I—" I can hear him swallow as he rounds the sofa, standing in the space between the furniture. I focus on his shoes, which are ugly black things with a slight stain on the side. Is that… dough? I finally muster the courage to snap my gaze up, and the moment I do so, an invisible freight train punches every last ounce of air from my lungs. Before me stands the exact antithesis of the man I'd expected when I was first contracted to do this. Instead of narrow, cunning features and putty-like, old skin, before me stands a young, broad-shouldered man with kind eyes and a jawline that looks like it's been carved from fucking marble. With a soft-looking mess of golden curls, and eyes more blue than the ocean and the sky and these walls combined, topped with a nearly guilty smile, there's absolutely nothing intimidating about him. But, my instinctual suspiciousness overwhelm my urge to relax, because whoever this man is, he bought me. He may not look sleazy from the get-go, but how am I to trust a man who'd rather own a wife than find one through traditional means? There has to be something wrong with him. He's got to be in his mid- or late-twenties, which is hardly old at all. And he's handsome, despite my reluctance to admit this. So why is he here ? I find myself scowling at the stranger despite my inner pleas to keep my face blank. "Who are you?" I ask in a flash of audacity. He startles a little at my expression, and then clasps his hands together nervously, twisting his fingers together. "I—I'm, uh, my name's Peeta Mellark." 2. The Bakery We've hardly spoken since we left the amphitheater, the car ride through the grid-like Capitol streets painfully quiet. Although, I suppose it could be much worse. I still don't want to trust him, because there must be something horribly off that I've yet to discover, but for now, I'm glad I'm safe. We park in the street in front of a small, cream-colored building wedged in between two high-rise lofts, the slightly faded red of the awning over the building's window mysteriously comforting. Over the fabric, Mellark's Bakery is scrawled in an ornate cursive lettering. "We'll live upstairs," he says quietly, offering me a shy smile. I don't know what I'd expected – some sickeningly upscale mansion that'd give me reason to hate him for his extravagance, maybe – but this calms me a little more, my heartrate slowing from its fatal pace. I nod, and we exit the car. He lets me lead him into the bakery, and I stiffen at the touch of his hand as he ghosts it over the small of my back, in the same way a man would while walking with his lover. The gesture is oddly intimate, but it feels so off with its good intentions. He notices my rigidity, and pockets his hands, electing to not say anything. The lights in the lobby of the bakery are shut off, as he must've closed the business for the day, but he lets them flicker on when we enter. The warmth of the place immediately coaxes me deeper into the room, the smell of cinnamon and yeast tingling in my starving bones. I wonder if he'll let me eat here. When was the last actual meal I had? "If you don't mind, it'd be nice if you could help me out around here when we're open." His voice crackles in the silence, and it makes me jolt in surprise. I turn to face him; he's scratching the back of his neck, as if he's intimidated by me . Shouldn't it be the other way around? "I mean, if you're not comfortable with the baking, you can always just work the register. It's just… I could use a hand." My returning scowl seems to startle him. "You bought me, Mr. Mellark. You don't have to ask ." He's obviously shocked by my harshness, and with a frown, he lets his gaze plummet to the floor. "I, uh—you can call me Peeta, you know," he says lamely. Every nerve ending in my body quivers with the command to ease up, but I can't bring myself to do so. I don't understand Peeta's motives, and until I do, I can't let him in. Growing up in a district where nearly everyone lived in poverty, and hope got us nowhere, I learned that trust is a useless thing. 3. The Bedroom(s) "You can sleep in here," he says as we stand in the doorway of the main bedroom. My fingers start to toy with my braid absentmindedly, which is a nervous habit, but I can't help it as I turn to face him. "What do you mean, me ?" Color flowers in his cheeks, and he points to the end of the hall where a set of crooked steps leads up to a small loft. "I'll be up there." Some strange, foreign sensation claws at my chest, something resembling a confused anger. "I'm—I'm not sleeping with you?" His eyes widen, and he actually has the audacity to look startled , like I've made some ridiculous assumption that the man who bought me as his bride would actually arrange for us to sleep in the same bed. "I—I don't want to make you do anything you're not comfortable with," he fumbles, looking so flustered I'd be amused if I weren't already so bewildered. "You paid money for me, Mr. Mellark." "Peeta," he insists. I feel my jaw tensing. "Please excuse me for being so confused, but what the hell is going on?" "Look, I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be doing here," he admits, his voice cracking. "I—I don't want you to hate me, okay? I want things to be good between us." I'm your property. Things don't need to be "good . " My thoughts must be at least somewhat evident in my expression, because he runs his fingers through his hair, like he doesn't know how to transcribe his thoughts into coherent sentences. And then, without so much as an explanation, he turns on his heels and plods downstairs to the bakery. 4. The Meal We eat silently at the table in the extension of the bakery's kitchen, the only sound in the room echoing from our cutlery clinking against our plates. Even though this is my first whole meal in ages, I can barely force more than half of my casserole down, despite how wonderful it tastes. Well, at least I'll be well-fed, even if the surprisingly-talented cook and I remain at a perpetual impasse for the rest of our indefinite union. What