Description: In the wake of an abusive relationship, Katniss Everdeen struggles to find her voice and her self-worth in the company of a certain blonde baker who deserves everything she's too broken to provide. Inspired by but loosely based on Bon Iver's "Skinny Love." Rated 'M' for lemons/adult themes/language. Everlark one-shot. This idea has been floating around in the back of my mind for months now, and finally, I've had the time to put it into words. The topic itself is fairly heavy, dealing with abuse and other mature themes, so please be aware of that when reading. (It is rated 'M' for a reason.) This one-shot is anything but lighthearted, even if it does end on a hopeful note. Quick shout-out to SFCBruce for ironing out the wrinkles in this tale! :) *Also, this fic isn't very nice to Gale. At all. I don't personally have a vendetta against his character, but for this story I took some very drastic artistic liberties with him, so Gale fans… my deepest condolences. Disclaimer: I own nothing pertaining to or surrounding the elements of the Hunger Games trilogy, or Bon Iver's 'Skinny Love.' Skinny Love Her love is almost as withered as she, starved for redemption, wilting to nothing but skin and bone when she meets him. The boy is the sunlight to her rain, the smile to her grimace, the melody to her silence; he is everything she is not, and everything she was once before , and everything she wants to become again. He tells her his name, Peeta Mellark , and even the syllables sound like a warm blanket beside a fireplace. She wants to wrap herself in his voice, in him , to hopefully bring some heat to these arctic bones of hers. It's a sweltering afternoon in the crux of July, and she's still shivering. She's always shivering now. She's standing inside the bakery she passes every day on her way to work—she's been entranced by the cozy fragrance of rising dough every time she's floated down this congested Manhattan street, unsure of what roped her into the place today of all days, but she's glad she came. She has nothing more than a few coins in her back pocket that'll probably not even be enough for a scone, but just drinking in the aroma of the place fills her empty belly. She's eyeing the cupcakes behind the glass when the boy—the man —with the floppy golden hair and sapphires for eyes aligns with her. He stretches out a hand over the counter and introduces himself. She wonders if he does this with every customer. She takes his large, calloused baker's hand in his and shakes it, the heat from his skin lacing around hers like ribbons of butter. She doesn't want to let go, and she's surprised when he's hesitant to pull away, too. "I'm Katniss," she replies softly, and he smiles. "What can I get for you today?" She lifts a hand to motion to the strawberry danish in the corner of the display case, but she stops herself, her cheeks flaming a violent scarlet. "I'm just looking." She figures that's a safe response. He cocks an eyebrow, and she finds herself accidentally tacking on, "I don't think I have enough money for any of this." When she looks up to him, his wide blue orbs are raking her in, flooded with sympathy, which makes her stomach clench. She doesn't need pity. Not from him, not from anyone. Without saying a word, his wide fingers clasp for a small square of wax paper, and he dips his hand inside the glass case, digits curling around the curve of the danish. He hands it to her with a bright smile colored over his lips, and despite the growling in her belly, she takes a step away. "I don't need your charity," she tells him, a little more defensively than planned. He surprises her by extending his arm further, lifting a golden brow. "It's not charity. It's a baker giving a pastry to a pretty girl." Her eyes lower, her blush deepening. There's no way he thinks you're pretty, Katniss. She was skeletal, comprised of all sharp angles and harsh edges, her dark hair pulled into a disheveled braid, silver eyes sunken in, olive skin pallid, sallow, stretched in all the wrong places. She tells him, "I can't repay you." Shock pulses through her veins when she hears the boy counter this with a light chuckle; good-natured, yes, but certainly unexpected. "How about you, Miss Katniss, come back to the bakery at five o'clock tomorrow evening so I can take you out? If you're so concerned with compensation, that'll do." She notices that when he smiles, a dimple caves into his left cheek, and she thinks it's adorable. Her frail fingers cross as she presses her palm to her morbidly flat belly, her stomach rippling with hunger—for the pastry and the affection—but she shakes her head. "I don't think you want to do that, Mr. Mellark. I've got too much baggage." He responds before she even has time to blink. "Not to brag or anything, but I can lift a hundred-pound bag of flour. I think I can handle the baggage." His voice is buoyant, his smile unfaltering, blue eyes lacking even a hint of suspicion. Understanding that the boy is impossibly persistent, she hesitantly opens her hands, and he gently sets the danish into her palms. She doesn't know what on earth would possess the baker to trust her and she wants to admit that he's made a horrible mistake. She's hardly someone he should dare to get involved with—not when she's in the state she is. Yet, somehow, she finds herself curled up on a bench outside the bakery the following evening, wearing a knit cardigan to conceal her bony figure despite the heat swimming from the concrete. Not that she can feel it, anyway. It could be winter, for all she knew. He's sporting a baby blue polo that has a streak of dried dough on the sleeve, and he has a bit of flour in his hair, and it makes her smile. It makes him real, genuine, and she can't remember the last time she experienced anything truly authentic. He offers to take her to a restaurant, but once the anxiety flashes in her silver eyes—eating with him would exhibit just how starving she truly is, and she'll do anything to evade his sympathy—he quickly recovers and suggests they take a walk, which is easy enough. It's with activities as plain as this in which Katniss is in her element, because it's simple, and normal , and she'd give anything to revert back to simplicity and normality. She's been living in a whirlwind of pandemonium for months now, ever since her breakup—well, it truly started long before her breakup, but dissecting the petty details tears her apart all over again, so she tries to avoid thinking them over—and just taking a walk with the baker boy practically makes her feel human again. She discovers almost immediately that she's fond of Peeta Mellark. He's easy to like, his smile is contagious; he is kind and intelligent and genuinely good and is probably a superhero in disguise. He distracts her for the evening, yanking her from the toxic thoughts that have been suffocating her for months, which is simple for him because he is nothing like her previous lover. He is gentle, talkative but still perceptive, and he makes her feel important. He is not violent, or sarcastic, or obsessed with holding power over the situation, over her . She wonders if he's even familiar with the feeling of anger. Probably not, she reckons. She hardly speaks, allowing him to tell her all about him—his father owns the bakery, he wrestled in high school and college, he needs his shoelaces double-knotted, he loves the pale orange hue of a sunset—without giving him much information on herself. He asks her questions, but she consistently has either short or no answer to donate in response. She's boring. She's wasting away. She's tired all the time. What more is there to tell? She considers their date—could it even be called that?—a success, and judging by his eagerness to plan a second outing with her, he must think so, too. But, although she doesn't reject him, she's hesitant to arrange another engagement. When they arrive at the bakery, over which rests a loft in which Peeta stays, she gives him her phone number and quickly pulls away. His fingers catch on her arm, however, and in the first insistent gesture he's made the entire evening, he brings her back to him so he can press a gentle kiss to her cheek. When she walks away, she finds herself stunned by the kiss, by his behavior, by him … can he even be real? She can't remember a time in which a guy was genuinely interested in her , not what she had to offer physically. She hasn't received a kiss on the cheek in years. Hungry, possessive ones to her mouth, her throat, her breasts, but not something so innocent as what Peeta had given her. When she returns to her measly excuse of an apartment, she curls up on the creaky mattress that lies crooked over her cluttered floor, bringing her knees to her chest and emptying her sobs into the comforter. She doesn't deserve Peeta. The blonde-hair, blue-eyed boy is literally a shard of sunshine, possibly a shooting star that magically landed in Manhattan. He is noble, benevolent, whole ; she is worthless, wasted, broken. Her old lover had chewed her up for years before spitting her out again, leaving her crumpled and pathetic. Yet somehow, this golden boy waltzed into her life, presenting a new promise of hope that she had forgotten existed, and he deserved everything in the world , and she could give him nothing. She would break him, too, just as her old lover had shattered her. She'd wasted her love on the man before and had none left to give Peeta. He sends her a text message at twilight to bid her goodnight, and it causes her to sob all over again, because the last man had never once been so thoughtful. He'd yank down her pajama bottoms and force himself inside of her, and when he was finished, he'd shift away from her and fall asleep without so much as a single sentence. Sometimes, she'd be pathetic enough to tell him she loved him, and all he'd grunt back would be an irritated, "Yeah." She falls asleep counting the times her old partner told her he loved her. It couldn't have been more than a dozen. She used to think it was the most romantic thing in the world when he did, that he only reserved it for their most intimate moments, but she recalls that the only time he'd say the words was after he'd left bruises on her arms or her thighs, or a splotchy red mark on her cheek. He'd hold her to him and promise that he loved her, that she was his girl , that he would be nothing if she left him. Those words had made her love him more, because she thought they were real. Sometimes, in the middle of the night, she still wonders if they were. She finds that, on her way to work, she can no longer pass the bakery without being drawn in through its doors. She never has the money to buy anything, and she refuses to accept the pastries Peeta tries to gift her; she goes specifically to see him. It's safest this way. She can make him happy without fully committing to a date and she can leave whenever she likes. Whenever she needs. She never thought happiness could foster so much ache. After several weeks have flown by, he invites her to a bar one night,