In honor of the ongoing CWS, I've written a little Everlark one-shot about love and baseball and fun things like that. I'm from Omaha, which is the home of the CWS, and I do watch a little baseball with my dad, so my knowledge pool isn't totally dry when it comes to this topic, but I did take some artistic liberties with the fic anyway! So, if you're looking for some summer-ish, frothy Everlark… happy readings! **6/22/15 I did some pretty heavy revisions on this chapter. While the overall content is the same, I altered conversations and chopped up some of Katniss's obnoxiously long monologues. Hopefully it's all easier to swallow now. Katniss doesn't know what she's doing here. She doesn't understand baseball, or even like it, to be perfectly realistic. But her friend, Johanna Mason, had offered up an extra ticket the night before, and since Katniss had no legitimate excuse to stay pent up in her mother's house for the entire afternoon, she tentatively accepted. So now she's perched in a blue plastic seat, her knees tucked into her chest. Her eyes narrow as they scan the tidal waves of sunburnt, t-shirt-bearing superfans for whatever teams are playing. She yawns. She couldn't care less. "Try to tone down the excitement," Johanna jokes as she leans over across the arm rest. Katniss doesn't even bother tilting her head to look at her friend. "I'm here, aren't I? That's a miracle of its own." "You could at least show some appreciation." She folds her arms across her chest. "To begin with, these are really nice seats. We're in the shade, and we're behind home plate, meaning we get a nice… view. Baseball pants do work wonders, don't they?" Katniss manages to pipe out a short laugh. "Is that why you're here? Why you dragged me here? To stare at asses all day?" "I'm a Vanderbilt fan, what can I say?" She shrugs indifferently, but she pointedly avoids the latter half of the question. Katniss slumps deeper into her chair, her focus fixed on the next batter who saunters up to the plate. His purple jersey does little to hide the corded muscles of his arms, his skin so sun-kissed that she briefly wonders if he's actually a bronze figurine. She isn't going to waste her breath denying that the baseballer species is just generally attractive. She's a twenty-year-old single college student, so she's surely not unfamiliar with the effects of hormones. But for no reason will she ever admit this to Johanna. She prefers avoiding her friend's harassment at all costs. Besides, she's just never been as lust-driven as her colleagues. She doesn't know if something's wrong with her, or if it's simply that she's never met the person to turn on all of her switches. She doesn't suppose it matters. So instead, she searches for something to apply her natural cynicism to, and her eyes flicker up to the massive screen over right field, just as the name Finnick Odair scrolls across the bottom. She crinkles up her nose. "What kind of name is that?" she sneers, her fingers slipping around the condensation-chilled exterior of her drink. Johanna laughs. "Dude, there's a lot of weird names on TCU's roster. Texas parents should stop trying to be so creative. I saw the names 'Marvel' and 'Blight' earlier, and then there was one that was a type of bread or something… Pumpernickel, maybe? Poor kid." Katniss nearly chokes on her Pepsi. "Oh my god. " "But, I can't rag on the parents too much. I swear, every single kid on that team is beautiful. It's like they've popped up straight from a GQ magazine. Or a porno." A sly smirk crosses her lips. "I'd be okay with the latter of the two." Katniss chokes a little but refuses to react otherwise, returning her attention to the bronze god squared at the plate. She watches him swing and laughs when he misses. Even before she walked into this ballpark, she decided that since she understands next to nothing about this sport, she would reap her entertainment from the players' mistakes. Her ruthless victimization doesn't prefer one team over the other; she simply likes watching big-headed athletes make asses of themselves. Katniss knows she's bitter. She has no desire to amend that. She was dragged from a perfectly mundane day of isolation to watch a sport she knows nothing about, simply because she lives in the same town as the CWS and her friend had an extra ticket. She promised (rather reluctantly) that she'd come. But she never pledged to enjoy it by conventional means. She'll do anything to make this afternoon remotely bearable, and if that requires finding joy at the expense of the players' egos, then so be it. When the Odair character strikes out, she takes a celebratory sip of her Pepsi before turning to her friend. "One more down. How many left?" Johanna laughs. "Jesus, Everdeen. It's only the second inning." "Out of four?" There's a sport with four subdivisions, right? Hockey, maybe? Tennis? Johanna looks her over, lips quirked in amusement. "Nine, Brainless." Katniss's jaw falls open. "And people watch this sport for fun ?" She angles her shoulders back to face the infield, trying to decide whether she thinks the fans' endurance is impressive or downright stupid. Suddenly, Johanna starts giggling. "Hey, good news—Pumpernickel isn't actually named Pumpernickel!" Johanna's arm is extended, her finger steering Katniss's focus to the screen. Across the bright pixels, a close-up of the player is displayed, under which threads a boldfaced Peeta Mellark. A small squeak bursts in the back of her throat as she finds herself staring at blue, all blue, oceans and rivers and skies, all funneled into the most beautiful eyes she's ever seen. And holy jawline. Her eyes skim over his stats. She sees numbers like .409 and 72 and 18, but she doesn't have a clue what these values mean—what the hell is an RBI? Yet she still feels her palms growing clammy, her throat running so dry she can hardly swallow. She grits her teeth. "Please trip over the plate," she says. And she does. Anything that would wipe that stupid grin off his face. His beautiful, smiling, unfairly symmetrical face. She highly doubts he could be more cocky than the sun-bathed creation batting before him seemed, but there's just something about him that repulses her. Maybe it's the fact that he doesn't repulse her at all. Katniss shifts in her seat. "I hope he falls flat on his face." Johanna chuckles. "I hope he falls flat on my —" "Go to church," Katniss hisses, smacking her friend's arm. She tries to keep her face low as Not-Pumpernickel shifts at the plate, the bat held over his shoulder in his large, gloved hands. His body is arched, poised for the oncoming pitch, and from underneath the violet helmet, she can see his blonde hair curling out around the rim. And Johanna was right about baseball pants. They really do do glorious things, although this player looks like he doesn't need any help. Katniss glares at the bread-boy as the pitcher first coils, then reels, launching the first pitch through the air. She waits for him to take a clumsy swing, and hopefully face plant. Instead, he only stands still and watches the ball fly by. The umpire calls a ball, whatever that means, and Katniss huffs. However, as soon as the next pitch comes slicing toward home plate, the bread-boy swings, and with a melodic crack of metal against leather, the ball is sent up into the blue. Katniss is mortified when the ball falls short of the wall fencing in center-field, since she'd expected him to send that thing straight over the river to Iowa. But, even though he didn't get a touchdown/field goal/whatever it is, the outfielder is too late for a catch, and she watches in awe as Not-Pumpernickel rounds first, then second, and slides roughly into third just before the ball reaches the third baseman. He stands, brushing his gloves over his dirt-drenched pants, and Johanna leans over to whisper something probably crude in her ear, but she's not listening. She's calculating, judging—it's what she does best, as silence is her preferred trade, and she has to fill it with something—and she notices that he's a little shorter than most of the other players, his shoulders broad and squared as he levels himself on third. There's a strange heat pooling in her core as she studies him, visually memorizing his sharp angles and his soft edges, and she squeezes her thighs together to either banish or sate the sensation. She's not sure which she would prefer. Damn Johanna for taking her to this stupid game. When the ninth inning comes to a close, Katniss is vaguely aware of which team won. The entire game had been filled with her fighting lead-weighted eyelids, her interest only piquing when the blonde-haired TCU player moseyed up to the plate. Although, as it turns out, bread-boy was the catcher , meaning whenever his team wasn't up to bat, he was still directly in her line of vision anyway. Johanna, naturally, made some vulgar joke about squatting that Katniss emphatically batted away. By the time the players do their customary beelines across the field to shake hands with the other players, the sun's beginning to sink behind the ballpark, and Katniss moves to get out of her seat. But Johanna clasps her wrists. "Patience, young Padawan. We need to stay a bit." Katniss groans. "Why on earth would we want to stay in this goddamn ballpark any longer?" She has a delicious cup of ramen noodles and the entire third season of Sherlock left on Netflix, just waiting for her at home. "I need at least one picture with a player. Unlike you, I was actually rooting for a team … not just for every player to make an ass of himself." Katniss counts sheep in her head as they wait, then file up to the main floor to do even more waiting. One sheep, two sheep, three sheep… After what feels like at least 72 hours, and she's lost track of the thousands of sheep prancing across her head, Katniss spots a few Vanderbilt players posing with some fans. She turns to her side to see Johanna eyeing something in the opposite direction. "Your boys are over there," Katniss deadpans, pointing toward the men in black and gold baseball caps. Without even so much as turning her head to acknowledge the Vanderbilt players, Johanna shoots back, "And your boy is over there ." Her index is directed behind Katniss, and after tweaking a brow, she whirls around to see what Johanna is motioning toward. Her throat runs dry. Next to the bronze sculpture stands the blonde boy, his curls flipping adorably out from underneath his backward baseball cap. Sandwiched between them is a young girl of about eight, purple facepaint streaked across her face as her parents take a photograph of the trio. Katniss gulps. "I'll just wait here while you get your obligatory picture." "Nah, I have something more fun in mind." There's a conspiratorial twinkle in Johanna's brown eyes, and bringing the taste of bile up Katniss's her throat. She doesn't even have time to usher a frantic don't . Johanna goes bounding in the opposite direction of the Vanderbilt players. Katniss is frozen in place, absolutely mortified with her friend, a thousand curse words she didn't even know she knew bobbling around in her head. Her cheeks are probably three shades darker than a tomato, her eyes wide in horror. As Johanna speaks, the greek god eyes Johanna's Vanderbilt getup, but Not-Pumpernickel responds with a nod and a crooked smile. Katniss considers hightailing it straight out of the ballpark, but by the time she's convinced herself to do it, Johanna and the two TCU players are within spitting distance. Damn. "So Peeta, Finnick,