Prologue The first time she met him, they were five years old. Her dress was red—faded with age so that it was nearly orange, the fabric wrinkled and stonewashed—and he wore denim pants that had food dye stains on the left shin. It was their first day of kindergarten. When the teacher had them all gather into a hopelessly lopsided circle, she prompted her students with a question. "Does anybody know the Valley Song?" The song itself was just as worn and faded as the little girl's red dress, as it had been passed down from generation to generation in this tiny town that was wedged in a gorge of the Appalachians. Only the people of Panem, Pennsylvania—all eight thousand of them—were familiar with the melody, and it was a figment of their culture that would probably never die out, or so the elders of the town readily bragged. It was their anthem, which could always be heard resonating from the crypts of the mines on the northside of Panem as the workers chipped away at the coal, day after day. Yet, at the ripe young age of five, sixteen of the seventeen students in the small class looked at each other with widened eyes, jaws slack in narcosis. The Valley Song? But one hand, belonging to the seventeenth student, shot straight in the air. The little boy in the stained denim jeans, who sported a mop of curly, golden hair, looked to the owner of the hand. Instead of noticing the pallor of her red dress, or the coal dust under her nails, or the dark circles below her lower lids, he saw the brightness of her silver eyes that looked to be moons of their own, the elegance of her thin frame, the lush chestnut shade of her two braids, her exotic olive complexion that suggested she was from a miner's family. She's pretty , he thought to himself. And then she opened her mouth. The teacher had urged her to sing the Valley Song for them, and the girl with the braids and the lunar eyes complied. The sound that streamed from her mouth was certainly not human—could it be?—as it was too pure, too lyrical to belong to a person. Her timbre was high, unwavering in its confidence. She sounded like a bird. Like a phoenix, rising from the ashes and coal dust of Panem, new and colorful and beautiful. He was a goner. He waited to talk to her all day, but she made friends easily because she was pretty and could sing. (And five-year-old students build friendships on traits as superficial as that.) Not that he didn't make friends, though; he had eyes that were shards of the sky, rosy cheeks, and sunshine for hair, and he had brought cookies to school that morning, so the kids were fond of him, too. But the girl with the moon-irises and the red dress paid little attention to the porcelain boy that thought she was divine, chiseled from a little sector of heaven itself. In fact, she paid little attention to any of her immediate "friends." She was fierce and independent and displayed very early that companionship was not vital to her well-being. But by the time the final bell chimed through the halls, and she began her journey back to her neighborhood, the boy with the golden curls toddled up to her and offered her the last of the cookies he'd brought to school. She shook her head and told him, "I can't repay you." He thought, What a silly thing to say. He told her she didn't have to repay him, and that he just wanted to be nice to her. Her voice grew thin and her molten eyes flattened into iron as she asked him—more like barked at him—"Why?" The little boy with the cosmic blue eyes told her the truth; it was the first time he realized he couldn't lie to her—that he didn't want to lie to her—and would certainly not be the last. "Because I think you're pretty, and you sound like a bird when you sing, and I like birds." It was as simple as that. The girl with the steel eyes and the olive skin offered him a rare smile that hardly anyone else in the world would be able to claim from her, and she held out her hand in which he placed the last cookie. "I'm Peeta," he offered. With a full mouth, she mumbled back something that sounded like "catfish." His eyes widened as he gaped at her in bewilderment, unsure of exactly what he was supposed to gain from that comment, and she could see that she confused him. She decided that he looked cute when he was confused, because his eyes were so big and his chubby cheeks were the color of strawberries, and she easily concluded that she wanted to spend the rest of her life confusing him. She conceded a sharp laugh that reminded him of birds again, which made him like her even more. "Katniss," she clarified once she swallowed the first bite of her cookie. "I'm Katniss." And so the sunshine boy and the lunar girl became friends. Their friendship was easy at first, as most childhood friendships are, resilient to their mammoth differences in upbringing and personality. Those elements may have even aided their camaraderie, as they were bold compliments, each bringing something new to the table. He let her use his sixty-four pack of crayons when their teacher instructed the class to draw, and she taught him how to climb the trees lining the schoolyard so they could hide from the other kids during recess. He would give her half of his lunch if she promised to double-knot his shoelaces for him. (She didn't have much food, and he didn't know how to tie laces.) He got her to smile when no one else could, and she confused him a lot. To him, Katniss was a mystery he was dying to solve. To her, Peeta was a constant in her otherwise unstable life. They were good for each other, filling in the holes of the other's patchwork world. But when the sunshine boy and the lunar girl were eleven years old, an explosion ripped through the mine on the northside of Panem. Peeta's family—the Mellark kinfolk—was alright, as they owned a bakery in the heart of town and were either there or at school when the coalmine collapsed. But Katniss's father, Mr. Everdeen, was a miner. He never came home. The catastrophe transformed both Peeta and Katniss in different fashions, straining their relationship in every possible mode. Katniss grew more withdrawn, both unwilling to share her feelings and so constantly concerned with survival that things as trivial as friendship were immediately put on the backburners; Peeta grew even more compassionate, if that was possible, pleading for Katniss to unfold her guard so he could fix her. She pulled away, he pushed. She became even more of a mystery, and Peeta became even more confused. He watched as she sought comfort from a new friend, an older boy by the name of Gale Hawthorne, who lived in the same neighborhood as her—a lower-class quarter popularly known as the Seam. His father had been killed in the mines like Katniss's, and the two of them were so abnormally alike that Katniss eagerly turned to him for guidance, for direction, for a sliver of hope she prayed he could offer but knew, deep down, he really couldn't. They both dealt with grief through bottling up their distress, shrouding themselves in the woods with their shotguns so that they could put food on their tables in place of their fathers. Gale was Katniss's male replica, while Peeta was her complement. And Katniss did not need a complement when she so desperately sought independence in the absence of her father. But one afternoon, when the sky was gloomy and hostile, her skin cold as rain-soaked clothes clung to every sharp angle of her starved body, she found herself outside the Mellark bakery, curled up under a tree. Her stomach was threatening to eat itself from having gone without food for so long, and she was seeing tiny black dots swirling in her line of vision, when Mrs. Mellark—a wicked woman with platinum-dyed hair and cold eyes that, thankfully, her sunshine-son had not inherited—flung open the back door, screaming and motioning for the girl with the lunar eyes to leave, doing everything in her power—save actually going out into the rain , because how dare she let her white pumps get muddy —to shoo Katniss from the yard. In response, she brought herself to her feet, hobbling slightly as Mrs. Mellark mumbled something incomprehensible and disappeared inside. The eldest Everdeen daughter was about to turn away when the door opened again, this time revealing the boy that had once been her closest ally, bringing the sun to their world with both his golden curls and his bright features, his blue eyes wide not with confusion this time, but concern. He held two burnt loaves of bread in his hand. For a moment, he questioned if he should throw them to her or swallow his pride and personally hand the bread to the girl that used to be his best friend. He decided on the latter of the two, and looking back, it was one of the best decisions he'd ever made. She met him halfway in the yard, his shirt growing damper as he cut through the rain, his hair matting to the sides of his face in all sorts of directions that she would've found adorable if she wasn't starving to death. He thrust the two loaves into her trembling hands, and unlike with the cookies six years ago, she didn't even make a weak attempt to rebuff. Then he opened his arms, and before she could turn away again, he had snaked her into his grasp, his shoulders slightly broadened and so accommodating in adolescence, the warm scent of pastries lingering on his baby blue polo. Even though she'd only reserved hugs for her baby sister, Prim—her father had been the single other recipient, but he was gone now—there was something about this embrace that felt so right, so oddly comforting. Katniss had never liked being touched, and that would predominantly hold true for everyone else, but she didn't mind it with Peeta. In fact, now, she welcomed it. And for the first time since her father died, she let herself shatter, sobs ripping through her chest as Peeta's grip only tightened, his strong baker's hands sweeping over her back in gentle brush strokes. She was his empty canvas to fill, to color, to bring to life. "I missed you," he told her, finding that, as always, the truth was much easier with Katniss. She was thankful it was raining so that he couldn't obviously distinguish that it was her tears soaking through the collar of his polo. She didn't tell him that she felt the same way, that she had inwardly craved a companion to open up to but denied herself that privilege out of both pride and natural instinct. But both her and Peeta, in that moment, knew she had missed him just as greatly as he'd missed her, even though she didn't say it. Katniss would never be talented when it came to expressing her feelings, but that was alright. It just made her even more mysterious, more intriguing , to the boy who brought her a ray of sunlight even on the rainiest of days. To her boy with the bread. And so things reverted to how they once were, how they were meant to be, or so they both liked to believe. Of course, their relationship grew even more complex with age, as most relationships do—Katniss's perpetual moodiness could not be solved by Peeta letting her borrow a crayon, as it once had—but in the end,