Despite my desperate need for caffeine, served in a coffee mug or intravenously, the first thing I do at the office is slide onto the corner of Madge's desk. I owe her an apology. She shouldn't be here—it's only the morning after the funeral—but tearing workaholic Madge Mellark from her clients would be harder than pulling apart two fragments of soldered metal. She even tried to come in the morning following her mother's heart attack, and we practically had to call in a SWAT team to take her away. She needed time to grieve. She still needs more time to grieve, but I'm not here to tell her that. I'm here to tell her: "Madge, I'm so sorry for bailing on you." She's in her swivel chair, suddenly gazing up at me with those faded-denim eyes, which are carbon copies of her brother's. Hers hold not even one freckle of the accusation I'd expected. No, not expected. Hoped for. Because I feel like shit—Madge, my coworker and best friend since freshman year of college, lost her mother last week, and I told her I'd stay with her at her apartment after the funeral. We were going to eat raw cookie dough straight out of the tube and binge-watch Grey's until sunrise. But I ditched her. I haven't felt so guilty in years. Because even though her mother, Mayor Mellark, was a grade-A jerk loved by only her, her father, and the occasional politician or CEO snuggled in her back pocket, Madge needed her best friend last night, and I left her. And for a reason that arguably justifies death by firing squad. So, I was hoping she'd be mad. Instead, she just pats the back of my hand. "Don't worry about it, Kat. Are you feeling better this morning?" Oh, I'm feeling great. Apart from the Manhattan-sized hole the guilt's punched through my chest, physically, I haven't felt this revitalized in months, maybe even years, because last night was nothing short of a spiritual reawakening. But I can't tell her this. It'd topple the whole charade. "So much better," I say, hand settling on my stomach. "It must've just been the alcohol." Last night, after I remembered our plans—only after it was too late to go back to the reception and pretend I'd never left—I'd called her to spew the first (and worst) excuse that came to mind: I got sick. Took an Uber home. Gonna try to sleep it off. "How much did you drink? I don't think I even saw you once with a glass." "I didn't have that much—" Or any — "so I guess my stomach's just getting weak in my old age." I laugh and try to swallow back the nervous edge to my voice. "Now I'm just waiting for the ol' hip to give out." "You know, Dad needed knee surgery at thirty. You could be four years away from your first replacement at that rate." "Yikes. Too real." I grimace. "But, in all seriousness—Madge, I feel awful. I wanted to be there for you last night." She leans back in her chair. "Really, Katniss, don't feel bad. I ended up staying home—the last guests didn't leave until after midnight, and I was so wiped out from all the mingling that I just passed out upstairs." This should make me feel better. But the cavity in my chest only gapes wider, and I rub the back of my neck. "Let me make it up to you sometime." "Come to Dewey's with us tonight, then. Peeta and I are getting drinks." Responding to her brother's name, my stomach starts wrenching and spazzing like it's losing a fight with a Taser. And I'm losing a fight with the muscles in my face, because they also want to start jerking in all different directions, and I have to keep my cool. I have to act like I have every other time Peeta's been brought up. And… how was that, exactly? I know the hang time of her question is stretching way too long as I rack my brain for the standard reaction, the one I've been instinctively deploying for the six years that he and I have also been best friends, but when the cadence of his name hums through my head, instead of those millions of moments, all that comes to mind is one image: furrowed brow, taut jaw, breath caught somewhere in the tight tendons of his neck, eyes fighting the desire to squeeze shut so they could stay trained on me, on us... I shudder. "Katniss?" Madge nudges. I realize I've left her waiting, just like I realize that my cerebrum isn't about to save me any time soon, so I keep as straight a face as I can and nod. "Yeah. Sure. Dewey's will work." No , Traitor Cerebrum suddenly interjects, Dewey's most certainly will not work. Not if Peeta's there . But I have to make it work. I flex my knuckles, digging them into my temples, hoping to relieve the pressure as I remind myself that I have no choice but to make it work: One misstep and the truth will come gushing from the seams of my being in one unstoppable, destructive deluge. It'll drown us all. And we'll all be dead. Dead, dead, dead. All because I broke my years-old promise to Madge, Peeta, and myself last night—the promise that I would never, ever do anything stupid that'd loosen the screws bolting together her, her brother, and me, the city's most dynamic three musketeers. Which is something that sleeping with Peeta Mellark would unquestionably do. I'm having a staring contest with the meat and cheese platter, flaunting my self-control as the salami flaunts its ever-so-seductive existence, when I feel the air behind me shift and grow heavier. "I can only hope that one day, someone will look at me the way you look at deli meat," a voice says, and I fight a smile. "Ah, if only that degree of love could be replicated." Now I turn, greeted by Niagara eyes and a smile that could resolve wars. I instantly scowl, socking him in the arm. "Ow!" he chokes out, and he moves to massage the swell of muscle—tight and rounded from years of lifting heavy sacks of flour at his bakery—as soon as my knuckles pull away. "What's the deal, Everdeen?" "That smile is dangerous, kid. At least act like you're mourning. The guests might start getting the right idea." "Sorry, no can do. Skipped Theater 101." I try to infuse my glare with more venom, but that's impossible with Peeta Mellark. He sighs. "If it makes you feel better, there's no conga line going through my head. I'm not rejoicing over her death. Especially since Madge is so heartbroken." I step in, replacing his fingers with mine as I rub his arm. "I know." And I do—because although Peeta's relationship with their abusive mother made Capulet-Montague interactions look chummy, Madge loved that woman, and Peeta loves Madge. He hates seeing her in pain. "At least Madge is within a two-room radius of the only dozen people who could stand the woman," I add. "A dozen?" His hand claps over his heart. "Your generosity moves me." "Oh, something's about to move you, alright—" I tighten my fist; my windup is theatric, slow enough for him to catch this punch mid-air. I expect him to swat my hand down, but instead, his palm curls around my fist, bringing it to his chest. Delicately, he unfolds my fingers like an invitation, spreading them against his heart in an unexpectedly tender motion, and his eyes go soft. "Katniss?" he says, voice velvet. I blink at him once, twice, three times. "That," he murmurs, "was one of the most pathetic threats I've ever heard." Work drags by like a sloth in the sun, made only worse by the anticipation chewing away at my stomach. Before last night, knowing I had an upcoming evening with Madge and Peeta would be the shining light to guide me through endless paperwork and eight hours of merciless AC blasts. Now, the Imperial March plays in a menacing loop in my head, and I feel nauseous. I tell myself I don't know why I slept with Peeta, because that's the only way I can digest this situation. Until last night, I can't recall even being attracted to Peeta, let alone eager to jump his bones. Of course, I've always found the boy beautiful, ever since the first time he visited Madge in our freshman dorm room—I can remember being charmed by my roommate's brother, older than us by two years, whose hair and eyes were the same shade as hers, only his hair curled in golden locks around the edges of a KC Royal's baseball cap—but the pull I always felt toward him was the same as the pull I'd feel toward the sunrise: drawn in by its beauty, intrigued, satisfied, made calm. But the sunrise doesn't make you want to take your top off. It had never felt like more with Peeta. This is partly because the closeness between Madge and me has always given Siamese twins a run for their money, which made my regard for her brother, upon meeting him, take on a form very similar to her own. Thus, the three of us have been inseparable for six years. That feeling—or lack thereof—is also, of course, partly due to my own refusal to let it become more. During a drunken 3-AM heart-to-heart-to-heart about four years ago, when the three of us had collapsed into a cuddle puddle on Peeta's living room floor, I promised them that I would never do anything to ruin this. We all knew, but didn't have to say, that one of the easiest ways for me to break that promise would be having revolutionary sex with Peeta. I'm not sure what flipped that switch last night. I wish I could blame it on booze, but both Peeta and I were sensible enough to steer clear of the open bar last night. I wish I could blame it on grief, but the amount of affection we felt for that malicious tyrant could fit inside a grain of sand. I wish, even, though less so than the others, that I could blame it on him , that I could say he initiated it, and I was too shocked to say no, but Peeta's the type of guy to have consent stamped right at the top of his moral constitution. And neither one of us initiated it, anyway. It was like the thought—the need—the whatever-it-was—came to us both at the same time, like a scent that wafts between two people, and their heads snap up in curiosity, in recognition, and it takes root and just… happens. It just happened. I hear Madge sigh behind me, and I whirl around to watch her shrug into her winter coat. "I'm headed out," she says. "I told Peeta to meet us at Dewey's around nine. That'll work for you too, right?" My gaze snaps to the clock on my computer, which reads 5:16 , and I realize that the workday, somehow, has ended. I turn back. "Nine sounds perfect." "I'll see you there." She slings her purse over her shoulder and pivots, like she's about to walk away, but then she hesitates, and pivots back into place. Her eyes dig into the carpet at her feet. "Hey, I need to… get something off my chest." "Please." She disappears momentarily to roll the chair out of Annie Cresta's cubicle and slides it up to me, plunking down in it, our knees grazing. She leans forward, and I brace myself, hoping she'll finally berate me for my unforgivable abandonment. "It's about Peeta," she says. "I think I—I might be mad at him." Not what I expected. But still startling. Madge and Peeta, just like Madge and me, and Peeta and me, are fanatical bickerers. But they don't