[Author's Note: This is just a small ficlet so a bigger story I've been brewing for quite some time. I'm hoping I might get some feeedback on what people think and I am always more than happy to recieve suggestions and critique based on the writing style and the characters and the plot as well. If you guys love the story and have some ideas as to where you'd like to see it go I'd be happy to hear it! Hope you all enjoy! This is an alternate ending style story to Return Of The King where the alliance has failed against Sauron's forces at the Black Gate and Frodo and Sam were not fortunate enough to make it to Mt. Doom to destroy the ring before they were found out. This is definitely not a happy story at the moment, I'm a big fan of angst and torture so if that doesn't sound like your cup of tea then feel free to pass over this story! This story will mostly follow Aragorn but as it develops, other time lines might start to take place. Now, on to the story! ] Pride of the Dunedain Acrid smoke filled his lungs, tasting of blood and sulfur, while he drew himself up as much as he could and squared his shoulders. He held the air for a moment, eyes closed gently, all sound muted while he steadied his hands. All around him armor creaked, metal ground against metal and feet shuffled; grunts of amusement and snickering passed between foul lips while they stood waiting for his grand appeal. They knew what had been lost and this was only being allowed for show, so they could laugh more merrily at the expense of mankind. Mock them for their efforts. He knew this. They all knew this but the men waited on bated breath, holding onto what they had left of their hope. Finally, he released his breath and his eyes opened, the steely grey of their depths matching the darkness of the clouds now spreading to cover whatever had remained of the sunlight. His eyes met some of those nearest the front, seeing the edge to their gazes and the weariness that lingered there after the battle had turned so sour. Some part of him was still trying to accept that this was their fate; that they'd hung on for so long only to have freedom torn through their fingers, leaving bleeding gaping wounds in flesh and heart. In the distance smoke continued to billow from the top of the Mountain, pouring blackness into the air to be stained crimson and gold by the fires burning within the volcano and in the rocky plains around its base. He stared into the faces of the men defeated in their combat who had been left to live as prisoners, slaves or just until the end of this spectacle and yet he could see the flames of defiance still lingering. The hope and pride of men covered in the blood of their brothers still throbbed with life in what was left of the army he'd brought with him to this forsaken land. Their armor had shone and sparkled, the White Tree and the Seven Stars now splashed with blood and gore but still proudly worn on the chest of each of the fellows here. This spectacle may be just that for the foul beings that now stood guard over men, but in the end he was reminded of only one thing; they still lived, and their pride with them. Men were not so easy to break as these creatures believed, and he would prove it to them. Finally, he drew breath once more, his chin rising to address the crowd before him with his head held high and his shoulders strong. "Warriors of men, my brothers, it is with a heavy heart I speak to you all now. But do not despair, the battle is lost, the day is coming to an end but we still yet live. And with us hope. I grieve for those we've lost and those we will still yet lose, but not for our defeat, for we have not been defeated. I look upon each of you and I see the fire that burns within, fires that can still be kindled, brought to inferno. This is but a battle, not the war. The war will continue to rage here, within us and beyond in the lands of our kin who are strong and ready to fight this evil. The enemy believes this to be their final victory, that they may break the will of men here and go unchallenged. I know that will not be so, for as long as I draw breath I will fight, body and soul against the darkness that wishes to swallow this land and turn it black. And if I can do this, I know that you, brave men of Middle Earth, will persevere also. Sauron believes men to be weak, to bend to his will and break at the hands of his soldiers and beasts, to allow our heads to fall in defeat. He believes the weight of his reign will be too much for the shoulders of mankind." Aragorn paused for a moment, looking amongst the men in front of him, meager dozens surviving once the black gates had opened and the filth had spilled forth. The Ring had fallen into the hands of its Master, the bitter truth stinging in Aragorn's heart at the thought of the two Halflings that had perished. The Dark Lord had been restored to his full power; his army pulsing across the dead earth of the battle field towards the gleaming army of men. They'd been hopelessly outnumbered in the end but fighting to the very last with everything that could possibly be mustered for themselves and their kin, for the homes of their families. Few had survived to be captured and Aragorn knew he'd been singled out and taken prisoner, though not easily. When he had finally been forced down with his weapon thrown beyond his grasp, the enemy had to climb over their fallen to reach him, dragging corpses aside in order to dig the captured King out. He'd had a grim smile on his face then, and now his lips curled once more, though the grim edge to it was gone. "They're wrong, my brothers, for the strength of men will endure, as it always has and one day the darkness will be overthrown once more. This we have seen in the writings of our fathers, the histories of our people. The shadows creep forth today, but keep the light in your hearts as it is in mine and show them that men are not so weak. We are not to be broken so easily, and if Sauron wants all of Middle Earth for himself, we will make him bleed for it!" This he spoke with a strength from deep within, his eyes bright as he looked from face to face and he could see the fire in his eyes mirrored as the men began to stir. Strength was finding them again, pulsing through the crowd of captives, making the orcs around them shift uneasily and grip their weapons more tightly. Some of the vile creatures still sneered, and Aragorn wondered if they'd realised their mistake in letting him speak to his men. If they'd believed he would betray his oaths as King and make his knights despair, the enemy truly was naive. And this gave him yet more hope. The enemy had already underestimated them. His men stood steadfast now, not prepared to fight the current foe for they had no weapons and to do so would only cause slaughter. But their Captain had instilled in them their pride, reminded them of the determination of mankind. Despite the shackles some bore, the guards keeping them imprisoned and whatever other darkness lingered in their unsteady futures, they were not afraid. Aragorn could see this, and it brought yet another smile to his lips. "I am honored to have served you and I will continue to do so until I draw my final breath. Be not afraid, for you are Men of the Realm, and as such have a strength and honor that no evil can corrupt. Remember this in the coming darkness and have faith in your kin that the light shall return and shine brightly once more. Our heads are high, our backs not bowed and our knees not bent. Remember this, my brothers." He brought a closed fist up to his heart, holding it to his chest as his eyes closed and he bowed his head to his men. A silent salute to their bravery and ambition; he did not doubt his words stuck in their hearts, that if the enemy was to pry their hopes from them it would be through strong jaws and steely gazes. The motion of his fist was matched, each man drawing his hand up to his chest and nodding their heads to their King, and they did not feel shame at their loss, only resolve in their ability to make the enemy fight for every inch they took in their corruption of this land. All knew their fate, that they would not see their families again, that they would die in a land made of dust, fire and blood. But they had faith now in the strength of Man, enough to die proudly without corrupting at the will of Evil. The Uruk at his back came forward then, having let the King have his moment, and the men on the ground in front of the small platform all shifted uncomfortably. Aragorn was not bound but he would not fight the grip of the beast as it grasped his shoulder in a bruising fashion and pulled him back from the edge of the makeshift stage. Orcs swelled then, tightening the ring around the unarmed captives and while their Captain still had a moment up on the stage before they would pull him down and drag him away, he nodded at the men one last time with a steely resolve in his eyes. At this the moment of panic in the hearts of the captives receded and they shuffled closer to one another as the orcs began to herd them to where they would be held. Pens fit for dogs were now fitted to host men deeper within the plains of Mordor, among the sulfuric air and the ash that was raised from each footfall. Aragorn was shoved towards the wooden steps down to the ground, grunts and sneers rasped out of the throats of the Uruk-hai that followed him towards the edge. Orcs were leering from the edge of the platform and as he stepped down, one came too close, attempting to swipe at him with a rusty blade. The Uruk behind him made to bark an order, an ugly sound leaving his throat but even before he had a chance to finish the command, Aragorn had unarmed the disgusting creature coming at him and buried the blade hilt deep in its chest. A surprised screech emitted from between its cracked lips before it collapsed in a heap on the scorched earth; a satisfied smirk quirked at the lips of Isildur's heir. Within a moment, he'd been surrounded by orcs and Uruk's, some surging to get at him in their hatred while others pushed his head down and grasped his arms, wrenching them behind his back. Coarse rope wound around his wrists, his skin rubbing raw at the abrasive material being twisted tight and bound, taking the last of his physical freedom from him. The large Uruk men pushed him through the crowd of blood stained teeth and rusty armor, clashing against each other to get at him or to feast their eyes on the defeated king. Harsh words sounded all around him but Aragorn would only look