Written for: Quidditch League: Holyhead Harpies - Chaser 1 - Write Chaser 2's NOTP (Remus/Hermione). Optional prompts: (4) Image of camera and photos on blanket. (14) Quote: The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count. - Theodore Finch, All the Bright Places (5) Dialogue: "I'm happier than I've ever been before." Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry - Task: Write about a strict rule being broken - (Song) Truly, Madly, Deeply - Savage Garden Acrostic-y Challenge - Time Travel The FRIENDS Competition - Write about a new chapter in someone's life Honeydukes Challenge: Chocolate Frogs - [character] Remus Lupin, [restriction] Only Order members, [genre] Romance, [trope] Time travel, [emotion] Happiness (bonus points if I include a muggle sweet) A/N This is an AU which changes the rules of time-travel. It includes: mates, time-travel and Voldemort-wins. The italics between each section are song lyrics. Time to Make a Change ~.~ A new beginning A reason for living ~.~ The order had been given by Harry himself. There was no higher order. It was unusual for a seventeen year old boy to tell people three times his age what to do, but they looked for a leader and of course it fell to the boy-who-lived. Hermione was terrified of what Harry wanted. It was more than a mission to guard some place or deliver a message without alerting the ever-growing amount of dark supporters. It was giving up everything she had left. But then again, hadn't she already done that time and time again? Once when choosing to go to Hogwarts, again when giving up her parents and a third time when the war was lost? There wasn't much remaining for her in this time. It was a small amount of Order members against the world. It was a losing fight but the alternative was much worse. Harry was reckless and things were even more dangerous. There was little chance they would even reach Christmas. But Harry gave the order to sacrifice her current life. It had to be her. She was a Muggle-born. She had no previous ties to the wizarding world. She could change everything. "Even me," Harry said, softly. "Do what you need to do, Hermione, even if it means I'm not born. Just stop all of this." It was the one order she had refused, but Harry was reckless and desperate. She had never considered he would put the time turner on her as she slept before shaking her awake. It took her a moment to get her bearings with Harry leaning over her, his eyes begging her to forgive him. "What did you do?" His wand tapped against her neck and she looked down at the time-turner. She gasped and her hands moved up to remove it, but it was too late. "Be happy with him," Harry ordered. Hermione had no time to wonder what he meant before she was spinning. She had travelled hours before but it was nothing like this! Her fingers fumbled with the time turner, trying to make it stop. She couldn't. Whatever spell Harry had used was making the time turner bring her to a day and time that Harry had already chosen, breaking the rules and laws. After all, she knew Harry wasn't sending her back just a few hours. She may not have wanted this mission, but like it or not, it was her mission now. She'd do what she could to fix everything. ~.~ I'll be your hope I'll be your love Be everything that you need ~.~ Remus couldn't tear his eyes away. He had noticed the girl from the start of the meeting and there had been something so right about her. Something about her that called to him. James was busy with Lily and Sirius was flirting with the Prewett twins and Mary, and Remus had brought a book with him to read whilst waiting. He had opened the book with every intention to read, but his gaze drifting up to the fascinating girl sitting at the front. He could only look as he was too scared to approach her in case he made a fool of himself. Her gaze moved slowly around the room, examining each and every person. Remus thought she was committing each person to memory before her eyes found the next Order member. Her observations only lasted a moment, but he knew she was taking everything in around her. Finally her gaze moved to him and their eyes met. Hers widened slightly at the sight of him and a smile appeared on her lips. His own lips curved up into a shy smile and he couldn't look away. Her own smile grew and her gaze drifted over his face for a long moment before she turned her attention away. Remus let out a breath he didn't realise he had been holding. He hoped he passed whatever inspection she was giving them. Her gaze shifted to Sirius and Remus felt a strange rush of jealousy. Her expression had changed slightly upon seeing him. Her eyes hadn't widened, but there had been a flicker of sadness in her eyes and her gaze was on him the longest. It wasn't long before her gaze darted back to Remus. The smile appeared again and the jealousy quickly disappeared. No one else had been treated to that breathtaking smile. He smiled back, managing something more than the shy smile he had already offered. She stood up. Her eyes were still on him, clearly intent on heading over. She stopped as the door opened and Dumbledore walked in. Remus sighed quietly. Maybe she'd come over after the meeting? "The meeting has started. Take your seats," Dumbledore began. Some people sat down and the others moved to stand around the edge of the room. "We have a new member joining the Order and we have new information that could help us with the war," Dumbledore continued. Remus sat forward. Dumbledore never got straight to the point which meant that something had happened—something had changed. "Hey, Peter's missing," James said, looking around. "Should we wait for—" "Peter isn't here," Dumbledore replied. "I'll ask the three of you to stay behind afterwards to discuss Peter, but we should move on to the other business first." His gaze moved between the three Marauders briefly. Remus glanced at his friends who looked as confused as he was. He hoped that Peter was alright, though Dumbledore would have said if he wasn't. Maybe he went on a mission? "The second order of business is our new Order member," Dumbledore continued, "This is Hermione Granger. She's under our protection now due to a Death Eater attack." "There's no record of any in the last couple of days?" Marlene called, frowning. "Did we miss something?" "This was something we didn't know about at the time. Hermione was captured by Death Eaters and managed to escape," Dumbledore explained. "So I need someone who I can trust to give her somewhere to stay." "I'll do it," Benjy Fenwick offered politely. The jealousy appeared even more quickly this time. "Or she can stay here and I'll watch out for her," Remus said loudly. Benjy had dated two girls in the past six months. He couldn't be trusted. Dumbledore smiled. "Miss Granger, I believe you have your choice." Hermione smiled, her gaze lingering on Remus. "I'll be more useful if I stay here." Some members of the Order began muttering to each other and Remus knew it was because they didn't trust him. He stayed quiet. Let them distrust him all they liked. His friends trusted him and Hermione wanted to stay with him and not Benjy and those were the things that mattered. Dumbledore cleared his throat loudly, drawing all attention back to himself and began to talk about other business including some missions that were suddenly cancelled and a private mission he wanted to take Sirius on regarding his brother. Remus tried to focus but his eyes and attention kept drifting to Hermione Granger. ~.~ All that you need will surely come ~.~ "Moony, why did you offer?" Sirius asked, as he and James cornered Remus once the meeting ended. Remus shrugged. "Benjy isn't a good guy. She can't stay with him." The pair looked at each other and grinned knowingly. Remus tried not to look too obvious. "You usually get on with Benjy, and now suddenly he's not a good guy?" James asked, trying not to laugh. "Remus, do you fancy her?" Sirius turned to look at Hermione. "I guess she's not too bad to look at. Her rack isn't very—" A small growl came from Remus' throat, causing Sirius to stop talking. His eyes widened for a second before he grinned. "Possessive, aren't you?" he said in delight. "James, I think our little Moony is in love." "Remus. It's about time you showed an interest in someone." James said. "If you need any help in wooing her—" "Or, if you need some help from someone who doesn't use the word 'wooing', I'm here," Sirius insisted. "I'm just trying to be friendly, and…" he trailed off as Lily escorted Hermione over. "Boys, this is Hermione. Hermione, this is Remus, and over here you have James and Sirius." Sirius winked at her and Remus resisted rolling his eyes. James grinned and greeted Hermione, and she turned her gaze to him. "Remus is one of the nicest, sweetest guys I know," Lily said, giving Hermione a meaningful look. "So, Remus - I was telling Hermione that you know the area well. Since she's staying here with you…" "Did someone say a picnic?" Sirius asked. "That sounds like an excellent idea, James, good suggestion. Did someone say six o'clock? What do you say, Hermione?" "I didn't say anything," James muttered, rolling his eyes. "I'd like that," Hermione said, amused. "Me too," Remus replied. He was relieved that Sirius was so forward and had helped him because he never would have gotten the courage to ask her himself. Plus, a picnic was more affordable than a fancy restaurant. Hermione looked resigned as she allowed Lily to pull her away, talking about what Hermione should wear, and Remus stood up. "I guess I better get shopping then," he said. "What should I buy?" "Strawberries and condoms," Sirius offered. James slapped him on the back of the head causing Sirius to yelp. "I'll come with you." Sirius glanced longingly towards Fabian Prewett. "This is Moony's big day and he needs me more," he decided, standing up. Remus grinned at his friends. He knew he could rely on them. "What about Dumbledore?" "He's busy. We can be back in half an hour and talk to him then," James assured him. "It can't be anything too urgent or he'd have told us sooner." "I wonder what the mission involving my brother could be?" Sirius murmured nervously. ~.~ You don't have to close your eyes 'Cause it's standing right before you ~.~ The picnic the day before had gone well once Remus had discovered Hermione's love of reading. Discussing books was like a safety net to him and the conversation flowed well. The picnic had lasted until it was too dark to stay outside and the pair had gathered everything up and moved the picnic and conversation to the kitchen table until late into the night. As much as he wanted to make a move and kiss Hermione, there were two things stopping him. Firstly, his lycanthropy. On the rare chance that Hermione would be fine with that, she certainly wouldn't be fine to find out she was his mate. Remus hadn't even known until he researched the pull that he felt between them. He hadn't admitted to his friends either, otherwise they'd try even harder to push the two together. He had known Hermione for three weeks and his feelings were growing so quickly. If he lost her, it'd hurt too much and he wondered