Warnings: This fic is A/B/O - this is Alpha/Beta/Omega!Verse. It's basically a universe where everyone is either an Alpha, Beta or Omega, and allows each of the aforementioned to find their mates. It also allows for MPreg in male Omegas. MPreg = male pregnancy. I suggest looking this up if you are unfamiliar with the concept. Just to make it clear: this fic contains male pregnancy. Check-ups and Tea-cups Sirius/Remus For Raybe Please enjoy some MPreg!Sirius. I threw in some ABO for you too. :D Sirius sighed loudly and James rolled his eyes. "Sirius, I told you to make a list," he said. "Your arms are fine. You can make a list." "My fingers kept cramping up," Sirius insisted, sighing once more. "I can't grip the pen as tightly as I wanted." "I bet you can wank though," James muttered as he searched for a pen and paper. "You know what, I'll make a list. What do you need from the shop?" Sirius sighed again, louder than before. "Well, now I don't remember," he muttered. "Is it too much to ask that I be free from this room, James! I feel like a prisoner." "You just passed out - again - and had a fall," James said, folding his arms. "This is where you recover." "Not my fault." "You were overdoing it - again." "I wasn't," Sirius replied. "I went for a walk. It's not my fault the weather was hotter than it was supposed to be. I bought a bottle of water with me like I'm supposed to. I drank the water too. But the bank was overbearing. I thought I could manage it. I needed to sort out my money." "Well, it was probably a good thing that it happened. Otherwise we might not have known that you needed constant bed rest throughout the next six months," James replied. "Which I could get at home," Sirius insisted, a pleading expression on his face. "The doctor wants to keep you here for observation," James stated. "We can't go against medical orders. Let's give them a week or two, and then we'll ask again" "So, I'm a prisoner," Sirius muttered. "Abandoned at the hospital through no fault of my own—" "You got knocked up. I'm pretty sure you were somewhat involved in that," James replied, tired of Sirius' dramatics and argument. "Oh. So you're saying I deserve this?" Sirius asked, his eyes widening. "Poor, stupid Sirius, getting himself knocked up. He deserves it, though." "That's not what I meant," James quickly replied, realising that Sirius was taking his comment too personally and regretting the words. "I just said that… you know what, I wasn't saying anything. Nothing at all. I just want you to be aware of yourself, Sirius. Your actions have consequences, and—" Sirius glared at James. "I'm very aware right now, thank you. I'm aware that I'm in agony and could use a real hot drink that isn't from a machine up here. I could also use a trip to the shops… but if it's too much trouble, I'll hire an assistant." "An… assistant?" James asked, reaching up to pinch the bridge of his nose. "Yes. One that'll wheel me down to the shops today," Sirius muttered. "Thank you James, but your assistance is no longer required." He reached for his phone. "I'll go and look on Gumtree now and—" James grabbed the phone from Sirius' hand and set it down on the side. "There's no way I'm letting you hire a stranger off the internet," he said, protectively. "I'll bring you down today, and we can discuss this later." Sirius grinned. "If you insist," he replied. ...oOo... Sirius made sure the blanket was tucked around him properly, hiding his stomach. He was wearing loose-fitting trousers rather than his favourite jeans as they weren't suitable attire, unfortunately. On the top of his body he wore a loose-fitting t-shirt. Sirius really missed his clothes, but the blankets Dorea supplied were nice and at least he could wear his leather jacket over his t-shirt, much to James' amusement. Today's blanket was pale green with black dogs all over it, but Sirius missed the warm red and gold blanket Dorea had given him for Christmas. It was softer and; not that he'd admit it, but it was great to have a cuddle with when he was sleeping. Not that he needed to cuddle something. He may be an Omega, but that didn't mean anything. It was just comforting in the same way anyone who was pregnant needed a cuddle. That was all. ...oOo... "Why is this chair going so slow?" Sirius muttered, bringing his arms off the blanket so he could fold them against his chest. He pouted, though James couldn't see him do it. Though James was still aware he was pouting. Sirius was always pouting about something. "Because we're not in a race?" James offered, walking slightly faster. "We only just stepped out of the lift, and we're not in a rush." "And whilst you take your time, all the good tables will be gone by people who were pushed faster!" Sirius said. "Tables? Sirius, I thought we were just going to the shop?" "Well, all of this travelling has made me really need a hot drink. Be a dear and get me a hot-chocolate or a tea. I've left my stuff upstairs." James let out a loud sigh before reaching into his pocket and pulling out his wallet. He glanced inside, checking how much money he brought out with him. "Why have you stopped?" Sirius demanded, trying to turn around in the wheelchair, and wincing in pain. "We need to get there quicker!" I refuse to sit by the door, I'll have you know!" James pulled out a ten-pound note and put his wallet away again, pushing Sirius through the big doors that lead to the shop, cafe and to the exit. "Look at that queue! I told you to hurry up. I've seen the elderly walk faster than you," Sirius snapped miserably as they walked over to the cafe. "You know what? You're worse in that chair than out of it. I never thought it possible, but you're doing my head in!" James shouted. He dropped the ten-pound note onto Sirius' lap. "I need a minute." Sirius pouted harder as James stormed out. How dare James abandon him? With uncertain movements, Sirius slowly moved the wheelchair into the queue. He was fourth now. Had James just listened, he would have arrived before there was a queue. As one person moved away, Sirius pushed on the wheels once more, bringing himself forward and accidentally knocking into the woman in front of him. He quickly apologised and moved back, though the woman was too engrossed in her call to pay him any mind. As he moved away, the money slipping from his lap onto the floor. "Crap." Sirius began to edge forward on the chair, trying to ignore the agony in his back with each movement. He had to get that money somehow. As he began to lift himself up and out of the chair, he felt a hand press gently against his shoulder, stopping him from moving. "Sit down and I'll get that for you," an angelic voice said, before Sirius could move away from the touch. The voice calmed Sirius and he allowed the man's hands to gently guide him back into the seat. The ten-pound note from the floor was pressed into his hand. "Are you okay?" Sirius shook his head. None of this would be happening had James not cruelly abandoned him there, alone. "My friend abandoned me," he replied pitifully. "He was supposed to help me but I think I upset him somehow." He turned puppy-dog eyes onto the man who had helped him. "I didn't mean to, but he hates me now!" "I'm sure he doesn't," the man replied, smiling warmly. Sirius glanced at the man's t-shirt, noticing it bore the logo from the coffee-shop. "I'm here to help. I'll bring you over to a table and get your drink for you. Which table would you like?" "One where I'm not alone, like I always am," Sirius murmured sadly, his gaze returning to the man's gorgeous eyes. Of course James hated him. Why else would James abandon him in his time of need? "Oh." The man hesitated for a moment, checking his watch. "Well, I do have a break coming up in about ten minutes. How about I sit with you until your friend returns? I can ask to take my break a few minutes early." " If he returns," Sirius mumbled. "I'd like that, and I'd really like a cup of tea and a tuna and cheese panini." "Coming right up." The man stood up and guided Sirius' chair to a table in the corner. "I'll be right back," he promised after making sure Sirius was close enough to the table. Sirius strained to turn to watch the man walk away, even if it did make his back hurt. The man had a nice voice that instantly made Sirius feel calm, though Sirius hadn't gotten a proper look at him. He had barely seen past the man's wonderful eyes. He had been too busy feeling sorry for himself. Though the man clearly wanted to be his friend. That was fine. Sirius clearly needed new friends - ones that wouldn't abandon him so cruelly. ...oOo... Sirius glanced up when the tray was placed on the table, followed by his change. He quickly allowed his eyes to move across his new friend's face, taking in the shaggy dark-blond hair, the beautiful amber eyes and the soft lips. He hadn't expected his new bestie to be drop-dead gorgeous but decided it was a bonus. Much better than looking at Potter's stupid hair all of the time. "My name's Sirius," Sirius began, holding his hand out. The man's smile widened and he held out his own hand, shaking Sirius'. Sirius was certain he felt sparks as their hands touched, but decided against mentioning it for obvious, pregnancy-related reasons. "I'm Remus," came the reply. "Here's your receipt and change. I must admit I ordered a tuna and cheese panini too. I was curious as I've never had one before." "Then you haven't lived!" Sirius exclaimed eagerly. "I'd live on these if Mummy didn't force me to eat real food. Sometimes, she makes these herself as a treat. Have you worked here long?" "A year," Remus replied. "I go to uni and this place is open at all hours, so it's really good to fit around my course. I'll be finishing up in July though, so I'll be looking to get a full-time job by September." "Seven months," Sirius murmured thoughtfully. "Maybe we can hang out some whilst we're both here? I've been told I'm going to be here for a while, and it would be nice to have a friendly face when I come down for something to drink. I mean… if it's not too strange since we've only known each other five minutes." Remus' smile widened. "I've no problem with that," he insisted. "I'm here a lot so if you need anything just let me know. I'll make sure to keep an eye out for you if you come down, so just find a table and I'll come over to you." "I'll definitely let you know," Sirius said, smiling happily. "Remus, I think this is going to be the start of a beautiful friendship." Remus looked surprised, but beamed at Sirius as Sirius lifted his cup of tea. "This is where we do the clinky thing," Sirius ordered. Remus merely nodded at Sirius' slightly bossy tone and lifted his own cup of hot chocolate and carefully clinked it against Sirius'. Yes. A beautiful friendship indeed. ...oOo... "I've got five minutes left," Remus said, checking his watch. "Let me get you back to your ward." "Thanks," Sirius replied, hiding his disappointment. Had the hour really passed that