Written for: Quidditch League Round 4 - Holyhead Harpies - Chaser 1 - Write about the Greengrass family. Prompts: 6. (object) fiddle, 1. (colour) silver, 8. (object) x-ray A/N The reason I chose the name Lycus: Daphne and Astoria (with two slightly different spellings of Astoria's name) are names found in Greek mythology. I chose Lycus because the name is found in Greek mythology and now means legendary ruler (which I felt was appropriate for the heir of a family before he was abandoned for being a Squib). Canon Astoria: Astoria refused to raise her child in the belief that Muggles (and likely Muggle-borns, half-bloods and Squibs as well) were scum. I kept this in mind when writing her. Also - we do not know anything about Daphne in canon - I checked. This is an AU Summary Daphne's biggest aspiration was to be a good wife to a Pureblood. Nowhere in her plans did she ever consider that a secret visit to her Squib brother's home would have her falling for a Muggle and that those aspirations would change. Aspire to be More Daphne/Noah (OC) I will be making this a collection I hope. "You can't do this again," Daphne insisted as Astoria approached the front door, fiddle held carefully in one hand and a package tucked under her arm. "Do what?" Astoria asked, as she pulled the door open. Daphne strode over, pushing the door closed again in case any conversation was overheard. "You can't go and see him again. We agreed last time, Astoria." Her voice was low in case the house-elf was listening. It wouldn't do for Tizzy to report back to their parents. "You decided and you thought you could decide for me," Astoria replied. "I agreed to nothing. He's family." "A Squib," Daphne hissed, her eyes darting around. "Our brother," Astoria murmured softly. "He may not have our magic in him, but he has our blood." "It's not enough," Daphne argued. "Astoria, you need to learn to let him go." Astoria shook her head. "Maybe you've let him go, but I'm not ready to. Mother and Father abandoned him so easily, but he still has me." "But…" Daphne trailed off as the house-elf came out of the kitchen, her eyes moving between them both. "Off to music lessons," Astoria announced before Tizzy could question them. She shot Daphne a pleading look before pulling the door open once more. Daphne followed her out, closing the door behind them. They headed around to the side of the house. "I don't want to," Daphne insisted, her voice a whisper now. "He is our brother, but it's for the best. Our lives are going a different way to his. Lycus has a new life." "A poor excuse," Astoria replied as she moved to a blocked off area where they could Apparate without neighbours seeing. "You give me no choice. I'll have to tell Father." This time Astoria turned, her gaze moving over her sister's face. "And you'll give me no choice but to tell Father that we went together the first few times. He may think that you're a bad influence. That you encouraged this. I would hate for Mother and Father to be disappointed in you." She smiled sweetly. "Or you could just come with me. I know you miss him too, even if you deny it." Daphne narrowed her eyes. "You wouldn't dare tell." "And you wouldn't either," Astoria pointed out. "You can't stop me going, but I know Lycus has moved since you last went to see him so you'll never find his place without me. If you're coming, you have only a few seconds to decide." Daphne sighed and linked her arm through Astoria's, and Astoria apparated them away. ...oOo... "Lycus. How are you?" Astoria walked into the house, Daphne on her heels. She didn't want to admit it but she was eager to see her brother, despite knowing that she should really try to stop Astoria. It had been almost a year since she last set eyes on Lycus. It had always been harder for Daphne, having to stick to the rules of the family. Astoria just ignored them and did whatever she wanted. Lycus grinned at his younger sisters, his eyes lighting up when they moved to Daphne. She couldn't help but smile in return. "I'm good. Better now that you're here," he said. "Come in and sit down. Tea? Coffee? Butterbeer?" "You have butterbeer?" Daphne asked. "Yeah. I can still get into Diagon Alley," Lycus pointed out. "I stop in from time to time. Muggle sweets just aren't enough and as much as I like orange and apple juice, pumpkin juice is always the best. Though when my Muggle friends come over, I have to hide that stuff." "You have Muggle friends?" Daphne asked, realising she didn't know that much about her brother. "Well I certainly don't have wizarding ones," Lycus snorted. "Stori, go and sit down. Bring Daffy with you." He headed to the kitchen as the pair headed to the living room. Daphne tried not to look around at the small living room as they waited. Astoria snooped through the papers on the coffee table and Daphne felt she was safer looking at the bookcases. After all, there was a lot of Muggle literature that had crossed over to the magic world and several famous Muggle authors that weren't actually Muggles. Books were safe. She skimmed over the titles, before her gaze dropped to the lower shelves where a few medical journals sat. Some university books filled the same shelf. "Are you still learning to be a doctor?" she called. Her brother appeared a minute later with three drinks all in mismatched cups. He took one with a picture of a penguin and sat down on the sofa. Astoria stopped shuffling through his papers, reaching for a blue cup with some colourful flowers scattered all over it, leaving a plain white mug with 'Tres Cool' scribbled on it in silver sparkles, for Daphne. She stared at the cup for a moment. It was the same cup she had used the last couple of times she had been there. She had thought it was a coincidence before… but now? Now she wondered if this was her cup. Did Lycus have a cup there for her in case she ever returned? She didn't want to think too much about this being her cup, because if it was, that meant that Lycus had kept it in his cupboard for a year, hoping she'd return. He would see it every time he opened the cupboard and that would be a constant reminder that she had taken so long to come. Even though she was trying to distance herself from Lycus, it didn't change how much she cared about her brother. She didn't want to stay away. There were only a couple of years between their ages after all and she had always been closest to him as children. She stood awkwardly in the living room before her brother sighed. "You look uncomfortable. Worried my Squibness will rub off on you if you sit on my sofa?" he teased. Daphne sat down. She didn't want to upset Lycus and she had a feeling they would be there for a while. Lycus and Astoria chatted as though they had seen each other often and Daphne didn't doubt that. She wondered if Astoria ever attended a music lesson or if she had been coming to see him every week. Whilst the pair talked, Daphne's gaze fell to the table and she frowned. She shifted forward in her seat and reached for a picture that was tucked underneath some books and a notebook. "What is this?" Lycus glanced over. "That's an x-ray," he said. "It's a picture of my bones." "Why do you have this?" "I'm learning to be a doctor," Lycus pointed out. "It's fascinating. I broke my leg about eight months ago and asked for a copy of the x-rays. I thought it would be interesting to bring into my class and show everyone." He leaned over and pointed to the broken bone. "That's where my leg broke." "Muggles put this big cast on their leg whilst it heals," Astoria said. "And people write messages and draw pictures on it. They don't have potions like us." "You should have told us. I could have gotten a potion—" Daphne started. "And how would I explain that to my friends?" Lycus interrupted, with a small smile. "My friends are Muggles. If it was a black eye that healed quickly or I'd caught a bug… that's different. But a broken bone doesn't fix itself in a day." "Speaking of which." Astoria reached for the package she had brought with her and handed it to her brother. "Some pain potions and I got you some bits from Hogsmeade. I know the chocolate from there has always been your favourite." "Thanks!" Lycus' face lit up at the mention. "You're a star." He glanced behind him, at the clock on the wall. "Speaking of friends, they'll be here in a few minutes. I'm going to hide the butterbeers. I'll unpack this later." Daphne stood up quickly and smoothed her skirt down. "We should go," she said, turning to Astoria. "Why?" Astoria asked, making no move to get up from the chair. "Because there are Muggles coming over," Daphne replied. "Yes, I know. Sebastian, Noah, Will, and Joshua most likely." Daphne narrowed her eyes at her sister and put her hands on her hips. "You know them?" she asked suspiciously. "I've met them. I'm not leaving just yet, Daphne. You are welcome to go home if you'd like, but I'm staying right here!" Daphne sighed as Astoria headed from the room and she dropped down onto the sofa once more. She couldn't go and leave her sister around Muggles. Muggles weren't trustworthy. Especially Muggle men. Her mother told her all about them. ...oOo... Daphne watched as the men piled into the living room, all hugging her sister. She crossed her arms as one lifted Astoria up into a hug and caused her to laugh. She would be having words with her sister later about proper behaviour especially around Muggles. "Guys, this is my other sister, Daphne." Daphne froze when she felt four sets of eyes on her. She wasn't quite sure how to act. She tried to smile, her eyes moving across the four guys. Three were smiling in a friendly manner and the last was looking her up and down, before winking at her. She couldn't stop staring at the fourth. He had light brown dishevelled hair and hazel eyes and Daphne couldn't deny that this Muggle was gorgeous. Her hands ran over her skirt again nervously. "It's a shame you didn't get the family looks, Lycus," the handsome Muggle said, glancing at her brother briefly and causing Lycus to snort in amusement. "Piss off," Lycus said, shoving his friend before turning to his sister. "Daphne, that's Noah. The others are Sebastian, Will, and Joshua. "It's nice to finally meet you," Sebastian offered. Will and Joshua agreed and Daphne's smile widened a little bit. She felt more at ease seeing that the Muggles were friendly and silently scolded herself. Lycus wouldn't let ruffians be around her and Astoria. He wasn't the type to have dangerous Muggle friends. Noah moved closer. "Lovely to meet you," he said, offering his hand. Daphne held her own hand out, assuming he wanted to shake but he took her hand and brought it to his lips. "Now we can see why Lycus was hiding you away. He was trying to keep you from me." Daphne didn't know what to say. She turned to look at her brother with wide eyes and he raised his eyebrows, an amused smirk on his lips as he watched his sister and best friend meet. "Daphne's quite shy," he offered. "So, tell me about yourself, Daphne," Noah requested, his voice low