Written for: Dina. Prompts - WolfStar Soulmate!AU Great AU Competition - Soulmate!AU - Impulse, "You have got to be kidding me.", Flowers Royal Pains Dedicated to Dina :) Remus carefully wiped the blood from his favourite daggers, using the edge of the bed sheets. He hated getting blood onto his things and having to clean dried blood away. He liked it all to be clean and spotless. Once the daggers were clean, Remus looked at the body on the floor by the fireplace and sighed. He silently cursed Dursley for breaking pattern that night. Remus had been watching and every night at midnight, Dursley would order one more drink before going home. Remus had made sure to be in the tavern and he had brought the drink over, slipping a potion inside of it. It was a sleeping draught that he had perfected. Charlus himself had taught Remus how to mix potions and Remus knew he didn't make a mistake. The only way Dursley could have been awake is if he didn't drink his last drink of the night. But that was breaking the pattern he had established. Remus had been concerned when he had brought the drink over and spotted Petunia Dursley sitting quietly next to her husband as he showed her off to his loud friends. She had smiled politely, looking like she wished she was anywhere else but by his side. After a deep breath, Remus grabbed Dursley and heaved him back up to the chair. He hated leaving the bodies just laying around on the floor. It brought back bad memories. That's why he usually killed them in the middle of the night. They were usually in bed at the time and didn't even know what was happening. Once the man was on his chair once more, Remus glanced into the bedroom, noticing that Vernon's wife was sleeping quite heavily. He suspected that she had possibly drunk his drink. Perhaps there had been a mix-up at the table? Taking advantage of this, Remus crept into the room and slipped the rings from her finger. Women were sentimental over things like rings, he'd learned. If she kept the ring, she would have taken a long time to move on, even if she didn't want to be with him. That's how the soulmate thing worked. You still had to work to fall in love and you still mourned them even if you barely knew them. He looked around the room some more and took a few things of Vernon's that would make him some gold. He found a book of magic hidden between the bed and the wall and stared at it for a long time. He knew from what James had told him, that Dursley hated magic with a passion. James had told him that Petunia had shared her husband's hatred for it, but the book proved otherwise. Feeling sorry for the woman who clearly desired to learn magic, Remus opened his small bag and reached inside. He pulled out a staff that wasn't too valuable and set it on the bedside table, along with the book. The staff was perfect for beginners. He hoped Lily would be happy with the job. He hadn't met the girl yet, but James had been quite shifty in regards to her. He implied that Remus would meet her, which was new. It wasn't common for the assassins to meet a client - not one who was coming to visit them. Remus knew there was a story and he'd get it out of James. Lily had wanted her sister back. She didn't want her big sister married to the pig of a man who treated her like she was only there to make him look better and nothing more. She knew her sister was unhappy though Petunia would never admit it as she had been romanticizing the whole 'having a soulmate' thing all of her life. The only way to free Petunia from a life of misery was to get rid of Vernon Dursley. As Remus slipped out of the house and into the shadows, watching the guards pass unknowing to what had just happened, he thought back to James' odd behaviour. James had only been in charge of the assassins for half of a year. Ever since he started getting the visions. Charlus had been so proud and had retired from the lifestyle, finally able to pass leadership to the two boys he raised. James' visions allowed him to see anyone perform the ritual, but they also allowed him to see things that affected his life. Six months in and James had taken the contract of a girl who had almost nothing to offer. Remus was nosy and needed to know what caused James to accept so easily. He himself had met James the same way. When he had called for the assassins minutes before he passed out, his body shutting down, and Charlus and James had arrived and healed him and given him a home. All Remus had to offer were the few belongings he owned. Two gold coins he had received from running errands all day in town, a few bits of charcoal that had been discarded by their previous owner for being too short (though they were enough for Remus) some books Remus had found and two precious items: his mother's ring and his father's cup. Both pretty much worthless to others, but to Remus, they were priceless. Charlus had taken the contract for the worthless junk and had given it all back to Remus a few years later after Remus had learnt the trade and been sent to kill the man he had contacted the assassins to kill years before. His first contract, his first kill and his first reward. Greyback had brought it all on himself for taking away Remus' family. The guards moved into the distance and Remus slipped through the shadows again and quickly made his way out of the town. No-one who was awake at that time of morning even noticed him. ...oOo... James was awake and relaxing in front of the fire with a drink when Remus came in. "I expected you a couple of hours ago," he said in way of greeting. Remus grinned. "Don't tell me you were worried." "Merely concerned," James replied, "Any troubles?" "A family of trolls were in my path. The smallest was clearly very young. I didn't want to kill a family. I waited until they had left." James smiled at his friend. "That doesn't surprise me. So… how did it go?" "He wasn't asleep when I arrived. The potion didn't affect him. I suspect his wife may have taken his drink instead as she was sleeping so heavily when I was there. But the contract is fulfilled." "Good," James murmured. He sighed. "You have questions?" "What does this girl mean to you?" Remus asked, taking a seat facing James. "She means a lot. Don't give me the answer you gave to the rest of them. We grew up together, James. We sat in front of this fire almost every night with Mum and Dad. Sometimes we still do. I know when you're hiding something." James slowly nodded. "I wanted it to be a secret for now," he replied. "You know my visions?" Remus nodded his head. He knew James had been getting the visions, allowing him to take over his father's group of assassins. The visions showed him when someone did the ritual to contact them. "Well, it's not just the rituals I can see. Father never really explained what they are like, but when I focused properly and thought about my soulmate, I could almost see her. They've been getting clearer the more I get used to things, but imagine my surprise when I looked for her again and the vision showed me that she was collecting the very things to summon the assassins." James smiled goofily. "It's fate. She was summoning us and I could never take anything from her. She's my soulmate." Remus nodded and smiled at James, glad James found someone. Remus didn't like to think of soulmates because anyone who ended up with him was clearly cursed to be miserable and Remus didn't want someone who would be disappointed in who they were stuck with. That or disgusted that he was an assassin. "That's why I went to meet her myself," James continued. "Usually, I'd send someone else, but I needed to meet with her. When I reached for her hand, she realised who I was to her. I wasn't just the assassin who would arrange for her brother-in-law to disappear… no. I'm also her soulmate. The man who wants to make her happy. She'll be here soon with her parents. They aren't aware of the circumstances in which we met of course." "How far does she need to travel?" "She's only in the next town. She'll be travelling in two weeks. She—" The fire flickered and the smile slipped from James' face. He froze, staring at nothing as his eyes glazed over. Remus waited patiently. He had freaked out the first time it had happened, but had gotten used to it. "The Queen of Slytherin," he whispered. After a few minutes, James' focus returned. "We have a new job: a big job," James said. "The queen doesn't want us to go there to meet with her. She wants us to go there in time for her son's eighteenth birthday and kill him. She's worried about what will happen when he takes the throne." "How is she paying?" "The biggest payment ever. Do you think we can take this on, Remus? Maybe we should call my dad." Remus chuckled. "We're contracted to kill the cruel and twisted son of a terrible queen. He's going to be just like her, I'm sure. After all, what mother would kill her own child otherwise?" "To stop him taking the crown? But she explained in the ritual that her other son would be a good ruler… so it's just the eldest that's the problem." "We leave tomorrow," Remus said, after a moment's thought. "The two of us?" "It's a castle and though we're good, we don't want to risk it. Let's bring Frank and Pete. Get Pete to go on tonight to scout the place out." "I'll go and get him now before bed," Remus replied, standing up. "Plan?" "You get us past the guards. I'll make the kill. Frank is back-up for casualties. Pete stakes out the place beforehand." Remus nodded his head. "Goodnight, James. Go get some sleep." ...oOo... James went to his father, but Charlus was confident in his son's abilities. The team they had put together worked for the big job. Peter, with his shapeshifting powers, wasn't good at the assassination part, but was an excellent lookout and scout. Remus knew it was his job to follow Peter's plan to get through the castle and to the rooms. He was to take out all of the guards before they could raise any alarms. Frank was there in case, since it was a castle full of guards and someone might get missed/stumble upon them and there may be injuries, and James was there to do the killing as requested by the queen. Remus smiled at the idea. James' favourite ruse was buddying up to the target in a tavern. He was the master of deception, quickly befriending the target and slipping poison into their drinks, or killing them as they staggered home. James had no qualms about leaving the body where it fell. James wasn't the type to take someone out when they were sleeping, but this was a big contract and Remus had fought with James before when they had practiced. He knew there was no-one as deadly as James Potter. He had no doubts for the success of the hit. ...oOo... Remus woke a little earlier than expected. He didn't plan on killing any of the guards and