Written for: Hogwarts - Arithmancy Task 1 - Task: Write about how "third time's the charm." Wonderland Dedicated to Amber: Prompts: Wonderland!AU, Swirl, Glitter, Looking for shapes in clouds. Thanks to Shannon and Lizzy for betaing, and to Sam for helping me when I was stuck on what to do. :) Sirius sat in silence in the carriage, hiding his painted nails from his parents' disapproving looks. He knew something was going on: something was happening and he hated not knowing or being a part of this big secret. The secret that had his mother wearing her best hat. He just knew it was something that he wasn't going to like. Especially with the pitying glances Regulus was shooting him when his parents weren't paying attention. Sirius sighed and slouched down in his seat, uncomfortable as the carriage headed up the bumpy road. A pointed cough had him straightening up quickly, and he turned his focus quickly from his mother's glare to the window, relieved to spot the Black family estate - his second home. He liked the estate better than their London home, but his mother liked lording it over all of the other women around London Town and his father had a highly paying job. They were the most sought after family… but here—here at the estate, Sirius had a little bit more freedom. He was able to escape his mother's watchful eye and would explore the grounds more thoroughly. He even dreamt of the grounds and another world beyond them. His father thought the dreams were nightmares, but as he grew up, his dreams seemed to focus more and more on one man from his childhood. A friendly stranger who he had sat to tea with before continuing his adventure. A man with the strangest amber eyes. A colour he had searched for when meeting new friends of his parents, but failed to see outside of his dreams. His mother scolded him when he told his parents about the dream. She thought his head was too far in the clouds and his time outside became restricted. He was made to study harder, and a second tutor taken on to ensure that Sirius had the best possible learning. There wasn't time to dream about the magical place… though for the last couple of years, the dreams had returned full force. The last time he had dreamt was the previous night. The man had appeared again, telling him different words than the other dreams. "It's time to come back." The dream left him with a strange sense of calm that he hadn't felt in a long time. Something about the man soothed him and took away the worry and hurt that his parents always left him with. He didn't get to see his brother much due to the tiresome schedules they both had, only seeing him during meals… and the dreams made him feel less alone. Where Regulus embraced the world that his parents were raising him in, Sirius longed to run from it; he longed to be free. As they approached the doors of the house, Sirius noticed a lot more people were arriving. He looked around the carriage once more, taking in the pleased look on his mother's lips, the slight frown on his father's, and that Regulus was biting on his lip. Regulus never bit his lip. A garden party, perhaps? But the people were rather dressed up for a garden party. Elaborate headwear and dresses, fancy suits… what was going on? He fidgeted in his seat, eager to get out of the carriage, even if he had a bad feeling about what was going to happen at this event. Though he was sure he could avoid it as he knew many hiding places in the grounds. He'd need to hide because all he could see was his parents stuffy friends. He pulled at the collar of his shirt. The carriage felt too hot and he felt trapped. "Don't worry, Sirius," Walburga said, comfortingly, reaching out and patting his hand and giving him a rare smile. "You'll get wrinkles if you continue to frown. You are going to make us proud today." Sirius gaped at his mother. Walburga Black was never kind or caring towards him. Yes, something was terribly, terribly wrong. Sirius turned his attention to the sky. Hopefully the clouds meant that it would rain and the party would be over quickly. Though the sky was blue and calm. Sirius found himself getting lost in the shapes of the clouds. ...oOo... "Sirius," Alecto murmured, smiling at him, though her smile was cold, empty. "It is good to see you again." "You too, Alecto," Sirius replied, not even bothering to smile. He was already trying to plan his escape from the party and from Alecto, one of the most cold and detestable woman he had ever met. Well, second only to his mother of course. "Would you care to dance?" Sirius resisted the urge to pull away as Alecto manhandled him to the dance-floor. He couldn't even try and be charming, scared she would get the wrong idea. She was the type to latch on to poor unfortunate men and suck the life out of them... He wasn't really into women doing any kind of sucking. Now… if it were someone as handsome as Lucius... that would be a whole other story. He smirked at the thought, but Alecto nudged him sharply to start dancing. Sirius looked at anything but his dance partner. This dancing was dull, boring. Like the rest of his life. He wanted some excitement and some freedom. This couldn't be his life, could it? He couldn't spend the rest of it doing these mundane garden parties and these unappealing dances with the worst women he had ever met in his life. His eyes moved over the crowd, most of which were looking at him and Alecto dance, which worried Sirius, until his gaze fell on two men further away. They seemed to be having their own conversation and there was a lot of gesturing. A man in a red waistcoat was pointing towards him and then towards an oversized pocketwatch, and the other man in the large hat was sipping tea and seemed unconcerned. It was almost enough to make him stop dancing, but Alecto had a tight hold on him. Sirius glanced around, searching for his mother. If she saw the strangers, she would have descended on them quickly and removed them from the event, but he didn't want her to see them. When he found her, she was proudly watching, looking quite pleased with herself. Sirius felt even more scared. He glanced back to where the two men had been, but they were gone. ...oOo... Sirius managed to escape after the dance, and quickly headed towards where he had seen the men standing last. Something was telling him that he needed to talk to these men. He needed to see who they were and why they were there. He had a feeling that they weren't part of the garden-party, but a part of something else entirely. Sirius needed to know. His fingers toyed with the cuff of his shirt as he glanced around, searching. A flash of red towards the maze caught his eye and Sirius rushed towards the hedge, not even thinking about his actions anymore. He had one single goal. To find the men. Sirius moved through the maze, flashes of that waistcoat at the end of each turning told him which way to turn and he stopped walking and began to run. The man seemed to evade him, speeding up too. He knew that eventually he would catch him. He turned around another corner and found himself at another entrance of the maze, where his mother stood, her hands on her hips and a displeased expression on her face. She didn't venture into the maze, simply standing under the arch of the hedge, silently watching him. "Mother," Sirius began. "Sirius," she began, clearly holding back the words she would have uttered were they alone. "This is not how I raised you to behave, running around like some common… child. I suggest you take a moment to straighten yourself out and then come back to the party. You are acting undignified, and I warn you, do not bring shame on our family today." She didn't move and Sirius knew there was no chance of escape and no chance of following the red waistcoated man. He ran his hand over his clothes, fixed the ribbon that was holding his long hair back, and followed his mother. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see red. His mother sent him to mingle with the visitors and Sirius grudgingly headed towards where some tables had been set up in the grounds. He looked between them, each set of guests looking more dull than the last, until his eyes reached the last table, sitting a short way from the others. The hat. It was the man who was with the red-waistcoated man, and he looked… familiar somehow. As Sirius wracked his brain, trying to think of how he knew that man, he found himself walking over to the table, taking a seat to the man's right. He studied the man. His eyes were closed and he was clutching a teacup in his hands. Dark blonde hair was hidden under the large hat and Sirius longed to reach out and touch the hat. There was something about it. His fingers moved of their own accord, and... Lips curved up into a smile. "You came to find me!" Sirius quickly pulled his hand back. The man's eyes were still closed, so thankfully he didn't see what Sirius had tried to do. "I… I saw you earlier when I was dancing," Sirius replied. "I'm Sirius Black. I don't believe I've seen you at one of these parties before." "Because I've never been to one. Dreadfully boring, aren't they? One must be out of their mind to attend… or perhaps not even then…" Sirius stared at the man uncertainly. "Did you come here with one of the guests?" "I came here with James. He's not happy with you, you know. You're late. Naughty." On the last word, the man's eyes opened and Sirius found himself staring into the amber eyes that he knew only from his dreams. His mouth dropped open. "Your eyes…" he murmured. "I know your eyes, but how?" The man merely smiled at him. "Who are you, Sir?" "Sir? That's a new one. I usually get called Hatter." The man sipped at his cup of tea, before frowning. "Not enough sugar." He reached into his pockets and pulled out a small container of sugar, pouring some of it into his drink. A spoon was retrieved from another pocket and he stirred it. "I believe you know who I am and before you ask, you know why I'm here." "I do?" Sirius asked. "See! I knew it!" the man exclaimed happily. "Now, if you'll just hurry along, James is waiting to show you the way." "I'm afraid you have things mistaken," Sirius replied, leaning back in his chair, his eyes never leaving the man's eyes. "I feel like we've met before, but I'm not sure where. At night…" he trailed off, not wanting to admit to having dreams that may have featured this man. His mother would scold him for saying such things. "How about I tell you that everything you want, you almost had once before. But you were so young at that time. You… you weren't supposed to be there so we brought you back. The clock shows that now is the time for you." "Everything I want?" Sirius asked. This man knew nothing of what he truly wanted. "Freedom, a life that's your own… adventure. A home which isn't laden with the responsibilities of following in your father's footsteps." Okay, the man did know what Sirius wanted. "Or