Sméagol travelled wearily down the trail, defeated and lost. He had failed to get his hands on the Precious. First had been that awful light, that had shattered the darkness of terror in which Shelob had for so long dwelt. It had been to Sméagol as though the white Face had suddenly descended itself into the dark lair, and his eyes had been stung even as he watched from afar. He could not imagine how it must have been for Shelob, much closer to the source of the hated light, but he could not blame her for her unwillingness to approach it. No, it was the elves who were to blame, the hated elves who had so long ago captured the starlight in the phial, suppressing it, so that at the last moment it had burst forth in a desperate yet failed bid for freedom, blinding all about in its unremitting fury. His hatred for the elves intensified as he realised that it was their designs that had thwarted him – their contrivances that had kept his Ring in the hands of a thief. It was their fault that Shelob had been repelled, and had failed him, so that the hobbits had escaped. Then there had been the incident with the fat hobbit. He had seen Shelob sneak out and creep up behind his master, and an ephemeral flare of hope had kindled in his heart, as he realised that not all hope was lost. He had crept up behind the fat hobbit, who was distracted and had not noticed him. Jubilantly he had jumped onto his quarry, mocking him with venomous words as his hands sought for the throat. That was his mistake – gloating and giving his enemy that last spark of hatred, the impetus that had driven him off. For that, he had only himself to blame. Then he had watched as the fat hobbit had single-handedly defeated Her Ladyship. As he had, with the aid of the elves, pierced the hide that no blade had yet dared to strike, and had chased her away. But then the orcs had come, even as the fat hobbit wept over Frodo's listless frame. The fat one had hidden, and the orcs had grabbed the body, hauling it off toward the tower to fulfil whatever dark designs were in their black hearts. Feeling the wounds that Sam had inflicted on him, he cringed. Revenge was what he wanted. Revenge was what he would have. "We hates them, precious," he muttered quietly. Then the other voice spoke, coming from deep within him, in acquiescence. "Ohh yes. Poke out their eyeses, we will. Gollum! " * * * Onward he travelled, following the path that the orcs had taken; stopping once or twice to listen, but he heard little but the din from the distant Tower. Frodo was up there, Sméagol supposed, and so was the Precious. For now, he could not get It. But the enemy was fighting. The orcs, in the manner of their kind, were killing their own companions. It seemed that naught could ever assuage their bloodlust. He hoped that his master was still paralysed, or already dead, for wresting the Ring from a former bearer was nigh on unfeasible. Instead, he hoped that he was only waiting for the last of the orcs to succumb to his partner's sword before the way was clear. He only had to wait, and then he would break in, fish through the corpses, and… The thought of the Ring filled his mind, the perfection of the smooth circle of gold. If he had It, life would be good. As the noise died down, he prepared to enter. But just as he neared the wall, he heard someone approaching. He stopped moving and threw himself against the dark stone, melting into the shadows. Two orcs came running toward him, fear in their eyes. "Watch out! Shagrat's boys have archers!" one of them hissed to its companion, in the Black Speech, which Sméagol knew from his imprisonment in Mordor. Hearing it again made him cringe, as he remembered the darkest days of his life, cold and naked, splayed out on the table, his chest and genitalia open to the cruel knives and fists of the orcs. Ringless, forced to give Sauron the information that He needed to reclaim the Precious, forced by pain to tear apart his very soul - the secrets of the Precious's location spilling out through his wounds as he fought and failed to endure the everlasting agony. But even as he recalled those horrors he felt an arrow whiz over his head, and it plummeted into the flesh of the orc nearest him, who stumbled and fell to the ground just before his feet. Sméagol started, pushing himself even more firmly against the rock wall encircling the tower, as the other orc threw itself to the ground, then rushed back to its companion, who lay moaning softly, a sizable shaft protruding from its neck. The unhurt orc bent down and tore a strip of its sleeve, carefully removing the arrow from its companion's neck and using the cloth to staunch the bleeding. But this altruistic act, inspired by what, Sméagol couldn't guess, cost the orc its life, for Sméagol managed to creep up behind it and get his hands around its filthy neck, and as it gurgled and spluttered, its companion profusely bleeding on the ground beside it, Sméagol felt for the Ring. His hope was that these orcs had grabbed It and ran, but it was a vain hope. The Precious was not on them. Yet, while he waited, he was aware of some business that needed to be attended to - some revenge that needed to be taken. The denizens of Mordor had not yet been repaid for the suffering he had endured. The suffering that had forever changed him, the agony that had damaged his heart beyond healing, had not been avenged. Of course, there was no way to make it completely right, for some wounds can never heal, and his suffering in the stronghold of Sauron could never be avenged, no erased from Sméagol's memory. Yet he could still take it out, could still discharge some of the hatred and rage against those monsters that had caused him to endure the unendurable pain. He looked up to ensure that the fighting in the tower ensued, and, pleased that it did, he turned his attention to the orc beside him – the one not yet dead, which had received the arrow wound to its neck. It looked up at him with pleading eyes, begging, perhaps, for him to end its suffering, but Sméagol's eyes lit up with a fell green that he saw reflected in the black eyes of the orc. He would make it suffer – make it pay. With a hiss and a growl, he grabbed the arrow from the ground and stabbed it into the orc's arm, clamping its mouth shut with his other arm. He felt it squirm and struggle beneath him but the loss of blood had weakened it to the point where its efforts were futile. Then, relishing in his vengeance, he tore the shaft across the orcs arm, then dug his fingers in the wound and tore hard, grabbing the flap of skin and tearing it off the arm, the orc below thrashing and trying to scream with its last reserves of strength. The other arm he tore at too, twisting it backwards until he heard the satisfying snap of the bones breaking, and felt the muffled scream of the agonised orc beneath his hand. He then stabbed the arrow into the monster's abdomen, and then yanked it out, digging his fingers into the orc's flesh and tearing it apart. But he heard something, and suddenly he froze. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw that someone else was making toward the tower. In horror, Sméagol recognised Sam, undoubtedly coming to his master's rescue. "Cursesss," Sméagol hissed, wrenching his hands out of the orc and punching it hard in the stomach to release some frustration. But as he did so, he unintentionally released his hold on the demon's mouth. In the brief second that he looked down into its dark and unforgiving eyes, he expected it to curse him, to scream, but it did not. Instead, it gasped one word, soft and light, yet strained by the agony it had just endured: "Why?" And then, having said all that it had wanted to, it at last succumbed to death, and later that one word haunted Sméagol more than any curse could have. * * * But at the moment, there were other things on his mind, foremost, his master and the fat hobbit. He waited. Bells rang out. Still Sméagol didn't move. He would wait until the hobbits left the tower. Once they emerged, weakened and burdened by the weight of the Precious, he would strike at them, and kill them. He stared down at his bloody hands, black and sticky with the orc's blood, and imagined them, around the necks of the hobbits, sighing in pleasure as he did so. Then there would be nothing between him and It. Soon enough they surfaced from the cold depths of the tower, dressed in orc-fashion, though Sméagol smelled them well before he saw them. He began to follow at a safe distance, observing them, trying to see signs of their weakness. They hobbled slowly across the barren land, his master struggling under the weight of the Precious, the fat one supporting him. Sméagol slowly advanced. He tripped on a rock, and was sent sprawling noiselessly to the hard earth. Furious, Sméagol got back up and resumed his pursuit. He was fuming as his carelessness – he never tripped anymore. His movements had become delicate and subtle after five hundred years of practice. He realised that the exhaustion and lack of food was debilitating him as much as it was affecting the hobbits. He did not have the advantage of speed that he was accustomed to having. Despairingly, he figured he was not yet strong enough to win a fight against the hobbits. He was as malnourished as they were, even more so, perhaps. But he had patience, the same patience that had allowed him to set up the trap at Shelob's Lair. He could wait, for he knew that he would reclaim the precious by the end. No one wanted it more than he did, and when the battle of strength became a battle of will and perseverance, he knew that he would triumph. From the hobbits' talk, he gathered that they were heading to Mount Doom. Also, Sméagol could tell they were swiftly weakening. The burden of the Precious made each step a hundred times more difficult, and by the time the hobbits reached the fiery mountain, they would not have a chance. Sméagol knew he had to travel ahead to the mountain, and wait to ambush them there. Getting the Ring was the only thing important to him, and to do so, it was essential that his opponents be as weak as possible. "We waitss and gets stronger, oh yes, Precioussss. Then we wrings their filthy neckses!" Satisfied with his plan, Sméagol stopped trailing the hobbits, and went on ahead, down the road to Orodruin. The journey was not as difficult as he had expected it to be, as hope propelled him onward. He passed many companies of orcs, but he was well trained in staying hidden. Sméagol had difficulty finding nourishment, as nothing edible seemed to grow in Gorgoroth, and game seemed to be utterly absent. Water was exceptionally hard to find. However, he occasionally found scraps of food along the way, most likely some that had fallen out of travelling orcs' pockets. These he devoured hungrily, caring not what the meat was, for he needed nutrition to sustain himself, in order to get the