Tom Riddle hated birthday parties. He hated the ceremony of them, the numbed-back sitting on the wooden benches as he waited for the idiot clever enough to have been born to claim his feeble prize. He hated the sentimentality of them, the solid rubber faces of the matrons straining as they smiled down on them like they had just then remembered such muscle contortions were possible in the human species. More than anything though, he hated the laughable inauthenticity of them, like watching a bad play. The teacher who'd whippedthe boy's back blue in the classroom, the matron who'd beratedthe boy to hysterics both lining up with wooden hugs and even more wooden praises while their audience watched the show with all the youthful enjoyment of prisoners dragged there against their will. He didn't know why he was still forced to participate in such nonsense, why he even had to return to the damned orphanage every summer when he had never been liked or wanted there, not once. It was all Dumbledore's fault, that daft fool. He still remembered the day he had learned about it. He'd marched into his office, of a mind to outline all the injustices and hypocrisies inlaid in a rule created hundreds of years ago with no further purpose but to serve the whims of rich wizarding families who wished to complete the magical education of their cherished brats in the summer months with excursions abroad. The truth was he had been looking forward to his first summer spent in the castle. Looking forward to passing entire days in the library, the magnificence of the grounds and many rooms to explore as he pleased, free of the noise and distraction that had made up the school year. Dumbledore had heard every single argument, had shaken his head at the 'sad truth of it all,' and then gone and slapped him in the face anyway. ' The school grounds are off limits to any student following the end of term' he'd condescended to explain ' —regardless of the financial status of that student's family and regardless of their ah —popularity.' He'd 'suggested' with the usual disgusting glint in his eye that it might be 'beneficial' for with his newfound insight into the wizarding world he might understand the muggles better. That he might 'make a friend.' He'd barely been able to keep a straight face at that. The fool could make as many chums of the hare-brained and the sheep as he liked, but he would never let him tear off his claws without a fight. This birthday party was not like the previous years. Instead of the usual sombre gathering, the matrons had packed them up into cars and driven until the fumes and noise of the city had all been left behind and they were rolling into the even streets and pristine two-storey detacheds of a brand new suburb. Tom had thought they were lost before one of the matrons had thrown the door open and dumped them all on the doorsteps of a house. An actual house. With normal people. A family, Tom had realized, staring at the man and woman shifting from foot to foot in the doorway with nervous smiles, one arm each slung protectively around the wide-eyed toddler in front of them as though afraid their orphanness might rub off on the brat. He had later learned, wandering listlessly in the backyard (already set up in balloons and streamers in cheerful blues and oranges) that the couple wanted to adopt, and they had their eye on the finest of the stock—the darling birthday boy Michael Finch. Apparently, he had impressed the couple quite a bit with his 'polished' manners and maturity. He had sat arrow straight in his little chair during the interview and asked them what they did for a living and listened with bright eyes as the lackwitsran their mouths. When he had heard about the older brother little Abby had lost to pneumonia he had shed some very pretty tears and asked… Who will take care of her now? "It was all very touching,"he heard matron Theresa proclaim, dabbing away a tear of her own. Happy endings were not common at Wool's, but those that came to pass were milked for all they were worth. It seemed the couple had already submitted the necessary paperwork and were only waiting for the documents to be processed and some other administrative affairs to be completed before they could safely add the child to their collection. They had, however, grown quite attached to little Michael, and could hardly bear the thought of leaving him alone for his birthday. It was not hard to imagine how that particular conversation had gone with Mrs Cole, one begging for the privilege of spoiling the brat while the other adamantly repeating no unadopted child could leave the premises, each going on until a compromise had finally been reached. All or none. Sixteen orphan boys or zero. It was, in all respects, highlyunorthodox. Tom decided he would explore the place while the matrons set up the party table. He waited until the woman's back was turned and the man was busy with the barbecue before sneaking back into the house. He threw a disinterested look at the living room with its sturdy furniture and uninspired spattering of family photos. He slinked into the kitchen, ravenously following the smell of food to the oven and tearing with his bare hands a piece of the apple pie within. He worked through every room on the main floor as he ate, taking the stairs two at a time to the upper floor. He opened and closed doors with a methodical compulsion, noting the brand new state of the doll house in the toddler's room and the freshly starched linen sheets in the master bedroom like a warden might take note of a new inmate's possessions, only pausing when he came upon the door at the end of the corridor. Somehow, he knew what it was, even without opening it. Dust had swept a fine rug over the patch of floor right in front of it and the doorknob stuck to the frame before he managed to twist it free, blinking in the sudden dimness of the room. He soon saw why—the blinds had been drawn shut and an additional cloth been thrown over it to prevent any more than a thin sliver of light from getting in. The bed was neatly tucked, and so was the stack of faded comics on the dresser at the side. A glint caught his eye which he saw was the tin smoke stack of a train-set, disassembled and placed in an old hat box beneath the window. The other boy's room. The one who died. It was nothing special, in truth. All frail and faded like the dried up exoskeleton of an insect long dead. It should have been detritus by now but no doubt the diligent efforts of the couple could be thanked for that. He scoffed. If they had discovered a way to remold the boy from his old skin, he wanted to see it. It'll be Michael's room soon. The thought made him unreasonably angry. What right did he have to enjoy this life? If the couple was so impressed by serial bed-wetters who wailed like infants at the smallest suggestion they were not the pivot around which the adult population turned, then they ought to adopt half the orphanage. For God's sake, the imbecile's favourite hobby was trying to convince anyone who would listen that Spain was actually in South America! This was the dolt they'd decided to uplift in the world? Before he could think twice Tom had walked over to the other end of the room. He brought his heel down on the train set with all his might, stomping over and over again until the cars were in dented pieces and the locomotive lay on its side, no more than mangled garbage. Someone had forgotten to turn off the wireless downstairs. The tinny voice of the news announcer carried over to him and he stilled on the staircase to listen. "— sixth case of arson just this month in the greater London area to which police as of yet do not have a suspect. Experts, however, claim it is not two different offenders as the events thus far suggest but only a single deranged man behind the grisly crimes that have claimed forty-six lives since their inception six months ago, the most serious being the department store inferno that experts claim was started by a cigarette and highly flammable bedding material combination set on a long fuse and left at the scene of the crime hours earlier—" The sound grew faint when he stepped back outside. He dug around his pocket for a cigarette as he continued to listen. He put it between his lips with a smile. Tom wolfed down his portion of lasagna with a hunger that would have challenged any full-sized bear fresh out of hibernation. He did not stop to swallow before lunging towards the other end of the table for the last of the chicken wings. He had abandoned the knife and fork for the versatility of his hands, and grease dribbled down both his fingers and mouth before he dabbed it away roughly with a napkin. A fine smear of grease remained on his Coke bottle as he slurped the drink to the last drop with the kind of barefaced delight that, he imagined, was more often seen in fine wine tastings than suburban children's parties with second-rate store bought drinks. But then again, he couldn't say he had much experience with either. He could feel the disapproving stares of the matrons on the back of his neck like vultures. He knew they would wait until the right moment to turn on him, but the sting of the cane was an all too familiar one and had ceased to intimidate him years ago. And besides , he thought, looking at one freckled boy wipe the bits of food clinging to his mouth with the back of his hand, I won't be the only one. When it came time for the cake, Tom couldn't help the gasp that escaped his lips at the sight of the soft spongey thing, frosting practically dripping off its candle laden tiers. He could see an identical expression of hungry disbelief on the faces of the other boys—the pastry was a far cry from the tasteless and unadorned lump of dough they were all accustomed to. It seemed almost obscene that this couple should possess such a monument of sugar when half the country was already rioting jobless and gaunt on the streets. The gifts were placed at the far end of the table from smallest to largest, the wrapping paper blue and carefully taped. It soon littered the ground in torn bits as Michael enthusiastically extracted the prized items within. Tinker toys, a box of Scrabble, crayons, a spinning top and, to much exclamations of admiration, a set of toy soldiers complete with tiny planes and battlecruisers. The adults left the children to their games and after an hour of frenzied war re-enactment an argument broke out that had the birthday boy marching off in tears to the adult table. The other boys resumed the fun unbothered, and soon they had devised a game of tag involving sprinting down a row of bushes, past a wooden swing and completing the course with a jump over a wrought iron flamingo stuck decoratively into the grass, although—Tom observed with some amusement at the sheer idiocy—more often than not the sharp upraised point of the beak would graze one leg or another until nearly no one was left of the group who didn't sport a bloody scratch or two. It was only after the boys grew bored and began searching for deadlier obstacles to enliven the game—or