He stands motionless in the midst of the crowd, the masses ebbing and flowing, swirling and parting all around him. A river with no purpose, no direction in particular, simply moulding itself to the rise and fall of the landscape. A dizzying phantasmagoria of sights and sounds, blazing electric lights and the overpowering smell of food, dings and clangs and peals of laughter from all directions, the small voices of children, booming voices of announcers upon their stages—and of course, himself—small, unnoticed—at the very centre. A red and white striped banner hanging above the park entrance cheerfully spells out: Welcome to the Hampstead Heath Fairground! Tom Riddle has never been to a fair before. The intensity of the noise is almost too much—the sheer number of people nudging past him, all eager to see the wonderful sights before the sun set and the night crowds in all their numbers descended upon the rides. Rows of stalls stretch out before him on the grassy park grounds, nearly overflowing into the main street that was closed for traffic in favour of additional parking space to the visitors. It being August, the holidays were already in full swing and hundreds of families had descended upon the grounds, all bent on taking full advantage of the fair's last day before it packed up for the year. Sun tanned young men joked and clapped each other on the back, housewives in neatly styled hair lingered in the shade to scold flighty children, or absentminded husbands, while others simply sat to escape the full strength of the noon sun. It was made even more unbearable by a recent heat wave working its way through the city, encouraging the more well-off to flock to the seaside or holiday resorts while those who could not afford to leave their businesses or who simply could not afford a holiday did their best to alleviate the heat with makeshift fans or pouches of ice pressed behind the neck. Today the heat felt more like a wool blanket hanging in the air, waiting for the right moment to fall and suffocate them all. Tom feels a bead of warm sweat trickle between his collar and down his back as he squints down the radiating concrete road and throws an envious glance at a man lounging on the grass in a light cotton shirt. The orphanage uniform feels smothering today, but there is hardly anything he can do about that. He does not have the luxury to pop into a department store to buy a decent shirt, neither does he have money to buy proper shoes—ones that had not been mended three times over with glue yet still lifted at the heel every time he crouched down. He'd already spent the majority of his ten pence on the bus ticket here, if he wasn't more careful with the rest he'd be taking an evening stroll back to the orphanage. The majority of the teachers and matrons had taken their leave weeks ago due to the holidays. It had been a ceremonious affair filled with well-wishing and the few who remained were glad to leave the children to their own devices between the hours of breakfast and dinner, given that they finished their daily chores as usual. For most of the boys, this meant a perfunctory washing of the lobby steps or a hurried scrubbing of the breakfast plates in the kitchen basin. The quicker you were done the more time you could spend in the yard playing with the other children. It was a routine Tom did not look forward to, having grown accustomed to both the discipline of cold school mornings and to the hard teachers. As much as he despised them, he understood their expectations, their petty grievances, the exact amount of push it took to bump you up from six to twelve of "the best" lashes. Needless to say, he was not particularly popular amongst the other children, not that he could give a damn what any of them thought. Most of them were imbeciles, content at being common to the core—middling students and brainless bullies who didn't give a shilling whether they were headed to the lumberyard or the cobbler's shop once they reached leaving age. The disgust and hatred on his part was balanced by fear and apprehension on theirs. He knew they sensed he was special and he knew they were frightened of what he could do; the great and terrible things their minds were too feeble to comprehend even if their eyes happened to catch the odd glimpse. He knew they were frightened because they could not explain what he did, could not compare it to the simplicity of classroom brawls, the clean-cut routine of alliances and falling-outs, broken slates and broken noses. They could not understand him so they practiced the only thing they knew how; avoidance. The occasional bully would arise of course, but Tom was always more than happy to remind them the taste of fear they seemed to have forgotten. It was this usual routine that Tom thus found himself in two weeks into the holidays, bored out of his mind. He'd taken to sitting in the library after breakfast, sifting through the collection of religious texts and ratty picture books for anything worth reading, settling that day for Dickens' Great Expectations . He had already read it of course—there was little in the library that had not yet passed through his hands—but given the fact it had been at least three months since, he thought it was as good as anything for whittling away the hours till dinner. "Which have you got? Let me see!" Tom's ears had prickled at the voices filtering through the open window of the library. Craning his neck slightly from his seat had allowed him a fair vantage point on the three boys squatting in the shade of the courtyard below. A thick-set ginger by the name of Eddie that he recognized as being a year older than him and two younger boys he'd once seen around the corridors doing chores. A makeshift football of rags and strings sat on the cobblestones in front of them, forgotten for the time being as the boys chattered over a deck of cigarette cards spread in front of them. "Whiteside again! I got at least six now. How 'bout you?" "Bryn Jones" the scrawny one grinned triumphantly, jerking the card away from the grubby hands of the boy next to him, a pasty soft looking boy referred to as Rudolph by the other two. "They're bloody rigged, I tell you. Keep fillin 'em up with nothin' but Blackburn Rovers and scrapping all the decent players! If I get another Ernie Thompson, I swear I'll flush the lot down the toilet!" Tom had tuned out their tedious tirade to get back to the book but any chance of focus had soon disappeared. "—heard the Duke of Windsor's comin' down!" Rudolph interrupted enthusiastically as the scrawny boy snorted. "Who cares 'bout some posh bastard when Tornado Smith's gonna be there ridin' circles round the place!" "Really? Where'd ya hear that?" "Sam the peddler left the flyer yesterday, see? Says there'll be a real Bengal tiger too! And an Indian fakir in cloth of gold! Reckon he'll be levitating?" "Don't be ridiculous. It'll be a bed of nails, if anything. My cousin saw the act two years ago and he said the nails went straight through and he went straight to sleep after as if they were nothin' but a tickle! An Indian shish-kabob!" Tom had listened to the dialogue with a yawn and the prickling of a headache in the works. Who cared about a tiger some sweaty idiot wheeled out in front of snot-nosed children for a couple pence? It would probably be scrawny and lame anyways, like the one he'd seen four years ago on the summer holiday trip to the London Zoo. He'd been as eager as the other boys then, elbowing past them, leaning as far as he could over the railings to try and get a peek at the fearsome beast he knew only from story books and a ratty volume of William Blake's poetry he'd unearthed from the orphanage library. Tyger Tyger, burning bright, / In the forests of the night; / What immortal hand or eye, / Could frame thy fearful symmetry? Except there had been nothing fearful about the one-eyed filthy creature stretched out in the middle of the enclosure, nothing but matted fur and bones. He'd smelled something foul, only to track the odour to a chunk of rotten meat chucked in by some zoo worker days ago—more a feast for flies and maggots than a beast of the Sundarbans the information plaque had claimed it had originated from. Furious and disillusioned, he'd looked around for a rock to throw at the pathetic thing to force it to get up, show its claws, jump the railings and tear apart whoever had reduced him to such a state. But the rock may as well have been another fly—it had continued to lie there on the dirt, not even stirring to defend itself. He couldn't remember ever hating a creature more—even now, the memory made his heart pound with rage. And yet, he couldn't say the idea of getting away from the dull routine hadn't been appealing. It had been too long since he'd last snuck out to roam the streets of the city and he was itching to clear his head of the disgusting scent of disinfectant and carbolic soap the matrons were practically guzzling down his throat at this point. It had been in the dining hall as he sat devising a plan that the letter had come. The woman had turned positively white reading it—the sudden illness of an estranged sister, one Martha Cole, as he had later learned loitering by the ajar door of her office. Quite serious. Likely tuberculosis. Should probably make a day of it if she hoped to say her final goodbyes etc. etc. What it really meant was there would be no one watching the gates until the nightly senior officer arrived at nine in the evening. The grin that had broken across his face then had been positively…Euphoric. A huff of air had escaped his chest in the form of a chuckle and he'd had to swivel around the corner to keep out of earshot. It was honestly too perfect. She was even taking that bitch Haverford with her—a heavy-handed matron who had joined the staff only a few months ago but who'd quickly become the real authority figure at the orphanage, allowing Mrs Cole to dedicate herself fully to her fun little hobby of drowning herself in gin and vomit. The woman was as narrow under the pudding-bowl haircut as she was a beast under the dress, and a religious fanatic to boot, lugging around a worn out bible everywhere she went like it was an extension of her arm. Wool's might have been a Baptist institution but the woman was a vocal admirer of "good old-fashioned Catholic discipline," taking no less than fifty boys into the yard everyday for canings with crimes ranging from running in the corridors to, as in the case of one boy, speaking the broad Manchester dialect. Tom had rather enjoyed watching the daily festivities, especially the run-and-leap theatrics she was fond of before bringing the cane down on the back of the unwitting victim. It had been nice to know there were people out there working selflessly to perfect even something so crude into an art. Yes, he'd been enjoying the bitch until she'd caught scent of him and got it in her head he was the spawn of Satan himself, even going so far as to poison the rest of the matrons into her bible thumping mania. He no longer needed to commit any crimes; he was a criminal for simply existing. The vision crashes into