First Time Fumbles Contest Entry Title: After the O it's the… Anticlimax? Summary: "This should be easier than assembling IKEA furniture—just stick tab A into slot B. But no, your freaking guess-ticles keep getting lost on the way in." And the honeymoon's only getting started… AH, rated M as some lemons may have been harmed in the making of this story. Pairing: Bella/Edward Genre: Romance/Humor Word count: 9,236 . . . Thursday 10:28 pm My phone rings for the fifth time in a row. I look over at the girls and they finally give me the go-ahead. "Hello." "I miss you so much, baby," his soft voice mumbles into my ear. "Come here?" "Nuh-uh," I giggle. I take a huge gulp of my margarita, wincing at the brief flash of brain freeze that hits. And then again when his voice comes back, much louder this time. "But it's not fair! You're out wherever—nobody will tell me anything—and you're having fun and… stuff , and I'm stuck in a room with these stupid idi— ow !" His adorable rambling cuts off with a yell and I hear a booming laugh in the background. I giggle again. Everything is just sooo funny! Shit, how many drinks have I had tonight? "Sorry, honey. You know I can't do that." "Fine." Aw, he's definitely pouting now. "Stop pouting, Eddie! And get off the damn phone!" There's the sound of a brief scuffle, and the voice I hear next is apologetic. "Sorry, we told him to leave you alone so you girls could have a good time. I'm not sure how he keeps stealing his phone back." "Hi, Jazz." I wink at Ali and she lights up with a smile when she hears his name. "Hey, Bella. I'm going to let him say goodbye, and then that's it for tonight, okay?" "Okay, thanks." I wait for the phone to be passed over. A door slams shut and the ambient sounds are suddenly muted. "Edward?" "Hi, love." "Hi." "I love you." "I love you, too." "I'm not allowed to call or text you any more." He's pouting again. "Sorry, baby. But you should go have fun with the guys. I'll see you tomorrow morning." "I know." He pauses. "What are you ladies doing tonight, anyway? It's pretty loud over there." "We're just out having dinner and drinks, and…" I look over at Rose and Alice as I point across the bar in question, catching their matching smirks and nods. "And learning some pole dancing," I slip in casually. "Wh-what?!" he sputters. "Well, the bar we picked just happened to be giving free lessons, so we figured, why not?" I lower my voice to a hopefully sultry whisper. "Maybe I'll show you what I've learned sometime this week." "Oh, yes, please ," he moans softly. I giggle again. "Time's up, lover-boy!" I hear another yell and a dull pounding. "I think I should go before Emmett breaks down the door. Sleep well, love. I'll see you at the hotel tomorrow." "Okay. Goodnight, Edward." "Bye." I can't help pouting a little, myself. I'm going to miss him tonight. My phone is suddenly stolen from my hand, and is replaced with a shot glass. "Bottoms up!" my two best friends cheer. We clink our glasses and down the bitter liquid. "So, how are the boys doing?" Rosalie asks, as she signals the waitress for another round. "Em is keeping Edward away from the phone, and Jasper's trying to stop them from killing each other," I explain. "So… pretty much business as usual." At least I'm not giggling alone this time. Alice slaps her hand down on the table. Except, she barely misses the edge and her arm comes down hard on her own leg. "Ow, shit!" We all laugh again. "Enough about boys! This is girls' night out!" "Yeah!" Rose and I chime in. "And so… a toast!" Ali stands and attempts to climb up onto the couch the three of us are sitting on. Her remarkably high alcohol-to-body-size ratio for the evening, combined with the ease with which her spiky heels sink into the soft fabric, cause her to teeter dangerously above us. We each grab on to one of her hands to hold her steady; in the end, she winds up sitting on top of the couch back. We all studiously ignore the glare from the bartender across the room. Alice raises her glass. "To Bella!" She clears her throat dramatically, and I make the mistake of being fooled by her suddenly serious expression. "May you have many happy years together, with the man of your dreams… having lots and lots of hot, steamy sex!" "Alice!" I groan, hiding my blushing cheeks with my hands. "What?" she asks with an innocent tone. "You don't want that?" "No!" I shout, but then start backtracking quickly after realizing what I just said. "Well, yes, but…" I stammer. I mean, yeah, I do want that. Doesn't everyone? Lacking a witty comeback, I settle for poking her in the side, which effectively makes her topple over into Rose's lap. Rose fluidly flips her back upright on the couch, where she proceeds to grab my hands in hers. "Seriously, Bella—" (she's clearly not serious right now) "—I know you and Edward are already like an old married couple, but you should at least try to spice things up for the next week, alright?" "Um… yeah, sure, Ali." I have to avert my eyes. I guess she's being sincere, but if this conversation continues, there's no doubt I'll be forced to reveal the one thing I've held back all this time. The one dirty little secret that even my best friends have no clue about. It's not like I've straight out lied about it, but given my personality, it's not that unbelievable that I just wouldn't ever bring it up. Rose and Alice are the adventurous types who enjoy over-sharing their late-night exploits, but I'm definitely not one to kiss and tell. Nor am I one to fuck and tell. Because despite the fact that Edward and I have been together for over three years, and we're finally getting married this Saturday… I'm still a virgin. . . . Friday 9:13 pm It's really weird sleeping in my childhood bedroom alone. I haven't been here alone in years, not since I met Edward. Even though I know my family exasperates him quite a bit, he still comes with me to visit, and we always stay in this room together. Oddly enough, my parents have never said anything about it. You'd think they'd have at least a little concern for their only daughter sharing a room with a man, but as far as I can tell there was never any evidence of my dad pulling Edward aside for a man-to-man, "hurt my daughter and I'll blah-blah-blah" kind of the first time he came to visit over the summer, after we'd only been dating for a couple of months, Dad just dropped his suitcase in my room without batting an eyelash. My mom may have made some offhand comment about "being safe," but… at that point it my life, it honestly wasn't even a blip on the radar. And now look at me. My hormones are so worked up for tomorrow, I can't stop squirming under the sheets. I'm not really nervous, just… anxious, I guess. Impatient? I desperately need tomorrow night to come faster—and with it the end of our unspoken agreement to wait until marriage. Oh, did I not mention that? Yeah, this will also be the first time for my gorgeous hubby-to-be. I don't know how I'm going to make it. Would it be improper to get myself off the night before the wedding? Ah, fuck it —if Edward's felt even half the suppressed lust I've been building up, there's no way he's keeping his hands to himself tonight. Actually… isn't masturbation, by definition, the act of keeping your hands to yourself? Heh. I think I'll go explore that theory right now… . . . Saturday 2:59 pm "Fuck, fuck, fuck. Fuckity-fuck. FUCK!" I whisper-yell to myself. The day had been going perfectly so far. I woke up late and had a quiet breakfast with Mom and Dad. We had an easy drive out to the hotel where everyone will be getting ready. I squealed rather loudly when I saw my two best friends waiting in the lobby—they ran to me and we all jumped up and down while hugging, as I cried, "I'm getting married today, bitches!" Since then, all the ladies have been holed up in my parents' suite, having a blast. Hair and makeup just finished, and my besties are already changed and waiting. The photographer—who knows a hell of a lot more about wedding day scheduling than I do, thank goodness—has tasked me with changing into my undergarments so I can then get laced up into my dress. I've only got a half hour to finish getting ready before we meet the guys outside for pictures. It will be the first time I see Edward today, and also the first (and only, now that I think about it) time that he'll see me in my dress. I can't wait. Except… I'm realizing just now that there may be something I didn't quite think all the way through. I stare at myself in the mirror. Turn sideways. Check the other side. And now the back. Yep. This is bad. Very, very bad. Somehow I got that old wedding adage stuck in my head. Something old, something new… et cetera. To be honest, I hadn't really thought about it much until the week before the wedding, but once I did I wanted to make sure I was covered. The "old" is my earrings—simple pearls that my mother gave me when I first got my ears pierced. Both my dress and shoes are "new". I've "borrowed" a hair pin from my aunt, which perfectly offsets the half-up-do I chose for my hair. But as for the something "blue," well… Fuck. Okay, so it was a really last-minute decision. But now I'm stuck with just the options in my bag, and this was honestly the only blue item of clothing I could possibly incorporate into my wedding outfit. And I thought I'd been so thorough, carefully planning out the dress, shoes, jewelry, perfectly padded push-up bra (my boobs are looking fabulous, by the way), and slip. Ah, yes—the silky, see-through slip. Stupid fucking see-through slip. And stupid fucking bright blue polka-dot panties. They're damn cute, with little bows on the front and everything. Definitely one of my favorite pairs. But right now I hate them with a passion. How convenient, that I can glare at the object of my hate so easily through the stupid fucking see-through slip . And now it's come down to this. We're all out of time, and I don't have any backups. I won't know for sure until I get into the dress. The options aren't looking too good. Oh, god, I hope I don't have to go commando at my own wedding. . . . Saturday 11:07 pm Luckily, the panty problem was resolved as they were securely covered by my dress. Ali and Rose did get in a good bit of teasing, though, since I had to do the walk of shame from the bathroom and stand in front of them until the dress was ready. Rosalie offered to trade with me if it didn't work out, which was pretty damn awkward. But everything's been rolling smoothly since then. We met the boys in the courtyard and Edward's eyes nearly bugged out of his head when he saw me. It's really nice to know that he still gets that look in his eyes after all the time we've been together. I'm sure it's heightened by the anticipation of tonight, but I love that he just can't keep his hands off of me. We've only had