First Time Fumbles Title : Diary of a Teenage Lothario Summary : Follow one 15-year-old boy's quest to lose his virginity. Pairing : Edward/various girls Word Count : 7,038 . Stepping outside the prison— I mean high school — doors, I fish around in my jacket pocket for my lighter and cigarettes. I bring a cig to my lips, inhaling as I light up. "Cullen!" Collin yells at me from over by the fence. "Where the fuck you been?" "Fucking teacher was monitoring the halls… had to wait until he was distracted to sneak out." I lean against the fence, taking a deep pull from my cigarette and blowing it out toward the cloudy sky. I so fucking need this break after lunch. How can anyone be expected to sit in a fucking classroom for seven hours a day? I close my eyes, enjoying the feel of the smoke filling my lungs while my buddies gossip like a bunch of fucking chicks about the girls in school— who gives great head, who's a prude and so on. "Hey, Cullen," Garrett begins. I open my eyes, stubbing out my smoke with my sneakers. "You know Lucy Xu? I think she's in your Bio class." I wrinkle my nose, trying to think of who she is. "Yeah?" I ask. "She's got it bad for you. She's friends with my sister and I overheard them talking." Now I remember— I've seen her with Garr's sister a couple different times when I've been at his house. She's a little plain, never wears makeup, but she does have a pretty nice body. And she's a brunette, which is always a plus. "Isn't your sister on the honor roll?" "Yeah," he nods, lighting up his own cigarette. "She's the good one in the family," he adds with a laugh. "So I imagine Lucy is, too." Nerds tend to stick together. "Honor roll students don't put out, so I'm not interested." Unlike some of my buddies, I'm still a virgin, though I've gotten handjobs and blowjobs from a few different girls. I don't want the guys to know I've never gone all the way though. I intend to change that status soon; I am 15, after all. Life is short. "Suit yourself," he replies with a grin. "You're probably right that there are other more willing pussies in school." "You comin' out tonight, Ed?" Brady asks as I light up another smoke. I shake my head. "I'm still fucking grounded for the little incident with the stolen car last month." "What the fuck, man?" Brady shouts incredulously. "You weren't the one driving." "I know, right? Fucking parents…" They act like they were never teenagers. "Can you sneak out? Get your brother to help you. We miss you, man," Garrett begs. "I'll try, but no promises." . Later that night I manage to talk Emmett into helping me sneak out of the house after dinner. I meet the guys behind the local pizza joint, drinking beers that Brady's older brother, who delivers pizzas, was able to get for us. "You want a hit, Edward?" Kate asks. Nodding, I take the joint from her, inhaling deeply and trying to hold it in as long as possible. When I open my eyes, Kate is staring at me. She's hot enough— thin and curvy with platinum blonde hair. Garrett is the one she really wants, but he's got a thing for a senior on the cheerleading squad. Kate has been trying to make him jealous by fooling around with the rest of us. I don't think it's working, but I'm not exactly complaining… she let me touch her boobs last week. I smirk at Kate and she licks her lips. "You wanna take a walk?" I ask, passing the joint to Collin. "Sure." Kate's already 16, so we end up in the front parking lot near her car, some old Toyota. I raise an eyebrow and she sticks her key in the lock, opening the back door and motioning for me to climb inside. She quickly joins me, closing the door behind her, before planting her lips on mine. Fuck… I don't really like kissing— I mean, she tastes like some fucking fruity lip gloss. But I go along with it as I slide my hand up underneath her shirt, squeezing her tit. She moans and I fumble for the button of her jeans with my other hand. "Edward," she pants, pulling back. "Don't. I'm saving myself." "For marriage?" I choke out. Give me a fucking break! "For Garrett," she says quietly. "I'm outta here," I mutter, grasping the door handle. "Wait—" She reaches out her hand, grabbing hold of my arm. "We could still make Garrett jealous." I raise an eyebrow, watching carefully as Kate goes for my jeans, popping the buttons and reaching into my boxers to pull out my cock, all the while licking her lips. Well, then. It's not like I'll ever turn down a blowjob. I lean back against the seat, while Kate lowers herself to the floorboards. "Fuck," I moan when she takes the tip of my cock into her mouth. I find myself wishing Kate was parked under a streetlight so I could have a better view of what she's doing as she licks and sucks my cock. She's making all kinds of disgusting sloppy noises that she apparently thinks are sexy, but I try to tune them out. She also keeps stopping about halfway, so I put my hand on the back of her head, trying to ease a bit more of my cock into her mouth. "Mmmm…" she hums when I push a little too far. She pulls her mouth off for a moment before taking me in again, sucking hard. "Oh shit…" And I lose it, coming in her mouth. I try not to laugh at the face she makes as she swallows everything I give her. "I need a smoke," I tell her, quickly fixing my pants and pulling the door handle. I dig into my pack and light up as soon as I'm out of the car. Kate follows me back around the pizza place, and I keep a shit-eating grin on my face. Hey, it was all about making Garrett jealous for her, so I might as well let him know I got some. "Give me another beer." Brady reaches into the cooler, waggling his eyebrows as he hands it to me. Fucker thinks he's being cute. . "Seriously? But it's homecoming weekend!" Not that I give a shit about that, but Esme— Mom — might be swayed by it. "Edward, you were grounded for three months," she reminds me. "You still have over a month to go." "Yeah, but… aren't you always wanting me and Emmett to bond a little? Yet you won't let me go to his game!" I add a pout for effect. "You really want to go out and watch a football game?" she asks skeptically. Damnit, she knows me too well. "Why not," I shrug. "They have cheerleaders." Esme sighs. "Well, since your father's working tonight, you can go out… to the stadium. You need to be home within 30 minutes of the end of the game." "Moooomm!" "All right," she sighs, "An hour." I smirk to myself; calling her "Mom" works every time. "And you'd better know the final score of the game when you get home," she adds. I roll my eyes. . Later that night, I'm hanging out under the bleachers sharing a joint with Collin. Hey, we're at the game, just like I promised. Kate is still making googly eyes at Garrett; it's kinda sickening. The crowd roars so I imagine we just scored. What the fuck ever. When I hear a bunch of people start getting up, I imagine it must be halftime. Ah, now this is why I actually didn't mind coming to the game. I go stand by the edge of the field watching the cheerleaders do their halftime routine. Not just any cheerleader… Carmen Eleazaro. Fuck, she is hot. She's Puerto Rican, with long, dark brown hair and big brown eyes, yet her skin is nearly as pale as mine. She's fucking perfect. And totally unobtainable. She only dates jocks; something I will never be. "H-hi, Edward," a soft voice calls. I tear my eyes away from Carmen's ass to see who's talking, and narrow them at the tiny girl— at least compared to my 6-foot — standing beside me wearing a denim miniskirt. "Uh, hi…" "Lucy," she supplies. Oh, right, the girl who supposedly has it bad for me. Hmmm… she's kinda cute, I suppose, in an Asian sort of way. "You're in Bio with me," I nod. "That's right," she smiles a huge ass grin. Heh, I made her day. Go me. "Cullen!" I wave a hand over my head at Garrett to let him know I heard him. "Get your fucking ass over here!" Fuck… well, the cheerleaders are done, so why not. "You comin'?" I ask Lucy. She smiles hugely, following me down under the bleachers. "Fuck, yeah!" I exclaim, noting the cooler has arrived along with Brady. I pull out a beer and twist the top off the bottle, then reach down again, pulling out a beer for Lucy. "Oh, uh… thanks," she says. She stares at it for a moment like she has no fucking clue what to do, so I tuck mine under my arm and twist the cap off for her. She smiles at me before taking a small sip. "Oh hey, Lucy," Garrett says. "Where's my sister?" "Saving our seats. Are—are you coming to the after party, Edward?" I shrug. I doubt there will be beer and weed at any party Lucy's attending. "I have to be home an hour after the game, but maybe I can stop by for a little while. Where is it?" I ignore the stares from the guys. Hey, this chick does seem into me— I'm willing to spend a little time and effort trying to figure out just how much of a walk on the wild side she's willing to take. "Austin's house," she answers. Figures— the starting quarterback. "I'd really like it if you could come." I can't help noticing Lucy wrinkling her nose as I light up a cigarette. Fuck, I have no idea what she sees in me besides the fact that she thinks I'm hot. It's not like we have anything in common. But maybe that's enough for her. When the players retake the field, Lucy returns to the stands to watch the game, and Brady and Collin get on my nerves making kissy noises. "Fuck off!" . I've got a great buzz going by the time we pull up to Austin's house in Kate's car for the big homecoming after party. The five of us walk inside, getting more than a few looks from the other kids. "Bro!" Emmett calls just as I'm pouring myself a beer from the keg. Maybe this party is more happening than I thought. "I didn't expect to see you here," he adds. I shrug. "Got an invite." Kids are drinking, dancing… listening to fucking Pearl Jam like they think they're fucking badass. Good thing I'm drunk. And stoned. I head out into the backyard for some fresh air, lighting up a cigarette as I sit on one of the patio chairs, staring out at the rarely used— since we're in Seattle, for fuck's sake — in-ground pool. Figures the fucking quarterback comes from money. I close my eyes, feeling the burn as the smoke enters my lungs. A quiet creak lets me know that someone has joined me. "I normally hate smoking, but you even make smoking look hot," Lucy says in her soft voice. I grin at her, lazily opening my eyes. "You think I'm hot?" I ask with a smirk. "You know you are. Green eyes… sex hair," she whispers. I shrug; I know that's what girls