Title: Love in the Unlikeliest Place Summary: In 'American Pie' style, five friends at Forks High plan to lose their virginity at the Graduation party. Only Edward is dreading it because he fears his friends will find out the secret he's been keeping for 2 years – he's gay. However, he hasn't been keeping the secret as well as he thought and the one friend who guesses has a surprising reaction. Pairing: Edward / Emmett Word count: 14,967 Only four weeks to Graduation and I was dreading it. I wasn't dreading the ceremony itself, but it was the party afterward I wasn't looking forward to. My best friend, Jasper, had suggested that we and our other three close friends should aim to lose our virginity at the party and I was terrified at the prospect, knowing it wasn't going to happen for me. I was actually surprised that Jasper hadn't lost his already. He and I were on the track team at school and when my parents and I moved into Forks two years before, Jasper and I had hit it off immediately. Both of us were long and lean and built for running and he was new to the area too, but other than those minor similarities, he was everything I wasn't. He was tanned and beautiful, with blond curls, blue eyes and a southern drawl. His parents had divorced and his mother brought him to Forks to stay with her sister while the dust settled. Jasper was always hell-bent on going back to Texas at the first opportunity, but in the end he just never left. He was outgoing and popular with both the guys and the girls and in no time he had collected a group of friends consisting of those that most other students, including me, thought were out of their league. Jake and Paul were Natives from the nearby Reservation of La Push. Their parents had pushed them to leave the Res school, thinking they would have a better chance of playing football professionally if they could get their educations at Forks. Both were caramel-skinned and brown-eyed with shiny black hair, bright white smiles and muscles. The pair of them were good-looking and popular and if Jasper hadn't enticed them to hang out with us, I'd probably never have spoken to either of them in the two years we went to school together. The fifth member of our group was Emmett McCarty. He was the football team leader, the guy that everyone wanted to be, or be with . He was huge, a couple inches taller than me and he made Jake and Paul look puny. His arms and shoulders were massive, pecs bulging, a set of eight perfect abs beneath and thighs like tree trunks. He had dark hair and twinkling blue eyes, a perpetual smile on his face and an enormous sense of humor. Every time I looked at him my dick got hard and for that reason, being his friend was incredibly difficult. I looked at myself in my mirror with a sigh. I was too pale, but I thought my body was okay. My friends were all smooth-chested while mine had hair. I'd considered waxing it off to look like them, but Jasper had laughed and told me he'd have given anything to have more than the half dozen whiskers around his nipples and that I should keep it - some girls liked hairy chests. Besides the hair, I was well-toned and didn't have any complaints about my body. My legs were strong from running, my six-pack was visible, biceps showing well enough when I flexed my arms, although they looked like boiled eggs compared to Emmett's. I had green eyes which Jasper said were pretty and I laughed it off many times, punching him in the arm and telling him not to talk like a fag, when inside I was cringing and hoping he would never guess. I had thought I would tell him after Graduation and then if he didn't want to know me any more, I would be leaving for college anyway and it wouldn't matter, although the thought of losing him as a friend hurt. I just couldn't imagine those four beautiful, heterosexual guys continuing to accept me if they knew. I ran my fingers through my hair and sighed again. I hated my hair - another characteristic that Jasper said was attractive. It was a mixture of brown and blond and a strange shade of bronze and no matter how often I had it cut and however much gel I applied, it did its own thing and ended up looking like I'd been electrocuted. My parents didn't know I was gay yet either. I'd considered telling them a number of times over the past few years, but in the end decided to wait until it was closer to me going away to college. I didn't think they would disapprove, but I expected disappointment and I was dreading the safe sex talk Dad would subject me to. I'd already had that when I was younger, but he'd been worrying about the risk of me getting a girl pregnant then. Whatever his views might be on me being gay, I knew he'd still talk to me about it and it would be even more mortifying than the first time. I turned away from the mirror and reluctantly began to get ready for the double date I had agreed to. Jasper had finally picked one of the girls that flocked to him like bees around a honey-pot and had encouraged me to choose one of the others. We had four weeks to take them out a few times and get them warmed up before the party, he said. It was easy for me to get one of them to date me - any of them would probably have said yes, because being my date would mean an evening out with Jasper at the same time. I didn't consider that Jessica could actually like me for myself. She was Alice Brandon's friend - the petite brunette Jasper had gone for. The four of us were going to the movies in Port Angeles and then to get some food afterwards. I had offered to drive, knowing that if my hands were busy on the steering wheel, I wouldn't be expected to do anything else with them. The evening itself turned out to be good fun. Although Alice and Jessica chose a chick-flick, it was a comedy and both Jasper and I enjoyed it too. We went to a pizza restaurant afterward and Jasper and I went halves on the bill. It was as we headed back to the car that Jessica suddenly slid her hand into mine and walked closer to me, a few yards behind the other couple. Jasper's arm was around Alice and he kept bending to brush his lips against her cheek and whisper things to her, making her giggle. After a minute or two, her arm crept around his waist and she tucked her hand into the back pocket of his jeans. "Did you like the movie?" Jessica asked. "Yes, it was good," I agreed. "I wasn't sure if you'd like comedies." "Why, don't you think I have a sense of humor?" "You just seem a little serious, Edward. You don't smile that much at school and you keep to yourself a lot." I knew she was right. Even though I was part of the most popular group in school, I still hung back most of the time. "I just have a lot on my mind, with Graduation and college and everything," I said. Her hand squeezed mine and her thigh brushed against my leg as we walked. "Which college are you planning to go to?" "Columbia," I answered. "Really? Chicago's so far away. Wouldn't you rather go to Seattle?" "I would have, but Columbia has the best course for what I want to study." Finally something I could talk about confidently. I told her about my plans for working with computers and possibly running my own business, writing programmes or designing games in the future. I usually bored people to tears with talk of my career, but she seemed to be hanging off my every word and prompted me with further questions, even after we got into the car and set off back to Forks. She sat half-turned toward me in the front seat until I ran out of things to say and then she began telling me that Columbia probably would have been better for her, because she wanted to study art and fashion, but her parents didn't have much money and she'd had to get a place at the community college in Seattle. As I listened, I glanced in the rear view mirror a couple of times, noticing Jasper and Alice already in each other's arms, kissing and cuddling and I thanked God that I had offered to drive. I couldn't imagine myself kissing Jessica like that, or putting my hands on her even for the sake of appearances. I began to wish I could just tell someone. Surely Jasper wouldn't stop being my friend if he knew I was gay? He was the nicest, most considerate and understanding person I knew. It wasn't as if I had the hots for him. "Edward!" Jessica shrieked suddenly and I gripped the wheel tighter and swerved the car back into the right lane, as a truck thundered toward us, honking loudly. "Ed, are you okay?" Jasper asked from behind me. "Yes. Sorry, guys. I just got distracted there for a minute," I gasped. "Jess, what are you doing to him?" Alice teased. "Keep your hands to yourself until we park up." Jessica giggled loudly. "I wasn't doing anything." "Yeah, right." Alice laughed too and then settled back into Jasper's arms. I continued to drive, gritting my teeth and concentrating determinedly on the road. I had to tell him. This evening hadn't been that bad, but I knew I was expected to kiss her when we said goodnight and I would have to carry on this charade for another four weeks. She was going to want more than kisses, or at least the guys would expect me to get more than kisses. How the hell was I going to keep up the pretense? There was absolutely no point. Nothing was going to happen at the party anyway. I would probably spend the whole night locked in my room, listening to everyone else enjoy it. It was just unfortunate that my parents had the most money and therefore the biggest house, along with the most trusting attitude, so it was down to me to hold the party. Mom and Dad were planning to spend the night in Port Angeles rather than breathe down our necks and for once, I wished they weren't so accommodating. If only they were strict and protective and didn't want to risk people sleeping in their bed, throwing up on the carpets or breaking things, I wouldn't have to worry about it. "Edward, what's wrong?" Jessica touched my arm. "You're miles away." "Sorry, I'm just a bit tired," I lied. I was anything but tired. My heart was pounding and my stomach tying itself in knots, as I considered the options open to me. Kiss Jessica and keep up the act, or blow her off and tell Jasper the truth. Eventually we reached Alice's house and I parked up outside, waiting while Jasper walked her to the door. I didn't watch, knowing he would be kissing her on the doorstep. Jessica apparently didn't watch either, but instead leaned toward me and touched my face. "We have a few minutes before he comes back," she said. "Well...uh... I shouldn't get distracted, I still have to drive you and Jas home," I muttered. Jessica giggled, the sound which I had heard repeatedly all night beginning to irritate me. I couldn't do this - not for another