Title: Life Changing Experience Summary: Bella wants to finally lose her virginity and convinces Edward, her best friend, to be her first. Though they've never had any feelings whatsoever for each other, will this life-changing experience change all that? Pairing: Bella/Edward Word Count: 9,083 ~OoO~ "So … I want to lose my virginity," I say casually. As if losing your v-card is a casual thing. And of course, I mention this after Edward takes a bite of his cheeseburger. He starts to cough, spitting out his food into a napkin. He continues to pound his chest, clearing his throat so he's able to talk. "Excuse me?" he asks incredulously. "I want to lose my virginity," I repeat. "Bella … why are you telling me this? And in a public place, no less?" "I don't know … it just sort of popped into my head at the moment." Edward takes a good look around, I guess hoping no one is really eavesdropping on our conversation. He then leans forward. "That thought just doesn't pop into your head. It's something that has to be thought of for a long time. Why are you telling me you want to lose your virginity?" I gulp. Suddenly, I'm nervous to have to explain this. Maybe I should have waited till we got back to our shared apartment. Or perhaps, I should have just kept my mouth shut about the whole thing. "Bella, you know you can tell me anything, right?" Edward whispers. "I know. You are my best friend, Edward. I love you to death." "Then tell me. I promise I won't make fun of you." I sigh heavily. "I regret opening my mouth about it in a diner, so can we just get the check and talk about it at home?" "Of course." ~OoO~ We get back to our apartment. I kick off my shoes and toss my jacket on the couch before collapsing on it in a heap. Edward heads into the kitchen after removing his shoes and jacket, returning to the living room with a couple of beers. When he sits down, he automatically pulls me to him, so I'm practically on his lap. That's been our thing since I could remember. "Ready to talk?" he inquires, popping open both bottles and handing me one. "Yeah." I take a sip. "You want to lose your virginity?" "Yes." "With whom? You don't have a boyfriend, and I really do not suggest a random hookup, one-night-stand-douchebag." "And why not? Might as well give it up with no emotional attachment, because it's just gonna suck anyway." "Believe me, it's not the way you want to remember your first time. Take it from someone who knows." "Hey! You said you lost it to Tanya when you were a sophomore in college!" I exclaim. "Yeah, but it was a lie to get you off my fucking back, Bella!" he laughs. "I didn't want to tell you it was a hook up at a club to give you the idea that it is a good idea just to get it over with. It was a horrible experience, and it's something I don't wish upon you." "Okay, fine. I won't give it up just to get it over with, even though, now, it sure feels like I should just get it over with," I mumble. "Bella, you're my best friend. I'm trying to look out for you, and if I could, I'd keep you as a virgin forever, because then I know some asshole isn't going to hurt you." I slap his shoulder. "You'd be a mean friend if you did, because I need to get fucking laid, Edward!" I love how we don't censor anything in our lives. We can openly discuss the most gruesome of things and be so nonchalant about it. Sex is included with that. I don't know how many times he's heard me getting myself off, and he'd always joke about how I scream when I come or ask if I got carpal tunnel yet. And I've heard him with women. Sometimes he'd be fucking them on the couch, and I'd just walk past them like it's nothing. I tend to blush easily, but not with Edward. We both find sex a beautiful, natural, primal act and that there's nothing to be ashamed of it. It's just that I have yet to actually experience said act, while he's had quite a bit of experience now. "But you don't need to do it with some asshole that's not going to treat you the way you should, especially with your first time. I'm sure it's not gonna hurt as much … since, well, you've popped your cherry by means of a bike accident." I again slap his shoulder. He just laughs. "But your first time should be special, even if it sucks, because it's at least memorable if it happened with someone special or at a special time. And not in the way where some guy is pounding into you with no idea he just took something so special like it was nothing." "Okay, okay … I get the fucking picture, Edward!" I giggle, stopping him from continuing by covering his mouth with my hand. Of course, he then has to be fucking gross and licks it. "Eww! You're such a dick!" I wipe my hand down his shirt and then stand up from his lap so I can go wash my hand. "You still love me, Bella!" he shouts as I walk down the hall. "Trying to figure out why, though!" I know our conversation is far from over. I still have much to think about. And as I lie in bed, tossing and turning, unable to sleep because the thought of losing my virginity is on my mind, I think of an idea that I believe could work if Edward agrees. ~OoO~ The next morning, Edward is in the kitchen, frying some bacon and scrambling up some eggs for the both of us. As much as I like to cook, in the morning, I give full domain of the kitchen to Edward, since he cooks up a mean breakfast. That was part of our agreement when it came to living with each other – we each divvy up the chores equally, and he's in charge of breakfast while I deal with dinner I come out in my pajamas that consist of a ribbed tank top and athletic shorts and no bra, and I collapse on a stool at the breakfast bar. Edward dishes the food and slides a plate over to me, along with a fork and some ketchup – 'cause in my opinion, you can't have scrambled eggs without it. I shove the food into my mouth as quickly as I can to avoid continuing our conversation about my wanting to lose my v-card for just a little bit. I just don't really think it's a topic to be brought up at breakfast. But of course, Edward notices my behavior. "Bella, slow down! You're gonna choke!" I swallow what's in my mouth, already picking up a piece of bacon and getting ready to stick it in my mouth. "No, I won't." In goes the bacon, and more eggs are on my fork. "I know what you're trying to do. You pussied out last night and went to bed before we could finish our conversation, and now you're trying to get out of talking about it now." I'm caught. Nothing gets past him. I've finished my food and push the plate away from me, showing him that we could talk. He's finished, too, so we grab our plates and utensils and load up the dishwasher. When the dishwasher door is closed and started, Edward takes my hand and leads us to the couch. I'm once again loaded onto his lap with his head on my shoulder. "Talk, Bella. We need to finish this conversation." "Well, you know I want to lose it, and you don't want me to give it up to just anyone since I don't have a boyfriend, so what's the point of really talking more about it? I have an idea, but I don't think you're going to agree to it." "I'll be the one who decides that," Edward says. I sigh heavily, getting off his lap to just sit next to him. Well, really kneel on the couch, facing him. "Okay. Just don't … just don't freak out about my suggestion, Edward. The only reason I've come up with this idea is because you're my best friend, and I trust you." "What are you getting at?" I close my eyes and just spit out the words as quickly as I can. "I want you to be the one I lose my virginity to." I dare myself to open my eyes to see Edward's reaction. And of course, just as I predicted, his mouth is agape, and his eyes are fucking wide, as if they're going to pop out any second now. He's also so stiff, rigid like a corpse. Shit, I made him go catatonic. "Edward … please say something," I murmur. Edward shakes himself out of his momentary silence and asks, "What?" When I don't respond, he then asks, "Did you just say you want me to take your virginity? Me?" "Yes…" "Bella…" He shoots up off the couch and paces in front of me. "Why would you ask that of me?" "Like I said, you're my best friend, and I trust you. I trust you to give me the best it could be, to try and take care of me, to not treat it like it's just another fuck. You know my predicament, so I believe you'd take your time to give me the supposedly memorable experience it could be. Fuck, it may suck, but at least it won't be a memory of me just giving it up for the hell of it." "Yeah, but Bella … you should wait for someone who loves you," he whines. "I mean, for someone who's in love with you, 'cause you know I love you." "Edward!" I cry out and start to cry. "There's no one! I've tried to date. No one wants me! I'm almost twenty-five and still a fucking virgin! I should have lost it years ago! And who wants to go into a relationship with an almost twenty-five-year-old virgin? They'd just react the same way you just did if they found out I was still a virgin and they were going to take it from me. Unless they're a virgin themselves. "Edward, I just want to get it over with, so I don't have to have it hanging over my head when the time comes that I actually am with somebody. I can just go into the relationship, and when sex is something we want to do, I don't have to burden them with the fact that I was still a virgin – obviously not physically, but the fact I had no experience whatsoever. "And if I can't get it over with with someone who will treat my first time the way it should be, I know I can have that with you, because you wouldn't treat my predicament lightly. You'd take it seriously, and you'd fucking take care of me. You don't want to hurt me, and you want me to have the best it could be, even if it truly sucks ass. And it sure as hell would be memorable, something to never tell my grandkids, because it'd be with you, my best friend." I finish my speech. I get up and walk right past him and head to my bedroom. "I'll give you some time to mull it over. Find me when you've made your decision." I close my door and lean against it before sliding down. I, again, start to cry because I know I'm putting Edward in a position I never should have put him in. I'm asking him to be my first.