Title: Misfire Summary: Bella hasn't seen Quil in more than two years. When he finds her on campus, she decides to bring him home. It's just sex; what could possibly go wrong? Pairing: Bella/Quil Word Count: 5064 Misfire His voice was the absolute last thing I would have expected to hear, but I turned with a smile when I heard him across the parking lot. "Hey! Bells! Over here, Bells!" Quil Ateara hadn't changed much in the two years since I last saw him, although he did look even bigger, something that was no small feat in itself. He was easily 6'4" and had muscles on top of muscles straining his plain white undershirt and making me drool in anticipation. I braced myself for his familiar bear hug, and he didn't disappoint, swinging me up into his arms and spinning me in a tight circle. I let out a giggle that made me sound closer to his age of barely eighteen, than my own age of almost twenty-one. Quil always was a character. When he finally put me back on my feet, I looked up at him with a smile. "What are you doing here, Q? I didn't know you were coming to school here. My dad didn't say anything." He ducked his head, looking uncharacteristically shy, and shuffled his feet nervously. I started to worry a bit when he coughed a little and reached one meaty hand up to scratch the back of his neck. "Well, I... um, I kind of got some scholarships to play ball here," he finally admitted quietly, and I couldn't stop the surge of pride I felt for my old friend. That pride skyrocketed when he continued, "Football covers my room and board, and I also got some academic scholarships to pay my tuition. Tribal grants and shit cover the rest so my mom's not out any money." I was stunned for moment or two. Out of his group of friends, I would have thought Embry would be the one leave the rez and go to college. Quil was the consummate class clown, but it looked like he had buckled down and studied hard since I left town. Thinking about his friends brought my mind back to Jake, and our less-than-amicable break-up. I glanced up at Quil, wondering what his best friend really thought of me, despite his exuberant greeting. Jacob was my oldest friend, someone I regarded as almost a little brother. But when I was dumped by Edward Cullen senior year, I kind of rebounded with Jake, taking advantage of his lifelong crush. Our relationship was awkward and one-sided, only tolerable when we were hanging out with his friends. Quil and Embry kept things light, and I truly enjoyed the evenings we spent together watching movies, or hanging out in Jake's garage. When I was accepted to U-Dub in Seattle, I used it as an excuse to finally end things with Jacob. He didn't exactly take it well. After a huge public argument, I was too embarrassed to set foot in La Push, and I hadn't been back to visit when I was home for the holidays. I stayed in Seattle over the summer, working to save up for school and my new apartment, something that was a necessity after two years of dorm life. "So... where were you headed, Bells?" Quil's voice brought me back to the present, and I was startled to find him standing much closer than he was before. I craned my neck up to see his face better, and from this angle his big brown eyes looked darker, and much sexier as well. "Oh! Um, I was just going to my apartment. My classes are done for the day," I said, glancing toward my old truck that I was sure he recognized. "What about you?" This time he took a deliberate step forward, as he reached down to steady me with a huge hand at my waist. His normally cheerful grin was replaced by a slow smirk, and I realized just before he spoke that it was no coincidence he found me in this parking lot. "I was hoping I could spend some time with you, Bells," he said, and I shivered as he dipped his head to put his mouth closer to my ear. "Alone." This was probably a really bad idea. A really, really bad idea. Quil was a freshman, just a baby, really, and I was supposed to be the responsible one here. Jacob would flip his shit if this went where I thought it was going, and who knows what my dad would say. I really should tell him- "Sure. Why don't you come home with me? I live alone, just off campus," my mouth answered without first consulting my brain. The rest of my body was completely happy with this idea; common sense was the last holdout. Oh, what the hell. You only live once, right? Quil draped his big arm across my shoulder and pulled me toward my truck. I was a bit confused when he walked me to the passenger side and opened the door, but he turned those puppy dog eyes on me and asked if me if he could drive. "I miss Big Red here, Bells. This truck is epic, you know." He looked so serious that I couldn't hold back my laughter. My truck had originally belonged to Billy- Jake's dad- and I was pretty sure that everyone on the reservation learned to drive in it. When my dad bought it for me, the boys kind of came along with it like little half-naked Quileute hula dolls. It was something that had irritated Edward to no end, and something I not-so-secretly enjoyed. I was still giggling when he climbed into the driver's seat, and it seemed natural to scoot on over when he reached to put his arm around my shoulder. "Where to?" he asked, pulling me closer as he reached around me to shift the truck. We didn't speak other than to give directions, and before long we pulled into the designated spot in front of my apartment door. The relative silence had been comfortable, but as we stopped and he turned to look at me, the air quickly became charged. His arm was still around me, and he was rubbing light circles on the exposed skin of my upper arm. My breath caught in my throat as he brought his other hand up to cup my chin, his gentleness is direct opposition to his sheer size. His eyes flickered between my eyes and my mouth as he slowly lowered his face to mine. Our lips were nearly touching when he breathed out, "I really wanna kiss you right now." I didn't even stop to think, I just leaned in far enough to press my lips to his. Softly at first, barely touching, until I reached up to grasp his strong neck and pull my face tighter to his. He didn't move for a moment or two, then with a half-moan, half-laugh, he pulled me over to straddle his lap. Wasting no time, he tangled his hands in my hair and pressed his lips to mine again. His full lips were so soft, and I felt a spark there that I had never felt with Jacob. Quil brought out a passion in me that had been stifled for far too long. I gasped a little when he bit softly at my bottom lip, and he slipped his tongue in when my mouth opened. I couldn't hold back my own moan when his tongue stroked mine eagerly, passionately, as if he was trying to speak something directly into my mouth. His arms held me firmly, one around my waist and the other hand splayed open on my back. We kissed until we had to stop for air, and I reluctantly pulled back to look at his face. His huge smile was all I could see as I wrapped my arms around his neck and leaned up to place my forehead against his. My own lips were stretched in a wide grin that I felt I could really get used to. "Wow, B. That was even more awesome than I imagined it would be." My sweet Quil always had a way with words. Wait, my Quil? As I looked at his clear eyes, sparkling with excitement, I couldn't help but want to claim him as my own. "It really was, Quil. I would have kissed you years ago if I had known it would be like that," I told him with a wink. A wink?! This is the kind of thing Quil brought out in me, behaviors that I would have never done around Jacob or Edward. He threw his head back and laughed, a happy sound I could listen to all day. Quil just wasn't quite Quil unless he was happy. He radiated warmth and joy, filling me with life. I couldn't resist leaning forward to kiss his neck, just under his jaw, and his laughter cut off immediately as he tensed slightly underneath me. The atmosphere in the truck changed abruptly and Quil's eyes darkened as he looked back at me, suddenly serious. Testing my newfound power, I kissed him again, a little closer to his ear, and watched as his eyes rolled back slightly and closed before he put his hands on my waist and squeezed lightly. "Um, B? Not that this isn't completely amazing and, like, the best thing that's ever happened to me, but we should probably go inside before somebody sees us out here." His words threatened to open old wounds for me. Part of the reason Edward and I had split up was because he refused to be affectionate with me in public. This always left me feeling ridiculously small and unworthy. However, unlike Edward's rejections, Quil didn't make me feel like I was inadequate, or that he didn't want me as badly as I wanted him. No, I could feel exactly how much he wanted me, but I could also feel the sweet way he was keeping his hands above my waist, and as his eyes softened, they were filled with respect along with desire. He was only looking out for me, trying to keep us from getting too carried away. It really was the sweetest moment. Of course, like all things Bella-related, the perfect moment couldn't last. He pressed one soft kiss to my lips before lifting me off his lap so we could go inside. As I brought my leg over his, my calf bumped the steering wheel, knocking my knee directly into his... "Oh, fuck! Damn, B, that really hurts!" My hugely muscled, hot-as-hell boy toy was curled up in my truck with tears in his eyes. Way to go, B. "I'm so sorry, Quil! I didn't mean to! Can I... I mean, do you need me to... oh hell, what can I do?" I fluttered my hands around uselessly as he stayed hunched over, trying to recover from my inadvertent junk shot. He shook his head as his breathing slowly evened out, and finally raised his head to look at me sheepishly. "Well, that's a story I won't be repeating anytime soon! I hope you don't do that every time I kiss you," he said, his smile almost as bright as usual. I just groaned as my face turned bright red. Resting my forehead against his shoulder I couldn't hold back my giggles, and I was grateful when he joined me in laughing. "Quil, I really am sorry about that. Maybe we should avoid the truck for a while. Let's go inside, okay?" I winced every time he did, as he climbed slowly from the truck cab. I followed him at a safe distance until we were on flat ground and he pulled me close for a hug. I snuggled into his warm embrace, and he tipped my chin up for another kiss. I was pretty