Brief Notes: This is the start of a companion piece to my story, "Shadow Walks". While possibly not totally necessary, it would probably be advisable to read that story first. This is not a sequel, per se, as events in this story do not progress out of events in the other story, but it moves in a tangent - or maybe a parallel - involving the Other Hermione whom our Harry encountered in his travels through the multiverse. "Shadow Walks" moved more or less from canon prior to book 7. "Shadow Walker" takes place in one of the alternate universes depicted in the first story. The AU alters from general canon with Dumbledore's murder by Draco in the Trio's sixth year and the subsequent delay of the Horcrux Hunt. I refer you to chapters 16-19 in "Shadow Walks" as a refresher, if needed. I had originally contemplated a short two- or three-shot about Other Hermione's search, but decided that she deserved a story too. The story begins at the Final Battle, which occurs three years later than it did in "Shadow Walks"… Enjoy. Shadow Walker Your love is like a shadow on me all of the time. - Bonnie Tyler, "Total Eclipse of the Heart" Chapter One: Now that I know what I'm without, you can't just leave me. -Evanescence, "Bring Me to Life" "Hermione," His voice was reedy and desperate, vibrating the escaped ringlets around her ear, causing them to swish around her neck like a lover's caress. She turned to look at him, and all the truths that they had never said seemed to be singing from his brilliant eyes. Someone behind him shouted. The frightened, yet determined crush of people surged forward. "Hermione," he said again, and it was almost a groan. Trapped in the Army of the Light, his hand found hers, fingers tangled briefly together. He had moved closer; she could feel the heat of him. His lips touched the shell of her ear only slightly - they were best friends, whispering together before battle. He breathed her name again, one more time, and it was a sigh and a promise. "When this is over, you - we - I want …" "I know, Harry," she said, stopping to search his eyes with hers, to let him see how she felt, to let herself mirror all the emotions that she now saw swimming in his gaze. His fingers touched hers again, slid up her arm, leaving trails of fire in their wake. Her breathing quickened, became erratic. His breath was warm on her jaw, on the point of her chin. His eyes burned into hers. Almost imperceptibly, he leaned forward. Hermione felt her lashes flutter, as her eyes began to close. He was going to kiss her. It was the culmination of years of secret longings that she had not admitted she even had - not even to herself. It was going to happen here, in the unlikeliest of places, the most unromantic of company, squashed just outside the Great Hall, with the Order of the Phoenix and all who stood with them, ready to face what ultimately awaited them. Hermione had been content with the idea of death, at least in the abstract. She had prepared for this day as best she could, had helped prepare Harry as best she could, and she had found herself almost calm. What did it matter, really, if she perished in battle, as long as the sought objectives were attained? What was most important was ensuring Voldemort's utter demise. But now, as this whole new vista opened before her, a path that she had thought closed - or non-existent - she found herself railing a little at the timing. Why must they go save the world now ? But she knew she wouldn't expect anything less of him - or of herself. Her head tilted back ever so slightly. They were not quite touching, but she could feel his radiant heat, spreading outward from where his hand rested on her elbow. His breath had moved upward, and now fanned her face. The clamor grew deafening. Wands were raised; there were shouts of challenge, claiming triumph, covering fear. Someone was speaking. Hermione thought it might have been Remus Lupin, but she wasn't sure. The voice seemed distant and garbled, as if played at too slow a speed or heard from too far away. "Promise me…" he said, whispering almost into her mouth, his lips barely skimming hers, still treading that fine line - two friends whispering, just two friends whispering together. She wondered if he were being mindful of the Weasleys sprinkled through the crowd. "Of course, Harry," she finished, though he did not. He didn't need to. She'd give him anything, sacrifice anything, go anywhere… in spite of - or perhaps because of - the fact that he'd never ask it of her. She had loved him for so long . His hand slid back down to hers, two jaunty short squeezes, and a feather-light kiss on the cheek - just two friends, just two friends - and the great double doors of Hogwarts began to swing open ponderously. She saw Harry's chin lift, the dying light from the west now breaking through to glint off of his glasses. She searched for Ron in the crowd, spied his ginger head, gilded fiery copper. He tapped his wand to his temple in silent salute. She nodded back, just one quick downward tug of her chin. They had all said good-bye in the Gryffindor common room earlier. "One quick murder and this'll all be over, yeah?" Harry quipped at her, twisting his mouth up hopefully, begging for her to find a modicum of humor in what he said. Her instinct was to reprimand him school-marmishly. Harry, don't even joke about such things. Instead she replied, "We should all be back in time for supper." The appreciation that lit his eyes did her heart good. And then Remus and Ron were there, moving into pre-planned formation, and the mass of humanity was moving forward. And there was no time to say anything else. The Order of the Phoenix had done their best to prepare for the onslaught. The secret passage to Honeyduke's cellar had been well worn by fighters, planning to approach the castle from Hogsmeade and outflank the Death Eaters. Order members were crouching in almost every available window and turret, trying not to gape at the sheer number of giants, werewolves, trolls, and menacing figures in hoods and cloaks that were arrayed across the Hogwarts green. Hermione, Harry, and Ron were stationed with the frontal assault, their chief objective to find Voldemort and dispatch him - or allow Harry to dispatch him - as quickly as possible. They were gambling on the premise that there were orders not to harm Harry, that Voldemort wanted the pleasure of murdering Harry personally. A quiet tide of despair began welling up in Hermione as the two groups of people surged to meet each other. They'd gone through so much in the last three years since they'd finished school: translating and deciphering the meaning behind the cryptic notes Dumbledore had left for them after he'd been so shockingly murdered, poisoned by a bottle of mead, of all things; gradually unearthing the horrific truth of horcruxes, and the lengths to which Voldemort had gone to avoid death - this had involved a rather unpleasant trip to Azkaban prison and an intense session involving former Professor Slughorn, who was being held for the Headmaster's murder, and had been force-fed Veritaserum. It had taken three years, years of frustration and desperation and pain and heartache and death. They had lost many: Percy, Bill, Moody, Professor McGonagall. Somehow the three of them had survived, though Hermione occasionally wondered if her character had been so irrevocably compromised that, even when the war concluded, she'd never be able to reclaim herself. But a light had dawned at the end of the tunnel. Here it was, facing them at last: the Minotaur, finally looming before them, after they had stumbled, half-blind, cringing and fearful, through the maze for years. There would be no side-stepping, no fleeing, no denying, no retreating - nothing to do now, but fight. Hermione was all too familiar with the dread of a thing being actually worse than the thing itself. And Harry had touched her, barely kissed her - a promise, a vow of what was to come. Could he possibly, truly love her? Were they really to have a chance? Her heart seized at the tiny tendril of hope, curled it protectively inside herself, tucked it away for safekeeping. The clash of the fight drove out the remembrance of his whispered words in her ear. The cool twilight wind, bringing with it, not refreshment, but the stench of blood and burned flesh and death, blew away the sensation of his breath caressing her face. The sight of Seamus, with his torso torn open, falling into a puddle of his own blood, blotted out the memory of the desire that had glowed in Harry's eyes. She hurled herself to the ground as a curse sang over her head. The grass prickled her cheek, dirt slid and caked beneath her fingernails, and her blood thrummed in accelerated response to the staccato race of her heart. There was no more time to dwell on Harry, to even look sideways at him. She threw herself into the business of bringing the curtain down on the accursed War. Her ears rang as she fought, picking her way through the melee, her arm movements emphatic and precise, her wand a slender and slashing brown blur. She could feel the heat of her blood in her face, the surging, thrilling swell of adrenaline, and every now and then an inarticulate cry of rage or effort would reach her ears, and she would realize in astonishment that she was its source. An uncounted number of masked wizards and witches fell before her, and she could not have told anyone afterwards what exactly happened. And then the entire scenario seemed to come to an abrupt halt. She could have sworn she actually heard the screech of a phonograph needle across vinyl. A frantic toss of her head allowed her a glimpse of Harry and Ron, not unscathed but still standing, just to her left. Harry exchanged an unreadable glance with Ron, and began to move in front of her, pushing her hand down gently, where it had begun to lift, to aim and wield the wand she clenched so tightly that she had left miniature furrows in the slim handle. Her lips parted, but the protest died in her throat, as she and Ron began to slide toward each other, as if choreographed to do so. Harry did not look back at them, but his spine was straight, his shoulders square, his head lifted. It was clear that he was not afraid, and that irrefutable fact made Hermione even more ashamed of the fear that made her tremble all over. Voldemort was waiting, and it was as if time had literally stopped. A fell hush draped across the battlefield like heavy, smothering velvet, as everyone waited, knowing too well that this would be the penultimate act, that the end was imminent. A sweeping arc of the Dark Wizard's wand formed a great domed shield, translucent, but preventing anyone from affecting the outcome. A random Death Eater could have easily taken a pot shot at Harry, as he'd moved, totally focused, toward his nemesis, but of course, Voldemort's ego would not have permitted it. Sweat trickled from Hermione's hairline into her eyes, burning and commingling with the tears. The dome shimmered and swam gelatinously in her vision. She felt Ron's grimy fingers entwine with hers. And the duel was engaged. The two men circled each other like wary panthers, each unsure of the proper opening gambit, each searching for something to exploit. Harry's eyes