Wow. First story! I really hope you guys enjoy. I'll try to write with lots of detail so you can enjoy the story. Sorry for the pure lemon lovers, but this will be a romance story starring Nate and Piper as well as Will Solace and April (they come later). After I finish this story, I will be uploading a different story that will be pure lemon. Without further adieu… Enjoy! :) Nate was the type of guy you would call a total catch. He had black hair and a handsome face. His broad shoulders and toned 6 pack were an obvious indicator of being a surfer, other than the golden tan. He was smart, great with dogs and could easily kill a monster if necessary. When his dad told him it was time to go to camp, he had flown to New York to go to Camp Half-Blood. He hailed a cab and gave the driver the address to the strawberry farm that his dad had said to go to. After he paid the driver, he walked into the strawberry fields and observed his surroundings. "I think this is the place Dad said to go," Nate said to himself, still suspicious of his surroundings. An ominous feeling passed over Nate as he saw a big pine tree. He narrowed his eyes and silently crept forward. As he neared the big pine tree, a massive dragon appeared. It roared and shot a jet of fire at him. Nate jumped sideways and rolled to his feet while simultaneously pulling out two daggers out of their holsters on his leg. Although surprised (and a little scared), he jumped back and observed his opponent. Peleus (the dragon) roared a mighty roar, and charged Nate while breathing a massive jet of fire. … "What's that Piper?" asked a small girl, pointing off into the distance. "Oh Georgie. I'm sure it's nothing. Why don't you back to the cabin and play the Kardashian game (is that what it's called?) on your iPad," Piper said to the small girl, while patting her on the head. "No Piper. Pleeeeeease look. There is something there," Georgie said tugging on her dress and pointing into the distance once again. Piper turned, looking up from her phone and followed Georgie's small finger. Hmm something is going on up there… Piper thought. ... Demigods practicing archery and canoeing, as well as sparring rushed to the hill to see what the commotion was about. Soon, a crowd had run to hill where Peleus and Nate were fighting. Most of the Apollo kids notched arrows and many people took out their swords. When Nate saw Peleus charging, he didn't dodge. Instead, Nate spun his daggers in his hands, creating a whirlwind that counteracted the fire breathing by Peleus. When the dragon got close, Nate did a simple roundhouse kick to push the furious dragon back. "I'm done waiting for the dragon to finish the twerp," Clarisse growled and charged Nate, her magical sword glowing a dark red. Nate holstered his daggers and pulled a small bamboo shaft about of his pocket and shot it up in the air. Then he pulled a metal pole off his back and started blocking Clarisse's wild swings. Out of nowhere, Clarisse's eyes widened and rolled under her eyelids and stepped back as she crumpled to the floor. A small black dart could be seen poking out of her neck. Nate prepared for another attack, but instead grinned when the crowd started backing up. Out of nowhere, he heard the whistle of a flying arrow. He quickly moved and caught the arrow, and eyed the crowd, trying to identify who shot the arrow. The crowd parted and a man appeared... with the legs of a horse? "You must be Chiron, right?" "Yes," Chiron said nodding. "The real question is, who are you?" Percy Jackson stood in the back and carefully evaluated the "new kid." Percy just couldn't figure it out. Was this guy a spy? An enemy? A friend? Before Nate could answer Chiron's question, Percy stepped up and asked a question. "Will you accept an offer for a duel?" ... As Percy and Nate prepared for the duel, girls and boys sat down to watch, including Chiron in his special booth. "He's so hot." "I know right. I could totally see him pounding me. I bet he has a massive dick." "You're such a slut Piper. And he's not thaaat hot. Percy's better." "Shut up Annabeth. Just because you're in luuuv with Percy doesn't mean someone else isn't hot." "Piper I hate to break it to you, but you're never gunna get into a real relationship because you're too fuck 'me and leave 'em." "Take that back! Jason loved me!" "For a month!" A crowd had started to form around the angry girls, and chant "Fight, Fight, Fight!" Annabeth tackled Piper having more strength and being the taller girl. She quickly gained leverage, and slapped Piper across the face a few times. "That's what you get." Piper grumbled as Annabeth got off her and the crowd started to disperse. Everyone quickly sat in their seats, when Percy walked out of one side, and Nate out of the other. Both seemed to be pretty calm. Neither was wearing armor, and the crowd started whispering because of this. Percy was the only one out of all of them who looked this calm going into a fight. Was Nate as good as Percy? Percy pulled out Riptide pen form and Nate laughed. "You gunna kill me with a pen?" Nate said laughing. A smirk was plastered across his face as he laughed. Percy uncapped Riptide, and then it was Percy's turn to smirk as the evident expression of "oh shit" had replaced the cocky smirk on Nate's face. "Cool trick." "Thanks." Nate pulled out a pen and Percy raised an eyebrow, was it possible that Nate had the same weapon? No one had anything that resembled Riptide. Percy was nervous. Nate saw his expression and started howling with laughter. The crowd seemed confused and Percy was confused with them. Nate threw the pen to the floor. "You really thought I could make a pen turn into a sword? That must be a special pen or shit cuz I can't even do that. I can do this though..." Out of nowhere, a pink sword appeared in Nate's hand. Everyone was to shocked at the trick to notice the color of the sword. "Shit," Nate said. "Grandma must be fucking with my again." Nate waved his hand around the sword and it changed to a dark purple. Nate nodded with satisfaction. "That's better." Percy and Nate started circling each other, but Nate struck first. With the skill and speed of a master Nate jabbed at Percy's head. Percy ducked and did a sidespin while swinging Riptide. Nate blocked with a downwards thrust and planted his sword into the ground. He used his planted sword as a pushing off point, and landed a direct double foot roundhouse kick to Percy's face. Nate swung back around the sword and pulled the sword out of the ground and landed gracefully 10 feet away from Percy who was clutching his head. "Time out," he said. He limped over to the water cooler and dumped 5 cups of water on his head while Nate watched curiously. All of a sudden, Percy had boundless amounts of energy. He rushed Nate who seemed ready to face him. Their swords danced while their feet moved as if dancing. It was a sight to see. Chiron hadn't seen a display of swordsmanship as good as the one in front of him in hundreds of years. But as the water's effect wore off, Percy started falling behind and had to go on the defensive, while Nate went full offensive mode. He corned Percy into a wall and flicked Riptide out of Percy's hand. Nate eyed Percy then waved his left hand and his sword disappeared. He offered his hand for a handshake. "So you must be the son of Poseidon dad always talks about." ... Chiron brought Nate, Percy, Annabeth and Piper to the big house to discuss. Nate sat down and Piper sat down next to him, while Percy leaned against a wall in the back. Annabeth sat in a chair across from Nate and Chiron stood standing because he couldn't really sit because, well, I think you know why. "How did you get that good with a sword?" Piper asked. "Well Dad says the best way to kill a monster is with a sword. We trained everyday from 3 pm to 7 pm for 10 years," Nate answered confidently. Chiron nodded. "May I ask who your father is?" Chiron inquired. Nate scratched his head. "Dad said not to tell anyone cuz he was gunna make some floating symbol thing appear over my head." "Interesting. We'll have to send you to the Hermes cabin because you're a new kid," Chiron said. "Sorry it's the rules," he added when Nate frowned unhappily. Annabeth frowned. "Isn't Hermes cabin full?" "We have room in the Aphrodite cabin," Piper blurted out. Annabeth and Chiron both eyed Piper suspiciously, and Percy curiously. "Even when Hermes is full, we never put into Aphrodite. Why should we now?" "No one is in the Aphrodite cabin anymore. Everyone left for the makeup sesh at Camp Jupiter. And I'm bored," Piper said pouting. "Let her have the new guy." Everyone turned to Percy who was still leaning against the wall. "Why not right?" Chiron nodded. "Alright. Nate you're sleeping in Aphrodite cabin." Nate shrugged and picked up his bag. "Follow me!" Piper yelled skipping to her cabin. "What got into her?" Nate said before walking after her. ... "So this is the bathroom," Piper said as she pointed in one direction. "And this is where you're gunna sleep." "Ok." Nate flopped down on the bed Piper pointed to and pulled out his 3DS. ... Piper hadn't fucked in one week because her best fuck partner, Daren, had left for the makeup sesh. She really needed a good cock up her pussy. So she made her move. "I'm gunna take a shower, so don't come into the bathroom." Nate nodded before going back to playing Super Smash Bros on his 3DS. Piper took a quick shower and loosely draped a towel around her breasts. She made sure that it just covered her dripping wet pussy. "Naaaaaate," she called. "Ya," came the lazy response. "Can you bring me my brush?" "You told me not to come in." "Well I'm telling you to come in now. I have a towel on silly." Nate grudgingly got up and retrieved Piper's brush and walked into the bathroom. I have to time this perfectly , Piper thought to herself. When Nate walked in she stepped forward and purposely got her towel stuck on a hook. Her loosely draped towel dropped from her body and all Nate could do was stare. Her large 32C breasts looked so lickable and squeezeable. Her cleavage looked so inviting. And finally, her wet skitty looked like it needed to be satisfied. Nate stared for 5 seconds while Piper faked surprise. It took Nate a few seconds, but eventually he looked away and cried out an apology before running to his bed. When Piper stuck her head out, she saw his left hand stroking something under his stomach while he played his 3DS. Piper grinned. She silently crept up behind him and lay herself on his back. Nate froze. "Do you like?" Piper purred as her tongue licked his neck. Nate visibly shivered and Piper licked her lips. "Don't you want to bang my tight little pussy Nate?" Nate was really nervous. You see, Nate was a virgin. Yeah. When you see a hot guy like him, you would expect a man who was excellent with the ladies. Nate was quite the opposite. He never went to school and never had a