The Gryffindor Serpent Chapter One Narcissa Malfoy was panting heavily. She'd finally given birth after fourteen strenuous hours of labor. Mandy, the midwife from St. Mungos was cleansing the little one. Her little girl. She was ecstatic. A girl. A little girl. She smiled despite the exhaustion she felt. Her husband, Lucius Malfoy II, had already said that if they had a girl, she would be the one to name her, and she knew exactly what she would call her. Hermione. Hermione Narcissa Malfoy. Hermione, the name she'd fallen in love with after reading Shakespeare's A Winter's Tale. Hermione Malfoy. She smiled. "Bring her to me Mandy," she ordered. The young witch named Mandy complied and finally she had her daughter in her arms. The past months of misery and discomfort were finally worth it as she took one look into her beautiful, brilliantly royal blue eyes. Her heart swelled. She had her eyes. "You're beautiful Hermione," she whispered, before kissing her forehead. Drawing back to gaze at her daughter, Narcissa's smile slowly began to fade. Hermione had dark brown curls on the top of her head. She had high cheek bones and a slightly hooked nose. And though her eyes were the same abnormally blue as hers, the were shaped differently. Hermione did not look like her, nor did she look like Lucius. No, she looked like another man entirely. A man that she still harbored deep feelings for. The man she would have gladly married had her marriage not been arranged before she could even crawl. She'd been betrothed to Lucius since she was three months old, he had been three. She looked down at the beautiful baby in her arms again. How was this possible? They had always been so careful. She always took a contraceptive potion afterwards. It had never, in three years fail, so, why or how did it fail now? Panic began to fill her as she thought back to the last time they had been together. He had left her battered and bruised and quite heart broken by the unfortunate truth that she had to marry Lucius. He had not giving her the contraceptive before he'd left. There was no other explanation, Severus had impregnated her that evening. But what about Lucius? Lucius, who was away doing God knows what with his Dark Lord. Lucius was expecting a son. He would never believe the truth that she and Severus had not been sleeping together during their marriage. He would be furious, scary even. Would he beat on her for giving birth to Severus' child? Or would he, God forbid, try to kill her and her daughter, Hermione. She did not want to believe it possible, but she knew that Lucius was capable of anything. Lucius had always been dark. Coming from a rich family line, Lucius had grown up with the best of everything and giving orders. He and his younger sister Lucinda were born with a gold spoon in their mouths and elves waiting on them hand and foot. Lucinda had grown to be somewhat normal, snobbish, but still tolerable. Lucius on the other hand was out of control. He was a cruel and vicious man. He prided himself on his good looks, and wealthy background. He believed the sun shone out of his ass, and everything else was beneath him, including her. Hermione would not be safe around Lucius. Lucius would never accept her. He would hurt her, belittle her, make her feel inferior to him if he did not outright kill her. But above all, she would never carry the name Malfoy, or be treated as such. Tears fell from her eyes as she made up her mind on what she knew she had to do. It was the only thing she knew would keep her safe... and alive. Thirteen Years and Eleven Months Later Hermione Jane Granger lay trembling on her bed. She couldn't believe what had just happened. She rolled over as tears poured from her eyes. She hurt all over. She had just been raped. She couldn't believe it. She couldn't understand it. Why would he do this to her? She thought he loved her. He was supposed to love her. He was her father. Why? was all she kept asking herself as she laid there feeling the blood and semen leak from her. She couldn't wrap her fingers around why he had violated her in this way. Why he had hurt her so badly. She wished her mother was there to comfort her. To tell her everything would be alright. To tell her that he would never hurt her again. But that would never happen. Her mother was dead. She had died in a train crash just before the end of term, in May, three months before. Her father was all she had, and now she did not have him. She had no one. No one else. Well that was not completely true. She had her best friends, Harry Potter and Ron Weasley. They were both younger than her, but they were extremely loyal and brave. Harry more so than Ron, of course. She would write them. No, she couldn't write and tell them that she had been raped by her father. They would do something incredibly stupid. Harry would try to curse her father and end up expelled from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Ron would tell his parents and Mrs. Weasley would fuss worse than her own mother would have and she would have to deal with awkward questions and pitying looks from the rest of the Weasley Clan. No, it was better if she kept it to herself. In two weeks, she would be back at Hogwarts where she would be able to put this behind her and go back to a somewhat normal life. No one would know. Tears still falling she turned over and slowly drifted off to sleep. 88888888888 Hermione awoke feeling dazed and sore. It took her a moment to realize why she was feeling so awful. Then it hit her. The brutality that her father had afflicted upon her. It wasn't a dream. The soreness between her legs proved that. The aches that she felt pulsating through her bones proved that she had been violently held down and taken advantage of. She began to cry again, the unbearable truth settling in her. Her father had attacked and raped her. For how long she sat there bawling, Hermione did not know. She felt physically sick. She was not supposed to be experiencing this ordeal. She was only thirteen years old. She wondered what her mother would tell her to do. But Helen Granger had never spoken to her about sex, about her body, or how to defend herself. Hermione did not have long to ponder over it however. Suddenly, she heard her father's room door open and close. She began to tremble. She could hear his steps approaching her room. She crawled under the blankets, submerging herself completely. Her room door burst open. Hermione jumped while still under the covers, disbanding the illusion that she had been asleep. "Good morning Princess," said John Granger as he approached her bed. Hermione let out a whimper. John yanked the green and silver blanket from her bed and threw it to the floor. Hermione gasped. He was naked. "I need more Hermione," he said as he began massaging his already swelling penis. "D-Dad please don't," cried Hermione backing into the wall. "Why are you doing this?" John Granger studied the frightened teen sniveling in front of him. "You are not my daughter, Hermione," he said still jacking himself. "W-What," stammered Hermione completely thrown by this statement. "What do you mean? "Helen and I had a son," said John. "His name was Jonathon. He was born September 13, six days before you. He died September 17, two days before your birth. He died from SIDS. On the 21st of September, two days after you were born, we found you on our doorstep with a letter from your birth mother explaining that she had to hide you for your safety. She is a witch like you. She said that when you turned eleven it would make sense to us. It did. On your eleventh birthday, you received that letter from Hogwarts. That's what your mother was referring to, I'd bet my life. She mentioned that your father was Snape. No first name. She signed the letter with the initials NMB." Hermione couldn't believe her ears. "I'm adopted?" she managed to choke out at last. "Yes," said John standing in front her. "And haven't I always given you everything your little heart desired?" he asked. He put on a mock pitch of her voice. "Daddy can I have this. Daddy can I have that. Daddy I want a pony at my party. Daddy I want, I want, I want. Thousands of dollars I've chunked out of my wallet for you Hermione." he said as he ran his hand down the side her face. "I've never denied you." "But this is wrong Dad," said Hermione, as tears fell still. "You're not supposed to hurt me." "It only hurt because you resisted Hermione," he growled, his patience running thin. "Lay down and spread your fucking legs or I will make it hurt again." Hermione shook her head. "No dad please don't make me," she whimpered. John Granger lost it. He balled his fist and struck her hard in the face, once, twice, a third time. Hermione felt like a ton of bricks had collided into her head. Her vision blurred. She could feel her father ripping her panties from her. Her panties that were still stained with the evidence of their first encounters the night before. She felt her legs spread and felt him slam himself into her. She cried out in pain. It hurt more than it did the night before. Her body was already bruised and sore and it felt like he was impaling her with his tool. "STOP". Scream. "DAD PLEASE," she was screaming. "PLEASE STOP". Scream. "PLEASE". Scream. "I BEG YOU". Scream. "PLEASE DAD". Scream. "STOP". But he did not stop. He keeps slamming into her making the obscenest sounds. Hermione closed her eyes praying to whatever god that was listening, as the pain tore through her body. Suddenly she felt his tongue enter her mouth. She found her courage. She bit down until she tasted his blood in her mouth. John was writhing in pain. she slipped from under him and bolted from the room. She was going to have to run away. He would surely kill her now. Passing the kitchen, she spotted her wand sitting on the countertop. She snatched it up without pausing. John was running out her bedroom now. She made it to the front door and sprinted out of it, not caring that she had no panties nor pants on. Not caring that she had blood leaking down both her legs and around her mouth, nor that her entire body was covered in huge bruises from where she was struck repeatedly, before, during, and after he raped her, repeatedly. She did not care that her shirt was torn and one of her breast had popped from her bra. Her feet hurt as she ran barefooted with all her strength as fast as she could. She did not stop when she ran into the postman on the next street, who looked flabbergasted at her appearance, nor for the car that nearly ran her over down the street from that. For how long she ran she did not know. All she knew was that she had to put as much distance between her and John Granger as possible. She ran full on for an hour, carried by magic and adrenalin until she collided into a black wall that threw her to the ground. Through dazed eyes she saw that the black wall had turned out to be a