The day I thought would never come has finally arrived. I stared at myself in the full length mirror, admiring the way the big, white dress framed my body. I smiled at myself, wondering if this was all a dream and if it was, I hoped it would never end. Breathing in deeply, I walked over and sat down on my bed. It was the same bed I had ever since I was a child. Wow, I'm actually getting married today. It took me thirteen years to prepare myself for this and now I'm here. As a kid, I've always dreamed about my wedding. I grew up with the idea that I would never get married because to me, it just didn't seem likely. With all the ups, downs and break ups, I just never thought a relationship would work. Even though he and I have had our ups and downs, we were always drawn back to each other. Our story wasn't always a good one. It wasn't picture perfect, and it definitely wasn't those ones you would read about in books or see in the movies. It was more of those Life Time movie of the week. I closed my eyes, remembering how all of this began. I was sitting in Miss Brown's 6th Grade Math class. I was the new kid in school and I had missed the first day because I begged my dad to let me stay home. I was scared because I was going to be the new kid. So when I did go to school...actually, my dad dragged me to school, I was the last one to enter the classroom. Naturally, all the desks were taken except for one next to this boy. He was sitting quietly at his desk, reading a spider-man comic book. I took a seat next to him. He didn't react to me sitting next to him. "Hi, I'm Bella." I introduced myself with a smile. I was trying to be nice, but he continued to ignore me and read his comic book. Thinking he was shy, I said, "What's your name?" He let out an obvious sigh and pointed to this piece of paper that was taped to the desk. It said 'Paul L.'. He went back to reading his comic. For the next few months, that's how school went. I sat next to him, he sat next to me and we didn't speak to each other. But one day, Miss Brown gave us a worksheet to do all my ourselves. I hated what we were working on. I didn't understand it. When I was attempting to finish the first questions, I could hear someone growling. I looked over to my left and it was Paul. He was making wolfish dog sounds. He was glaring over at my worksheet. "What?" I asked, sort of intimidated by him. "You did questions one, three, four and six wrong. Do them again." He spat through his teeth. I stared at him for a really long time, trying to comprehend why he was being ignorantly rude. I mean, he hasn't spoken to me all year and now that he decides to talk to me, he's being rude? Unreluctantly, I redid the questions. I looked over at him and caught him staring at my sheet again. He was growling again. At this point, I very much wished that Miss Brown would come around and tell him to knock it off. I looked away, but I could feel his eyes burn the side of my head. "You still have one, six, eight, thirteen and nineteen wrong." He sneered. I redid the questions and once again, I caught him growling. "Oh my god, just forget it!" He hissed impatiently. He snatched my worksheet and redid the questions I did wrong. I couldn't help but smile as I watched him do my work for me. From that day on, I knew that he and I were going to be stuck together for a very long time. I heard a knock on my door, waking me up from my daydreaming. "Come in!" I shouted to whoever ruined my thoughts. The door swung open and in came my best friend, Kim. She had always been there for me through thick and thin. I met her in the same class where I met Paul. Looking around the room, I could see a smile growing on her face as she stared at old pictures that hung on the walls. We spent most of our time in this bedroom - my bedroom - talking about boys, watching movies, cried our hearts out and hid away when we accidentally wrecked her dad's new car. Kim looked lovely in the green dress. She had pink flowers pinned in her hair. "Hey, Bella, how are you feeling? Having any cold feet, yet?" She asked, taking a seat next to me. She is the next person, besides myself, who understands how I'm feeling. There was a time where Paul and I had broken up, and I remember when no one believe that Paul and I could last. But, Kim was always there. Being our number one fan. I smiled at her question. "No, not yet. So what did you come here for? Wanted to know if I was going to make a run for it?" "Nah, I just wanted to see how you're doing and if I could help with anything." She smirked. "Nope, I'm just waiting for my cue to say I do." "I can't believe you're getting married before me." She teased. I got off my bed and fluffed my dress. "I know, right? It's unreal right now. I mean, I'm standing in my dream dress and everything...but still." Kim stood up and approached me with her warm, friendly smile. "Yes, I can't believe it took us four months to find that dress!" She squeaked. It took me a long time to feel comfortable in a dress, but I knew it was worth the wait. "But if anyone should be getting married right now, it should be you and Paul." Kim pulled me into a big hug. We stood there, holding each other and beginning to cry. She pulled away from me. "Well, I suppose I better go and see what everyone's doing now. I'll be back soon." She walked out the door and the smile that I had plastered on my face fell. I stared at the clock, realizing I had a lot of time left before I actually walk down the aisle. Feeling bored, I went to the window and looked down at the yard. There were people working on decorations for the wedding and setting up some equipment, but there was no sign of the love of my life. He's probably still getting ready. The house is going to be ours after we say our vows. I remember the first time I walked into the house. I was staying the night at Kim's and she only live three houses up from Paul. Every time I came over, she gave me a makeover and wanted to show off her work. As a fourteen year old girl, I didn't know much about make up or girly things. So to me, she did a good job. Or at least, I thought she did. She heard that a boy she liked was going to be at Paul's house, so she took the opportunity and walked ten seconds to Paul's. She knocked on the door and in a minute, someone opened the door. Paul stood there, next to his friend Jared whom I guessed was Kim's ultimate crush. Both of the guys looked incredibly confused as to why we were there. Then, Kim spoke up and asked if they wanted to watch a movie or something. It was such a straight-forward question that I felt myself flush with embarrassment. Surprisingly, they said sure and allowed us to crash their party of two. Paul's house was homey. There were pictures of him and his dad on top of desks and tables, but I noticed there were no pictures of his mother. After the movie was over, Kim whispered to me, "His mother ran out of both of them." When Paul was four years old, his father was the kind of man who slept around. He never stayed with a woman for long. Kim told me more stories and at one point, it hit me; this is why he acts the way he does. That is why he won't talk to anyone outside of his friend group. Before we went back to Kim's, Paul pulled me aside. "You know, you looked a lot better without that shit on your face. Eye liner is enough for a girl." I nodded once at his suggestion and after that, Kim and I left. Since then, I had this small crush towards him growing. I shook my head, remembering how that small crush grew into a deep love day after day. I walked over to one of the four walls that surrounded me, the one where most of my pictures hung. I touched every frame, reliving each memory. I stopped when I came to a cast picture from our high school musical version of the Wizard of Oz. My memory brought me back to when I sat next to him in math class a few years ago. I tried to become better friends with him, but he wouldn't speak to me for longer than a minute or without someone else being there. We were both fifteen years old, and I still had that small crush on him that just wouldn't go away. He had gotten taller and his body started to tone. All the girls noticed too, but he never showed any interest in them. One time, we were in the same hallway alone during break. My next class was drama and his was wood shop. He stood quietly playing a game on his cell phone. Just walk up and stand next to him, Bella! Just talk to him. What's the worse that could happen? I encouraged myself and I took a few steps forward before my mind went into overdrive. All these crazy ideas and scenarios started to play in my mind. What if looks at me weirdly and walks away? I started to freak out when the space between us was getting smaller and smaller. When I was close enough, I chickened out and started running down the hallway. I kept running, embarrassed, until I sat down in the drama classroom. Chickened out again, Bella? How in the hell is he supposed to notice you if you keep running away? My mind shouted at me. I looked down at my hands and nearly gasp as I realized what I was holding. I was holding his cell phone. I took his cell phone! Good work, Bella, now he knows you exist. Bad news, though, you're going to be the freak who stole his phone. The screen was still illuminated to a game of Snakes. Well, I'm dead for taking his phone so might as well play the game until he finds me. I was about to play it when I noticed his shoes in front of me. I looked up and there he stood, his arms crossed. "Can I have my phone back?" He hisses at me, clearly pissed. Play it cool, Bella, don't chicken out. "Can't you see I'm in a game?" I snidely retorted. He was taken aback but smiled anyway. He took a seat next to me, much to my liking. "Mr. B's test today was really hard, huh?" He remarked irrelevantly. I smiled internally as I noticed that he's letting me use his phone. "Yeah, it was a killer." After that day, we sort of became best friends. When I knew that we were good enough friends, I asked him why he didn't murder me for taking his phone. He grinned, as if he remembered that day,