BLACKTHORN Fall Regulus was neither small nor a king but his namesake would beg to differ. Son to Orion and Walburga Black, Regulus brought pride to 12 Grimmauld Place from the moment he set foot on platform 9 ¾s. A boy of average build for his age, jet black hair, and a long mature face was barely ready to start his first year at Hogwarts. After sending their oldest son the year before, the Black house had become less cheerful that summer. The Black's, being one of the oldest pureblood families in England, were almost always sorted into Slytherin. When they were informed that their first born Sirius had been sorted into Gryffindor poor old Walburga had almost died right there in her chair. The entire year that followed those events was by far the worst of young Regulus's life. His mother spent more time ignoring her children that year than in any other year he could remember. Regulus would surely bring honor back to their name and be sorted into Slytherin….. "Where the Black family belongs!" Walburga had reminded Sirius on more than one occasion that summer of 1972. Having already tested extremely well, Regulus was skipping a year in almost every class. His test scores were so high that some of them were the highest ever achieved by a wizard of his would most certainly be attending some classes with his older brother during his first year at Hogwarts. Unlike many boastful youths his age Regulus was different. Instead of reminding his brother of his intellectual prowess Regulus chose not to speak at all and keep to himself…he was a boy of few words. Growing up a year younger than Sirius, Regulus never really had to speak much…Sirius handled much of the talking. Sirius argued with his parents. Sirius spoke for the boys. Sirius was always getting into trouble. Sirius had always been their favorite…the center of their parents attention. That all changed the day that the news made its way back to 12 Grimmauld Place… he had been sorted into Gryffindor…..in fact…..Sirius received a howler and was forced to spend Christmas break at his new friend James Potter's house. Once they had a week….or 9 months….to cool down he was allowed to return home for the summer break. Orion wanted the chance to confront him…..but no good ever came from Orion confronting anyone. Orion Black was a well-to-do pureblood wizard that was in fact afraid of his own shadow. He cowered at the mere thought of confrontation. The head of the Black house was not really the head of anything. Walburga wore the pants at 12 Grimmauld Place. She spoke for the family name she gained though marriage. If anyone had bothered to ask Regulus he would have simply told them that his mother had missed her oldest son and wanted him home that summer…..but she would never admit it. Three months with Sirius had done more damage than good and that was the last full summer he would ever spend under that roof. Posters of muggle items….muggle girls…and a shrine to Godric Gryffindor had basically sealed Sirius's fate….in Walburga's eyes Sirius was not behaving like pureblood wizard. Being younger and much smarter than any other Black that had ever lived Regulus was a child of very few words. He let his extremely high test scores and superior athletic strengths speak for themselves. He was better than everyone else at everything else and spent more time shrugging and smirking than speaking at all. Sirius would jabber and flap his gums while Regulus would stare and nod. He didn't seem to care about much of anything and even at the tender age of 11 seemed to be going through the motions of life….but not living. He almost always knew the answer but rarely cared to share it. His shortcomings were few and far between….except maybe potions…..but he would never admit it. All wizards have a familiar. First years are required to bring one with them when they come and Regulus decided to bring the blackbird Kreacher had caught in the tapestries earlier that summer. He named him Sir Charles and kept him in an antique wooden birdcage in his room. Sir Charles was unbelievably quiet…..an irregularly loyal. He refused to fly out of an open window after having spent only a few weeks with Regulus. He fed him daily and would let him fly around his room. By the second week Sir Charles began sleeping on the posts of Regulus's four poster bed. Walburga mentioned on more than one occasion that summer that Sir Charles was extremely creepy. She thought that it would be odd for him to take a blackbird as a familiar but the bird would just stare at her when she did….which only creeped her out more. Regulus swore that it could understand English. The day he named the bird Sir Charles he could have sworn he saw him bow his head and tilt it to one side then the next as if he was being knighted. As Orion and Walburga turned to leave their youngest son at the entrance to platform 9 ¾ s they made sure to remind him that it was imperative that he not follow his older brother's poor example and make sure that he was sorted into Slytherin. He nodded but gave no audible response. He had never really worried about much in his life. He rarely got things wrong …..and never got anything wrong on a test….but the sorting hat was out of his hands. As soon as he sat down on the train his brain took off and was working faster than the engines pulling him to Hogwarts. What would he do if the sorting hat said 'Gryffindor'? Having rarely felt emotions of any kind Regulus had no idea how to deal with the anxiety of letting his parents down. He had never before had to worry about even trying. He was used to things coming to him naturely…..but in this case nature would control his fate. Everything else they cared about he could easily control….but the sorting hat….it was out of his hands. As he sat in a car all by himself he could think of nothing else….sorting….where would he get placed? "Worried you won't get into Slytherin, you little kiss-ass?" Sirius said poking his head into the barely open car door. An accusation Regulus met with a frustrated frown and raised eyebrow as Sirius and his friends came into the doorway. "This is James and Remus. My best buds in the Gryf." As Sirius finished introducing them a fat blubbering idiot came crashing into his two friends that were casually propped against the door to Regulus's cabin. All four of them were sent spiraling into the car and Regulus's lap. "And this idiot is Peter." Sirius said looking up at Regulus as the boys casually rose to their feet. "Hi!" Peter said. "I'm Peter Pettigrew. Who are you?" "This is my baby brother you idiot." Sirius shot a nasty look at Peter. "Who said you could follow us anyway?" "Oh leave him be Sirius." Lupin said. "He's comic relief…..something you need from time to time." "I'm not funny enough?" James said. "James Potter. Nice to meet you…?" "Regulus." Regulus answered slowly. "Hoping for Gryffindor when you get sorted?" James asked. "No." Regulus said with a plain and monotone retort. "He wants to be in Slyyyytheriiiin." Sirius said back sarcastically. "Mummy and daddy will be proud." A comment that drew another raised eyebrow out of Regulus. "Don't say much does he Siri?" James said. "Nope." Sirius answered. "Not much at all. Maybe Gryffindor would be better off?" "Two Blacks is better than one!" Peter added but no one paid him any attention. "Give it a thought Regulus." Remus added. "You could hang with us. I heard you're skipping a few classes anyway. We could all use a little help in potions class." He said with a laugh. "Remus Lupin by the way." Remus stretched his hand out to shake Regulus's but Regulus did not do the same. Instead he leaned forward and smelled Remus's wrist. Remus ripped his hand away then smelled it for himself to try and figure out why Regulus would smell it. "Ewww. He smelled your hand Remus." Peter said. "What a weirdo." James said to Sirius. "I'm sorry he's your brother mate. He's got the personality of a rank dish towel." Regulus raised his eyebrow again. "I told you this would be a waste a time." Sirius said. "Na. I can see it in his eyes." Remus interrupted him. "He's a Gryffindor." Regulus put his hand on his belt and slid his wand out a few inches. "Ok maybe not." "Let's get out of here before your baby brother turns us into something rodent-like." Peter said in fear. "You'd probably like it Pettigrew." James said back before shaking his head at Regulus. "This kid's weird. I'm out of here. I want to go find Lily. Bet she's talking to that loser Snape again." "Ewwww Snivelus." Sirius said. "Possibly the only other person at Hogwarts this year that is more pointless than my brother. Don't say I didn't try Reg." The four intruders left Regulus's car and as the silence returned so did the anxiety…..where would he be sorted? Regulus slid to the back of the line. He didn't want to be sorted first. He was the last to get out of the train. The last to get into the boats. The last to make his way into the great hall. And now the last in line to be sorted. Unlike many of the other first year purebloods Regulus had zero magically inclined friends….or friends of any nature for that matter. He was tutored and home schooled by his only nonrelative friend in existence…..Kreacher…..his family's house elf. Kreacher was his only friend and form of entertainment while growing up. Sirius was always off doing things on his own and Regulus would always somehow find a way to wind up home alone…..somewhere he wished he was at that very moment. While he was stuck inside his head dreading the sorting process he hadn't realized that everyone else had gone up….he was now the last to be sorted. The droning repetition of transfiguration professor Minerva McGonagall saying 'Regulus Black' over and over again pulled him out of his anxiety driven haze. When he snapped out of it and started walking up to the sorting hat he realized that his brother and his loser friends had positioned themselves right up in front. The pressure was mounting and his steps got smaller and smaller. "Hagrid please help young Mr. Black up to the front." Headmaster Dumbledore said noticing that Regulus was taking forever to get to the sorting hat chair. Hagrid rose from his seat and walked down towards Regulus with the intent of picking him up and carrying him to the chair to be sorted. As soon as Regulus realized that there was a giant coming to carry him like a tiny baby to be sorted his feet started working again. He ran up to the chair and jumped in before Hagrid had even made it a few feet from where he had been sitting. He ignored his brother's gaze and the other comments from the Gryffindor table and tried to focus on snakes…Salazar…..green…..purebloods….Slytherin…..Slytherin….Slytherin. "Gryffin…!" The sorted had started to declare loudly. "Noooo." Regulus yelled. "No!" "No?" The sorting had said to him. "You wish to choose? Well that's a new one. That's my job here isn't it?" "Slytherin" Regulus whispered. "Are you sure?" The hat responded "Gryffindor would do you lots of good you know. You could become a great wizard there." "I am a great wizard!" Regulus declared jumping up and trying to remove the sorting hat. He struggled trying to rip it from his head as the sorting hat latched on trying to complete its task. "Hold your horses." The hat began. "Hold your