It has been a long time coming. And i apologise for taking such a long time. But i promised and i keep them. This story is still being written so uploads will be a bit slower than the others. It will be all light and fluffy to begin with but things will change as the years pass and the war begins. The story will follow through Harry's years, the war and beyond. I hope you enjoy. July 7th 1996 "Sirius, we were meant to leave half an hour ago. Am I not meant too be the one who takes ages to get ready" Sitting on the edge of the bed in the master bedroom of Grimmauld Place, Sofia spoke to the closed door of the bathroom. It was the beginning of July 1996. Since the article in the Daily Prophet abolishing all the crimes that had been placed on his name and declaring his freedom, Sirius had been apprehensive about leaving the house. Which baffled Sofia. She had been thinking that she wouldn't be able to get him back inside. Sofia questioned Sirius a lot at first, but she saw something much deeper was wrong. Instead of pushing him, she let Sirius take things at his own place. But today was a big day for them both. They were travelling into central London and Diagon Alley. Sirius insisted on getting Sofia an engagement ring, also he wanted to get a birthday present for Harry at the end of the month. With a heavy sigh Sofia stood from the bed and took the few paces to the bathroom door. "Sirius?" Sofia whispered through the wood but was greeted with silence. "Sweetheart, please talk to me" She continued softly. Slowly, testing the door, worried for his well being, Sofia opened the door. She saw Sirius leaning over the sink, staring at himself in the mirror. "Sirius what's wrong? Don't you want to go?" She asked him. "I do want to go, it's just..." Sirius paused and sighed, looking at himself in the mirror. Sofia watched him and she finally realised. "It's about what everyone will think isn't it" Sofia said softly. "Sirius, when have you been bothered about what other people think" She laid her hand gently onto his arm. "As soon as they see me they will see him, the prisoner, the crazed mad man" Sirius stared at his reflection. "That's nonsense Sirius" Sofia spoke softly. "No it isn't, seeing little kids hide behind their parents, running away in case I hurt them. I don't want to be seen as that man" Sirius' voice cracked and his head slumped forwards. Sofia sighed, listening to Sirius pour his heart out. "I want it to be how it was after school, it was easy, no worries, nothing, just us" Sirius whispered. "It can't be like that, you know that Sirius, a lot has changed and a lot is happening. But, maybe a few things can change" Sofia said and Sirius looked to her. "What do you mean?" Sirius asked. "Well, you said you wanted it to be like it was after school. We can't change what happened, but we can change a few things. You are scared of what people will say and think, well, what if people saw someone else, someone different" Sofia suggested. "Be someone...what like change myself in a different person? Like Tonks?" Sirius questioned. "Yes and no, look, you want different, so change" Sofia whispered, running her fingers through his soft long hair. "Sirius, it's up to you, this is your life. I am not going to push you to do anything. But you can't stay inside for the rest of your life" Sofia said, stroking his cheek with her finger. "I will be downstairs" She said and kissed his lips before leaving the bathroom, hearing a heavy sigh from Sirius. Walking down the stairs, Sofia sat at the table in the kitchen. Mug of coffee in her hand as she waited. She felt bad for Sirius, wanting to help him more but this was his choice. 15 minutes later and sill in the kitchen, there was a creak by the door. Sofia looked up from her mu and saw Sirius in the doorway. "Wow" Sofia was shocked and she stood from the table, walking over she gazed up to him. "Think people will recognize me now?" Sirius asked as Sofia reached up and ran her fingers through his now very short hair, which tufted up at the front. "Not quite like the school days, thought I was a bit past that" Sirius smiled which made Sofia chuckle. "I like it, and you got rid of your beard" Sofia noted, running her fingers over his cheek. Instead Sirius had a short goatee. "Do you like it?" Sirius asked her and she smiled to him. "You look fantastic Sirius, handsome, and I can see your face." Sofia leaned up on her toes and pressed her lips to his. Sirius smiled in the kiss before breaking away. "You're sure?" He asked again and Sofia laughed. "Yes I'm sure, now come on, let's get to Diagon Alley and have some fun" She took his hand tightly and dragged him out of the door before he could change his mind. The moment they stepped out the front door, Sirius and Sofia disapperated from the step. Instantly re-appearing in the alley beside the Leaky Cauldron. Sirius walked forwards and opened the door for Sofia to step inside. Thanking him, Sofia walked into the pub, seeing a few sat at the bar, but no one turned to take notice of the newcomers. Taking hold of Sirius' hand, she guided him to the back alley. Pausing, she looked at Sirius. "Are you sure?" Sofia asked him and he nodded. "Got to jump in at the deep end" Sirius said and with a smile at Sofia, the brick wall opened. Taking a deep breath, Sirius stepped onto the cobbled wizarding street of Diagon Alley. Looking up Sirius witnessed the vast beautiful sky. So clear and radiant, the stillness calming, a bird chirping a summer song as it flew above him. Sirius would dream of such simple bliss when he was alone in the darkness. A broad smile on his face, Sirius nodded before he walked down the street. There were a few witches and wizards gazing through shop windows as the duo headed to Gringotts. As they walked down the street, a wizard dipped his hat to Sirius. "Afternoon" he said and Sirius grinned, turning to Sofia, squeesing her hand, so happy that no one was hurling abuse or running from him. After getting a pouch full of galleons, Sofia looked at Sirius. "Where to first Sirius?" Sofia asked him as they walked between shops. "Something for Harry" He answered and looked at all the different buildings, thinking. "Well I got him a Firebolt, let's try in here" Sirius walked into Wiseacre's Wizarding Equipment as Sofia followed. Inside, Sofia looked at the crammed shelves. There were magical instruments in every nook and cranny, not a millimetre of space to spare. Sofia had no idea where to start looking, but Sirius walked straight to the back of he shop, the shelves were dusty, as were the objects sitting on them. "What are you looking for?" She asked him as she inspected the objects. Eyeing a lot of different dark detectors. "It will vibrate and glow bright green if a dementor is near" Sirius held in his hand a small golden cylinder with glass panel strips. "Are you sure it works?" Sofia asked dubiously. "I saw Mad-Eye have one. I know the Dementors affect Harry badly. He probably won't use it, but hey, it's a warning" Sirius said as he looked at Sofia. "Okay, well maybe get himself something else as well" Sofia noted, patting his back and looked around the shop. Sirius scowled as he walked to the counter. "Fine" he mumble, paying for the item he walked to Sofia. "Let's go get you a ring" He suggested and they both left the shop, back onto the cobbles. A smile returning to Sirius' face as he wrapped his arm around her waist. Walking inside the jewellers, Sofia smiled as she saw everything sparkle. Now Sofia was not particularly materialistic, or very feminine, but like any girl, she loved a bit of sparkle. "Oh now that's nice" Sofia admired the twisted silver band, gleaming diamond in the middle. Sirius meanwhile was hovering by the window, leaving Sofia to this part of the shopping. Listening to Sofia talking, he watched the sky. Moving closer to the glass when he noticed something odd. Dark clouds suddenly casted over, watching closer he then saw the shape of a skull. Rushing out he door he walked quickly down the cobbles. Other witches and wizards doing the same. "Sirius, what do you think of this one?" Sofia asked, reaching behind her as she examined the ring. When she felt nothing but air, Sofia stood up straight, turning to see nothing but air. "Sirius?" She called and moved to the door. Slowly opening it and stepping outside. Noting the dark sky. Seeing Sirius a few metres away and she approached him, placing a hand on his back. "Sirius?" Sofia questioned but he didn't reply, he was just watching upwards. Turning her gaze to follow, she froze. Watching the snake burst through the mouth of the skull. "Oh no" She whispered and quickly took her wand from her waist. Suddenly, screams erupted from behind them. Spinning around she felt herself pushed to the floor. Black smoke spreading over them. Getting back up, Sirius looking to her. "Are you okay?" he asked, nodding she jumped when an explosion rang through her ears. Flames billowing out of the windows, glass shattering. "No" Sofia whispered and ran with Sirius to the wand shop. Seeing the figures walk out, holding tightly to Mr Ollivander. But before they could even attempt to stop the deatheaters, they were gone. Stopping in front of the shop Sofia watched Sirius run inside, she stayed on the cobbles, wand a loft as the Ministry workers came onto the scene. "What happened here?" Came a voice behind Sofia and she looked to the new Minister of Magic Rufus Scrimgeour. "Deatheater's Minister" Sofia told him as Sirius re-appeared by her side. "They have taken Ollivander" Sirius looked at the Minister. "Why would they do such a thing?" Scrimgeour questioned but Sirius shook his head. "No idea" Sofia sighed, wand still by her side. "Well you can go, this is a Ministry matter now." Scrimgeour stated and Sirius took Sofia's hand, fastening her wand back to her waist. Walking with Sirius away from the scene. "Why the hell would they want Ollivander?" Sirius asked as they walked slowly. "He's a wandmaker, maybe Voldemort wants to use him for that purpose" Sofia suggested but it was all just guesswork. "Maybe" Sirius said and they stopped outside the jewellery shop, but they looked to one another. "I'm not really in the mood for ring shopping now" Sofia said quietly, just thinking about Ollivander. Was this just the beginning. Sirius stroked her cheek, gazing down to her. "We're getting married in two weeks, we need the rings. You need a dress, we haven't got a place for the ceremony" Sirius said and Sofia smiled. "Okay Mister organised" She whispered. "Let's go home, I suspect Remus will be waiting for us" Glancing back to Ollivander's...what was Ollivander's. "Actually that's something else I wanted to talk about" Sirius said as he walked and Sofia looked to him curiously. July 20th 1996 Sirius took a deep breath, fiddling with his cuffs. When he was in his cell he would imagine this day, the happiness. The thought of finally marrying the woman he adored. But he was full of nerves. Taking a deep breath, trying to keep calm, wiping the beads of sweat from his brow. "Never seen you look so nervous" Harry's voice drifted