These Charcters belong to Steph Myers "What is troubling you, Sulpicia?" Aro asked as I stood across the garden patio. The space was surrounded by a high wall, giving my coven some privacy from both the human and vampire world, which letting us relax and play Bocce ball. I was on the same team as Alec, and we were playingagainst Jane and Heidi. Heidi still chose to wear her high heels, for some reason, even though I'm sure they affected her game. Chelsea and Afton sat above the green garden stairs at an antique table playing Chess. Marcus, as usual, sat off to the side, reading a paper. Across the table his daughter, Corin, washappily making notes of a recently purchased music book. We all knew what was troubling Sulpica, she'd had that irritated look frozen on her face for the entire month since we came back from that ridiculous international wild goose chase- also known as dealing with the Cullens. Sulpica, being a Volturi wife, would normally have made everywish fulfilled to avoid Aro further trouble. Except for her long-standing request to have children, there was nothing else thatAro was unable to provide for her, andshe only brought it up when she found out Alec and Jane had to face danger without her knowledge. Sulpicia tended to use Alec, Jane and I as substitutes for children because we were all created by Aro. She knew it was a fact Aro never felt the same way, yet he pretended for her sake. It is a lie the Volturi wives never leave the palace, because if Sulpica was around all the time nothing would get done. Anytime Aro needed to send Alec or Jane somewhere, he would send her away to visit friends. Then one of twinswent on duty, while the other one stayed keeping an alibi when Sulipica called. It was Jane's idea to go through the Pacificroute . Demetri, Afton, Corin, and I were too afraid to disobey, butshe was in one of her power moods. We didn't know Sulipica was with the Japanese coven, when they invited us to stay for the day. Sulpica was talking with Alec, as he told her Jane went shopping when they lead us to her. Sulpica wanted to make us go back and apologize to the Cullens, making Jane confess instantly that Aro had sent us there. It may sound strange, but the twins are more scared to be in trouble with Sulipica than Aro. So when Irina came, Sulpica refused to leave, and Aro told her he was taking us to the Grand Canyon, she insisted on coming along. That was what led Caius into wanting to take Anthenodora, and Marcus inviting his friends. Aro onlytold Demetri and I what was really going onwhen he sentus out to get witnesses. We were in Cleveland when the wives found out what was really happening. This was really quite a shame, because we lost half the witnesses. While Aro and Sulpica were having that conversion that changed my life, some of us guards were having some down time when there was no trials or suicide request, or idiots pushing it in daylight. "You cheated!" Jane yelled. Her brother onlylaughed. "I did not," Alec said firmly. "You are just a sore loser." "Then how did the white ball happen to move when I wasn't looking?" Jane asked tossing her red ball up in the air. "Maybe you where no longer intimidating it?" Demetri shrugged as he stood, giving me a nudge on the arm. While being thereferee, but obviously in my support. "Anyway, Felix and Alec win, fair and square. Now it's our turn." Demetri said as Santiago came up with a smile. "Yeah," Santiago committed. "Let Renata and I have a chance to rematch Demetri and …Corin get over here! You're on Demetri's team." "Are you serious?" Demetri whispered as the least athletic guard member came over. "You need someone," Santiago pointed out. "Yeah, you need someone," I joked with him. "You have been acting a bit frustrated; you can borrow my black book if you like." "Or you can borrow mine." Demetri joked back. "Like I need it, with the way the chicks come to me," I pointed out to him. "True," Demetri answered nodding with agreement; we both had a way with the ladies. "Well, Jane and I will beat you at soccer," Heidi glared trying not to laugh, while I tried not laugh at the thoughts of Heidi being athletic. "Wait until it's thundering, before you three go off and do that." Marcus reminded not even looking up from 'La Nazione' . "You mean the four of us," Alec pointed out. "Do you really think Heidi would risk ruining her shoes ? " Marcus asked sarcastically as he pulled out the sports section. "Anyway, speaking of sports, someone needs to tellCaius he owes me money next time you see him." "He's coming out right now," I pointed seeing him and Anthenodora coming out from the tower. Her faceshowed her usual smile while she held Caius's hand- Caius, who never smiled. I heard Anthenodora laughing, most likely over whatever argument Aro and Sulpica were having, though their argumentsnormally remained between them. "Don't worry, Caius" Anthendora smiled, she was a lot more easy-going than him. "I considered these my children, and if Sulpicia agrees with Aro on this, then it will be as welcomed just as everyone who wishes to join the guard. Felix!" She then came up and gave me a hug. "Aro wishes to talk to you." "The Cullen kid really upset her?" I asked. "Yes, we went through centuries thinking our kind can't make children, now she finds out they can." Anthenodora smiled. "So there we go, we learnedsomething new. Most of us would be moving on by now, if it wasn't for the baby." "I still think the child is dangerous," Caius said fearfully. "Oh, Caius," Anthenodora took a deep breath. "Honey, you think everything is dangerous. You'veseen Carlisle before, andI doubt vampires that chase after deer are that much of a threat. So let's move on. Felix, wouldn't most vampires move on? " "Most of us would," I answered awkwardly; I hated it when the couple drew me into their bickering, I felt like one of those total strangers that happened to pass them who they asked for an opinion in the middle of one oftheir silly debates. "You see?" Anthenodora said. "Now, there is no reason to worry about those deer hunters, why don't we sit on the patio and talk about something else, andmaybe our creations can come and sit with us." She then looked up to the patio. "Heidi, how many times do I have to tell you, sneakers are very fashionable when kinking a ball around, and thatyou look ridiculous playing soccer in high heels?" "How is he going to pull this one off?" I heard Chelsea whisper to Afton. I was pretty sure the rest of us were wondering the same thing. "I don't know," Afton whispered. "Why were they so obsessed with that girl anyway? I didn't really think she was all that special." "Felix," I heard Aro call me from the tower as I was coming in, the sun was rising. "Come in here, I have a task for you." I walked up to the tower; I first passed the main floor that was the only room most vampires saw. It had the throne room, and the sectary's office, as well as the old class room that belong to Carlisle when he lived here. I then went to the large painting in the throne room which led to the private quarters, belonging to the few permit guard members. The first floor belong to Marcus and the late Didyme's creations. It had a polar, were they tended to sit in the early morning hours. It had a room for Chelsea, Didyme's eldest, and her husband Afton, who was created by Marcus. It also had Marcus's office, were he normally read the paper and exchanged letters with his friends. It was alsowhere Didyme's ashes were kept. All the rooms werenice and kept clean, except for Renata art studio, which was on that floor as she had beencreated by Didyme. There was normally music coming from one room, due to it beingCorin's music studio. Corin's rooms were kept there; as she wasDidyme's first born. It also had a small storage room, which once belonged to Eleazar, another one of Didyme's creations. That was the only room, however, thatwas kept closed. Caius and his creations had the next floor. It also had a living room with a couch, and even a TV that hasn't worked in decades. The room also housed a sewing table that Anthenodora used to make all the guard uniforms. I normally wentthere to gamble with Demetri, however, not to sew. Caius hadcreated Anthenodora in the first century and they have a room for them near the end. Heidi had a room on this floor that she host all her boyfriends in, which is also were she kept her gifts and love letters from her mate-less male admires. She was created by Anthenodora. Demetri, who was also created by Caius, had a room where he kept a bunch of different things, including a collection of car magazines. He hada TV which we used to watch the latest Italian sports, andsometimes check the news. Santiago also had a room, which he used for his obsession with rocks and study of them. He was a miner, before Caius accidentally changed him, so it made sense I guess. Anything flammable was prohibited by Caius. Despite Caius's strict rules, Anthenodora was able to make the place look homey. It was redecorated often, and normally resembled a typical household, and always had a homey feeling with the exception of the plastic wrap on the sofa and the smell of lemons all through the place. I lived on Aro's floor, as I was created by him back in the thirteen-hundreds. I lived their along with Alec and Jane, who were my brother and sister. Aro made us call him master, but Sulpicia said at the beginning she preferred we did not. Eleazar use to visit here frequently, for some unknown reason. He then left with Carmen, which was when I stopped wondering. I had one room, where I kept my radio, a card table, and a world map which I hadupdated every decade since the discovery of Columbus. Alec's room was right beside mine, were he kept books and chick magazines under a stone cabinet- two thingsI didn't need thanks to my numerous of female immortal friends that I used for pleasure. Jane had a room too, filled with records and clothes Sulpicia made or bought for her. I walked into my room, to see Aro and Sulpicia waiting for me. His arm was around Sulpicia as they put on the couple act when I first came in, but Aro then stood up as Sulpica gave him a disapproving glance. Sometimes on important missions, we gathered members of other covens with powerful gifts to temporally be part of the guard, but they would return to their coven and the main members that stayed were the ones created by the main leaders. Like me for example. "This is a very rare task," Aro explained, taking me by the shoulder. "That is why I must speak to you in privateabout it. This is asking a lot, so I want you to know if you choose not to do this task, then we will not hold it against you in anyway." I had a choice? This was something strange for the Volturi, especially from Aro. It had to be some mission, if I was given a choice. "That girl was interesting, wasn't she?" Aro started. "Yes," I answered. "What girl?" "The half-vampire, half-human girl," Aro answered. "Oh, her," I nodded, now knowing who he was talking about, the Cullen girl,