Pulling up the driveway of a large white washed three story house Carlisle licked his lips. It was a beautiful old house with big airy windows with quaint window boxes, neatly kept plush lawns and flower beds overflowing with flora. If anything it looked like the front cover of one of those glossy home magazines his pompous ex-wife used to have piled around. Carlisle swallowed the lump in his throat, thinking of Esme always turned his mind to… he closed his eyes, calming his shaking hands as he put the hand break on and pulled the keys from the ignition, climbing from the silver Mercedes Benz and quietly closing the door. He turned his eyes back to the house, it was just as he remembered it all those years ago. He took a deep unneeded breath. "Who would've thought I'd be back here," He sighed dragging his reluctant feet up the three white wooden steps onto the large front porch to the front door and knocking. The Crimson Mist was a private house tucked away in the Rocky Mountains, miles from anywhere it seemed a surreal sight for those unfortunate souls that happened upon it. Carlisle was not one of those unfortunate souls for he, unlike any other visitor, knew the owner. Tamesine Martin was a tall woman with blood red hair that flowed to her waist, snow white skin and ominous black eyes and like Carlisle she was born and raised in London, England in the seventeenth century. Taking her sweet time she opened the door smirking at the sheepish man standing on her door step she chuckled. "My my, who would have thought you'd have the nerve to show up here," She hummed, leaning seductively against the door frame, one hand edging up the wood and the other sliding over her red silk covered hip. "I didn't know where else to go," He croaked, eyes cast to the wooden floor of the white porch. The woman sighed dramatically, rolling her eyes in boredom. "Really you should find another opening line," She drawled dryly, "For that one is as old as we are," Stepping back she pulled the door open fully, allowing the dejected doctor to trudge past into the entrance hall. They settled in the conservatory, a glass room that stretched the back of the large house and housed a great many instruments and a plethora of comfy chairs. Stretching out on a chaise Tamesine regarded Carlisle, his usually crisp shirt was crumpled and splattered with small specs of dried blood and dirt, his black slacks were torn, black brogues scuffed beyond the hope of polishing out and his usually well-kept blond hair was strewn about wildly. He looked, to her, as he always did. Broken and hopeless. Watching him fiddle with the golden chain around his neck and the delicate ruby ring hung upon it she cast her mind back to the first time he had turned up on her door step like this. It was 1658 in the depth of winter, snow had settled over the city and a bitter wind whipped through like icy claws. She sat in her empty home of a one room shack tucked away in a dark alley. Once upon a time she had been a little girl belonging to a well to do couple who owned a bakery, she had gone to church on Sundays and played in the street with other well to do children. It was four and a half years ago now that a sickness had taken her parents from her, leaving her alone and broken. No one cared, she was the devil spawn that even sickness would not touch. Now she did the only thing she could to get money, she sold herself. The knock on her door was not a surprise this late at night and with a sickened grimace she smoothed her clothes and put on her best wanton look trying not to think about what drunken oaf was staggering in her door way. Pulling the door open she was almost horrified to find that instead of a drunken moron there was instead a tall, blond young man with heartbroken eyes. "Carlisle?" She stuttered, "What are you…" His already pale face swallowed as he looked at her in shock. "I…I must have the wrong house," He choked stumbling backwards, "I was… well…I…" His eyes searched for the words his mouth couldn't find, trailing up her body. His eyes were swollen and red, lips bordering on blue and his whole body was shivering. "Carlisle," She said carefully, "I think you should come in," He frowned, eyeing her with caution. "Tamesine I shouldn't…" He started but as a strong wind blew, knocking him almost from his feet he hurried in past her. Carlisle Cullen had only been eighteen at that time, the son of a pastor and he knew that if anyone ever discovered what he had been looking for the day he had knocked on Tamesine's door he would have been disowned. He settled himself awkwardly in a hard wooden chair as she pulled the hot kettle from the hook above the fire. "I cannot see why a man like yourself would be knocking on doors in this part of town Carlisle," She said bitterly, "Our souls are past saving," "I was looking for someone," He said numbly, not meeting her cold eyes, "A woman… Crimson," Tamesine's eyes rolled in their sockets in disbelief. "And why would you be looking for a prostitute?" She drawled, "To drag her out and beat her to make an example?" Carlisle swallowed and shook his head. Frowning deeply she passed him a hot cup of tea. "To pay for her services," He whispered, taking the cup in shaky hands. A dark, cold chuckle rippled from chest. "To pay for what? You must think me a fool if you think I will believe that you, the good little Pastor's boy, would pay for liaisons with the kin of Jezebel," She sighed with exasperation and sat in the only other chair in the room, opposite him. "I just want to forget," He choked, head dropping forward as tears trailed his cheeks. Sipping her tea slowly the contempt she felt for the man which had settled in her stomach made her feel decisively queasy. "What have you got to forget?" Her voice came out as curious. She watched his Adams apple bob as he swallowed thickly. "My mother…a demon ripped out her throat," He whispered, his horrified eyes looking up to Tamesine, "Father… Father cut off her head and burned her body before the evil could seep into her soul…I just want to forget the sound of her screaming," Tamesine had no words for Carlisle, his step mother had been the only person she knew not to think her touched by the devil. "I…I am so sorry Carlisle, she was a kind woman who did not deserve that," She whispered, her eyes settling on her cup, "You have my condolences," Carlisle let out a shaky snort, obviously her condolences meant very little to him. "I just want to forget, I had heard talk that this Crimson could make you forget anything," He stuttered, sipping his tea slowly. This moment was her cross roads moment, either she could let this broken defeated man leave and never see him again or she could make him stay and take the pain she saw in him away. "I am Crimson," Tamesine said softly putting down her mug and moving to kneel before him, "And I can make you forget," Looking up to the man now sat in her conservatory she knew they had both come a long way from being eighteen year old lost souls. "Are you going to tell me why you have come running here with your tail between your legs or am I going to have to guess?" She mused, twirling a strand of red hair around her finger. Moving his gaze from the floor for a fraction of a second she caught his hollow eyes, she knew that look, that heartbroken look of uncomprehending disbelief. "Who died?" Tamesine sighed. "My… my mate," He stuttered, "She didn't make the change," Tamesine's stomach flopped in slight sympathy. "Not everyone does Carlisle, we both know that," She whispered, pushing up to sitting. Carlisle shook his head. "I have turned four others… they all survived…I thought she would, I honestly thought she would," He choked tearless sobs shaking his body. With a small frown she thought back to the last time she had seen him, he and a young lad had arrived on her doorstep in the mist of rain. The boy was little more than a new born, wild and thirsty. He had been the first one Carlisle had changed, she knew there were more. She knew a lot more about Carlisle's life than she would ever let on. What life have you been living, she mused, in the century you pretended I did not exist? "Life is a cruel thing," She sighed, "You were lucky to make it to your fifth with no casualties… only one in three make the transition alive," Her words only made him sob harder, she rose to her feet deftly and sauntered over to kneel before him, her hands resting on his knees. "From the sounds of it you've built yourself a family Carlisle, surely they would be supportive through this hard time," She said slowly, her fingers tracing circles on his thighs. It was not that she wanted him to leave, she felt great pleasure in the knowledge that once more he had returned to her. The thing was she hated being correct when it came to Carlisle and she had told him long ago he would come back and she had known even before he pulled up the drive that he was on his way. She never had the heart to tell him how she knew, anger was something she hated to see in her only friend. Carlisle didn't look up to answer her question, simply watching her fingers on his thigh. "Tell me about your family," Tamesine breathed, her left hand reaching up to touch his face. Carlisle took a shaky unneeded breath. "I have eight children," He stuttered, "Edward… who you've met and his wife Bella and their daughter Renesmee. Rosalie and her husband Emmett…both of whom I turned. Jasper and his wife Lizzie. Alice… she was Jasper's wife when they arrived but she left. Esme… she was not my child but I turned her… we were married for almost a hundred years before she left me. That…that was when I met Ebony… she… oh god," He clutched at his shirt above his unbeating heart. Tamesine frowned, unsure as to how to handle him. Ebony, she mused, some people just never listened. She pushed the woman from her thoughts and turned her wondering attention back to the heartbroken blond before her, he truly had built himself a family. "Why have you come here Carlisle?" She whispered, "What is it that you want?" "I want to forget Tamesine," He stuttered hopelessly, "Please," Carlisle could remember the first time she made him forget, it was one if the few human memories he clung to. Tamesine had looked entirely inviting as she knelt before him in her tiny home. Her threadbare brown dress clung to her body, held in place by a burgundy corset. Her hand traced patterns up his thigh. She had just told him that the sweet girl he used to play with as a child was in fact the prostitute he had come to beg to. "And I can make you forget," She breathed, "Do you want me to make you forget?" His words caught in his throat as he watched her fingers trail up his thighs to the waist band of his trousers. He simply nodded, watching as with a smirk she unbuckled his belt and made light work of the three buttons on