Title: The Bitter Glass Series: The Bitter Glass Sequel to: Characters: Elrond/Glorfindel, Elrond/Celebrían, Erestor, Elladan, Elrohír, Arwen, Galadriel, Celeborn, Melpomaen, Lindir Rating: M Warnings: violence, AU, mentioned child abuse Beta: oli…x Disclaimer: Sadly, the only thing I own is the plot but none of the characters or places in it… they are all Tolkien's and of course I'm not earning any money with this. Summary: Time heals not every wound, but every wound needs time to heal. If only we could stop looking at the past. CHAPTER 1: Ithilion Gaze no more in the bitter glass. Beloved, gaze in thine own heart, The holy tree is growing there; From joy the holy branches start, And all the trembling flowers they bear. (Loreena McKennit, The Two Trees) Elrond looked at the solemn youth before him, thinking to himself that the quiet darkling was the night's impersonation: midnight black hair, skin as pale and shining as moonlight; his dark silver eyes glimmered like stars with an intelligence beyond his young age. Yet he was cold like a lonely winter night, his face completely devoid of emotions, a carefully attached mask that did not suit one so young in Elrond's opinion. "And you want him to be your assistant?" The older elf standing before Imladris' Lord only nodded and smiled. He was a tall elf with hazel hair and eyes that constantly seemed to sparkle with humour or mischief. Lord Dírhael was one of those elves who only needed to enter a room to brighten the mood considerably. They said him to be able to befriend any dwarf. Elrond seriously doubted that - but there was no denying, that his chief advisor was able to talk nearly anyone into nearly anything with his smile. A convincing smile of that kind was now directed towards the lord of Imladris - and he hated it. Elrond sighed. "I can´t allow that. He is obviously underage. I'm sorry." "I am far older than I look: I will reach my maturity within the decade and it is a widely accepted fact, that an elf does not undergo great steps in development in such a short time - physically and emotionally. Furthermore I enjoyed a very good education and if I might be so blunt, my skills and knowledge in humanities and science are far better than common at my age." Elrond blinked and then informed the child in front of him, that this still made him a minor, whom to employ was *illegal*. Dírhael only pursed his lips to keep himself from laughing at his lord's expression, then turned towards his charge and before Erestor could go on, he interfered softly. "Would you wait outside for a moment, please?" The youth looked up to the chief advisor, gave a curt nod and swiftly exited the room while Elrond still stared at him, one eyebrow raised in irritation. Dírhael sat down in front of his lord and friend's desk, his smile slowly fading into seriousness. "Elrond, I realize that I am asking a great favour of you, but I beg you to let Erestor stay here and unofficially help me a little bit. I don´t ask you to employ him full-time." He paused, seeking eye contact with his lord and friend. "But he cannot go back to where he hails from. I promised not to reveal the details, but his life was not a good one so far." Elrond quirked an eyebrow, letting his advisor know that he would not let him off the hook that easily. "He is from Mirkwood, and yes I am absolutely aware of the difficulties" Dírhael added, when his Lord was about to interject. "But I have friends there. Some border guards who once saved my elongated spine from getting eaten by spiders. I trust them Elrond, they are good people. Every time I visit Mirkwood, I spend at least one week with them, if they can afford it." "The same border guards, who accompanied your young friend to Imladris?" "If you knew his origins all along, why didn't you comment on it earlier?" The advisor asked in bewilderment. The Lord of Imladris smiled slyly. "I wanted to see if my trustworthy chief advisor deemed it an important enough fact to tell me." Said advisor only grumbled ill-humoured and Elrond laughed quietly. "I am impressed though. Had I not seen them entering Imladris that day, I wouldn't have noticed without you telling me. He has no accent at all." "I know ... it's a curious thing ... most of Thranduil's people do not bother to hide their accent. But it shows his good upbringing." Dírhael waited some moments. He did not want to betray the young one's trust but he needed to tell Elrond what happened. "Thalion said that his unit found Erestor in the woods. He had no food with him, not even a water flask. No weapons. Nonetheless he had successfully made his way to Mirkwood's boarders alive and unscathed and without being noticed so far. He was sleeping on a tree when they came upon him. He must have been very afraid and pleaded with them not to send him back and Thalion, being the elf he is, immediately took Erestor under his wing. And the others ... well, most of them are related in one way or another, or very close friends. So they all kind of adopted him ... They call him 'tôr' or 'rusc'." Dírhael smiled at the thought of calling the dark youngster 'fox'. "Thalion managed to make Erestor tell him his story and decided that Erestor could not stay in Mirkwood, so they brought him to me and told me what his family did to him." Dírhael halted, seemingly not inclined to reveal more details. He leaned back in his arm chair, folding his hands in his lap while encountering his lord's raised eyebrow with a calm gaze. "You know I can't let him stay with my chief advisor all day, seeing and hearing everything. There are ..." "Oh, all right." Dírhael sighed dramatically, then he continued, seeking eye contact with his lord. "His mother drowned in the Enchanted River soon after giving birth to him and since no one knew the identity of his father Erestor lived with his mother's relatives." Elrond watched his friend closely. The usual mirthful advisor leaned back in his chair, his hazel eyes so full of sadness directed towards the large windows facing Imladris beautiful gardens. Restlessly they roamed over the landscape as if he was searching something there, searching for words to describe what was too despicable to describe. He settled for telling the facts. "They abused him. His uncle and his cousins did." Elrond was perceptive enough to understand that Erestor's relatives had done more than simply beating the youth up. The way Dírhael said those words, the way he looked ... "They violated him?" In his shock Elrond raised his words, earning a glare from his advisor and immediately he lowered his voice. "I'm sorry ... They violated him? If that is true, he has to tell us their names. Such a crime cannot go unpunished! I can contact Thranduil and ..." Dírhael only shook his head. "He won't tell. I've tried to convince him. But he only told me his uncle held an important position in Thranduil's court and no one would believe him. He is terribly afraid that his uncle might find him. All Erestor wants is to stay here. And I would like to help him." "All the worse if the culprits hold important positions. Thranduil has to learn about this." Dírhael wrung his hands in frustration "You will not get him to talk." Both elves became engrossed in their own thoughts and silence settled between them. Long moments passed while Dírhael waited for his friend's decision in the matter. Elrond on the other side contemplated every possibility to ensure that Erestor's relatives got their just deserts. Finally Dírhael quietly intercepted Elrond's musing. "He is one of the most intelligent elves I've ever met. True, he is not really modest ..." A gentle, almost fond smile played on the advisors lips, earning him an amused snort from his lord. "... but he is a gentle being. Not with foreign elves, but you should have seen how he handled my horse Carnil - or how Carnil handled him, I don't really know." He chuckled. "And Erestor is truly bright and he wants to learn. He is interested in everything he sees. He is versed in history – as much as one can be who has not seen it with his own eyes! He knows the basics of how to play the harp and the flute, he has some skill in phytology and I am absolutely positive, if you just give him the chance, he will be a great diplomat and economist as well as an architect and healer." Elrond raised both hands and eyebrows to stop his chief advisor. "Oh Dírhael! He is neither one of the Maiar nor some higher being. And I have my doubts with him being a diplomat. None of his skills seem to include social abilities or courteousness." Again silence settled between the two friends. Elrond watched his advisor. Dírhael was reliable and intelligent and he would normally trust him with his children's life. But in this matter he could not stop himself from doubting his friend's opinion. If a youth like Erestor had been violated he would surely be showing signs of the Elven sickness - maybe fading signs, barely visible, but still... "Call him in; we'll see if he lies." Dírhael looked to the door. He was a little bit nervous. He didn't doubt the young one, but Erestor seemed to have the ability to offend everyone he spoke with. Though he would have liked to avoid this situation, Erestor would now have to deal with Elrond's curiosity as a healer. "Will you examine him?" Hearing the hesitation in Dírhael's voice, Elrond raised an eyebrow. He would do nothing to hurt the youth and his friend had always trusted him so far. That Dírhael didn't want Erestor to speak with him directly raised his interest further - and his mistrust. "Superficially at least. But I promise to keep his past in mind, so will you please call him in?" Dírhael stood sighing and walked to the door but as his hands reached for the doorknob, he hesitated again. "Elrond, he is admittedly not very courteous, but I hope you will not hold his directness against him." The advisor looked at Elrond, seeking eye-contact. "Sometimes, directness is a welcome change, my friend, and nothing I would hold anyone accountable for." Dírhael murmured something unintelligible and opened the door, revealing a small anteroom, where Erestor sat, totally upright with his hands folded in his lap. The young one looked up, trying to read the advisor's face. "The decision is not yet made, am I correct? Shall I come in again?" The older elf observed his charge. The young elf still seemed devoid of emotions, but his hands slightly shook, betraying his nervousness. Dírhael sighed sadly. He was sure that his charge would be allowed to stay. But he did not know if he could stay with him. "Yes, please. Come in, pen neth." Erestor looked back down to his hands and frowned as if he did not understand why they were shaking like that. Slowly he stood and with a last glance towards Dírhael, he entered Lord Elrond's study. Dírhael followed, but stayed in the background and when Erestor noticed that he would have to stand his ground alone, he swallowed and hid his shivering hands in his sleeves. Up to now it had been some kind of job interview in which he had to convince the lord of Imladris to employ him, and he had had a powerful ally with the chief advisor. Now the next minutes would decide if he was allowed to stay or send back