Rivendell, Third Age, Narbaleth 3018 The Prince of Mirkwood looked around him and would have smiled if not for the seriousness of the situation. Sitting across the large oak table from him were two titans of his kin – the Lord Glorfindel and the Lord Elrond, who had both fought alongside his Ada in times gone by. There were others that he recognized, both by face and reputation. Erestor and other Elves of Rivendell were standing behind Lord Elrond. The March Warden, Haldir of Lórien, and his brothers Orophin and Rumil, were standing to the left of Glorfindel. The Prince was flanked by his own escort from Mirkwood, sent by his Ada to shepherd him to Rivendell and this important meeting. He usually rode alone without issue, but these were dark times, and King Thranduil wanted his son to travel with a company. If it were not for the circumstances, the Prince would be genuinely happy at being in such esteemed company. "Prince Legolas," Lord Elrond began. "You do understand the situation?" "Go along with the Fellowship if you must, but under no circumstances are you to take the One Ring, even to cast it into the fires of Orodruin," Glorfindel ordered. "But my Lord," Legolas objected, the warrior's spirit in his heart rising. "Surely this cannot be a burden that we leave to the Dwarves and Men alone? These Halflings...they have already accomplished great feats in bringing the Ring to Rivendell. Is it not now time for us to play our part?" "Our part, Legolas?" Glorfindel replied calmly. "Our part has been played for thousands of years on this Middle Earth. The time of the Elves is ending. Our people shall leave these shores, without further intervention into the trials of Men, Dwarves or any of these lesser races." "But what of the alliances of the past?" Legolas asked. "They are exactly that, of the past," Glorfindel waved his hand dismissively. "We cannot defend the One Ring against both Mordor and Isengard," Elrond declared. "The fate of the Quest shall be decided by the other races of Middle Earth. It is time that we prepare to leave Arda, go to the Havens, and return to the lands of our ancestors." "Go, Legolas," Glorfindel commanded. "Go and prepare for thy journey. March Warden, return to Lórien and report to Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel." Legolas rose and bowed to his elders. He walked away frowning. "What troubles thee, Legolas?" "Nothing." "You will watch Estel for me, won't you?" "My Lady, Aragorn will never be far from thy gaze. His face will always turn back to Rivendell, his ears tuned for some sound on the wind of my Lady's voice." "Just the same, I would have the gaze of thy bow guarding his flank," Arwen smiled. Legolas smiled back. "It shall be done." "Legolas?" "Yes, my Lady?" "First, don't call me that, as I have told you many times. We have been through too much together for such formalities. I do not call my brothers by any title, and nor shall I with you. Second, this journey you undertake will be neither short nor easy. I fear you will see much death and heartbreak in thy travels. Our time is ending, Legolas. Our people are leaving. Do try and take pleasure when you can. This Age will be over, for better or for worse, far too soon, and I do not wish for you to have any regrets." "Take pleasure? I'm afraid I won't see very many Elleth throughout my journey." "That never stopped you before," she looked at him pointedly. Legolas smiled at her, a wistful expression on his face. "My father told me that the King ordered you to bring news of the escaped prisoner and return home. There was no talk of a Fellowship when you left Mirkwood?" "No," Legolas said. "I pledged my bow to Aragorn and so I will follow him. Ada will not approve, but he is not here." "Would he begrudge his son this grand adventure?" "The Battle of the Five Armies was long ago, Arwen. I think that Ada is preparing to go over sea. He probably would have passed a while ago if not…" "If not for him wanting to stay here, with you." "Something like that. Probably more to make sure I didn't burn down his forest short days after he left." "He is older and wiser than both of us, Legolas. Surely he must see that War will come to Mirkwood. Dol Goldur still stands dark and menacing on the border." "I think that Ada will defend his realm if moved to, but he will not openly wage War against the Dark Lord. His concern is only for his people, not for the realm of Men." "You will be a King one day, Legolas. A very fine one." Arwen Evenstar placed her hand on the Prince's cheek and kissed him lightly on his lips. Legolas closed his eyes as he felt her soft touch. "Do not despair at our parting, Legolas. We will see each other again if the Valar wish it. And if we do not, we have lived a beautiful life together have we not?" "We have," Legolas said quietly, allowing her to pull him into an embrace. "Though I now find it has been far too short." "Almost 3,000 years seems short to you?" she smiled as he held her. "Legolas, there is no Elf on all of Arda as sweet as you. I am grateful for our time together. Do not be sad. I wish you to be fierce and strong. You will need to be to survive thy journey. Now go. Go and protect Estel for me. And be careful, please. I have no right to ask anything of you anymore, but I wish for thy safe return all the same." Legolas kissed her on the cheek. He stepped away from her while he still had the strength to do so. He nodded reverently and took his leave, not knowing if these would be the last steps he would ever take in Rivendell, or the last time he would see Arwen. Rohan, Third Age, Ninui, 3019 The shriek of the Orc resonated through the air. The large body shuddered, then fell to the ground motionless, the shaft of the arrow stuck to its neck. Legolas grabbed the shaft from the corpse and fitted it to his bow string in one smooth motion. He had already spotted another opponent on the far side of the field as he ran. He drew his bow to his ear and loosed the arrow, not waiting to watch as it flew true to its target. The cry of another fallen Orc was all the confirmation he needed of another kill. Aragorn slashed through the tunic and chest of another Orc and grabbed a handful of arrows from the quiver hung on the back of the now unmoving body. He turned and threw the arrows towards Legolas, who had elbowed an Orc to the ground on his way across the field to his companion's position. Legolas caught three arrows in his hand and brought them to his bow string deftly. He aimed quickly and fired the trio together, the black darts flying through the air in formation. The charging Uruk-hai stumbled and fell to the ground, their own arrows wounding them. Drawing his twin blades, Legolas replaced his bow around his shoulder, jumped to the air and flipped his blades in his hands. He brought them down into the skulls of two Uruk-hai previously wounded by his bow. He carved his Elven blades across their heads before slashing through the skin and drawing them above his head once more. With a final throw, he killed the last Uruk-hai kneeling before him, his blades piercing the beast's neck and bringing him to the ground with a final thud. Gimli hefted his axe, marching purposefully up the hill. His helm was notched but intact, and he surveyed the fallen bodies. Aragorn sheathed Anduril and helped Legolas retrieve what few arrows were still intact. "These Uruk darts disgust me," Legolas spat. "If it were not for the dearth of true shafts, I would break these myself." "As it is, they may break themselves long before you may fit them to thy bow," Aragorn commented, handing a bunch of arrows to Legolas. "Night falls, and we have been delayed by this rabble of scouts. Let us move faster." The three companions resumed their desperate pursuit, the last of the Uruk-hai rearguard leagues ahead of them and now only visible in the dying light to Legolas alone. Gimli snored. He always snored when he slept. Legolas found it infuriating at first, but now he was almost more annoyed with the fact that he had gotten used to it. Gimli's growling was like the wind in the trees to him now, a natural sound that came out at night. Mithrandir slept nearby, his robes a glimmering white. Legolas could still barely believe he had found them again. "Legolas, we will be breaking camp in a few hours. Do you need to rest?" "No, thank you," he turned to Aragorn. "I should be fine at least until we reach Edoras." "Legolas, I know you saw Arwen before we left Rivendell." "Yes, she told me to take care of you for her." Aragorn smiled and shook his head at the thought. "You have fulfilled that promise many times over." "You will see her again; when you return to the throne of Gondor." "We will both see her again, mellon nin ," Aragorn smiled at him. "I would not begrudge her the company of her friends, or kin. And you are both, and so much more, to both of us." Legolas sighed before nodding to Aragorn. Aragorn became somewhat forlorn. "Now is not the time to think of such things. Gondor needs a King, yes. Whether it needs me, I do not know." "Boromir seemed to know. And he only knew you for a short time." Aragorn could only nod. "And what about you, Prince of Mirkwood? You have hardly caused any mischief or taken any pleasure throughout our entire journey. Gimli has had more maids than you, and he is but a Dwarf." Legolas smiled. "Arwen said something similar. She told me to try and enjoy myself while we were out here, as if I may not have the chance later with all the Eldar leaving for the Sea." "And what is thy excuse, for you have not had any pleasure since we left Rivendell?" "I just haven't felt…well, motivated enough I suppose. I haven't met anyone that has stirred me to pursue anything like that." "That's barely stopped you before," Aragorn said smugly and Legolas looked at him with a wry smile. "I was shocked when you did nothing to respond to the many Elleth watching you during our stay in Lórien. It was apparent that any of them would have attended to you had you asked." "I'm much older than you, Aragorn. Mindless sex is no longer something that excites me." "Be that as it may, Legolas, I have seen you after battles. The excitement and lust still courses through thy veins. When we were younger, you would find the prettiest Elleth around and conquer her in celebration." "There are no Elleth here in Rohan." "That was hardly a problem before either." "We have seen no women of sufficient worth either." "Fair enough. Just keep an open mind, Legolas. If we cannot enjoy even a brief moment of happiness in these dark times, then why are we going to all of this trouble?" Meduseld, Edoras, Rohan, Third Age, Gwaeron, 3019 They could make out Edoras on the horizon now. To Aragorn and Gimli it was but a speck rising on the hill in the distance. But to Legolas' trained eye, it was a well built and fortified capital. It was different from Minas Tirith or any of