Title: Falling in Love Sucks Author: Naty (Pichitinha) Category: Percabeth, AU, Romance, 3.610 words. Warning: Nothing, I think? Rating: PG. Chapters: One-shot. Complete: Yes. Summary: It's not like Annabeth wants to fall in love all that easily, it just… happens. And, well, it sucks . Note: So, you may read well aware that falling in love is not that only thing here that sucks =) (got it? yeah, my humor sucks too. Sorry) ANYWAY, it's AU, as in no gods AU, and it's divided in time stamps, being the last one the only one to have dialogue. I'd like to apologize in advance because Annabeth has a trait in this fanfic that in nothing resemble the original Annabeth, but I'd like you all to consider that, even though it's not written, here her parents are together, and really love her, and raised her in a perfect home, so she never needed to develop strength to protect herself. And, well, that's it. I hope you like it. =) The first time Annabeth fell in love it wasn't so much falling in love as having a crush . She was, after all, only ten. The boy was Luke and she had known him for three years by then. The main problem was that he was slightly older than her – he was seventeen. And then there was this second big problem which was the fact that he was currently dating Annabeth's best friend, Thalia, who was fifteen. Deep down, Annabeth knew that this crush only existed because Luke had always been there for her ever since he first appeared – as had Thalia – and the both of them were the only friends Annabeth had. That didn't stop her from tearing up when she saw them kissing for the first time – she was much too young to fully understand a relationship, but she had definitely seen people French kissing and that was it – and, that night, though not proud, she cried herself to sleep. The second time Annabeth fell in love it was also just a crush. It was a little over a year after Luke, she was now eleven and even though it wasn't that much time, she felt much more mature. She had just changed schools because of a financial problem and this boy – Brian – was her guide. He was thirteen, not much older than her, and was actually pretty nice considering she was new and young. He showed her the whole school and answered all of her questions, and even though she didn't want to admit, she already had a crush on him before the day ended. Her only friends were still Luke and Thalia, and meeting this nice boy made her feel that maybe she could be friends with his friends and not be so lonely anymore – when your only two friends are dating there's only so much of time together for the three of you – so she could not stop the tearing up that happened when he said bye to her when he saw his friends coming, not even bothering to present her to them. Still not proud of this, that night, she cried herself to sleep. She was now thirteen and very proud of not having fallen in love again ever since Brian. It took a lot of months for her to get over him, and she really didn't want to fall in love again because falling in love sucked . The first day of school she met this boy, Percy Jackson, and he was her age. Everything about him was totally the opposite of what Annabeth looked for in a friend, and even though her only friends were still Luke and Thalia – still together, now respectively, twenty and eighteen – she thought she could pass the chance of being friends with him, but he didn't seem to notice as he talked about something unimportant while they both arranged their lockers – side by side, the reason they met, actually. They had a lot of classes together and she ended up stuck with him all day. When it was time to go home, she realized he was actually kind of nice and it had been a while since she'd laughed so much. Making friends wasn't as bad as falling in love, she decided. She was still thirteen when she fell in love again. She was, by then, real good friends with Percy. She would go as far as to say that he was her best friend, but A, she felt bad because she knew Luke and Thalia for much longer and it didn't feel fair, and B, he had a best friend and she didn't want a best friend that didn't best friend her (deep down she knew he was her best friend no matter what she said, but she tried to shut her inner voice down). So, one day, Percy's best friends changed into their school. It was a boy and a girl and Annabeth fell in love with the boy precisely a week after he appeared. His name was Jake and apparently he was Rachel's – Percy's best friend – cousin, and he was really creative and everything she wasn't and she was really drawn to him. Percy was obviously interested in Rachel and Annabeth thought of how nice it would be if they got together and she and Jake got too and they were all friends going on double dates. It didn't take long, though, for Annabeth to realize that as fast as she fell in love with him, he fell in love with Katie, a girl two years older that was very kind and talked to everyone. For the first time in a long time Annabeth tore up at school and once again not proud, that night, she cried herself to sleep. She was now fourteen and Percy and Rachel had gotten together. So had Jake and Katie. She watched from afar as they went on double dates and she was once again the outsider. She still held some feelings for Jake, but it was now manageable, just a minor crush. She and Percy drifted a little apart since he started dating. Completely normal, she guessed. She knew that happened, she just never imagined him getting a girlfriend while she was single. But he still talked to her and he had this incredible ability of knowing when she wasn't ok, so he was a great help getting her to "unlike" Jake – even though he didn't know she liked him. She sometimes missed Luke and Thalia now they were both away in college, and she missed Percy too because he had a girlfriend, and she even missed Jake and Rachel who somehow became sort of her friends too. She felt alone again for the first time in a long while, and one particular day, after neither Luke nor Thalia answered their phones and Percy said he couldn't go to her place because he had a date with Rachel and she didn't even bother thinking about Jake, she totally knew it was coming. That night, though not proud, she cried herself to sleep. She was fifteen and Luke and Thalia were visiting. She was beyond happy as it had been so long since she last saw them. Luke was to pick her up at school as Thalia was still home with her brother – that lived in another town with her mom while she had lived with her dad, but he was now visiting -, and throughout the whole day she was almost bouncing up her feet in excitement of finally seeing them again. She had so much to tell and so much she wanted to hear, and she all but ran to the doors when the last bell rang. However, and damn her for not even being able to deny it, she was absolutely not ready for how absurdly good looking Luke would be. He'd always been dashing – one of the reasons she developed a crush on him when she was ten, she knew it – but right now, all grown-up, college student, twenty-two-year-old Luke… she was not expecting that. She tried, she really, really did try to keep that so known feeling from rising once again inside of her, but she knew, just like every other time, that it was useless. And of course, that day, Luke and Thalia announced they'd be getting married. Needless to say, even less proud than any other time, that night, she cried herself to sleep. She was now sixteen and Percy and Rachel had broken up. Something about not really working out and her possibly being in love with someone else. However the hell that was possible when you were dating Percy . Jake didn't hang around all that much anymore, and now neither did Rachel, so it was just the two of them. Percy seemed really upset about the break-up, so Annabeth invited him over to a movie night, something she'd been fond of from a very young age and still treasured as something to do only with best friends, which Percy undeniably was. The first movie had been on for no more than fifteen minutes when Percy said that he didn't want to be the heartbroken guy that mopes around, but he really didn't expect it for the first girl he ever fell in love with to fall in love with someone else, and that it sucked and he just wished he could never feel that, like her, that had never fallen in love. And more because she just wanted to let it go already than because she wanted to prove him wrong, she found herself telling about all of the times she fell in love or had a crush on guys, how every time it still hurt, how every time she'd cry herself to sleep. He listened to all of it, a little surprised, but never once he judged her or did anything other than hug and comfort her. They stood there, half hugging and half sprawled on the floor for the rest of the movie and the entire length of the next one, not talking, just taking comfort in one another. By the end of the third movie Percy was drooling on the carpet and when she looked at him she realized she could easily fall in love with a guy like him. Not five seconds after she realized she already had. And because Percy was simply the best friend she could ask for and she couldn't imagine ruining their friendship over her stupid feelings and this just wasn't fair because how many times can a person truly fall in love, she cried herself to sleep that night. She was still sixteen and it was Luke and Thalia's wedding. It wouldn't be much of a party, just a gathering for close friends, but they told her to bring a date and she asked Percy if he didn't want to go with her. He said of course with a stupid happy grin and Annabeth had to fight the butterflies in her stomach that seemed to multiply every time he even looked at her. On the day, he went to pick her up in her house – he had gotten his driver's license and she hadn't – and she couldn't believe how handsome he was in a suit. Realizing he was good-looking came a few hours after realizing she'd fallen for him. And then she just didn't know how she never saw it before, because while he wasn't Luke-handsome, he was pretty much the definition of romance novels to good-looking guys and really, how she'd never seen that? He said she was gorgeous as soon as he landed his eyes on her, travelling through all her length, and Annabeth could feel herself blushing and her heart beating faster, but settled for answering with "you too" before she could say anything she'd regret. They drove to