Alright so here is my first ever Lemon. This one really is a lemon and it took me nearly a week to get the right mind set to be able to write this. Please give flames or good reviews, heck, review even if it's just to correct spelling. I would like everyone's opinion on this though since I've never written a full lemon before. Disclaimer: I do not own anything involving Lord of the Rings but I DO own Lorarwin and the random Rohan guard Reothen. *bows* Please read and enjoy and if anyone see's Milotic350 you are welcome to take away all of her virtual cookies. She's my friend and laughed when I told her I was writing this. "This is speaking in Elvish" 'This is people's thoughts' Journey to Helms Deep Lorarwin stormed away from the men in the hall. All day they had been sitting there joking about how a woman couldn't fight. If she did then her only means of a weapon would be her body. "The fuckin sexists," Lorarwin yelled once she was clear of the entrance doors. She had slipped back into her normal speech rather than the talk of this time. Usually she could handle her temper better than this but everything that they were saying was getting on the last thread of nerves she had, "Pompous, sexist, egotistical males!" Aragorn had silently followed the young woman out of the building. Aragorn would admit only to himself that he worried for the small girl who seemed so much like him. The only difference was that while Frodo was with them, she had been around him more and the ring had an effect on her, even if she had never seen it. Looking at the now worried guards he waved them inside, a silent gesture stating that he would keep watch while they go and enjoy themselves. Aragorn usually didn't care to put himself into something that had nothing to do with himself but he had promised to try and return her to her own time. That's right, Lorarwin was of another time. Her name was Christa before she decided that she would need a name that fit in with the time period. Aragorn's friend Legolas had taken it upon himself to name her and Legolas even went as far as to adopt her as his younger sister. "Am I included in that?" Aragorn spoke quietly, leaning over her shoulder as he rested a hand on the pillar in front of her. Lorarwin shivered as she felt his warm breath make contact with the cold skin of her ears. She'd never allowed a man this close to her, not once and now there he was invading her space. Lorarwin rounded on the spot and glared at the ranger. "Aragorn of Gondor you have no right to be sneaking up on me!" Lorarwin hissed. Her nose was mere centimeters from his own, showing how he was bent over the six inches to be eye level with her. Lorarwin tried to keep her breathing under control after seeing how close he was. 'What is he on about? He's not been this, human, since I met him those months ago.' "Hmm, I didn't think it would be this easy though. You're a hard one to sneak up on and yet there you were with your mind somewhere else." Aragorn chuckled at the glare that grew at him. Taking a step back and standing to his full height, "anyway you did not answer my question, young ranger." Lorarwin looked away with a small blush on her cheeks. 'Thank god its night and the torch lights don't reach over here.' Lorarwin turned around and faced the mountains outside Rohan once more. "No, not you," Lorarwin realized what she said, the person touch to those three words. "Not you, nor Legolas, nor Gimli and the hobbits… I wouldn't think of adding anyone from the fellowship into that category. Heck even Elrond and Haldir aren't in it." Aragorn frowned, having liked her first answer better. Yes a small bit of his heart still longed for Arwin, his first love that left for the undying lands. Even before she left Aragorn couldn't and wouldn't put her through having her lover die. She, an elf, didn't even understand how he felt about his mortal immortality. This girl who stood before him though did. Though she came from another world and time altogether, she now had the same status as him. Time would hardly touch her with decay. The wind blew and her long brown locks flew over her shoulder, sending the scent of trees and strawberries wafting through the air. Her tunic and leggings flew against her skin, urging to leave the small form that they were forced to fit. Once more Aragorn walked forward to the woman and this time he placed his hands on her shoulders. "They joke because they fear what will happen when we reach Helms deep. Do not take it to heart." "I know Aragorn, but I'm done with it. They've kept me in my room since we got here yesterday and released Théoden from that spell. I felt so trapped. I need to move and stretch my limbs." It was so easy for her to talk in the common tongue with him and Legolas. Around them she didn't miss her family or friends and she was fine with talking how they did. A sudden shudder ran up Aragorn's spine when she leaned back into his warmth. She had confided to the group in Moria that she despised the cold, because it brought back memories that she didn't want to remember. Another burst of wind flee threw the air as rain began to heavily fall. Aragorn pulled back and began walking into the building, believing Lorarwin was following his. "Come, we should get you inside before you catch cold." A quiet laugh filled the landing that they stood on and Aragorn turned to watch in awe as Lorarwin start to dance in the rain. She laughed and smiled not caring about anything. Even one of her worries left her and she no longer felt the burden the ring had place upon her. For these few moments she was free. "Umm, Mi'lord," two new guards came out and stood at the entrance. As the doors swung closed you could hear the laughs and shouts of those who were drunk. Aragorn looked at the man, his head was down and a slight tint of pink rested on his cheeks. "Mi'lord may wish to get Mi'lady into her room sire." Aragorn raised an eyebrow, 'there's no reason she should be kept inside.' Turning back to watch Lorarwin dance some more Aragorn noticed why the guard suggested such a thing. The 24 year old woman was wearing a white tunic. The thin material clung to her body and showed nearly everything to the men. Aragorn took his cloak off and swung it onto Lorarwin's shoulders, covering a good portion of her but not everything. "Come on little lady. It's time to go in." Aragorn pulled her into his arms, one around her shoulders and the other under her knees. Thankfully what wasn't covered was now hidden by his larger body. Walking towards the main doors the same guard held a hand out to stop them. "It might be best to just take the lady threw the servants entrance around the corner. We have no wish to tarnish the lady or your reputation." "Aragorn nodded and did as told, taking her through the servant's entrance. Lorarwin had a room and floor to herself. Eowyn slept near the healing house so as to be closer to the wounded so there were no other noble ladies to share the area Lorarwin slept in. 'I hope she isn't lonely.' "Aragorn," Lorarwin whispered as she was put down. "Stay please? Just for a little while." Aragorn nodded his head and turned around for her to change. When he felt a small tap on his shoulder he turned back to face Lorarwin dressed now in only one of his tunics that he'd lent her earlier in their journey. A tunic much too large, "we never talk very much, would you mind telling me a story about your travels?" 'Yes,' Aragorn decided looking down into those big light blue eyes. 'Yes I do mind.' Aragorn had already been tempted a few times to just grab hold of her and never let go. The look of her though in one of his tunics crossed the line for him. "Aragorn?" Lorarwin stood onto her tippy toes and began waving a hand in front of the ranger's face. He was so still that it began to worry her. 'Oh come off it Christa. You know very well why he's just standing there like this.' Lorarwin pushed the thought away. Well she tried to push the thought away until she was suddenly pulled against Aragorn's chest. "Sorry," Aragorn muttered into her ear. Before Lorarwin could even ask what he was sorry for she felt his lips on hers. 'Fool! Let go of her before you really regret something.' Aragorn's mind told him. With regret and a lot of will power Aragorn pulled back. "Sorry," he repeated, turning his head away. "Oh screw it," Lorarwin muttered. Grabbing Aragorn's face she turned him back towards her and crushed her lips against his. 'Yeah yeah I like him. Have for awhile now. Ever since we were on our second day in Moria.' Gently Aragorn's arms wrapped around Lorarwin's small waist, pulling her closer to him. "I should… go," Aragorn stated when they separated from the kiss, only to pull her into another. Over and over again this would happen. One of them would say something but force the other back into the sweet bliss that they found. Aragorn nipped at her bottom lip. Lorarwin, these being her first kisses, gasped. Aragorn took this moment to slip his tongue into her open mouth. Lorarwin hissed in pleasure and wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him closer, if that were even possible, and tilted her head to allow for a better angle. Aragorn slide his right hand up, pulling the tunic she was wearing upwards. As his fingers caressed the skin of her back she pulled away panting, "The door, Aragorn." Aragorn leaned forward to capture her lips again but she leaned out of the way and reached behind him to close the door. Taking the chance Aragorn took the skin of her neck between his teeth. Lorarwin shivered and yelped, her fingers slipping on the latch. The bite on her neck pained her but the feel of the man's tongue on her neck cooled it down. Again he bit down on her tender skin then switched to licking the bruise that was forming. Each time that he did this her small form tensed up. After the fourth time her knees shook and she could hardly hold herself up. If it wasn't for Aragorn's arms around her she would have fallen. Leaving the latch as it was, she started to tug at Aragorn's shirt. When she finally got the thing out from inside his belt and could lift it over his head she had to pull back. This action received a slight, well growl you could say, from his lips. Lorarwin chuckled and helped him remove the cloth, tossing it to the side. Once more Aragorn captured Lorarwin's lips, exploring the confides of her mouth. Gaining a little confidence Lorarwin slipped her own tongue past Aragorn's and into his mouth. Their tongues dueled for dominance, neither relenting. 'If she's half as good with a sword as she is her tongue then I fear for any orc in her path.' Lorarwin ran a hand down Aragorn's spine and brought it to his chest. Slowly she moved upward, feeling each and every well developed muscle. Aragorn pulled away panting. Lorarwin's lips were red and her neck now had four