Chapter 1: The Man in the Woods After settling in the tent that the Weasleys had prepared for the Quidditch World Cup, Harry found that his curiosity had pecked. With a strategic glace at Ron then a knowing look in return, he had some certainty Ron felt the same. The twins automatically queued onto Ron and Harry's hints and proudly proceeded to confirm their thoughts. "Thinking up some trouble, are we?" Their unison voices enquired, Ron, taken by surprised, glared back at his brothers, "Like you're not thinking the same!" The twins briefly looked at the other smirking and muttered, "Naturally," "But imagen how mum would react…" George began, "If she found out two got lost," Fred Finished. Once again the twins the glanced at each other, this time only just holding back their laughter. "Or if you lost Harry!" They both loudly giggled, "She'd have a heart attack!" Fred mused, "How can we keep him save if you can't find him!?" George chimed with a poor representation of their mother's voice. Ron was finished with his teasing brothers, "Harry is not a sheep! If he wants to explore, then he should!" Just then Hermione interrupted them, "I should remind you all that your mother is very busy preparing for the game so anyone who risks taking a wander without her knowledge does it at their own peril," The four looked at her aware that she had stated the obvious, despite being unaware of it when plans crossed their minds. Ron stubbornly spoke up, "Well, I guess harry and I will make her aware of our trip," The twins snorted as their unspoken way of saying, good luck with that. Ron was now determined so he confidently got up and walked over to the far end of the tent where Molly was preparing some snacks for the game. "Mum," He moaned, "Yes dear?" She answered, After a deep breath he cautiously asked, "Since its Harry's first time to these sorts of things I was thinking about taking him out for a little wander, to… ah- show him around a bit," Molly straightened her posture a little and turned to look at harry with a little glint of sympathy in her eye. She took a deep sigh then turned back to her task. "Sorry but your father was a bit vague about the match's start time and I've already sent Ginny to get supplies, it would be such a hassle to round you up if you all when walk about," Was her response. Ron stumbled back to the group of teens, deterred but not yet defeated. The twins looked around knowingly, highly amused by their youngest brother's stubbornness. On the other hand, Hermione pinned down Ron with her glare knowing that if Harry and Ron left the tent, she would have to follow. Ron looked at Harry who peered back at Molly and confirmed that she was occupied enough to sneak out. They carefully made their way to the entrance of the tent then looked back at the others one last time. Hermione rolled her eyes and reluctantly made her way over to join the two. Ron peered at his brothers and mouthed, "So are you coming?" To which the twins answered, "I wonder when Ginny will get back?" basically translating to, "We can't wait to see you get told off," After a quiet huff from Ron, the three left. Hemione walked behind Ron and Harry making no hesitation when she voiced how stupid she thought they were being. Harry didn't mind her remarks, he was enjoying the thrill of exploring the campsite. There were quite a few people pacing the walkways selling snacks and sweets. Every so often they would pass a tent offering a plate of some exotic dish originating from some unheard wizarding culture. Naturally, there more than a few people proclaiming the odds for the winning quidditch team and taking in people's bets. Sometimes someone would be trying to sell off some items they no longer needed and from the looks of things, there were some fascinating objects up for sale. Ron suddenly stopped and stood ridged as a stick. His mouth gaped open while his hand thoughtlessly pointed at a pavilion partly hidden ahead. It was mostly a deep forest green shade; seemly unimportant looking if it weren't for the overwhelmingly vibrant, geometric embroidery which resembled some sort of swampy jungle landscape. Hermione stepped forward grinning excitedly and Harry simply looked at the tent slightly confused about the fuss. "Oh- god!" Ron finally managed to voice, "What? I don't get it? Is it some famous quidditch team's tent?" Harry asked, Hermione seized her opportunity to show off her vast knowledge, "No, the embroidery on the pavilion is only found in one culture, no wizards know how to replicate it," She began to explain, "See, I was reading a book about objects and creatures that defy the magical laws and there was a brief page about them…" Harry cut her off, "About what?" Ron continued to nervously eye the tent and only stated, "Monsters," Hermione rolled her eyes, "That's very melodramatic Ron, the book was very certain that those creatures are highly intelligent; even said that wizards struggle to study them because they always study wizards," "Rubbish," Ron spat out, Harry, still confused, tried to clarify what they were saying, "Okay but what actually are they?" "Kyoutoton," Hermione calmly answered, "At least that's what they called themselves, wizards and muggles have trouble comprehending them," Ron suddenly broke eye contact with the tent, "Look I don't what that book said, they are dangerous things; basically, eat anything that has flesh including themselves," "The book may have mentioned their cannibalistic tendencies," Hermione admitted, Harry was now more curious about the creatures, "What about them is so bad? If they're intelligent you could probably talk your way out of a bad situation," Hermione excitement perked once again provoking a whiny explanation from Ron, "Look here, those things are bad and I mean bad ; all over the world they take young wizards and muggles alike and then drag them back to where ever they come from, never to be seen again," He took a deep breath before justifying his feelings, "I'd know, every so often they'd sent us dolls of Fred and George but the dolls would merged together in some way, utterly creepy; Dad said it had something to do with Gemini Magic which he described as the most selfish of dark magic," Understanding the seriousness in Ron's tone, Harry let him be and turned to Hermione to ask his final question, "Then what about them makes them defy the Magical Laws?" "The book didn't bother to explain," Hermione disappointingly admitted "Well, why don't we take a closer look?" Harry suggested, fully aware that Ron would be against the idea, he also added, "The creature is probably busy preparing to study the game, that's most likely the reason it's even here," Hermione sheepishly confessed her desire to investigate, "The book said it's extremely rare to meet one so it would be a missed opportunity to not even try," Feeling that he was out numbered, Ron briefly considered leaving the two and going elsewhere. Then a mental image of his mother yelling at him for losing the two while Fred and George laughed in the background came into his mind and he quickly dismissed the idea. "Fine," Ron said, "I'll come," Hermione was enthralled while Harry was excited by the idea of adventure, leaving Ron to wonder if leaving their tent was a clever idea at all. Currently standing about five feet from the pavilion's entrance, the three stared at the tent taken completely by surprise. If the sign from outside was correct, then the owner was current clearing out some unwanted items making the pavilion more of a pop-up shop. However, as the sign directed them inside the pavilion, the three felt suspicious towards the honestly of the pavilion's owner. Harry relaxed himself and said, "Well, it's rare to meet one of these creatures so why not have a chat? Besides we've got our wands, we should be fine," Hermione recognised the opportunity before her, "Well, I could ask some questions that the book couldn't answer," She glanced hopefully at Ron, "And maybe Ron could find out why his brothers were given those strange dolls," Ron stiffened but Harry ignored him and proceeded to enter. Hermione promptly followed while Ron nervously staggered behind only to keep up with the two if trouble came. Once inside they were greeted with a slightly humorous spectacle. Within the vast auditorium space, they found none other than Lucius Malfoy conversing with what Harry assumed was a very slender woman who had an accent thick as tar. "Perhaps reconsider, I would even suggest an opinion that…" Lucius was curtly cut off when the woman raised her hand, "Chus Ruthcisus, elm uwell aware ob chuuor disyire," Was her response, Ron leaned over to harry and whispered, "Do you have any idea what she said?" "Not the faintest," Harry confessed, Suddenly the woman turned to the three and welcomed them. Harry finally got a good look at her and slowly realised she was nothing like a woman or a human. Their proportions were just off but in minuscule ways. Their neck was just a bit too long and their head could swivel around like an owl's. As it stood next to Lucius he realised that the top Lucius's head sat about an inch below the creature's shoulder. Harry also had trouble with its eyes like his mind refused him to see them, as if nothing was even there. He was sure it had eyes because he could feel them look at him. "Purlese! Have uh rook ireround," It warmly told them, Hermione was first to move, interpreting the creature's remark as an invitation see what it was selling, Harry and Ron simply followed her lead. Most of the items on offer were things that the three had no idea what they were even for, including Hermione, they just looked like shiny brass trinkets that Dumbledore would have stored in his office. Ron surveyed the room then muttered so only harry could hear, "You know, I was so distracted by the thing that I completely ignored how strange Draco's dad looks," Wondering what Ron was talking about he quickly peered over his shoulder and noted that Lucius wasn't wearing his usual get up. He was surprisingly sporting a gryffindor red ensemble including a draping silk robe with pleats that fell from his waist like a burgundy stream, Stiff black dress pants, a waistcoat better described as a corset considering how close it was tailored to him and the most ruffled shirt he had ever seen. His hair was no less extravagant consisting of thin braids, ringlet curls, gemstone pins and a velvet bow resulting in an over complicated looking pony tail. Briefly harry pondered the number of charms Lucius would had needed to sustain to whole look, too many was his conclusion. Harry drew his attention back to Ron, "You're right, I hadn't even noticed, he sure went all out," Ron raised his eye brows and grinned, "Do you think Fred and George will believe us when we tell them," Harry smiled back at Ron, "Even if they don't they'll still laugh at the idea," Suddenly Hermione had enthusiastically called out causing them to rush to her direction. She stood next to a large glittering fire coloured bird perched on a marble stand. Harry assumed it was a phoenix but the bird looked nothing like Fawlks, it held better resemblance to a peacock but on a much larger scale and more elegant ruffled tail feathers. Hermione's calls also drew the attention of Lucius and the creature as they too joined to see what the excitement was about. The Creature proudly looked up to their bird and fed it some sort of nut. Lucius stared in awe and