Untitled Harry Potter/Bloodborne Summary : Rhode Potter - a child cursed due to her family's ignorance - wakes in a town lit with the light of the ominous moon. Found on the streets, and raised as a warrior/survivor, she joined the Good Hunter in his fights. Then... she returns to her family... but not with her consent... WBWL Fem!Harry Pairings : Eventual Male Hunter/Fem!Harry, Viola/Gascoigne, maybe some crushes/lusts/desires and one-sided pairings Warnings : blood; gore; death; paganistic rituals; its Bloodborne, what do you expect? Rating : T? Maybe M? The ones with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will mark them as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... but if she is lost, the Raven will die… Fear the old blood and the all-seeing eyes… the one with the power to vanquish all will be born as the seventh month dies... Potter Manor, a grand, magnificent beauty of a building, was serene. One could even say tranquil when asked. The magic folk who journeyed past the manor would believe that the inhabitants were joyful, but also in mourning. After all, their son had defeated the Greatest Dark Lord of the Century! He was the Boy-Who-Lived! However, his triumph was at the cost of their family friends – a muggleborn woman with the name 'Rose Watson', and her long-term partner whose name no-one cared enough to remember. Yes, that must be the reason why they detected a mildly unpleasant, foreboding aura from the Manor. Yes, that must be why… They couldn't have been so wrong. After Voldemort's fall, James and Lily Potter were horrified for the state and well-being of the children. After the event, both children were found to be inflicted with a scar. The eldest – Ahiram – had two lines of flesh torn from his right cheek, resulting in a slightly thick red-brown wound in the shape of a 'V'. His twin – Rhododendron, or Rhode for short – had thin, faint incisions near the centre of her forehead, making the shape of a crude lightning bolt. Upon the inspection from the Leader of the Light, Albus Dumbledore, it was found that Ahiram was cloaked in Death Magic and Protection Magic, especially around his scar, and directed towards his sister. And thus, Ahiram was revered as the Saviour of the Wizarding World, while Rhode was forgotten in the shadows. Now, this didn't mean that she was neglected! Actually, one of her most treasured possessions was a necklace fashioned by her mother: a fairly simple accessory fashioned with a piece of Jade (1) in the shape of a tear drop, coupled with two circular beads on either side, one of Bloodstone (2) , and the other of Goldstone (3) , all on a magically protected, metal chain composed of Silver (4) . In the centre of the Jade teardrop, there was a circular section composed of a blue gem: Lapis Lazuli. (5) Nevertheless, young Rhode was, in fact, thankful to be in the shadows. Her parents still cared for her, while her brother reveled in the limelight given by the Wizarding public. Rhode, however, was more than content to watch as her brother's naivety led to the vultures in human skin exploiting his natural generosity. But, it seems that her happiness was not to last, as another visit from Dumbledore – on the eve of her sixth birthday - led to her life changing once more. The elder has inspected the twins, for reasons known to no-one but him. But what was found cursed the youngest child in ways no-one could predict. Ahiram's magic was dying, dwindling like a single candle in a storm. Rhode's, however, was bright and pulsing through her body, not unlike an electric current. That revelation caused fear to cling to her hearts of her parents. They were fearful of how their reputation would change upon learning that the Boy-Who-Lived is a squib, and they were fearful of how the Wizarding World would ridicule and abuse their children. And they were afraid for who this would affect their daughter once the attention of the public was drawn towards her. So the adults plotted. Together, with the godparents of their children – Sirius Black, Andromeda Tonks, Alice Longbottom, and Remus Lupin – they searched endlessly for a solution. Until they found one. A forgotten tome lay dormant in the deep recesses of the Black library, gathering dust. The title carved into the worn leather stained a dark red and brown was indistinguishable, though the contents were able to be read with a hefty amount of charms and spellwork. On the final pages of the book, their only solution was located. It detailed an ancient ritual, the purpose was – from what they could decipher– to call upon one of the ancient Gods, to use their power to tear the magic from one host and transfer it to the other. From what they could tell, the tome was written tens of thousands of years ago, and the spells and rituals called upon the pantheon which they heralded. At least, that's what they hoped, but no further research would unveil any more answers to their endless questions. Once they learned all they could, they began to prepare. Lily and Andromeda, both skilled in the art of runes and charms, carved the needed characters and symbols into two slabs of gemstones. One was Moonstone (6) , and the other was made of pure Azurite (7) before they were layered on top of each other and placed so the longest side was facing North. Two circular slabs of Obsidian (8) lay on West and East edge, with a long array of runes inscribed on the edges by the two women. Remus mainly analysed the ancient tome alongside Alice, breaking the inscriptions apart and putting them back together in an understandable format and tongue. Sirius and James collected all of the obscure materials needed for the ritual, including the gemstone slabs. Admittedly, it cost a hefty sum of galleons, but the wealth of the Black and Potter families and their vaults covered their expenses neatly. Amongst the stones, there was a pillar of Lapis Lazuli in the centre of the stones, with a bowl of clear liquid – they had no idea what the liquid was meant to be, Sirius discovered it in the hidden corners of a shop owned by an Italian merchant, and a piece of Clear Quartz (9) manipulated and carved to resemble a crude dagger. All six of them represented an element in the ritual, said to keep the ritual grounded and to ensure a safe communion. This also meant that they were not allowed to move. James was Earth, Sirius was Air, Lily was Fire, and Alice was Water, while Andromeda was Spirit. The Head of the ritual and the only person who could move was to be representative of the Moon, so Remus took its place. They all had a black shawl covering their heads. So, on the All Hallow's Eve, when the gate between the living and dead was the thinnest, they began. Remus was stood behind the bowl, and the Five Elements stood equidistant apart, encompassing the area. However, Air stood behind the Eastern Gemstone, while Water stood behind the Western one. All they had to do was wait with heavy hearts, for the moon to rest above their heads. And thus, as the sun descended, and the full moon, glistening with an ethereal beauty in the starless, midnight blue sky, began its slow climb upwards. The time was now. A groggy Rhode was seated on the western stone, while an ignorant Ahiram sat on the east. With muttered words of assurance, promises, and apologies, Remus took the forearms of both the children, and placed them above the bowl, facing upwards. " Zi Dingir Anna Kanpa! Ati Me Peta Babka." [Spirit God of the Moon, Remember! Gatekeeper, open your Gate for me.] Remus intoned, before slicing a line in each wrist. The blood dripped down into the clear liquid, corrupting it with its deep colour and greater viscosity. The cries were ignored. He then pushed the forearms into the liquid, making the cries and pleads increase as the pain strengthened from the acidic burning caused by the unfamiliar liquid. Remus had to swallow the pain and fear, before soldiering on. He was unable to see the others now, as a fearful, oppressive force kept their mouths shut and bodies immobile. Keeping the arms beneath the now pale red liquid, he continued. "Ni Amaru Nanna Ma Shu Rakbu Na Mudutu Ma Tiit. Ni Amaru Nanna Ma Shu Rakbu Na Sha Amelserru Salamu. Ni Amaru Nanna Ma Shu Rakbu Ina Zumru Ma Uri." [I see the God of the Moon and his Messenger for Knowledge and Life. I see the God of the Moon and his Messenger for her Child to be safe. I see the God of the Moon and his Messenger through Body and Blood.] The children's cries morphed into screams as the liquid began to bubble and thicken. The wind raged around them, running around their bodies, lifting their hair and ruffling their clothing. The gems began to glow with a menacing glare. No-one noticed Rhode's necklace glowing at the same time. " Ni Amaru Nanna Ma Shu Rakbu Epesu Ina Anna Ma Shurpu Ina Badur ." [I see the God of the Moon and his Messenger to treat the Air and Purify the Water by Fire.] The werewolf growled, his heart and mind was beginning to rebel against harming the children. Remus pushed his wolf away. 'This would help them. This would help us.' He thought. But he had no time to deliberate, for when he removed the sore, reddened arms, the contaminated liquid burst into flames. Seconds later, the flames were snuffed with a pitiful gasp, leaving a sticky, pinkish-red substance. Remus, per the ritual instructions, pressed two of his fingers inside it and smeared a crescent moon on the foreheads of Rhode and Ahiram. The crescent moon on Rhode was pointing upwards to the heavens, while Ahiram's was directed downwards. As soon as the sticky material was left on their bare skin, the two slumped backward, landing roughly in the centre of their designated slabs. " Ni Amaru Badur Ana SimTim Alaku, Ma Alaku Ina Shiimti, Ina Ana Harrani Sa Alaktasa La Tarat. Eli Baltuti Ima''Idu Mituti. Kima Parsi Labiruti. Zi Dingir Anna Kanpa, Ma Panu Sakanu ." [I see the Water to go one's fate, and go through the House Where the Wind of Life is Breathed In, on the Road Whose Course Does Not Turn Back. The Dead Will Be More Numerous Than The Living. Treat Her in Accordance with the Ancient Rites. Spirit God of the Moon, Remember, and Proceed.] Remus intoned, the final rites leaving his lips. And thus, light filled the room. But nothing shone brighter than Rhode's silhouette. Her outline glowed a beautiful turquoise before the colour seemed to pull away from her towards her brother. Together, the fearful, apprehensive spectators watched as the blue-green morphed into a vibrant indigo as the colour swarmed Ahiram, leaving Rhode in the shadows once more as Ahiram reveled in the light. Slowly, the brightness died down, leaving the two children unconscious on the gemstone slabs. The crescent on the heads of the children shimmered a burning red, as static danced around the pair. Suddenly, the blue pillar burst into pieces, revealing a shadowed humanoid figure glittering in silver-y light. He took a few steps towards the young girl collapsed on Sodalite slab. He pressed two fingers against her forehead, causing the crescent to bubble and spread into a strange shape. The ends of the crescent flicked off slightly at the ends of