Here it's Safe, Here it's Warm (~ PiP ~ Peeta's Paint Box ~ Day 3 ~ Yellow ~) "Do you want me to push you?" he asks her, though he knows it will only make her scowl. She glares at him and pushes her lips together into a pout, "No, I can do it." The girl is barely tall enough to reach, but the little boy watches as she stands in front of the swing and reaches as high as she can on the chains before she pulls herself up to sit on the black rubber seat. Green tulle puffs out behind her as her pink rain boots dangle without touching the ground. Her legs begin bending in and out, causing the swing lurch awkwardly at first, then rock back and forth slowly, making her braids sway in the breeze too. "You swing too, Peety." He blinks once, coming back to himself and quickly grabs the seat next to her. He is tall enough to get the swing started by pushing back off the ground. Soon they are flying through the wind together. "Look Peety," she squeals as she lets go of the chains, gliding through the air to land easily on her feet. She begins running before the little boy knows what is going on. "What is it? Kit Kat wait," he chases after her as she runs toward the lake. Even when he runs as fast as he can, she is always just a little faster. Just when he thinks she is going to run into the water, she stops near the edge and stares at the ground. It isn't until the boy finally reaches her that he can see what she is looking at. An egg. It looks perfectly white, lying in the emerald grass by the lake. "Wow!" he exclaims gazing at the big egg. "Can we pick it up? Where's its mama?" The kids look around the lake, but the ducks are far off on the other side. Suddenly he looks so upset. The boy sets his mouth in a hard line then and lets out and angry huff before he says curtly, "She left it, she didn't want it." The girl looks at her friend with worry and then back at the egg, "I'll take care of it," she tells him before she reaches down to pick it up. His eyes watch only her as she cradles the abandoned egg in both hands against her black leotard. "Oh Peeta, Katniss, what are you doing down there?" The kids look back up the hill to see the boy's aunt coming toward them, with his cousin following close behind. The woman carefully making her way down the grassy slope wore a black leotard similar to the little girl's, but had on neon pink sweat pants instead of her dance skirt. Peeta's aunt Chiffon taught the pre-school ballet and tap class that the kids were in together. Katniss's mom signed her up so she could " try something new." Peeta got pulled in because his cousin didn't want to be the only boy in the class. "What did you find Kitty Kat?" the boy with strawberry blond hair says when he reaches them first. "Finn, I told you not to call me that. I hate cats." Katniss glowers at him as he smiles. "Fine, Kat-n-issssss," he pronounces her name teasingly. "Would you please tell me what you have found?" She hesitates, unsure whether to show him, but when she looks at Peeta he nods to encourage her. Slowly, she turns and leans her hands out so that Finn can see the egg. "Cool, an egg! Are you going to throw it? I bet I could throw it to the middle of the lake. Let me see it," he says as he reaches his hands out to Katniss. "Noooooooo!" she screams, turning away as Peeta steps between them. "Leave her alone Finn!" the blond boy shouts at his cousin, stretching his arms wide to protect his friend. "Hey, hey what's going on boys?" Chiffon puts one hand on each of the boys and looks down nervously at Katniss, who has started to cry. "Aunt Chiffon, Finn tried to take Kit Kat's egg! It's hers, she found it and she wants to keep it safe, and Finn wants to throw it in the lake! And I'm not going to let him get it! It's her egg!" "Okay, Peeta, okay, just hold on a minute. Katniss, honey, come here, alright?" The woman holds her hand out to the little girl slowly, trying not to startle her. Katniss looks up at her, big gray eyes shining with tears. "Let's go sit on that bench, okay?" The little girl nods and timidly follows her teacher. The boys walk over too so they can hear what Chiffon will say. "Can I see?" Katniss nods again and then very gently opens her hands. "Oh, it is an egg, and you saw it down here all the way from the playground, wow. You have great eyes Katniss." The little girl gives her a small smile, which causes Peeta to beam at her and Finnick to huff in annoyance. "So, what do you want to do with this egg?" "I-I want ta keep it safe," she says, her breath still catching from being upset. "Of course, of course. Was it just laying here by the lake?" Katniss nods her head 'yes' then leans up to whisper (a very loud whisper) into her teacher's ear, "Peety was sad cuz the mama left it here, and I don't want him to be sad." Chiffon's eyes dart over to her nephew as he gives her a sheepish smile and looks down at his shoes. Now she understands, this egg was left by its mother. Katniss wants to protect her friend by caring for the egg. " What could we do?" she thinks. "Mom, I'm hungry," Finn whines, reminding her that she is as well. "Well kiddos, how about this? Lets go have our little picnic lunch, and I will think about what we can do with this egg to keep it safe." The kids agree and Finn runs up the hill ahead of them all, while Peeta and Katniss, the latter still clutching the egg, hike up the hill more slowly with Chiffon. The group eats their lunch after Chiffon fashions a little nest out of her coat for the egg and finally convinces Katniss that it will be safe. Just when she is chewing the last bite of her sandwich, she shouts, "I've got it!" making all three kids jump. "What?" Peeta asks. "Who lives close by and knows a lot about eggs?" She asks the kids. "The guy with the big hat at Waffle House," Finn guesses. His mom just shakes her head. "Oh, oh, that weird guy at the grocery store!" "No, Finn. Peeta who do you think we could talk to that probably knows exactly how to keep a duck egg safe?" Chiffon looks at him encouragingly. Katniss watches him, waiting for the answer. Finally, a flash of recognition shines in his eyes, but as quickly as it appeared, it is gone again. "Peeta? Did you think of who can help Katniss with her egg?" "Yeah," he says flatly. "Who? Peety, tell me," Katniss pleads. He looks at her and then down at the egg, before he answers with little enthusiasm, "my Uncle Haymitch, but I don't think he likes me very much." Chiffon pats his knee and says, "Don't worry too much about it kiddo, I don't think people in general are his sort of thing." "I'm sorry Abernathy, are you ready for me to call my Pop?" Chaff asks. "I think we're gonna have to get another machine out here." "Even if we call, you know he'll take his time getting here. Let me get a few more branches under there and try again." Haymitch needed this done now. All the rain from last night turned the field into a massive mud pit, but the sunflower seed should have been in the ground last week. For the last 3 years, their sunflower festival on Fourth of July weekend had been a great success, bringing in more people every year. They sold more in one weekend than during the whole rest of the year combined. The planting couldn't wait any longer, but just as soon as Chaff got the tractor into the middle of the field, it was stuck. The two men had been working at it for several hours and hadn't moved the tractor an inch. "Haymitch, Chaff, your lunch is ready. Come take a break," Chaff's wife, Courtland, yells from the house. Haymitch was about to tell her they would be in soon, but Chaff is already heading for the house. He curses the older man under his breath, though he knows they both need a break. "One more try," he thinks, but just then he hears the sound of tires on the gravel driveway. As he looks up, there is a pink Volkswagen Beetle parking near the house. "What the…?" he says, but just then he sees a redhead wearing neon pink pants with a tight black top getting out of the car with three kids. A smile crosses his face, but he clears his throat and hastily schools his features before the group can see him. "Freckles, is that you?" he shouts. Chiffon waves as he walks up from the field. "Are you selling those dance classes of yours door to door now?" he asks, and then laughs at his own joke. "Goodness Haymitch, I would hug you, but I think I better not. Did you fall in with the pigs?" The man is so covered in mud that the children are looking at him like he is from another planet. "Oh, I sleep with the pigs now, didn't you know? I just prop my head up on Porky and my feet up on Petunia, and all three of us sleep nice and cozy in the soft warm mud. It's not too bad, unless they get hungry." Chiffon heard this joke before, so she just plays along. "Really Haymitch? Oh dear. What happens if they get hungry?" The kids are completely drawn into the story at this point, almost leaning in to hear every word. "Well, the other night Chaff forgot to feed them dinner, and when I woke up this morning something was missing." Haymitch quickly throws out both of his arms, and the three children scream. His right hand waves at them, but on the left he had pulled his hand inside the sleeve, so it looks like the hand is gone. Hamilton, Haymitch's dad, used to play that trick on Chiffon and her brother, Miche, when they were little. Their fathers were as close as brothers growing up, and Hamilton became their honorary uncle. Both families were devastated after the accident that killed Hamilton and his youngest son. Seeing Haymitch now gives Chiffon hope that a piece of that time lives on. She couldn't be happier to see the boys and Katniss falling for the same trick. Once the kids stop screaming, he pushes his hand back out and then waves it around. "I knew that he was making that up," Finnick says quickly. Peeta presses his lips together in a hard line, while Katniss scowls at him and narrows her eyes, mad that he tricked her. "Can't fool you, can I Finn? Gimme five." Finnick lifts his hand as high as he can in the air, before bringing it down and making a loud slap as it hits the man's regenerated hand. Then he turns to Peeta. "Hey there boy, who is your pretty girlfriend here?" Peeta's cheeks turn bright red with embarrassment, but Haymitch bends down to talk to the little girl anyway. "What's your name little miss?" "I'm Katniss Soleil Everdeen, and that wasn't funny," she tells the man flatly. Haymitch lets out a