Thank you for checking out my story. In THG the main theme is that the people that come before us and their actions play a big part in where we find ourselves in our own life. What we believe or what we are told changes our point of view and how we react. I believe the love story starts with Katniss's mom and Peeta's dad. That is where this story begins, and after that all the other characters fall into place. All THG characters will play a part in this story, plus some of my own. I do not own The Hunger Games Trilogy or it's characters, but they are fun to play with. The Soul Waits " Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is wing'd Cupid painted blind." ~ A Midsummer Night's Dream ~William Shakespeare Chapter 1 ~ April 1983 To my Minnie Muffin, I'm here in English class, wow this is boring! We are watching A Mid Summer Night's Dream for the 2 nd day after reading it in class for 3 days. What a confusing love story this is. Mrs. Sinclair left us with a sub and took off early for her spring break vacation. Half the class is asleep, including Harvey, and Retta wasted no time tying his shoe laces together. She is always trying to prove that she's the smarter twin. He is going to be so pissed when he falls on his face. Dad gave me Wednesday and Thursday off, so I am all set for the camping trip. Pocahontas Park will be awesome! I know that Miller, Oak, Thomas, Harvey and Retta are coming. Are you riding with Ember and the other girls or do you want me to pick you up? We can set up our tent right by the lake. It will be a little cold to swim, but I know at least one of my idiot friends will get in anyway. Miller may burn down the forest with the bonfire he has planned. It will be a great day with everybody there, and then we'll have the whole night together. No little sisters, no waking at the crack of dawn to go to work, no worries: just us. Can you believe in less than 2 months we will be graduating? I am so proud of you for being accepted into the nursing program at VCU. I knew all your hard work would pay off! You will be a wonderful nurse. After graduation, Dad says he will trade hours with me at the bakery, so that I am working full time and he will take the part time shift. He can't wait to sleep in every morning and I am so excited to start running the bakery! It means a lot to have earned his trust and have this chance. I can start saving up for the wedding; I want you to have everything you have dreamed of. I can even help you with money for books so you have more time to study. Have you decided whether you will keep working at the hospital during the summer? I hope you get to travel some with your friends before school starts like you wanted. You have been working so much and you deserve a break. Jasmine, I can't stop thinking about how your blue eyes sparkled in the moonlight last Saturday night. The way your lips feel on mine takes me to another world. Sometimes when I'm working, I start to daydream and completely forget what I am doing. I burned myself 3 times yesterday remembering the taste of your creamy skin on my tongue, the feel of your hips moving in my hands, and the sounds that you make just for me. Everyday I wake with you on my mind. I dream of marring you, of our children playing together, of lying beside you every night and waking with you every morning. I want to hold you in my arms and keep you safe forever. You make me feel like the luckiest man on earth every time you smile. In my heart you are already my beautiful wife. I love you always, your M&M I refold the note that Miche passed me as we changed classes and push it into my satchel. As I lift my hand back to rest on the desk, the rings catch the light. On my thumb is his large class ring with "HOPEWELL HIGH" printed around the blue stone. The ring might as well have my name on it, Miche has never worn it. We traded rings the day they arrived. He wears mine on a gold chain tucked safely inside his shirt, and after I wrapped yarn around the back of the band so it wouldn't slip off, his ring has never been absent from my left thumb. The other ring is newer and smaller, but its weight seems to grow by the day. The braided gold band reminds me of the Zopf bread that is popular at the bakery, so that just looking at the ring tells you that I will marry the baker's son. A round cut diamond is set in the middle with three smaller diamonds on each side. It is charming and now fits securely on my left ring finger tying me to Miche Mellark for the rest of my life. How can such a sweet token of his love scare me to death? My world tilted on Valentine's Day, and I've felt off balance ever since. I was blindsided! I had been so stressed filling out and sending off college applications, working hard to keep up my grades, and working at lease 15 hours a week at John Randolph Medical Center as a candy striper. I was doing all of this with the hope that it would be enough to get into the nursing program at my first choice school, Virginia Commonwealth University. Miche had chosen a beautiful old restaurant in downtown Richmond called The Tobacco Company. The four story building had a wonderfully classic look, with exposed brick inside and out. It was open in the center courtyard so that you could see every level. Shining chandeliers and plants with vines growing anywhere they like hung all around us. A band strummed in the background while the singer's voice flowed about us like a stream. It was simply perfect for a romantic dinner. The food was some of the best I have ever had. We laughed and talked through dinner, as relaxed and easy as we've always been. I should have seen it coming, but I was in complete shock when the waiter brought out the tiny wedding cake with a ring, my ring, sitting perfectly on top. Instantly I recognized his handy work - he must have made special arrangements with the chef, because a vine of his sugary jasmine flowers grew around the little cake. He could make my perfect flowers in his sleep by then, because he knew how I adored them. Then came his beautiful words. Jasmine Diana Stabler, the first time I saw you, I knew I was a goner. Then, I tried to work up the nerve to talk to you. You were so breathtakingly lovely that it took me a year to work up the courage. Holding you for the first time as we danced at homecoming, I knew I wanted to hold you forever. You have filled my life with meaning. My heart knows only your name. I will love you with all that I am for as long as I live. Please say that you will be my wife. He had tears in his smoky blue eyes and everyone in the restaurant was watching me, waiting on my answer. When I wrapped my arms around his neck and nodded, whispering "yes" in his ear, he lifted me into his arms and spun us around and everyone cheered. He is the kindest, most caring man I have ever known, and I love him dearly. It should be an easy decision. I shouldn't be this terrified, but I am. We have been together for 2 ½ years, he is the only boy I have ever loved, the only boyfriend I have ever had, and the only man I have ever slept with. Since he put that ring on my finger, it feels like my life is closing in on me, all of my freedom, all of my choices flying away like dandelion seeds in the wind. I can't eat or sleep. I have been snapping at people, even my sweet Miche, for seemingly no reason at all. It's all just happening so fast. We haven't even set a date for the wedding, and already I feel like a caged bird. I used to dream of fancy cars and big houses, traveling to far off places, jewels and fine clothes to wear to parties with the rich and famous. But soon I will be the baker's wife, in this small town. We will both have to work to afford a life together. I will love working as a nurse, until we have children, and then what? Will I be a mom, with my hair thrown into never-ending ponytails, wearing sweats and driving a station wagon with wooden panels down the side? Living on day-old bread; cook, clean, grocery shop, sleep, wake, repeat. What decisions are still mine? I'm only 17 years old and my whole life has been decided! *WAP!* A paper ball to the head wakes me from my panicked thoughts. I look around, but can't tell who threw it; probably one of the boys. This is the third class I have watched a movie in today. The most exciting thing that has happened all day was when the film broke, and the projector started going crazy. Our teacher had no idea how to fix it and had to call Beetee Gates, a super smart AV nerd from the class next door, to get it going. Which was pointless, since no one is watching the 20 year old film anyway. Going to school the day before spring break is a waste of time. Teachers and students alike couldn't care less about being here. Maura and Bristol are braiding each others' hair. At least four kids are asleep. Ember is making out with her new boy toy, Oak (I think). She just broke up with the soccer team captain, Dutch, last week. And all I can do is sit here, spaced-out, panicking about my pitifully boring life. I just thought someday I would go, I don't know, somewhere . This summer feels like my last chance. I just need to be on my own a bit without my parents or Miche taking care of me. To stand on my own two feet, maybe make a few mistakes. I've always been so safe and careful; I never smoke or get drunk. I live in a cage made of rules. For once I want to do something completely stupid and fix the problems I find, or create, on my own. I want to prove that I am not just some helpless little girl. Maybe I could go stay with my sister Effie in New York for a little while this summer. There are plenty of mistakes to be made in New York City, right? She does the hair and make-up at some fancy theater on Broadway. The way she talks about everything there, it sounds incredible. It wouldn't matter what I get to see, all of it would be more exciting than Hopewell, Virginia. I don't think I could stand to stay with her for more than a week, she's my big sister and I love her, but that girl could drive anyone crazy. After graduation I can finally relax. Going to a spa or the beach for a week or two could be the perfect thing. A trip with the girls would be brilliant! We could do