A/N My winning Teitho entry for the March theme Life and Death :) please enjoy and feel free to leave a review below :) as always concrit is appreciated :) We search the battlefield for the wounded, for those who can still be saved. It is a momentous task, and one that will take us many days. And in that time some who may have lived will die. Die from cold, hunger, thirst, blood loss. Die from something that could be so easily prevented if it were not for the sheer bulk of enemy dead, the lack of those still able-bodied enough to carry the wounded, of room in the Houses of Healing. The dead and the dying far outnumber the living; those able to dig through the corpses, to carry the wounded across the plain back to the broken city. Each morning I rise, wishing for the nightmare to end, craving one day, just one day to wander through the tatters of people's lives, to mourn those who were lost. One day where I do not have to comb through the corpses of friends and comrades, from dawn until dusk. One day away from the swirling maelstrom of memories, of pain and fear. I sometimes think the wounded are the lucky ones, for they do not have to relive this hell day after day. They do not have the temptation of freedom, of just riding home to Rohan. I cannot pretend my home is unravaged by war, but it has not been destroyed by it. Not like this. There are still places untouched, untainted, where the grass still waves in the wind on the rolling plains, where the wild herds still run. The longing, the call of home reverberates in every fibre of my being. I long to heed it, to return to my small cottage on the plains, to the fire crackling in the hearth, to my wife, to my children. I suppress the memories that bubble to the surface. The violence that I do not want to face. I can't return yet. The war is not yet won, and we will follow Gondor's new king to the very heart of Mordor to end it. Even now, as the sun rises on a new day, he will be in the Houses of Healing. He rarely leaves, utterly devoted to saving every last man, woman and child. And so he wins the hearts and loyalty of all, and we will follow him to death or glory. G lory. I mentally scoff as I step between the crushed remains of Minas Tirith's great gates. What use is glory. There was glory in the Battle of the Pelennor fields, glory as we charged, cutting through the ranks of the orcs like a hot knife through butter. But as it always does, glory fled, leaving only death behind. Death for us came in the shape of Haradrim mounted on Mumakil, their footsteps like thunder, the ground shaking with every impact. And so we died, and so they died in the killing. Even now I wonder how many of them wanted this war, how many lay on that field, forced into battle by our ancestor's decisions, to fight a war against people they never knew, for a cause they did not wholly believe in. How many young men marched to war because they had always hated Gondor, because their fathers hated Gondor, because they have never known any different, never known or dreamt of the possibility of peace. I find that this morning my feet have led me once again into the killing grounds, where the majority of my comrades were slain. I idly wonder why, why I constantly return here, to the one place which hurts me the most. The place where the slain Mumakil tower into the dawn like great mountains, horses and humans little more than ants at their feet. I weave in between the great mounds of the slain monsters, searching for a flash of a Rohirric cloak, the fluttering breaths of one still alive. I walk beneath the splintered remains of a Mumakil war harness, the bodies of those who once rode in it twisted in death. I tread through them, searching, my eyes drifting over my enemies. I do not search for life in them. Instead I softly step around the bodies, careful not to disrespect the dead. I do not seek vengeance against those who have already paid the ultimate price. They are gone, and they care not for the worries and passions of the living. I barely notice the trailing fingers grasping at my ankle. "Please," A hoarse voice shudders, accented, mangling the unfamiliar word. For a moment I do nothing, frozen, afraid of what I might see. A scarred face twisted in hate, a poisoned dagger racing up to meet me in a final act of revenge as the Haradrim's life seeps into the dirt. That moment of stillness destroys any chance of brushing off the touch, as if I had not felt it, and the hoarse voice of the enemy rasps again, in a different tongue, his mother tongue. I know that I should keep walking, keep moving, never look back. This is no soldier of Gondor or Rohan, he is not who I am searching for. Was searching for. I remember with a jolt, a fresh wave of grief. But I cannot. A curiosity, a desire fills me and so slowly I turn, dreading what I may see, yet desperate to know. Desperate to see my enemy in pain and suffering, hoping they are not. I steel myself for the sight of the alien features of some shaman, or warrior. Waiting for eyes filled with burning hate to meet mine. And then I see him; and the sight of my enemy shakes me to my core. My enemy is no grizzled soldier caked in warpaint, no scarred commander. No, he is young. Just a young boy. No, not a boy, I realise with a jolt. No one could survive that battle and still be a boy. He is a man now, whether he knows it or not. His face however, is still rounded with youth, and twisted with pain, haunted eyes pleading, begging for help. And how can I deny him, for he is no older than my own son. My own child who I could not stop from from joining me in this war. My own child who I carried across the plain… No. I force the thoughts away, back to the young man who could so easily have been my son. But he is not your son. And he is not of Rohan or Gondor. He is of Harad; and he is your enemy. My enemy. Even as I think it I ridicule the thought. How can this boy be my enemy? Seeing him lying here it is hard to believe that only two days ago he was marching and fighting and killing. Killing my comrades. This boy played a part in the death of some of my closest friends, the death of my king. Perhaps he was even the one to fire the arrow into my son's side, or slice a sword across his ribs. Anger begins to harden my heart. He would not help me, or my son. So why should I help him? But even as I look once again into those eyes the anger drains away. This boy is only one man. One young boy who likely had little battle skill or training. He was not responsible for the Mumakil, who mowed down horses and men alike with their tusks. He was no shaman, who tamed, trained and controlled the great beasts. He was just a soldier, a dog's body. I cannot blame him for the death of my friends and my family.. Yet I find I do. I do blame him. I need someone to blame. Someone to hurt, to punish, to mask the pain inside. To cover-up the guilt I feel for being one of those who survived. The guilt of returning home knowing that I failed.. And even if I didn't, how can I take him to Minas Tirith, take him to the Halls of Healing and ask for someone to help? None would heed my call. They would let him die. Harad has been the enemy of Gondor for too many years. I find myself torn between my head and my heart. How can I leave this boy to die, out here, cold and alone? But how can I save him? How can I make that choice, how can I be the one to decide his fate. Maybe I can't save him. But I should try. I have to try. But my muscles refuse to obey, my knees refuse to bend, my arms refuse to stretch out. All I can see is the faceless Haradrim on top of their Mumakil, firing arrows into our midst. I shake the memories away. I should save him. I tell myself over and over and over. But I can't make myself do it. I can't make myself bend down and pick the young man up, like I have picked up so many others to carry them across the plain. Horror and anger fill my heart as I just stare into his pleading eyes, until, finally, my own eyes filling with tears of frustration at my inability, my selfish racism, I turn away. I close my ears to his quiet pleas as I leave him to die, filled with shame and self-loathing as a small vindictive part of me crows in triumph at the suffering of my enemy, the touch of his fingers on my ankle burnt into my skin. I can't forget about that boy. Every man I have carried today has his eyes, or his face, staring accusingly into my soul. Guilt eats away at me as the carts of the makeshift gates roll into place, bumping against each other with a quiet crack. My feet follow the same path they have taken every night to where we Rohirrim are garrisoned, and I see him standing in every doorway, blood leaking through the fingers clutched to his side. I shake my head violently, trying to dislodge him, but he is always there, around every corner and from every shadow I hear his quiet pleas. I stumble into our makeshift dining hall, into the light and noise of fifty men enjoying their meal after a day of back-breaking work, and finally I am free. I do not see him hiding in the corners, leaping out of the shadows. His pleas are drowned by raucous banter. For the first time that day, a smile teases the corner of my lips and I stride across the room to where what is left of the food lies cooling. I stare at my meagre meal, thrown together from what little supplies were left from the journey from Rohan, and what was not destroyed when the orcs sacked the city. My spoon hovers over the half-filled bowl with the wrinkled apple beside it. And all I can think about is a Haradrim boy that I left to die. I do not see the concerned looks my fellows give me, or feel the silent hands of solidarity on my shoulder. They just assume that I found another close friend dead today, and leave me to my mourning. Mourning. The mourning here hasn't been like normal. Normally we would drink to our fallen comrades memories. Drink and laugh and dance about our victory. But there is no ale left, no music or song or dance. There is no spirit left to celebrate our lives, our friends' lives. This is not mourning, or victory. This is just defeat. Only in defeat would we sit in silence, and recover our dead and wounded in despair. How do the Haradrim mourn? Somewhere deep in my mind the thought registers. I wonder if the young Haradrim has