A/N: Please note that this is a collaborative work, slightly edited from a RP, with multiple contributors, each of whom wrote the actions, thoughts and dialogue of either one, or several characters as follows (in this chapter): Wynja2007 - Glorfindel, Elladan, Elrohir. FireflyOfTheShadowWolves - Boromir, Pippin, Legolas, Lilliya. Rain Day - Faramir. Horseyyay - Oddberry, Merry. 7doom - Elrond. Scribe Of Heroes - Sam. Thanks to Wynja2007, who came up with the summary, and Scribe Of Heroes for the title. Chapter 1 Glorfindel, former Lord of the House of the Golden Flower, was not in the happiest of moods. He stared out through the casement, chewing the end of his quill, his hyper-blue eyes sweeping the valley, and turned to his journal once more. 'Dear Diary,' he wrote. ' Something is in the air; we can all feel it. The lads are off playing Rangers almost every week now and always come back with tales of orcs and wargs where there should be none. I am constrained to the valley and my other duties when to go further afield might be of use. But no. It is, do this, Seneschal, do that, Seneschal, ride the bounds, Glorfindel, what happened to that other flask of Miruvor, Glorfindel, I am sure it was there last night... and about those bells, Glorfindel, are they really appropriate for a stealth attack? Stealth attack? I? Never! I will face my enemies head-on; no need for stealth. After all, I acquiesced about the plumes, although my poor Asfaloth was most upset when he saw his denuded headstall... I am not taking his bells away, too. He likes the jingle. But I digress. There is most definitely something in the air; we are all as edgy and jittery as Queen Berúthiel's cats in a rocking-horse factory. Elrond has called a council, and we are in daily expectation of arrivals from across the land. There is no doubt that something is coming. I doubt it is good. Glorfindel set down his quill with a sigh. Time would tell, of course. It usually did. Meanwhile, Elrond paced in his study, face in his hands. He sighed, stressed. He had guests arriving from all over, not to mention his sons continued to come back with news of Orcs, Wargs, & even Trolls for Iluvatar's sake, where there used to be none. He could feel something foreboding in the air- he twisted the ring on his finger. Something to do with Sauron. He could feel it. But, he had guest-related things to attend to. Not to mention, he could swear he heard the screams of an elleth, no doubt a victim of a prank. Taking a swig of water from the cup on his desk, Elrond swept out of his office, calm and dignified once more. The four hobbits sat in the Prancing Pony blending in. Blending in meaning drinking. Their group didn't draw much attention, Oddberry was a fairly common visitor to Bree, and it was only natural that she would bring some of her own friends at some point. Being strangers, they were the centre of attention, other hobbits crowding round them and chattering excitedly. None of them noticed the shadowy stranger in the corner watching them. Merry was too busy marvelling at the pints. "I have never seen a mug so big before!" Oddberry's eyes sparkled. "Though the ale is not as good as at the Golden Perch!" That ale had delayed them at least two days on their journey. It had always been a favourite of Merry and Pippin's. All of them but Sam had drunk copious amounts of it, Sam drinking a more reasonable amount. The hangover had kept them all in bed an extra day. "What do you think Pip? As good as the perch?" Merry elbowed him with a grin. "I'm not sure Merry, but ale is ale so I think I can live with drinking it anywhere." Pippin stated. "Anywhere! Anywhere he says!" Merry slurred. "We should visit here more often, after our great journey!" Oddberry raised her eyebrows. "The Shire and back is not so great a journey Merry." They weren't going to mention going to Rivendell. That was a journey that would grab the attention of everyone, and Gandalf had specifically mentioned stealth. Merry wasn't really taking the hint. "I think we should have a song!" "Time for bed then!" A little wobbly herself, and a little concerned someone might start saying things they shouldn't, Oddberry began to drag Merry towards the four-hobbit room they had rented for the night, Sam and Pippin trailing behind. Oddberry woke them all up the next morning by banging her axe on her shield. "Rise and shine! Time for breakfast!" This caused much groaning among her fellows. They were much happier after a hearty breakfast, gathering their now very full packs and setting off once more. "How long will it take us Oddberry?" Merry was trying to work out whether they had enough food for a second breakfast everyday. Not to mention all the other meals. "I don't know... We go past the Midgewater Marshes and follow the road through the Lone Lands to the Last Bridge. I've never seen a map further than that. I've only been further than the Forsaken Inn once, which is one day away." "Inn?" Merry asked hopefully. "We aren't staying." "Why?" Pippin moaned. "Why wouldn't we stay in an Inn if we are going past one?" Pippin asked dramatically. "It's dirty, cold, has a hole in the roof and most the inhabitants will eat you alive." Oddberry grinned mischievously, a bounce in her step as they proceeded towards the house of horrors. Pippin gulped, what sort of inn would be like that? He wondered, horrified. "Merry, do you really think that there is an Inn like that? With people that would eat you?" Pippin asked. "Of course not Pip! People don't eat other people." Merry hoped they didn't. "I never said they were people..." Oddberry's eyes glinted ominously. "They are demons, shadows from the depths of the world. They come in the night and suck out your soul." Her eyes lingered for a moment before she turned round, grinning, holding in the laughter at Pippin's expression. Sam raised his chin. His eyes and tone took on a touch of sternness. "Now Miss Oddberry, there's no reason for you to go a'frightening Mr. Pippin like that." Oddberry's laugh tinkled in the autumn air. "Sorry Pip! I couldn't resist." Merry's dreams of a warm bed and a cool mug of ale resumed. "So we can stay?" "No. They might not eat you, but they will slit your throat in the night and steal your valuables. Or so people say... It has a bad reputation. We'll camp at the edge of the Marshes before the inn and leave a lot of ground between us and it in the morning." The rest of the day passed without incident and as the sky darkened for nightfall the hobbits got a nice little fire going. So naturally, they started cooking. It was probably a feast by normal travelling standards, but they were hobbits, so it was little more than a snack when compared to their usual meals. Oddberry's stomach grumbled loudly as she returned from setting snares. "I need food," she groaned dramatically, flopping backwards onto the ground. "Is it cooked yet?" Merry opened his mouth to answer but Oddberry sat up and shushed him, scanning the dusk. "Look! A fellow traveller." All other heads swivelled round to face where Oddberry was staring. "We should invite him to share our camp." Boromir wondered why the Hobbits were so far for home, as far as he knew Hobbits kept to themselves and didn't often leave their homes. He walked slowly towards their camp, leading his horse behind him, deciding that he would see where these Hobbits were going and if they minded some company for the night. It was better than being alone. Sam frowned at Oddberry. His voice came out hissed and much lower than hers. "You sure that would be a good idea, Miss Oddberry? What if he's one of those scoundrels you told us about? Oughtn't we to be careful on an excursion like this?" Sam stared into the hobbitess' face attempting to remind her of their mission without speaking of it aloud. Oddberry shrugged lightly. "I'll keep it safe. Anyway, normally the scoundrels go into the inn, not past it. And if he does try anything, one prick from this and he won't be getting up again." Oddberry patted her poisoned axe fondly, a vicious little smile crossing her face. Oddberry's grip on her axe tightened as the man suddenly loomed over Merry's head, a huge (by hobbit standards) horse towering behind him. "Greetings." She mustered a bright smile and managed to stop her voice from quavering. Men were a lot bigger when she was sitting down. "Hello," Boromir said. Merry suddenly realised that someone was behind him and nearly had a heart attack, scurrying sideways into Pippin. Oddberry attempted not to giggle hysterically; it was a nervous reaction. "Would you like to share our camp?" Her fellow hobbits looked vaguely horrified at the notion. "If your companions don't mind I would be honoured, I am Boromir of Gondor. And who would you four be?" Boromir said. Oddberry smiled at Boromir. "They don't mind." They probably did but Gondor was far away and the man sounded respectable, so if they were lucky he might provide some (hopefully unnecessary) muscle to their group. "I am Oddberry and my companions are Merry, Pippin and Sam. We hail from the Shire." She pointed to each hobbit in turn being suitably vague about their origins. Just in case. "Good to make your acquaintance," Boromir said. He wondered again why the Hobbits were out here, "Where are you four heading? I am headed for Rivendell, to go to Lord Elrond's council." Boromir explained. Oddberry smirked at Sam slightly, suppressing the urge to say 'I told you so'. She then gave Boromir her sweetest smile. "Oh good! We are also headed towards Rivendell, although we aren't entirely sure where we are going. I would ask you, but as Rivendell is that way," Oddberry pointed in the direction that Boromir had come, "I'm guessing you are a little lost." Oddberry woke the next morning to find Boromir already awake, the other hobbits stirring sleepily. She was fairly disappointed that she didn't get to wake him up with her shield and axe alarm. "Good morning," she yawned as she trundled out of camp to check the snares. Most were empty but she let out a quiet cheer when she saw that two rabbits had been snared. She bore her trophies aloft as she returned to camp, much to the delight of her fellows. More food was good food. Breakfast was quickly consumed and they were soon ready to go, continuing along the long road to Rivendell. Once they were past the unnerving Forsaken Inn Oddberry began to hum-sing tunelessly. "The road goes ever on and on, down from the door where it began..." Sam stepped along after Miss Oddberry. That was a proper breakfast of coneys she had snared for them. He felt in better spirits for it. He still was not sure if they could trust this Mr. Boromir, but he man had not done anything to them in the night. Besides, with the eight eyes they had between them open, they could disappear into this here undergrowth along the road should the stranger try something. Then Miss Oddberry could use that axe-weapon of hers to fell the big fellow. What was that she was humming, now? Oh yes, Mr. Bilbo's traveling song. Now that was a proper tune to travel to. Sam began to hum it himself. He sure hoped the old fellow was still alive and waiting for them in Rivendell. He and the elves would know what to do about "it" if anyone would. Sam's gaze