Title: Making Amends Series: Broken Glass Author: Prinzeßin Eilís Fandom: Harry Potter Type(s): Chapter-work Genre(s): Smut, Angst Content Rating: Explicit/X/M/NC-17 Summary: Harry makes it up to Malfoy in a way he really didn't exect Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling. A/N: This has not been Beta'd or Brit-picked. If you see a mistake, please point it out so I can fix it. It's been a week. It's been a week and he can't stop thinking about it. About the fight. About that fucking book . About Ginny in the Room of Hidden Things. That kiss... About Malfoy. About the fact that he was crying (and how had Harry forgotten he was crying ?). That he was about to Crucio him. That he almost died. God, he almost killed Draco Malfoy. He almost killed Draco Malfoy. Yes, he hates the bastard. Yes, he wishes all sorts of unpleasantness and pain upon the arsehole, but not death. Never death. Entirely too many people have died because of Harry already, and for one to be by his own hand because of his own ignorance and stupidity – in a school fight! This war is fucking with his head. Not like it wasn't already all he thought about. Not like it wasn't already his entire reason for existing in the first place, but- He can't do all of this on his own. Where the fuck are the adults who are supposed to know what they're doing? These people can't put all this responsibility on him and expect him to handle it. He needs to stop thinking he can handle everything by himself. Shouldn't he have learned this lesson already with Sirius? God, but he almost did the same fucking thing, didn't he? Always thinking he knows better, that he can handle it when he can't! He can't, he can't, and – Fuck there was a lot of blood, and his face- He's been replaying that picture over and over in his mind for the last week, like some kind of sick wizarding photograph, and every morning he wakes up with the sound of Draco Malfoy's agonized crying echoing in his ears. He hasn't slept since it happened. He's tried. God and Merlin know he's tried. Tried to rationalize that he didn't mean to do that much damage, that it was in self defence anyway, that it wasn't his fault. Tried to bury the memory, focus on something else; on Ginny. Beautiful, lovely, wonderful Ginny. On the feel of her lips, feather soft against his own in the Room of Requirement- or Hidden Things, whatever-. Barely there but so sweet. So perfect. And she was so close and warm; much better than that mess with Cho. (And why can't he ever manage to kiss a girl outside that room? Is he Requiring them somehow? That makes it all seem rather dubious, now that he thinks about it. He really needs to stop thinking and go to sleep.) Even the memory of Ginny's red hair and soft pale skin though, doesn't help him forget because in his mind that hair turns platinum blonde and the red is entirely unnatural, and that skin is far too pale; deathly pale, and blue eyes turn to pained silver, and- This is driving him mad. He needs to talk to Malfoy. After not nearly enough sleep, and a day spent obsessively tracking Malfoy all over the castle (thankfully this wasn't much different from any other time, so no one questioned him about it), Harry finally managed to find Malfoy on his own. Well. "Find." It was after hours, Ron and Hermione out doing their rounds as prefects, and Harry was discreetly studying the Map, when he saw the Slytherin make his way out of the dungeons alone. Seizing his chance, Harry quickly donned his invisibility cloak, and tracked the moving dot labelled "Draco Malfoy" all the way to the Prefect's bathroom. Malfoy had just gone in a couple minutes before, and Harry almost followed him in before he was forcibly struck with the memory of the last time he'd barged in on Malfoy in a bathroom. Harry reared back from the heavy, wooden door, stricken and resolved to simply wait outside until he was finished. Mumbling out a hastened "Mischief managed", Harry folded the map up and anxiously began to pace back and forth in front of the door. More than once he nearly gave up on the endeavour altogether and tried to flee, but not half way down the hall, he'd berate himself for his decidedly un-Gryffindor cowardice, and turn back around. Eventually he figured it would be better if he sat down. Probably seem less antagonistic anyway, which would be a good thing, considering. Huffing, Harry sat impatiently against the wall facing the bathroom, tapping his fingers against his trouser-clad knees. As his knuckles grazed the sleek material of his cloak for the eighth time, Harry remembered the last time Malfoy had caught him skulking invisibly, and ripped the offending cloth off his head, bundling it up in his lap. 'Good Lord,' he thought fretfully, 'is there anything that won't start a duel between us?' Then he remembered that this was Draco Malfoy he was talking about, and no, there wasn't. In fact, he was almost guaranteed to return to the tower covered in his own blood again, if he returned at all, and Malfoy didn't AK him on sight. Maybe he should have warned his friends. Maybe he should have written out a Will beforehand. Maybe he should have left his wand back in his dorm- but no, Malfoy will probably start a fight, and Harry will need to be prepared to defend himself. Non-lethal defence of course. Spells he knows. And has used before. On second thought, maybe he should just cast a quick Expelliarmus right at the get-go, nip the impending attack in the bud- but no, that'll just put Malfoy on the defensive, and make him think that Harry's come to start a fight with him so- Caught up in his considerations, worrying his cloak in his clenched fists, Harry actually missed the door opening silently (it must have been enchanted, there's no way a door that big would be so quiet). It wasn't actually until he heard Malfoy swear out in surprise that he realized that his moment was upon him. "Shit!" he burst out, stumbling to his feet and hurriedly trying to organize his burdens in order to spread his arms in what was hopefully a non-threatening display, while Malfoy grappled for his wand. "What the fuck are you doing here, Potter?!" Malfoy snarled, holding his wand out defensively. Harry noticed he was wearing a Slytherin Prefect bath robe open to reveal black silk pyjamas, which really didn't surprise Harry in the least, except that it was so informal that for a moment, he forgot what he was going to say. "Twenty points from Gryffindor for being out after hours!" Malfoy declared, snapping Harry out of his observation. The brunet made a face somewhere between a wince, a frown, and a scowl, which probably didn't look very attractive. "Now I'll ask again, Potter: What the fuck do you think you're doing here? Did you come to finish the job, is that it?" "No!" Harry actually paled at that, though he really should have expected it. "No, Malfoy I came to apologise!" He extended his arm placatingly, wincing when Malfoy flinched. "Please, just put down your wand, Christ, I'm not here to attack you. I swear, I'm just here to talk." The Slytherin eyed him warily for a moment before slowly lowering his wand. Harry let out a relieved breath. "Talk?" he asked disbelievingly. "You actually came here to apologise ? To me ." He gave a derisive snort. "Forgive me if I don't believe you." Even still, he made no move to raise his wand again, instead crossing his arms defensively across his chest and leaning back away from Harry, against the door frame. Sighing through his nose, Harry shuffled his cloak to one arm, and slowly, deliberately, slid his wand into the back pocket of his trousers, watching as Malfoy tracked his movements with narrowed, silver eyes. Hugging his cloak to his chest, he looked back at Malfoy's pale, thin face, noting as if for the first time, how unwell the other boy appeared. He'd lost half a stone this year, at least, and his face seemed even pointier than usual, add to that the fact that his normally pale skin looked downright pasty, and the obvious bruises under his eyes which couldn't be recent given how profound they were (maybe he'd been using glamours?). This image culminating with the untreated hair and pyjama-clad body, and Malfoy looked positively vulnerable. Well, that at least made Harry's task easier. "Look, Malfoy," he started, "I really am sorry about what happened. I know it's no excuse, but I honestly didn't know what that spell did. I never meant to hurt you like that." "Bullshit." Harry's eyes snapped up from where he had been tracing the lines of stone on the floor. He opened his mouth to reply, but Malfoy cut him off. "That was dark magic, Potter. I know you don't understand magical theory because you were raised by muggles, and you rely on Granger to know everything for you, but dark magic requires intent . As in when you perform a spell, you have to mean it. You don't just accidentally do dark magic, you idiot. If a spell is meant to kill, you need to be willing kill. If a spell is meant to torture you need to be meaning that, as well. You may not have meant to do what that spell did , but you had the gist of it well enough, so don't you fucking stand there like the self righteous icon of Gryffindor Morality that everyone seems to think you are, and tell me you 'didn't mean to hurt me', because if you didn't mean it, it wouldn't have fucking happened!" Malfoy was panting now, furious with his fists clenched and knuckles white; Harry was surprised to see that he hadn't broken his wand. Thinning his lips, Harry raised his hand, raking it through his messy curls. "Alright, yeah. I did mean to hurt you. The spell said it was meant for an 'enemy', and you were one. I didn't mean to wound you – I mean, you nearly died , Malfoy! I didn't want to kill you! Incapacitate you, yeah, but not that ! Not-" He cut himself off, and inhaled sharply through his nose. "God, Malfoy, seeing you like that was just... I'm sorry." He met the blond's molten gaze, and earnestly pleaded with him to understand that Harry was sorry. "I feel... I feel bloody awful about all of this Malfoy. I can't get it out of my head. I want to make it up to you, somehow. Please, is there anything I can do that could make up for this? Within reason, I mean, I can't..." he trailed off, unsure. He hadn't actually meant to say that, but what else was he supposed to do? Just saying 'sorry' seemed so fucking inadequate. Malfoy scoffed. "Can you 'do something' for me? What can you possibly have to offer me that can make up for trying to killing me? What the fuck do you expect, Potter? What, do you intend to just blow me or something and call it even?" Harry sucked in a breath, blinking wide-eyed. 'What?...' For a moment Harry just stared, brows creased, unthinking. After almost half a minute had gone by, Malfoy raised his eyebrows, and flung his arm out in an impatient gesture. "Well, Potter?" Harry gulped. "Is that what you want?" he asked in a small voice. The other boy narrowed his eyes in confusion. "Is what what I want? I didn't say anyth-" His eyes widened in clarity, "Do I want a blow job, you mean? No,