'You're an insufferable git, you know that?' Hermione huffed, crossing her arms and pointedly tapping the toe of her shoe against the floor.. The click of it echoed around the empty hall. The insufferable prat in question was dangling a silver chain in front of her, just out of reach. The owl pendant at the bottom swung too and fro, its golden gem eyes glinting faintly in the torch light. It was late, and cold, and most of the castle's inhabitants had taken shelter in their warm common rooms, exactly where Hermione wished she was. 'Not my fault you're short, Granger,' Draco said with a shrug. Hermione huffed again, blowing a strand of frizzy hair out of her face, as the Blonde brought the necklace closer to his face, inspecting it distastefully. 'What is this made of anyway, tin?' Hermione swiped for it again, growling in frustration as it was lifted just out of reach by the taller Slytherin. 'No it's silver, now give it back.' Draco laughed evilly dangling it in front of her, before pulling it out of reach again. Hermione fumed, she shouldn't have even been there. It was Snape's fault, he'd been idiot enough to partner them in potions, how he thought that either of them could work well together was beyond her. She cursed him silently to a long and drawn out death, as she remembered the smug smirk that graced the professors features when he'd given them both a detention, the remnants of their potion congealing nicely on their clothes. Hermione didn't need this, the year had been stressful enough already without adding a spoilt pureblood prat to the mix. 'Malfoy, give it…' she stopped, eyes wide and mouth hanging open as the Slytherin threw her necklace down a dark stairwell with a lift of one blonde eyebrow, it disappeared into the darkness and landed with the faintest sound. For one moment she was torn; a great big massive part of her wanted nothing more than to slap the smug look off his pale aristocratic features, and on the other hand she wanted to shout every expletive known, to muggle and wizard, till she was red in the face. She opted for stomping into the darkness of the stairs, muttering under her breath, as she felt along the stone walls for guidance. 'I don't know why you're bothered with something so cheap.' Draco muttered, leaning lazily on the wall, hands digging into his pockets. Hermione ignored him, kneeling down and searching the steps with her palms. 'It was a present.' Draco scoffed again as her voice came biting out the darkness, and took a chunk out of his ear drum. 'Shit present.' 'Of course you would think that, because you're a spoilt.. WOAAAHH.' Hermione let out a shriek as the stairs gave way beneath her, and she fell down into darkness, landing heavily. She winced, glancing at her surroundings and finding that it was even darker than the stairwell. 'Malfoy?' she called, choking on the air, thick with dust. 'Granger?" she heard his voice somewhere above her, squinting in the direction for some light. 'Help me….help me up.' she coughed again, pushing herself slowly off the floor, and dusting off her school uniform. 'And how, pray tell, do you suggest I do that, Granger? Don't know whether the fall has affected your memory but we are both wandless, and its dark.' Draco examined his nails, wincing as the bushy haired witch screamed back at him shrilly. 'And whose fault is that? If you'd have stopped being a prat for just one second, then maybe, just maybe, the potion wouldn't have exploded, and then maybe, just maybe, we wouldn't have had to spend detention cleaning the corridor walls, and then, there's a very high possibility that, I wouldn't be down this sodding hole!' Draco rolled his eyes. 'Don't turn this on me, you're the little miss know-it-all that feels the need to micro-manage everything, I think I know how to chop things, Granger.' 'I'm surprised anything survives the vacuous space between your ears.' 'Weeeellll.. I guess you're right. Have fun sitting in the dark, mudblood.' he flung the 'mudblood' cheerly over his shoulder as he slowly walked away. 'WAIT, wait, wait. Okay, fine.' Hermione sighed, trying to calm herself. Swallowing her pride with great difficulty she called up, 'Would you please just get me out of here?' She ground her teeth together as she heard him laugh in reply. Draco sauntered back to the stairwell, chuckling lightly to himself, trust the stupid bushy-haired Gryffindor to need saving. Draco stood on the threshold, peering down into the darkness cautiously. He shivered as a chill crept down his spine. It was black, impossibly black. The space felt full shadows, a great mass of them, rather than simply lacking light. He glanced back out at the corridor, torches burned at regular intervals, the light bright and warm, casting great halo's across the walls and floor, but none of it fell into the stairwell. Taking a breath he spread his arms out, feeling along the wall either side of him, as he gingerly put one foot in front of the other. The blackness seemed to envelope him, drawing him further down. He nearly gave up and left the Gryffindor then and there, wondering why he was even bothering. She started coughing and spluttering. Rolling his eyes and sighing in frustration, he continued his descent. Hermione was wandering blindly around the small room, feeling along the walls for an exit, her fingers falling in and out of crevices and ridges, patterns or runes she assumed, but there was no gap, no handle. 'Merlin, Granger, I can't see anything down here.' She heard the blonde mumble and sighed, counting to ten in her head. 'My, my, I've finally found something you're good at, stating the obvious.' Draco paused with a scowl, 'Do you want out of the dark and dingy hole, Granger? Because I will leave you, and trust me when i say, I will sleep like the dead.' Hermione huffed, biting back the retort of him already looking like the dead and leaning back against the wall. She could feel the patterns dig into her skin, through her shirt. Hermione shivered, as the cold sidled up her arms, leaving goosebumps in its wake. Draco squinted into the darkness, shuffling down another step, 'Where the…' The words died in his throat as his foot slid into a gap, and the rest of him followed. He groaned as he landed, pain shooting up his leg and making him wince. 'Malfoy?' 'Now who's stating the obvious, Granger?' He grumbled, pushing himself up, slowly allowing all his weight to rest on his injured leg. 'Oh great, this is just perfect. I'm stuck down a hole, with you?' 'I'm not exactly thrilled about this either. This is what I get for helping a Mudblood.' Draco rubbed his leg gingerly, it felt bruised. 'Don't call me that?' 'Or what, Granger, you going to chuck me down a dark hole, oh wait you already did tha…' They both paused as they heard a grating sound above their heads. 'Is that the…' Hermione started, but couldn't finish. She didn't want to think about the fact that she might be trapped, trapped with Malfoy of all people. 'Oh no, no, no. HELP, HELP. I'M TRAPPED WITH A MUDBLOOD.' His shouts echoed around them and faded into silence. ' Great now we can add trapped me down a dark hole to the list. Thanks a bunch, Granger. Tell me, does that bushy hair of yours drown out common sense, you know like don't go traipsing down dark stairwells without a light?' 'We wouldn't be in this mess if you weren't such an immature prat.' Snapping at Malfoy seemed to be the only viable way of not panicking. She couldn't be trapped, She had stuff to do, a life to live. Books to read. 'You are not blaming this on me.' Hermione sighed, biting back a retort, taking a deep breath to calm herself. 'Okay, okay. Let's think about this. It's Hogwarts, so there's got to be some sort of latch, or handle, or something..' she knew she was clutching at straws, she'd searched the room and found nothing, but she hoped. 'So you suggest feeling around in the dark, great plan, 10 points to Gryffindor.' Draco slow clapped as Hermione turned and once again started running her palms along the patterns. 'Will you just try?' she bit out. With a heavy drawn out sigh, Draco began feeling around in the darkness, till his hands felt the cold wall. 'What the hell are these?' he mumbled, running his finger along and indent. 'Feels like patterns.' 'I think they're runes of some kind, maybe if we could read them…' 'Well good luck with that one, Granger. The golden trio worked out how to see in the dark?' Hermione ignore him and carried on searching, with each bit of wall covered, the knot of worry in her stomach grew in size. Suddenly her hand brushed Draco's in the darkness, and both jumped back quickly. 'Get off me mudblood.' He spat, wiping his hand down the front of his jumper. 'I told you not to call me that!' Hermione stomped her foot against the floor. 'Wow stomping feet, Granger, real mature. You're hardly in a position to be giving orders anyway, you got us trapped down here.' 'You're the one that stole my necklace.' 'Correction, Granger, you dropped it, I picked it up.' Draco gave an exasperated sigh, pushing against the wall nearest him with all his strength, till the ridges dug into his palms. 'You wouldn't give it back.' 'You wouldn't give it back,' Draco mimicked, 'I don't know what you're getting all prissy for, it was a piece of trash.' 'I told you, it was a present.' Hermione had given up on searching for a way out, actively aiming all her frustration and fear at Draco in the darkness. 'Shit present.' 'No it wasn't.' Draco paused in his pushing, grinning into the black in the general direction her voice had come from. 'Oh don't, that's too precious. One of your boyfriends buy it for you?' Hermione blushed, grateful for the darkness. If Malfoy knew she'd never hear the end of it. 'Shut up, Malfoy.' 'Oh Merlin, they did didn't they. So who was it. Potty or little Ronniekins?' He tapped his chin in mock thought, as he leant against the wall he'd been pushing. 'Given the cheapness of it it, I'm going to go with, Weasel.' 'Shut up.' 'I'm right aren't I?' 'You're such a twat.' Hermione crossed her arms, wishing for about the fiftieth time that night, that she was somewhere else, with anyone else. She'd have preferred Voldemort to sharing an enclosed space with Malfoy any longer. 'And you're a mudblood.' 'Grr...you're such a dick.' Draco laughed bitterly at her pathetic insults. 'And you are getting on my tits, Granger.' He pushed himself off the wall, even in the darkness she still managed to have an air of know-it-allness and it was stifling. 'You should have thought of that before you got us into this,' she gestured wildly around her, even though he couldn't see 'I told you to chop…' Malfoy didn't let her finish. 'And we're back to the bloody potion, I was chopping!' 'You were dicing.' 'Same difference, bucktooth.' 'Well it obviously wasn't because the potion exploded.' 'It probably exploded because it couldn't take listening to one more minute of you shrieking.' 'I do not shriek!' Hermione shrieked, making Draco wince. 'Yeah, and your hair's not bushy either, is it, Granger? You don't have the hots for a ginger haired weasel, oh and while we are at it, your blood isn't filthy either, is it, is it?' Draco spat into the darkness with venom. 'Why you…' Hermione went to lunge in his general direction, but the light stopped her. It was small and bright, floating between them, pulsing