AN: I do not own Harry Potter. Plot : AU - Thanks to Harry having been "mistakenly" declared a squib at birth, Voldemort goes instead for Neville's life as he seemed to have a greater chance to become his equal. But that didn't change the fact that Harry's parents were still killed by the frenzied Death Eaters' attacks in the aftermath of the Dark Lord's defeat. Growing up on the streets and having nobody to rely on, these things have led to a different from canon Harry Potter start his first year at Hogwarts. Smart, Slightly Cold, Grey Harry. Neville is The Boy Who Lived. Important : although there are mentioned some Marvel comics and characters from the Marvel Universe, this fic is not a crossover with it. These comics are just that, comics that Muggle children enjoyed reading in this fic, just like in our real life as well. I only used them for Harry's character development. "Hello" – normal talk ' Hello' - thoughts Chapter 1 - On Dumbledore's Radar ' There...easy, almost got it...please don't turn around...' an eleven year old boy with messy black hair and green eyes was chanting in his mind while he was 'working'. He was furrowing his brows in concentration, trying to accomplish his task. It was the middle of the summer in London and the buses on the streets were filled with passengers, each one of them tired and feeling slightly weak due to the unusually hot weather...which was a good thing for the boy, considering which was his line of 'work'. With a final flick of his wrist, the raven-haired boy levitated the pouch from a fat middle-aged man's pants' back pocket into his own outstretched right hand. Mentally patting himself on the back for his accomplishment, the boy didn't dare to stay in the bus for a moment longer than necessary; at the first stop he jumped out of it. Then, with practiced calm, he started distancing himself from the bus stop with an expression of innocence befitting a child of his age...only that he was anything but innocent. Harry Potter – yes, that was the boy's name – despite his age, was mature enough to pass as a grown-up teenager if it weren't for his appearance to betray him. Ten years ago Albus Dumbledore, the Headmaster of Hogwarts left a one year old Harry Potter sleeping in front of his relatives' front door, in the middle of the night, at the end of October, with a letter in which he informed Petunia Dursley of her sister's passing away and asked her to raise her nephew as if he were her own son. To say that Vernon and Petunia Dursley were outraged would not be an exaggeration: they did not even want to consider keeping the boy. Therefore, at just a few hours after they had read the letter, they went directly to the closest police station and reported the incident. The next few weeks were quite hectic for the Dursleys as they had to convince the Child Protection Agency that they were simply both unable and unwilling to raise another child. They already had a son, they didn't need another one. In the end Harry Potter was sent to one of the many orphanages of "Poor Sisters of Nazareth". On the surface everyone thought that said organization was one of the most prestigious and trustworthy organizations in the United Kingdom, but only the children in their care knew the real truth. Throwback to 5 years prior " Hulk is sooo cool! I bet he'll kick Thor's butt in the next edition!" squealed an eight year old boy as he finished reading a magazine with comics. " No way, Thor will definitely roast his hide with his mighty thunder!" retorted a six years old boy with messy black hair and green eyes partially hidden behind a pair of round glasses. Around them, another 4 or 5 boys took sides and then they all started to chant against each other: " Thor is the best!" " No, Hulk will smash his arse!" Their shouts eventually alerted one of the nuns and when she heard what were the shouting about, she immediately went in a state of a religious fanaticism-driven anger: " What is the meaning of this?" she screamed at them. Seeing the angered nun glaring at them, the children gulped audibly. And they had a reason to do so if the beating that followed afterwards was anything to go by. Although the nun was very angry at the children's sin of reading the Devil's work, she was still careful to not leave them with bruises and marks in places easy to spot because the pagans from the Children Protection Agency never understood that many children were acting under Devil's influence. And, as one of the servants of God, she couldn't let them walk on the highway to Hell. It was her duty to set them to climb the Stairway to Heaven. (1) Back in the present As Harry walked through the crowded streets of London, he fell into one of his habits of reminiscing of the past. Three years have passed since Harry ran away from the orphanage. Ever since the beating he received when he was 6, he has been dreaming of living on his own with no-one to control his life. And that dream of his has been constantly fuelled by the comics the older children managed to smuggle into the orphanage. Comics like "Runaways" and "X-men" were the ones that had the greatest impact on his personality. Although the life in the orphanage was very unpleasant and despite the fact that even as just a 6 year old child he had had a mature mind, Harry never managed to muster the courage to actually run away. Or probably it was exactly because he thought like a grown-up that he didn't dare to break free. However, all of his worries and hesitation vanished one day when he produced his first bout of accidental magic: it was Harry's 8th birthday and one of his friends at that time, gifted him a magazine with one of the comics he loved the most. Although they had tried to be stealthy, the nun still discovered their actions eventually, fact that led to another beating. Blinded by her 'righteous' rage, instead of using the leathery part of the belt to beat the children, the nun hit Daniel – that was the poor boy's name – with the buckle, breaking his head. Due to his state of fear, Harry's magic broke free of its shackles and he banished the nun to the other side of the room where she collapsed unconscious. At first, Harry was filled with awe and excitement...all those comics he had read along the years had many children and teenagers with superpowers! Was he actually a mutant as well? Did he awaken the power of telekinesis, like Jean Grey from "X-men" did? After a few moments of relishing in the happiness of finding out that he might have superhuman abilities, the realization of the consequences of his deeds dawned on him: when the other nuns learned of what had just transpired, he knew he would be in for a royal beating. Heck, he didn't put it past them to crucify him or torture him in some way in order to exorcise the devil that they believed that it was possessing him. Although the nuns weren't actually that cruel like Harry believed them to be and despite that not all of them were finding a pleasure in beating the children from orphanage, in his panicked state of mind, Harry's fear of them intensified. To this day, Harry could still not remember clearly the events that followed his first bout of accidental magic. All he knew was that he had run away...and that he had run just like a naive child: with no pocket money, no food reserves, no additional changes of clothes, nothing. But what could anyone ask of him? He had been just an 8 year old child. Although his mind was more mature than his peers', in the end he had been too young to have had accumulated any worthwhile life experience. The following months were very hard on young Harry. He realized then that there was a good reason behind the orphanage's rule of not leaving the yard – the streets were not friendly with anyone, much less homeless people. And although on the surface London was believed to be one of the safest capitals in Europe, that was a bit far from truth. Especially in the Eastern London and the centre of the city, all sort of gangs were terrorizing the locals during night-time. Maybe it was his firm belief that he had somehow became a mutant and acquired superhuman abilities, or maybe it was the fact that he was an outstanding genius Wizard from birth, that was not certain, but the thing is that his magic was highly responsive to his will. Although Harry didn't know that he was a Wizard and thought that the wandless Banishing Charm that he had used against the nun was just the power of telekinesis, in only three weeks, he got a good grasp on the Levitation Charm. Thanks to that, the number of beatings he received for getting caught stealing food has gradually decreased to the point where nowadays he was not getting caught at all. And today Harry could say with no small amount of pride that in spite of not having a home of his own and no parents to take care of him and despite being just an eleven year old child, he had everything he needed in order to survive. He was doing questionable things for that, but he wasn't bothered by it. It wasn't like he was stealing because he liked to...alright, alright, after he started to become good at it, he also started to like it, but at least he was never stealing from the poor people; that had to count for something, right? At any rate, he needed to eat, to buy the minimum necessary of clothes and pay up the rent at the motel he was living in. To do those things he needed money – especially for the rent. The owner of the shady and shabby motel Harry lived in was such a money grubber that he demanded from him to play the double amount of money for the rent if he wanted to live there. But Harry didn't hold it against him; after all, the owner was risking having trouble with the police by renting a room to runaway children, especially when they were as young as Harry (he was just 10 at the time when he first came there). All in all, life was relatively good for Harry. Obviously, he was not living in luxury because that would have attracted unwanted attention, but he was still living decently. Harry wanted to keep a low profile because he was afraid of being discovered not only for being a runaway but also for his "mutant" powers. People believed that Marvel's comics were all just fiction for children, but he knew better than to dismiss them like that. After all, he thought he was the living proof that superhuman powers existed! What if there also were organizations that were hunting down or were forcefully recruiting individuals like him? In his mind there was also the fear of getting caught and being experimented on by creepy scientists. While Harry was thinking like that, the feeling of being watched washed over him. He turned his head abruptly but there was nobody behind him. Correct that: the street was just as full as it always was during days, but he couldn't see anyone suspicious...no policemen and no gangsters. Despite that, Harry didn't lower his wariness. During the three years he had roamed through the streets, Harry had developed something akin to a 6th sense.