I get into town and go straight to the salon to get made up before I go see him. It's been years since I have been with him and I have some major butterflies, I am hoping some pampering at the salon will help ease my nerves as well as get me 'presentable' to him…my Carlisle. While I am waiting for my turn the door chimes and in walks the three people I could go my entire life without seeing. His wife and two daughters, Esme, Rosalie and Alice, damn my luck. I quickly put a magazine up in front of my face so hopefully his wife won't recognize me. After she found out that I had "friended" Carlisle on Facebook she sent me a friend request and has been butting her nose in all our public conversations. I can't stand the goody-goody, fake smiles, holier than thou bitch. She is always trying to find ways to cut me down and make herself so much better but in a friendly backhanded way. Speaking of backhanded I would like to….Did I mention I don't particularly care for her? "Bella Swan, we are ready for you now," the receptionist calls. "Fuck," I whisper and put the magazine down and try to play off like I don't know they are there. I don't make it very far. "Bella, is that really you?" Esme sweeps over to me. "Oh wow, Esme! What a surprise! How are you doing?" Cue the fake smiles….now. "I am doing great, let me introduce you to our beautiful daughters. Rose, Ali come meet and old friend of your fathers. Isabella Swan, this is Rosalie and Alice. Rosie, Alice this is Isabella Swan." "It's really nice to finally meet you girls. Now if you will excuse me," I point to the receptionist and try to make my excuses. "Of course, we will see you when you get done and we can catch up." "Lovely," I grit through a smile. I am lead back to the sinks so I can get my hair washed and just as I lean back and the girl starts massaging the shampoo in my hair I hear Satan's voice again. "So Isabella, what brings you to our neck of the woods? I wouldn't think a big city girl like yourself would be at all interested in slumming it here." I take a deep breath and open my eyes, she has a somewhat friendly expression on her face but I look into her eyes and they are anything but friendly. "Well actually I am traveling for work and thought I might stop by and visit Carlisle for a few minutes before heading out again." Truthfully I want to stay for more than a few minutes, I was just not expecting to run into his family. "Well Bella, how about we wait on you to finish up then you can come to the house for dinner tonight," Esme offers. OH HELL NO! "Oh thank you but I am going to get my hair re-done and I am in desperate need of a mani, pedi and full wax. I plan on spending several hours getting pampered. This is my first downtime I have had in weeks so I am going to enjoy it. I may just pop into the clinic on my way out of town tomorrow." Actually I know that Carlisle is working late tonight and I am going to surprise him at his medical clinic when I get done here. "Oh don't be silly! Come for a nice home cooked meal. Besides, I have never had a full salon treatment, I may join you. The girls sneak and get them all the time but I never have. Things aren't too hot at home, if you know what I mean, maybe this will help. Does it hurt to get your eyebrows waxed?" What am I supposed to say to that?! "Uh yeah, I always feel sexy after a spa treatment. You get used to the pain on your eyebrows, but I am getting a Brazilian wax, my eyebrows are fine I just had them threaded a few days ago." "What is a Brazilian wax? It sounds so exotic." "Uh..." I look at her like she has grown a third eye. The lady who is washing my hair snickers and then tells Esme what it is and she blushes hard. "You actually let another woman TOUCH you THERE?" "Yeah, woman or man, just depends on who is available at the time. It's not a big deal." "Well, I could never do that," and here is the haughty Esme. "Oh men just LOVE it!" "I don't care, no one but Carlisle touches me there, and even he hasn't done that in a long time." "OK, but I am sure Carlisle thinks it's sexy as hell," I laugh. "How would you know what he thinks is sexy?" Engage the bitch brow. "Wow, take it easy Esme, he's a man." I say with a shrug and stand up walk to the back to get my wax done since Esme stood over me the entire time I was getting my hair washed, so much for that relaxation. There is a woman holding the door for me, "Hi Bella, my name is Angela but you can call me Ang. I am going to do your wax. Esme tries to follow me back but Angela hurries and shuts the door. "Are they friends of yours?" Angela asks thumbing towards the door. "Not really, I...uh...know her husband." Smooth, real smooth Bella. "Oh really? And how well do you know her husband?" she smirks. "Enough to know for sure he loves a Brazilian wax." "Are you fucking her husband?" Angela practically yells. "Sshhhh! Not in several years, but if I play my cards right, I plan on being back in his arms soon." "You are horrible," and she just laughs, "Lay down and I will get started." Something about Angela just instantly puts me at ease, I can see myself being friends with her so of course here comes the word vomit. "Yeah, I am. We used to date in high school, then re-connected about 15 years ago and started an emotional affair and we ended up turning into an amazing physical affair about 13 years ago. But we haven't seen each other in a little over 3 years; we talk all the time though. I just decided to come up here and surprise him." "It will be a surprise when you walk into his house for dinner with his wife." "Yeah, I am going to try and get out of that," I say with a grimace. "I don't blame you. You know, I have been having an affair with my high school sweetheart, Ben, for about a year and a half. We are both married and have to keep it a secret, it's stressful, his wife comes in here all the time, but oh the fucks are worth it! We were both too scared to break the rules back in high school so some chaste kissing was as far as we ever took it. Now I kick myself for all the wasted years I could have had all of him." "They are aren't they? We have been in love for so long, and I am actually divorced now, have been for a little over 2 years. He doesn't know it though, I didn't want him to feel responsible for my marriage failing or think that since I am divorced I expected him to pick me, you know? He knows I was seeing someone else after our affair stopped, but then I was cheating with him, so it wasn't that big of a stretch to think I would cheat with someone else. He kind of pulled away a couple years ago so I thought he was done, kept telling me how amazing and beautiful his wife was. It hurt like hell but I just let him go and I started dating a guy from my office; let Carlisle have his space or whatever. It didn't work with this other guy and he knows I stopped seeing him and things have started to pick back up with us, but we haven't had a chance to actually meet up, until now. Is it completely wrong to hope he ends up leaving his wife? I mean that is part of the reason I am moving up here. Part of me doesn't want to split them up but the other part..." "The other part just wants anything to be with him and have him all to yourself?" I sighed, "Exactly." "Well since you are moving up here, you are going to have to start coming in here and keep me updated on what is going on!" "Sure thing! I have to keep myself up if I am going to be stealing a husband!" Esme walks up to the door and knocks, without waiting for a response just walks in. Angela and I share a "oh-shit-that-was-close" look between us. "You have been back here a long time, and does it really take that long? Did it hurt that bad?" "No, we are just talking." I say rudely. "I think I might get one if it doesn't hurt. Do I have to get in one of those gowns like that?" "No, but Angela said that they spray lavender on them to help you relax and I thought it sounded nice so I got one. She just talked me into a facial too, I am fixing to get that." "Oh that gown sounds nice. Can I ask you something kind of personal?" "Uh..sure...I guess." "Does your husband like those underwears like you were wearing?" She points to my panties on the table, "You know, the kind that goes up your crack like that?" "I think all men like thong panties. I especially like the satin ones right after a wax, feels amazing." "Where do you get them at?" "Um, either Victoria's Secret or Agent Provocateur." "There is a Victoria's Secret in the next town over, when we are done here do you want to go over there with me?" NO! NO! NO! But what comes out of my mouth? "Sure, I could use a new sexy nightie or two." "Oh Carlisle hates stuff like that." "What? I have never met a man who doesn't like to see his lady in something sexy and slinky." "He said he doesn't want me wearing them, it's not fitting for a doctor and pastor's wife to wear stuff like that, I am held to a high standard in society." I almost laugh because Carlisle LOVES the sexy lingerie and has spent hundreds and hundreds of dollars buying me sexy little things. "Huh?" I am not sure what look I have on my face, but it almost makes my cheeks ache. "Well, I agree with him, women are supposed to dress modest." "Huh?" "Then why in the hell do you want panties like Bella's if you dress modest? Victoria's Secret sure isn't the place for modesty," Angela asks. "Well, honestly girls, I need to do something to spice up the bedroom stuff. Carlisle hasn't touched me but on my birthdays and our anniversary for the last almost 14 years. I try to, you know, make love to him on his birthdays, when he was home for them anyway. He always seemed to have some retreat or medical conference to go to on his birthdays, except for the last couple of years he hasn't left for any trips; but he won't let me touch him and when it is my birthday or our anniversary, it's like I have to almost force him to. And I have just giving up trying any other time; I don't know what has been going on. He won't even kiss me except occasional pecks on the cheek and won't hold me or hold my hand, nothing and the last three or so years, he won't