Disclaimer: (In the spirit of Crimson Starlight) Haldir and Glorfindel: banging loudly onShana's bedroom door Bessie: What're you two doing? Haldir and Glorfindel: jump at the unexpected voice, looking rather guilty Bessie: hands on hips Well? Haldir: She locked herself in her room and is refusing to come out. Shana: from inside room Fuck off! Glorfindel: See? Bessie: Did it ever cross your minds that maybe, just maybe, she wants some time to herself, away from you two that isn't at work? Haldir: blinks Why would she want to get away from us? Glorfindel: looks sheepish Bessie: nods toward Glory I think he gets it. Haldir: looks at Glory So? Glorfindel: We HAVE been a bit in her hair a lot lately. Actually a lot more than usual. Haldir: confused Glorfindel: She needs some "me" time and unless we want to be sleeping with the dog and the snake for the next 2 weeks I suggest we give it to her. Bessie: makes shooing motion Scram. Go climb a tree or something. Haldir and Glorfindel: glare but leave Shana: pokes head out of room They finally gone? Bessie: Yup. You got em? Shana: Oh yeah. pulls Bess into room Every movie Keanu Reeves ever made. Bessie: rubs hands together, already drooling Which one first? Oh wait. Almost forgot. Shanastay owns only Janessa. Everything recognizable belongs to Tolkein. We good now? Shana: Oh yeeeaaah. The Matrix? Bessie: grins Red pill or blue pill? Shana: Red pill. Chapter 1: Down the Rabbit-Hole Janessa awoke to find herself in a brightly lit white room. From her prone position on the floor she tried to determine where she was, bringing one hand up to shield her eyes from the light. "Bloody hell. I feel like I have the mother of all hangovers. Where the fuck am I?" Jan muttered, propping herself on her elbows, still lying on her stomach. She let the hand by her brows drop, her attempt to diminish the glaring illumination proving ineffectual. She couldn't even tell where the light source was. Looking down at the ground she realized she didn't even cast a shadow. "Ok. What the fuck? That's a neat trick." With a groan she levered herself to her feet. As she moved, pain flared across her lower back and ribs, forcing the air from her lungs. Something snapped, the agony driving her back to her knees. As quickly as it hit, the pain was gone. Did I wake up in bizarro-land? Jan looked around again, this time registering that while everything was white, she could not discern actual walls, a ceiling or even the floor she kneeled on as she cast no shadow. Everything was just… white and utterly featureless. Neat trick was an understatement. Where AM I? It took her a moment but Jan finally realized what it was she was sensing. A presence. Something or someone else is here, but where? Oh what the hell… "Hello? Who's there? I know you're here. Come out and show yourself!" she challenged. Whatever it was smiled in response. Smiled? How would I know it smiled? Jan rose to her full height, warily turning about in a small circle, eyes narrowed, trying to see something, anything in the glaring whiteness. Curiouser and curiouser. Stay calm. Think. How could you have gotten here? Start with the last thing you remember. Against her better judgment Janessa closed her eyes, focusing on what she could remember. With vivid clarity it all came rushing back. The Denver 7 Newsvan. They were chasing me. There was an accident, a gas tanker. I got the truck driver out. I was going back to get the news crew when… Oh God. The guy with the cigarette. He… I ran but I was too close. The explosion vaulted me through the air. I… Janessa's mind froze, the moment she was airborne and something hit her freeze-framed in her mind. "I died." Her voice was a barest whisper The presence seemed pleased with her conclusion. Janessa shook her head, clearing the fog of disbelief from her mind. Striking a trademark pissed off stance Jan glared in the general direction of where the ceiling would be. "Ok, so I died. And I ended up here, wherever here is. What is this place? Purgatory? Have I not suffered enough in my life that I have to do time here before gaining entrance to Heaven, assuming there is a Heaven and this is Purgatory?" Janessa's tone was clearly sarcastic, her typical disregard for unproven authority coming through. "Or perhaps this is Hell. Maybe my version of Hell. I can see myself going insane quite quickly from sheer boredom. So what gives? Which is it? 'Cause surely this is NOT Heaven." The presence seemed amused by the redhead's attitude. From nowhere eerie music began to rise, quickly gaining strength. Free… the dream within The stars are crying, a tear A sigh… Escapes from heaven, and worlds end Wait a minute. I know this song. Where have I heard this before? The answer hovered at the edge of her mind, teasing her. The woman's voice was haunting, the music soaring. Is there some kind of message here I'm supposed to divine? Do the words have a greater meaning? Breathe… the dream within The mystifying We tremble and spin Suspended within "The dream within…" What does that mean? Wait. I remember! "This is the theme from Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within . But why am I hearing it? What are you trying to tell me? Answer me!" Look beyond, Where hearts can see Dream in peace Trust love, believe Dreams, dreams. This has something to do with dreams. My dreams? Which ones? I don't understand! "I don't understand! What do my dreams have to do with anything? Hello? Kinda dead here. Dreams are a bit irrelevant at this point don'tcha think?" Jan threw her arms out to her sides, turning in circles, pleading to whatever or whoever it was out there. We tremble and spin Suspended within Even in death I can't get a break! "Hey! Color me stupid but I don't get it. So what is it? I'm suspended in a dream now? Hey, whatever. Not like I have a whole lotta say here. If you're gonna do something might as well get on with it! I'm not getting any younger here. Well, I'm not getting any anything. I'm DEAD! Great. I'm dead and I'm talking to myself to boot. Good job Jan. Couldn't get it together in life and you're just as fucked up in the afterlife… or whatever." Suddenly the music seemed to get louder, as if to emphasize the lyrics that followed. Free… the dream within A voice is calling, a song A prayer, from deep inside you To guide you Be… the dream within The light is shining I fly on the wind Salvation begins Guide me? Salvation? What do I need to be saved from? "Oh come ON! I'm already DEAD! Why do I have to keep reminding you of that?" Jan's arms hit her sides with a loud slap. Look beyond Where hearts can see Dream in peace Trust love, believe "Trust love?" Janessa started laughing hysterically, losing her grip on her already tenuous sanity. "Am I actually supposed to believe LOVE will 'save' me? Love is a joke, a petty dream deluded people indulge in. It's too late for any of that anyway. I'M DEAD!!!" Jan screamed her last comment, the sound swallowed up immediately. We tremble and spin Suspended within The presence did not seemed pleased with her reaction, the redhead still giggling like a madwoman, tears beginning to run down her face. Completely defeated, Jan lifted her face up, impotent tears still coursing down her face. In one last act of defiance the redhead raised both hands high over her head, both middle fingers extended, not knowing or caring if the entity would recognize the gestures as the insults they were. Free… the dream within The stars are crying, a tear A sigh, escapes from heaven And worlds end The ground, or lack thereof, dropped out from under the redhead. With an echoing scream Janessa plummeted downward, tumbling and twisting. "MOTHERFUCKER!!!!" the woman screamed as she fell uncontrolled and unchecked. Janessa tumbled end over end several times before she got a grip on herself. I'm gonna puke if I don't do something fast. Ok. I'm in free-fall. There is no difference between this and jump training at USAFA. Janessa reconsidered that thought for a split second. Strike that. At least at USAFA I had a parachute… That only slightly comforting thought in mind, she immediately spread her arms and legs out in a loose "X," her knees slightly bent, body tensed against the rush of air she fell through. The movement put her in a stable body position, stomach down the twisting and flipping immediately ceasing. Now that I'm stable and not gonna hurl, what hell am I gonna do? She looked "down." I have no idea where I'm falling to or what is waiting for me. FUCK! Why do I have a bad feeling that if I wasn't already in Hell that's exactly where I'm headed now. "FUCK YOU WHOEVER YOU ARE!!!!" Jan screamed defiantly yet again, having decided she'd pissed whoever or whatever off to the point she could say anything now. Something caught her eye and she focused her attention below her, alarm growing in the back of her mind. Oh shit. What the fuck is THAT? Something was coming into focus beneath her, much like everything got bigger as you dropped out of the sky when parachuting. Ok, that IS the ground. As things grew in size the redhead began to make out a valley, trees, a river, buildings and other vague features. Every hair on Jan's body stood on end as she came to the crystal conclusion, Awww FUCK! This is gonna hurt!!! Nothing impeding her rate of descent, the woman screwed her eyes shut as things below became all too clear and large. Brings new meaning to "brace for impact." So I get to die twice? Woo! What did I do to rate that privilege? Jan cracked on eye open a split second before impact, immediately closing it again, an involuntary scream ripped from her chest to be cut off as she slammed into the ground. The group of elves and one Istari gathered in one of Imladris' many gardens looked around as an unexpected scream rent the air, all jumping back as a body landed on the ground at their feet. Not one moved as they contemplated the still form before them, Gandalf and Glorfindel looking speculatively up into the clear blue sky. The most striking thing about the body was the cascade of blood-red hair falling around it, obscuring its face. Several thumps behind him caused Legolas to turn, finding himself staring at a pile of black leather saddlebags, a full quiver of red-fletched arrows, a gracefully curving bow and a strange looking sword. A grunt and the sounds of movement turned the Prince's attention back to the body they had formed a circle around. Janessa was surprised that the force of her impact with the ground wasn't even remotely what she'd anticipated. She hit hard enough to bounce but not injure anything other than her nose. She landed face first, her nose breaking with an audible crack. Someone REALLY has a sense of humor. Muttering around the blood pouring from her nose Jan sat up, throwing her head and hair back as she shifted to her knees, weight resting on her heels, her fingers pinching the bridge of her nose. She froze as she suddenly realized there were people all around her. Oh shit. This can't be good. Elrond, Erestor, Glorfindel, Legolas and Gandalf all were struck speechless by the sight of the woman, they now realized, who had just dropped out of the sky into their midst. Her strange, skin-tight attire drew murmurs at the