"Hey, Percy," the blonde jogged over to the son of Poseidon and his features contorted into a confused expression. "Have you seen Nico around?" The green-eyed teen shrugged and then shook his head. "Not recently. I saw him like a couple days ago, but that was about it. Piper told me that he couldn't help me with the sword lessons... I wonder why..." Percy more muttered to himself after a second of pondering. Anyways, the two sons of the Big Three said their good-byes and Jason resolved to successfully look for Nico, whatever that meant. He decided that he would leave the son of Hades be for a while. The next day, and he still couldn't seem to spot Nico. It was breakfast, and the slowly filling-up Mess Hall did not seem to contain a specific pale and skinny son of Hades. He caught sign of his former girlfriend; Piper and he didn't really have a bad fight or anything, more of a mutual agreement after Piper seemed to find feelings in a female praetor and the blonde had found his growing interest in Nico di Angelo, although he swears it's only 'bromance'. "Hey, Pipes, have you seen Nico?" At his question the brunette giggled and quickly changed her expression to a neutral smile, pretending to be indifferent. "Why? Finally ready to confess?" "No," he rolled his eyes and playfully yet gently nudged her arm. "I haven't seen him in days. Do you know where he is?" "Have you thought to check his cabin? He's bound to be there if nowhere else," the daughter of Aphrodite explain, colorful eyes swirling over to look at Jason curiously. "Oh, why didn't I think of that?" Jason mentally face-palmed himself. "Thanks, Piper," and with that, ran to the Hades cabin, catching something close to 'Boys...' before he was out of hearing range. When he got to the black-painted door, (being the perfect little polite Roman he was,) he knocked. "Hello? Nico, you in here?" He didn't hear anything but with the small demigod, but he didn't want to take any chances. "I'm coming i-" "Please don't!" A panicked voice came from the other side of the door. "Nico? What's wrong? Did something happen?" "It's... It's n-nothing, just leave. I can't see you right now," Jason tried to open the door but Nico pushed it back closed. The doors, weirdly enough, didn't have locks. Nor did any other cabin's for that matter. "When's a convenient time, then? You haven't been out for days, and everyone's worried." "I don't think everyone would..." "Okay, I'm coming in no-" "Come uh, later! L-like in a week, then I'll be able to see you!" "What," the blonde huffed, annoyed, "that makes absolutely no sense. Nico, I'm coming in whether you like it or not, and don't think of shadow-traveling because I'm going to track you down." He forcefully opened the door and was met with a very red-faced Nico di Angelo. He wore a over-sized blue sweater that threatened to fall off of his left shoulder and came half-way down his thighs. He wasn't wearing skinny jeans for the first time. "Jason," the son of Hades stared up at him straight in the eye and sighed before averting his gaze. The flush on his pale cheeks darkened considerably. "This really isn't a good time." "But why are you," electric-blue eyes scanned over the smaller teen's body and he visibly gulped. Nico blushed and tried to pull the sweater down more, but at the same time keep it on his shoulders, "dressed like that?" "That's kinda why I told you not to come in." "Can't you just get dressed? I could've waited for a couple minutes since you were a little indecent." The blonde really didn't get the point of all this. It was such a simple manner. "I-I can't," Nico replied, looking defeated towards the floor at his bare feet. "What? I can help you if you wa-" "No, it's not like that! I just kinda, maybe...pissed of Drew, and she...c-cursed me." He managed to stutter out, his usually pale complexion a bright scarlet. "Curse you into wearing only this?" Nico shook his head. "Then what?" "Oh, umm, just into wearing...skirt the entire week..." he trailed off again. The blonde's eyes instinctively trailed to Nico's seemingly bare legs and he bit his lip in order to contain his laughter. "So that's why..." the glare that he received cut off the rest of his sentence. "Oh, so how does this curse work?" "The skirt doesn't come off. And it's not like I can walk over to the Hecate cabin and ask for a remedy," Nico countered-argued, getting defensive. Jason put his hands up int he air as mock-surrender. "How doesn't it come off?" "You can't like rip it, and it doesn't have a button or anything..." "Like leather?" Nico shook his head. "I tried using my sword but it didn't work. I really don't know what to do," he sighed as he sat on the bed and the sweater hitched upwards a bit, revealing a laced, black miniskirt that flared out slightly. Nico flushed and, muttered Italian obscenities under his breath, tried to cover it. Jason couldn't help but let out a strangled cough that sounded strangely like a laugh. Nico set his jaw defiantly and narrowed his eyes; Jason just thought it made him look more adorable especially with the blush displayed on his chee- okay, let's not go there. "Then you try fixing it." Jason coughed a little nervous now. "Umm, can I try and you now, umm, decapitate me?" "Fine, Just get this thing off of me," Nico muttered, somewhere in between embarrassed and angry. "Please." He almost unwillingly too off the sweater and Jason could see that he wore a tight black tank-top and simply sat there on the bed, pressing his knees together. He stood up, staring at Jason's chest, suddenly. "Uh, if you could turn around..." this was suddenly very awkward for them as Jason knelt down to look at it a bit closer. Just to create small talk, he asked: "So where'd you get that huge sweater?" "It was, um, Percy's..." Jason looked up surprised but not completely without a little twinge of jealousy. "He lent it to me when I was younger, and he said that he didn't need it back..." "How many years ago was this?" "Two..." "How much have you grown, Nico?" Nico kicked him. He decided not to think too complicated on the matter. "Just try and get the stupid thing off of me." "Yea, yea." There was an indicated zipper in the back, but it wouldn't budge, no matter what Jason would try to do; using his sword would be too risky, and trying to rip it didn't work at all. He sighed and inspected the 'offending' garment some more. It seemed to be made of regular silk but true to Nico's word, he couldn't seem to make a tear in it. "There's a zipper that won't move. Can you work your way out of this?" Nico snorted at his naive hopefulness. "What do you think?" Although the half-Italian was insanely skinny, the miniskirt clung tightly to his hips, as of to leave no room. "It's fine, you can't do anything.. I guess I'll just have to wait a week..." The brunette turned suddenly and the blonde found himself facing Nico's abdomen and...crotch. His mouth went dry, and his pants felt a little too tight to be comfortable. "N-Nico?" "Yea?" "What did you do to piss Drew off?" "Oh, uh, about that," Nico gave a hesitant chuckle and Jason looked up at his scarlet face. "I told her to leave me alone..." "How?" "I kinda... She, uh, did accuse me of being a homosexual." He laughed and then abruptly stopped, looking up at Jason with a small smile. Nevertheless, the big, brown, doe-like eyes reflected the hurt and anguish received in them. Just watching the orbs become the sole outlet of Nico's real emotions made the blonde's chest scrunch up in a way that wanted him to embrace the younger teen and sweep him of his insecurities, because well, he was only a kid. "What did she do, try to pick you up?" Jason's tone was joking as he tried to lift the current mood, but with the look on the other demigod's face, he did a double-take. "She did, didn't she?" "I wouldn't call it- I mean, she just walked up to me and started to like, touch my arm, and I don't know. And she did tell me that there was a cure... But I have to find it." The childish pout (Nico would argue otherwise later on) made the Roman demigod's lips curl up into a genuine grin. "You're adorable," the blonde felt the words leave his lips before he could stop himself. Nico looked at him incredibly, like he had grown two heads. "You know what, forget I said that, just, I'll try to ask the Hecate cabin if they know anything." He stood up to his full height and Nico backed away a bit, just allowing him to get to the door when he tripped on a loose floorboard. Jason, on instinct, had lunged to catch him but also fell in the process, resulting in him sprawled above Nico on his bed. Awkwardly. They both didn't fail to notice the close range that they were in. Their breaths mingled together weirdly, but not entirely unwelcome. "S-sorry, just let me, uh, get up.." Nico flushed and tried to move his squished legs when he accidentally slipped on in between the son of Jupiter's legs. Jason let out a husky groan and met the doe-big, brown eyes of the shorter demigod. "Are you-?" Jason had the decency to blush before getting up and allowing Nico to get up. Walking with a hard on deemed a very, very difficult task, especially when the person who cause it was standing within two feet of him. "I, uh-" Jason's couldn't find a proper explanation to give the younger teen. He decided to heed Piper's words. "Kindahavefeelingsforyou... Sort of." "Wait, what?" "I know, I'm sorry, but-" "No, I can't understand what you're saying, Jason." the one time Nico had to say his first name had to be when he had a hard-on, and just to mention, it didn't help much at all. "I kinda, majorly, maybe like you," and with his strained confession, Nico's jaw fell. He had Jason Grace, perfect blonde superman, ex-praetor, the dream-guy of every single girl in camp, blundering in front of him like a middle school girl because of a confession? But why him? It didn't make sense. "I know, I'm sorry. It feels like I betrayed you, and if it helps, I don't think I can look at you right now," Jason breathed out. The weight of denial had risen from his shoulder, and he could, maybe, just a tiny bit, see what Piper meant when she told him about his 'interest' in Nico di Angelo (which he himself did not notice at first). "It's fine Jason. I was just," he hesitated, "caught by surprise. Not to mention that I'm wearing a skirt..." "But, Percy-" "I told you in Croatia, that I got over him. I don't have a crush on him. And I like someone else. That I told you about but I didn't tell you. Do I need to spell it out for you?" "I'd rather you not," the blonde mumbled, he could sort of start to control his body again although it was sort of painful. The thought of his crush liking someone else...he knew how Nico felt when he formerly gazed on Percy. "Wait, by that person, do you mean-" "Oh, for the love of Aphrodite, Jason Grace. I like you, you idiot!" Nico all but yelled at him, exasperated. It was now his turn to be surprised. They stood there in silence for the moment, staring at