Out Of Time- A Halloween Love Story Summary: Time can be a funny. Sometimes it's cruel. Sometimes it's not. What happens when it's got Bella Swan and Edward Cullen in its webs? Mature audiences. A/U B&E All Human. Disclaimer: I do not claim the characters to be mine, only how I used them in my storyline. This is an original work of fiction and in no way portrays anyone alive or not. Acknowledgments: I wish to thank my beta, EnchantedbyTwilight, who somehow is still with me and my inability to understand how grammar actually works-I also want to thank, from the very bottom of my heart, heartfortwilight for her wonderful suggestions and especially Gabby1017 who used her wonderful colors between my story's lines. Thank you, ladies! ~o0o~ It's Halloween-again. I pull the sheer curtains to one side as I watch the sun slowly peek past the horizon, leaving wisps of dark clouds and fingers of orange, pink, and gray. It's nature's artistry, and I enjoy viewing it from my sturdy rocker. Since the weather is bitter cold, I keep my prized rocking chair by the front door, protecting it from the elements that will rot the wood. I carefully drag it to the side of the stairs and go back into the house to collect the huge bowl of Snickers, Mars bars, chocolate Kisses, and assorted lollipops waiting there. Once I am fitted in my chair with the bowl in my lap, I await the running feet of ghosts, goblins, princesses, and superheroes. With a thick, dark, cable sweater and matching shawl and hat, the cold doesn't seep into my older bones. I rock and take in all the sights I miss throughout the year, and once again, memorize my surroundings. The old oak tree that challenges my age sits on the side of the house with its thinning top branches scratching at my bedroom windows at night and creaking along with the howling of the wind. In the summer, the rope swings host the neighborhood children in squeals of flight and fun. I can watch for hours as they climb the tree, play on the swings and allow me to read to them of classic pirates and mermaids. They sample freshly made cookies and cold, sweet lemonade. The sounds of their laughter will remain in my mind days later when there is only silence. And those days I can't bake or easily walk, I sit by my window and smile at them, sitting back in my chair and rocking ever so carefully. Each year, the anxiety for the chance that will bring to me to some contentment, that perfect image of my dreams that shows itself clearly every Halloween, and the only reason my heart skips a beat for the harvest holiday, my special time for him . It brings me back to a time of teaching art and carved pumpkins lit by candles to illuminate their horrific or comical faces. Now, it's my time of waiting and hoping. Like an old sentinel who weathers the storm, I wait for the neighborhood children who muster the courage to walk up my front porch stairs and greet the wrinkled, old woman who lives in the house at the end of the dark cul-de-sac-the old woman who lives alone in the dark that depicts the imagery of a cantankerous, wicked witch ready to steal you away and make bread from your bones. Reminded of Grimm's Fairy Tales, I giggle to myself, hearing a faint cackle. I wait for the neighborhood children who are brave enough to come up to the old woman who now looks all wrinkled, like an archetype of the classic witch pictures, to ask for Halloween treats. I no longer bother to put out decorations or to dress in a costume. All I do is wait and pray I will once again see him . I wait because I know he'll be among them. He'll be there with his tousled copper hair, huge, bright, emerald green eyes, and beautiful, mischievous smile. I wonder how old he'll appear this year. Last year, he had seemed to be old enough for high school. But I sigh, and wait for my encounter, praying I will see him again. I wait because deep, down inside, I know he'll be among them-his copper mane flying amuck in different directions on his head, those bright, emerald eyes crinkling from his smile and mischievous, crooked grin sometimes baiting me. I again wonder of his age. Will he show himself still a teenager or a mature college man-maybe with a beard of ginger or maybe a five-day scruff? Though I can't understand the allure of the scruff. I have always had a very tender complexion and being kissed by a man with a five o'clock shadow holds no appeal for me. The anticipation jolts my heart in lightning speed, and I find myself looking from side to side. A light mist of speckled-colored raindrops reflecting the light from the street lamp begin to form circular patterns of an opening door to a magic portal. I sense a change. From the house two doors down, four young men exit and approach a parked car near the front of my driveway. The boys chatter and turn to look at me and all chant, "Candy." Two of the boys look at me for permission, and I extend the bowl towards them, and they make their way up my driveway. Both wrap a massive hand into the bowl filled with chocolate delights and sweet treats. The third one nods his head and does the same. But the fourth, the one with the watchful, crooked grin and gentle manner, stands before me taking only two pieces and taking in my stare. My eyes speak to him of remembrance, and I whisper, "You were a little boy last year, and the years before as I've watched you age." I huff. "Maybe some day we will match in our timeline." He looks at me with a knowing smirk. I muster the courage to once again ask his name. "What's your name, young man?" His beautiful smile flashes brighter, melting this old woman's heart. "Edward Cullen, Miss Bella. You don't remember me? I see you every year at Halloween. It's good to see you again." Like a wisp of smoke on the wind that rises within the speckled-colored raindrops, Edward fades from sight, taking another piece of my heart and I want more. Slowly standing, I straighten myself erect, holding an empty bowl, when did it become empty? When the four boys left, it was still half full. Hadn't it been? Then, dragging my chair through the door and turning off the porch light, I turn to look out the window, and the vision of him gone, for now, knowing I will probably only see him now only in my dreams until next Halloween. I shake my head not understanding why. I huff and mumble to myself, "This has been going since I moved into this neighborhood over twenty years ago when I was hired as the new art teacher at Forks High." I lock the front door and go into my kitchen, placing the bowl in the sink and looking around. I huff again. "I came to Forks for a new life." Tears flow in rivulets down my cheeks. "Mom and Dad were killed in a house fire; I ended a three-year relationship, and didn't feel like I belonged there anymore. I had nowhere to really go." I sit at the kitchen island with my head in my hands quietly sobbing. "I just don't understand. I had many schools to choose from, but Forks was like a magnet that drew me to it despite the lower pay, but it just felt so right." I wipe my eyes. "I came here leaving nothing behind me-no lover, no family, and no friends. I was totally alone and comfortable that no one could hurt me here." And I nod remembering... The only word that comes to mind about Forks is green as I drive past the population sign of 3,688-well, now, it's 3,689. I settle into my new, sweet life of small home and school, no romantic relationships, just casual acquaintances with the other teachers, and all is well. Then, in regular intervals, I begin to see him. My first encounter with him is the saunter of a confident boy who walks into my classroom only to disappear into the supply closet. Then, later in the day, I discover a rather well-rendered pencil drawing of myself with the artist's initials at the bottom: E.C. Then, I begin to see him throughout the hallways and in the parking lot. I truly accept my dream and impatiently await the next time. The drawing is in my bedroom. It has hung there now for more years than I really want to think about, framed and on my wall. Aw, and the gifts of one yellow rose. Occasionally, I would discover on my welcome mat the one perfect yellow rose with a white ribbon carefully tied in a bow and a tiny scrap of paper to it with the initials of E.C. I am brought back to myself leaning on the kitchen's breakfast bar by the sounds of the tea kettle whistling. The memory of my favorite flower has been hidden within my mind-no one else's knowledge, just my secret within my sad heart. I turn off the flames under the kettle and leave the kitchen. "I never quite knew how he knew." I shake my head and wipe under my eyes with the palms of my hands. Every flower now has a place of distinction in a scrapbook, saved, pressed and dated. I rarely look at them anymore because they make me sad. I miss him. Now, every time I leave my house for work or shopping, I keep my eyes open, just in case, hoping for a brief glimpse, but I always know I'll see him close to and on Halloween for sure. I declare, "I'm not a cougar." I smack my hand on the railing on the stairs with frustration and begin to my slow climb. "I believe that's what it's called when a much older woman wants a much younger man. No, I had dreams about him for years before I ever saw him-a beautiful man whose smile made my world turn all warm, sunny, and wonderful like no other man had ever been able to do before. It's as though we are meant to be together but are out of time synchronization with each other. There's nothing I can do but wait and see what happens next." Exhausted, I sit down in my wingback chair in my bedroom, running my hands through my hair. "When I'd finally figured out what appeared to be happening-a sort of a haunting-I began to search for him at other holidays. However, it seems that only at school and Halloween would I be able to see him. I spent all my holidays alone watching movies. At one point, I decided to volunteer at the children's ward of the Forks hospital. I only did that one year. I didn't see Edward there and knew that I wouldn't." I huff, again. "So, my years crawled by, waiting." On the day before the Halloween, I am admitted to the hospital due to a mild heart attack. The cardiologist assures me it is something that is normal for a woman in my age range. I am sad that I won't see Edward. I want to know how old he'll be. I am Lying in the hospital bed with all the monitors connected to me beeping, lulling me into sleeping, when I heard a gentle voice. "Miss Bella? Are you awake? I can't come in if you're not awake." It's Edward. I feel someone clasping my hand. I feel a calming sensation coming over me and feel myself becoming more awake, even though I think