An Ageless War (My entry in the Fandom for Animals compilation) Summary: An Epic battle occurs in Forks Washington without its residents even knowing that it's happening. Luckily for humanity, the goddess's of old are working to secure the health and happiness for them all. Join Sekhmet and Bast ( who take on the personas of Rosalie Hale and Angela Weber ) to form the front line in this battle for humanities safety. Warnings: Mythical Creatures interacting with humans this was Disclaimer: Ms. Meyer owns all things Twilight. These characters and storyline are mine. A/N: Many, many thanks to my beta JoanOfArt without whom I'd make no sense. ~o0o~ An Ageless War Mau walked through the desert, her paws barely leaving tracks in the shifting sand. She was larger than her domesticated sisters and brothers who lived in the villages and temples. Her coloring was such that when she paused to sniff the air or listen for sounds, she always blended in with the background. This morning though, Mau was on a mission. She'd been summoned to a Temple far into the desert away from all human habitats. Something big was about to happen and she knew she'd be told what it was when she reached her destination. Mau heard and smelled Sekhmet long before she saw the tawny colored lioness coming over the high dunes. Mau sat down and waited for her sister to arrive. Hail Bast! called Mau . She of The Sun and The Moon, Goddess of the Hearth! Sekhmet's voice spoke in Mau's head. Hail Sekhmet, She of a Thousand Names! Protector of Man; Destroyer of the Enemies of the Light! Mau thought back to the lioness. When Sekhmet reached Mau, a purr rumbled in her chest. Bast answered with her own deep purr and rose on her hind legs as Sekhmet dipped her head down so they could rub noses in greeting. If someone had seen the two felines together, they would have been surprised that the cat didn't run away from the lioness and that the smaller feline had risen when the lioness reached the point that placed them side by side as they fell into step together. The second surprise would have been the lack of tracks left in their wake as they traveled across the desert sands. In a short space of time, as far as the travelers were concerned, they arrived at their destination. When they they reached the boundary, the air seemed to shimmer around them as they crossed over into a beautiful oasis unable to be seen by human eyes. Through a mutual agreement, they stopped and lapped up the cool waters offered by the oasis. After refreshing themselves, they padded their way to the other side of the open water. Once again they reached another unseen boundary where the air shimmered as they crossed the invisible line. Together, they mounted the steps to gain entrance into the many columned temple of Aset, called Isis by the Greeks; the Mother of All. ~o0o~ She stood waiting for them in all her brilliant white and magnificent radiant glory. "Daughters, I have a task for you." They smiled and bowed their heads awaiting her instructions. "You will need to assume human form to carry out this task. I'm sending you to what's called the United States of America in the year 2014 in a small town called Forks, Washington. There has been an unusual outbreak of vermin there. You are to discover why this is, and take care of it." Then the radiance vanished with nothing left but a shimmer. ~o0o~ By the time they'd left the Inner Sanctum, they were both transformed into tall humanoids with long flowing sandy and amber colored hair. The one who'd been the lioness was now dressed in a form fitting sarong colored the red of the sand. Her eyes were the same golden color as the lioness' she'd been minutes before. She would be considered beautiful by human standards. The large cat that was, is now dressed in a similar fashion as her companion, only her's was silver and gold swirled together that if a human had seen it they would have thought it looked like the pattern of a sand funnel as it crossed the desert. Her eyes were the same color as her companion's; golden. The casual observer would have been shocked to see that neither woman left any footprints in the sand as they made their way through the temple to their destination. Then, they just winked out. ~o0o~ It was chaotic. Phones ringing incessantly and the low growl of men's voices under their breaths. The atmosphere in the police station was one of growing aggregation and just generally being pissed off at the situation that was filling all their minds as well as consuming all their time. The usually sleepy small town of Forks, Washington was in a complete upheaval. Ben scrubbed his face and not for the first time this morning he was wishing he'd stayed in bed after all. It was his day off for Christ sake ! He reached for the telephone on his desk that wouldn't be quiet. "Police Chief Ben Cheney speaking. May I help you?" It was all Ben could do to keep the aggravation he felt out of his voice. The damned phone had done nothing but ring all morning. The good people of Forks were out to drive him insane. Hell they must have all gone insane over night . "Yes ma'am. You're about the tenth person to call me this morning about the problem." Listening. "No ma'am I have no idea." Listening. Grimacing. "No ma'am. I don't shoot four legged rats." He slammed the phone receiver down, disgusted. Grinding his teeth, "Ted! Get your ass in here." Ben bellowed. A tall lanky young man comes pelting into Ben's office. "Yes sir?" The phones were all ringing, begging for attention. "Get someone in here to answer these damned phones. I'm fucking sick and tired of answering all the calls about," Ben shivers, "rats and mice." Ben Cheney was a tall, well built man in his mid forties. His one fear was rodents. If he had nightmares they were about rodents. "And you stay on the phones until you get someone in here to do it. Now move !" The lanky young man took off quickly thinking maybe he could get his girl friend to come in and answer the police station's phones. ~o0o~ Two women suddenly appeared at the city limits of Forks, Washington USA. They were standing next to the sign that welcomed them. Of course it was raining. Hard. Sekhmet's and Bast's eyes met. Together they moved swiftly into the trees so they were not visible to anyone who would not be looking for the pair. The police station was the first public building they came to. Upon entering, they found a young man sitting at the front desk with a telephone at his ear and his eyes closed. "Yes, sir. We've been made aware of the problem." Listening. "Our advice is to contact an exterminator." He listened, "Have you tried the Yellow Pages?" Again, listening. "No sir, I'm not trying to be funny." Ted's head jerked and he pulled the phone's receiver away from his ear quickly putting the receiver back into its cradle. "Prick." He mumbled under his breath. One of the women standing in front of Ted's desk cleared her throat. "Ahem." Ted's eyes flew open. The sight that greeted him caused his jaw to drop. Two of the most stunningly beautiful women he'd ever seen were standing in front of him. Ted's mouth seemed to have lost the ability to form words. "Errr. Yesss. May I help you?" was all he'd managed to stammer out. The full bodied, and richly curved blond spoke, "Yes, thank you. Our car is just out of town broken down. We were sitting there for at least two hours but no one passed us. So we decided to walk into town." "And it's raining!" The gorgeous brunette spoke up as she wiped the moisture from her face. "We're wet to the the skin and need to get some dry clothing on! Would it be possible for us to get a ride to a hotel?" Ted was at a loss for words. He could not take his eyes off the visions in front of him. He was lost in wondering what the women would look like without clothing. Their eyes were the same golden color. Strange for the hair and skin coloring. He shook his head. Finding his tongue finally, Ted said, "If you'll have a seat, I'll be with you in a moment. We're currently in the middle of a crisis." He ran his hands through his brown hair and looked up at Ben. "What's going on out here Ted? And who the hell are you talking to?" Ben barked. What Ben saw, made him come to a screeching halt, spilling some of the coffee from his ever present cup. He, however, was quicker coming to his senses than Ted had been. True these were two of the most beautiful women he'd ever seen, but they were only human after all - just as he was. Extending his hand, Ben walked up first to the tall stunning blond bombshell and then to the equally gorgeous brunette. "Hello. I'm Police Chief Ben Cheney. How may I be of assistance?" That's when Ted decided to insert himself back into the conversation. "Excuse me Chief, these ladies had some car trouble at the city limits and walked all the way over here looking for help." He smiled sweetly at the pair. "I was just about to call someone in to look after the desk while I helped them get their car towed." The tall blond extended her hand to Ben. "I'm Rosalie Sekhem," she said as she firmly grasped his hand. "My companion's name is Angela Ailuros." Happy to make your acquaintance, Chief. Now, can we please get somewhere to change out of our soaking wet clothes before we get too awful a chill?" Angela pleaded. Frowning, then turning to Ted, "You'll call someone in, just like I ordered you to do already, and I'll assist them in getting their vehicle taken care of." Ben pulled his prowler keys from his pocket and motioned for the ladies to show him where their car was. At that exact moment, the air once again shimmered near the "Welcome to Forks Washington" sign and suddenly an Aston Martin Rapide, painted Candy Apple Red, took form. ~o0o~ "Is this your vehicle?" asked Chief Cheney, as he pulled past the beautiful and very expensive looking car. He flipped a "U" turn expertly pulling behind it and switched on the "Christmas Tree" lights atop the patrol car. Even if it hadn't been the correct one, he would have had to do something about it right then anyway. It was his job. Putting the prowler into park and opening the driver side door, "Let's get your luggage out and into the prowler's trunk, then we'll deal with getting the tow truck out here." Ben didn't wait for either woman to say anything. The two women looked at each other and before the lid to the trunk was raised, it was packed full of suitcases of various sizes in two separate colors. "Wow," Ben simply said as he viewed the full trunk. Mentally he was trying to figure out just how the hell he was going to get all of the luggage inside the patrol car along with the two women. ~o0o~ As the police prowler pulled away from the front of the Forks Bed and Breakfast that Chief Cheney had delivered the two women to, Bast and Sekhmet looked at each other. " Human males. " It was a statement of fact. " The are so easily led ." And with that they ascended the steps to the front entrance of