idk why im so obsessed with babies and pregnancies, but here you go, have another one Katniss was late. Well, her period was the one that was late. Not that it had a specific schedule to begin with, but Katniss was pretty sure she hadn't seen her little friend in over two months. And that wasn't supposed to happen. As she explained this to Madge Undersee, quietly of course because the mayor was right down the hall in his office, Madge scowled. "I mean, you did just fight twenty-two other kids in an arena, it could be stress. My mom gets stressed out all the time, and she told me she misses periods a lot, too." Katniss glanced out of Madge's window, looking down at the streets of District 12. The only person she could really talk about these kinds of things to was Madge. Katniss didn't have any other friends other than Gale Hawthorne or her little sister Prim, and she knew neither of them were even an option. "Plus, didn't yours come late anyways? Because you were malnourished around the time you were supposed to get it, didn't you get your period when you were fifteen?" "Yeah," Katniss said, pulling her knees up and resting her chin against her arms. "But it's been pretty regular since." "Your mother's a healer. Why don't you ask her? I'm a girl, but I'm no healer." Katniss shrugged, the real reason she couldn't go to her mother nagging at her. She couldn't tell her mother. She didn't want to tell anyone, but someone had to know what was going on. Madge didn't say anything else which made Katniss feel a little better. At least she wasn't pressuring her to tell her anything. "Madge," Katniss said after a few silent moments. Madge had been braiding her hair. As she reached for a pink ribbon to secure it, Katniss whispered, "I think I'm pregnant." The pink ribbon remained in its spot on the dresser and Madge turned to Katniss with her eyes wide. They really weren't that good of friends, but Madge had given Katniss the pin that she used as her district token and she even came to say goodbye to her on Reaping Day. They were slowly growing closer together. There wasn't any forced conversation between them, and if Katniss wanted to brood, Madge gladly let her. She was probably the only friend Katniss had in the entire district besides Gale. Or maybe Peeta, but they weren't really friends. Katniss wasn't exactly sure what to call someone who fought by her side in the arena. An ally, maybe. But allies didn't really have sex with each other, did they? "What?" Katniss didn't want to repeat herself. She knew Madge heard. " Pregnant? Katniss!" "Shh!" Katniss hissed. "Your father will hear." "Holy shit," Madge whispered. "Yeah," Katniss whispered. She thought telling someone would make her feel better, but so far, it wasn't working. "Do you know for sure? Have you taken a test?" "A test?" Katniss asked, frowning. She had seen plenty of women come into her house, looking for answers, and the only way she knew that her mother could tell was through an examination and that was the absolute last thing Katniss wanted. "Yes, a test. You can buy them at the market. Probably not at the Hob." "I've never heard of tests before." "You should buy one. You need to make sure. I could go with you if you'd like." Katniss was taken aback at her calm voice and her suggestion. Katniss couldn't bear to go the market by herself and buy a pregnancy test. She didn't even know what a pregnancy test was, let alone how to find one. Katniss swallowed hard and nodded. "Okay." "So is it…Gale's?" Katniss squinted at Madge and she felt her face redden. She had a feeling someone would mention him. "No," Katniss finally answered. Madge didn't ask about anyone else because she probably knew by then who it was. Peeta. None of it was supposed to happen. The sex, the possible baby, any of it. It was a slip up on both of their parts. Peeta was supposed to be hurt about the lies she told in the arena, and Katniss was supposed to avoid him completely. That's how she knew everything was going to play out as soon as he said, "One more time? For the audience?" But then the nightmares started. Katniss couldn't sleep, couldn't really eat, either. They were haunting her, awake or asleep. The only time she found comfort was in Peeta's arms and he wasn't there. Until he wanted her, too. Katniss would quietly find herself inside his house and he would pull her into his arms and they would sleep. When she woke up screaming, he could comfort her with gentle words and his arms. Gentle words turned to gentle kisses and gentle kisses turned to gentle touches. They never talked about the fact that Katniss didn't love him. She cared for him, she couldn't lie about that, but she didn't love him like he loved her. And he seemed okay with that. Suddenly, Madge's bedroom door opened and her father poked his head in. Katniss always liked Mayor Undersee. "Hey, Katniss. Are you staying for dinner?" he asked. Katniss stood up and lifted her game bag onto her shoulder. She stopped by to drop off some strawberries she gathered that morning and ended up staying a lot longer than planned. She didn't really expect she was going to tell Madge she thought she was pregnant. Katniss usually liked to keep her business to herself, but Madge seemed so understanding that Katniss brought her missing period up without even really thinking about it. "No, thank you. I've got to head home." "I'll see you tomorrow, Katniss," Madge said as if they planned anything for tomorrow. Katniss only nodded and slipped by Madge's father. "Goodbye," she said to the both of them before she quietly walked down the stairs and out of the house. Her next stop was the bakery, which she should have been by hours ago. The squirrels in her bag weren't exactly fresh, but she knew the baker wouldn't mind. Katniss entered through the front door, knowing Mrs. Mellark was in the kitchen at this time of night and she didn't want to get Peeta's father in trouble. But when she stepped inside, it wasn't Mr. Mellark who was in the front. It was Peeta. "Hey," he said as she approached. Thinking about him and the conversation she just had with Madge made her feel sick. She swallowed around the lump in her throat and she offered him a small smile. "Hi," she replied. She lifted her game bag up onto the counter, knowing Peeta wouldn't mind. "Are those the squirrels my dad's been asking about all day?" Peeta teased, leaning his hands against the counter. "Yep," Katniss answered. Peeta took them from her and set them behind the counter. Then he straightened and frowned at her. "Are you okay?" "What?" Katniss asked, wondering if he somehow knew. No, there was no possible way he knew. Even she wasn't sure if she was really pregnant or not. "You look…sick. Or upset." "No," Katniss said quickly. "No, I'm fine." She grabbed her bag off of the counter and tried to smile to convince him. "Are you sure?" "Yeah. I have to go. I'll see you later," Katniss said. She left before he could ask any more questions because she wasn't quite sure she could lie to him. That night when Katniss woke up from a nightmare, she rolled over and curled into a ball. Her body was telling her to go to Peeta and crawl into his arms. She wanted to lay her head on his chest and listen to his heartbeat to confirm he was still alive, but she couldn't bring herself to walk three houses down. She didn't fall back asleep, but when she found her way downstairs to the kitchen for breakfast, she saw her mother and Peeta were already there. The smell of the fresh bread made Katniss's stomach growl, but the smell of whatever her mother was preparing caused her stomach roll. She held her breath as she crossed the kitchen to grab a piece of bread. "Good morning," Peeta said. He was slicing the bread carefully and as Katniss got closer he held out a piece for her. She took it and bit into it. She chewed slowly, one arm wrapped around her stomach. Someone knocked on the door and Katniss's mother was the first to reach it. "Oh, good morning Ms. Everdeen." Katniss recognized Madge's voice immediately and she set the bread back down on the table. Peeta gave her a curious look as she passed by him, but she ignored it. "Hey, Katniss," Madge said as Katniss stepped in front of her mother. She didn't really think Madge was going to take her to get a test or whatever those things were. "Hi," Katniss said slowly. She was feeling sick again, just like the day before in the bakery. "Are you ready to go?" Katniss blinked at her as her mother stepped away from the door and moved back into the kitchen to finish breakfast. Madge leaned forward and lowered her voice. "If you want one, right now is the best time to get it because the market isn't busy this time of day." Katniss swallowed and took a second to think. She'd rather be sure than be terrified to death until she started showing or maybe never showing at all. "Fine," Katniss whispered. "Hi, Madge." Katniss jumped at the sound of Peeta's voice and she felt her face redden terribly. "I'll be down in a second. I'll go change." She ducked underneath Peeta's arm and went to her room to change out of her pajamas. By the time she made it back down, Peeta was gone and she was relieved. "Where are you going?" Katniss's mother asked. "We're just going to the go on a walk around the district," Madge lied smoothly. Prim choose that moment to sleepily step down the stairs. "'Bye," Katniss said. She stepped outside and shut the door behind her. "How are you doing?" Madge asked. Her blue eyes were kind and Katniss suddenly felt a huge sense of relief. She felt right to tell Madge, even if they weren't that great of friends. She was kind and understanding. Much like Peeta, but Katniss pushed that realization away. "Okay," Katniss said, shrugging. She squinted into the sun for an excuse not to talk as they walked down the dirt road. When they reached the market, a place Katniss rarely ever visited because the Hob was more comforting to her, Madge put her hand on Katniss's arm and told her to wait outside. "Why?" Katniss asked. "Because I'm sure the Mayor's daughter buying a pregnancy test would be far less entertaining than the Girl on Fire buying one." Katniss nodded. She didn't even think about gossip spreading. What if it found its way to Peeta or even Gale? She wouldn't be surprised if it did, so she willingly waited outside. Madge emerged five minutes later with something inside a paper bag. "You can take it at my house." Katniss stared at the little stick, frowning. "Madge," she called, opening the bathroom door. "Yeah?" "What am I supposed to do?" She couldn't quite wrap her head around the white stick that determined pregnancy. She felt insanely stupid. "You just…pee on this end," Madge said, flipping the stick around so the skinnier side was up. "And a little cross means yes and a minus means no." "These are really weird," Katniss said. "You should see the ones in the Capitol. These aren't nearly as advanced as those." Katniss shut herself in the bathroom again and her hands shook as she held the stick. Her breathing was shallow and she realized she could actually be pregnant .