Discliamer:don'town. A Thranduil fic, because it needed to be done. Why is Thranduil so obsessed with gold? This is my reason. Surrounded by Gold The first time Elrond ever saw Prince Thranduil of Greenwood was at the last alliance of Elves and Men. Standing regally behind his father, the only son and heir of the Greenwood royal throne. He wore only the light armour of a tracker and carried both a bow and a sword, he wore no helm as his kin folk around him did, but allowed his long golden hair to flow freely down his back. He was beautiful, a flower among thorns, as his kinsfolk seemed when around him. Elrond studied the young prince, for he was young, only one thousand and eight years old. He had an almost innocent look about him, as if he had been sheltered most of his life from real battles. Elrond envied him greatly his youthful cast, he himself having lost his many thousands of years before this great battle. He hoped no evil would befall this child, but just looking at him brought foreboding to Elronds mind, the child would not remained untouched in this war. But though he saw the prince he did not speak to him, nor even meet him formally for the duration of the war, though he heard many tails of the great leadership this child showed, in leading his men into and out of battle, it was something Elrond was only know learning to do with the grace of Thranduil. Four months before the end of the war, a battalion of Greenwood elves returned from battle, leaderless. Thranduil had fallen, slain by an orc blade. All the elves, and most of the humans were saddened by this loss, Thranduil had often turned up with his warriors to beat back the seemingly unstoppable hoards of orcs and other such foul beings, when all hope seemed lost. And he was gone, cut down in the prime of his life. His father took it hard, and his own leadership skills left him as he grieved for his lost son, he was killed himself less than two weeks later and was found, pierced by the spears of four dead rock trolls who had attacked the camp in the dead of night, a brave death, he had saved a lot of men from death that night. And so ended the royal house of Greenwood. Or did it? x Thranduil opened his eyes against the harsh glare of the sun, his mouth was filled with a coppery taste-blood. He hazily wondered where he was, the last he remembered was falling under the feet of thousands of advancing orcs. As if on que his wounds screamed with pain, he could not repress the small cry of pain that escaped him. He tried to move, to ease the discomfort, but found he could not. His arms were pinned behind him, bound with strong rope and leather, as were his legs. What made the bindings worse was the fact that his left wrist was broken, he could feel it move beneath the skin as he tried the ropes. He willed his elvish healing abilities to concentrate on his worse wounds, the huge gaping hole in his shoulder where an orc sword had taken him down. He cried out again in pain as he was lifted bodily from the ground and shaken roughly. He struggled to focus his eyes on the attacker-an orc! "So you wake." it spat, flinging him back to the ground. All his broken bones jarred, he gasped. "You are too pretty elf!" it growled, "We must remedy that!" It kicked him in the face, breaking his nose. It picked him up again by the hair, he spat the blood in his mouth at it. "You will pay elf!" it slammed him back to the ground, kicking him repeatedly, before stopping. Thranduil did not like the smile he could see on the orcs face. It took what looked like a mace from it's belt, Thrandul could not tell through the blood in his eyes. The orc rolled him over until he was face down in the churned up mud. Thranduil screamed as the mace slammed down again and again on his back, breaking his spine, his arms and then his legs. The orc laughed at his pain. His head was telling him not to give the foul creature the satisfaction of seeing him in pain, but the breaking of every bone in his body did much to over shout the warrior part of his brain. Unconsciousness would not come, he could not escape it. The orc once again lifted him up. "Still to pretty." it hissed, it removed a knife from it's belt and sawed off the length of Thranduils golden hair, leaving it short and uneven. "Still to pretty." the orc repeated. "But we shall cure that, I will take you to my master, he will change that, you will become like me..." the creature laughed. Thranduil slipped away finally. When Thranduil awoke again it was night, he could not see the stars as he would have wished, his body ached from the beating he had received-how long ago? It couldn't have been more than two days, his healing had only just come into effect, he could feel the muscles of his torn shoulder knitting back together and the smaller bones were repairing themselves, slowly but they were mending. He still could not move, and it disturbed him deeply to be bound, as he was one used to freedom, to being able to go and do as he pleased. The orc was there again, standing above him, the mace dangling from it's foul claws. "You heal fast elf, a human would have died from the beating I gave you, yet you heal, this annoys me elf." Thranduil closed his eyes and waited for the torturous punishment, but none came. He opened his eyes to find the Orc squatting down beside him. "I will test steel on you my pretty one." it smiled a gruesome smile, showing it's blackened teeth. The prince watched with growing fear as the Orc removed the knife it had used to take off his hair from it's belt. It ran the blade down his face, leaving a shallow cut from the forehead to the chin. Then to the shoulder, where it dug to point deep into the flesh, turning it this way and that. Thranduil cried out as the steel knocked bone. Grinning the Orc took another knife from it's belt and with a quick motion pushed it through Thranduils elbow, the blade sawed through the bone easily. The Orc removed the blade and licked the blood from it, still grinning. Thranduil swallowed and prayed to the Valor to let the Orc end this, but the Valour were not listening to his plea, for death did not come, the Orc continued to jab the dagger into his arms and legs, making cuts of various depth and width along his face and torso. "We will be there soon pretty one, and you shall be turned into a thing of the night, into a shadow, all your beauty will be gone." the Orc hissed softly, and muttered something to it's self in it's own guttural language, before looking back down at the elf. "Soon, very soon..." It laughed, and Thranduil closed his eyes. There was no hope, everyone believed him dead, he knew, because he could remember the shouts of 'the leader has fallen retreat'. No one would come after him. Now Thranduil wished he had died in that battle, he had never experienced such pain in his life. He was to sheltered in youth to be able to fight back against the Orc, he was too weak... They were there, as the Orc had said, at the gates to the dark city. Thranduil was barely conscience after the beating he had received earlier at the hands of the Orc, the last, the Or had said, he would receive from it, once they passed the gates he would be taken deep in to the dungeons of Saurons tower and be changed. Undergo intense torture given by the privileged Orcs of the army, and the Ring Wraith's, they would poisoning his mind, destroy him mentally The Orc spoke of it like it was a great honour. To an Orc maybe it was, but to Thranduil it was going to be be hell on Middle Earth. He knew the stories of where Orc's originated from, and though he hated to admit it they were of his kindred, not perhaps of his people but of the elven kindred, though it was hard to believe that anything so disgusting could have possibly been an elf, but that was how the stories went. He was taken roughly from the Orc who had carried him here, into darkness, and carted unceremoniously down dark and empty streets towards an even darker tower. x It hurt. He didn't know how long he had been with the Orc, but he knew for a fact that he had received twelve beatings in his time with it, but in between times he had been unconscious. He was hungry also, he had been given no food, nor water. He was stained with blood, inside as well as out, he could feel the blood swirling in places of his body they should not have been, and had done after the Orc had kicked him extremely hard in the stomach about four beatings back. He could barely breath as they threw him into a dark cell, his hands and feet still bound, left him, locking the door as they went-one couldn't be too careful with elves. He was left alone, in the dark, with his pain, waiting for the unenviable that was to come. For the first time in eight hundred years he wept... x It hurt! He could feel his body twisting into a withered, disgusting shape, his bones reforming to match those of the Orc kin. The clamped iron chains held him tightly as the Orc's bent and broke his body over and over again until he screamed in agony, and until the bone reset in the way which they wanted. "Stop!" he screamed, over and over, but it never stopped, for too long was he treated thus, he could not remember anything beyond the pain, the agony, the torture. He did not know how many days had passed, but it felt like weeks... "Still too pretty." he could hear the Orc's spit above him, it had been said so many times that he knew what it meant in Elvish, in common. "Still too pretty." He didn't feel pretty-he felt dirty, used, ill treated, sore from the constant abuse he was receiving. "Take him back to his cell, we are done, tell the changers that they shall have their go now." Thranduil had gone beyond screaming now, he passed in and out through darkness, and prayed to the Valor to have mercy and to let him die. But the Valor did not take away the pain. So Thranduil suffered-for what? He had tried many times to reach that inner calm that would allow him to take his own life if he so wished, where he could pass on peacefully-but the Orc's seemed to know about this, and made sure he could never reach it, they always brought him back to reality to early, laughing at him, calling him weak. But he didn't care, he wanted to die, to leave the pain behind him. But they wouldn't let him. And soon he would never be able to reach that inner calm ever again. x They had come, the 'changers', not that Thranduil cared, he hurt to much to care, what could they do that had not already been done? A lot. He was well aware that they never physically touched him, which concerned the elf no end, as Orc's relished hurting those