Disclaimer:don'town. Yet another Thranduil story. What would a father do if hs youngest and most precious son was kidnapped by a man Thranduil thought was on prison. Shadows of the Past Principal Elrond Evenstar of Rivendell boarding school sat in his office at the end of August, on a day that could well have come in the middle of winter, raining and miserable. Rivendell was as much an orphanage as a school, and Elrond was like a father to them all, feeling a lot of love for them, as his late wife-God rest her soul- had been an orphan in her time. He sat in his office, watching seven of his students, only two of which were orphans, Strider (as called by his friends) and Gimli, the others, Frodo, Merry, Merry's cousin Pippin, Boromir and Sam, lived very close by, and spent as much time herein the Summer as they did during the school year. The phone on his desk rang, he picked it up. "Rivendell boarding school, Principal Elrond Evenstar speaking." He intoned, wondering if he sounded like a machine, he hated to sound like that. "Elrond." Elrond relaxed back into his seat. "Thranduil, lovely to here from you, anything I can do?" "Elrond, I want my son's name erased from your school's databanks." "What!?" Elrond exclaimed, leaning forward. "Why?" "Does it matter why? I just want it done, he will not be returning to your school." "That's cold Thranduil," Elrond said, looking down at the seven boys playing football in the rain. "He's just settled down; you know how hard it can be to switch from private tutoring to mainstream." "I feel he would be better off at home." "You're not telling me everything." Elrond guessed. "He's made friends, they'll be sad to see him go, and you know as well as I do that he won't be happy about it." "I don't care Elrond, my son will be safer at home than at your school, and if you do not wipe his name I will have someone else do it." Elrond sighed, it was useless to argue with Thranduil, he was a man used to getting what he wanted, he was by no means a demanding man, though at times his natural authority came very close. "Alright, consider it done my friend" he said. "Thank you Elrond." Elrond heard the relief in his voice as he said those three words, and he wondered at what might be the problem. They made their goodbyes and hung up. Elrond once again looked outside, oh the joys of life, to tell someone's close friends that he wasn't coming back again. Thranduil Greenleaf was the owner of Mirkwood Industries, the largest company worldwide, and though he could successfully run the company, manage to fend off people who were pressuring him to sell, understand all the mechanics of industry and business. He could do and understand all this, yet he could never figure out the workings of a teenage mind, he was prepared for shouts, curses, a lot of slamming doors and stomping around, as tended to happen when Maeta, Estil and Juani were teenagers. But Legolas was the mildest of the four, he did not storm out, or shout about how much he wished his father was dead as did most, if not all children at some point in their life. He simply fell silent, bright hazel eyes darkening and filling with tears that he refused to shed before his father. The silence chilled Thranduil's heart to its very core. He didn't stop Legolas to try and explain why he would not be returning to the school, he watched as his fair haired son left, going to his room to make plans. Elrond gathered Legolas's friends together and told them that he would not be returning to school, that he was transferring to a private school. It saddened them to think that he was gone. It was the main topic of conversation, the name Legolas would echo round the near empty corridors of the school and dormitory. Elrond knew, that in the ways of all boys, they would soon forget Legolas, and he began to hope that they would not; he had a feeling that sometime in the future Legolas was going to need all the friends he had. The semester began, and Elrond had cause for concern when on the first day of class's three of his students had missed the whole day, he knew for a fact that they had signed in, two of them were there pretty much permanently, Gimli and Strider, the third was little Pippin, who was only starting his second year in the school. He checked in their rooms, none of the beds had been slept in and their roommates had not seen them, and Merry was running around asking for Pippin, but no one had seen the three boys. Elrond made several calls to the police and finally they had arrived, and just after them came Thranduil, whom he had spoken to but not seen since he had enrolled Legolas in the school. The business man approached Elrond, wringing his hands together worriedly "Elrond, have you seen my Legolas? Did he come here?" Elrond shook his head. "No and three of my students are missing." Suddenly a light dawned in him and he added. "They were all Legolas's friends." "Something's happened, I just know it!" the distraught father cried. Elrond put an arm around his shoulders. "Come and talk to the police, they'll be found, don't you worry." he soothed, leading him inside the building. They gave the officer descriptions of the four boys, the officer recognized Thranduil Greenleaf, and knew that a kidnapping was probably the most likely, the other three boys were just caught in the middle. "Has anything like this ever happened before, sir?" the officer asked. Thranduil shook his head, but a dark memory clouded his usually clear green eyes. "Something else?" the man asked, he had children of his own, he could relate. Thranduil took a deep breath and said softly. "I don't know if this is relevant, and I hope to God that it's not, but, my son, Legolas, was raped when he was nine by Suruman Istari's son." Elrond was taken aback and shocked, he had never heard any of this, Legolas had never shown sign's of a troubled past, and Elrond was trained to read all the signs. "Would this be Suron Istari by any chance?" the officer asked. Thranduil nodded, becoming anxious. "Is something wrong officer?" Elrond asked. "Suron Istari was released from prison two months ago, I'm surprised you were not informed sir." the officer replied. Thranduil began to shake, whether from anger at not being told, or fear of what might be happening to his son, Elrond could not tell, he soon found out. "Oh God, no!" Thranduil moaned softly. "Please no..." his little boy, his Legolas. "Oh God..."he sobbed. Elrond watched Thranduil pace his office, the police had searched the school and grounds, but after finding signs of a struggle, classed it as a definite kidnapping, asking Elrond to ask the other students to come forward with any information. All they could do was wait for the ransom demand, and to call the police as soon as it arrived. "Why didn't you tell me?" Elrond asked after a time. Thranduil stopped pacing and sat down. "Because there was no need, he didn't want anybody to know." "How did it happen?" Thranduil looked at his old friend and sighed. "It was two nights after Dianna's funeral, Suruman Istari had been abroad so he was late I coming to offer his condolences, they were staying to dinner, so naturally I introduced Legolas to him, his wife and their son. I didn't notice the interest that Suron was taking in Lee, I guess I was too caught up in my own grief. "I saw the Istari's off, sent Lee to bed and went out for the night. When I came home I was told that he had been calling for me, so I went up to his room and found the door locked, I knew something was wrong, Legolas never locks his door! So I called his name and heard someone move inside. "Elrond I swear I almost killed him for it, when I finally got the door open to see him there, in Lee's room! I knew what he had done and I almost throttled him there and then..." Thranduil clenched his teeth, and furiously dashed tears from his eyes. "That's not all is it?" Elrond prompted. Thranduil shook his head wearily. "I took them to court, sued and had the little bastard sent to prison! But he said something on the stand that I wish I could forget. I can't remember the question exactly, but he said. "From my point of view it wasn't rape, it was marking and claiming what is mine." If the court guard had been within arms reach I would have had the gun and shot him right there!" Thranduil fumed. Elrond could never remember his friend ever getting this emotional, but there was something more. "And?" "Well I didn't kill him, unfortunately, he turned to look directly at me and said "I can't wait to try again." I must have went for him, because the next thing I knew Maeta and Estil were holding me back. Why wasn't I told?!" Thranduil cried. "We don't know if it's even the Istari boy who has him Thran." Elrond said. "Don't give me that crap Elrond! I know it's the Istari brat, I've had his father pressing me for months to sell, and how long has he been out for? Long enough to know where he goes to school! Long enough to know I don't have the money to pay a ransom over £15 million! I swear Elrond..." he trailed off. "He didn't talk to me for months, Elrond, months, it took him ages to trust me enough to touch him. Do you know how hard it is to stand by, watching your son cry through the night and not be able to hold him, to tell him it's all right. It shattered him, totally and utterly, and I swore I wouldn't let anything happen to him ever again." he sighed, his hands twisting in his lap. "I failed miserably didn't I?" Elronds heart bled for his friend. "No you didn't fail, you couldn't have anticipated this." "I should have though. He'll never trust me again." Thranduil said glumly. "He'll be alright if my three are with him, they're very close." Elrond consoled. "I hope." Thranduil sighed. Thranduil arrived home as it was getting dark, he and Elrond had talked for a while after the revelation of Legolas's past. The man was exhausted, he hadn't sat down for any significant amount of time all day, he couldn't, the worry just became too great for him. the door was opened by Estil, his second eldest. "God dad." he said. "You look how I feel." Thranduil smiled weakly. "What happened?" "Suspected kidnapping." Thranduil swallowed. Estil frowned. "Dad." Thranduil shook his head and walked past his son and into the living-room and sat down. "Dad." Estil repeated, sitting down beside him. He noticed the shake of his fathers shoulders, he became very worried. "Dad what's wrong? Did something happen?" "Suron Istari was released from prison two months ago." Thranduil whispered. Estil's eyes widened. "Why weren't we informed?!" Thranduil shrugged. "Dad you don't think-" he began. His father stood. "I hope not. I'm going to bed." "OK." As soon as Thranduil left Estil picked up the phone and dialed Maeta's office number and told him. The older brother was as shocked as the others, and immediately got the police on the phone, and in his own soft spoken way- chewed the head off them. "Thranduil." Elrond Evenstar said into the receiver. "A package just came to the school, can you come over?" eying the video