Percy Jackson watched from the kitchen table as his mother slowly paced the hallway of the apartment. She had on her nightgown and robe. The ends of the robe's belt were tucked into the pockets of the garment so they wouldn't drag along the floor and get tangled around her feet as she walked the length of the hallway, breathing deeply and evenly and stopping occasionally to breathe through contractions. It had already been a long morning, and the clock was just then chiming five. March thirty-first had started super early in the Blofis-Jackson household. His mother, who had been having light, inconsistent contractions since about ten o'clock the night before, had woke up at around three-thirty in the morning to her water breaking and contractions suddenly getting real. Percy had actually woken up on his own about the same time from yet another Tartarus-induced nightmare, and he had heard his mom and Paul up and moving around the apartment. He wasn't stupid. He knew that before the day – probably morning – was up, he would be a big brother, so instead of trying to get back to sleep, he got up, too. He wasn't sure that he would be able to help, but he wanted to be nearby and awake in case he was needed. By the time he got to the kitchen, the midwife had already been called. She was planning on being at the apartment within a couple of hours, unless things really started to speed up with Sally's labor. Until then, it was all about trying to help Sally be as comfortable and calm as possible. As it turned out, there was something for Percy to do: set up the birthing area in the living room, so he went to work doing that while Paul helped comfort his mother. Percy had to admit that he was crazy impressed with his mom. She had opted to have a home birth this time just like she had done with Percy. When he was born, she was too poor to afford a hospital birth and had gone with a midwife and home birth instead. This time, she just wanted the same experience. Apparently, she had gotten her fill of hospitals when she had been her uncle's caretaker during his fight with cancer. To this day, she avoided them if at all possible. Nevertheless, she was trooper, Percy later thought from his place in the kitchen with a bowl of Frosted Flakes. He could see how much pain she was in. Years in the demigod business had brought him up close and person with pain – whether his own or someone else's – and he knew how to spot a hurting person. Sally had sweat beading on her pale face. She had already tied up her hair. Her deep, even breathing and whispered words (spoken only when necessary) told him all that he needed to know. When contractions came, she braced herself against the wall, closed her eyes, and would concentrate only on breathing through them. Paul would rub her lower back while she gripped his free hand tightly in her own. In a way, it reminded him of Annabeth and himself during a monster fight, how they worked together seamlessly, needing nary a word or even eye contact to communicate with one another. Paul and his mom were doing the same thing: working together to complete a monumental task. Percy finished his cereal just as Paul called for him from the hallway. "Percy, could you get a hot shower going for your mother?" "No problem," Percy answered as he made his way past his parents, his mom groaning mid-contraction, to the master bathroom. In no time, he had the shower running and steam was billowing over the top of the curtain. Paul led Sally into the room just moments after Percy left it. "Thanks, Perce," his step-dad said. "Miss Waters should be here soon. Could you let her in when she arrives?" "Of course. Do you need anything else?" Percy asked. His mother had removed her robe and had already stepped into the shower, still clothed in her nightgown. He heard her moan in relief. Paul looked back towards the shower for a moment before turning back to Percy and clasping his shoulder. "I think that's all. Thanks, again, for all your help this morning. I'll call the camp landline when it's all over, yeah?" Percy nodded and gave Paul a supportive clap on the shoulder. "Yeah, that'll be good. Annabeth should be there, too. She has her cell. Good luck with everything." Paul nodded, and Percy headed back to the front of the apartment to wait for the midwife to arrive. About twenty minutes after five, the midwife buzzed up to the apartment for entrance, and Percy let her inside. It wasn't the first time he had seen the woman. In fact, he had met her a couple of times over the past several months. The first time had been just three days after he had gotten back home from the war. He hadn't been in the best shape then, still thin and pale from his trek through Tartarus and being poisoned by Polybotes. Not to mention the battles and sleepless nights and struggling with his heightened, raw nerves in one of the busiest and loudest cities in the world (something that had never bothered him before, being a native New Yorker). Suffice it to say that after a quick introduction, where he had learned her name was Nona Waters, Percy made himself scarce by trying to get a head start on studying for his placement exams for the new school year. He hadn't wanted the woman to come away with the idea that his mom would not be a perfect mother to the baby. The second time he had met her, had been just before Christmas, and he had actually taken a few minutes to speak with her before excusing himself to let his mom and the midwife get on with the appointment in privacy. Granted, he wanted to know exactly no details as to what the woman's job entailed, but he came away from the conversation with the impression that she was someone who was skilled in her profession and could be trusted with the welfare of his mom and coming sibling. This time, Nona was all business. Her short, spikey auburn hair had black tips, and she was wearing daffodil-yellow scrubs and a purple pair those weird toe shoes. The diamond stud in her nose caught the light from the apartment and shone like a tiny beacon. She unwound her scarf with one hand as she stepped through the door. "Good morning, Percy. Where is Sally?" Percy took her jacket and scarf. "She's been in the shower for the past ten minutes. Paul is with her." The woman nodded as she placed her bag on the kitchen table, glancing back to the living room where all the furniture had been pushed aside by Percy. In the middle of the floor, he had also laid out several blankets to create a soft pallet that was covered with a tarp and a sheet with pillows around the edge. There was a large tub, some towels, and blankets scattered around the area, too. Really, getting the whole room ready had taken him an hour of nonstop work, and he was a seventeen-year-old, strong demigod. He wasn't sure how his mother had done it on her own when he was born. She must have put it together ahead of time or something. "The birthing area is set up, I see. Good. Now, is she in a lot of pain?" she asked, opening her own bag and taking out her stethoscope and other tools of the trade that he really didn't want to know about. Percy rubbed the back of his neck. "Well, it seems like it to me, but she swears that it's not nearly as bad as it will be and that everything is normal." The lady smiled and nodded. "Good. Good. I'm going to go back and check on her. Sally said you planned on going somewhere until the baby is born. Everything should be fine now that I'm here. My assistant will be along shortly, so you can go on, if you want." Percy all but sighed in relief. He had been becoming increasingly panicky and uncomfortable as the morning had worn on. He had managed to stay in control of himself, but it was getting too difficult to keep at bay. He needed to get to camp and take out some anxiety on some straw dummies or unfortunate demigods; he wasn't picky. "Thanks. Paul knows where I'll be at," he said as he pulled on his jacket and tucked his keys into his pocket. Nona waved and walked down the hallway, and Percy walked out the front door, locking it behind him. 555555555 Percy and Blackjack flew into camp about half an hour later. It was so early only a handful of demigods were awake and moving around the cabins and hearth. Percy got Blackjack to the stables where the Pegasus was rewarded with a couple of doughnuts and a nice rub-down. Percy chatted with the winged horse while he brushed Blackjack's hair and smoothed his feathers. "I'm just saying, boss, there's no reason to be anxious. Your mom is great! She'll be fine and so will the foal – I mean baby." Blackjack, at least, had no worries about the baby being born. Percy let the animal ramble some more assurances as he put away the brush. Then, he patted Blackjack's flank. "Thanks, old friend. I'll let you get some sleep. Sorry for the early morning call." "Anytime, boss, so long as there are doughnuts involved!" called Blackjack. Percy walked out of the stables and headed towards the arena. He waved to a few campers as they milled about, getting ready for the day. He didn't see Annabeth or any of his close friends, though, so he decided that dummies were going to be his victims. For all of Blackjack's assurances, Percy was still anxious, but not so much for the reasons that most people – and pegasi – would think. He wasn't all that worried about his mom and the baby. Sure, he knew things could go sideways during the birth, but there were back-up plans for the back-up plan. Not to mention, Nona was no rookie, and neither was his mom. Really, he was worried about himself. He was Tyson's brother, but Tyson had come into the picture already a half-grown Cyclops. Percy may have been the older brother, but he sure wasn't the bigger brother. Then, of course, Tyson had probably kept Percy safe more often than Percy had kept Tyson safe. The only delicate, fragile thing about Tyson was his feelings, but even then, he was still a guy. Heck, these days, Tyson was asking more about girls and dating than anything else. Other conversations generally were centered around Tyson's work in the forges and with the Cyclops army and Percy's school plans and camp duties. A newborn baby sister was going to be a whole new world, one Percy was excited about, no doubt, but one he wasn't sure he was the most qualified to be part of. Percy entered the arena. He noticed a handful of newbie demigods off to one side sparring and goofing around, so he set up several dummies on the opposite side from them. He didn't say anything to the group, other than to give them a friendly nod as he passed by, but he saw the looks on their faces. It was look of wary awe. He imagined he had worn a similar look when he was in the throne room of the gods. He hadn't been at camp quite as much over the school year between the stuff with the Kanes, Annabeth's cousin Magnus, his mom's pregnancy and coming book, and