"In the Dark" And Percy thought that attracting monsters was going to be a problem. May the gods bless his parents because Sally and Paul had decided that they wanted to have the Seven, Nico, Reyna, and Calypso over to the apartment for dinner. Yes, they knew that monsters were a risk. Yes, they knew that demigod egos were a risk. Yes, Hazel did learn a few monster warding tricks to specifically place over the place once they got there so that they might be able to make it to the blue cake dessert without a monster attack. And yes, his parents still wanted nine demigods and a Titan to invade their tiny apartment anyway. So, despite the very real possibility of having half of the inhabitants of Tartarus show up at the front door, Percy made arrangements for everyone to come over. Leo and Calypso were already in the city for other plans, so they said they would just meet everyone at the apartment, but everyone else was coming together. Argus had driven them as far as the closest subway station to camp and left them to their own devices, which was, of course, the subway. However, due to an inevitable monster attack, the subway had been shut down three stops from the one for his apartment. In fact, it left them right smack in the middle of his old neighborhood, the one they had lived in with Gabe. He did his best to avoid that area since they had moved away the summer he turned thirteen, and he had done a pretty fair job of it. He had only been back about three times, and all of those times were because of monsters. He never really had any friends in the neighborhood or any reason to return, so he wasn't fussed about the situation. Now, however, he and nearly all of his closest friends were going to have to walk through it – at night – to get to his new neighborhood, and that, he decided, was worse than monsters. In a word, the neighborhood was rough. Dark, cramped streets. Drugs, thugs, lots of crime, drunk and drug-addled homeless people, pervs, the whole bit really. His mother had always cautioned him about going out at night when he was kid. Sadly, the violent situation at home often left him feeling safer on the streets when his mother was working nights. And since that "situation" demanded that he earn his keep despite Percy not being old enough to be properly employed by anyone, sometimes he made drug runs for the local dealer for a few bucks. Sure, most of the time, he hunted down legit jobs: sweeping storefronts, selling magazines, and walking dogs, but sometimes, those weren't available, and he had to resort to other measures. Basically, he knew these streets. He knew what kind of people were on them after dark, and as tough as his friends were, they still looked like easy pickings in the mortal world, which wasn't a stretch since they weren't supposed to use powers against mortals. That's not to say they couldn't defend themselves, but martial arts against a gun didn't really have the best odds. And imperial gold and celestial bronze did nothing to mortals, so their weapons were utterly useless anyway. Suffice it to say, Percy was not too keen on this particular night time stroll. They were just about to head up the stairs away from the subway crash they had caused, when Percy stopped them at the bottom of the steps. "Wait, before we go up there, there's something you need to know." His face and voice had become as hard and serious as any of them had seen it before, which before now, had always been in battle. "What is it?" Jason asked warily. Percy met every pair of eyes in the group. "Look, the neighborhood up there is rough." "We've handled rough before," Nico interrupted with an exasperated sigh. Percy glared at him. "I'm talking guns, rapists, thieves, and thugs, Nico. This isn't our normal kind of rough. Don't get jumpy. Don't get giggly. Don't get stupid. It's like you're going into battle with a hoard of monsters. Stay alert, keep your walk purposeful and calm, keep your conversation quiet and at a minimum, but not nervous. No glancing around, no being skiddish. If anyone approaches us, keep your trap shut, and let me do the talking. Don't act surprised by anything me or anyone else says. And don't mention names too loud. Got it?" The others looked a little taken aback, but murmured and nodded in agreement. He gave Jason and Annabeth one last look. "Grace, don't ask questions, at least until we get to the apartment, and Annabeth, for the next several streets, you're not my girlfriend." Annabeth looked outraged and opened her mouth to protest, but Percy cut her off. "I'm serious, Annabeth. It's best if no one in this area knows just how much you mean to me. I'm talking fatal flaw, 'sacrifice you can't make' serious." She still looked rather put-off, but she nodded anyway. "Good," Percy said. "Now, Reyna, take up the rear. Nico, you get back there with her but a half a step in front of her. Jason, you and I take the front. You a half a step behind me. Everyone else kinda make a knot in the middle. Look as natural as you can." And without another word, he led them up the stairs. The first block, everything went fine. Sure Hazel had giggled a little, once, at something Piper said, but he heard Frank shush her with half a laugh and that had been the end of it. He wasn't worried. He had even heard Thalia giggle before, and if she could get away with it, anyone could. Everyone had kept up a conversation, quiet enough to keep from attracting attention, but loud enough to not seem anxious. They were doing exactly what Percy had asked them. Really, his biggest regret so far was not making Jason take off the sweater vest, but he figured they only had to make it a few more blocks before he considered them home free. It would be fine. Percy had spotted some people hanging out in the shadows, but no one approached them. He let out a breath in relief. Unfortunately, he did it a moment too soon because just as they crossed onto the second block, a couple of guys Percy remembered from his childhood walked over to him. He could tell that they were already getting the beginnings of a high, and he hoped that that along with a separation of a few years would keep them from recognizing him. No such luck, of course. The first guy was about Percy height. He had stringy brown hair that hung down over his ears and dull brown eyes, and his skin was neither too pale nor too tan. In all honesty, Percy was sort of reminded of the color of his mother's bedroom walls: beige and bland. The second guy was short and stocky with a buzz cut. The guy was wearing an old camo army jacket, and Percy thought his eyes were the same color green. Neither guy looked particularly smart, but somehow the bland one had remembered his old neighbor. "I know you...You're John – No, no, no – Jackson, right? Yeah, Jackson. Remember, Trevor? This is Ugly-o's kid." Percy and his group had nearly stopped, and Percy looked at the duo impassively. "I think you've got the wrong guy. I don't know anyone named Jackson or 'Ugly-o.'" The short guy Trevor looked at Percy with his mouth gaped open like a guppy and his eyes narrowed. "Nah, Zane, you're right. It is Jackson. He's got that look that little PJ used to have, like he was trying to be tough, even though every body knew he was wimp, getting knocked around by a fat, ugly drunk. Heard you finally cracked, PJ. Heard you killed fatso and got locked up in a rubber room." Trevor was smiling now, and Percy remembered why he had never counted the guy as friend. Zane apparently found the whole thing funny, too, because he snorted and leered in Percy's face. "I heard it was a prison for hopeless cases, juvenile delinquents that can't be rehabbed. Bet you were the belle of the ball there." He snickered. Trevor gave a throaty chuckle. "I bet he would be a popular companion at either place. So, which is it, little PJ: the murderous nutcase or the hopeless juvie?" Tweedle-dee and Tweedle-dumb laughed again. Percy could hear his blood rushing in his ears, and he could feel the sheer rage rolling off his whole group. Jason was gritting his teeth a foot behind Percy, and he knew if he didn't do something this would get real ugly real fast. Somewhere between Jason's storm powers and Nico's control over the dead, his two childhood bullies would go from a drug-induced high to a full-out bad trip. It might make them swear off drugs for awhile, but that's assuming they survived the ordeal. Percy pulled out a steel pocket knife he kept on him when he was out in the city at night. The blade was no longer than three-inches, but it was sharp and scary enough. He had had Beckendorf make it for him sometime between his fifteenth and sixteenth birthdays, and it was charmed to look like a key chain until he opened it. It had actually been more than a little useful on some of the combat missions he went on during those days. He opened it and watched the guys' eyes widen. He took a step towards the idiots and answered in a low, menacing growl. "I told you, I don't know any Jackson. We're just passing through, so let us by and no one gets hurt." The two guys immediately backed off. Zane was stuttering as he stumbled on the curb. "Uh...yeah...Sorry, dude. You just looked like this kid we used to know. Shrimpy kid – definitely not you. Sorry." They took about three steps backward before turning tail and running across the street and around the corner, only looking back once. Percy watched them, his eyes dark with anger, until they were out of sight. Then, he closed his knife with a snap and stuck it back in his pocket. "Dude," came Frank's awed voice. "You wouldn't have really hurt those guys, would you?" Percy looked back and smirked. "Of course not, but I'm not above scaring them. Now, come on, we've got a few more blocks to go before we're in the clear." The group started back down the sidewalk. Jason glanced over at him. "What they were talking about, someone 'knocking you around,' was that true?" Percy looked over at Jason. "What did I tell you, Jason? No questions." "But, Percy-" "Less talking, more walking, Grace. We've got more company up ahead." Jason, thankfully, quit talking, and Percy felt his heart rate speed up when he recognized the dark-skinned man up ahead. It was Marcus, the drug dealer Percy had used to work for occasionally. He looked about the same, sagging pants, big gold chain around his neck, big-n-tall jersey, topped with an open jacket. He had a different girl hanging on his arm, but that was nothing new. He often did have a new girl. This one had porcelain skin, hair dyed as black as Hades's throne and straight as a pin, a make-up caked face, a too small tank-top that left nothing to imagination about her overly-large "assets," classic hour-glass figure, a jean jacket over the top, a mini-pencil skirt, and four-inch stilettos. Marcus also had a new body guard, but even Percy could tell the guy really didn't know what the crap he was doing. He barely had enough muscle to qualify him for his title of "The Muscle." He looked pale and anxious, eyes