Chapter 1 Summary: A multi-chapter story. A new quest. An old curse. And Percy is caught in the middle of it. Sometimes the plans we make are nothing more than idle day dreams. Percabeth. The Set-Up: Apollo has been turned into a teenage mortal, and when he is tossed off of Mt. Olympus by Zeus, he crash lands in the dumpster just blocks from Percy's apartment building. It's April of Percy's senior year, and all he's asking is to at least graduate and have a little peace for a change, but instead, he's getting another world tour on a ship with Annabeth and a few of their "foreign" friends in a multi-pantheon quest for the future. The only question is, "Whose future?" A/N: Though technically this fic could be called a crossover between Percy Jackson, Magnus Chase, and the Kanes, this story will mostly be Percabeth. And it's not really my version of the upcoming Trials Of Apollo series, either, though I got the idea from it and have used the announced premise of that series in this story. P.S. I have this story written completely already. It's edited and ready to go. I will update every few days, guaranteed. Thanks for reading! 555555555555555 Percy hated trigonometry with a passion almost as powerful as the love he had for Annabeth – almost. Annabeth won everything, every time, hands down. But that was an ADHD tangent for another day. And tangents brought him back to trig. He hated trig. Percy ran a hand through his hair, blew air out of his nose, laid down his pink eraser, picked up his pencil (for the thousandth time), and turned back to the math problem at hand. There was a knock at the door. "Oh, hallelujah, sweet Hestia! I'm saved!" Percy cried as he tossed down his pencil and raced the door. He jerked it open, not even bothering to look through the peephole. "Wise Girl! Thank the…" He had expected to see his beautiful blonde curly-headed genius of a girlfriend. Sadly, the only part of that expectation that was right was the blonde part. A dude with wavy surfer style hair stood outside the front door, a sixteen year old dude with a penchant for bad poetry and excellent archery. Nope, definitely not Annabeth. "Lord Apollo?" The dude beamed his pearly whites and pocketed his sunglasses. Apollo for sure. "Percy Jackson. Just the guy I wanted to see. And, by the way, you're welcome for…whatever you were thanking me for." Percy stared. "Uh…What, uh, brings you…here, Lord Apollo?" Suddenly Apollo looked more sheepish than Percy had ever seen him, and Percy's instincts started blaring that whatever the answer was, Percy probably wasn't going to like it. He could feel his irritation building already. Though better than it once was, it seemed like it was always just below the surface since Tartarus and the end of the Giant War. Apollo peeked around Percy. "It's a long story. We should talk about it inside. And I have it on excellent authority that your mother is a fantastic cook. Is it dinnertime yet? I'm starved." Yep, Percy was not going to like this visit, but what choice did he have. He could hardly deny a god a meal and conversation. He stepped to the side and gestured for Apollo to enter the apartment. "Mom's out buying a few groceries for dinner with my stepdad, Paul. They'll be home soon, and there won't be any problem with you staying to eat." Apollo walked into the apartment like he owned the place, and Percy was suddenly aware of what his subconscious had been pondering since he had realized who was standing outside his front door. The god had no godly aura, not a bit of one. He gave off no more power than a mortal. An idea started forming in the back of Percy's mind that he did not like one iota. He had been promised by the gods four years of peace. He and Annabeth had requested that the gods leave them be while they attended college at New Rome, and the gods had agreed with the condition that the two demigods spend that four years designing and developing New Greece and also contacting the few living adult Greek demigods, inviting them to move themselves and their families to the new safe haven that would border Camp Half-Blood. They had eagerly agreed to the deal, and Percy's gut was now telling him that Apollo was about to break his end of it. Percy swallowed hard, trying to physically force his irritation back down into his gut as he closed the front door and watched the un-god swagger into the living room and sprawl out on the couch. "So, this is casa de Percy, eh? Small, but nice, I guess. Dude, if you'd lived in Greece back in the day, you would have already been married to some rich princess and living it up in a palace. Of course, if you'd taken my dad up on his offer a couple of years ago, you could be living it up in a palace on Olympus right now." Apollo smirked at him. Percy's irritation spiked, again. Percy, for his part, wasn't exactly sure of what to say to that insulting compliment. His home wasn't big, but he was rather fond of it. And he certainly didn't want to be a god or even a prince of an ancient Greek city-state, for that matter. "Well, this is home. I'm happy with it. Besides, I've lived in an apartment my entire life. I wouldn't know what to do with all the space of a palace. I don't even know what to do with an entire cabin at camp." He sat across from Apollo in Paul's recliner. Apollo glanced around the room, fingering the fringe on the throw blanket draped on the back of the couch. "So, are you still with that same chick? Athena's daughter? What's her name: Annibelle…Anastasia…?" "Annabeth," Percy replied shortly. "Yes, she's still my girlfriend, and she's a person, not a chick." Apollo eyed Percy like Percy had forgotten which shoe went on which foot. "You're dad's a fisherman. You've heard of catch and release, right? Lots of fish in the sea, man, and believe me, a lot of those fish are just waiting to taste your bait, if you catch my drift." Oh, Percy caught the drift all right, and he was about ready to show Apollo just what a son of the sea god could do with a drifting current like that. Nothing pretty, that's for sure. "Well, those fish are going to be waiting a long time. I catch to keep, and I caught a keeper on my first try. Now, I know you're not here to talk to me about my relationship with Annabeth, but if you're not going talk about why you're really here, then I've got some math homework I need to work on. Excuse me." Percy started to stand, but Apollo called out to him and straightened up in his seat. "Wait! Wait. You're right. I don't really care about your obsessive loyalty problem. I have a problem that I need solved." Percy humphed. "And what makes you think I'll fix your problem? You're a mortal, aren't you?" Apollo looked a bit stricken and a lot angry. "Who told you that?" he hissed. Percy just looked at him. "My mom gives off a godlier aura than you are right now. Besides, I was there when Zeus said he was going to punish you for letting the prophecy of seven fly so soon after the Titans were defeated." Apollo looked away and sighed, still angry. "I thought you were supposed to be the stupid one." Trig homework was starting to sound downright delightful. "I could say the same to you. Now, why do you think I'll help you? You're a mortal, and mortals fix their own problems. They don't pawn them off onto other people, at least, not without proving themselves to be a total douche." Apollo's eyes flashed. "You better watch yourself. I'm still a god. I know you're thinking about that promise to leave you alone for a while, but you forgot the fine print, demi-god." Percy swallowed his irritation, again. It wouldn't do to insult Apollo too much because he would get his powers back one day, and the other gods could always take up his slack in the meantime. "Fine print?" Apollo leaned back into the couch with a smug grin on his face. "Yes, fine print, Percy Jackson. We agreed to leave you alone during your college years. You're still in high school. You won't be starting college until August, so it would seem that you and your precious girlfriend are still on the gods' speed dial." Percy groaned. "It's April 27th, Lord Apollo. There are two camps full of eager demi-gods who would be more than willing to assist you on your quest. Why not ask some of them? I could even make recommendations since I train half of them and am close friends with the other half's trainers." "Are you saying I should take virgin questers all the way to Delphi with me on what is arguably the most important quest of all time? No. I need experience and expertise with me on this quest." Percy took a deep breath in a futile attempt to calm himself. "I have four weeks left until I graduate high school, and you're going to drag me halfway around the world because I am an experienced quester? There are other experienced demi-gods out there." Apollo gave Percy a hard look. "None with your experience. Or connections, for that matter." "Connections?" Percy asked, confused. "Yes, connections, Jackson. Your friends, the magicians, that son of Frey, and the former Valkyrie. The future is clouded for everyone, not just the Greco-Romans. We'll need their help if we're to succeed." Percy's head started to spin. Sure, he figured that the gods were aware of the other gods and that Percy and Annabeth had found out about them, but to hear it plain as day out of Apollo's mouth, like it was a perfectly normal thing for members of various pantheons to hang out and help one another on quests and missions threw him for a loop. And for Apollo to so casually say that he intended on grouping them all up for this quest to Delphi was an even bigger surprise. Before he could get his mind wrapped around the idea, though, he heard the front door opening and turned to see his mom, Paul, and Annabeth all coming into the apartment. Percy jumped up to greet them and take the grocery bags from his mother. "Hi, Percy," his mom greeted him. She handed the bags over to him and caught a glance at the couch. "Oh, I didn't know you were expecting a friend. Hello!" she called over to Apollo. "I wasn't expecting him either. He just dropped in," Percy grumbled. Percy saw Annabeth's calculating look, but before anyone could say anything else, Apollo laughed and joined them in the kitchen. "Yes, I dropped in quite literally. Landed in a dumpster two blocks away and made my way straight here." "Landed in a dumpster?" Paul asked, looking up as he lifted Percy's new baby sister Hope out of the baby carrier he was wearing. "You're Apollo," stated Annabeth as she sat her book bag under the coat hanger and took Hope so Paul could get out of the carrier. Apollo looked at her dully. "And I thought you were supposed to be the smart one." "Lay off her, Apollo," Percy shot from the counter where he was emptying the grocery bags. Apollo leaned back in a chair with his arms behind his head. "Testy, today, aren't we, Jackson? Why don't you introduce me to your family?" Percy clenched his fists a couple of times before taking a breath and turning back to everyone