Note: This is being posted with permission from Hitome-Chan. Warning : This is rated 'M' for a reason, I don't make light of the rating system, and it gets progressively more mature as these go on. Summary: Nico never allowed himself to touch, only to be touched, it was better that way. Percy/Nico Sensory Love Chapter One: To Touch Feelings can be corporeal and intangible at the same time, love especially. To feel love one must use all of his or her senses completely. Sight, smell, taste, hearing and touch, especially. Without any of these fueling your emotions how can you call what you have love? Your heart beats faster when you see and catch the scent of your desired beloved, a lull of calmness washes over you from the sound of their voice, your lips aflame as you taste their mouth, and your body not far behind wrapped around them, skin on skin making life so much sweeter. When denied these things, when every facet of your being is rejected, it can cause the most primal of emotions, which is where Nico found himself. Depressed and rejected. Not on purpose mind you, Percy Jackson was just incredibly ignorant. Percy also had his on-again-off again girlfriend Annabeth to keep him blissfully oblivious. Annabeth was a perceptive girl, she knew of Nico's affections, but she didn't acknowledge them, which, in her mind, was as good as if they did not exist. But, Nico didn't hold that against her, he knew she knew, and she knew that he knew she knew, and as confusing as it all seemed they were still friends. It, of course, wasn't anything personal, matters of the heart never are. The problem with it all being: Percy was his best friend. One of his only real friends. Which is why it was difficult falling in love with him. In love with his smell, with his voice, with the very essence that was Percy Jackson. The way his nose wrinkled when he smiled, or how his eyes always teared up when he laughed. Nico loved everything about Percy, how he could be unintentionally annoying, and how there were times that Nico just couldn't stand to be in the same room as him, those were the times he loved him still. To be truthful, Nico did more than love Percy Jackson, his heart craved Percy's affections. He wanted to Percy's constant thought, his sole source of camaraderie, the only one who would love Percy like a lover, and not a friend. Nico sat back against his bed in the small two bedroom apartment he shared with his father, both his mother and his sister passed away quite a few years ago in a car crash. Nico couldn't help but to think of how many holes there were in his heart with them gone and with his not-so-new feelings, he couldn't love anyone without feeling some sort of pain. Every time he considered a relationship with someone, every time , there were complications. You can't just fall in love, not alone at least. But Nico fell in love all by himself and it was beginning to wear on him, as these things typically do. At first it isn't so bad, being lonely in love, and you can smile—but in his solitude Nico couldn't help but almost cry every day. He didn't though, his father had taught him to stronger than that, but sometimes, sometimes it was almost too much. There was a knock on his door, three sharp taps and Nico knew it was his father. He straightened his face, fell into a mask of indeterminable emotion and wiped his eyes. "S'open." He called, his father hated weakness, he hated the thought of ever being weak and Nico knew that if that man knew what he was feeling he would be as good as disowned. Not that he and his father really hung out much, but they got along in some ways. Nico's Dad, affectionately called Hades by just about everyone (even his boss), was a man with a slim and handsome face, he had impossibly dark eyes and loosely curled black hair like Nico's, only longer. His smiles were things of legend, and Nico was hardly sure if there was ever one on his face that didn't denote sarcasm or biting remarks, and yet he was the only person Nico truly got along with—well besides… "Your friend's here." Hades said, staring down at Nico from his very tall vantage point. "Princeton." "Percy, Dad." Nico corrected. "Whatever," He stepped out of the way and Percy stepped into the room, smiling sheepishly. Hades creeped him out and Nico knew it, he scared Percy enough that the young man would only come over if he hadn't seen Nico in a few weeks time. "Dinner'll be ready in a few," Hades called closing the door behind him. "Hey, man," Percy said in that tangible and friendly way he always did and Nico felt a strain against his eyes to examine every mole and freckle on Percy's beautiful face, to study the lines and details in his lips, and to wonder how such a pink color could exist. But he just sat down on his bed. "Hey," Nico returned outwardly calm. If ever there was something he picked up from his father it was the way to carry himself, to make it seem like nothing was wrong. That's how they got through his mother and his sister's deaths, and that is how he was going to get over Percy Jackson. "What have you been up to Nico?" Percy asked, jumping on the other side of bed and sinking into it, he always had a thing for sleeping in Nico's bed, and who was Nico to tell him not to? Especially if it meant Nico could sleep beside him. "I haven't hung out with you outside of school in forever." How could he say it? How could he say, "I'm in love with you, dumbass. But if I tell you you'll just run away and never want to talk to me again?" without bursting out into tears and shaking and sobbing uncontrollably? There was no way, so he said, "Nothing, really. I've just been hanging out at home." Which was true, but he'd been avoiding Percy. It was easier if he just didn't see him, if he couldn't smell him, if he couldn't feel that heat radiating off of him, or hear those hilariously adorable snores emitting from him, it was just easier if he didn't have to wonder what flavor his lips were. But the scent of Percy wafted over to him as the young man resettled on the bed, feet facing the headboard and his head at the foot of the bed where Nico sat. "That's boring. Annabeth and I hardly ever see you man," Nico didn't let that bother him, Annabeth was Percy's girl, of course he would include her. "Wanna play Black Ops?" Nico asked suddenly trying to distract him, he needed something mindless, something loud, something to occupy that part of Percy's brain that allowed him to ask questions and to say things that Nico would regret. "Sure," Percy said and he smiled widely. "I hear it's good," "Yeah," Nico agreed and popped in the disc. He didn't have a lot of things, but his PS3 had been a surprise Christmas/Birthday/hope-this-tides-you-over-till-a-couple-years-from-now gift from his Dad and he was thankful for it, his TV wasn't too terribly small so it did in a pinch to distract Percy. Which is what Nico used it for mostly, occasionally he would get the urge to use his console, but he found himself reading more often than naught. So he sat there, his knee slightly touching Percy's side, and he was very aware of it. The heat from that one connecting spot seemed to radiate from his brunet friend to his entire body, he barely noticed the killing, instead watching out of his peripherals. Percy's glorious tangle of almond brown curls, his coffee colored eyes moving back and forth from watching the screen, he had a long Mediterranean face, but then again so did Nico, which was dusted in freckles. Then his eyes would travel further down to his back, which was slightly defined, and the supple curve of his backside that Nico knew if he reached out and grabbed would feel like warm steel. But he was a teenager, both of them seventeen (Nico just newly turned), so sex was a topic that seemed to stay on his mind. He got…urges, ones which he ignored for the most part. Like reaching out and grabbing a handful of Percy's ass, that was a no-no. But Percy was allowed to throw an arm over Nico's knee and use his leg as a pillow, that was fine. Nico knew from experience that sometimes he took his own touch a little too far. Like, say, if he was leaning against Percy his head might gradually find its way into the nook between the older teen's arm and chest, where he would receive a quizzical stare from Percy, who would laugh and push Nico away. He suffered through the minutest of touches and as protocol dictated kept his erection at a minimum simply through sheer force of will, a most difficult thing for any man to do, let alone one as inexperienced as Nico. An hour passed and the talking was kept brief, a few comfortable words between best friends, but the silence was mostly welcomed, Nico never had anything to talk about either way, but Percy could go on for hours about nothing. "Oh, did I tell you, I got my fuel injector replaced, just in time to, my old one was on its last leg," Percy said through a mouthful of cookies that Nico had brought in the room for him, for Percy specifically, Nico hardly ever partook, just watching the brunet eat was enough to keep him tided over till dinner was done. "Oh, yeah?" Nico wondered, not interested really, but Percy hardly ever noticed that lack of enthusiasm in his voice, or if he did he pretended he didn't. Percy went on about his car, he fancied himself a mechanic sometimes, which was a silver '00 Sonata that Percy's mother and her husband Paul had bought for him when he turned sixteen. Nico just listened on without ever really hearing a word Percy was saying, he tended to zone out when Percy went into report mode. "You listening?" Nico blinked. "What?" Then the brunet laughed. "You were so gone, I asked if you wanted to play two players?" "I—er—yeah, sure." He got up and got another controller, and they began co-op, killing terrorists and other bad men right and left and a small part of Nico wondered what it would be like playing from the other side, both believed that what they were fighting for was the most just cause, so who was to say he was the hero in this story? But then he saw Percy's lips were moving and he had to turn his brain back on. "Sorry, what?" Again Percy laughed, and it was like nectar for the soul, Nico felt himself growing hotter. "God, I love you man, but you have got to start listening." Percy smiled, and Nico felt a pang of loneliness stab at him, no matter how close his unrequited was he was always so very far away, Nico couldn't reach out and touch and expect a good response, couldn't say how he felt because he knew it would blow up in his face. "I said whatever your Dad is cooking it smells good." Nico sniffed the air, sure enough he could smell garlic rolls and pasta, a home favorite. "Yeah, he's a good cook." He relented. "How come you don't cook more?" Nico wondered how best he should answer that, he could in fact cook, as long as it had a recipe, but he couldn't do it from