AN: I started writing this story as an attempt at a novel, but since I was using Twi-characters, I thought I'd post it. It's dedicated to a friend of mine and based on her own experiences. We used to talk about it a lot, but I never felt ready to write it. Hope you like it. :) — Girl of Dreams — I was having one of those dreams again. About her. Us. I didn't know her name. I'd never even met her. I'd only seen her. Watched her. The dreams were different all the time but this one was a good one. We were married or something. Or at least together. Relaxing at home. A nice house, small and quaint with flowers in pots and meadows all around. A cottage in the country, perhaps. We were sitting on a swinging bench that hung from the veranda. Dressed in jeans and sneakers. Me with my hair down and hers chopped short as it always was. My subconscious wasn't smart enough to invent a whole personality for her so there was no actual dialogue in the dream. No words. No sound at all aside from the melodic chirping of birds somewhere in the sun beyond the porch. That was all. Nothing else. Just me and her and that vague feeling of happiness. Happiness without reason or logic. Happiness just because. My arm was around her and there was a strange radiance to the scene, like sunlight in a camera lens. Smiling. Rocking. She had her legs tucked under her on the bench and now she looked at me. A smile moved over her lips and I wanted so badly to tell her something. To tell her I loved her. To tell her to stay. Because I knew it was just a dream and I knew any minute I would wake up. She tilted her head slightly, as if to ask if something was wrong. I still couldn't speak and she seemed to notice my difficulty. She seemed to realize it was just a dream as well and her smile went a little sad, a little wistful. But then it perked up again, as if to assure me everything would be alright, and for a second I actually believed it. Then I woke up. — Chapter 1: — Quietly, with a gasp. Her eyes snapped open and the happiness in her heart evaporated as instantly as the dream itself. Ugh. Reality. Laying on her side she blinked at the alarm clock on the nightstand beside her wedding picture with her husband. 8AM. Still early. Her husband must've heard her wake because now she felt the bed shift as his hand caressed her shoulder. "Morning, babe," he said. "Morning." "Bad dream?" "Something like that." She rolled onto her back to accept a kiss good morning. Routine. The curtains were closed and the room was dim and gray. She endured his lips with her eyes open, blinking once sleepily, and she gave him a weak smile as he pulled away. "What time is it?" "Eight o'clock," he said, and then he smirked suggestively. "Kids are asleep." "They are, are they?" "Let's not squander this opportunity, hm?" His lips came down to her throat. She craned her neck and tried not to grimace, but she was tired, she had to pee, and she was possibly a latent homosexual, and she really did not want to do this. "Baby," she said, pushing at his chest. "Baby, I haven't even brushed my—" Before she could finish the fire alarm in the kitchen suddenly began shrieking through the house. "—teeth," she said. The husband groaned and detached himself from his wife. Bella suppressed her relief and hurried out of bed to see what was going on. She was tying her robe as she came into the kitchen and what she found was her ten your old daughter jumping up and down in her Hello Kitty pajamas and waving a spatula at the fire alarm. There was flour in her hair and flour all over the sink and thick gouts of smoke were billowing upward from a pan on the stove. Bella twisted the knob to turn off the stove and dumped the half-raw but completely burnt pancake into the sink while the alarm continued to blare. "Nessie, what are you doing? Haven't I told you never to touch the stove without my supervision?" "I wanted to surprise you." "You did, sweetie, you did." Bella had grabbed a dishtowel and she was waving it at the fire alarm to clear the smoke. A heavy gray haze hung clung to the ceiling. Jake had been right behind her and now he was pulling up a chair to stand on and the fire alarm finally quit screeching as he fumbled with it and pulled out the battery. Bella let the dishtowel sag and looked at her daughter. Nessie was still pouting. "It was the stupid stove's fault," she said. "I forgot to turn it down." Bella rolled her eyes and tossed the towel onto the counter. Jake was peering into a half empty bowl of batter and now he poked at it with his finger. "Hey, are those M&Ms?" Nessie nodded excitedly. "Mmhm. It was my idea." Jake was impressed. He licked his finger and turned his attention to the small pile of pancakes that had cooked successfully before the pan had become overheated. He tore one in half and shoved some in his mouth, paused to see how good they were, and then nodded enthusiastically. Nessie smiled proudly. Bella wiped out the pan and relit the stove. "Here, sweetie, let me help," she said. "You have to cook them on low or they'll burn." "I know that, I just forgot." Bella grabbed the bowl of batter and tossed her chin at Jake. "Honey, go check on the boys," she said. "They didn't sleep through the alarm, did they?" "Looks like it." "Well, great. I guess the next time there's a fire they can just burn to a crisp in their beds. Nessie, how could you be so irresponsible?" "It was the stove!" Jake patted Nessie's head. "It's okay, Nessie. Mommy's just grouchy cuz she didn't get any this morning." Bella had scooped some batter into the pan and she turned to glare at him over her shoulder as the mixture sizzled ominously. "Sleep, I mean," he said. "Didn't get any sleep." "Go get the boys." "Yes, ma'am." Jake ruffled Nessie's hair and headed out down the corridor. Bella soon had the kitchen in some kind of order, the surfaces wiped down, a second pan frying up some bacon, and eventually the boys managed to struggle out of bed and come join them for breakfast. Glasses of orange juice were poured, coffee was brewed, and plates of pancakes and bacon and scrambled eggs were laid out. Nessie got offended when anyone ate anything other than the pancakes and the boys bickered over the last piece of bacon. Danny had bought a soccer ball to the table and he ate with it in his lap and the cat curled around Nessie's ankles until she gave it some scraps and Jake ate seconds and then thirds and then finished what everyone else left. Bella kept track of the proceedings vaguely but mostly she was just sipping her coffee and glancing at the clock on the wall. Today was Sunday. Sunday was gym day. Finally breakfast was over and the boys were hustled off to their room to get changed for soccer practice. Bella went and got her purse and her phone and her keys and she found her husband stacking the dishes into the dishwashing machine as she came back through the kitchen. "Okay, honey, I'll see you later," she said. "After I drop the kids off, I'm heading straight to the gym. Can you pick em up when they're done? I wanted to get a really long work out today." "No problem, although don't you think you should take a day off at some point?" "I can't slow down now. These abs aren't going to define themselves, you know." Jake closed the dishwasher and turned to his wife with a grin while he dried his hands. "I'm just saying," he said. "You're already full blown milf material. Might be time to just relax and enjoy it, if you know what I mean." Bella smirked and adjusted the strap of her handbag. "I'm no milf," she said. "Just an ordinary soccer mom—literally." As if on cue the boys trooped in wearing their soccer gear, boots and small navy shorts, tops with no sleeves, making noise, punching each other. Bella gave her husband a kiss on the cheek and then shooed the boys outside into the car. The oval wasn't far and soon the boys were tumbling out the car while Bella leaned out the window and told them to be careful. They waved to her, jogging backwards, and she watched them until they had safely joined all the other boys in their uniforms who were juggling balls and practicing drills. The gym was in the city, closer to work than home, and it was a much longer drive. As usual butterflies began to circle and flutter in her stomach as she got closer. Like a girl going to a date. In the parking lot she took a moment to spruce up her makeup in the rearview mirror and tie her hair into a high ponytail. Her hair was long and dark and her face was…nice, she supposed. Healthy skin. Brown eyes. She wasn't twenty years old anymore—she hadn't been for almost twenty years—but she took care of herself and in many ways she was in the best shape of her life. Once she was done she tucked her makeup back into her purse, took a deep breath, and got out of the car. The gym was mostly empty this time of day and she didn't see her right away. She got changed in the locker room and got started, mounting the bicycle in yoga pants and a sweatshirt. She pedalled hard and fast, working up a sweat in no time. She kept glancing around the gym but there was nothing but the usual cast of muscle heads and fitness enthusiasts. By now she was beginning to wonder if the girl was even going to show today. She was getting nervous and she wiped at her forehead with her sleeve like a junkie waiting on a fix. Just one glimpse, that's all she needed. Just one little fix to get her through the week. Bella looked down and continued cycling and when she looked up again her feet began to slow down. There she was. The tracklist of her iPod had switched to a poppy love song and the ballad played in her ears as she gazed across the gym at this girl she had a crush on. Somehow she had missed her coming in and she was already changed into her gymwear. Black capris with a pink stripe up the outside leg. Pink spandex sportsbra. She was doing the warm up she did sometimes, a casual jog around the indoor jog track, and as she came around the bend her eyes met with the watching eyes of Bella. Time slowed. Sunlight spilled from the glass ceiling overhead and bathed the girl in a surreal radiance. Shorthaired. Exquisitely pretty. Bella had stopped cycling at all. She was just sitting there while the vocalist in her ears serenaded the moment and filled her with wave on wave of intense attraction. The girl noticed her there and gave her a smile that almost blasted the other woman off her bicycle. Bella's heart gave one huge thump and she looked down quickly. She had a towel in her hands and she used it to wipe her face and when she looked up again the girl was gone as if she really were too perfect to be real.