AN: Hey. This is an idea I had that I wanted to write quickly. It's, um…futa. Which is something I've never written before. For those that don't know, futa is a Japanese term for girlpeen, which is a fanfiction term used to denote a female character with a penis. Before anything, though, I should mention that I'm not a huge fan of futa. The original idea was Bella as a regular woman, but then I thought about it, and I realized there's a strange synergy between transsexualism and the themes I'll be exploring in this story, ie; vanity (the desire to be beautiful) and transformation (male to female, human to vampire). So I decided to give futa a shot, and I think it's worked out pretty well. So I guess that's the first warning. Bella isn't a hermaphrodite, or a she-wolf with a penis. She's transsexual. I'm not sure how common that is in futa (I never really read any aside from It Won't Rain), but I like to mingle a bit of realism with my vampires. Speaking of vampires, these ones are AU. I dislike canon vampires (imagine eating a cold pussy, for god's sake), so I've used a more traditional ruleset in this story. Like I said, I enjoy that faint flavour of realism. I hate special powers and I absolutely can't stand when vampires move at the speed of light. Not only is it stupid and unnecessary, but the actual physics of the event would fuck up the particles in the object's path to the point of nuclear fusion and an explosion more powerful than an atomic fucking bomb. It was dumb as shit in Superman and it's even worse for vampires. Anyway, sorry for rambling. Bottom line, these vampires are AU. ;) As for other warnings, I'm not sure. This first chapter is pretty innocent, but if the story continues I honestly have no idea how hardcore it might get. The primary pairing will be Bellice, but there will be poly as well, or at the very least there will be group sex. That's another reason why I thought it would be unique for Bella to be a transsexual. One of the key dynamics of this story is to glorify/fetishize lesbianism, so I thought it would be fun to filter it through a POV with a penis, someone who's not quite female and not quite lesbian, but close enough for comfort. An outsider looking in, so to speak. Anyway, I think that covers everything. And if you're following my other story, let me apologize for the delay quickly. I had this in my head and I just had to get it down. Anyway, hope you like it. — Sapphire Shadows — — Chapter 1: — The bar was called Sapphire Shadows. I had heard about it from some chick in my support group. She said it had the hottest chicks in town and she wasn't wrong. I took a cab and the first thing I saw was two chicks making out against the bricks beside the door, both blonde, both in cocktail dresses, both sexy as fuck. I took one glance at them and I was so scared I almost jumped back into the cab. But the cab was already driving away and I was left there to take a breath and pull myself together. Relax, Bella. You're only here to have a drink. The reminder made me feel a little better, but it didn't change the fact I had a penis under my dress and no real business in a lesbian bar. Especially not one like this. It was an underground kind of place, according to my friend. They didn't even have a website. Even the exterior was remarkably low key. Just raw brick and a door. There was no neon sign or anything like that, and aside from the couple making out and a few other women in heels drifting by on the sidewalk, there was no hint at all of what you might find beyond that door. It was a hookup spot, my friend said, a place where you walk in looking sexy and go home again with someone even sexier. I had my doubts if the clientele were really as hot and loose as she claimed, but none of that applied to me anyway. No one would be going home with me. Which was a shame, because I was actually really hot. I'd been sculpting my body for years with surgery and hormone therapy—not to mention a dedicated pilates regimen—and I finally had it shaped as close to perfect as I could get. My boobs were huge, my legs were long and sexy, my ass was spectacular. Pretty eyes, pretty nosejob. Everything perfect—aside from that pesky little thing between my legs. But I tried not to think about that. Because in a couple years that would be gone too, lopped off by some unlucky surgeon and tossed away into a pile of medical waste like any other malignant growth, gone forever and leaving me sleek and streamlined and strictly female. I took another deep breath, inhaling the night air, and smoothed my dress against my hips, quietly building my confidence. It was a black dress, a little black dress, and I was thrilled to finally wear it. Thrilled and frightened and insanely self-conscious. It was tight and it barely covered my ass, and together with my long dark hair and pale skin—it was hard to believe how insecure I was. Okay, just calm down. Nobody knows what you really are and nobody is gonna be looking under your dress. Just relax and have a drink, okay? I nodded, agreeing with myself. Then I adjusted my purse and stepped up to the door, my heels clicking on the sidewalk, my heart hammering. The two blondes were still making out and they broke apart briefly as I opened the door. They glanced at me once, a cool glance of appraisal, and then went back to each other's mouths. I thought I caught a glimpse of some rather pointy teeth, but I wasn't sure. I gulped, staring for a second, and then I walked in and let the door swing closed behind me. Already I could hear music. I was going down a short flight of concrete steps and at the bottom there was a bouncer, a tanned and tattooed brunette with Native American features, dressed in black jeans and a black tanktop. She gave me a look, a slow sweep of her dark eyes, and smirked. "Private bar, honey," she said. "You got a token?" I was already rummaging in my purse. "Um, yes, just a second." I was almost worried I'd lost it or forgotten to bring it, but then I found it, a small metallic disc like a coin, stamped with the initials SS . "Um, here," I said. "My friend let me borrow it. She said it would be okay." The bouncer took the token, inspected it, and seemed satisfied. "Usually we're members only," she said, raking her eyes over my dress. "But for you I'll make an exception. Enjoy your evening." She handed back the token and I did a quick double take at her smirk. Two of her teeth, her canines, appeared to be longer and sharper than normal, kind of like vampire fangs. It seemed a little odd, but I guess that was fashion to some people. I put the token back in my purse and gave her a nod. "Thanks," I said. The interior was dark and there was a rich tang of alcohol and perfume in the air. I wandered in with a sense of almost religious wonder, my mouth open slightly, gazing about. The place was packed with some of the hottest women I'd ever seen anywhere. Chicks on the dancefloor moving to a soundtrack of pulsating techno-pop. Couples at tables in close conversation beneath framed portraits of black and white erotica on the walls. The bar was glass brick and back lit in violet neon and the shelves of bottles behind it glowed a poisonous purple. The bar itself was crowded with women in cocktail dresses and high heels, chatting or bobbing to the music. A lump was forming in my throat and I swallowed it away as I went over and sidled in among them. There were two bartenders behind the bar and neither really looked old enough to drink. They looked fresh out of highschool and they were dressed similar to the bouncer, black jeans and black croptops. One of them had long blonde hair, straight and shiny, and the other had black hair which she wore in an extremely short pixie-cut. She was serving some customer with a smile and then she looked over and saw me standing there, all shy with my purse, waiting to be noticed. Her face was indescribably cute, even cuter than mine and mine was hand-crafted by professionals. She smiled at me—or smirked—and tossed her chin. "Hey," she called loudly over the noise of music and conversation. "What can I get you?" I looked at the exotic range of bottles clustered on the shelves, already lost. To be honest, I didn't even drink that much. The bartender was looking at me and I wound up saying, "Um, just a beer, thank you." "What kind?" "Oh, any kind." "You got it," she said. "One beer, coming up." The beertap was partway down the bar. I watched her draw off a large glass stein, my eyes flickering over her body. Part of her midriff was exposed and she had cute abs. Not to mention a tight ass and nice tits. A different body type the mine—smaller, more petite—but still amazing. She caught me looking and smirked. Then she came over with the beer and placed it on top of an onyx coaster. "Here you go," she said. "One beer." "Thanks," I said, unsnapping my purse. "How much?" The woman didn't reply right away and I looked up to see her smiling and checking me out. Like the bouncer, she appeared to be wearing vampire fangs, which, honestly, looked very sexy on her. She tilted her head, her big dark eyes roaming my shoulders and chest, and her smile tilted upward into a smirk. "For you?" she said. "On the house." I was surprised. "Why?" "Because you're hot," she grinned. My heart flipped and I felt a rush of some emotion I didn't recognize. It was the first time my appearance had been flattered by someone who wasn't male, my mother, or part of my support group. I felt like I had been working my whole life to achieve that compliment and oh I could die. "Oh," I said, blushing, lifting the beer. "Thanks." I sipped shyly. She watched me and she seemed to think it was cute. I expected her to go and serve someone else, but she didn't. She looked back down the bar, at where her blonde colleague was busy mixing drinks, and then she turned back to me. "So," she said. "What's your name?" My heart did another flip. She wanted to talk to me? Like, seriously? I hadn't been expecting this. In all honesty, I had expected to be ignored and shunned by the entire premises until I finally crawled away in embarrassment with my tail—and penis—between my legs. Yet here I was, only two minutes inside the door with a free drink and a pretty bartender chatting me up. "Bella," I said, and I said it with hint of pride. It wasn't the name I was born with, it was the name I'd chosen for myself. It meant beautiful in Italian, the one thing I always wanted to be. She seemed to like it as well. "Bella," she repeated. "That's a pretty name. I'm Alice. This is my place." "You own it?" "Yep." "Wow," I said, nodding, looking about the dim interior. Two women appeared to be necking aggressively at a booth in