AN: Story is AU, non-Twilight, no sparkling, etc. — Better than Blood — — Chapter 1: — Moon. Full, fat, beautiful moon, surrounded by stars and hanging so low and large in the black black sky that it almost seemed to throb with paleness. A faint breeze, not cold, the air filled with the scent of my own perfume as the wind stirred locks of my long dark hair. A smile moving over my mouth, lips waxy with lipstick and burgundy red. Perched atop this apartment building where my date was getting dressed below, squatting on the corner of the low brick parapet like a gargoyle in a tiny black cocktail dress. Gazing up at the moon and basking in its radiance as a pleasant heat filled my face. Inhaling the cool night air and closing my eyes and opening them again to gaze again at that big, bright, beautiful moon. Tonight's the night. It would be our third date, which hadn't been a long wait, but more than long enough to build a thirst. Her name was Alice Cullen, and frankly, she was the cutest thing I'd seen in a long time. There was simply something about her, something special that went beyond the physical configuration of her face and into a deeper form of inner beauty, a beauty beheld in the brightness of her eyes and the warmth of her smile that could only be the reflection of a kind, gentle, and loving heart. That, and she had a terrific ass. Her picture on the dating site was impressive, but the jeans she wore on our first date—my god. I simply couldn't wait to finally sink my teeth into her, and on a night like this, with such a moon so high in the sky - it was going to be perfect. It had been impatience that drove me to her rooftop and it was impatience that drove me back down again, crawling across the wall like a gigantic spider until I came to her bedroom window. Below was only an empty alleyway, nobody around to look up and witness the woman suspended supernaturally against the bricks, upside down, her hair not hanging, her dress not drooping. Peeping in the corner of the window where— Gasp. She had just gotten out of the shower and she was parading about the bedroom wearing nothing but a towel as she set out a dress to wear on the bed. The dress was red, the color of love, passion, blood, and I smiled at her choice. So symbolic, so subtextual. So perfect . I continued to watch her, my eyes bright and dark and roaming her slim legs under the hem of the towel as she moved to a dresser drawer and sorted through the things inside it. I was so distracted by the prettiness of her thighs and calves that it didn't register to me what she was looking for until she straightened up with a tiny, sexy, red lace thong in her hands. My heart stopped. Well, technically, my heart didn't beat at all, but that did nothing to mitigate the bolt of delight that struck me in my chest. Her choice of underwear was even more perfect than her choice of dress. Red was always lovely, of course, but a thong—a skimpy lace one at that—suggested she was indeed prepared to put out tonight. To be honest, I hadn't been entirely sure she would be ready. She was quite a sweet and innocent sort of girl and we only had two dates. But if her choice of underwear confirmed anything, it confirmed that— My train of thought cut off as her towel hit the floor. I had been stalking her for a week, but it was the first time I'd seen her naked. Women simply don't spend as much of their day naked as you'd want, and certainly not in places where you could easily spy on them. But this was worth the anticipation. Even with the towel you could see her body was reasonably bodacious, but without it—dayum. My eyes fairly glazed over at the perfect shape of her breasts, not large, not small, just perfect, and so plump and soft that it almost would've broke my heart if only I had a heart to break. Such delicious-looking little things—and her ass! She had turned slightly and she was stepping into her panties, pulling them up along her legs until the waistband settled at her hips and the string settled between her taut, round, beautiful little buttocks. Then she gave a wiggle to get them just right. That slightly squirm of her hips almost undid me. The excitement that washed over my body rendered me nigh weightless and the only thing that kept me from peeling off the wall and fluttering into the alley below like a broken bird was centuries of finely honed self-control. I stared, my lips parted. The window was in danger of being fogged up or perhaps broken in a mad frenzy to get at this dear girl's ass. It was maddening, absolutely maddening. If that ass didn't have teeth marks in it by tomorrow morning, I'm not a ravenous lesbian vampire. But she was turning away now, turning to her dress on the bed, and as pretty as the dress looked, I couldn't help feeling a stab of sadness that her body was about to be covered. But still. Tonight. It took some effort to rein in my incredible lust but I managed tolerably enough to continue watching her until she was ready. I watched her slip on her dress and zip it up. I watched her adjust her breasts in the bodice. I watched her step into her shoes, red like her dress, perfect pumps to accentuate her perfect body. I almost lost control again when she disappeared again into the bathroom, impatience clawing at my chest like something that wanted out, until she came back out again in full makeup, lipstick and mascara, eyeshadow, a bit of blush. She was one of those rare girls who looked amazing without makeup and even more amazing with makeup. Like a perfect china doll. She was twenty two years old but she hardly looked a day over seventeen. The kind of girl who had no idea how pretty she really was. The kind of girl who almost made me wish I was actually capable of falling in love. But alas, for centuries I had been cursed into a state of an ever-permeant lust that had long ago swallowed my heart whole, and honestly? I wouldn't have it any other way. By now she was almost late for our date and getting a little frantic. She was stuffing her purse with things she might need, cellphone, keys, pepper spray—which meant I ought to make extra effort not to assault her in the middle of the restaurant—and looking about as if to remember if there was anything she was forgetting. Her eyes drifted to the window and I retracted a bit out of view. But she didn't see me and when I looked again through the window she had left the room. I smiled and felt a flutter in my chest. Finally. Flipping backwards, I leapt down from the wall into the alleyway below and landed perfectly in my tall black stilettoes like some action hero bimbo, lowering into a crouch before raising slowly and adjusting my hair and dress. I came sauntering out of the alley and around to the front of the building where I installed myself beside the glass doors and waited for my beautiful date. She came out in a bit of a tizzy, the door swinging closed behind her, worried she might be late. I let my eyes linger on her back for a moment, watching how the thin red silk flowed against her curves, and then I lifted my eyes with a smile and said: "Hey, cutie." She spun around, giggling at the surprise with a hand over her heart as if to keep it from flying out of her chest. "Oh," she said. "There you are. Sorry I'm late." "No problem, I was just about to call a cab. Ready to go?" "Yep," she said. "All set." She swayed on the spot, visibly hoping I would notice her dress, and I smiled and said: "You look incredible." Not as incredible as the peep show through the window, but incredible nonetheless. "You too," she giggled, and placed a kiss on my mouth. The kiss was only a brief brush of her lips—we were on a public sidewalk, after all, and we still only barely knew each other—but it lit a spark inside me that almost made me growl. The scent of her perfume was already teasing me inside my head and the scent of her body, her blood, was stirring in my stomach. The hunger had already been wetted by the taunting display of nakedness and I was very seriously tempted to simply drag her upstairs by the hair and toss her onto the bed and devour her whole. But instead I took my phone out my purse and called a cab. The restaurant was called L'Artusi. I told her about it in the cab, about the exceptional service and marvellous food, but the thing that impressed her most was how I could actually pronounce it properly. She tried a few times herself and couldn't come close. It was charming. On our first date she spent about ten minutes telling me how sexy my British accent was while trying to mimic it with similarly amusing results. Her tongue was obviously not suited to linguistics but I'm sure we could come up with some other uses for it, once I finally get her head between my thighs. It wasn't until we arrived at the restaurant when she was actually impressed by the restaurant itself. The interior was warm and filled with the scent of expensive Italian food and a low glow of candlelight illuminated couples at tables, bottles of wine, a redwood bar in the corner. A dim atmosphere, quiet with string music in the background. She was holding my arm and she actually seemed slightly in awe of how romantic it was as the waiter led us to our table. We sat, me speaking to the waiter, her still looking about. I ordered some wine, a particularly expensive bottle, and she looked a little nervous as the waiter went away. "Wow, this place must be so expensive," she said. "I wasn't expecting a place like this on a third date. I'm not even sure if I can afford it." I dismissed her concerns with a gallant wave of my hand. "Don't worry about it, I'm paying." "Oh, I can't let you do that." "Of course you can, it's my pleasure," I told her. "I've been dying to take you here ever since we first met. It's my favourite restaurant in town." The waiter arrived with the wine and she fell quiet for a moment, smiling as the glasses were poured. The waiter handed us menus and went away again. She rose her eyebrows at the prices column. "Wow," she said. "You eat here a lot?" "Well, I wouldn't say a lot. And never as early as the third date." "Really? What's so special about me?" I looked up from the menu and bestowed upon her a smile filled with as much wholesome admiration as I could muster and said: "What do you think?" Her ass, of course. But she giggled as if she thought I meant her eyes. Or even her personality, the silly thing. But it was a successful compliment and I looked back down at the menu. "So," I said. "What are you getting?" "I don't know, I'm so hungry." "Mmm," I agreed, flicking my eyes at her the way a lizard flicks its tongue. "Me too." It took a while to decide what to order but