AN: Hi! This is an idea I started just for fun, but it turned out to be much more engrossing than I thought. It's a very simple concept, but I've always been fascinated by the notion of pure romance. I've tried it before, but I can never seem to get it quite right. Fingers crossed for this one, lol. Anyway, there's no real warnings beyond the basics; femmeslash, sex, bad language, etc. Just general adult themes. Also bear in mind the story is AU. As the summary states, Alice is the human while Bella is the vampire. I won't be using the Twilight vampire rules either, so no sparkling or special powers. Everything will be explained in the story as required, so just try and keep it in mind. And that's about it. Thanks for clicking. Hope you like it. ;) — Isabella — — Chapter 1: — I was having one of those dreams again. Breathless. On a bed somewhere. Naked and watching across my body and through my open legs as she came to me out of the darkness. She was so pale she seemed to glow like the moon. Something unearthly about her. Ethereal. I watched her, dazed and mesmerized. I didn't know how I got there, I only knew that I was there for no other reason than to be hers. She was coming towards me and I shivered in anticipation. Her hair was so black it seemed to meld into the darkness, thick black locks of it tumbling about her shoulders like shadowy tendrils to bind her back into the night from whence she came. Sable tressed succubus, pure white her skin and pure sin her body. Her breasts looming like moons, huge and heavy, rich white mounds topped with nipples that were the palest pink. Legs like marble, so perfectly smooth and white. She was descending upon me and I couldn't move. Couldn't speak. I could only stare at her. At her dark eyes, darker than the darkest night. Lavish with lust and arrayed with thick long lashes. Below them a smile. Red and wicked and leaning down from the darkness to claim my lips with her own. Then I woke up. — Abruptly, with a groan. My eyelids shot open and there was a sharp pang in my heart as I realized it was all just a dream. Ugh. Reality. I sank facefirst into the pillow and groaned again. There was a wet patch where I'd been drooling from the dream and I rolled over away from it. But wow, what a dream. My whole body was throbbing, especially between my legs. I've always had a lot of sex dreams, but rarely as vivid as that. That was awesome. I only wish it went a little further, but since I'd never been that far in real life, I guess my subconscious couldn't quite figure it out. But wow. I was even breathing a little heavy, half orgasmed in my little bed, and I smiled to myself as I covered my eyes with my forearm. I loved when I had dreams like that. Always about the same chick, too. That chick with long black hair and pale skin. Kind of vampire-ish. Always her, every time. I don't know why my sexual imagination had latched onto that particular stereotype as the pinnacle of my sexual desire, but I wasn't complaining. She was hot as fuck. I'd give anything to actually date a woman like that. I sighed and opened my eyes. Early morning. Still kind of dim in the room. I blinked a couple times and rolled over onto my side. My closet was open and hanging in there was my prom dress. I smiled at it and let the excitement flow into my chest. Prom night, tonight. — Prom that night was held in the ballroom of a very expensive hotel—I knew how expensive it was because I had booked a room for me and my girlfriend. We had been dating for just under three months and finally, at long last, she had agreed to have sex with me. Thank god for prom, because without it I'd probably be waiting another whole three months. Her name was Jessica. She had been my bestfriend before she'd been my girlfriend, and her reluctance to get physical probably had something to do with the fact that she wasn't a lesbian. Even getting a kiss out of her had been a huge drama of denial before we'd actually hooked up. But I really liked her and she really liked me, and we really did have a strange kind of chemistry. I'd read on the internet that it was kind of a waste of time to date a straight chick, but she was really cute and it's not like I was awash with options. Sure, it was a little frustrating, but if she put out tonight at prom—like she promised—then it would all be worth it. We had done some mild experimenting together, just a little kissing and petting, and she really seemed to be getting used to it. It was our junior prom, and we walked in with our hands clasped, both of us in our dresses, high heeled and with our hair styled. I was almost in awe. It was an extravagant affair, almost like a wedding reception or a movie premier. Chandeliers were twinkling overhead and there were tables with white tablecloths and white roses in slender glass vases. Music was playing and the dancefloor was already packed. "Wow," I whispered, giving her hand a squeeze. "Isn't it beautiful?" She looked about and shrugged. "Meh." "Jess, come on," I said. "I've always dreamed about junior prom and I really want this to be special, so can you at least pretend to be excited?" "Alright, alright," she said. "It's just weird, that's all. I've dreamed about prom too, I just never pictured it with a chick." I grinned widely and pulled her closer to me, wrapping my arm around hers. "I always pictured it like this," I said. "Just me and you. Thanks a lot for being my girlfriend, Jess. This really is a dream come true for me." She rolled her eyes, but she couldn't help smiling. "Yeah, yeah," she said. "Let's not start going down on each other just yet." I giggled and we continued into the ballroom, arm in arm, like two princesses. The first thing we did was meet up with friends so I could lie about how awesome their dresses were while secretly gloating over mine. I had designed it myself—fashion design is my calling in life—and sewn it on a sewing machine imported from Switzerland for my birthday last year. It was possibly the most scandalous dress in the whole ballroom. The fabric was deep red, thin and soft, and it was so short it barely covered my ass. It was also very tight, tight enough to cling to every curve on my cute little body. The bodice was off the shoulder and the bust was arrayed with ruby beading that cost over a hundred dollars alone. My shoes were red leather, bought especially to compliment the dress, and the heels were a full four inches long. Together with my short black hair I liked to think I projected the image of a spunky little pixie demon. All I was missing was horns and a little tail with a loveheart on the tip. I liked to think I was the hotter of the pair, but Jess really was very cute as well. Her dress was blue, skyblue, and the skirt was voluminous and bellshaped. Her hair was blonde and straight, almost platinum. She was about same height as me, which was pretty short, and her body was slim and cute—also like me. I wish one of us had bigger tits, but we were barely seventeen, so I guess you got to take what you can get. Either way, we were easily the hottest couple at prom. Easily. We weren't the only same-sex couple, but the other couple was two boys. One of them was a nerd with glasses, not really cute at all, and the other one actually wore a dress and make up. He'd probably get prom queen on sympathy votes, but in all honesty, he wasn't much competition. And the straight couples were just straight couples. To be honest, I loved the distinction of being an attractive teenage lesbian, and I had never taken much trouble to hide it or make excuses for it. I was loud and proud, and soon I was out on the dancefloor with my girlfriend, twirling her about and pawing at her waist, grinning and even grabbing at her ass. She hissed at me to stop it and got all embarrassed, but that only made me do it more. People were glancing and commenting, but it didn't bother me. I revelled in the smirks of boys and the consternation of other girls and the frowns of disapproval from teachers. I tried not to go too far, but I couldn't help it. I'm an attention whore. After the dance I danced with a couple other friends as well. One of them was Jasper. He was my bestfriend and originally I was supposed to go to prom with him, just as friends, but then I'd gotten Jess to agree to go with me. He was a senior and the quarterback on the football team. I was a cheerleader. In any other universe we would've made a perfect couple. He always had a pretty massive crush on me, which was kind of flattering if nothing else. It was almost a shame I wasn't into boys, because he was really tall and good looking, with long blonde hair in a ponytail, and he was really popular too. But he was perfectly happy to be friend-zoned. Well, mostly. He grabbed my ass on the dancefloor, and I realized how Jess must've felt. I slapped him away and hissed at him to stop it, and after the dance was over we went to get some punch. Jasper poured mine, gallantly, and I took it from him with a roll of my eyes. Jessica was across the ballroom, chatting to some of her friends. She had been a little eager to get away from me and I guess I could give her a breather for a bit. I wished dating a girl wasn't so weird for her. I sighed and sipped my punch, holding the cup in both hands and gazing at her across the rim, at the blueness of her dress, at how her skirt rustled when she laughed. She really was very pretty. "Fruity punch," Jasper said, smacking his lips against the taste. "It's strawberries, I think," I said, taking another sip of the pink liquid. Jasper drank, grimaced, and decided not to drink again. He shook his head and turned to me. "So tonight's the night, huh?" "Mmhm," I said, still watching my lovely girlfriend across the ballroom. "I can't wait. She looks so hot tonight, doesn't she? I don't even know if I can control myself. I wanna just rip her dress off and eat her out right on the dancefloor." "Sad thing is, you'd probably do it." I giggled and sipped my punch. Jasper looked at his cup doubtfully and took one more sip, wincing. He shook his head and put the cup down on the table. He wiped his hands on the sides of his tuxedo pants and looked at me. "So when are you girls gonna be ready to get out of here?" "Soon," I said. "Hopefully." "Good, because I'm only hanging around while you are. After I rent the room for you, I'm outta here." "Thanks again for doing it, Jazz. I would've done it myself, but I'm not eighteen." "Don't thank me," he said. "You're the one paying for it." I chuckled at that, reminded of the price. I'd been working part