AN: Hey. I've had this idea in mind for a long time, so I thought I'd give it a shot. It's pure Bellice, and I mean pure. Bella and Alice will be the only two named characters in the entire story. No sub-pairings or anything like that. I have a theory about distilled romance I've always wanted to try out. Anyway, here's the first chapter. Bear in mind it's AU, so don't expect anyone to sparkle. — A Vampire Named Alice — She came to me in a dream. Pale and pretty, her body young and nubile. Slight of waist, slender of shoulder, legs long and slim and white like pearl. Plump breasts shaped soft and succulent upon her tiny chest, topped with nipples that are pink and little like tulipbuds. The definition of her shoulderblades faintly visible in the milky expanse of her back, her spine gracefully curved, her hips round and small and her buttocks peachshaped and softly firm like ripened fruit. Smiling over her shoulder with lips wicked and red like roses. Eyes big and bright and brimming with blackness. An unearthly beauty. Beauty to stop your breath. To make your heart burst. I tried to call out to her but I wasn't there. She was alone in the darkness and then I woke up. — Chapter 1: — The rain was falling so hard she could barely see out the windshield. The wipers were slashing long sheaves of water from the rain-blurred glass and she had to lean a little over the steering wheel to see. There was a girl out there, alone in the rain, scantily dressed in denim shorts and a croptop. No slicker, no umbrella, skipping through the rain, splashing in the puddles like a child. She had a backpack slung over her shoulder but it was a little late to be walking home from school. It was already dark. Bella was coming up behind her and without really knowing why she swung the cruiser around and pulled up beside her. The girl paused and approached the window as Bella let it down. "Hey there," she called loudly over the roar of the rain. "Where you headed?" The girl bent to the window. A small crack of cleavage in her top. Her face was pale and wet with rain and she gave the police woman a mischievous smile. She was bent at the hip and leaning on the windowpane like a hooker working a client. "Am I in trouble?" she asked cutely. Bella chuckled once and shook her head. "Just wondering if you need a ride," she said. "Come on, hop in. It's pouring rain out there." "Are you sure? I'm pretty wet." "Worse things have been in this car than a bit of rainwater. Come on, get in." The girl giggled a thank you and trotted around to the other side of the cruiser. Bella put the window back up and looked in the rearview, brushing a bit of hair away from her face as if to pretty herself up just a little. The passenger door opened and the sound of rain was suddenly loud. The girl slipped off her backpack and climbed into the car daintily, stepping inside with big black boots and setting the backpack in her lap as she sat down. Her hair was black and short, a damp matt of spikes atop her pretty head, like a pixie or a water sprite. Rain was gusting into the car and she laughed and pulled closed the door. "Gosh, I am absolutely soaked!" Her top was drenched and the black material clung to her tiny chest. All her arms and part of her midriff were exposed and Bella couldn't understand how she wasn't frozen solid dressed as she was. "You must be freezing," she said, reaching for the heater. "Here, hold on a second." Hot air came billowing out and the girl held her hands to the vent. Her nails were short and painted black. She was smiling and she didn't look even a little bit cold. "Thanks," she said. Bella nodded, again glancing at her. Her legs were long and slim, droplets of water on them. She reached for the key but the car was already running. She cleared her throat, glancing at the girl once more, and then pulled out into the road and the rain. "So," she said. "Where you headed?" "California." "California?" "Mmhm." "You aren't from Forks?" "No." "Oh," Bella said. She glanced at the girl and back at the windshield, turning a corner idly and driving on. "I thought you were just walking home or something." "No," the girl said. "I'm not from around here." "Well, uh…where should I drop you?" "I'm not sure. I was happy just to walk." "You plan to walk all the way to California? Because if you're thinking about hitchhiking, you might want to think again. It's dangerous. Not to mention illegal. How come you're not on a bus?" "I don't like busses. It's too crowded and people always stare. I don't have a lot of money, anyway." "How much do you have?" "Not much." Bella glanced at her, twice, wondering if she was joking. The girl was looking out the window with a certain curiosity, watching the rain and the slideshow of closed shopfronts they passed. She had a stud in her ear, some kind of cheap pink stone. "Well, what do you plan to do when you get to California?" Bella asked. "Do have family there or something?" The girl turned to her, smiling, and gave a little shake of her head. "No." "So what are you going to do?" "I don't know," she said. "Porn?" She was joking, but Bella didn't laugh. She looked at her, unimpressed, and then she turned and pulled the car over by the curb. The girl seemed surprised, but not unpleasantly. She looked at the woman, smiling, sitting there wet and cute and strangely untroubled, as if everything was just fine and the night could not have turned out nicer. Her eyes were stained with wet eyeliner and the rain had dragged paths of black tears on her cheeks despite her smile. Bella cut off the engine. The rain rattled on the roof of the cruiser in the silence. She regarded the girl for a second and took a moment to collect her thoughts. "So let me get this straight," she said. "You're out here in the streets with no money, no home, and no place to go. Is that what you're telling me?" "Basically," she said. Bella exhaled through her nose, and what exactly was she dealing with here? A runaway? A drifter? She couldn't even tell how old she was, although she didn't look over eighteen. "You got any ID on you?" She shook her head, almost guiltily, as if she hated to be a bother but couldn't help it. Bella tapped the steering wheel with a finger and looked her over again. "How old are you?" she asked. "Nineteen." "You don't look nineteen." The girl smiled and shrugged a bare shoulder. "Well, looks can be deceiving," she said. Then she looked at the woman with a studied boldness and said, "I'm old enough to have sex, if that's what you're wondering about." Bella didn't answer for a second. The girl was watching her with eyes that were big and dark and beautiful beyond anything she had ever seen. Long lashes. Batting them, once, twice. Bella swallowed a lump in her throat and kept her face stern. "Look," she said. "It's not every day we get teenage runaway's passing through town and if at all possible I'd prefer not to simply set you out by the side of the road and let you freeze to death somewhere between here and wherever it is you think you're headed. So I'm going to give you two choices. Either I can take you down to the station and hold you there until we figure out who you are and what to do with you, or…I can take you home with me." The girl seemed surprised. She raised her eyebrows and said, "With you?" Bella nodded, a strange blush creeping into her face. "What do you say? You could get cleaned up, dry off, have something to eat. I'll have to call missing persons to see if there's anyone looking for you, but if everything checks out…well, I guess you can get a fresh start in the morning. I'll even give you money for a bus. What do you think?" The girl watched her, a slight tilt to both her head and her lips. Her dark eyes traveled over the woman's tan colored uniform, her face, her long brown hair. "Do you live alone?" she asked. Bella snorted once and reached for the key. "Just me and a cat." "Do you get lonely?" "Sometimes," she said, pulling out into the road. "Do you?" The girl nodded to herself, as if she did get lonely sometimes, but what she said was, "No. I always find someone." It was a short drive back to her place, a small dark house in a street of small dark houses. A scent of rain in the car and wet clothes and a trace of cheap perfume. Bella kept glancing at the girl as she drove and her eyes fluttered more than once over her legs. She looked like a runaway model. It had started to storm by the time she parked the cruiser in the driveway. The girl grabbed her backpack and followed the woman across the soggy lawn to the front door. Bella held her hand over her head as she jogged but she still got wet. The girl giggled and crowded on the porch as Bella unlocked the door. Inside she directed the girl down the corridor to the downstairs bathroom while she went upstairs to find her some clothes. She tore open her dresser drawers and wondered if she was in over her head. The girl seemed like a trendy kind of chick and what if Bella's clothes were below her? She wasn't exactly known around town for her fashion sense. The only dress she had ever owned was a prom dress and most of the wardrobe consisted of pants and slacks in various drab and tasteless colors and her uniform—which is likewise drab and tasteless. In the end she grabbed some socks and underwear and a sweatshirt and a pair of sweatpants—just casual housewear—and went back downstairs. She found the girl lingering in the bathroom and she gave her an awkward smile as she dumped the clothes into the sink. The rain and wind was loud outside. "You can wear these," she said. "Might be a little small, but it's dry." "Thanks," the girl said, and then she pulled off her top. It came away wet and clingy and underneath her small breasts were encased in a lacy black bra. Bella was reaching for the laundrybasket, trying not to stare. "Just put your things in the hamper," she said. "I'll…" The girl continued to undress. Kicking off her boots. Unzipping her shorts and letting them down her legs. She removed her bra, reaching behind her back for the catch and letting the loops fall from her slender shoulders, and then she pushed down her panties—matching black lace like her bra—and finally she took off her socks, lifting one foot then the other as she peeled them off, delicate like a crane. Bella was holding the laundrybasket in both hands like a beggar with a coindish. The girl dropped in her things, smiling. Her nipples on her tiny chest were pink and large. Bella looked away, scooping up the backpack from the floor. Either the girl was waxed or very young. "I'll put this stuff in the washer," she said. "There's nothing illegal in the backpack, is there?" "Well, some of it's shoplifted," said the girl. Bella looked back from the doorway. The girl winked at