AN: This is a giftshot for a friend of mine. Happy Valentine's day. ;) — Three Little Secrets — Early Saturday morning Alice and Rosalie came by to pick me up for our big camping trip. It would be the first time I was going to spend the night away from dad since I came to live with him in Forks and he was anxious enough to follow me out onto the porch when the red Mazda pulled up on the curb. "You be careful in those woods, Bella," he was saying. "You've never been camping before." I had a huge backpack slung over my shoulder and I hefted it up as I turned to say goodbye. "I'll be with Edward the whole time, dad, don't worry." "Yeah, well, he doesn't strike me as much of an outdoorsman." Alice had gotten out of the car and now she came skipping across the lawn to say hello. The cloudcover overhead was thin and white and the filtered sunrays made her skin glisten just barely, not noticeable to most people but noticeable to me. I smiled as she approached. The sky was due to completely clear by afternoon and I couldn't wait to see them all sparkle. "Hi, Charlie!" she called out happily. "Hope you don't mind us borrowing Bella for the weekend." Alice grabbed my arm and grinned, pulling me toward her possessively. Charlie nodded and smiled reluctantly. "Just keep her out of trouble," he said. "How many of you guys are going out there?" "Oh, just all of us. Me, Rosalie, Jasper, Emmett, and Edward." Charlie's brow furrowed slightly. "You all got enough tents?" I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. That was dad's way of making sure that me and my virginity wouldn't be sharing a tent with Edward. He was tactful about it, but it was still embarrassing. He had no idea what a gentleman Edward was. Alice knew what he was asking as well and she smiled about it. "Don't worry, Charlie, Bella will have a tent all to herself, I promise." Charlie nodded at that, only slightly awkward. "Well, you girls have fun," he said. "I want her back by Sunday night, you hear?" Alice giggled. "Don't worry about a thing, Charlie. We'll take really good care of her." Charlie nodded again and looked past her toward the car on the curb. Rosalie had gotten out and she was leaning against the fender with her arms folded and her legs crossed. She was wearing sunglasses and she looked like some model over there. Her blonde hair was luminous and light was glinting off the red hood of the car. Charlie lifted a hand to wave, probably not even remembering her name, and then he turned back to me and Alice. "Well, I'll see you tomorrow," he said, and placed a kiss on my head. "Have fun." "Thanks, dad," I said. "I will." Alice giggled and took the massive backpack off my shoulders and carried it across the lawn as if it weighed no more than a handbag. The car was a convertible and the top was down. Alice threw the pack into the back and Rosalie climbed in behind the wheel. Me and Alice went around the other side, Alice opening the door, and I paused to wave at Charlie. He waved back. Alice let the seat forward for me to climb into the back and then she jumped into the passenger seat "Hi, Rose," I said to her, trying to be friendly. "Thanks for coming to pick me up." "Alice insisted," she said, glancing back to make sure I was putting my seatbelt on. Alice was putting her seatbelt on as well, since even though they were indestructible they still had to follow road rules, and I gave my dad one last wave. Rosalie had already turned the key and now she was pulling away from the curb, gaining speed until we were out of sight of the house before she pushed it as fast as she could go without risk of killing the human in the back. Her long blonde hair was billowing behind her and the wind was riffling through Alice's short black pixiecut. Alice grinned at me over the backrest of her seat, practically bouncing in excitement. "This is so exciting, isn't it? Our first camping trip together." "Are you sure you want me to come along?" I asked, still not sure what purpose I served among them. "Wouldn't I just be a bother to you guys?" Rosalie half turned and opened her mouth from behind the wheel, probably with some sarcastic reply, but Alice cut her off quickly. "Of course not! It's gonna be fun!" "I hope so," I said. "Where's Edward?" "Oh, they're already out there, setting up camp. We're gonna hike up to meet them." I nodded and sat back against the leather seat, tucking whipping locks of dark hair behind my ear. There was a smile on my face and excitement building in my stomach. I didn't care about camping, but I loved the Cullens, especially Alice and Edward. I really hoped Edward had something romantic planned. I could picture him now, sparkling in the sun and maybe giving me a piggyback ride, stopping to pick me a bouquet of wildflowers perhaps. And then the two of us cuddling by an open campfire under the stars before he took me back to my tent where we would…well, go to sleep, I guess. Still. It should be fun. It wasn't a long drive to the hiking trail and soon we were into the woods, just the three of us. Alice and Rosalie were dressed as they always were, in designer labels, and I was outfitted in hiking boots and canvas pants with my pack strapped to my back. It was warm enough that I didn't need a sweater and the sun was already beginning to come out. The path was gravel which crunched under our boots and the trail was lined on either side with bright green trees which were even brighter in the midmorning sunlight. The shadows of the trees lay stencilled over the trail and brief glimmers of glitter played over Alice and Rosalie's faces as they passed through the bands of light. I caught myself staring at them a few times and wondering if they really knew how beautiful they were. Eventually we quit the trail and headed directly into the woods, climbing an embankment of rocks and continuing on among the trees themselves, the trunks thick and dark and covered in bright green moss. The ground was soft and wet with dew and our boots made no sound. Alice was the only one speaking. I was struggling to even keep my breath and Rosalie had never been overly friendly. Alice carried the conversation all on her own, pointing out various plants and flowers, cautioning me away from the poison oak. She lead the way over rocks and windfall logs, giggling, urging us to hurry, prancing about and sparkling in the sun like some woodland nymph guiding us through an enchanted wood. By lunch time I needed to take a break and we nooned in a small copse of cadars as I drank from the waterbottle and unwrapped a sandwich from my pack. Alice sat with me while Rosalie leaned back against a treetrunk and looked about impatiently. "Sorry about this," I said, hating to slow them down. "You guys can go ahead if you want." Alice giggled and flapped a hand. "Oh quiet, you silly human. This is all part of the fun." Rosalie glanced at us and away again. It wasn't a very friendly glance. I noticed it and I wondered why Rosalie was even here. I knew she never did like me very much. Alice was kneeling beside me, legs tucked under her, and I leaned to her with a low voice. "Are you sure you don't want to go on?" I asked. "I don't think Rosalie's having any fun." Alice winked and lowered her voice as well. "Don't let her fool you," she whispered. "She likes being around you just as much as I do." "She does? Why?" "Because you remind her what it's like to be human." I wasn't sure if I understood that, but it made me feel a little better. I glanced at Rosalie and I knew she heard everything with her superhearing even though we'd been speaking quietly. She unleaned from the treetrunk and strode over briskly. "Are we gonna move on sometime today," she said, "or are we gonna sit here all weekend?" Alice and I looked at each other. Then I gobbled the last few bites of my sandwich and started packing everything into the bag. We set out again and we came upon the campsite within the hour. The guys were all there and in the centre of the clearing they had built the biggest tent I had ever seen. It was almost as big as my house, a gigantic cabin-tent with a blue polyester roof and a canvas awing over the door that overhung a pair of lawnchairs and a small outdoor barbeque. "Yo!" Emmett called out. "Look who's finally here!" He had his shirt off and his whole muscular torso was sparkling in the sun. Jasper had a hammer in his hand and he had just stood up from where he'd tapped in the last peg. Edward was standing at a slight distance, like a foreman overseeing the work, and he smiled when he saw me. The sun was glimmering off his perfect face and I smiled as he came over. "You look exhausted," he said, brushing back a sweaty lock of hair from my forehead. I chuckled once. My legs were killing me and I could imagine how red my face was. "Some of us aren't supernatural," I said. "I was lucky to even make it here at all." He smiled and gave me a kiss. It was already afternoon by then and I spent the rest of the day relaxing in one of the lawnchairs and sipping icetea that Alice had made. Rosalie had been inspecting the tent—even though she wouldn't be sleeping in it—and now she was questioning her husband on certain points of its construction, searching for flaws or signs of shoddy workmanship to dress him down with. Before dark Edward and I went for a short walk. He led me to a place where we could watch the sunset together, the edge of a grassy rise that overlooked the forest floor. Stands of tall green trees were rustling in the evening breeze under a skyline of pink and rose and he held me from behind and rocked me in his cool arms as if we too moved in the breeze and together we watched as the sun drained away in a final flare of crimson colour over the darkening woods. By the time we got back to camp Emmett had broken open the cooler and fired up the barbeque. Inside the cooler was an assortment of raw meat and a few vegetable kebabs that Esme had prepared. He was already forking huge slabs of steak onto the grill together with lambchops and sausages and hamburgers and chickenfilets and I wondered how much of that he actually expected me to eat. Rosalie was standing by, admonishing him for not turning the steaks often enough, and Jasper was building a large campfire. Soon the little glade was filled with an orange glow and the scent of roasting meat. I was wondering where Alice was when suddenly there was a loud crack deep in the forest, like a tree falling down, and seconds later Alice wandered back into camp dragging a large tree that she'd uprooted. Together with Jasper they broke off the limbs and branches, stacking them in a pile for firewood, and then they laid the bare trunk in the grass by the fire as a log for