AN: Just a couple things to mention. This story is mostly canon aside from three things: 1) No special vampire gifts, 2) no wolves, and 3) no Volturi. These changes are to avoid needless plot mechanics and narrow the focus to Bella and Victoria. The title of this story is from a song. — Inside the Fire — — Chapter 1: — Four months she had been stalking her. Watching her. Dressed in jeans and a hoody with the hood up to conceal her flaming red hair, her blood red eyes. Waiting. In the morning she would be outside her house, sitting inconspicuously at a bus stop several houses down the block. Observing first the father leaving while it was still dark and waiting another two hours as dawn broke over the neighbourhood, cold and gray and bearing with it a fog that moved in like a plague. The girl would then emerge from the front door with her bookbag slung over her shoulder, dressed much like the stalker herself in jeans and a hoody. Locking the door behind her and trudging across the dew soaked grass, slumped, dim, apparitional in the mist. As if part of her had already passed on and left only this residual image in the world. Climbing into her rusty red truck and coaxing the engine to life in fits and starts and pulling away from the curb and driving to school. She had memorized the girl's routine. Such routine as it was. Most days she simply went to school and home again. In four months she had no contact from the coven who used to occupy this area. They seemed to have abandoned her. That was good for Victoria. Very good. That afternoon she followed the girl to a grocery store and watched her wander the aisles with a basket in the crook of her arm. Victoria kept her hood up to conceal her distinctive hair and pretended to examine a packet of batteries on a rack, her eyes staring at nothing but the girl. Watching her take down a box of cereal from a shelf and read the back of it. Observing her pale face, the small movements of her large dark eyes. Her long dark hair. Her scent was very faintly discernible in the still air and it filled Victoria with thirst, her red eyes all but glowing under her hood. Finally she let the batteries slip from her fingers and sauntered out into the aisle. She approached the girl swiftly, surely, not taking her eyes from her. The girl was setting the cereal into her basket and she turned around directly into the hooded stranger. A small collision, a puff of scent. The box slapped on the linoleum floor. "Oh," the girl said. "Sorry." "No problem," Victoria replied. The girl had bent to fetch up the box. Victoria did not step back. She allowed the girl to kneel directly at her feet, looking down at the back of her head. She could kill her any time she wished. Even now. The girl rose and looked at the stranger uncomfortably. She saw the red eyes under the hood and the white face. White like pearl and as lustrous. Victoria heard her heart skip a beat but she did not seem to recognize her. Then she turned away and continued down the aisle and did not look back. — Bella when she got home with the groceries still could not get those eyes out of her head. Vampire eyes. But she didn't know of any vampires in Forks and did not know what to do about it even if she did, so she did nothing. She made dinner, marinating the steaks and peeling potatoes before sitting down at the kitchen table to do homework. Jotting notes and pausing midsentence as her mind wandered to those eyes. So red. So bright. She cooked the steaks after her father came home and they sat down together, her dad tucking a napkin into the collar of his uniform shirt. He was the local police chief. They started eating and after a while he noticed his daughter's quietness. "You okay, Bells?" "Yeah. Just thinking." "About him ?" Bella shook her head. As she did so, her eyes flickered at the refrigerator where a photograph from prom was pinned down with magnets. Her and Edward. Smiling. Happy. Him in his tuxedo and her in her blue gown. Her hair styled and earrings in her ears. She looked away and back at her plate. "No," she said. "So what's wrong?" "Nothing. I thought I saw something at the market." "Saw what?" "Nothing. Just something weird." He nodded, not pressing it. He sawed off a section of steak with his knife and ate it and took a drink from a beer bottle. Bella hadn't touched her own steak and was only eating the vegetables. The silence stretched and finally her father set the bottle back down. "So how are you feeling these days, anyway?" "I'm alright." "Are you sure?" "I'm fine, dad." "I'm just worried about you, Bells." Bella hadn't looked up from her plate. She knew what he was worried about. She was worried about the same thing. There used to be a straight-razor in a bathroom drawer but he had gotten rid of it. She knew because she had looked for it. Those red eyes stayed with her for the rest of the night but were mostly gone the next morning. Nothing much stayed with her these days. Movies, TV shows. Music. School. Life largely seemed to be passing her by at this point. As if she was only watching it unfold and without even much interest. Driving to school in rain or drizzle and home again in the same weather or worse. Sitting through classes with friends or acquaintances that she hardly talked to anymore and whom hardly talked to her either. Following them through the halls and corridors, up the stairs, standing with them at their lockers or in line in the cafeteria. No idea what they were talking about. Some boy who was an asshole. Bella knew all about boys who were assholes. One of them in particular. They sat with their trays at one of the tables and Bella ate woodenly, her eyes drifting to a certain other table. An empty table in the corner which had once been known as the Cullen Table. Where Edward used to sit with his family and pretend to eat while constantly sneaking glances at her. Now he was gone and it was Bella sneaking glances at nothing at all. "Bella," Jessica said. "Hello?" Bella turned to her. Not startled, not annoyed, not bored. Just turning to her. "Yeah?" Jessica looked at her with disgust on her small rat-like face. "Jeez, were you even listening?" "No. Sorry." "You know, no offence, Bella, but it's really pathetic to be this depressed over a boyfriend. I mean, seriously, get over it already." "He was more than a boyfriend." "What was he then? Your soulmate? Jesus. That's even more pathetic." Bella shrugged and took a bite of her sandwich. Angela was watching me with sympathy. "Hey, we were gonna go see a movie afterschool," she said. "Wanna come?" "Nah, it's alright." "Come on, come see a movie." "Nah, I better not." "Please?" Bella wound up going. They took her truck, neither of her friends with cars of their own. The movie was a romantic comedy that came out a week ago. The theatre was utterly empty aside from the three of them in one of the middle rows. Jessica had her phone out and wouldn't stop talking about how crap the movie was. Bella just watched it. Admiring the male lead wistfully. Until after a while she had to use the bathroom and rose to her feet. Behind them someone else had entered the theatre and taken a seat in the back row. Just a dark hooded shape back there. Bella watched it as she went by and as she went by the hood turned slightly and beneath it was a pale face and a pair of red eyes that glowed like jewels in the pale light of the movie. Bella continued out of the theatre and into the bathroom. Her heart had started racing. She didn't know what to do. Finally she washed her hands and went back into the theatre. The hooded figure was gone but she kept looking over her shoulder for the rest of the movie. — Victoria after leaving the theatre went directly to the girl's house, knowing that neither her nor her father would be home. She had waited months in order to be sure the other coven would not return and now she could wait no longer. She had let the girl notice her twice and the third time would be the last. She had stolen a key a long time ago and now she let herself in through the front door, pushing back her hood to expose her bright orange hair. The father's police cruiser was not parked outside but she stood in the foyer anyway, listening for any kind of sound that might react to her closing the door. There was nothing. She wandered in. It wasn't the first time she had been here but she explored a bit anyway. Strolling through the living room and trailing a hand across the back rest of the sofa. Where the girl and her father would watch football games while the girl read a novel. She continued into the kitchen and looked at the photograph on the refrigerator. The girl and the murderer of her mate. Victoria stared at it. She had no photographs of her own mate. No likeness but what she kept in her heart. She stared at it for a long time and then she pulled it off the refrigerator and scrunched it into a ball and left it laying on the kitchen floor. Upstairs she went directly to the girl's bedroom. Where her scent was thickest. The smell made her throat burn and filled her with even more anger. She stood there looking around. There was a desk in the corner with a computer on it and posters of certain rock groups on the wall behind it. Disturbed. Avenged Sevenfold. Demonic imagery of bats and blood. Beside the keyboard was a small cluster of nailpolish bottles. Victoria took one up and examined the shade. Black. Nice. She set it down and took up a small A5 notebook. The covers were black leather and the insides were filled with various attempts at poetry. The script was in black ink and almost every line contained words scrubbed out and changed. Victoria flipped the pages. There was one small unfinished verse toward the end of the journal that caught her eye. Fire, All I desire. As I begin to turn cold and run out of time. Sever, Now and forever. Surrender my soul and… And that's as far as the girl's wit had carried her. A poem about suicide. Interesting. A shame she would never have the chance to finish it. Victoria closed the notebook and set it back on the desk. The bed was against the other wall. She sat down on it and felt herself descending into a sweet miasma of the girl's scent. She closed her eyes for a moment. They were darker when they opened. She looked at the bed and brushed her hand across the sheet. As if to correct the wrinkles. Then she took up the girl's pillow and lifted it to her nose. Her eyes fell closed again. Her throat burned. The girl had a scent unlike any human she had ever encountered. She could understand why her mate had wanted her so. She wanted her in the same way. Victoria lowered the pillow and set it back where she got it from. From downstairs came the click and clatter of the front door opening and she