— Blood Slave — — Chapter 1: — It was lust at first sight. I didn't even see her approach me. I was getting drinks at the bar for me and my friend, just standing there and swaying my hips idly to the music while I waited, and suddenly there she was. Standing beside me and leaning slightly on the bartop. Looking at me. Smiling. As if she'd been waiting for me to notice her. My hips stopped moving instantly. My breath stopped as well. She was gorgeous. I had never seen her before and in a lesbian bar that was kind of rare. It's generally a small community and after a while you've already met and slept with everyone. But I would've remembered meeting someone like her. Her hair was short and black, like a dark Tinkerbelle, and her full lips were painted in thick red lipstick. Her eyes were huge and as black as her hair, and she flickered them over my body, up, down, before the corner of her smile lifted up into a smirk. "Hey," she said. She hadn't spoke loudly, but I heard her even over the music. My heart had stopped as well and now it kickstarted back to life. My open mouth jerked into a dazed smile and I might've even giggled. "Hey," I replied. She smiled at me for a measured minute and I used the time to check her out discreetly. Her body was even better than her face. Tight waist, long legs. Cute boobs. All wrapped up in a sexy black cocktail dress. I myself was only wearing jeans and a top. There was no real dress code for places like these, and I was only here with a friend, not interested in meeting someone or hooking up. Until now. Something about this woman was driving me crazy. The music in the background was almost entirely drowned away and I could clearly hear my own heart beating above the bass. She was just so fucking sexy. I looked at her slim white legs with my mouth open, noting her black leather spike heels. I gulped and lifted my eyes. She was looking at my face and her expression was haughty and only slightly impressed, as if she saw girls like me all the time but I might be a little better. I hoped I looked good. I wasn't wearing makeup, but I had a clear complexion and a natural kind of beauty, and my hair was long, dark, and wavy. More importantly, my boobs were big, which was a bonus on any woman. While we were staring at each other, the bartender arrived with my drinks. Two beers in big glass steins. I snapped out of the trance long enough to pay and then I turned back to the woman in the black dress, hoping she would still be there. She was, and she hadn't taken her eyes from my face. She smiled. "I noticed you from across the room," she said. "What's your name?" "Bella," I told her. "Bella," she repeated, as if tasting it. "I'm Alice." I smiled shyly and nodded. Then I felt a rush of humiliation for being so lame. I should've said something, anything, but I was paralysed. I had never physically reacted to a person the way I was now. Already I could feel my lower areas tingling with interest. She smiled at how I blushed and looked away. She was still regarding me with her big dark eyes, and now her smile widened. She looked across the bar, the first time she had taken her eyes from me since I saw her, and then she turned back. Her gaze landed on a lock of my hair which had fallen over my shoulder, and, very deliberately, she reached into my personal space and brushed it aside for me. Hot tingles blazed across my body at her audacity, and she didn't stop there; she touched my shoulder, caressing it a little, and then lowered her hand until her knuckles brushed the side of my boob causing a spike of lust to jam directly into my core. "You wanna get out of here, Bella?" she asked idly. I was stunned. I could hardly process what was happening, but I figured I must've misunderstood. "And go where?" She shrugged, rolling her eyes at my coyness but not quite giving up. "Does it matter where? Come on, I get so bored of seducing girls. Just come with me. It's not like you'd say no anyway. You don't have a girlfriend, do you?" I shook my head, my heart pounding. "No." "Then let's go," she said. "I need someone to fuck." A dizzy chuckle escaped me. She was actually serious. And even though I was suddenly scared and excited out of my mind, I quickly gave a few nods and grabbed the beers off the bar. "Just let me tell my friend I'm leaving," I said. "Okay, but hurry up," she said, tucking her purse under her arm. "My car's out front." Then she turned and walked away. I watched her, the beer steins in my hands. She didn't look back. She wove directly across the dancefloor and chicks stopped dancing to make way and stare at her. Her black dress barely covered her ass and her hips rolled like a whore's. "Fuck," I whispered. I kept staring at where she disappeared, my heart racing in my throat, and then it occurred to me that she probably would not like to be kept waiting. I almost split the beer when I realized I better hurry. My bestfriend, Angela, was still waiting at our table. She had her phone out and she was staring at the screen with a desperate expression. She looked up when I put down the drinks and her mouth was already open to tell me about how terrible her girlfriend was about replying to texts, but I cut her off. "Oh my god," I said, "I just met someone." "Really? Where?" It was a stupid question, but I was much too flustered to answer cleverly. "At the bar. She, we—look, it doesn't matter. I gotta go. I think we're gonna fuck." I said the last part with a delirious little giggle. She frowned. "What, just like that? Who is she?" "I don't know," I said, not even remembering her name. "She just came up and hit on me. Listen, I'll call you tomorrow and tell you what happens. You gonna be okay getting a cab?" "Yeah, but are you sure about this? Since when do you go home with random chicks who don't even buy you a drink first?" "Since I got an offer," I said, and then I picked up my beer and gulped down as much of it as I could. I was gonna need a little bit of alcohol to get through this. I slammed it back down and wiped my mouth. "Talk to you tomorrow, okay?" Angela nodded again, clearly disapproving, and I barely paused to smile before I spun and ran out the bar. The woman was waiting for me by her car, a little red Porsche. I'd never been the kind of girl to be turned on by a car, but I got to admit, it did give me a little thrill. She saw me coming from across the street and got in behind the steering wheel without greeting me or acknowledging me in any way, simply assuming I would follow. I did. A rich smell of perfume and fresh leather. My heart instantly began racing again and I barely had the door closed and both legs in the car before she started the engine and sped off. She drove very fast, shifting through the gears, hardly even watching the road. I was putting on my seatbelt but my hands were fumbling so bad that I almost whimpered from how difficult it was. "So, um, where are we going?" I asked. "I guess we could go to your place," she said. "Do you live alone?" "Um, yeah. Just me and a cat." She smiled at the rearview and then smiled at me. "Sounds good to me," she said. I chuckled and nodded. Sounded pretty good to me, too. I gave her directions back to my place and soon we were pulling up outside my apartment building. We hadn't talked much and mostly I was just quietly stunned at what I was doing. I never did things like this and I couldn't comprehend why I was doing it now. But all it took was one glance at her smile or her dress to convince me that now was a good time to start. The cat must've heard the key in the lock because it was waiting for me as soon as we entered. Usually she would come right to me and weave about my ankles affectionately to beg for food, but as soon as she saw my guest she jumped back and hissed with her fur standing up. "Missy!" I scolded her, and then I turned to the woman and apologised with a chuckle. "Sorry about that, she's just hungry. I'll be right back." The woman simply stood there with an air of faint amusement. I gave her another apologetic smile before scooping up the cat and bringing her into the kitchen. I didn't know why Missy was so upset. She was usually scared of strangers, but never so hostile. I tried to soothe her with whispering and petting before putting her down on the kitchen table and tearing open a tin of food. I scraped some onto a plate and put it down for her, scratching behind her ear and quietly begging her not to interrupt me tonight, not with this chick. Just to be safe, I would close the bedroom door. Missy would understand. I went back into the front room, but the woman wasn't there anymore. She had wandered into the bedroom and she turned around when I closed the door. "Hope you don't mind the door closed," I said. "Keeps the cat out." "It's fine," she said, and then she toed an old pair of jeans in the floor with her black leather shoe. "You're not very neat, are you?" I blushed and quickly started tidying up. "Well, I don't usually, um…" I was bobbing down at her feet to pick up the jeans and I lost my train of thought when I looked at her legs. She hadn't stepped back or moved an inch. Her knees were right there in front of me, so close I could kiss them. I lifted my eyes and she smiled down at me. "You're very nervous, aren't you?" I gulped and sprang to my feet, chuckling it away. There were still a few discarded garments and I grabbed them all up and tossed them into the hamper. "Well, yeah," I said, "I don't usually, um…" I gestured with a hand, as if to grope for the right word. Why was I finding it so difficult to explain that I hadn't been expecting company? She smiled and placed her purse on my dresser. "Don't do what?" she asked. "Um, this ," I said, almost squeaking. "With girls I don't know." She had sauntered up to me and now she snaked her hands at my waist. "I do it all the time," she said. "I pick up a girl and I go home with her. Just for fun. Only the tasty ones get to see me again. Are you tasty, Bella?" She was a tiny bit shorter than me and she was looking directly into my eyes. I blushed shyly. "I don't know," I said. She smiled and narrowed her dark eyes with a sexy kind of aggressiveness. "Oh, I think you are," she said, and then she leaned to inhale the crook of my neck. "You smell absolutely delicious." Then she was kissing my throat. Then my jawline. My heart thumped