AN: Hi. I wanted to write something fluffy just for fun, and this is the idea I came up with. The story will be mostly fluff and soap, with lots of tingly feelings and very little realism. Hope you like it! — Tripping Through the Tulips — — Chapter 1: — The Forks Academy for Girls. Situated in a quiet wood outside a small town in rural Washington, the Academy was one of the most prestigious boarding schools in the country. Boasting a scenic campus, an advanced curriculum, and state of the art computer technology, the Academy was truly a place where gifted young women could flourish. But none of that impressed Bella as much as the uniforms. She was on her way to the Academy right now and she was gazing at a glossy brochure she held in her lap. The picture was intended to showcase the hallowed ivy covered hall that stood on a hill stamped against a bright blue sky but it was the girls in the foreground that Bella was staring at. They were dressed identically in pleated navy blue miniskirts and crisp white blouses and the photo was taken at a slight upward angle so that you could almost see up their skirts. So far it was the only thing Bella liked about her new school but even the anime-esque uniforms weren't enough to actually excite her. She sighed heavily and her mother glanced at her as she drove. "Excited, sweetie?" Bella snorted. "No." "No? How come no?" "It's a new school, mom. Why would I be excited?" "Because look at this place!" her mom said, and snatched the brochure out of her hands. The car swerved but she caught the steering wheel and straightened it out before they could ram into any of the trees lining the road. "I mean, isn't it amazing? Swimming pools, tennis courts, luxury dorms. No boys, but that shouldn't bother you ." Bella frowned and snatched back the brochure. "Who cares if there's no boys? It's not like I'd have a chance with any of the girls there. I bet they're all just a bunch of rich snobs." "Oh Bella." "It's true." "Don't be silly, everybody's going to love you." "Yeah right," Bella muttered, and turned her gaze out the window. Out there was nothing but a blur of trees as they drove deeper into the forest and she felt like some orphan being driven out into the woods by a stepmother who planned to leave her there—which was basically true. "Just try to be nice, okay sweetie?" her mother pleaded. "You're gonna love it there, I promise." — It was midmorning at the Academy and a bright sun shone over the courtyard. The lanes and paths were littered with girls coming and going—some with parents and bags, most in uniforms—and there was high a din of birds and voices as old friends embraced and exclaimed how much they missed each other. In the center of the plaza there was a large and ornate ivory fountain which featured a ring of pearl-white dolphins basking under a steady sprinkle of water. Around the rim of the fountain sat a group of athletic looking girls with short hair who had gathered there to jeer and catcall at the new girls. Several of them were wearing their winter pants instead of skirts and they looked almost like boys. A girl they recognized was going by with the sun shining in her red hair and instantly they began hooting at her. "Woo hoo, nice to see your back Vicky!" "And your front!" "And your legs!" They laughed and jostled each other boisterously. Victoria smiled at them haughtily. She wore her blouse untucked and with a few buttons undone to reveal some cleavage and she wore her socks as low as possible to expose most of her legs. "What's the matter," one of the girls at the fountain called out, a tough looking brunette named Leah, "didn't they have any shorter skirts?" Victoria swaggered past her boyish admirers with an emphatic roll of her hips and said: "This was the shortest they had, but I might have it altered if I get enough complaints." The girl-jocks let out a whoop and almost leaned into the jets of water to watch her round the bend. The main gates of the school were polished brass that gleamed in the sun. Bella and her mother were going up the steps that led into the courtyard, through the open gates and past the marble pillars were two gold angels stood with harps. Bella glanced about, nervous. All the girls seemed really pretty. Her mother was leading the way with a map in her hands and mumbling about how confusing it was. "This map doesn't even make sense, I can't even…" "It's upside down, mom." "Oh," her mother said, and flipped it around. "Right. Now." She looked at the map, she looked up. "Where's the financial aid office?" They were standing in the middle of the plaza, near the fountain, and by now the girl-jocks had noticed the awkward girl standing with her mother, dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, dark hair, kind of cute. One of them pointed her out to her friends and they all began to hoot. "Looky here!" "New girl!" "Hey, cutie!" "Take off your top, baby, that ain't a uniform!" They cackled and elbowed each other rowdily. "Good lord," her mother said, glancing in bewilderment at those short haired hooligans before taking her daughter's arm and leading her away, shielding her from view with her body. Bella felt a flicker of delight and even smiled over her shoulder. The main building was at the end of the lane and up a short flight of steps, a large brick built hall with rows of windows like an antique manor. Inside the board floors were polished so bright you could see your reflection and the receptionist was standing behind a bench of polished mahogany. There were two girls already there with questions about their classes and one of them smiled at Bella. Bella flashed a nervous smile in return. The headmistress of the Academy was a tall woman with long black hair. She was dressed in black heels and a black business suit and she was sexier than a supermodel. She invited Bella and her mother into her office and Bella stared at the tight behind of her skirt as she led them down a corridor. A gold nameplate on the door said: Headmistress Sulpicia Volturi The headmistress opened the door and held it open for them to enter, favoring them each with a smile of red lipstick. Bella's heart almost jumped out of her chest, the woman was so hot. "Well, it certainly is nice to finally meet you, Miss Swan," the headmistress was saying as she closed the door. "Please, take a seat." Bella and her mother sat down in the two chairs in front of the darkwood desk. Her mother had her purse in her lap and even she seemed slightly taken aback by this black-haired beauty. "While my assistant takes care of the financial details, I thought I would take the time to get to know you a little," said the headmistress, taking a seat behind her desk. "Here at the Academy we take the care of our students very seriously. I encourage my faculty to take a special interest in each girl's individual wants and… needs ." A slight emphasis on the word needs, a mild leer in Bella's direction. Bella and her mother shared a glance. They both seemed a little confused. "Well, that's good to know," her mother said. The headmistress smiled at her and turned the smile to Bella. "So, Miss Swan," she said. "Where do you see yourself in ten years' time?" "Err, I don't know." "Bella's never been very ambitious," her mother chimed in. "Well, not to worry," said the headmistress. "We'll narrow her focus soon enough. Our records show she has marvelous potential. You're a very bright girl, aren't you Miss Swan?" "Err, I guess." "And very beautiful too," added the headmistress sultrily. "Educating you is going to be a real… pleasure. " A deep red blush was spreading over Bella's face and she shot a helpless glance at her mother. Her mother seemed to be framing her next words in her mind, perhaps a question concerning what kind of education the woman was referring too, but before she could speak there was a knock on the door. "Hello?" chirped a girl's voice. "Am I interrupting?" Bella turned in her chair. The door was partly open and a girl with a pixie-cut was poking her head in. "Ah, Alice," said the headmistress, rising from her desk. "Right on time. Miss Swan, this is Alice Brandon. She'll be your roommate for your first year here at the Academy. I arranged for her to come meet you and show you around a little." The girl had come into the office and she was smiling at Bella. She was small and gorgeous and she looked neat and presentable in her clean white blouse and pressed miniskirt. Bella floated to her feet, staring. "H-hi," she stuttered. The girl gave a quirky wave. "Hey," she giggled. The headmistress had come around the desk and she motioned with a sweep of her arm toward the door. "Well, I'm sure you're eager to get settled," she said to Bella. "It was nice to meet you, Miss Swan." "Nice to meet you too, Miss um…?" "Volturi. But the girls like to call me Mistress." "Mistress?" "Yes, Mistress. Now run along. Your mother and I have lots to talk about." The headmistress ushered the two girls out of the room and closed the door behind them before turning back to the girl's mother. She was sitting there with her purse in her lap, nervous. The headmistress approached the desk but she didn't sit behind it. Instead she perched her hip on the edge and folded her long white legs, one over the other. The other woman stared at them, open mouthed. The headmistress rubbed her thighs together slightly, as if to make herself comfortable, and smiled. "Now," she said. "Where were we?" — The dormitories were a trio of tall buildings connected by a courtyard known as the Garden. The Garden featured gravel lanes and a large cherry tree as the center piece with pink blossoms that flaked off in the wind and in the sunlight. Under the tree was a bed of lush looking grass and two brass benches. One of the benches were occupied by a pair of girls who were comparing things on their phones and the gravel lanes were heavily trafficked by girls and their parents. "These are the dorms," Alice was saying as she led Bella down the path, their shoes crunching in the gravel. "There's three different buildings, one for each of the houses. The houses used to be named after old teachers, but now they're named after flowers. We're in House Violet. The other two houses are House Rose and House Lily." "Cool." "So, today's your first day?" "Basically." "Do you like it so far?" Bella looked about at the girls in their uniforms and at the butterflies fluttering above the beds of flowers and at the façade of the stately dormitory they were entering and she actually chuckled once. "It's pretty cool," she said. The inside of the building looked like the interior of a victorian mansion, with polished floors and heavy drapes framing the windows. The lobby was an open area with upholstered settees, cream in color, and the air was abuzz with activity like a beehive of young girls. A spiral staircase led up into the upper floor and the steps were carpeted with embroidered red and gold tapestry. "Our dorms are upstairs," Alice was saying. "You're lucky you're enrolling in grade ten. Any lower and you have to sleep in the communal dorm