Naked News SM OWNS IT ALL CHAPTER One Five minutes...I've still got five minutes...hurry up you fucking twats...slow fucking car drivers...four minutes...SHIT... I'm going to miss it... He rushed through traffic, careening around the corner onto his avenue and all but threw himself out of the car as soon as he had parked onto his impressive drive. He paid no attention to the beautiful architecture of his own design as he normally did, rushing instead to get inside and switch on the television. Damn clients, keeping me late...I almost missed her starting... Fingers now trembling in excitement, he quickly started the evening routine as soon as he locked the door. Curtains shut, house phone off the hook, mobile phone switched off and pager switched off, he dimmed the lights and tried to pick up the remote control to his 70 inch HD flat screen that was bolted onto his wall. It took him several tries as his fingers were trembling in excitement but finally he managed to click on the television and switch it to the right channel. He eased himself into his favourite lazy-chair and brought his hands to rest upon his thighs, taut with excitement. The familiar music was blasting out of his speakers and like some sort of perverted pavlovian response, he felt himself getting...ready...to watch the upcoming visual... 'Good evening America! This is Isabella Swan reporting for Naked News!' CHAPTER TWO 'Good evening America! This is Isabella Swan reporting for Naked News!' He listened to her beautiful deep voice, so confident and sexy. He could tell that she was more than just a pretty face...and awesome body. He may or may not have googled her once...or a thousand times and had learned that not only did she have a Masters in Distinction for Journalism but that she had worked for two years freelancing in politically dangerous climates all over the world. It only made her sexier. 'This evening I will be covering the headlines from political news of the day to trending articles from all over the globe,' she said seductively on screen. Covering the news...whilst uncovering her sexy as fuck body. Fuck me. He watched with bright green eyes as she started her clever coverage and pithily written stance on the news of the day (that he suspected she wrote herself), all the while running her fingers through her gorgeous long hair. She was wearing a sexy black skirt suit that displayed the tautness of her legs' sexy musculature and the deep line of her bounteous bosom. She teasingly ran her soft looking fingers over her hour glass figure before slowly starting to unbutton the three pins on her jacket. One... Sexy midriff and toned stomach muscles, naughty belly jewel peeking out from the dark fabric. Two... Hint of a black lace bra that he could only hope was part of a matching set. Three... Magnificent torso and outline framed in sinful underwear. Her chocolate eyes almost seemed to be following him as his choppy movements kept true to his stringent routine. NN-NN-NN-NN-NN-NN-NN-NN If anyone were to be passing by the impressive estate on the end of Porteco Street, designed by the famous Edward Cullen they would wonder why he appeared to be having a fight with someone, or at least a passionate debate. Everyone knew that he lived alone but he must make regular phone correspondence or something similar because the evening dog walkers of Porteco Street knew that if they deigned to listen, at precisely 7.37pm every night, they would hear Edward Cullen lamenting to an unknown deity about someone called Isabella. 'Ahhh!...UUUUUUUGHHhhh...OH GOD ISABELLA!'. CHAPTER THREE SM OWNS IT ALL Until recently, Edward Cullen's schedule was a regimented 'thing of beauty' that he did not sway from for anything. He woke up at precisely 5.45am every work day. He would immediately roll out of his plush bed and wince as his lengthy body came in contact with the cold antique floor. He would crunch his impressive abdominals precisely one hundred times before stretching out his various muscles and changing into some running gear. A half hour run round through the quiet American suburbs was followed by an efficient shower and nutritious breakfast whilst catching up on the evens of the world via the news channel. He would leave for work promptly at 7.00am and usually beat morning traffic (including a stop for extremely overpriced morning coffee) to be at his company's buildings by 7.45am. His working day would be stringently scheduled by his efficient, if highly annoying, personal assistant Tanya Denali. Clients, working lunches, strategy meetings with Jasper and Emmett, working functions; they were all commonplace during his working schedule. After enduring at least a few attempts at unwanted seduction from his delusional assistant, he would converse with her for fifteen minutes at the end of each day, catching up on important correspondence and generally reviewing for the next day. Unlike his morning ritual, he would undoubtedly be caught in evening traffic on his way home, an artefact of his busy schedule which was only slightly mollified by the luxury of the Aston Martin which is derriere was currently sitting in. After twiddling with the myriad buttons on his dashboard, he would grumble and gripe at the inarticulate dithering of what passed for radio presenting these days, before angrily switching the whole things off, often finding that at this point he was more or less near his impressively designed (if he did say so himself) home. He would drive his car up the stately drive that curved round to meet an impressive four door garage that conveniently looked upon the entire front of his mansion. He would sit for five minutes in the heat of his car and look at the curved lines of his own design and the simple majesty of joining antiquity with a hint of modern thinking. With a soft sigh and half smile, he would park his car and walk through the front door of his home. Then came the part of his routine which Edward Cullen admitted to himself was not efficient. He would look around the magnificent rooms, filled with beautiful things, some of his own design and would feel the gut wrenching loneliness and longing for companionship that had pervaded his adult life for as long as he would remember. He would look around at the various pictures on the wall that showed his remarkable family in various poses, but not one of them was filled with a picture of a significant other. He would wander into his magnificent kitchen and mindlessly heat up a meal that was distinctly designed for one, all the while lamenting the fact that the family sized breakfast bar or the industrial sized silver topped cooker had in fact never been used by any number greater than one. After finishing a meal which more often than not was bland as all hell and downing one small glass of red wine, he would walk about the various rooms on the first floor of his mansion, broodingly reflecting that all of his hard work and sacrifice was for naught if he didn't have anyone to share it with. During one particularly depressing evening, he was mindlessly sitting in a lazy chair in his TV room, for once abandoning his strict routine for the sake of his maudlin melancholy. Flipping through channel after channel his mind was screaming at him for something new, something...just different than the ordinary. Call it fate, call it kismet or sheer dumb luck, but during the mindless switching of channels, his mind caught a flash of the word 'naked' and of the most fucking gorgeous brown eyes he had ever seen. Swiftly turning back, his body not really recognising the reason for the need to be so fast in finding the channel, he tutted and cursed until he found what he was looking for. A bright studio decked out like a news station but with the title 'Naked News'. What the fuck? How can news be naked? And then, wonder of all wonders. The most beautiful woman he had ever had the fortune to see with his own two eyes graced the screen. She was curvy and naturally beautiful, with gleaming brown/red hair that almost reached her backside. Her eyes were beautifully brown, almost like chocolate and they seemed to be laughing all on their own. And then she spoke. He watched with verdant green eyes as those sumptuously plump lips moulded around that sinfully pink tongue to release what would quickly become his favourite words in the English language. In sexy, husky tones, this mysterious brown haired nymph looked directly at him and spoke. 'Good evening America! This is Isabella Swan reporting for Naked News!' CHAPTER FOUR 'Yo Eddie! What are we doing for lunch today?' Edward looked from his screen, absently chewing his pen to find his life-long friend and business partner Emmett McCarty looming in the doorframe to his office. He was currently tweaking the final designs of a project that worked with the idea of solar panelling, a venture which he had agreed to take on purely for the fact that it was something he had never done before. It was interesting and satisfying work but was challenging and absolutely exhausting for him, considering the extensive research he had to do. 'Emmett, please don't call me Eddie, you know I hate that,' he muttered, eyes flickering back to the screen momentarily. A snickering giggle that most wouldn't expect from the hulking behemoth standing before him was his only answer. Finally deciding to give his friend his full attention, he looked up. 'Have you phoned Jasper to see if he is free? We could all go out together. I can only manage forty five minutes though before I have my next meeting,' he told his friend. Emmett might be known for being a joker, but he looked up on his friend with slight concern, his bright blue eyes taking in the small lines that now graced his friends face and the lack of personal touches in his office. I can't imagine being as lonely as him. So glad I met Rosie. I wonder if she knows anyone we could set him up with... 'Yeah I phoned, he should be in the lobby in five minutes. Let's go to Riley's, I could so do with their house lasagne. Besides, that cute blonde might be working today', he hinted teasingly. That brought a real scowl to Edward's face and he narrowly avoided throwing his stapler had his friends head. Knowing my luck it would be the stapler that endured the most damage. NN NN NN NN NN NN NN NN NN NN NN As he pressed the button to close the door to his garage, he only just managed to stop himself from throwing the damn thing across the drive. He had ended up having to stay an hour later than planned as the afternoon had just turned into a giant cluster-fuck of epic proportions. A million small things such as printer failures, inept personal assistants and malfunctioning lifts had resulted in dual reasons for his epic bad mood which was such a contrast to his mood from earlier. He had enjoyed a great lunch with his oldest friends in the world catching up on their news and talking about a potential new client that Jasper might have through his wife Alice. On the other hand, he had avoided the less than subtle attentions of the aforementioned blonde at Riley's. It's not that she wasn't pretty, or even bland. She was lovely and charming, but did about as much for him attraction wise as the thought of Emmett in a man-kini. I really do prefer brunettes , he thought, thoroughly disgruntled. And so the second reason for his bad mood? He had missed his daily dose of ambrosia. Scuffing his feet like a small child, he walked dejectedly into his TV room and mindlessly flipped through the