A Summer at the Beach Ugh, why must Bianca force me to stay here? I mean really if she wanted me to 'get out more' she could've just left me in the city, but no she just had to leave me at the beach. I hate the beach, I also hate flying but she makes me do that too. But really I mean for the WHOLE day. I mean I love my sister and all but a WHOLE day, was that really necessary? That was the reason I was stuck at the beach, not allowed anywhere else, and not allowed to do anything really. I mean I hated swimming and don't know how, making a sand castle is for babies, and I would be yelled and jeered at if I tried to play volleyball. I don't have anything to do but sit around all day. I'd been here for hours and still have hours to go, ugh. Right now I hate my sister. ᇫ ᇫ ᇫ I jumped up on too tall life guard chair, I loved the beach. I knew that sighing up for life guard duty this summer would be great (insert cheeky smile). I looked around nothing interesting was happening, no one was drowning, no parties were going on, and no one interesting was here. I surveyed again looking for something to do. Hhmm nothing to do and no one to talk to, where were Grover and Annabeth, my coworkers and best friends. Wait, who was that kid sitting on the black beach towel? He looked bored; most people were in the water or playing volleyball. He was sitting there. I jumped down from the tower when I saw Grover coming over, "Dude you think you could take your shift now? I only have another seven minutes, thanks man." I patted his shoulder before running over to the boy. ᇫ ᇫ ᇫ I lay down still bored when I saw a guy in a red life guard T-shirt running over to me, what did I do? I got up to greet him in my special way, "Dude, what the hades do you want with me and why?" I'd been told not to swear by Bianca, anyways I didn't like people and people don't like me, simple as that. "Jeez, dude no need to get all defensive. You just looked bored so I came to see why," the guy said raising his hands in surrender. "My name's Percy. I wanted to see if I could help you enjoy the beach." "I'm Nico and I don't like the beach and was forced here by my sister," I said flatly, I wanted him to leave so I could sneak off. I looked up to see Percy disappointed. "Sorry, I was bored and didn't have anything to do, but if you want me to leave okay, I guess." "I guess I could stay and see what you want to do," I said reluctantly I didn't want him to be sad plus he was the first to care what I wanted. I looked back at him tilting my head to the side, plus he's nicer than the others who talked to me. He nodded before looking me up and down, "Hhmm, do you have any thing you can swim in?" He asked glancing towards the water. "Um, I don't know how to swim," I said sheepishly rubbing the back of my head. "I've never liked the water … or the flying much." "Well, I never liked going underground or in the sky either, but I love the water. I can teach you how to swim, and if I you're worried how could I make it on the life guard if I wasn't good at swimming?" He asked, all the while smiling reassuringly. Gods he was nice and I did agree with his arguments. I nodded as he grabbed my hand tugging me forwards. I jumped up and ran after him, infected by his eagerness. I slowed down when I didn't feel Percy tugging him anymore, "Why'd you stop?" Percy ran back to me and hauled me up on his shoulder, "You were going to0 slow, and this'll be faster," he smirked at me and started running. "Hold on tight." Percy sprinted towards the water, sand kicking up and people started to stare at the guy with a kid thrown over his shoulder. I started to panic when I looked over Percy's shoulder at the rising surf, "Percy don't take me to the water. You know that I can't swim." Percy ignored me and continued running, he was at the edge of the surf now and heading in. I closed my eyes anticipating the ice cold water. I never felt it, well I did but I only felt the cool water around my feet. I opened my eyes to see the back of Percy head. He was still swimming through the water even with me on his back. Jeez, he was strong, I mean it must have been hard to sprint down a beach, while carrying me on his back then carry me on his back while in the water. ᇫ ᇫ ᇫ We had finally had arrived at our destination; a cliff on the edge of the beach. I looked around, "Why'd you bring me here?" "I told you I was going to teach you to how to swim and I thought you might not want all those people there while we 'worked'," Percy said calmly before lifting me off him. I stood on the edge looking over towards the other side of the beach where everyone else was, "Yeah, you're right, I wouldn't want anyone else seeing me make a fool of myself." I turned back over to see Percy heading towards the cliff; I walked up behind him planning to scare him, "Nico, do you trust me?"- so much for scaring him. I thought for a moment, even though I had just met Percy I felt as though I could trust him. It was like our personalities just… clicked. He was just so… so nice to me; different than all the others who talked to me they were jerks. "Yeah Perc, I trust you," I said snapping out of my thoughts. "Ok, then don't freak out when I-"Percy began before jump on me (AN: get your mind out of the gutters dudes) and pulling me over the side of the cliff. My only thought; AAGGGHHHH! I felt the water surround me and I started to panic, like I said I HATED the water. I started to flail around, what? I don't know how to swim. I stopped when I felt arms wrap around my waist and start to pull me up. We broke the surface, Percy kept his arms around me as he treaded water and I gasped taking in much needed air, "Percy WHAT THE HADES?" I looked back at Percy, I was beyond pissed. "Nico, we both know you wouldn't have gone in on your own," Percy said soothingly tightening his grip on me. I began to relax, I knew Percy wouldn't let me go, it wasn't in his morals. "Nico, I'm gonna let you go now," Percy said letting me go until only my hand was in his. "I want you to try to stay above water. Ok?" I nodded hesitantly letting go of his hand. I kicked me feet, I wasn't sinking! Percy smirked, "Now that you can 'swim' why don't we play a game?" "What kind of game?" I asked warily, I had picked up on Percy's sarcasm. "Because we both know that I can't really swim." Percy nodded, "I was thinking we jump off the cliff and into the water. And I'll show you the basic strokes. By the way when's your sister picking you up?" "Around five, she's going to be leaving me here for the whole summer," I said shrugging. "I was gonna sneak out then come back when she picked me up, but you found me first." I started towards the shore, Percy fallowing. "You managed to convince me to stay." "When I found you, you were by yourself, why weren't you hanging out with someone?" Percy asked, pulling ahead of me. He was swimming breast stroke, I watched him before copying him. He smiled. "I don't like talking to others much and others don't talk talking to me," I shrugged again, before pulling myself out of the water and on a rocky ledge. "Well I don't see why, your interesting and original, you don't care what others have to say-"Percy was smiling, I couldn't help but blush, no else ever said anything like that about me let alone a complete stranger."- and you if they do say something you get in their face about it. You truly seem… unique, different, special." "Thanks." Percy got up, "I don't really want to swim anymore, how 'bout you?" I shook my head; I really didn't care about what we did as long as I got to hang out with Percy. "Okay, I'm gonna go back to the beach and grab your towel to lie on, you can pick where we sit." Percy ran over to the side of the ledge into the ocean, I watched him swim smoothly and quickly over to the beach before disappearing into the throng of people. I looked around we had gotten out on a little out cropping beside a huge cave, I looked back at the waters, Percy didn't seem to be coming back soon. I stood up and walked into the cave, I could see some kind of light at the end. I snuck in looking around, just like I though there was a light coming from some kind of exit in the back. Walking a long I found an incredible paradise inside t he cave, the walls were lined with crystals that glowed in the dark with an eerie blue-green glow. The ground was littered with small pits filed with crystal clear water, a different gem stone at the bottom of each. I turned around shocked, how could this place be here yet remain undiscovered? "And how long can it keep its beauty once it is discovered?" I said voicing my question fearfully, I didn't want something as beautiful as this destroyed. "I ask that same question each time I come back here," a quiet voice behind me said. I whipped around thinking some creep had snuck up behind me. I signed with relief when I saw it was only Percy, then his words sunk in. "Percy, how come you never told the public of a place like this? And how long have you know of this place?" I asked tilting my head to the side curiously. "I would never tell anyone this place, and I've known of this place since it was made because I made it." I gasped, he made this! He couldn't have made… made this whole cavern. "Well I didn't exactly make it, I was the one who discovered it and watch it make itself. I was the one who kept everyone away, not because I didn't want anyone else to see it, it was because I was afraid that they would destroy it," he said shrugging his shoulders. "I guess I should tell you the whole story, but if I' going to I suggest we sit on our blankets over there." He pointed to a little corner that was lit be a huge crystal hanging right above it. I nodded and walked over to him as he spread my black beach towel on the ground, I sat beside him. "Ok, her goes: *§ Flashback §* I walked home from school, today was the last day of fifth grade. I had my freedom! For at least three months. I gasped before sprinting I had remembered dad was coming home! I turned the doorknob eagerly I couldn't wait to see dad. " I stopped in my tracks when the door opened, my