Ratings K+ Genre Hurt/Comfort Words 4326 or 4K+ Language English Status complete The highest point AN: This was meant as a big brother/little brother not a pairing but if you want to see it like that it's fine Annabeth bashing as well, don't like then don't read. Percy: Do I have to do the disclaiming? Why don't you make Nico do it? Moon: Because Nico is sleeping Percy: what about Annabeth or Thalia? Moon: Thalia isn't even here and Annabeth doesn't want to Percy: Fine Moon does not own anything, PJO included because Rick Riordan does, except the plot. Percy's Pov. "Where are you dragging me now, Neeks?" laughing a little at Nico's new nickname, courtesy of me. "What's so important that you wake me up at six in the morning and shadow travel with me to, um Colorado?" "Yes this is Colorado, and I brought you here because I wanted to show you something," Nico replied still dragging me forwards and out of the town we had appeared in. I wasn't really paying attention to the scenery until we were standing right in front of a huge rock formation. You know those weird hills in Mario games? Well imagine one of those, like ten times bigger, grey rather than that orangy color, and covered in dark green moss with giant rock platform things pushing out from the sides. "Ok," I said confused. "Why are we here and how did you discover this place?" "I'll tell you everything when we get to the top." "Wait! We're climbing to the top of this!?" "Yeah, so what?" "Nico I don't want to die right now," I said starting to freak out. If I get that high in the air Zeus would defiantly blast me. "Plus I have no experience what so ever in rock climbing." "Perc, I've sort of done it and Zeus would have blasted me too. Plus it's not that hard to rock climb…I think," Nico said exasperatedly while pulling a two coils of rope out of… Leo's tool belt…wait what why would Leo lend his magic tool belt to anyone. Hhhmmm I'll have to ask about it later "Anyways I wanted to show you this place so if my father or any of the other Olympians want me you can show them." "What do you mean you think," I said watching Nico twist the coil of rope around his waist before hooking it on to something or another. "Perc, please don't freak out but I haven't actually climbed up this thing, though I do know how rock climb," I open my mouth to speak but he cut me off. "And no I can't shadow travel us up to the top. For some reason it's really hard and I get really tired afterwards. I think it's because it's in part of Zeus' domain, so if I tried I probably won't have enough energy to bring you back down." With that I started calming down, what he said did make senses. I took the other coil of rope from Nico before repeating what he had done, hooking it on a different hook. I pulled on it making sure it was set before bracing my foot on the rock in from on me. I started climbing slowly making sure not to let my grip loosen on the rope. Gods this was crazy, and a son of Poseidon AND Hades heading into the air. Why in the air of all places. "The only reason I picked this place was because no one would ever think of looking here for me, least of all my father," Nico explained reading my mind. "I had to find a safe place to shadow travel to if I get in trouble." "Ok. But why are you showing me this place then?" I asked confused if he wanted to be alone why would he show this place to me. And didn't he think I would betray this place to someone else. Whenever I saw him he always acted like that, did he really trust me that much? That thought alone made me bubbling with happiness, ('cause we all know that Nico has trust issues) I mean Nico trusting me after I got Bianca killed. With that thought I my bubbles immediately popped. I continued climbing focusing on the grueling task; we had plenty left to climb. Nico finally stopped on an out jutting rock, flopping on the ground exhausted. "Gods, that was harder than I thought it would be," Nico exclaimed tiredly. "But at least when we get to the top I can hook up the thingy that Leo designed for moving things." "What 'thingy' are you talking about? I haven't seen Leo working on anything, he's been locked up in bunker 9," I asked curiously before flopping beside him. "Oh and how did you get Leo's magic tool belt. I've never seen him without it. Ever" "Yeah, well I kind of had Travis and Conner steal it," he said sheepishly before hastily adding, "I'll give it back afterwards. I just need did it for this." I nodded before noticing how dark it was getting. Frowning I told him my concern, "Nico it's getting dark, how much farther do you think there's left for us to climb?" "Looks like a good 'nother third or more left to go," Nico said copying my frown. "Plus no other rocks that jut out like this. We'd be better staying here for the night." I nodded my head when I heard this; I was expecting as much. Judging by the look on his face he didn't have much juice left in him and I didn't want to have to carry him. I looked back at Nico; he'd lay down on the ground his aviator's jacket wrapped around him. I smiled still happy he finally trusted me before lying next to him. I could feel the breeze, jeez it was cold up here, Ugh why couldn't I have thought to bring a bigger sweatshirt I thought oh yeah Nico dragged me out of my cabin with no warning. Ugh again. "Percy, you cold?" Nico's voice dragged me out of my thoughts. I sat up and nodded. "Yeah, Nico but I'm fine you sleep. I'll take first watch." "Watch for what, Perc. We're completely alone, no one could get us," Nico said confused. "Yeah no human but with monsters you never know," I said leaning against the rock. "Plus we have two awesome and powerful demigods. Both who are children of the big three and are out of their element." "Fine but you have to wake me up at midnight, even you can't go without sleep," Nico said nodding before crawling towards me, wow Nico was crawling he must have been tired, he lay down his head in my lap. I gently ran my finger through his hair as his eyes closed and his breathing slowed down. Gods I'm tired maybe I could sleep for a few minutes then wake back up I thought before shaking my head, what I'd said before was true; monsters were likely to come searching for us. I looked up at the moon; it was midnight. I was supposed to wake Nico up and I probably should but he looked peaceful for once, he didn't look angry or sad or annoyed (I saw that emotion the most) he looked almost happy. I decided to push down my exhaustion and let him sleep. I took off my sweatshirt and covered Nico, who had begun to shiver, with it. Nico's Pov. I woke up with something covering me and something soft under my head. I turned over to see Percy still wake with only his black 'Panic! At the Disco' T-shirt on and my head on his lap and the Apollo creeping into the sky. Wait how'd I end up here? Then I remembered what had happened last night, I was so exhausted I'd climbed on to Percy's lap before drifting to sleep. "Good morning Nico, you sleep well?" Percy asked, tiredness seeping into his voice. Wait, tiredness in his voice, the sun coming up… Percy didn't wake me up last night! "Percy, why didn't you wake me up like I told you?" I asked a little shocked, I mean Percy knew I didn't like sleeping for too long, I usually had nightmares (he didn't know that)… wait again I didn't have any nightmare last night. That thought made me forget about being annoyed with him but confused me instead I wonder how Percy could so easily push way the night mare that had plagued me for the last month? I was so lost in thought I nearly missed his next soft words, "You looked so peaceful last night. I didn't want to disrupt the first peaceful sleep you've had in weeks." That made me do a double take, how could he have known about the nightmares. "How did you know about the nightmares?" I asked suspiciously, what people have betrayed me before. "I've never told anyone about them before." "Nico I'll tell you when we get to the top. I really want to get to there before I fall asleep," Percy said his face seemed a thousand years older. Something had happened last night. I was determined to find out event if I had to pry it out from him. I nodded and refastened my rope to the hook and started climbing, Percy by my side. I looked over at him something was really wrong; the usually optimistic Percy was silent and solemn. I face the top again; we were only a couple yards away from our goal. Percy was the first one to the top and busied himself with unhooking himself from the rope. I started to unhook myself, even if I wasn't at the top yet I was confident I would make it. Big mistake, as I was reaching for another handhold my foot slipped. My only thought as I started to fall was AAAAGGGHHH. In less than two minutes I would become a splat mark on the ground… if not for Percy who grabbed my hand. My other hand grabbed his for dear life. If I slipped, SPLAT two more bloody marks on the ground, that's all Percy and I would be. I didn't slip thank all the gods, Roman and Greek, Percy managed to pull me up on top of him. He was breathless, I looked at him knowing that would be only time I could get a good look. His eyes were full with sadness, there were dark bags beneath them and his breathing was ragged, like I'd said before something was wrong. "Perc, what's wrong? You seem off. What happened to the optimistic person I know," I asked climbing off of him (smiling at Percy as he pouted). "Nothing's wrong, why would you say anything would be wrong," he said calmly (though I could still here the slight tension in his voice) before adding in a soft voice, "Nico, I'm not always optimistic, some people just don't look for it." What did that mean? How could Percy be anything but optimistic, he's got a girlfriend, a loving mother, friends, fame and glory. Everything I always wanted as a kid I thought more confused than before. And what does 'some people don't look for it' mean? "Nico can we not talk about it right now?" He asked his eyes begging. I know I'd usually give in just from how sad he looked but right now I had to solve this. "No, Percy, I'm sorry but I need to know why you've so down for the last month," now that I thought about it Percy had been down a lot lately not talking to anyone except me or Grover, barely sleeping (that's where the dark bags under his eyes came from), snapping at anyone near him, and training constantly. I guess he was right; I haven't been looking closely at him. "You'll only talk to me and