IN MY HANDS Author's Note: My first chapter! Also just to clarify, Lily and James becoming headboy and headgirl happens in the seventh year this time not the sixth because I wanted them to be slightly older so that's slightly different, and Remus is not a prefect in the sixth year either. Also Sirius is still living in Grimmauld Place for now and I have introduced some new characters and changed their personalities a little. Alice and Frank are the same age as the marauders not the suspected two years older. Will be a slow-burn. AND I MEAN SLOW-BURN. Disclaimer: all place, characters and ideas belong to J.K Rowling. I own nothing except for Isabelle. Chapter One: The Lion's Jaw 14th May, 1968. OUR FIRST MUGGLE-BORN MINISTER MAY BE OUR GREATEST. The Daily Prophet's front page on Sunday, the 14th of May, 1968 was the beginning of a chain of events that led to the murder of the first muggle-born Minister of Magic. Ironic, isn't it? For at 12:34am on the night of that comdemned article, a man arrived outside the door of a ragedy London apartment. He was dressed in all black; a thick cloak and hood, a sharp suit underneath. With skin pale white, it looked as if he'd never seen the sunlight. And the two dark eyes above a hooked nose and pair of thin lips created a nightmare. Think of it like this: when you were a child and you thought you saw that creature in the corner of your room, it's hatred and anger was enough to make you feel a fear unbestowed to anything you've felt before. Because that was him, that man. His resentment and wickedness took good things, it swallowed them up and ripped them apart. The hallway this man was in, was lined with a dozen more rooms, where their tenants were sound asleep. He did not care for the muggles in their beds, his stare was fixated on the brown door in front of him. It was chipped and the varnish was peeling away, it's owner clearly could not afford any sort of luxury. And it was a pity. The owner was a writer. He was still awake as well, but scribbling vigorously in the candlelight so he could finish his next article. When the doorbell rang, he snapped out of a daze and had to blink himself awake enough to stand. The boy was in tartan pyjamas, his hair dischevelled and stinking of burning candle. As he opened the door, he remembered that he must write to his mother again in the morning; telling her the article was an outstanding success and that he was perfectly safe away from home despite her ridiculous worrying. She would be so proud to finally hear back from him, he was always forgetting, you see. What he didn't expect was Tom Riddle. He stood a meter away, his head tilted, analysing him for a second. Kyle Narbury didn't have time to breathe or run for his wand in this time. Did time even exist during this moment anymore? The only thought that ran through his mind was that he hadn't been enough. Then the flash of green burnt it from him and he was thrown backwards into his desk, splattering ink everywhere and knocking over a candle that set fire to his last thought; that he must sign off with 'all my love' so that his mother would know he was doing just fine. September 1st, 1976. The Hogwarts Express. "The hanging man," Isabelle Williams said triumphantly as she held her tarot card up. Marlene McKinnon swiped it from her and glared at it like she'd suspected her friend had been cheating all along. She stared at it hard, curling her fingers around it slightly. With a defeated sigh, she threw her pile of cards at Isabelle and began her deck all over again. It was the fourth time she'd lost, despite it being her idea to play. To Marlene, Tarot snap was the greatest game invented but it wasn't popular for the reason that it was devilishly insensitive to Divination. "I don't understand how you keep winning," Marlene groaned, looking crest-fallen at the new card she'd picked up. "These belong to me. Where's my loyalty?" "Probably dancing with death," Lily sighed and pointed to the cards the two girls had already gotten through, sure enough the last one to be put down was death. "You know what Professor Oakton would say about this. He's very superstitious." Isabelle scoffed, their Divination teacher was as old as Hogwarts itself. He could barely walk anymore due an infected kneazle bite that he swore gave him a fifth all-seeing eye, so most lessons were just waiting for him to reach your table to see how your ovomancy was going. It had only been the three of them in the train carriage. Amelia Johnson, their fourth group member, was nowhere to be found, despite Isabelle begging the train driver to wait a couple more minutes. The girls assumed she'd slept in and still had each other for the seven hour journey. Isabelle watched, amused, as Lily took a tarot card. "One of Wands?" She asked aloud. "Is it like a prophecy?" Isabelle nodded. "Academically, yes. For thousands of years, Seers have used the cards to tell someone their future but muggles pretend they know how they work to get non-magic money — I saw it once with Mum and Dad." "Blah. Blah, blah," McKinnon groaned. Muggles had always bored her. "I'll explain how you play the good version of tarot cards." And so, Isabelle fell back into her seat, thankful for a break. She'd been playing for four hours already. Watching Marlene dramatically fold out the Divination snap game was better than playing it because the Gryffindor was dramatically animated in how she explained things. Twice, she nearly flung all the cards over the floor trying to shuffle them to show their friend. Lily twirled one the weaker cards between her fingers, listening intently. "Right, so here the Sun is stronger than the Moon..." Marlene demonstrated, plucking it from her suddenly. Lily frowned, a confused grimace on her face which usually would've made Isabelle laugh but her mouth was clamped shut when Marlene focused on her again. She wiggled a thick dark-blonde eyebrow at her, indicating that they were to play again. "Your turn," Marlene giggled. "I've got a good one." Isabelle picked up a card from the pile and flicked it round with a bored face. Lily burst out laughing at Marlene, understanding the King of Pentacles was the strongest tarot card in the pack. McKinnon threw herself against the chair with a frustrated scream: "This is bullying. I'm writing a letter to Professor Dumbledore!" Laughing, Isabelle put all of her cards back. "I'd do best out of ten but clearly, I'm already the best." "Yeah? Well, at least my card doesn't symbolise a vicious old man." "Do I look like an old man? Like Oakton?" Isabelle rolled her eyes. She enjoyed the feeling of winning against Marlene, even in a stupid card game but her friend didn't feel the same. Taking out her wand, she jabbed it at her. "I could turn you into Oakton," Marlene hissed. Isabelle widened her eyes for a moment but her friend's feirce face was too much and she burst out laughing next to Lily. Balling up her cloak, Marlene threw it at her. "Me? You've got the hair for it. If you dare, I'll set Eris on you," Isabelle giggled, catching the cape then throwing it back – Lily snorted and flicked one of the cards and Marlene's outstretched wand hand. They created a battle of flying paper and enchanted areodynamics. Soon, the whole compartment became a wreckage of flying tarot cards and Gryffindor robes, the three girls unable to breathe through their laughter when the trolley lady came around. "So, why do you think we were searched after the carriages?" Marlene asked Isabelle and Lily as they sat at the Gryffindor table. They had a few minutes until the sorting, a time filled with multiple conversations about the Ministry Officials stood at the entrance to Hogwarts. They had been in thick, black cloaks that dragged along the floor. Isabelle could barely see their faces underneath the rimmed hat they wore, she'd tried to get a good look when they waved a spell across her. "They didn't have any faces," Alice Longbottom whispered erratically. "I tried to catch their eye but there was nothing there!" "Al, their faces were covered." Millicent Gygars took a large space opposite Isabelle, her hands clasped together as if she were about to conduct an interview. "I know what they are," she said wistfully. The three girls waited in anticipation. "Unspeakables." "Unspeakables?" Isabelle repeated. "Aren't they top secret Ministry agents? Why would-" Marlene rolled her eyes. "Unspeakables don't speak. It's understandable, yeah, but all they did was wave their wands over us. They could've just been from the Ministry." Millicent's eyes glazed over, she smiled. "Why did they look like such unhappy rabbits, then?" Isabelle laughed, thinking she was joking but quickly realised the girl wasn't. Coughing, she said slowly: "Millicent, I think you've missed the point. I think they were just checking we didn't bring anything dangerous." "But why would we bring anything dangerous?" Marlene interrupted Millicent, her eyes big. "Surely those attacks over the summer don't have anything to do with anyone here." The only people Isabelle could think would do anything to harm the school were the Slytherins. Especially those in her year. They were a group of five, led by Evan Rosier and Avery who were made it their educational task to torment every student underneath Hogwarts' roof. They were five of the nastiest purebloods she'd ever met, never in trouble but always seemed to be near it when something happened. Wilkes liked to tell her that mudbloods deserved everything they got, until he was moved down a year for being too thick and she only ever saw him when they passed each other in the corridor. Rabastan was the worst. Best friends with Evan and Severus, he patrolled the corridor frequently at night for any first years out of bed. You usually found them dangling from the astronomy tower or shivering on the edge of the Dark Forest. They never said who did it to them, and sometimes it felt as if it were only the students who paid attention to the dark truth of Slytherins. Rodolphus was particularly good at making sure of that. Isabelle didn't realise she had turned around to look at their table and she blinked back to the present. Turning back to her friends, she said: "Not every wizard is good. I think we all know that by now." Lily was too looking at their group. "Do you think that of them could really hurt someone, though?" She asked. "I mean really hurt someone." None of them could answer her as Professor Dumbledore came ushering the last few pupils into the hall, flicking his wand to close the doors and making his way to the podium. The girls stopped talking, a polite hush falling upon Hogwarts as they listened to his welcome. For a few moments, he spoke about the lack of changes in staff and how the school should welcome new minds. The topic of Ministry Officials checking everyones luggage wasn't bought up at all, in fact, it was mentioned that he hoped everyone arrived safetly and adequately onto the grounds. Dumbledore then lifted a hand, allowing the Great Hall doors to open and the first years in. Isabelle's palm was supporting her head as she watched the first years scurry up the centre of the hall. The little things struggled to keep up with Professor McGonagall, a couple stumbling over their new cloaks and each other. From what Isabelle could remember, it was one of the most traumatic moments of her life.