Disclaimer: I am not J.K. Rowling. She, and she alone, owns the rights to these characters, etc. A/N: Like many here, I am a huge Harry Potter fan. After taking several years off from my Harry Potter obsession, I recently reread the books, and my time away gave me a fresh new perspective on Harry's home life with the Dursleys. As a 20-something-year-old now, I realized that many of the things that the Dursleys do in the HP books is quite frankly abusive and neglectful. While I absolutely do not condone any of their behavior in J.K. Rowling's stories or even this fanfic, this idea has been brewing in my head for several months now. I apologize if this chapter is rather wordy, but it is simply an introduction meant to minimize confusion as much as possible. More action and dialogue will be coming up in the next chapter! Chapter 1: Life on the Run Harry Potter was having a terrible day. He woke up that morning feeling absolutely dreadful- far worse than he had ever felt in his nearly fourteen years. He had been sick many times before, as that was a downside to living on the streets of London without any proper clothing, footwear, food, or shelter, but he had always somehow miraculously recovered exceedingly quickly, no matter the illness or ailment. But this time, however, everything was different. His illness was not going away. If anything, it was getting worse. It had started out as a mere cold six months ago, but without access to any type of healthcare, it had progressively deteriorated. For the last twelve weeks, Harry had woken up each day feeling extremely feverish and shaking with teeth-chattering chills. His entire body ached mercilessly from head to toe, including a tremendously sore throat and a never-ending pounding headache. His constant dry, hacking cough barely left him any air left to breathe. When he was able to breathe, it was in fast, shallow breaths, which caused his chest to wrench in pain with each gasp he was able to take. To make matters worse, he was very nauseous and had severe difficulty keeping any food or water down, causing him to become severely dehydrated and even more malnourished than his skinny frame already was. Harry worried that if he did not find a remedy soon, he may have to resort to other drastic measures… No , he thought. Don't think about that right now. Going to a hospital is out of the question. They will find out who I really am and send me right back to the Dursleys. He couldn't afford that. Not after everything he had been through just to survive long enough away from the Dursleys' grasps. Harry Potter had no parents. In fact, he didn't even know their names. Any conversation regarding his parents had been strictly limited in the Dursley household. The slightest mention of his parents always brought with it harsh punishments from his aunt and uncle, Petunia and Vernon Dursley, in an attempt to push out any curiosity Harry had about them, or quite frankly, anything . That was the number one rule in the house for Harry: Never ask questions. According to his aunt and uncle, his parents died in a terrible car accident when he was a mere one-year-old. His relatives told him that his father and mother were both lazy unemployed alcoholics and extremely neglectful parents, leading to their tragic demise and selfishly orphaning Harry in the process. However, Harry refused to think of them that way. For some reason, or perhaps it was because of his own abusive relationship with his aunt and uncle, he couldn't believe the story that his relatives had told him. His parents wouldn't have just left him all alone with those horrid relatives, would they? If only they'd known how cruelly and callously his aunt and uncle had treated him all those years… Don't think about that right now , he reminded himself anxiously, pushing aside horrifying memories threatening to overwhelm him. He clutched his ratty old jacket, which also doubled as his blanket, closer towards himself and carefully rolled over onto his side, peering out the second-floor window of the abandoned building that he was currently staying in. He wanted nothing more than to roll over and go back to sleep. In fact, that seemed to be the only thing he wanted to do nowadays since his health had taken a severe turn for the worse. He had not actually gone outside in several days, choosing to stay indoors and sleep the days away instead, so he could not truly remember the last time he had eaten or drank anything. Presently, the position of the sun outside told him that it was already late midday, which was a startling thought for Harry. Typically, he would be up and working by 6 a.m. each morning and stay out long after the sun went down, normally until midnight. But ever since he came down with that miserable cold, his energy level had diminished severely, making it extremely difficult for him to do much of anything at all. Today, he had already lost practically an entire day's worth of searching for money, food, and other vital essentials. After recovering from another wretched coughing fit, Harry slowly and cautiously sat up. He yet again played with the idea of simply going back to sleep and waiting until tomorrow to find something to eat, but his instincts got the best of him. He felt extremely weak and tired, but he knew he had to get to work. He had to go find something to eat, even if he knew he would not be able to keep it down due to his illness. Perhaps if he was lucky, he would find some spare change along the way too. It took him several elongated minutes, but he slowly got to his feet. Instantly, he swayed treacherously on the spot, his equilibrium precariously thrown off balance by the sudden movement. He hastily steadied himself with his hands and shook his head in an attempt to stave off the oncoming dizziness rapidly enveloping him. He took several shaky steps towards the bathroom, slowly walking along the closest wall to ensure that he didn't lose his balance again. When he ultimately reached the sink several minutes later and turned on the faucet, he absentmindedly ignored the odd tingling sensation running up and down his right arm as he did so. As he watched the plentiful clean drinking water run out of the faucet, he was once again reminded of how lucky he'd been to discover this abandoned building. Even though the building had been abandoned for several years, it still somehow miraculously had running water. He'd almost say it was magic, but Harry knew better than that. "There's no such thing as magic," his uncle's enraged voice suddenly rang throughout his ears. Harry frowned at the ghastly reminder of his uncle's wicked voice and quickly shook his head, attempting to clear his thoughts of painful memories before they completely overwhelmed him. He splashed some cool water on his face in an attempt to wipe the feverish sweat off his skin. Turning off the faucet, he dried his face with the shirt he'd been wearing and was about to leave when his reflection in the bathroom mirror unexpectedly caught his attention. At first, he was exceedingly startled by what he saw. He hadn't actually had access to a mirror in many months, considering he'd been sleeping in empty parks or dark alleys most of the time and always steered clear of any public restrooms. Since he had arrived at his current hideout a few weeks ago, he'd barely had enough energy to walk to the bathroom, let alone look in the mirror, so he was very surprised by what he saw when he looked at his reflection in the mirror. Staring back at him was a nearly unrecognizable thirteen-year-old teenager. No, he had never exactly been healthy growing up, considering the Dursleys never took him to a doctor when he was ill and always fed him as little food as possible, but now, the reflection in the mirror was practically screaming out for help. Underneath the significant amount of dirt, filth, and grime that he had been unable to wash off his face, his skin was so pallid and pale that it was turning a sickly and unhealthy gray. His face was extremely emaciated and gaunt, and both of his cheekbones heavily protruded from his face, making it quite obvious that he had lost a significant amount of weight, even though he had already been severely underweight and malnourished for his age prior to living on the streets. There were dark and heavy rings under his bloodshot eyes, and his lips were extremely chapped due to his lack of proper hydration. Even his hair had changed. What used to be a thick luscious black mop of messy jet black hair had now been turned into thin straw-like hair, with random patches of hair missing from where it had fallen out due to the inadequate nutrition. The only thing that Harry even recognized in the boy staring back at him was the lightning bolt shaped scar on his forehead, which was much redder than normal due to his pale and nearly grayish complexion. After several minutes of staring at the mirror in disbelief, Harry shook his head in disappointment and sighed. He didn't even want to see what the rest of his body looked like, knowing that if he were to take off his shirt off and examine the rest of himself in the mirror, he would see much worse things, including horrible reminders of his past that he vastly wished to forget. He had to take better care of himself, or else he would never survive. Getting something to drink and finding food had to be his new priorities again, since resting did not seem to be helping his precarious condition any. And, he decided, once he had the strength to stay on his feet for longer than a few moments at a time, he would have to find some soap and a new change of clothes. He hadn't had a shower or changed his clothes since running away from the Dursleys. Taking a shower in public places as a runaway teen was much too dangerous, as Harry was fearful people would recognize him and turn him into the local authorities. And on the other hand, he hadn't grown much over the last few years, so he had never felt the need to switch up his current wardrobe. Life on the run meant carrying around as little as possible, so carrying around extra clean clothing was the least of his worries. He turned the faucet on again, once more ignoring the strange tingling sensation coming from his right hand as he turned the water on (his hands frequently tingled like this for some strange reason that he couldn't explain), and he cupped his hands as he forced himself to take a drink of water. Immediately he found himself on the floor kneeling in front of the toilet, emptying the contents of his stomach as the water made him extremely nauseous and instantaneously ill. He retched violently, gasping for air in the process. He wasn't surprised, quite honestly. He had been unable to keep any food or water down for weeks now. When he was finally finished, he fell onto his back and stared up at the ceiling, taking short uneven breaths and attempting to calm his queasy stomach. His thoughts wandered back to how he wound up in this condition in the first place. After his parents' deaths, Harry was sent to live with the only living relatives he had: his nasty and downright cruel Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon, as well Dudley, their son who was the same age as Harry. For nine excruciating and tortuous years, he