1.5M ratings 277k ratings See, that's what the app is perfect for. Sounds perfectWahhhh, I don't wanna Top of Form Percy had finally had enough. After a whole month of listening Rachel complain about how annoying it was to be surrounded by all these couples, he had finally had enough. He was going to find Rachel a date even if it killed him and if it did kill him, at least he'd finally have some peace and quiet he mused. The only question was, who to choose? Any single guys that Percy knew were immediately wiped off the table because of Rachel being a raging lesbian, and the single girls that Percy knew were all straight, which didn't help things. He wondered if it'd be a bit rude to ask Nico if he knew anyone, and decided that if anyone was going to take that question in a bad way, it'd be Nico, so that was out of the question. But thinking of Nico had given him an idea. Maybe he could subtly stalk Nico's Instagram and look at some of the friends he had. Surely, if he was friends with any lesbians there'd be some pictures of them together at pride… well, he hoped that would be the case anyway. He knew that Nico never stayed at Pride for more than half an hour, because he found it a bit too overwhelming, but it was worth a shot. As if by fate, a picture immediately showed up of Nico at pride with his arm around a tall and beautiful girl who was happily wearing a shirt in the colours of the lesbian flag. Percy was surprised to find that the girl was his ex, Reyna Avila Ramirez Arellano. Huh, he thought, I seem to have a talent for making girls realise that they don't like guys. First Rachel, then Calypso and now Reyna He didn't bother to take it to heart though, he was just happy that he seemed to be doing good… and that this made things oh so much easier. He still had Reyna's number after all, so he could easily contact her and ask if she'd like to meet up. He could say it's just to catch up and invite Rachel along… and then sneak out after some time. This thought process was interrupted by Annabeth leaning over him, her hair completely covering the screen on his phone. "What are you planning Percy?" "Nothing?" She gave him a look, and he knew that there was no point in lying. "Okay, I'm trying to set up Rachel with an ex of mine." "Another one of your exes turned out to be gay?" "Yeah." "Wow," she chuckled, "Anyway, who's the ex?" "Reyna." A grin grew on Annabeth's face and her eyes lit up. Uh oh, thought Percy, now she's the one with a plan. And Annabeth's plans are the ones that always get us into trouble. "I have an idea of where you can take them," she said. "…Okay." "You don't say exactly enthusiastic." "I'm not saying anything until you tell me where you think should take them." Annabeth rolled her eyes at him and plopped down on the couch next to him. She still believe that people thought he was the troublemaker out of the two of them, had they never met him? He once locked himself in his room for two days straight to avoid being pulled into one of her plans! "That new art gallery that Rachel had been talking non-stop about." Percy breathed out a sigh of relief, glad that Annabeth's thought had been PG and legal. He was sure that Annabeth wouldn't actually pick a place that was neither PG nor legal, but he thought it was better to be safe than sorry. "Oh yeah, that sounds good." "That's because it is," she answered with a grin, "Rachel will most definitely associate her good feeling about the art gallery with Reyna when they meet, and will be more likely to want to start a relationship with her." "…Since when have you known shit about psychology." "Since Malcom was reading out his notes to me for revision last Tuesday. Anyway, you better buy those tickets now, just in case." So he did. "Done," he told her, "Now I just need to figure out what exactly to say to Reyna." "How about 'I know we haven't talked in a while, but I'd really like to meet up if you got some time and catch up'?" "Great! Now say that to the phone." He was glad this new phone of his had a speech to text function, it made texting so much easier. Although he did have a slight issue with it. "Why me?" Annabeth asked. "It thinks I have a lisp so it sometimes writes the wrong word out." "…You do kind of have a lisp." "Shut up." He playfully elbowed her in the side and she laughed loudly before repeating the message to the phone. After that, all there was to do was send the message and wait. Thankfully, Reyna didn't take too long to reply. That'd be nice. When are you free? - Reyna He told her the time and place she'd need to meet him, and then went onto to Rachel. He decided to phone her though, and after a hard look from Annabeth, put it on loud speaker. "Hey Rachel," he said once she'd finally picked up. "What's the occasion?" Rachel asked playfully. "You don't usually ring." "I got us tickets to go see that new art gallery you-" He was cut off by her loud cheering. Annabeth gave him a thumbs up, and they both smiled at each other. This was definitely going well. "Oh my god, seriously?! Percy, you're the best!" I hope I get that same reaction once you realise who else is going to be there, he thought. After a lot more thanks yous and squeals from Rachel, he eventually managed to put down the phone. Annabeth was still grinning widely, and looked ready to start planning their wedding. "This is going to be amazing," she said. "I hope it is…" Now he had one full day to panic before he could see whether or not he had done a good thing. He hoped it was a good thing at least, he'd hate to make either of them uncomfortable. He leaned back and groaned. He hoped the fates were feeling exceptionally nice and would look down on him kindly. He really needed the support. *** The dress code was formal for the night, and thankfully Rachel's dad was willing to buy Percy a suit as long as he kept an eye on Rachel and made sure she didn't cause too much trouble. Percy didn't bother to say that nothing on earth could hold Rachel back from doing what she wanted, especially not him. While he wasn't wild on the idea of having to wear a suit, the idea of both girls having to wear especially nice clothes sounded promising. He knew Rachel was going to ditch the dress that was going forced upon her when she was dropped off at her house and instead wear a suit, and he had heard Reyna comment once that she thought girls in suit were very nice looking… He shook his head and finished getting dressed, except for the bow tie which he couldn't get on for the life of him. Thankfully Paul knew how to do it. "So you're going to try and set up tow of your exes?" Paul asked. In the background, Sally laughed and shook her head, but silently thought that Percy's idea was actually quite good. She had met Reyna before, and thought that it'd be nice for her to be with something who'd bring her out of her bubble a bit. "Yeah." "Good luck with that." "Thanks dad," Percy said in a deadpan tone. Paul just grinned as he finished off the bowtie. "You're welcome." At that moment, the bell rang and in came an angry looking Rachel wearing an exceptionally fancy green dress that did not suit her at all. "Ugh, I hate him," she groaned, "Look what he made me wear! I look like the fucking Grinch!" "Rachel, language," Paul chided her. She winced. She kept forgetting that Percy had a little, innocent sibling now that she couldn't swear in front of her. "Sorry… mind if I get changed?" "Sure thing," Percy shrugged. With a small smile, she shuffled up in the stairs and began getting changed. Oh boy, thought Percy, this is going to be one hell of an experience. Hopefully it'd be a good one. She came down a while later, looking much happier and comfortable in a black suit. Percy couldn't help but smirk, knowing that Reyna would definitely appreciate that. "How do I look?" Rachel asked. "Stunning, fabulous, great, now let's go." "What's got you in a hurry? It doesn't open for another ten minutes," she reminded him. He just said goodbye to his parents and walked out to the car, followed by a very confused Rachel. Percy was never one to really worry about timings, so she couldn't understand why he suddenly cared. Perhaps he just wanted to beat the crowds, she thought, yeah, that's probably it. He started driving, putting on some of Rachel's favourite music for the ride. It wouldn't hurt to give her more good things to associate her meeting with Reyna with after all. She couldn't help but press his face up against the glass as the gallery came into view, already planning their journey in her mind. She hoped they didn't bother with tour guides, she wasn't in the mood for getting told off for wandering about on her own and she was certain Percy wouldn't appreciate it either. "It looks amazing." "We're not even inside yet," he commented with a laugh. "It still looks great. It's got that whole 'badass Roman temple' look, and you can't ever go wrong with that." Percy offhandedly thought about how Reyna loved learning about Roma mythology as he parked the car. Yep, he decided, this is going to be good. They got out of the car and he began searching for Reyna, which wasn't too difficult. She was a person that was impossible to miss in the long purple dress of hers, taller than a lot of the crowd in her high heels, looking immaculate. He caught her eye, and began walking over to her. "Hey, nice to see you," he said a bit awkwardly. She tried to smile and nodded. "Nice to see you too." Rachel, who had been following behind him feeling very confused, finally stopped beside him and frowned. "Who are you talking to?" "Okay, don't hate me for this, but I kind of invited a… old friend of mine along. Rachel, meet Reyna Avila Ramirez Arellano. Reyna, meet one of my best friends, Rachel Elizabeth Dare." The two finally made eye contact and for them, the world seemed to pause for a second. Their heart beat fast, and neither wanted to look away. From the outside, it literally looked like a scene from a Disney film. Percy grinned and sighed in relief; definitely a good idea. Unfortunately, he'd have to interrupt so they could actually go in since the doors had just opened. He didn't pay all that money just for them to spend the whole evening outside of the art gallery after all. "Guys, are we going in?" Percy asked. The two girls suddenly came back to reality, and looked away awkwardly. "Uh, yeah, sounds good," Rachel answered with a cough and red cheeks. Reyna nodded, sneaking another look at Rachel before quickly walking inside. Percy and Rachel followed her, and for a second, Rachel was distracted by the art. Now, Percy thought, if only she could get distracted by Reyna and vice versa. That'd be good. For a long time, the three of them walked about in awkward silence with