Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: Butterfly Pairing: Bella and Edward Rating: M Word count: 11,749 Summary: Fate brought them together on the wings of her butterflies. Music propelled them forward. They created their own family from those who were worthy. Disclaimer: Twilight and its inclusive material are copyright to Stephanie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Butterfly I kissed the dainty butterflies that had been tattooed onto the love of my life's shoulder before I laid on my back, just reveling in the quiet of the morning. It was going to be a busy one; we had a shit-ton of work today to get ready for tonight, and I, for one, was looking forward to that more than anything else. For more than one reason. Who am I? You may ask. My name is Edward Masen, and I'm one half of the lead vocals plus guitar player of our band Eclipse the Sun . My girl being the other half of those vocals. We met in our first year of college, completely by accident, when I plowed her over running late to class. I'd accidentally picked up her phone as well as my own then spent the afternoon, once classes were done, tracking her down. The rest, as they say, is history. She came to one of our practices before we started playing in bars and clubs, when we were trying to find our sound, and joined in. She completed it and gave it something we had been lacking. Not only that, her friends completed mine, and we became a family, something not much of us had. We promised ourselves we would finish college before doing anything with our band; we wanted a backup, just in case. It wasn't long after we started playing live shows that we hit it big, but as we promised ourselves, we wrote it into our contract that we had to finish our education even while we were touring, though that part's for later. Let me tell you more about how it all started, then we can get to what was happening tonight. ~*~ɛiɜ~*~ I had known my next door neighbor Tanya for all of my life. We'd grown up together and were the best of friends during primary and middle school, even with all of our differences. Hers being that she was a prima ballerina and me being a skater boy. I had the biggest crush on her the summer before we started junior year of high school, and I thought she felt the same. That was until we started school, and she found a new group of friends. Kate and Irina didn't like the way I looked or the way I dressed, and after a few weeks, neither did Tanya. All those things that had once made us so close now only seemed to annoy her. She dated around, all the jock types, while I held out hope she'd see me once again and take a chance on me. Eventually, I gave up and moved on with my life, had a girlfriend or two, but never really got over the fact that, because her friends didn't like the way I looked, she threw away something that could have been great. At our high school graduation, I blew her a raspberry then took a step away from that chapter in my life. I moved away two days after graduation to move on with my life and never looked back. That was until we made it huge. Suddenly, my phone number seemed to be the only thing she could remember, and let me tell you, my little Butterfly was not happy about that. ~*~ ɛiɜ~*~ Within the first six months of starting my degree in musical education, I had found some great friends in Emmett, Jasper, and Victoria, who was totally one of the guys. I still dressed as the skater boy I was in high school because that's who I was. It was what I was comfortable in. I'd dress up for a date if I needed to, but even then, I was wearing my chucks. We were all studying one evening at the apartment my sperm donor had secured me when Emmett spied my guitar. "You play?" I looked up to see him pointing it out. "Yeah. I can play just about any of them. Why, you play something?" He nodded excitedly. "Bass guitar. I've been trying to find someone to play with, but all the bands around here seem to be pretty established." "Tell me about it," Victoria groaned. "I play the keyboards, and nobody seems to want them in a band anymore, or they already have someone who prerecords the music for them. I just want to jam to relieve some stress." Jasper, who hadn't really said anything, picked up a couple pencils and started tapping away on our glasses of water that were sitting on the table. He smirked at us when we all looked in his direction. "Guess you all know now. What do we do about it?" It didn't take us long. By that weekend, we'd secured a locked unit to store our instruments and had an agreement with the manager that we could practice there as we had organized to use the one at the far end of the lot. We were allowed in there on Friday and Saturday nights as long as we didn't have any parties and there weren't too many hanging around then he'd let us jam. It wasn't but a few months later that I bumped into my Butterfly. ~*~ ɛiɜ~*~ I was running to one of my theory classes when I sprinted around the corner of the building and bumped into this small slip of a girl. We both went sprawling to the ground, and everything we were carrying landed all over the grass. There was a small raspy voice from underneath me. "Oh, my God! Are you okay? I'm so sorry." I rolled off her before answering. "I'm sorry; that was totally my fau …" I trailed off as I looked over at her. She was tiny with a heart-shaped face, deep brown eyes, and long brown hair that had a couple streaks of blue throughout. But it was her outfit that caught my attention. She was wearing pants that were only three-quarters the length of her legs–stunning as they may have been–skater shoes, striped socks, a couple layered singlets, and a tie around her neck. She was stunning. She sat up and looked over at me when I stopped speaking, and when she realized I was checking her out, she blushed something fierce. "What?" she snapped. "Why are you looking at me like that?" she asked as she started gathering her things. I shook my head as I sat up as well to start collecting my things. "I'm sorry for staring and for bowling you over. It's just … I think you're gorgeous." I slapped my hand over my mouth. I totally hadn't meant to say that, out loud anyway. She snorted. "Thank you, I think? Anyway, nice bumping into you." She got up and turned to walk away, and that's when I saw the butterfly tattooed on her shoulder. "Wait!" I called. "What's your name, Butterfly?" She smirked at me over her shoulder before turning and walking backward. "Bella, my name is Bella. See ya round." I didn't even get a chance to give her my name, and now I was running even later for my class than before. I gathered the rest of my things, took a look around to make sure I hadn't missed anything, and that's when I saw a phone that wasn't mine laying on the ground where Bella had been. I reached down for it only to turn it over when I felt the raised bumps on the cover. The case was black but all over the back was a silver raised pattern in the shape of a butterfly. It was absolutely stunning. I looked up, hoping to see where she had gone but couldn't see her anywhere. I looked back at the phone and saw the time. "Shit!" I cursed under my breath and hurried off to my class. I'd just have to find her later. ~*~ɛiɜ~*~ After my last class for the day, I spent the afternoon hunting around campus for any sign of the elusive Bella. I checked the usual haunts like the library and the cafeteria but couldn't find her anywhere. I even went back and checked around the buildings where we had collided but couldn't see her among the students milling about. It was getting dark when I decided to wander to the local Starbucks to grab a cup of coffee before I continued my search. It was when I walked through the door that I saw her, sitting in the corner, studying to her heart's content. The only thing that had changed about her since this morning was the fact she had put on a jacket-type thing to ward off the cool air. I watched her as I walked to the counter. She was oblivious to the world around her, and she was just as, if not more, beautiful than I remembered. "Can I take your order, sir?" The rather large, scary barista interrupted my ogling, but that was just as well because she looked up when he'd asked the question. "Yeah, hey. Can I just get a large black coffee with two sugars and whatever she's been ordering?" I pointed to Bella, who now had a small smile on her face while watching me. The face on the barista changed when he saw who I was pointing to. "She's not getting anything from you. Who knows what you would do to it," he whispered in a growl. I snorted. "If you did your job and put a lid on it, I couldn't do anything. I wouldn't do anything to her anyway, so make the damn coffee." He placed both orders, the whole time wearing a scowl. I paid and moved along down the counter. Bella was still watching me, but now she was throwing worried glances between me and the barista. Once my order was called, I picked up both coffees and made my way over to her table. "Hello, Butterfly." She smiled, an absolutely stunning one before her eyes flicked back to the barista. "Are you stalking me now?" she whispered. I laughed but looked back at the guy as well, who seemed to be frightening all the customers with the look on his face. "No. Although, I have been looking for you." She leaned her elbows on the table and placed her chin in her hands. "Oh, and why is that?" I sat down across from her at the table, placing my bag on the floor. "Well, first, I wanted to introduce myself. You ran off so fast, I didn't get a chance too." She covered her mouth but let out an adorable giggle. "I was running late for class, and you made me later!" "So was I!" I chuckled. I held out my hand. "My name's Edward Masen." She peered at me through her lashes before putting her hand in mine and giving it a firm shake. "Isabella Swan. But I prefer Bella." I held her hand and lifted it up to place a kiss on it. "Ah, so my butterfly is beautiful, I see." At my corny compliment, she laughed a full, beautiful laugh then slowly pulled her hand back. "You are a smooth talker. And thank you for the coffee. You said first?" I looked at her, confused. I'd lost track of the conversation. Before she could explain what she meant, a rather large, dark shadow fell over our table. We both looked up to see the barista almost huffing down at us in anger. "Is this guy