Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: Window Dressing Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: T Word count: 8,223 Summary: She wears fifties-style dresses and hangs out with hipsters, and I've loved her since day one. DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Window Dressing She wears fifties-style dresses and hangs out with hipsters. Today's dress is bright red, with a neckline that shows off her cleavage, but it still covers twice as much of her breasts as Rosalie Hale's tank top does. It flares out to her knees, a big, black petticoat peeking out from under the red fabric. Her dresses are almost always bright and colorful, not as pastel as actual fifties' style clothing, although I admit my only knowledge of the era comes from watching Grease, and I hate Grease . Especially Grease 2 . Shy guy getting the hot chick seems like a ridiculous daydream, if you ask me, but the most annoying part is that the shy one has to completely alter themselves to land the object of their affection, and that is neither plausible nor a sensible goal to pursue. I would never be comfortable in large groups and social gatherings, would never care for sports and clothes and parties, and as much as I was in love with Bella, I wouldn't change my entire being if that was what it took to be with her. She's chatting casually with her friends, books clutched to her chest. The hipsters laugh outrageously at something she says. Jasper finishes a chuckle by stroking a hand through his hair, a habit he's had since he had shoulder-length hair in eighth grade, but he's deemed it necessary to put it up in some kind of man-bun these days, so his fingers get stuck. I try not to snicker; watching them discreetly would be much harder if I get caught laughing at the popular kids. I observe quietly, watching her bright red lipstick, the funky, swallow-shaped earrings she's wearing, and the way her hair is styled in some fancy ponytail. Her entire look is perfected and unique; it's not as if anyone else would dare wear the clothing Bella does. It's Tuesday, third period. I know when the bell rings, Jacob Black will escort her to biology, then he will race to the other side of the school for his own class. It's a little pathetic, an obedient little puppy catering to her every whim even though she hasn't asked for it—as far as I know, that is—but I can't blame Jacob. If she'd known I existed, I would have done the same. Like Jasper, Jacob has recently decided to become a hipster. Perhaps that was the closest male equivalent to Bella's retro style; I don't know. He wore jeans so tight I cringed just thinking about sitting down in them, lumberjack shirts buttoned all the way up, and non-ironic suspenders. He'd tried, in the past weeks, to grow one of those massive hipster beards, but while his body was pretty damn huge for a sixteen-year-old kid, his facial hair wasn't quite as evolved. Instead, he added a bow tie and gelled his hair into a very sharp, very greasy side parting. I didn't actually want to know this many details about Jacob and Jasper. It was just inevitable. Came with the territory of obsessively pining over the most gorgeous girl in school. She was always flanked by friends and groupies. Freshmen gravitated toward her group as if they instinctively knew they were the ones to suck up to if you wanted to make it in high school. Sometimes, I wish I could be a suave guy, dressed to the nines in designer clothes and woo her. Or even just … new clothes and a bit of extra confidence. I look down at my T-shirt—a simple black one that had been washed and worn so many times it was more dark gray than black now—and the jeans I've been wearing for a year, no longer reaching past my ankles thanks to my recent growth spurt, and let out a sigh. Even if I had tried, I would've never been welcomed into the "it" crowd. ~WD~ On Wednesday, she wears a mint green pencil dress with white buttons, which ends right above her calves. It hugs her curves, showing off her gorgeous figure. She's oblivious to the staring boys, to the freshman so distracted by her beauty that he walks into the lockers face-first. She smiles and chats with her loyal group of hipsters and wannabes. Rosalie Hale is there, showing way more skin than is appropriate for this bleak September day. I wonder if she ever gets cold in her miniskirts and tank tops. Alice Brandon is next to her, every inch of her skin below the neck covered in layers of black fabric. Black fingernails, black smudges around her eyes, black hair. I don't think they would have ever run in the same circles in any other high school, but this school has Bella, and Bella doesn't discriminate. Bella unites. Bella is that girl who's so popular she's beyond high school cliques. The hipster boys, slutty Rose, and Goth Alice aren't there to talk to each other, they're hanging around Bella. She pulls everyone in, weak little lemmings indistinguishable and replaceable, and she is the sun their lives revolve around. And I'm a sad, love-sick, wannabe poet teenager. I'm fully aware how pathetic my obsession with her is. If it were anyone else, standing in the shadows, staring at her all day, I'd call them a creep, a stalker, and yet what am I doing? Exactly that. Jacob makes a joke, thumbs hooked behind his brown leather suspenders, somehow taking himself seriously in that outfit. Bella's glorious laughter fills the hallway as she bends at the waist, putting her hand on his arm to steady herself, and that's my cue to leave because I don't want to watch her touch anyone else. I groan at my own hopelessness. ~WD~ The next day, it's a figure-hugging pencil skirt again, all black, combined with a red off-the-shoulder shirt, and it's sinfully sexy. The shirt's probably new. I would know, of course; I've been keeping up with this mental catalogue of Bella's appearance for eight months, ever since she transferred here. I remember being captivated by her the moment she stepped into the school, dressed in a blue Audrey Hepburn-style dress, clutching her books, and I'd never wanted to be confident more than in that moment, to say hi and show her around. Instead, Mike Newton pounced, jumped into her personal space and laid on the charm thick, and within hours, she was popular, and there was no chance I'd ever talk to her now. I look down at my own clothes—an old pair of khaki shorts and a sleeveless shirt with a random picture of Hawaii on it that my dad probably got from the thrift shop a few years ago. It's ugly and frayed but it's the only thing I own that's appropriate for a rare hot day like today with the temperature reaching an incredibly rare 82 degrees. The staring at Bella is worse today. The neckline of her shirt is quite high, it's not as if she's showing any cleavage, but the skirt is tight and the bare shoulders … Jake takes her to calculus even though he's not in her class. She says bye to him in the hallway at the precise moment I pass by to enter the classroom, and for a second, we're close enough to touch. I take a deep breath and chastise myself for being pathetic enough to even acknowledge such a thing. Mr. Molina, the calculus teacher, is clearly not a fan of those bare shoulders, or perhaps a little too much of a fan, and he singles her out the moment she sits down. "Miss Swan," he starts sternly. "This is not a burlesque show, it's a school with a dress code. Please, go see the principal." I hold my breath. As far as I know, no one's ever commented negatively on Bella's style before, and I can't remember anyone ever having been sent to the principal for violating the dress code. "Could you please be more specific how I violate the dress code, sir?" she asks. Her tone is sugary sweet but with a sharp edge. "Don't talk back to me, Miss Swan. I'm sure you know exactly what I mean, and if you don't agree, take it up with Principal Greene." Some classmates start mumbling and buzzing, as if witnessing the beginning of a boxing match. Bella is known as a sweet girl but not tirelessly complacent, and we're all waiting impatiently, eagerly, to see how she responds. "With all due respect, Mr. Molina, I will argue this point with you right here instead of going to Principal Greene because if you send me away and continue with your class in my absence, that implies my dress style is more important than my education, and I respectfully disagree." Her words are calmly spoken, and yet somehow, I just know she's furious. "Your attire is inappropriate, Miss Swan, and that is that." Mr. Molina attempts to be stern, crossing his arms, but he doesn't elaborate, and that shows his weakness. If he can't even explain why her bare shoulders are wrong, he surely can't win this argument. "And I am asking you respectfully to indicate which parts of my attire you are alluding to, sir, so that I may understand your complaint." Her tone is icy now, and I'm amazed at her bravery. I've never had the courage to stand up to a teacher or authority figure, even Mr. Molina, who once kicked me out of class because my T-shirt was dirty. "Your skirt and your bare shoulders," Mr. Molina finally states, equally icy. He's not used to defiance, clearly, and I can tell his face is getting red from anger. The class begins to mumble and hiss louder. Bella is almost a saint at this school, and it's clear everybody's on her side. Probably inspired by her friend's bravery, Rosalie stands up before Bella can reply. "My skirt is shorter than hers, and you didn't want to kick me out," she states, pointing her fingers at her denim miniskirt. "And I've worn outfits with a hell of a lot less fabric than hers!" The class murmurs in agreement. If anyone has ever defied the dress code, it's Rosalie, who would probably wear a napkin if she could get away with it. "My skirt's above the knees, too, and hers practically comes down to her ankles!" Lauren suddenly says, exaggerating wildly—Bella's skirt barely reaches her knees. Lauren isn't in Bella's inner circle at all, and it's obvious Bella's surprised by the action as she throws her a grateful smile. No one's pointed out anything about bare shoulders yet, which to me was the weirdest thing about Molina's argument; I mean, it's shoulders, who cares? They're beautiful, and she looks amazing, and yeah, I did some mental groaning, but that doesn't mean she should have to change. A quick look around the room shows that everyone's actually wearing clothes with short sleeves, so no one can back her up. Except me. I'm wearing that old frayed Hawaii shirt that's one inch of fabric away from being a wife beater, bare shoulders and everything. "We're trying to create a distraction-free educational environment here," Mr. Molina starts. Bella, Rosalie, and Lauren are still standing tall, all adopting the same pose, hands on hips in clear defiance of the teacher. Molina just looks angrier and angrier, and I know the three girls aren't going to be enough, and I know the perfect argument to Molina's nonsense, and if I could just find the