Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: A Thin Line Between Love and Hate Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: MA Word Count: 11,312 Summary: Edward Cullen and Bella Swan hate each other. They have been working their way up the corporate ladder in the prestigious advertising firm, Volturi Interactive Advertising Agency. Everything is a competition between the two, but when partnered on a lucrative account, will they discover that it's a thin line between love and hate? DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. A Thin Line Between Love and Hate BPOV "Swan," Edward sneered as we waited for the elevator in the parking garage. "Cullen," I sneered back. I shifted my bag, trying to keep the heavy satchel from spilling onto the floors. The elevator dinged and Cullen pushed past me, causing my shit to fall all over the ground, including the proposal for Marcus for the new Hysteria Vodka label. I scrambled to pick it up, saving my work from being trampled on. Cullen just laughed as the elevator doors closed. I flipped him off, muttering under my breath. "Asshole." "Don't let Cullen get under your skin," said my best friend and partner in crime, Rose. She was also the personal assistant for Marcus Volturi, my immediate boss. She easily swept up the rest of my papers and cradled them to her chest. "He's a douche canoe and I think he's being particularly nasty because of that rash he caught from Skankya." "Ewwwww!" I groaned. "I don't need to know that. I really don't need to know that!" "Well, it's all hearsay. Who knows?" she said, waving her hands. "Did you finish that proposal for Marcus?" "I did, but I need to reprint it," I said, holding up a damp page of my proposal. "I think this is one of Cullen's boats that stomped on my brilliant ideas. Why does he still work here?" "Because he's fucking brilliant and he brings in most of the revenue for Aro's team," Rose shrugged, helping me into the next elevator car. "Just like you bring in most of the revenue for Marcus's team. You both are rock stars. If only you could get along." "Pssh, that'll never happen," I snorted. "We've hated each other from the moment we met at orientation." "Well, you know, there's a thin line between love and hate," Rose smirked. "Do you remember how much I hated Emmett?" "And yet, you're getting married," I said. "Okay, okay. Both love and hate are passionate responses, but I truly hate Edward Cullen. It will never, ever change to love. Even if he starts shitting puppy dogs and rainbows, he's an asshole and I want to shove my Jimmy Choo up his ass." "He might like that," Rose cackled. We arrived at the top floor of Volterra, the huge skyscraper in the middle of Chicago. Edward Cullen and I, we both worked for one of the most prestigious advertising firms in the country, Volturi Interactive Advertising Agency. We were both hired out of college and rose through the ranks quickly for our unique ideas. I worked mainly with Marcus Volturi, who had food and beverage accounts. Edward worked with Aro Volturi. They focused their attention on hotels and clothing lines. Caius, the third brother, focused mainly on local businesses and celebrities. It was a great job and it paid well. I was challenged, able to use my imagination. It was perfect for someone who got a double major from Northwestern in business and graphic design. Also, with Volturi's amazing higher education initiative, I also got my MBA from my alma mater as well. "I'm going to try and salvage this mess," I sighed, taking the papers from Rose. "Thanks." "Meet me at 10:15 for coffee. We have lots to discuss about the Hale/McCarty wedding," she said, teetering off to her office next to Marcus's. I went the opposite direction to my corner office overlooking the Chicago River. I also had my own private conference room for meetings with clients. It was a sweet deal. I logged into the computer and went into the conference room, laying out the proposal I'd come up with for Hysteria Vodka. "Fucking Cullen," I snapped. "You are not fucking Cullen," he said, leaning against the door jamb of my conference room. "But, with a body like yours, we could have some fun, Swan." "You're an asshole. You see this?" I growled, holding up the paper with his banana boat shoe print on it. "This is your fucking dirty work. Could you be any ruder?" "I could," he sang. "But, I'm attached to my balls. Thanks." "What do you want?" I snapped. "Aro asked me to get you and Marcus. He's got some big idea," he said, wiggling his fingers. "Okay, asking is putting it mildly; like you have a choice in the matter. He demands you come with me." "I'm this close to shoving my foot up your ass, Cullen," I sighed. "I'm shaking in my Armani suit," he said. "Ten minutes, Swan. Aro's office." He turned on his heel, sauntering away. I closed my eyes, pinching my nose and took a deep cleansing breath. I counted to ten, just like my therapist said and I didn't feel one bit calmer. Growling, I stomped to the break room and made myself some tea, inhaling a banana nut muffin. I imagined it was one of Cullen's banana boat shoes. I felt slightly better after that. Carbs always make me calm down. Grabbing my tablet and stylus, I walked to Aro's office. Marcus was already there, speaking with Aro. Rose was there as well, along with Aro's personal assistant, a pixie-like girl named Alice. She was recently hired after Aro's former assistant decided to be a stay at home mom. Edward was flirting with Alice, but she was ignoring him. I liked her already. "Good, everyone's here," Aro said. "Please, have a seat." I sat down next to my boss, starting a new document. "I just got some amazing news from one of my biggest clients, who also has an account with you, Marcus. Jacob Black, the owner of the Hysteria liquor label is opening up a new casino and luxury resort in Atlantic City, themed around his liquor label. Edward has come up with some brilliant ideas for promoting the casino, but he wants to have the opening of his new casino and resort coincide with the introduction of his Hysteria Flavored Vodka." "So, what does this mean?" Edward asked. "It means that you and Bella will be flying to Atlantic city and working with Jacob Black to create an advertising dream team, promoting Hysteria Casino and the launch of Hysteria Flavored Vodkas," Aro beamed. "You both leave tomorrow and will stay until the grand opening of the hotel, which is a month from now. Jacob will be providing you with accommodations." "What about our other accounts?" I questioned. "I've got several presentations to make …" "Don't worry about those," Marcus said, rubbing my shoulder. "We can always do a Skype session. Your main focus should be on this joint account. I think you and Edward will collaborate tremendously well, creating something to make all of us proud." I shot a look to Edward. His lips were pursed and his hands were in tight fists. "Now, both of you have the rest of the day off to pack up for your trip. I've sent your travel information to your email. Be at Chicago Executive Airport by seven." "Good luck," Aro said, pushing away from the table. Marcus, along with Rose and Alice left. Edward and I were alone in the conference room. "Did that just happen?" Edward asked. "Yep," I nodded. "We have to work together?" he squeaked. "Yep." "Does God hate me?" he groaned. "Yep. He must hate me, too," I added. Blowing out a breath, I stood up. "You focus on the casino. I'll focus on the liquor. Heaven knows, I'll be drinking a lot of it having to work with you. See you in the morning, Cullen." I turned and left him as he shoved his hands into his artfully messy bronze-colored hair. I packed up my computer, tablet and several other items from my office. I waved to my personal assistant, who had already been informed about the month-long trip I was taking. I told her to keep me appraised about the rest of my accounts in weekly email updates. With that, I left the office and drove back to my condo. It was going to be a long-ass month. EPOV Pushing through my closet, I couldn't find my lucky black Prada suit. "God damn it," I snapped. I dialed my PA. "Lucas! Did you drop off my suit to the dry cleaners?" "What suit?" he asked. "The black one. My Prada suit?" I growled. "I did. I picked it up this morning. It's at the office," Lucas responded. "I don't need it at the office. I need it at my house. When you're done for the day, please bring it," I said. "Thanks." I hung up the phone, tossing it onto my king-sized bed. "Why her? Why Swan? Ugh!" There was no denying that Isabella Swan was a brilliant woman, but everything she did grated on my every nerve. We met at orientation at Volturi Interactive Advertising Agency. I was hoping to make a friend, or at least a fuck-buddy. We both were recent graduates. She graduated from Northwestern and I had completed my schooling at Cornell. She was gorgeous, with big brown eyes, long chocolate-colored hair and a tight body. Then, she opened her mouth. Her voice was like nails on a chalk board and she always had to be right. Always. So, my hopes for a friend/fuck-buddy went out the window. Our working relationship started off cordial, but with each account we were assigned, it became more of a competition. She was promoted. Then, I worked my ass off and I was promoted. It continued until we are today. I was the senior advertising executive, underneath Aro Volturi. She was the senior advertising executive for Marcus Volturi. Swan cranked out more advertisements, but her market was smaller. I had quality, not quantity. I worked with huge corporations, hotels and resorts. My profit margin was bigger and I made sure my clients were happy. And no, I didn't fuck my clients. I do have some moral compass and ethics. What kind of asshole do you take me for? In fact, I don't fuck at all. I miss sex. A lot. But, being married to the fucking job, kind of makes having meaningful relationships a little difficult. So, I have a nightly date with Rosie and her five sisters. Plus, a lot of porn. Unable to finish packing until Lucas came with my lucky suit, I went to the gym. It was the first time since I started at Volturi that I went to the gym during the day. Usually, I went before I went to work, at around four in the morning or when I got home, at nine at night. Did I mention I was married to my job? I spent a good two hours working out the kinks and I felt much more relaxed when I got back home. Lucas came by around six with my suit and some other things he had dry cleaned for me. I thanked him, sending him on his merry way. Packing up my bags, I put them by the door of my brownstone. It had been in my family for years. My grandfather moved in here once he arrived from Ireland. He worked his way to make a better life for my dad and his brothers. Gramps died before I could meet him, but my dad made sure that regardless of the riches