Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: Together Forever Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: T Word Count: 7,115 Summary: A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other; maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever. DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Together Forever -o0…x…0o- Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. – Aristotle " You will never be enough." Have you ever looked into the mirror? Go home little girl, and see for yourself what everybody else sees." " Huh! Never have I seen such a delusional person as you. How pathetic!" And they laughed at her. Being the shy, reserved girl she was, she never talked back to them; knowing very well that would be futile. And she did not want to argue with them. Not when she knew very well that they were right. Those words haunted her every waking moment. She was almost convinced that they spoke truth. She never understood how they could read her secret so easily, like she was an open book. Or perhaps they knew simply because they were all the same as her. They shared the same desire, the same secret —although their secret was not much of a secret to begin with. They did not fear or hesitate to voice their feelings, as hollow as those feelings could be. And her secret was buried safely deep inside her; nevertheless, they could see. But that did not matter then; nor did they matter now. What mattered most was the fact that they had not told any single word about this to him. Him . The object of their mutual affection. Maybe they were afraid. During their best efforts to persuade him into liking them, they had never said a thing about her in front of him. What if they thought that maybe he would notice her all of a sudden if they told him about her? Maybe that was why. Or, maybe they thought she was not worthy enough to be brought into their mindless conversations. But she knew one thing for sure— if she did not take a step and see for herself what happened next, she would die in regret, bearing the burden of maybes and what ifs. And she for all people could not possibly risk that. She had promised herself long ago that she would be with him forever and more. Could they feel what she had always felt for him? To her, it felt like he was the other half of her, the better half. That a soul had been split into two and the important half had taken the form of him and the insignificant part was born within her. That her entire being felt complete, whole and alive when he was near. And she could never envision her life without him. If only she wasn't his best friend— and only that. Nothing more, nothing less. -o0…x…0o- It all began three years ago. In their sophomore year of high school, a family moved to the gloomy town of Forks. It was undoubtedly the most entertaining thing that had ever happened to the town. All of a sudden there was chattering and whispering about the new arrivals in the neighborhood. The Cullens. Dr. Cullen turned out to be an eminent surgeon and his wife was also a well known interior designer, and they had a teenage son. There was also the fact that both Dr. and Mrs. Cullen were strikingly good looking, so naturally it all was up to the town peoples' imagination what 'the son' looked like. And without any doubt, the question was thrown across back and forth—why would a family like that move into this no good town from Seattle? The big house that had been practically hidden all this time behind the huge canopy of evergreens seemed to be waiting for their arrival. For whom else would a house as majestic as that suit? Both Dr. and Mrs. Cullen blended with their neighbors as well as the other residents of the town so easily, that it was hard to tell that they were newcomers. The good doctor had taken a job in the local hospital, where someone like him was needed—desperately. And all those who had the chance of meeting Mrs. Cullen were blown away by the woman's warm and friendly nature. As is bound to happen everywhere, some people—specifically two horridly envious women, the ever popular Mrs. Stanley and Mrs. Mallory—could not stand the happy family. To this day they still sneer and every opportunity they get, they do their best to flirt with Dr. Cullen and make bitch faces behind Mrs. Cullen's back. But those poor, poor unrelenting women still have not understood that Dr. Cullen is devoted to the love of his life, his wife. But aside from all this, that year Forks High went insane; from sophomore to senior, there was no girl in school who did not go through a makeover. Well, perhaps that is not entirely true, for girls like Bella Swan and Angela Webber and a few others couldn't care less. Their number was countable with the digits of one hand, and they all had their own reasons. Rosalie Hale finally got to spend every moment at school with Emmett McCarty, instead of chasing away and glaring at the hoard of drooling bitches off her boyfriend's back and well, for that matter… front too. She could not have been more thankful. Alice Brandon had finally let out a relieved sigh when the girls all got distracted and averted their (nasty) gazes and proposals and countless 'love notes' from Jasper Whitlock, whom she is certain of marrying someday. Also, she could not wait to befriend her savior. Then there was Angela Webber, with her polite smile and big nerdy glasses; who was totally in love with the closet nerd Ben Cheney, who in spite of being a couple of inches shorter than her, had totally bewitched her. At present, they are happily dating. So, that girl too did not care. Lastly, the infamous Bella Swan—the epitome of clumsiness and shyness. Nobody had ever tried to look under those dark brown bangs, into her soulful brown eyes. She had always been rejected by the popular kids at the very first glance. And when the majority of kids treat themselves as popular, there is no way anybody is going to notice a person they labeled as 'not their type'. But it did not matter then, just like it does not matter now. Back then, she was content with her life, with Angela as her only friend and Alice occasionally dropping by. Nothing has changed since then. Yet everything has changed. She changed and started viewing the world in a new light—his light. But back then it did not matter to her either. Why should she busy herself with something as insignificant as that? So, she too remained as she always had been, wearing the same old comfortable clothes, which to others seemed baggy and outdated. Well, that suited her just fine. She had no one to look good for. The rumors about the new student may have had the whole of Forks High in a frenzy, but she did not feel even an ounce of excitement about him, the latest addition. After all, rumors are rumors, right? But the day came when he first set his foot on the school premises and everyone saw with their own eyes that the rumors were indeed very true. Throughout the whole morning she heard hushed and not-so-hushed whispers about his dashing entry. Those who could not witness the historical event were heartbroken and grieving for their lost opportunity. And there she was, getting fed up with all the talking. How could they not get tired of constant gossiping over just one subject? She wondered how he was dealing with all this. Maybe he was enjoying all the attention. But Bella Swan did not know what was going to hit her. She did not know that the little world she had created around herself would just explode, and only little fragments of it would be left behind. That same day at lunch, she chanced a look across the cafeteria, and lost everything she most valued. Who knew a fifteen year old girl like her, who hesitated to show even a small flicker of emotion would feel her blood-pumping organ beating against her ribcage that crazily? Who knew she would flush a deep red and hide her face deeper than ever under her curls? Who knew she would find it hard, very hard to breath and would choke on her bite of sandwich, thus coughing and gasping for air nearly to her death? And who in this whole universe knew at that moment he would look at her way, only to see her as a snotty, coughing mess? If someone had warned her, she might not have shown up at school that day. But of course no one could have predicted what happened. For her, meeting him was more than a life altering incident. With his furrowed brows and somewhat concerned expression, she noticed that he never laughed at her like the others. No, she would not change a single thing. … That day, after calming down somewhat, she fled from the cafeteria too embarrassed to answer Angela's concerned questions. The cold weather outside did very little to decrease the blood flow in her cheeks as she continued down the path towards the woods behind the school. Nobody usually took this route. Why would someone go wandering in the woods in this weather, leaving behind the warmth of the building, their friends and all the gossip? No one but her had any reason to flee that purgatory in search for some desperately needed relief. And no way in hell was she going back in there anytime soon. The rest of the classes could carry on without her. In those three or four terrible minutes, she had humiliated herself enough for a lifetime and more. Why did it have to happen to her right at that moment; and not to mention it happened in front of him! With that thought, she stopped short, the heels of her sneakers digging in the dirty moist leaves covering the trail she was walking through mindlessly. What? What on earth she was thinking? Incidents like almost choking to death back in the cafeteria, or any other similarly embarrassing occurrences had never bothered her much before. Not when she tripped and kissed the ground—well it was a puddle of mud to be exact—the other day. It had entertained almost everyone around her so much that when she made herself presentable after a mad dash towards the restroom, all she got were a few pitiful stares for her gracelessness and not-so-few questions regarding the taste of mud, amid snickers and giggles. On top of that Angela had chosen that of all days to get sick and skip classes, so she was practically alone. When Alice showed up, it was too late for consolation and bitching about everyone. It didn't bother her that much back then. She clenched her fists even more, her blunt nails digging into the soft flesh of her palms. Why was this happening to her? She had always lived an isolated life at school. She had never been good with crowds—always the awkward, clumsy girl. She had always been different from the others and she liked it that way. She always felt that it was good to be alone with fewer things to burden your mind. But maybe she thought that because she never had a bunch of buddies to connect with, to talk and listen about