Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: Drunken Proclamations Pairing: Bella & Edward Rating: M Word count: 7,199 Summary: A few drunken texts forever changed Bella and Edward's relationship, for better or for worse. DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material are copyrighted to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Drunken Proclamations BPOV My heart shattered in my chest, and I gasped for air as I stared at my cell phone through tear filled eyes. My stomach turned violently, and I thought I'd be sick, but not from the alcohol that I consumed last night. What had I done? Saturday 2:32 am B: I love you. 3 B: There I said it. Alice would be proud that I finally told you. B: Crap! I can't believe that I told you that I love you. B: I do, though. You're perfect. Smart. Sweet. Sexy. You look like Adonis. You make my insides flutter and go gooey when you smile at me. B: My Christmas wish is that you love me too. I'm tired of being your best friend, waiting for you to see that I'm better for you than any other girl. B: Like slutty Tanya. What do you see in her? She's a mega bitch! B: Love Bella. 3 Saturday 9:05am E: Bella, we can't be friends anymore. I don't love you and never will. You're pathetic, and I always felt sorry for you. My heart belongs to Tanya. I plan on asking her to marry me this Christmas. That's my Christmas wish. It would be better for everyone involved if you didn't interfere and ruin the best thing that has ever happened to me. Have a good life. I sent a drunken text and lost my best friend in the process. I wished I could take back everything I said. It was all true, but I needed him in my life, he had been my rock. I could even settle for being friends, even though I couldn't stand Tanya. Edward Cullen was, or had been, my best friend; the one that I had foolishly fallen in love with. We had connected instantly on my first day at Forks High over two years ago. Everything about him was perfect—he was athletic, smart, musically talented, handsome and incredibly sweet. When my first boyfriend, Jared, became abusive because I wouldn't sleep with him—it was Edward who got me through it. Sniffling I picked up my phone and called the only person I could think of. "Hello?" Alice answered. I opened my mouth to speak, but it went dry. Alice was Edward's twin sister. I couldn't talk to her about this. I hung up, then tossed my phone away from me. I buried my head under my covers as it started to ring—it stopped only to begin again shortly after. Moments later I got a text. A: Why aren't you answering. Are you okay? Call me now, or I'll call the police to come check on you. I wiped my tears, and with a sigh, I dialed her. "Bella, thank God. You made me freak out for a moment there, you can't call and hang up like that then not answer. Did you butt dial me or something?" Alice chirped excitedly into the phone. "I'm sorry, Alice. I'm fine." I couldn't hide the break in my voice. "You don't sound fine. What's wrong? Do you want me to get Edward?" she said anxiously. "No! Don't get Edward." The dam broke, and I started to cry "Well, I will if you don't start talking. Are you hurt?" She sounded concerned. "I did something completely stupid, and I can't take it back," I confessed. "Okay, take a deep breath and tell me. I doubt it could be as bad as you think," she said calmly. "I went to that party I told you about last night. I stupidly thought that drinking the punch would be safe. Come to find out they put grain alcohol in it." I paused before I got to the next part. "Is that all. So you drank before you were twenty-one, that's hardly anything to get that upset over." She sounded relieved. "No, Alice. It's what I did when I was drunk that I can never take back," I explained as a new flood of tears fell down my cheeks. "Bella Swan, are you telling me you had a one night stand…it was consensual, right?" Alice gasped. "No. It's much worse…I sent a text telling Edward that I loved him," I admitted. "Wow…um…okay. Well…stop freaking out. Let me think for a minute... you know this could be a good thing." She tried to sound encouraging. "I even bet years from now you'll be laughing about this. This could just be the kick start you two needed. I always thought you two would be perfect for one another." She laughed. "Alice, he already texted me back." I winced. "Look, I'm sorry, I shouldn't be talking about this with you. That's why I hung up, he's your brother, and it's not right to put you in the middle." "Bella, sweetie, calm down. Yes, he's my twin, but that doesn't mean I'll take his side if he's wrong. Of course, I'll have no problem telling you when you're wrong as well. What did he say?" she demanded. I closed my eyes tight and couldn't answer. "All right. I'll ask him . Let me see if he's out of the shower," Alice huffed. "Alice, please don't…" I trailed off as she called his name. "Edward…Tanya, what are you doing here?" Alice sounded surprised. I hung up quickly before I could hear Tanya's response and turned off my phone. I buried myself under my blankets, praying that I'd wake up and all of this would be some horrible dream. I tossed and turned for a while before I got up to grab some water and curl up on my couch to hopefully watch something and distract myself. After going through all the channels twice, I flicked the television off and decided to take a walk. The icy cold wind whipped through my woolen pea coat and chilled me to the bone as I made my way across campus. If I wanted to survive a New England winter, I'd have to get a heavier coat. Alice convinced me to get this one, saying that I would look cute in it. However, neither of us factored in the weather practicality. It was supposed to be the happiest time of the year; however, seeing Christmas decorations adorned everywhere only added to my gloom. The campus was already empty since exams ended yesterday. It looked as if I was spending the holidays by myself in New Hampshire. This was my year for me to visit my mother. However, she called me excitedly the first week in December telling me that her new husband, Phil, bought them tickets for a cruise. She wanted to see if I minded going to my father's this year, and I could visit them for Spring break. She sounded so happy, I couldn't say no. Especially, after Phil was kind enough to help pay for college and an apartment, so I didn't have to live in the dorms. When I called my dad, I didn't get a chance to tell him about my change of plans before he told me about a fishing trip he had planned with his friend, Billy. He would've changed his plans in a heartbeat, but since the man has never taken a vacation for himself, I couldn't ask him to give it up for me. That's when Edward had heard about my plans to stay in New Hampshire, and he insisted that I join his family in Aspen for the holidays. I refused at first not wanting to intrude. But when I received a phone call from Esme, she insisted that I join them. However, all those plans went down the drain. There was no way I was going to join them and watch Edward propose to Tanya. I was frozen through by the time I made it back the apartment. But at least the tears had stopped for now. I grabbed a book and settled on the couch, wrapped up in a throw blanket. EPOV I wiped the mirror with my towel so I could see my reflection. I braced my hands on the sink and leaned forward, staring at myself. I took a deep breath to practice what I wanted to say. "You look beautiful tonight." I shook my head. She would just roll her eyes and disagree. "I don't want to be friends anymore." No…just no. That would be taken the wrong way. "Can we talk?" Eh…so-so "There comes a time—" There comes a time? Sounds like something my grandfather would say. "I love you!" I blurted out. Too fast? Come on, Cullen, you can do this. Why was this so difficult? She was the easiest person I had ever talked to. I straightened up and tried once more. "Bella—" "Edward…Tanya, what are you doing here?" Alice shouted from the other room. Tanya was here? Why? I grabbed my t-shirt and yanked it over my head. "What's going on? Tanya, why are you here?" I opened the door. She was sitting on my bed in this short, red velvet dress with white fur trim. Seeing her there made me want to burn my bedspread. Tanya had been a mistake I made senior year in high school. Thank God, I had the foresight not to fuck her. I found out quickly that Tanya was looser than a pocket full of change with a hole in it. "I wanted to surprise you, but your sister ruined it." She glared at Alice. Alice was staring at her phone in concern. She glanced up and shot Tanya a withering stare that would make a snowman melt on a cold winter's day. "Shut up, Skankya. Edward, we need to talk. It's an emergency." Alice looked upset. "You can't talk to me like that, Alice. Eddie, tell her to leave, we have some making up to do. I decided to forgive you for dumping me." She tossed her blonde curls over her shoulders and puffed out her chest until her breasts almost popped out of the dress. "Tanya, get your whoring ass off my bed and out of my room—you're not welcome here. And I don't care if you forgive me because I don't forgive you. Your true colors make you a very ugly person that I could never love," I thundered. "Don't be that way, Eddie. I already told our mothers you're proposing this Christmas. Think how disappointed they will be." Tanaya pouted. "You delusional, psychotic bitch, can't you take a hint? My brother would never marry you even if you paid him—though I assume it's you who's used to being paid," Alice hissed. "You're the bitch." Tanya chucked her cell phone across the room at Alice, who dodged in time, watching as it soundly hit the wall. "I'm not delusional, it will happen. Then I'll make sure Eddie cuts you from his life like that pathetic Swan girl." Tanya sneered then turned to me. "Nothing less than three carats." She stormed from the room and slammed the door behind her. "Damn, she's gone completely crazy." I shook my head. "Tell me about it." Alice rolled her eyes. "What's the emergency?" I remembered that Alice had come in here upset. "Oh shit!" Alice's eyes widened, and she tried to call someone on her phone. It wasn't like her to curse, so something had to be wrong. "Shit. She's still not answering." She looked up at me with accusing eyes. "What did you say to her?" "Say to who? Tanya? You were here for all of it." I became confused. "Not the skank. Bella." Alice was getting impatient. "The last thing I