Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: Curves Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M (to be on the safe side) Word count: 8,248 Summary: Bella needs to make some changes in her life, but after a visit to Dr Cullen, she may get more than she bargained for. DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Curves I never gave much thought to how I would die, but falling out of an attic in a cloud of plaid and flannel seemed a pretty shitty way to go... Hefting her leg on to the couch and gazing around the doctor's office, Bella cringed at the thought of what was about to happen. She had been mortified when she rang for an appointment only to be told that Dr Gerandy was on leave and she would have to see Dr Cullen instead. Bella had heard the legend of Dr Cullen's attractiveness; she had heard the sighs as people spoke of him. Both women AND men exalted him as the most attractive creature to ever walk the face of the Earth! Mrs Stanley swore blind that he was the eighth wonder of the modern world. As if being the most handsome man the good citizens of Forks had ever laid their eyes upon wasn't enough, he was also apparently the nicest, kindest, gentlest person too! None of this comforted Bella, for she knew better. She just hoped the townsfolk had given Dr Cullen the legend of Bella Swan: Town Klutz, Social Misfit and if it hadn't have been for her late father's social standing— the potential Town Outcast. Waiting for the good doctor led Bella's mind to wander. She could see it now, the headline of the Forks Observer: " Social pariah's leg hair causes Town Saviour to flee in disgust!" She was going to be hounded out of Forks; she would have to live under an assumed identity, in a cave in the Canadian wilderness. He was going to take one look at her and be so disgusted by what he saw that he would leave Forks and probably the medical profession immediately—never to return. "Miss Swan... Miss Swan, are you okay?" Bella was roused from her reverie by a warm, melodic voice. She turned towards the sound and was stunned by the vision in front of her. "It's smelly and hairy and I'm sorry," she blurted, her filter obliterated by the tall, blonde Demi God standing before her, she clapped her hand over her mouth before she could ask to sniff him, lick him or worse! "What is?" "My leg. I don't want you to choke on the leg hair forest under here and I don't want the stench to drive you out town, people will never forgive me," she rambled. Dr Cullen chuckled. "It's not the first time I have taken a plaster cast off, Miss Swan. I am sure I will not run screaming in terror from what is underneath this cast!" He smiled kindly at her. "How did you end up in a full leg cast?" "I was moving some of Charlie's stuff into the attic, before I redecorated his room." "Charlie?" "Um... Yeah, my dad. He was the Police Chief here; he died a few months ago." "I'm so sorry for your loss. Was it sudden?" "Charlie didn't look after himself as well as he should have done. Too many dinners at the Diner and too many nights in front of the television with a beer caught up with him. I tried to get him to eat more healthily and exercise more, but he fished every weekend and said that was enough for any man." Wiping away the tears that had started to fall, she continued, "I mean, I have no room to talk, do I? Look at the size of me, big old Bella telling her Dad to lay off the burgers—maybe if I'd been a better example he would have listened more." Dr Cullen squeezed her arm gently. "Sweetheart, your Dad was a grown man and as such, he was capable of deciding whether to have a steak or a salad to eat. None of this is your fault. You didn't do this on purpose did you?" His brow furrowed as he asked the question. Bella gasped. "Oh no, no, no—I promise it was an accident. I was putting boxes of Charlie's clothes in the attic and toppled off the ladder. I'm lucky I only broke my leg—the Paramedics said if I had fallen the other way I would have broken my neck!" Bella shuddered at the thought. Squirming uncomfortably she continued, "I overheard them talking when I was in hospital, that if I wasn't so big it would have probably been a sprained ankle rather than a double leg break." Bella looked down at the floor unable to take in the perfection of Dr Cullen any longer. Carlisle felt a surge of protectiveness towards the broken young woman in front of him. He felt duty-bound to get her back on her feet in more ways than one. He wanted to restore her shattered confidence and help her find joy in life once more, and he knew exactly who could help him. "Bella, I am going to recommend a course of gentle exercise to aid your recovery." Bella paled at his suggestion. "You're not sending me to Fat Camp are you?" she squeaked. Patting her hand, he chuckled at her shriek of indignation. "No Bella, not at all. My son-in-law Emmett runs a gym and his team specialises in rehabilitation after injuries." He could feel Bella release the tension with his reassurance. "He won't turn me into a she-hulk, will he?" she queried, feeling foolish at her uncharacteristic outburst. "Not at all, Bella—just a programme of gentle exercises to help you regain strength and mobility. Should you wish to join the gym on a more permanent basis I am sure Emmett will help you do that too. Now what say you to getting out of this cast?" Bella cringed as the good doctor fired up the cutting disc and bent towards her leg. She fervently hoped that his constitution was as strong as he said it was. After meeting him for the first time, she could see why Forks was so enthralled by Dr Cullen and his aura of loveliness. As the high pitched whirring continued, Bella formulated her escape plan just in case. I never gave much thought to how I would die—but dying of abject mortification outside a gym seemed a very public way to go and if I didn't get a move on and head inside pretty damn quick, that was exactly what was going to happen. Taking a deep breath and mentally pulling up her big girl panties, Bella pushed open the door of 'Emz Gunz and Bunz' and hobbled inside. Taking in her surroundings, Bella was blissfully unaware of the spiky haired ninja creeping up behind her. "Welcome to Emz!" Bella screamed and clutched at her chest to stop her heart from beating clean out of her body. "Sweet baby Cheesus! I thought coming to the gym was supposed to be good for you! By the gods, I think you've taken at least 10 years off my life!" The creeping ninja had the good grace to look embarrassed. "Sorry, I thought you had heard me. I'm Alice and I'm the head receptionist here. How can I help you?" "Um... Hi. Bella... Bella Swan. Dr Cullen recommended this place; I'm supposed to ask for Emmett?" Alice beamed. "Dad working his magic again, eh? Come on over to the desk and we'll make a start on the paperwork." Bella paled. "I just want a look round, I can't commit to anything yet." Alice rolled her eyes. "It will save time, silly. You will love it here—we are going to be the very best of friends Bella, I just know it!" As Bella was filling out the required paperwork, Alice suddenly burst into giggles. Bella cocked an eyebrow at the maniacal cackling erupting from the tiny person in front of her. Alice held her hand up. "Sorry, I just had a funny thought." Bella was rapidly rethinking Dr Cullen's recommendation; she made the snap decision to leave. Placing the pen on the counter and stepping back, she stilled as a dark shadow fell across her. "Welcome to 'Emz Gunz and Bunz', I'm Emmett and it's fabulous to meet you." Bella was suddenly engulfed in a cloud of muscle and Lycra. She could have sworn that she heard "Mmmmm squishy..." but as she was trying to process what the blue blazes was going on, she could not be certain. As quickly as it started, it had stopped. She was released and grabbed the desk to avoid face planting on the floor. "It's okay, Bella," Alice spoke softly. "He greets everyone that way." "Um... Oookaaaay." Bella was annoyed that so far this gym experience was robbing her of her power of speech. "I'm... Um... I'm just gonna... gonna go now, I think... not sure this is right for me..." As she stepped back, she looked at the faces of the two strange people in front of her. Her heart sank as she saw the sad look on their faces. She immediately felt bad for offending them, but she had no idea how they could be related to the calm, collected and not-so-strange Dr Cullen. "Oh no, don't go little lady, please let me show you round before you decide to run away!" Bella looked at the giant man-mountain who was pouting and batting his eyelashes at her. "Please? Just let me show you what we have to offer and you can maybe meet the rest of the team, and then if you still don't think it's the right fit for you, you can go." Bella thought for a moment and then acquiesced. "On one condition—No. More. Hugs!" "Awwww, that's not fair! That's my standard greeting, little lady! Hugs are good, everybody needs hugs." "No more hugs or I walk right NOW!" "Okay," he huffed. "Pinky swear?" Bella held out her little finger. "Pinky swear," Emmett nodded and linked his mighty mitt with Bella's dainty hand. "You will be begging me for a hugs by the time we have finished, little lady! Just. Begging. Me!" "Pffft" was Bella's less than eloquent response. Emmett grinned, grabbed Bella's hand and dragged her away from the reception desk. "So Dad referred you, did he?" "Dad?" "Dr Papa C" "Oh, I thought he was your father-in-law..." "That's correct, he is, but I don't have any other family, so he is my dad." Bella felt awful for bringing it up and mumbled an apology. Emmett just laughed and squeezed her hand. "No apologies necessary little lady. You didn't know and it was a long time ago. It is what it is—Carlisle saved me in more ways than one and I really lucked out to find a second dad like him." Once more at a loss for words, Bella decided the safest course of action was to keep her mouth shut. It was the only way she could guarantee that she wouldn't stick her foot in there again! She nodded politely and 'Ooohed' and 'Ahhhed' in all the right places as Emmett gushed about his new weights room and the benefits of strength training for fat loss. After a whistle stop tour of the entire gym and its many, many Emmett-recommended attributes, he finally led her to his office. A statuesque blonde was perched on the end of Emmett's desk; Bella clutched her top a little tighter and pulled it down to cover her midriff. Intimidated by the runway model in front of her, Bella reckoned this gym would be like all the others. "Bella." She was snapped out of her ponderings by Emmett