Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: Yours, Off the Record Pairing: Edward / Bella Rating: M Word count: 10,913 Summary: Transplant Bella arrives in D.C. to work as an advice columnist, with mentor Edward Cullen, Big Shot investigative reporter and Asshole Extraordinaire. Can she survive in the city and manage not to tear her hair out? DISCLAIMER : Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Yours, Off the Record June 6, 2016 It's barely noon and I'm already second-guessing myself. This needs to stop. I'm here, after the big goodbye with my parents, who gave me sad Bambi eyes and vaguely threatening guilt trips. I could practically hear my mom's uterus crying in pain whereas mine is still jamming out to "Welcome to New York". Sidenote: there aren't really any great anthems about D.C., unless you're counting the National Anthem. Or maybe the opening theme to House of Cards . But I made it! My fun hobby turned livelihood for Off the Record , one of the fastest growing interactive news and media sites in the country. It's the Mark Zuckerberg to Buzzfeed's Eduardo Saverin, the Andrew Garfield to their Tobey Maguire, the Taylor Swift to their Kanye West. I checked it yesterday, and the two articles that popped up next to each other were, "The Absence of Disease-An Exploration of Epidemics and the Syrian Refugee Crisis" and "27 Times Grey's Anatomy Made You Bawl and Punch Your Pillow". My parents are so proud. The headquarters are scattered across four floors in a sixteen story building that's identical to its neighbors. Good news: it's the typical, bustling tableau of metropolitan life rife with possibilities. Bad news: A Chipotle just opened up on the first floor, and both my wallet and waistline are going to suffer as a result. People seem nice here; I met Tim, the IT guy this morning to go over security credentials, my laptop, and awkward small talk. He seems like a good guy, but I think he prefers being by himself, what with him avoiding eye-contact and bobbing his head rhythmically every time I opened my mouth. I almost reached out to hold his head still, but you know. Professional boundaries and all. Crap, the boss wants to meet me, and I've been sitting at my cubicle doodling in a journal for the past half hour. They can't fire me for doodling right? I mean, as far as he knows, I was working on my first article idea. Which I'll be doing. Because this journaling is more of an "every once in awhile" thing, even if Dr. Renner suggests I keep it up. Ok, he just did the universal head nod that politely means, "Get your ass in here.' June 8, 2016 So the metro's pretty cool. It certainly looks a lot cooler than the T. And I don't know why everyone's constantly complaining-there's a train every 3-4 minutes. Calm down, people. There's going to be a long-ass line at Starbucks no matter how early you get there. Jake, my boss and Entertainment editor, is one of the most energetic and peppiest guys I've ever met. That's got to be medically induced right? I'm thinking Prozac and Adderall. He's another nice guy who is kept occupied by a million other tasks, which is why I've been assigned a mentor. Enter Edward Cullen, who was nominated for a Pulitzer last month for his covering of the Syrian refugee crisis. Apparently, he's an investigative reporter, and a Big Fucking Deal. Jake practically had an orgasm when he discussed his portfolio, which is admittedly impressive. It's actually a bit intimidating, especially because his topics are politicized and heavy, with the goal to spread awareness and raise questions. I've been hired as an advice columnist for the confused masses in the D.C. metropolitan area, so I just want to offer my thoughts on how to deal with an ex-boyfriend or quarter-life crisis. Pictures of cute animals possibly included. Hey, there's scientific evidence that shows dopamine is released when we see puppies and kittens. And science doesn't lie. Welp. Time to meet the elusive Mr. Cullen. Maybe he'll be a nice guy too. June 10, 2016 NOPE. I can say unequivocally that Edward Cullen is one of the most arrogant jerks I've ever met. And I used to work with surgeons, for whom the term "God complex" was invented. I walked down two floors to get to his office, which was the biggest and window-iest office in the corner. Of course he gets the corner office. At this point, I was more than a little impressed and excited to work with someone who clearly has a lot to teach. Only here's the thing-he doesn't want to. He barely looked at me the entire time, fussing with the papers and pens on his desk instead. When I finally asked if he'd reviewed any of the writing I'd sent, he looked at me and sharply said, "Look, I'll be straight with you. I don't have time to teach a blogger how to write. I'm not here to hold your hand and guide you to journalistic success. You have two options-find another mentor who can, or figure it out yourself. Any questions?" ! My mouth gaped. Who the hell did this guy think he was? Just because he's a talented writer meant he could dismiss me or my work? Fuck you and your weird penny hair color. Sidenote: I think it's artificial but Edward Cullen doesn't strike me as the type to pick up a box of L'Oreal Intense Medium Auburn. So I calmly replied, "Yeah, just one. When did that stick up your ass first appear? Or is that something you were born with?" "Excuse me?" His tone was a clear dare, one that I gladly took him up on. "Oh, I don't think I need to repeat myself," I replied saccharinely. He sat back in his expensive leather chair and crossed his arms, which were disgustingly muscular, like the ones you see on Brawny/Mr. Clean products. Yeah, it's time to stop cleaning my apartment. "You majored in Biology, minored in English, and your only practical writing experience is through a blog." He emphasized "blog" the way Gordon Ramsay probably yells "McDonald's". So I explained that my silly little blog got over a quarter-million hits before I was offered this job. And then I thought, you know what? I'm not going to play the "whose dick is bigger" game with him. Although if the game is who's the bigger dick, then he'd win. "I don't need to prove myself to you; that's been done with the hiring managers and the editors who all vouched for me." I took a step closer, lowering my voice. "Look, if you don't want to do your job, that's fine. I'll figure it out." I resisted the urge to point two fingers at my eyes and then back at him. Because that only looks cool in sitcoms. His eyes narrowed, the bright green glowing with annoyance and something that looked almost like...wariness? The muscles on his forearms flexed, but I forced myself to hold his gaze. Why is an investigative reporter so muscular anyway? Isn't he supposed to be constantly swamped, jumping from one phone call to the next, and coping as a secret alcoholic? We both stood there for a few seconds that felt like agonizingly long minutes, until he blinked and shuffled the papers on his desk again. "Great, then you can show yourself out." His head bowed as if he was pretending I was no longer there. I can't tell if it's unfair someone who's this talented and good-looking has such a shitty personality, or if it's just the universe balancing him out. For whatever reason, I was disappointed by our meeting. I still am. I understand any reservations he might have had, but to be completely dismissed without even reading what I've written? Now that's a dick move. The Ron Jeremy of dick moves. So I said, "I'm sure no one's ever told you this before, so I'll be the first. You may be this amazing writer, but you're also a huge disappointment. As a mentor, co-worker, and person." He didn't even look up, and I walked out and went back up to my cubicle. Ugh I just noticed I wrote the word "window-iest". Apparently, Sullen Cullen also makes me a bad writer. Thank god we won't be seeing or talking to each other in the future. Good riddance. June 12, 2016 So I went out for the first time this weekend! Small, squirrel-like steps to meeting people and finding some friends. The thing is, I'm not sure if that's what happened last night? Four creepers had their eyes glued to my cleavage the entire two minutes of our conversations, and one girl kept excitedly punching me in the arm. She invited me to sign up at her kickboxing gym, which is...well, that made sense. I politely declined. Do you burn calories from being punched instead of the other way around? If so, then damn, last night was a great workout. It's weird-I was surrounded by people in the bar, all of whom were chatting and drinking and hanging out like it was a scene from How I Met Your Mother , but I just felt alone. I mean, do you just go up to someone and start talking? Is that weird? Do you try to eavesdrop and jump in at the first opportunity, like *lingers before suddenly dashing in* "OhhhHH! I know, that movie was ridiculously underrated, right guys? Right? Guys?" This is what happens when you go to college at 14. Your social skills are impaired for life. Womp womp. I think I'm going to cut this short before I pull the world's tiniest violin out and weep in the corner. Maybe I'll meet some people at work. Work friends are a thing, right? Help. June 14, 2016 So I found a great place to have lunch-this small, quiet room tucked in between the blue conference room and and a writer's office. One of the Health & Wellness reporters-Tanya something. I wonder if she's a super peppy, Fabletics-wearing type or more of a New Age, incense-burning yogi? Either way, I bet she has killer abs. I've been reading some of the original articles and content from Off the Record in an attempt to learn more and figure out where I fit. There's a lot of tongue-in-cheek humor and fun, which just makes serious articles like Cullen's even more misplaced. Or impressive? There's no doubt he's a great writer, Pulitzer nom or not, with the uncanny way he describes emotions that seem to bleed from every scene. I almost cried from reading one passage about a tree, when it was made clear that tree stood stubbornly among the burning chaos and refugee camps, a metaphor interwoven throughout the article. Based on the comments, he's pretty well-liked, and there were even a couple of comments over his appearance. The cream of the crop was, "I want to wrap my fingers around that Mufasa mane of yours and guide you to my holy land you scrumptious ginger you". Bwahahahahaha. God, I love the Internet sometimes. I'd pay money to see the look on his face if he ever saw that. Whoops, staff meeting time. Time to present my ideas. June 15, 2016 Another unsuccessful happy hour. I guess that's why people don't go out on Wednesdays? Real slim pickings there. There's another "new person/transplant" thing this weekend, so I'll have to check that out. Damn you, TV shows that build up unrealistic expectations of making friends in a new place. I'm looking at you, Friends. Oh, and being on a break does not excuse your fuck boy actions, Ross. #Bullshit #Semantics Ahem. The staff