Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: Three Little Words Pairing: Edward & Bella Rating: M Word count: 10,222 Summary: This time, Edward had to make them count- otherwise he would lose the girl forever. DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Three Little Words "Are you sure you want to do this?" My brother, Emmett, waved the offending piece of embossed velum in his hand. My stomach rolled once more at the sight of it. "I have to, Em, you know this." His hand clapped me on my back. "Just making sure." He gave me a knowing smile, one that only we understood. It was one of the many looks we had developed over the years. Not only were we brothers, we were twins. While I was older by seven minutes, you wouldn't know it by looking at us. We were polar opposites: He was big and bulky, I was lean and tall. His hair was fair and slightly curly, mine was more reddish and a riot of cowlicks that did what they want. His eyes were ice blue like our father's, while mine were green like our mom's. But I could trust him with my life and I knew he felt the same. I paused before I looked back up at him. "Do you think I'm doing the right thing?" He was the only person I could trust my fears with. "Am I too late? We've had our chances, so many of them over the years. I could be doing nothing more than making a fool out of myself." I ran my hands through my hair, resisting the urge to tug on the ends. Emmett's quiet snicker brought my focus back to the question at hand. "You'll always be a fool, bro." I rolled my eyes at his attempt at levity. Seeing that I wasn't laughing with him, he sobered up. "Think of it this way, can you let her go? Are you able to live your life, move on and have no regrets?" I paused at his question. I remembered how my stomach twisted into knots and I had to suppress the urge to vomit when Em told me the news. I couldn't sleep for days afterward. After one heavy night of drinking, Em told me to shit or get off the pot. Leaving to spill my guts was my response to Em's ultimatums. Taking my silence as all the answer he needed, he placed both his hands on my shoulders. Glancing up, I saw how serious he looked. "You may make a fool out of yourself, but in the end if you get what you want, will it be worth it? Is she worth it?" I shook my head no. "But what if I don't get what I want?" I hated how small my voice sounded. "Then you start figuring out how to move on with your life." "That would suck." Em's only response was to nod. Silently he handed me the keys to my car that were sitting on the table next to him. "Go get her, tiger." "I'll call when I stop." Without another word, I grabbed the duffel bag by the door and walked straight to my car. Hearing the purr of the engine soothed my frazzled nerves. Running my hand over the steering wheel I contemplated what I was going to do. "You won't let me down, right, girl?" The lack of response just had me shaking my head. With a deep breath, I backed out of the driveway and made my way to the freeway. Ready or not, here I come Chicago. As the miles flew beneath my tires, it was hard to keep my mind on the present. Taking into consideration where I was going and what I was planning on doing, it made sense that I was trying to figure out how I got to this point in my life. The first time I ever told Bella I loved her we were seven years old and in the first grade. We'd grown up together. Her parents moved in next door just months before she was born. Our mom, Esme, had her hands full with Em and I as we were just a few months old, but she formed a fast friendship with Bella's mom, Renee. After Bella was born, it was a common to see the three of us together. Both mom's had albums full of baby pictures of the three of us in playpens, the bathtub, at the park, and on the beach. By the time we made it to school, I was so used to having Bella around it was no big deal. So, we continued to play like we'd done every other day of our lives. It never seemed weird until a few boys in our first grade class made a big deal out of it. They started to sing about us sitting in a tree and kissing and it mortified Bella who had overheard. She ran away crying and so I did what I thought was right, I hit Mike, the kid closest to me, for making fun of Bella. I wanted to run after Bella, but Mike punched me back and one of the playground moms saw us fighting and we were hustled off to the principal's office. I had found out, from another friend, later that Bella was so upset she ended up puking and her mom took her home. Hearing that made me happy that I'd hit Mike, he made Bella sick. I couldn't talk to her face to face after school as mom had grounded me, but Bella and I had our own ways to talk. After my parents had kissed me goodnight, I waited until I heard them watching TV before I turned on our walkie-talkies. "Spiderman to Wonder Woman, are you there?" I waited, all huddled under my blankets, praying Bella would answer. It seemed like hours, but it was really just a few minutes when she replied. "Wonder Woman here." Her voice was soft and scratchy sounding and it made me sad. "Are you ok?" I had to know. She sighed and whispered, "Yeah. I guess." "You know Mike is just an idiot. I punched him ya know." "You did?" She asked. "Of course," I replied matter-of-factly. "He made you cry and no one does that to my friend." "Did you get in trouble?" I shook my head before I realized she wasn't there with me. "Not really. Principal Cope talked to me about not hitting and then I got grounded. But it was worth it, Bella." "Why?" she asked, her voice full of confusion. "Cuz I love you, Bella. And my mom says you protect those that you love." "You love me?" "Always, Bella." It never occurred to me that it would seem a bit weird to say that I loved Bella. I'd known her my whole life. She was my best friend, we did everything together. But that day, was the first time doubt creeped into my head. Mike thought it was gross that I had a girl as a friend. Was it gross? I just didn't know. The next morning I asked my mom if it was weird that Bella was my friend. "Of course not, Edward." "But Mike said it was. He said boys can't be friends with girls and if Bella was my friend, then she had to be my girlfriend." "Mike is wrong. You can have anyone has a friend. Bella is your friend because you grew up together. You've always known her. I think it's wonderful you guys are friends. Don't let jealous people like Mike make you doubt how you feel about Bella." She seemed so confident, that I couldn't help but believe her. But her words were prophetic, it wasn't just Mike I had to worry about. "How's the drive so far?" asked Em as I walked through the gas station. "Uneventful, thankfully. Boring. Nothing to see in Wisconsin." We both chuckled. I grabbed a water and a bottle of soda and made my way toward the snacks. "Well, remember you only get ten points for hitting a cheese head …" "… Fifteen if they're wearing the hat," I finished. It was an inside joke that started I on our first ever trip to Wisconsin Dells. Em and I were huge Vikings fans and felt it was wrong to travel into enemy territory. I appreciated Em's successful attempt at raising my spirits. "Thanks, bro." "Don't thank me yet. Mom knows what you're doing." I paused mid reach toward a bag of corn nuts. "Shit. And?" "I think she's pissed that you didn't tell her." I groaned. "When was I supposed to tell her that I loved Bella when I wasn't sure myself?" Em's laughter grated on my nerves. The scowl on my face as I threw my purchases on the counter made the cashier do a double take. "Not funny, Em," I hissed as I swiped my card. "It is! Moms pissed you didn't call to tell her you were headed to Chicago. She already knew you loved Bella. Hell, we all did!" WHAT? I was in the eighth grade when I first realized that I loved Bella. Not in a 'you're my best friend' way, but in a 'you're a girl and a beautiful one' way. One day it was like there was Bella, the best friend and the next she was Bella the brunette bombshell. I never realized how many curves she had and I wasn't alone in that knowledge. Mike, I-punched-him-once, Newton was all over Bella like white on rice and it was nauseating. When we were younger the only attention he'd given Bella was to tease her for her braces or the super tight perm her mom foisted on her. He was always an ass to her and now he was preening around her like a horny peacock. I can't count the number of times Em had to hold me back from decking him. "Remember that she hates him just as much as you do, maybe even more. She's not gonna fall for his stupid shit." While his sound logic pretty much calmed me down, there was still a little piece of me that worried she would. It turned out Emmett was right, I didn't have to worry about Mike, not after Bella decked him for slapping her ass. He, however, wasn't the only eighth grade male with eyeballs. Eric spent homeroom drooling over her. Austin would try to smell her hair in Algebra, and Ben stared at her ass so much in gym he'd routinely get hit with a basketball. It was maddening and confusing all at the same time. I didn't like these ass-hats looking at my friend that way. She was too good for them. But that also made wonder if she was too good for me. It was an insecurity that Emmett regularly picked at, whether he knew it or not. "Bella is hot, Eddie boy! She's got tits and a killer ass, while all you have is acne and squeaky voice." "Like you could land her if you tried!" I shot back at him trying hard not to punch him for looking at Bella's ass. His laughter made me even more furious. "Hell no! She's like my sister, hell, she's like both our sisters!" He gave me a pointed look. I could only blush and flip him the bird. However, his comment was the truth, for most of my life I saw Bella as a friend, a sister type girl I knew. Now that was all changing. She was beautiful on top of being able to keep up with me at the skate park. Her hair smelled like strawberries and she could still eat more chicken wings than me