Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: Elephant Shoes Pairing: Bella / Edward Rating: M Word count: 7,306 Summary: For fifteen years, they've danced around their mutual attraction, never wanting to cross that line until a class assignment provides the perfect opportunity to say those three magic words. DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Elephant Shoes "Edward!" Emmett bellowed from his seat on the living room couch, surrounded by several empty soda cans and half-filled bags of the primo –o's: Cheetos, Doritos, and Fritos. "Get yer ass out of the shower and come answer your phone!" Edward emerged from the back bedroom, one towel wrapped around his hips, another roughly scrubbing his hair dry. He paused when his eyes took in the devastation that was once his couch. "Dude!" he grumbled, pointing at the layer of orange dust surrounding Emmett. "Really? Look at this mess!" "I'll vac it up. You'll never know it was…" "Trashed?" While Edward silently thanked Esme for insisting on the Scotchguard upgrade when he purchased the set, he wondered what had possessed him to room with the lug once they graduated. Four years in a dorm should have taught him something. Emmett may have played college sports, but during the off season, his nutrition was hideous, and he wasn't the neatest of eaters. Fate had arranged for the two to be roommates freshman year at the University of Washington and they'd become quick friends. But even now, over four years later, Edward's slightly Type-A personality could not fathom Emmett's 'I'll make a mess then clean it up' mentality. He was more of a clean as you go kind of man. Days like today made him feel they were more like Oscar and Felix than Edward and Emmett. And then, on other days, they were perfect together. Emmett was the best friend anyone could ever hope for. He was loyal, friendly, and intimidating as hell if things got rough. Edward took a deep breath and slowly released it. "What were you yelling about?" Edward finally asked, choosing not to pick this battle for a fight. Shoving another chip in his mouth, Emmett pointed to Edward's phone, which now displayed seven missed calls from Elephant Shoes, before he motioned for his roommate to move out of his line of view for the television. Game Show Network was running a 'Press Your Luck' marathon, after all. With a muttered shit , Edward picked up the phone and hurriedly headed back to his bedroom for privacy. She never called that frequently unless it was an emergency. "And who the hell is 'Elephant Shoes'?" Emmett called, downing the final dregs of his latest drink. A rather impressive belch bubbled up as the punctuation to the question. Edward froze. He was going to kill Alice for changing Bella's contact information in his phone. How many years have you been pining away for her? And don't think I don't know what you're saying when you call her 'Elephant Shoes.' God! You are so obvious at times. Tell her! Really for real tell her! Edward had insisted his nickname was a joke referring to the story of when they first met, but he could tell his sister never believed him. She was far too cagey for his liking. Lately, he had taken to ignoring Alice in the hopes that she would give up. But Alice Cullen was a tenacious little sister, and she loved Bella as if she were blood. Actually, there were times Edward wondered if Alice cared more for Bella than him. He knew it was only a matter of time before she burst and revealed how he felt about her best friend. He would not be surprised if she had not already started to plan their wedding. Not that that would ever happen. "Just Alice being funny," he finally said, hoping Emmett would not know he lied as he continued on his way. Edward didn't hear the scoff or see the shaking head as Emmett muttered something about the Nile River, which was odd since he was an engineer, not a geography major. Once the bedroom door was securely closed behind him and he was seated on the edge of his crisply made bed, Edward called Bella. She picked up on the first ring. "Oh, I am so glad I caught you!" Edward was used to no greetings from his friend and smiled at how happy she seemed to be to hear from him. He was pleased to hear from her as well. "Alice and Rose are ditching me this weekend. There's some club they want to go to in Vancouver, and a band playing, and I'm not interested in fifth wheeling it, and I don't have a car and…" Bella paused for a breath. "Calm down, Bella. You're confusing me with the blitzkrieg of information. Alice and Rose… "And their boyfriends." "And Jasper and Emmett…" "Right. Are going to Vancouver for the weekend." That explained the duffel bag in the hallway next to the front door. He had nearly tripped over it when he came home from work. "And you don't want to be a fifth wheel. Don't blame you." He roomed with Emmett and knew how he behaved in public with Rose, much less private—the walls weren't that thick. The brief thought of why he hadn't been invited to even out the grouping floated through his head, but he figured it was some band he had no interest in and let it slide. "So what's the problem?" He reached for a glass of water and took a quick swig. "I've got this killer class project due, and I need help with it and…" Bella's voice trailed off as if she were gathering the courage to ask for a favor. "And?" "Okay. Here's the thing." Edward heard the squeak of bedsprings and then the clump of two shoes hitting the floor. He could imagine his sister's best friend and roommate getting comfortable on her bed and kicking back. He enjoyed the relationship they had and the relaxed feeling the two enjoyed with each other. Not every friendship was able to skip the awkward getting to know you stage. "I have to do this video presentation for Kid Lit. I picked a story that holds special memories from my childhood, and I have to present it as if I'm doing a story time." "Got it." "Tanya videoed me the first time, but I'm not sure it's worth anything. She kept getting calls from Laurent , her latest boy toy. Low rent is more like it. Dodgy fellow. Always calls from a different number. Not that I'm judging. Well, yeah. I am. I'm judging hardcore. He's creepy as eff. Anyway, I may have to redo the entire thing. Anyhow, as you know, I can't video edit for shit, either." Edward grinned at her not so internal commentary. He was used to her oversharing what was going on in her mind. It was one of Bella's best qualities. Edward never had to worry what was going on with her. She just told him. Suddenly, her call made perfect sense. Edward had finished his degree in advertising and marketing just this past spring, and he had the know-how she needed. "I know it's the weekend, and you've probably got a date or plans or something…" Bella continued before her voice trailed off. "No," he said quickly before collecting himself. "No plans at all. Nope. Was just going to catch up on a few things here at the apartment." He hadn't had a date in several months, and to be honest, he was quite all right with that. He had recently graduated, found a good, entry-level job, and did not have time to socialize. At least that is what he kept telling himself. A few of his closest friends *cough, Emmett, Jasper, Alice, Rose, cough* encouraged him to open his effin' eyes , but he never could figure out just what they were saying. Why would he keep looking when the almost perfect woman was talking with him on the phone right now? And the icing on the cake was she no clue as to how he felt about her. "I'll pay you." "Bella." His voiced dropped as he dragged out her name. She knew better, but she wouldn't be Bella if she didn't make the offer. "I don't want a freebie, Edward. I know your time and talent cost something." "I'm happy to help you." "But…" "Okay. How about this. I help you in exchange for a home-cooked meal." He could almost hear her smile. She knew he rarely took the time to cook and when he did, Emmett usually ate any and all leftovers. That is, if the dish even made it to the table. And Bella loved to cook. She often earned extra spending money by preparing freezer meals for her friends or by supplying party snacks for tailgates and the like. Growing up in a single-parent household had taught her frugality, which she passed on to her classmates, and they greatly appreciated her sharing the cost savings. "I'll make you lasagna in exchange." "Throw in garlic bread, and it'll be perfect." He smiled as she paused, knowing she was creating a list of ingredients she would need. "I'll be up and moving around by nine if you want to come by then." A quick rap on the door and Emmett stuck his head in. "I'm going now," he said with a grin. "Just an FYI…Bella's staying in town as well." Emmett waggled his eyebrows suggestively. Edward rolled his eyes. There was no way he was going to tell her how he felt much less act upon it. He valued their friendship and her relationship with Alice too much. Alice would have his balls in her designer purse just for thinking about Bella that way. Not that he had. Nope. Never happened. " How the hell did you get me roped into this?" Bella stage whispered to Alice as she held a red Solo cup filled with liquid of a dubious nature that had been pressed into her hand by the host, Mike Newton. She swore she saw it bubble ominously as it was ladled out. Maybe the smoky skull and crossbones above her cup was a figment of her overactive imagination but not a drop of that was going to pass her lips, no way, no how. The stereotypical, high school senior's parents-are-away-let's-raid-their-liquor-cabinet-party was in full force, and Bella grew more uncomfortable by the minute. She was the chief of police's daughter, for goodness sake. She knew better than to put herself in this situation, but Alice had sworn she would go alone if Bella didn't accompany her. She could not let her friend do that and had come along. Damn pixie had a crush on Garrett, a senior classmate with rugged good looks, and when he had mentioned the party in passing, she decided to gatecrash, even going so far as to obtain a ride with Mike's girlfriend. How they would get home would be determined later, but Alice was confident she and Garrett would hook up, he'd fall head over heels with her, and they'd start dating immediately. Alice had found Garrett, all right. Just as the two walked through the door, he came out of the hall closet with a huge grin on his face and his arm wrapped around the quarterback. " I am so sorry, B!" Alice apologized, pulling her phone out of her bra and texting frantically. "Okay, okay, okay." Bella was instantly leery. Whenever Alice said things in threes, she was hiding something. " Edward and his hall mate will be here in ten minutes." " Edward?" Bella squeaked, looking down at her outfit, a very obviously Alice-influenced pair of jeans, boots,