Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: luv Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Word count: 8,197 Summary: 1. a profoundly tender, passionate affection for another person. 2. a feeling of warm personal attachment or deep affection. 3. the feelings I have for you. DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. luv ... Walking to school never gets easier. Rain or shine, my hair always looks like it's been blown to hell and back by the time I make it through the doors. Today's no different. Shaking out my umbrella, I try to calm the frizz, leaving a trail of raindrops down the hallway. Normally I've got a handy scrunchy tying up my oversized shirt in the front, but today I'm wearing my favorite pair of overalls, one strap unclipped, and a thin red sweater tucked neatly underneath. My sneakers squeak and squish. I cringe from the feeling of my wet slouch socks as well as the familiar pair of worn converse and platform Mary Janes that come into view. Looking up, I find what I always find every morning. Masen Edwards and Tonya Sanders making out against my locker. Rolling my eyes, I lean all my weight onto one foot and clear my throat. It's not enough that these two are pretty and seemingly perfect in every way. Her with her blonde hair and blue eyes. Him with his burnt brown hair and green eyes. They clash but they don't. They don't work but they do. Whatever. They're the sweethearts of the class of '97. Have been together since before I started high school. Cliché or not, they rule over this place. Over everything, really. But not me, just my personal space. "Oh. Hi, Bella." Tonya giggles after she finally breaks the suction on Masen's face. I give her a tight smile. "Hey." She giggles some more into the big T on Masen's letterman jacket. I give him an unamused look, and he lightly pushes her away with a smile all his own. "Sorry, Swan. We still on after school?" he asks, like I haven't been tutoring him the same two days out of the week for the better half of the school year. It's rewarding to see he remains a lost cause after all this time. I'm pretty sure all he knows how to do is kiss—I'm assuming, of course—and throw a football. "It is Monday." He nods. "Cool." I give him a look as if to say yeah, it is, now move out of my way . He wraps an arm around Tonya's shoulders and leads her down the hall, leaving me with no time to grab my books before the bell rings. When I finally make it to first period, I have to bust up the PDA posse once again. This time I don't even bother with the niceties. I break their hands apart with my thigh on my way to the back of the classroom, where I plop down beside Angela, my quite chaste, somewhat best friend. She's a breath of fresh air. "Degrading, isn't it?" She doesn't bother lowering her voice as she eyeballs Masen and Tonya's re-conjoined hands. "The way they paw all over each other? All day. Everywhere." She shakes her head in disgust. "It's a travesty on the public school system." It's no secret how Angela feels on the subject of premarital sex and the like. Hand holding is the devil's hug. Or so her mother always tells us. She doesn't condone such actions. My mother, on the other hand, always encourages them. Needless to say, Angela's mom has no idea we still hang out anymore. And by hang out, I mean we sometimes talk to each other in class or on the phone or in the hallway. Mrs. Collins snaps her fingers to get the attention of the class. I turn to the assigned page and try to read along without glancing up toward the front. Not that I care, but the hand holding is a bit distracting. Just how their fingers tangle. And the way Tonya's thumb runs back and forth over Masen's. Before I know it, Angela's shaking my shoulder to let me know class is over, and I've missed the entire lesson worrying over something I don't even care about. By the time lunch rolls around, my arms are killing me from carrying my books all day and I'm seriously considering changing my last name to Dwyer, my stepfather's last name, just so I can move lockers. "Why are you lugging all your books around?" Jake asks as I drop them on the table and sink into the seat beside him. He's channeling Kurt Cobain today, with his bleached hair and ripped jeans. At least he's given up on the skids. "Don't ask." "Okay." He easily drops the subject by shoving a piece of his pizza in his mouth and offers me a bite as he chews. I brush him off with a disgusted look and wave of my hand, looking in the opposite direction and directly into a pair of curious green eyes. Surrounded by his friends, Masen motions between me and Jake as if to ask if we're together. I scrunch up my face then look back over at Jake and the greasy string of cheese plastered to his chin. My stomach rolls. Not because Jake is bad looking. He's cute in his own way with his previously dark hair and equally dark eyes. In ten years he'll be the epitome of tall, dark, and handsome as long as he ditches the heavy highlights. But right now, he's just a freshman. A little too short and a lot too pudgy from the baby fat. Oh, and pizza. I resist turning back to feed into Masen's teasing. He knows I don't have a boyfriend. Never have. And I damn myself every day for ever telling him that. Jake hands me his apple, and I take a big bite, ignoring the fact that I can still feel Masen's eyes on the side of my face. When lunch ends, Jake offers to take the books I don't need back to my locker. I let him, happy to not have to lug around the extra weight the rest of the day. It goes by quickly, finally wrapping up with a painfully shameful game of dodgeball in P. E. By the time I meet up with Masen in the library, my long, frizzed-out brown hair's in a ponytail, courtesy of the yellow scrunchy Jessica Stanley left behind. I'm sweating bullets and remind myself not to try so hard next time. Masen quietly watches me set up for our session. I can feel his eyes on me like I did in the lunchroom. I do a quick shoulder swipe on the side of my face, suddenly very self-conscious of how I must look. Red sweater and a yellow scrunchy. Probably like I've been sweating over the grill at McDonald's or something. After a couple hand sweeps and a discreet booger check, I glance over to find him staring at the top of my head. "What?" I ask. "I like your hair better down." I stop what I'm doing, ready to ask if taking my hair down is another one of his conditions for his cooperation. But I don't say anything. Instead turn back to situating my papers. He shifts in his seat. "You wanna go someplace else and do this?" "What's wrong with this place?" We always study here and he's never had a problem with it before. "Nothing. It's just not very comfortable. My ass falls asleep before I do." I see him wiggle around in his chair out of the corner of my eye. "Where do you suggest we go?" "I don't know. Your house, maybe?" "You want to go to my house?" I ask, looking over at him again. I rest my sweaty palms on the table. "Why?" "Why not?" He shrugs and leans back in his chair, teetering on the hind legs, all cool and collected. Probably not sweating at all. All the why-nots run through my head, but I don't say them aloud. They heat my insides and I douse them with a dose of reality. Not to mention, my dad would kill me. "I could give you a ride home, for one. You wouldn't have to walk in the rain." "How do you know I walk?" "Don't you?" "Well, yeah. But—" "So, you want to walk home in the rain?" "No. But—" "Then it's settled. We study in your room and you don't get wet. From the rain," he adds with a slightly embarrassed smile on his face. Before I have time to argue, he's collected all my books and is heading for the parking lot. I have no choice but to follow. Masen surprises me by being a total gentleman, opening up my door before dumping my books in the backseat. I climb into a leather-covered cloud of his cologne. I've smelled it before but never at this capacity. It does things to my belly that are next to impossible to ignore. But I try my hardest. "What kind of car is this?" I ask when he climbs in beside me, forcing more of his annoyingly pleasant scent up my nose. "Gremlin. Got it from my dad. We rebuilt the engine together." He turns the ignition and it turns over a couple times before finally starting. He returns my amusement with a look to shut up and I hold in a laugh, grabbing hold of the door handle when the car jerks to life. It's a less than five-minute ride to my house but it feels like forever sitting next to the star quarterback in complete silence. We're friendly, but we're not exactly friends. I doubt he knew I even existed before being forced into an empty library with me on a biweekly basis. Before I can tell him which house is mine, he's pulling in my driveway. "Don't read too much into it. Everyone knows where Chief Swan lives," he tells me before getting out and collecting the books from the back. I hadn't read too much into it until he pointed it out. Now I can't stop reading too much into it. Huffing at my own internal rambling, I rush up the stairs and unlock the door, leaving it open for him to run in behind me. I lock the deadbolt like Charlie always tells me to. "My room's upstairs," I say, leading a boy up the stairs like Charlie always tells me not to. My stomach is in knots as soon as he walks through my bedroom door and throws down the books. They send a wave rippling across the bed. "You got a waterbed? Nice." He jumps up on it beside the books and lies back. Closing his eyes, he stretches his arms behind his head. "Make yourself comfortable," I say, feeling all but. How can I when Masen Edwards' scent is lingering in my nose and his entire body has taken over my bed? Masen peeks at me out of one eye. "Thank you, I will. Now, why don't you, and we can get started?" I look around the room before deciding the beanbag in the far corner is the safest spot. "No, up here." Masen stops me, insisting I lounge with him on my bed. "I have the books. How are we gonna study with you all the way over there?" At a loss and needing him to get out before my dad gets home, I climb up on the other side of the bed and start gathering the books. Masen stops me again by grabbing my wrist. "Not so fast. You owe me something first." He lets go but my wrist still tingles. "Now, lay back. Like this."