Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: Getting Back Our Love Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 11,686 Summary: A stupid lie broke us apart, but love can't be defeated that easily. We're going to get it back, come what may DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephanie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited, to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Getting Back Our Love Standing in front of the Cullen home, six years after I was last here, I smoothed my knee-length skirt and brushed down my hair several times with my free hand, while balancing the tray of cookies and brownies in the other, before I gathered the courage to ring the bell. Years of meditation didn't help with the level of anxiety. I was feeling nervous as hell to be around this amazing family I'd ran from before I left for college. During all this time I kept telling myself that it wasn't my fault or theirs's, but there was a small part of me that was overcome with regret and guilt about losing contact with them, especially Alice. She really tried keeping our friendship intact, and I ruined it. College life overtook everything else. I made myself so busy I barely had time for holidays, parties or relationships. Now that I was finished and coming back for Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year's, I forced myself out of my comfort zone and contacted Alice. Her whole family got together every year without exception, so I knew they'd be home the week leading up to Thanksgiving. For some reason, she knew I was in town and was very excited when I called. The problem was that it took me some time to convince myself once I was back in my parent's home, so here I was, Thanksgiving night, knocking on the Cullen's door. What greeted me, or rather, who greeted me wasn't who I was expecting. A young girl with dark hair in a braid to the side of her beautiful face and green eyes opened the door. "Hello?" the girl said, confused. Then I heard the one person I was terrified of encountering coming up to where I was standing silently. "Hey princess, who's at the d—" He stopped beside the girl, putting his hand on her shoulder and looking right at me with wide eyes, probably the same expression I was wearing. Edward Cullen was in front of me and he looked almost exactly like the boy I fell in love with years ago, except he was a grown-up now. He had a nice trimmed beard which looked as soft as his tousled hair did, and I noticed he still wore glasses, but instead of making him look like a nerd, the dark rim made his beautiful green eyes and dark lashes pop all the more. Also, he was no longer the skinny, tall kid the jocks used to pick at. He was still tall, but he'd filled out with lean muscles, accentuated by a gray Henley shirt. My heart started racing when I looked back at the girl next to him and noticed how much they looked alike. Could she be…? Was he…? While I'd prepared for the chance of seeing him again, I hadn't thought before about how much his life could have changed, and with whom. This realization floored me. How could I have been so stupid? Looking like that, of course he wasn't single! But this girl couldn't be younger than six or seven. How…? Before my head could go deep into dangerous thoughts in the seconds we were still standing there not saying anything, Alice appeared at the other side of the girl. "Oh, good, you're here!" she exclaimed, smiling. She fully opened the door and gestured in with her hand. "Come on in!" I noticed the look Edward gave her, between confused and betrayed. It was pretty clear he didn't know I'd be visiting and because of that I felt upset with Alice as well. She always liked to be mischievous, but this wasn't very funny for Edward and me. There was too much history between us, and him being blindsided by my presence after years of little to no contact, and after our last conversation before I left, might not have helped us to get along now. As much privacy as the Cullen's modern house conveyed from the outside, past the foyer everything else on the first floor had an open space concept. When the front door closed behind me, I could hear laughter coming from the living room to the right, where the rest of the family was seated around a coffee table. I could feel Edward's eyes on me as Alice asked to take my coat before she passed it on to him. "Hang it, would you, please?" Alice took the opportunity while he turned around to the hangers behind him to take my hand and pull me inside. I offered her my treats, and she took off to the kitchen on our left to set them on plates for us to have. Everything looked smaller than I remembered, and also a bit different. Some things had been moved and/or replaced, there were new decorations and photos around, but I'd always loved this house during the holidays and, for a moment, a sense of nostalgia overwhelmed me. I took a few deep breaths as I approached the living room area. Emmett, Edward and Alice's brother, was the first to see me and rise from his seat to envelop me in a hug. He was four years older than me, but he'd always been a big goof. Next to him was Rosalie Hale, his stunning girlfriend, who I noticed was heavily pregnant. "Look who's here!" Emmett exclaimed. "Long time no see, sis." He'd loved referring to me as his sister, especially when I started dating Edward. With so many happy memories rushing in, I smiled at him. "Hey, Em…Rose," I said and gestured to her big belly. "I see the family's still growing." Suddenly, it clicked. The girl at the door had to be Bree, Emmett and Rosalie's first daughter. Rose's pregnancy right out of college had shaken their families at the time when Edward and I were starting out, and we had to endure long and painful sex talks from both our parents. Rose's religious and conservative parents didn't take it well and she lost them as a result, but Carlisle and Esme Cullen were caring and supportive, so they took Rosalie in and helped Emmett care for her. I still remembered babysitting with Alice and Edward during some nights Bree's parents and grandparents needed a break. She must have been around two when I left, and I'd missed her. She'd always been such a beautiful, happy baby. "We got married when Bree was three and we'd been trying for a while to have another baby," Rosalie explained with a smile. "It took us long enough." I smiled back and turned around to look at Bree only to make contact with her curious eyes. "Bella, welcome back, honey." I heard a gentle voice I'd recognize anywhere. Quickly after turning back around I was in another hug, this time by Esme. After her, I hugged Carlisle before a nice-looking blond man rose from one of the couches, offering me his hand. "Hello, I'm Jasper," he said as Alice rushed past us to set my brownies and cookies on the table and stand beside him. "I'm Bella," I said while shaking his hand. "It's nice to meet you." "Jasper's my fiancé," Alice said with her arm around his. I noticed her sparkly ring contrasted with his dark sweater and said, "Oh, congratulations!" After a few other awkward moments, we settled down in the couches and chairs around the coffee table. Surprisingly, Bree sat next to me, offering me a smile, and Esme sat to my other side. The rest took their seats around, leaving Edward in front of Bree and me. I still couldn't make eye contact with him, even after having relaxed a bit. Emmett didn't lose time digging for the brownies. "Oh, mah gahd, these're so fuffing goo," he said with his mouth full. Bree chuckled saying, "Daddy, you need to add two dollars to the swear jar, even if we couldn't understand you," making the rest of us laugh at Emmett and him to look a bit sheepish, in turn. Looking up, I saw the tail end of Edward's laughter and the beautiful tender look he gave his niece. She'd always had had him wrapped around her little finger; it was adorable. Right as he moved his eyes to me, Esme put her hand on my leg to get my attention and said, "Bella, we didn't ask, do you want something to drink? Coffee, tea, hot chocolate…?" "Um…Yes, some tea would be fine," I answered. "Edward, would you be a dear and bring some tea for Bella and a plate to serve some pie, please?" She asked him. He was up before she could finish. "Sure, Ma." I didn't miss the look of satisfaction on Esme's face or the mix of amused expressions and smiles on the rest of the family's. Alice turned to Rose and started a conversation about flower arrangements, taking the attention away from Edward and me. He didn't take long to come back and set a mug with a small cover on it in front of me as well as the plate where he proceeded to serve me a piece of Esme's pumpkin pie. His face was so close to mine when he did that I could smell his scent, all male and spicy, very different from what I remembered. As a teenager, he'd liked to use AXE, which I disliked at first but grew to appreciate. It seemed that his deodorant and cologne taste had matured with him. "Thank you," I said quietly. "Thank you, honey," Esme said as he took his seat. "You're both welcome," he responded with a small smile before grabbing a piece of brownie and taking a bite. I might have stared a little. "This is really good." "Thanks," I said. "I had to bring something, and I knew Esme's pies are the best around the holidays, but then I remembered brownies, and that—" "They're my favorite," Edward finished, almost unconsciously, or at least that's what I thought. I saw a hint of red at the tip of his ears as he continued to inhale the dessert. I gave him a small nod before taking a sip of my tea. He'd put a lemon wedge in it and the right amount of honey. My heart started pounding when I realized he remembered how I liked my tea. It also made me confused. "They're my favorite too," Emmett said and winked at me. "Now." "So, Bella, how are you these days?" Carlisle asked. "I ran into Charlie last week, said you've finished your Masters degree." "Yeah, I'm officially done with school," I said. "Or at least for now. I've been offered a teaching assistant position in Seattle." "Oh, Bella!" Alice exclaimed, grabbing Jasper's hand. "We live in Seattle!" I smiled at her. "I'm still considering it," I said. "After so many academic years I think I want a change of scenery for a bit." I received some understanding nods and also some disappointment in Alice's expression. "But I do want to settle in the Pacific Northwest because I love it here," I tried placating. "I'm also open to Canada, but we'll see." "You still have some time to figure it out during the holidays, right?" Esme said. "Are you staying until…?" "Past New Year's, for sure," I responded. "I want to spend as much time with my parents as possible before moving out again." "That's sweet." Esme put her arm around me, squeezing a little. I'd missed her too. "You