Contest entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest Title: The Sunflower Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Word count: 7,513 Summary: A modest, five-dollar sunflower opened the floodgates to Edward's fate and future. A simple act of kindness rewarded him his brunette due. DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material are copyrighted to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. The Sunflower When Edward Cullen left his house for the day, he knew what he wanted to do but had no idea he would be changed forever. This is an E and B story, please be patient. A Week Before … the big day! I awake to a beautiful sunny, Sunday morning with birds chirping, bands from the sun's rays dancing through the slats of the verticals, and the smell of fresh-brewed coffee filling my air space; my elixir of cocoa gold is the one that feeds my senses. I feel positive. If it's an indication to good luck, then I will have the stars on my side. I lazily stretch my arms over my head and yawn. It's the one day I can sleep in and not force myself to write. Yeah, being a writer, I'm my own kind of OCD and follow a daily schedule of the written word. My publisher has me on a book-a-year plan, and should I push myself ahead, she ups me to two. With that kind of unforgiving routine, my time is not my own, to say the least. My series is that of adventure, hero books for the everyday man. My guy is knee-deep in espionage all over the world, has the strength of ten men and gets the girl in every chapter. He's soft-spoken, wears jeans and T-shirts and has a passion for good food and wine. Like Clark Kent, his average identity is hidden and humble. John Jason Clay is a man of honor, loyalty, and simple means. He inhabits my every waking thought and sleeping dream. J.J.C. has me on the bestseller list for the past six years. I look down at my stiff, morning cock and sigh. "Sorry, fella, no time for you." After ten minutes of gulping down some coffee, popping my vitamins, and finding my running shoes, I meet Tanya at the park. She stretches in place all decked out in a hot pink, tank top overflowing with her fake double D's, and very skimpy, black track shorts showing her long, tanned legs and heart-shaped ass. Every man who feasts their eyes upon her, wants her, but once they get to know her, they run in the other direction. She's high maintenance and always wants more. She's a fast-pace, criminal attorney and part-time stockbroker with two real estate businesses and she manages my portfolio. She drives a pale blue Lamborghini Countach that matches her eyes and costs a fortune. She pays over two-hundred dollars for a haircut. Her stylist is 'to die for,' and every body part is fake. She does speak five languages, has a photographic memory, and is fiercely independent. She needs no one. Well, I think she needs me, I'm her only friend. I think she scares everyone else away. But I know her heart, and it is in the right place. Me, on the other hand, am alone and I hate it. I want that forever with the house and white, picket fence, two point five kids, maybe a dog and a pool. Without a word, we begin a safe trot down an exercise path, and I apologize for my tardiness. "I really don't know what got into me. I was up at sixty-thirty, but vegged out in bed." "Were you lost in thought about your latest book?" She pulls her platinum, blonde hair into a ponytail and adjusts her bra with a smirk on her face. "What has J.J.C. done now?" "I think he's going to quit." She stops with her hands on her hips, her long, hot pink talons fan over her sides, and she gives me a stern frown. "Why would you do that?" "I want to write something else," I casually say. She points a long finger at me waving it in my face. "Edward, you have six, successful books with four movies that awarded you three Oscars for writing and adaptations," she admonishes and raises her voice to a shrill whine. "Have you lost your mind?" I shout, "And I have had no time for me, Tan. I need to do something different. My publisher is chewing at the bit for the new book, and I only have three chapters completed. I'm tapped out, dried up, and lost my mojo." My chest heaves grasping for air. "I'm tired." I run down the path while Tanya catches up. "Oh, boo hoo." We continue the run in silence until we stop at the fork in the path that where we usually part separate ways. Tanya apologizes, "I'm sorry I yelled at you, Edward." "No, it's fine. I surprised you." "Please, give your decision more thought. J.J.C. is your gold mine. If you want to write something else, then write another book, but don't bite your nose off to spite your face. That's legal advice you need to follow." She pats my cheek. "Yes, and I know what you charge by the hour. But my contract is still open for this last book, then I can choose to do something else," I defend. "Just think about it. I'm on your side, Edward, and will advise you for your benefit." "I know, Tan. I just need a break. It's as though I'm sleeping with the wrong partner." She smirks. "You have no sleeping partner." I huff, "And that's what I'm saying, Tan." She snaps, "I know. I know. All work and no play. You are worn out. Just don't be hasty. I roll my eyes. "I'll think about it." She pats my cheek. "Good boy. So, I'll see you Wednesday." "Of course, you want to try that new restaurant …" She interrupts, "Yes, Français Sur Le Feu." I laugh, "French on Fire?" "They have a waiting list, Edward." "Well, we don't have to wait. I have reservations for eight," I proudly announce with a smirk. "That's because of John Jason Clay," she harps. I kiss her on the cheek. "See you Wednesday." I start to run. Tanya calls out, "Think about it." I don't turn and keep running. "Okay." ~ TS ~ The next few days I settle in front of my laptop and complete three more chapters. Nothing feels right. I'm claustrophobic, feeling the walls close in on me. I decide to hit the gym to release some tension. My condo has a great facility with all the amenities. I pass the concierge desk, and Malcolm informs me that the trainer is in the gym. Walking into the weight room, I see Jake at the far end. We nod at one another, and I turn the corner for the punching bag. I sigh with relief that no one is there. Just as I finish wrapping my wrists, I see Jake grabbing one of my gloves. "Need some help?" "Yeah, thanks, Jake." "How's the book coming?" he asks while tying up the glove. "It's coming." I drone. "You don't sound too convincing, man." "I feel like I'm forcing it." I sigh. "Anything bothering you? You know, you can talk to me, I won't tell anyone," he offers while lacing the other. I shake my head. "I'm tired of being alone." He nods. "Then, you need to get out there and find someone." "It's not as easy as that sounds." "It's what you make of it, Edward. What about Tanya?" He playful shoves my shoulder. "I've seen her leave your place at all hours of the day and night." "We're friends." He chuckles. "With benefits?" I frown. "God, no. I've known her for years. She's my polar opposite." "You protest too easily," he snaps. "She's beautiful." "She knows it." "She's very successful." "She knows it and works harder for more." "She likes you." "As a friend." "That's a start, Edward. You like her?" "Yeah, we've been friends since we were little kids. Our moms are best friends." "Ah, see? An 'in' with the family. What else do you need?" "I need it all. I want to look at her and see a future." "Why can't you have a future with Tanya?" "Because we're opposites, Jake. She doesn't like anything I like and vice versa." "Maybe you need to try," he pleads. "You're barking up the wrong tree, man. Tanya likes power and is ambitious." "You're a well-known author. You don't think you have power? Maybe she feels something and is afraid to tell you." I huff. "Jake, you're wrong there. She's not afraid of anything or anyone. Besides, if Tanya wants something she goes after it with force." "Okay, but she's there," he says, holding the bag. I send a right cross and Jake lands on his ass. I shrug. "Sorry." ~ TS ~ I leave the gym feeling loose and at ease, but once I'm in the shower, my cock springs to attention. I try to ignore it, but it has a mind of its own, and it painfully hardens. At first, I scrub my body, wash away my sweat and soothe my aching muscles. But I can't will the beast down. Soaping up my hands, I slowly move one down my length. I close my eyes allowing the water to run over me. Squeezing harder, I hasten my strokes, feeling my heart race as a blind sensation overtake my senses. I place my other hand above the tile and lean forward. I image small, female hands with a strong touch. She kneels before me and deep-throats my shaft. I can literally hear her hums of delight with the slapping sounds of skin on skin. My swollen cock tightens exploding through my orgasm, filling her sweet mouth. I look at this beauty on her knees as her large, dark, coffee-colored eyes look directly into mine. I startle and stare. Standing straight, I open my eyes and look around in confusion. Where did she go? Weird. After drying off and dressing, I decide to make a sandwich and go into my office to overlook the three, recently written chapters. Overtaken by my words, I almost choke on the sandwich. John settles himself next to the petite brunette curled under the blankets. Her coffee-colored hair fans over the pillows cascading in bountiful waves of soft, heavenly strands. He runs his fingers through a curl and smooths his hand down her curves pushing the blanket to the side revealing her deliciously pale skin. Her dark eyes slowly open with a small grin on her ruby lips. "What took you so long, John?" She outstretches her arms while John cozies himself in her embrace. "The fuck did I write?" I whisper. Her body is warm to the touch. John slides a leg between hers. "Are you warming up my bed, Lara?" She deviously smiles. "More like heating it up, John." She giggles. John turns her onto her back, kissing down her neck and squeezing her breasts as his body leans over her. "I'm going to make a feast of you. Spread your legs." She obeys as John dips his hungry tongue between her readied slit. "Her readied slit. Where the fuck did that come from? Christ, this reads like a romance novel." I complain. Her deep moans push John on as he flattens his tongue and drags it up and over her clit. Her legs rub against his ears thrusting him further into her. She claws at his shoulders, wanting more, which John readily gives. "Readily gives?" I repeat in disgust. " Oh, John, don't stop. I'm almost there," she cries out, pulling his hair. I read this with a high-pitched voice. John continues his ministrations