Title: Shifting Tides: A tale of healing by the sea Rating: T Disclaimer: I own nothing, I'm just an insomniac who writes. Extended Summary: Bill Weasley, and the rest of the Order, really had no inkling of what to expect when the escapees of Malfoy Manor suddenly started appearing at Shell Cottage. Told mainly from the viewpoints of various Weasley siblings as we explore what it means to handle missions for the Order, bring laughter to dark times, how hard healing can be and how far friends and family are willing to go to try anyway. Oh, and why it takes more than one person to win a war. Expect to hear about all sorts of Weasley sibling adventures! Warnings: Non-DH compliant for large chunks of the book. Some characters may seem OOC at times, but even the twins had to stop letting things go in one ear and out the rest once they were down to only three ears. The lightness comes in more and more as the story goes on, so at least give it a go! A/N: I always wondered how JK would have written the post-capture Malfoy Manor part of the book if it was aimed at an adult audience (and those inferences made in the book) and not page restricted, this is an exploration of that concept. Arrivals: Bill stirred a lump of sugar into his tea, setting aside the rune translation he was working on to glance at the clock to see just how late it had gotten at Shell Cottage. Late enough that none of the Order would be stopping by the safehouse he was secret-keeper of, the house he'd bought when he'd thought Fleur would be there with him. Instead, she was in continental Europe trying to convince the Veela populations to not join Voldemort's ranks this time. She'd gone on her mission after the horrible aftermath of his attack, but with the tacit understanding she wouldn't be returning to Bill and there would be no wedding. It hadn't hurt as badly as it should have, for the most part she'd left his heart as easily as she'd left Britain. Instead he'd spent the summer at the Burrow staring at another girl, a very off limits girl, wondering why he always had to pick the hardest road and knowing she was out there somewhere on an even harder journey. He pushed those thoughts away as he'd done so many times before when they crept in while he was manning this lonely safehouse and listening to the winds howl against the cliffs. He pulled the translation back towards himself in some vain attempt at a distraction, pushing the tea away onto one of the cozies Tonks had left in her last mission here, her maternal nesting instincts kicking in wherever she was stationed. They all left traces after their locational stays: the faint smell of gunpowder that followed the twins, a clean house and made beds courtesy of his mother, the cup of tea Kingsley inevitably left as he rushed to work, the missing silverware if Mundungus had been there last. He wondered what his marker was, he certainly seemed to always need more toothbrushes. It varied and was in a way comforting to catch the traces of their group that moved in shadow under the darkness, always in defiance. The runes were simple enough, but it was the sequence they'd been written in, which was the puzzle he'd been asked to solve. Why that order? Why this combination? The distinct loud crack of someone's arrival was heard, causing Bill to immediately abandon his work and go sprinting to see what news and which Order member it was, a family in need of shelter or an emergency mission Instead, he found a very weak, but recognizable, Mr. Ollivander being supported by two young adults. One of them opened his mouth to speak, but Bill cut him off. Shelter then. "Take him inside. Are there others coming?" "Harry, Ron and Hermione are still there. Malfoy Manor." The boy's voice shook slightly, information added by the dreamy blonde who looked so very young, "And a goblin and the very brave house elf, he's going to get them here too. The Manor was terrible." Bill's insides froze at the first three names, and was glad he already had his wand out. "Inside now." He concentrated, summoning his patronus. "Notify the Order. Somebody stole my lemon drops. Healers needed at the House by the Sea." His patronus disappeared, just as another crack sounded and there was Ron, holding up a bloody, barely conscious Hermione who seemed to be weakly struggling in his grip. Bill reached out for her, pulling her from his brother's clenching arms in an automatic gesture. Ron's eyes were wide with fear, showing white around the edges like a spooked horse as he looked around wildly for someone else, then back to Hermione. Bill's voice was curt. "Harry?" "He should be-" Ron started to grind out when the final group appeared on Bill's once quiet beach. Harry unharmed, but yelling for help in a far too broken tone. Bill looked at his extremely pale younger brother and commanded, "Go." The young black man was also running that way, but a smell from the girl Bill was supporting had just hit his nostrils that made his stomach clench in horror. She looked up at him, her eyes sliding into focus for a moment before she passed out completely and he lifted her into an easier position to carry. It was harder this time to summon his patronus, harder to recall a memory happy enough to overcome this, but the not terribly great code the Order used out of respect was still drilled in. His voice sounded hollow to his own ears. "Notify the Order. Found my candy, it seems I'd sat on them and cracked some of my favorites." Harder yet to summon a third patronus with Harry's hollow noises of grief echoing on the cliffs, Bill looked at his somber and busy husky patronus; not fully a wolf, but so much more than just a dog. He made a move to stroke him in comfort, to assure him his job was done for the night after this last request. "Only to Remus, ok? Moony requested urgently at the House by the Sea." He lifted Hermione more firmly into his arms as dual cracks of displaced air showed the twins, each with one of the stocked healing kits the Order kept prepared, indicating the message had been received and promptly acted upon. He directed George towards the group clustered around Harry and gestured for Fred to follow him, no laughter lurking in his eyes tonight. Fred gave a backwards glance at his twin as if to make sure it was safe, his voice clipped. "What happened?" "I have no idea, but Mr. Ollivander looks to be in bad shape as does the blonde girl. I'll take care of Hermione for now, the house potion stock is in the first closet." With the information dispersed in a succinct fashion, Bill carried her up the stairs and into his room grabbing some stock potions as he went. He laid her bloody, half-starved, twitching form on the bed and wondered just how much the kids had been through and how much more was to come. He pushed it away, breathing back into handling what he could at the moment. He'd find the answers later, once this crisis was handled and wounds healed. He set to work mechanically, curse breaking and the requisite healer training that came with such a job kicking in. A short Scourgify, a calming draught forced down her unconscious throat, stroking the muscles of her esophagus to make her swallow. A short diagnostic test which made him frown and prioritize, first would be pulling all of the chunks of shattered glass from her to stem the blood flow. What the bloody hell had happened to her, to them? The thought drifted in and was just as quickly pushed out: she clearly wasn't in any state to answer. He said the required spell and watched as it worked and glass pushed out of her skin with small pops, as he heard the pounding footsteps on the stairs, Ron's frantic and hoarse voice echoing. "Hermione?!" The loud pop of a particularly large chunk of glass disengaged out of her skin, blocking his hearing for a moment. Fred's calmer and more soothing voice carrying, another tiny pop, though it sounded as if Fred was physically blocking Ron. "She's with Bill, Ron. Calm down, he's checking her now." Bill's mind abruptly started ignoring the small pops of a working spell and focused in on what was happening outside this room. Another small sound of restraint, Ron's voice again, desperate. "I have to see her, she…she.." Desperation coated the pleading, broken confession, "The screams we could hear." The voice of the dreamy girl floated through the walls, "Yes, they were quite horrible, weren't they? But Harry needs you right now, Ron." A pause, as more heavy footsteps were heard, "Oh hello, Professor Lupin." Remus Lupin's voice was polite, tension buried beneath the calm words, "Quite right, Luna. Ron do go help Harry and I'll check on how Hermione is doing." There was a sound that indicated Fred had released Ron and Bill could imagine the looks passing between his prankster brother and Remus, that said everything as Ron's distinct and familiar stomp went downwards. Remus' voice floated back up the stairs, "Miss Lovegood, will you do me a great favor by making sure everyone has some of this chocolate? It will help a great deal." "Of course, Professor. Chocolate is known to keep-" Fred's voice, tense but lined with amusement. "Luna, after that do you mind starting a meal? It looks like everyone could use a bite." He paused, his voice losing all traces of his previous humor. "Then please summon a house elf named Winky from Hogwarts, if that's even possible. She and Dobby…" Remus picked up where Fred's voice had faltered into silence, "-were very close and I believe she'd like to be here to help." Thank Merlin, Bill thought, before looking back down at his bloody patient and realizing her eyes were wide open. He'd spent a lot of time with Hermione, but wouldn't claim he knew her well enough to tell if this wide open stare was one of pure shock or one of someone who was taking everything in and trying to process it. He kept his voice gentle, "Hermione, it's Bill Weasley. Ron's older brother," a tiny reaction, "He and Harry are safe and unharmed." A small bit of tension seemed to leave her at that statement, though it made her muscles twitch, her voice almost a hoarse scream, but resolute and sounding rote. "It's a fake." Bill wasn't quite sure what to make of that statement or her comprehension of her surroundings and somewhere in his chest gave a violent jerk at seeing her like this. He shoved it away, now was not the time. Ultimately, it didn't matter as her eyes shut tightly again as she twitched and one of her limbs flailed. The door eased open and Remus Lupin stood there, his nostrils flared and Bill knew he could smell what Bill had: Fenrir Greyback on the girl. Bill looked at the rage on Remus' face for a moment and made a gesture indicating he didn't know what had happened and in her current bloody, filthy state there was no telling why they could smell that bastard's scent. Remus calmed and approached the bed, ignoring the bloody chunks of glass, his voice soft. "Miss Granger? I'd like to help take a look at your….injuries." She didn't respond and there was another pop, a small piece of bloody glass flying from her scalp. Remus tried again, "Hermione?" One eye then the other popped open, chapped lips opening in a small 'oh'. She