(A/N) I don't own anything, this was just something I started and well this is how it ended up. It wasn't bèta'ed so I hope it's okay. After Edward leaves Bella doesn't crumble down, instead she becomes stronger. Studying History she is sent to Italy for a project for her graduation. However her project subject is one Volturi family. IsabellaPOV I smiled to myself as I took in the faces around me, we all had the same passion and we were going abroad to further our knowledge. After Edward left me that day in the woods I had pulled my life back together. I had started by simply talking to people again, the activity Edward had pretty much forbidden. It had taught me that our relationship hadn't been healthy, he had tried to control my every move. One of the other things I did was hanging out on the local reservation, La Push. I had become fast friends with Leah Clearwater, we bonded over our experiences of heartbreak and being stabbed in the back by those we loved. She had also been the one to tell me about the shape shifters that lived there after she shifted for the first time because of her father's death. She had been bitter about it for awhile but had learned to accept it after she saw the possibilities it now gave her, plus the extra bonuses her body got weren't exactly annoying. Charlie had gotten married to Leah's mother Sue a few months after Harry died and I couldn't be happier to have Leah as a true sister now. Her little brother Seth had been an added bonus, he was cute even at his wolf height and with the huge ass built. Charlie had been let in on the secret because it was just impossible to hide when you lived together, just the amount of food they could eat was staggering. Combine that with the weird patrol hours and you had one awkward situation. The only one who had been really opposed to everything was Sam, the guy who broke Leah's heart. It had been kinda funny when she went against him for the first time. He had apparently ordered her not to tell me what had happened to her but she had simply gone around that by telling me what had happened to the others in the Pack and from there it wasn't hard to figure it out. Safe to say Sam was furious with both of us. Leah tore him a new one that day and he tucked his tail and left. The reason he was so scared of her was revealed only days later when Billy's kid, Jacob, shifted for the first time. Leah and Jake imprinted on each other and the rest was history, they're very happy together and are truly a great couple. Well back to today, I actually chose to go to college and I am currently in my last year of History. As a project we were spread out over different cities across Europe and Asia. We would be staying with families that had deep historical roots to learn about the different kind of heritages and at the end of a three month period we would return to present what we had found out. I am going to stay with the Volturi family in Volterra. The name Volturi did ring a bell somewhere but I couldn't remember what it was exactly, maybe we had discussed their family in class once already. The people who were headed to Europe were leaving today on a flight to Amsterdam, from there on out we would travel to our various cities. Some were headed to Norway, a few to Russia and the rest was spread out evenly over Europe. There were two others who would go to Italy, one to the Auditore family in Venice and the other to the remnants of the d'Medici family. As our flight was called a shiver of excitement ran down my spine, I couldn't wait to get to Amsterdam and from there to Volterra. I had two days in Amsterdam before I would get on the plane to Florence, the nearest airport when traveling to Volterra. Once there a member of the Volturi family would pick me up and take me to their house, castle? I didn't really know. After that I would start my research on the family's history. From what I knew the family was currently lead by three brothers by the names of Aro, Caius and Marcus. Their names were old fashioned but they themselves weren't at all. They send me equipment to use, a brand new laptop, a smartphone and they had promised to pick up the tab for both, no matter how much I use them. My dad was a bit wary of it all and my mother didn't have an opinion, or well she probably did but I couldn't really care to hear it. My two days in Amsterdam would be spent browsing the city and doing the dare Leah had given me. She dared me to get high and spent at least an hour in the red light district, honestly I was surprised she hadn't dared me to sleep with a gigolo. She wanted proof though so I had to sent her pictures and if I could I had to call her, she wanted to hear how I sounded when high. Two days later My flight would leave in an hour and I was not looking forward to it. I had arrived early only to find out I would be sharing my flight with a class of high school students. Half of which were either already drunk or slightly retarded because they were acting as if they had never even seen a plane. The guys were staring at me, alternating between my tits and my ass and they were starting to get on my nerves. Please let me not be seated next to them. Whoever was up there was on my side at least slightly today and I was seated next to two girls who were more than glad to pretend to not know the rest of their group. They actually apologized for the behaviour of the guys who had been staring at me and we spent the rest of our one hour flight cracking jokes about them. As we got off the plane we wished each other luck and I silently prayed they wouldn't be ridiculed by their classmates for being serious about this trip. They seemed like great girls and reminded me lot of me and Angela, Leah never did take things extremely serious. Except vampire patrol of course. She still hoped one of the Cullens would come back and be dumb enough to cross the treaty line. She calls it justice, I call it her morbid fantasy. I looked around to find a man standing there holding a sign with my name. He was wearing a chauffeur's outfit that made it hard not to giggle at him. I mean come on! I approached him and after confirming I was really Isabella Swam he led me to a shiny limousine, the Volturi family had obviously not done bad for themselves after the fall of the aristocratic families. I knew from one of the other students that his appointed family wasn't exactly rich anymore, half of the family had been killed during the French revolution and the half that survived had to run leaving any and all valuables behind, At Volterra castle AroPOV I was antsy as I waited for the arrival of our appointed student. Why I had accepted to house one of them in the first place was beyond me but the dean of that college had been very convincing. It would help of course, this way we would be able to remain hidden in this new, high tech world. The phones people had nowadays were a crime to our existence, pictures were almost immediately sent and one could access it from all over the world now. The girl was named Isabella Marie Swan and her name enticed me for some reason, maybe it was the Italian heritage it made me hope for or maybe it was something else. All I knew that the picture that had been added and her name send shivers down my spine that I hadn't felt since Sulpicia left me for her true mate. I hoped against hope that this girl would be my true mate but I wouldn't get too hung up on the idea, I would only be let down if she turned out not to be. God that human driver was taking his sweet time wasn't he? It only ever took me half an hour to make that drive and that hired driver was already taking more than forty five minutes. Even humans didn't drive that slow right? Maybe I had hired an extremely slow driver. Why couldn't her plane have landed at night? Then Demetri and Felix could have been sent to pick her up and she would have been here by now. I had already sent Heidi and Gianna shopping for her room and, as always, they had also taken the liberty of buying her clothing. The entirety of this castle seemed convinced that she would choose to come back here after she graduated, that she would become part of the family, one way or the other. I wish I had a pulse so it could have started to race as the hired limousine approached to make this all seem more real. I had put in some contacts for the initial meeting. I didn't want to scare her off at first glance or before I even had the chance to explain everything in case she was my mate. I sucked in a breath as the driver opened the door and a woman with long brown hair, a pale complexion and soulful brown eyes got out. Her eyes fluttered up to meet mine and I could feel the bond solidifying. Before I could even get a word out she fainted and I was just in time to catch her. IsabellaPOV The car drive wasn't extremely long yet for some reason I was wishing the driver would just hurry up. I couldn't wait to reach my destination, it was as if I knew something would happen when I got there. When we finally pulled up to the castle the Volturi family still inhabited I was awestruck. The tower was intimidating but beautiful, it looked las if it was straight from a fairytale and I was struck with the sudden desire to never leave this place again. The driver pulled to a stop and when he opened my door I was a bundle of nerves. I hoped they would like me but that something else was still nagging me at the back of my mind. I was certain I knew the name Volturi from somewhere else then my books. I looked up and met the eyes of who I presumed to be my host. I remembered his name as Aro, and like that I knew how I knew the name Volturi. Edward had shown me a painting of them on my birthday and told me their story. As the reality of where I was set in I fainted with only a pair of cold arms quick enough to catch me. I knew I should be feeling deathly afraid but for some reason the arms felt, right. In a way that Edward's arms never did. AroPOV I caught her just before she would hit the ground, cradling her to my chest. I told the limousine driver to take out her bags and then leave, we would handle the rest. I knew Felix and Demetri would have heard everything and I knew they would take care of Isabella's luggage. The driver seemed a bit hesitant but he complied after a stern look from me. I walked away with Isabella