This fic marks my first trip into writing Twilight fanfiction! This will be a multi-chapter fic, although I don't know how many chapters it will be right now. It's all human, and this chapter is written from Jasper's POV, although chapter two will be Alice. I really, really hope you enjoy this—please drop me a review and let me know! (Note: this is a repost. I took this fic down last year when I quit fanfiction, but I actually really want to continue it and so am reposting it!) The comes from Frank Turner's song Redemption, and all of the characters belong to Meyer. Hope for Redemption jasper/alice, au I wake in a damp tee-shirt and a blaze of pain, the memories of another nightmare still wrapped around my bones. It hurts to drag air into my lungs, it hurts even more to move, but I still stumble from the warm cocoon of blankets and drag the sweaty tee-shirt away from my body. The only sound in the night is the sound of my bare feet hitting the cold wooden floor and the gasping sound I'm making as I try to breathe. Panic threatens, unfurling itself in my stomach to creep through me like a poison. I pause; wait. Underneath the artificial sounds of myself, there is more. I lean against the cool plaster of my wall with my eyes closed, trying to ignore the white-hot throbbing of my chest as I listen. There is the most predominant sound of all, the one I have had to become accustomed to, and that is the sound of the heavy rain that lashes off the windows of my small apartment on its descent to the sidewalk. The force of it rattles the slightly loose windowpane in the bedroom and I can almost hear the glass shivering in its wooden frame. I've never lived anywhere with so much rain, a phenomenon which I did occur in Houston but never to this extent, and the idea of icy, sleeting rain in Afghanistan is strange. The sound of rainfall is accompanied by tyres splashing through the puddles that line the sodden roadside, the cry of some kind of owl in the distance, and the dull hum of music from the club down the road. America is all around me—wet, civilised, and filled with other people. The terror that threatens dissipates and my hands unclench from the fists I hadn't meant to furl them into. I am in my apartment, the one that I allowed my twin to decorate for reasons unknown even to myself, and I am safe. I count to ten and open my eyes to see the hulking shadow of my wardrobe, the outline of my rumpled bed, and the shady figures of my books that are stacked haphazardly around the room. Even with the familiar possessions dotted around me in organised chaos, I still can't shake the smell of dust, death, and gunpowder that seem to have become real during the course of the nightmare. Snap out of it. I turn slowly with the stiff movements of an old man, removing my pyjamas and leaving them in a heap on the floor as I head towards the bathroom, my bare feet whispering against the floorboards. I don't want to think, to remember, and so I fall into a routine. Routine, control, and order prevent me from tumbling down the slippery slope to insanity, so I cling to them. The shower seems too loud in the quiet as I twist the taps, causing water to sputter from the shower head. My chest is still a whirl of pain and I look, without thinking, in the mirror that hangs in the bathroom. My breath catches in my throat as my hand hovers three inches from the uneven skin of my torso. For the first five months that I lived here, following the sudden move from Texas, there had been no mirror. I had left it in the box it had travelled in, swaddled as tightly as a newborn in layers of bubble wrap and cardboard, as I avoided any and all reflective surfaces, too scared that I would see a monster staring back at me. A month ago I had hung this mirror in here without looking in it—a failed attempt to convince my parents I was fine when they visited—but kept my back firmly to it whenever I entered. But tonight, without a conscious thought, I have looked in it and I don't recognise myself. The stranger, like I used to, has a tangle of blonde hair and dark eyes. But his hair is almost like a mane around his head, from a very restless night, and his eyes are overshadowed by the smudgy bruises beneath them, clearly demonstrating how tired he is. His skin is pale, making his eyebrows stand out more than they should, two dark gold slashes of colour. But his body is the worst, so badly marred that I feel myself shudder at the same time the man in the mirror does. A few faded scars can be seen on the underside of his jaw but the base of his neck is where the real damage starts, threads of white and red twisting down into a clutter of scars that look healed but I know burn at touch. They are pink around the edges—all of them, no matter how thin or thick they are—and so little of his skin seems normal that my knees seem unable to support me. I can feel the heat from the shower, warm against my back as it ghosts across my skin. I want to be sick, to heave until I'm empty of everything—not just food, but the emotions that I can feel rolling through me. I am drowning in the self-loathing and hatred, the repulsion of the man in the mirror. The man in the mirror, who is me. Six months since I've looked in a mirror. Six months, half a year, one hundred and eighty-two days. Shit. One more mistake that I've made, one more error that has made me hate myself that much more. I hate who I am, I hate who those scars make me be, I hate how those scars make me feel. I want to scream, shout, roar. I want to cry until I have bled myself dry of tears but I fall back into the auto-pilot mode that got me through most of the dark days following my release from hospital. I am on my feet and in the shower without really realising I have moved, the water striking my skin with the force of blunt needles and I tip my head as far back as it can go so that any loose, escaping tears are rushed away. I knew I was scarred. The Doctors had told me and I had seen the bloodstained bandages following numerous surgeries that the nurses had hustled away, the red staining the virgin white. The tops of them, the major scars, begin just above my tee-shirt line but they don't look as bad, just the narrow ends that disappear beneath cotton and are hidden away. But seeing it, seeing how my body had been reduced to a mass of mauled flesh, horrifies me to the extent I want to curl into a ball and take myself away from it so that I know nothing but the calm of complete, utter blackness. And with this horror comes understanding as incidents over the past months gain new meaning, like the pieces of a puzzle finally slotting together to show the bigger picture—Rosalie's tears as she found me in the bathtub, hunched over my knees with my shirt a tattered ribbon of blue on the floor from where I had torn it off as it snagged the still-tender skin around my ribs. My automatic flinch as anyone's hand neared my front—my body and mind protecting itself without any knowledge on my part. I hadn't known how badly wounded I was, but everyone else had. A shudder runs through me as I reach for shampoo, careful to avoid looking down. Six months on and now I know what a monster I am. "Oh, God." Initially, I don't recognise my own voice. It sounds like it has been spoken by someone far away and underwater but I can hear the jagged sound of agony to the words; hear the desperation that colours the tone. And then I'm on my knees as the bathtub encloses me, the water still raining down as I lie in the porcelain world whilst sobs wrack my body, the sound closer to that of an animal than a man. Six months on and, despite what I've told people, I'm not okay. I'm not okay at all. It has reached the point that I look and act as exhausted as I feel, the bruises smudging the skin beneath my eyes, so dark they could be ink, proclaiming to the world that I survive on a diet of caffeine and sugary foods to stop myself from completely shutting down. I sleep so little that I can't remember what it feels like to be rested, the hours of the night haunted by phantoms of my past that return in the form of nightmares that leave me to wake in a cold sweat with my heart stuttering in the cage of my ribs. The scars have faded ever so slightly but I can still see them, creeping out of the top of my collar like ivy on a wall, standing out against my skin. Three more months have passed since I looked in the mirror that night and now I have forced myself to stand before the glass every day so that I know the route every single scar takes. I could trace them onto a blank page blind folded; I can feel them when I lie still. They still hurt to touch—maybe it's something in my mind, or maybe the scars are just etched so deeply into my skin that they'll always hurt. But no one is allowed to touch them and I exist in a state of splendid isolation with the logic that if I don't let people in, I won't be hurt any more than I am. I sigh as I press a blue towel to my face, my eyelids feeling like they are weighing my entire body down as I smooth droplets of water from the planes of my face. Another day, another nine hour day to get through before I can come home and collapse into an uneasy sleep. Another nine hour day I need to prepare myself for, to try and make it look like I'm not half-dead. The phone rings at eight o'clock precisely, when I have just given up on trying to make myself look like I've slept and am trying to tame my hair into some kind of submission before I leave. I jump at first, my back snapping to attention as I tense up into defensive mode the way loud, unexpected noises make me do, upturning an empty coffee mug and knocking a stack of papers to the floor. I need a few seconds to come back to myself, to the small bathroom of my apartment, but I only fully calm when I see Rosalie's name flash up on the screen, managing to let my lungs relax as I breathe out and answer the call with fumbling thumbs. "Rose." I sound crude and curt as I speak but my twin sister either doesn't care or doesn't notice as I try to swallow the tension that I feel lingering around me. As I straighten the mug, now bearing a ugly jagged crack down the side, I notice that my hand is trembling like a leaf in the breeze. "Jasper, thank God," Rosalie gasps down the phone line sounding frantic, an emotion which I have never associated with my sister. I hear the way her breath catches as