Jacob stumbled through the trees as if he had been shoved forward. He was wearing a suit jacket too small for him over very worn, but unripped, jeans. Jacob and I had that in common - a taste for comfort, casualness. Yet here we were dressed up for the viewing pleasure of others. The night was calm and clear. You could see the half lit moon shining through the tree branches illuminating the small clearing that we all awkwardly occupied. He stopped in front of me- hands in his pockets, eyes down. "You look." he took a breath and looked up "beautiful Bella." He turned toward Edward who was standing close behind me. "Can I dance with her?" He was being careful and considerate. I could tell it was eating at him. "If that is what you want." Edward replied. He was talking to me. "Yes, Thanks - I'd really like that." I smiled at Edward to thank him. Edward glared at Jacob a 'hands-above-the-waist' glare then turned back to the big dance floor. Jacob waited until he was gone before stepping closer to me. The smell of the forest clung to him. I breathed in his scent of fresh sunshine, baked earth and green grass. There was something else too, tabacco maybe? It was coming off of the borrowed suit jacket. Jacob took my hand in his and started to clumsily move me to the music. His hands were warm and rough, but his touch was light. I could tell he was consciously preventing them from squeezing too tightly. He was awkwardly silent. I knew he was trying to make this a good thing - a happy memory for me to keep. "Thank you for coming. It really means the world to me." "Sure, sure." Jacob replied. He was so stiff. It seemed as though if he let himself relax for a moment that he might fall into pieces. I wanted to shake him. Instead I pulled him closer to me removing the gap between us. I rested my head on his chest. It was warm and hard as it rose and fell with his even breath. The trees glistened with twinkle lights. Could this be real? All of a sudden I was overwhelmed - invaded as a thought pulsed through me. 'Run.' it said. 'Run-run-run-run-run." The word pounded in my head matching the beat of Jacob's heart. The forest seemed to hum with nature's pure energy. Magic. I might have thought this whimsically before, but now I knew its magic was real. It called to my primal instinct. 'Run' it beckoned to me. I saw myself running barefoot through the forest, Jacob close behind. I saw my white wedding dress float behind me as we raced through the trees as fast as we could as far away as we could get. My heart must have been pounding in my chest. I turned behind me to look for Alice. She was dancing with scarves. Not paying attention to me or rushing to tell Edward something. I breathed out. It was just a thought then, not a decision. Of course. "I wish you'd say something." I whispered. I desperately wanted to be distracted from my own thoughts. "Ok - I've been in Milan training, getting styled for my debut as a male model." I laughed hard at this randomness letting my shoulders shake. "Yea, they were going to make it a couple's gig, but they said Seth was too scrawny." I laughed harder until I snorted. My face was red I was sure. Jacob smiled back at me and brushed my flushed cheek. "I'm going to miss this." His face was serious and somber now. He meant more than, missing me. He was going to miss me being alive. He stopped himself from going too far and pulled his hand back. The music stopped. He shifted back carefully stepping away and then the music picked up again. "You think I can get another?" he asked. I nodded. Although his hand had left my cheek I could still feel its warmth lingering on my skin. I couldn't stop my mind from going to that night in the tent. My body reacted to the memory and shivered a bit. He tensed up as if taking all of his energy to control his emotions. "Are you cold?" "I'm fine. And you can relax ok. It isn't happening tonight." Jacob scowled at my bluntness, but his body relaxed. His hands became soft instead of rigid. "Oh yea? Why wait now? Are you- " "having second thoughts" was my guess to the other half of that sentence but I squashed it. "No. I just would rather, you know, enjoy my honeymoon instead of waiting to suck the life out of everything I can my hands on. You know - the simple things." Jacob laughed a deep belly laugh at this, making his whole body smile was so brilliant and white. I couldn't help but smile too. It was a glimpse at the old Jacob. We had had such an easy relationship before. We could be honest and silly with each other. Now it was so strained, formal, civilized. It felt great to make him laugh. "Right, of course. While that is true, it isn't like you can have a real honeymoon with him anyway." I pushed back a little looking up at him. "What do you mean? I can do whatever I want." Jacob stopped dancing now and grabbed me by the upper arms - pinning them painfully by my side. He ducked a bit to look me straight in the eyes. His own blazing now. "Bella, this is important. What do you mean? You can't be saying what I think you are." He looked desperate and dangerous. "Jacob, ease up a bit. You're kind of hurting me." I shrugged to try to loosen his grip. "Bella…" "Butt out Jake! That's private! We are going to do what we want to do, and we don't need your permission!" I squirmed under his grip, but he only held tighter. I could feel his fingers pressing against my flesh digging in deep. "NO! You can't Bella. He will kill you. Stop being so stupid ! He will rip you apart! You won't be able to be put back together. JESUS Bella!" He picked me up slightly so the tips of my toes only brushed the ground and shook me. "Jacob, stop! Let me go!" I was shouting now, but the words barely left my lips before Edward was there and shoved Jacob aside. The quick movement made me lose my balance. I could see the ground getting closer as if it were all happening in slow motion, but Edward caught me right before I hit. "You sick sadistic fuck!"Jacob spat on the ground between himself and Edward. "Turning her into one of you is one thing, but destroying her first for your own twisted pleasure is monstrous." Jacob's rage was visible. His eyes had darkened and his body was shaking. Seth had caught up to Edward and was rushing to get Jacob in check. He would never be able to stop Jacob alone. "Jake dude, come on. We need to go." Jacob didn't budge just leaned in staring straight at Edward. "I will kill you." Jacob growled. "Jacob stop!" I cried, but the words stuck in my throat caught by my fear. "Get out of the way Bella." Edward whispered low to me- pushing me behind him protectively. It was then that Sam joined Seth- not waiting for any response he shoved Jacob with all of his might. Jacob stumbled back just enough for Seth to grab his arm and pull him away, back into the forest. "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry." I was shaking now. The fear had turned into a stream of tears. "I don't know what I was thinking." Edward pulled me close. His firm protective grip calming me. "It's okay Bella. It's fine. You didn't do anything wrong." "But I did! I opened my big mouth and-" "Bella, we need to go back now before people start to notice okay?" It was only then did I realize how long I had been gone. Half an hour? I couldn't tell. I looked back toward the main party. People were dancing, talking and laughing. It could have been a completely different world than the one we were currently in, but people would still be wondering where we were. "Go back- find Alice. Okay? She will touch you up a bit. No one will know." I nodded softly. My arms ached where Jacob's fingers had pressed into me. I wondered if they would bruise. I let the angry thought drift away. This was still my wedding and I wasn't going to let this ruin all of it. I could do this. I started off toward the main dance floor. "Aren't you coming too?" I called back. My eyes must have looked wild because he quickly drew me in and kissed me hard. His cool and firm lips meeting my own and he pulled me close. It rippled through me calming every nerve. This was our night, our time, we were here for each other. He was mine. I was his. "I will be right there. I promise. I am just going to check with Seth to make sure we are okay now." He kissed me again lightly this time, making me long for more, but I headed back. I tried to put on a happy face, but beneath if all I could think of was ..that was it. . I was never going to see Jacob ever again. The rest of the night flew by in a blur of dancing, cake and laughing. My feet were so sore that I was insisting on being carried back to the house. We changed, grabbed our bags that Alice had packed for us and headed out. I wasn't sure where we were going, but I didn't care. I was going with Edward, my husband. I held his hand as we climbed onto the airplane. "Are you going to tell me now?" He had been pretty tense on the trip to the airport. I could only imagine what he was thinking. He had promised to try and I swear I could feel him trying to think of ways to get out of it. He cracked a smile and shook his head. "Fine then, I am going to have to pull up a map of the world and start guessing one place at a time. We will see how long you last." I made it through the countries that began with "C" before I passed out myself. When I woke the plane had landed.I was excited to see the taxi waiting for us. I was beyond curious as to where it would lead. It led to a dock. "Ok..If this boat leads to a train I give up." "Ha! If I knew it was that easy I would have had them built a train at the end!" Edward laughed. The creases on the sides of his eyes were heartwarming. He was starting to relax. "We are going to Esme's island." He said finally. "Carlisle built it for her. No one lives there permanently." I had meant to respond, but the small green chunk of land was slowly shifting over the horizon. It was gorgeous - almost unreal. The setting sun behind the island made it look like it had a pink and orange halo surrounding it. We had been traveling for a lot longer than I had realized, or maybe we had lost hours of the day on the trip. I desperately tried to shut my brain up so I could take in the view. We docked behind a large house made of windows. They were all open letting the breeze from the sea and the sunlight pour into it. We headed straight to the bedroom. "Um how about I give