Chaos Unleashed: Part 2 ...Well! You look a bit frightened, my friend! I suppose that last bit gave you quite a shock! Though I did warn you this would happen, didn't I? Tales such as these are often filled with twists and turns. But you also look quite...confused. Where did they all go, you ask? What happened to them? Well, of course I'm going to tell you! I would be a horrible host if I just left you hanging like that! However...perhaps we could use a brief pause. To settle down from all that excitement and prepare for the rest of our long journey. Because believe me, it is far from over. Yes, yes...far from it. In fact, that does sound like quite a good idea. Shall I get you something while you're just sitting there? Something to eat or drink, perhaps? I'm sorry to say I'm out of wine, or I would share it with you. I do remember there being a few apple tarts left in the kitchen, though. What's that? You're not hungry? Oh. Well, I guess that's just as good. Well, what else can I tell you? Life in the wide world goes on...full of its own comings and goings. People living their lives to the fullest...others making mistakes. I imagine you've done some of both, as have I. In fact, I've made some mistakes that should've cost me my life. But fate had other plans for me, it seems. Some I regret. And some I have learned from. And some, unfortunately, cost the lives of others...friends I once cared for very deeply. But in all of this, I have learned one thing in particular that I would not sacrifice for anything. Loyalty is one of the greatest treasures you can ever dream of finding. It will get you far in this world, I can promise you. It carried me quite a long way. In my lifetime, I have met people whose loyalty knows no bounds, and it is a beautiful thing. Too often in this day and age are people quick to turn their back on others for personal gain. Loyalty is more important now than it ever has been. Your friends and loved ones, one day...they will need someone who they can trust. And so will you. Do not take true friendship for granted. It does not come as often as it should anymore. ...Ahh, but enough of that. My apologies. I put too much of a damper on things, didn't I? Though in a way, it is quite relevant to the remainder of our tale here. Because this is when things get harder. This is when they will need to trust each other now more than ever to survive. Hopefully they can find it in them to do just that. Chapter One Kathryn's POV ...Breathe...breathe...I can still breathe. I tried to move my limbs. I tried to think. I tried to remember something, anything at all. Just...breathe, Kathryn. I couldn't.. My mind felt...dark. Hazy. Unexplored. But you're still breathing...that means you're still alive. Was I alive? I didn't feel alive. I felt cold, stiff... But no. I was breathing, and I was thinking. My mind was a bit less murky now. I could feel myself coming back to my senses. I was alive. You're almost there...you can do it. Just...wake up...wake up... It was slow, really slow, but I was getting there. I could hear faint, muffled voices, growing louder... A light growing behind closed eyelids. Wake up, Kathryn...wake up... I was so close. So close... I took a full, deep breath, my lungs sucking in sweet air for what felt like the first time in ages. Wake up! oOo The first thing I saw was a blur of colors, a blob of red at the center of my line of vision. My ears were ringing, and everything hurt. Then my eyes finally began to focus, and I groaned as I recognized the face of Boromir hovering over me. At my noise, his eyes widened briefly before looking up, past my head. "She's alive. She's all right." His gaze flicked back down to me, blue eyes meeting my dark brown ones. "Kathryn? Kathryn, can you hear me?" I coughed, trying to slowly sit up. "Of course I can hear you. I'm not deaf." "Kathryn!" I turned my head as I propped myself up on my elbows to see Erin standing nearby, and Legolas just behind her. "Oh, thank God," she muttered. "What?" I asked, looking back and forth between them all. "What happened? And..." My eyes went wide with confusion again as I looked around. "...Where the hell are we?" "Well...we're not at home. I can tell you that." I rolled my eyes. "Thanks, Erin." I tried to sit up even more, but my hand immediately flew to my head, and I hissed as I was attacked by a pounding headache. "Shit!" I swore. "I feel like I got run over!" I took a moment to adjust to the thumping pain at my temples, then slowly sat upright and opened my eyes to get a good look around. My eyes widened in fear as my brain began to make connections. "Oh my God... where's our house?!" Sure enough, our modest little home was nowhere to be seen. In fact, we weren't even indoors anymore. I was sitting on cold, hard ground, cushioned only by a thin layer of crunchy, dry leaves. Everywhere I looked, there were trees, massive ones that twisted and tangled themselves together. Their branches spiraled upwards to impossible heights, and very few leaves still clung to their branches. Strange mosses and other things I couldn't identify clung to the bark, and the air itself was super muggy. Something strange nagged at me from the back of my mind...I recognized this place. It was vague, but I was sure I'd seen something like it before. And then, peeking up through the top of the trees, I noticed something else. "It's sunset," I said, looking back to the others. My heart skipped a beat as the gears continued to turn in my head. "Did we...?" Legolas nodded from a few feet away. "Welcome to Middle-Earth." I was pretty sure my eyeballs were going to fall out of their sockets at this point. "No way! Seriously?" "Yes," he nodded. "We are really here." A grin began growing on my face. "Oh, good! We finally got you guys...home..." It dropped from my face just as quickly as it had come. "Wait! Why are Erin and I still here, then?" Erin winced. "I...don't know, exactly. I'm thinking we weren't supposed to be holding hands with them when we opened the portal or something. Apparenly we got sucked in, too." I blinked, trying to clear my head. "...Okay...Well, can we get back?" Again, I saw an uneasy look cross her face. "That's the problem. One of many, at least. I have no idea where the stuff is. It looks like the only things that got transported here was whatever was on our bodies at the time." "...So everything's gone? Meaning we can't go home?" She nodded, and I blanched. "Oh my God...What are we gonna do?! We're lost in Middle-Earth without any of our stuff!" "Not entirely," Legolas cut in. I looked toward the elf, and his eyes sparkled a bit as he spoke. "I would know this forest anywhere. We just so happened to land in Mirkwood." "Mirkwood?" My panic lessened slightly. "Oh! Great. You can get us out of here, then!" "Well, yes," the elf replied, "but there are still several problems which we need to address. First of all, as Erin pointed out, we do not have any provisions for surviving in the wilderness. The fact that it is nearly dusk is also unsettling, as it means we will be stranded in the dark within the hour. And if there is one thing I have learned about this forest in my lifetime, it is to never underestimate its inhabitants." I eyed him warily. "Inhabitants? You don't mean..." I trailed off, my fear slowly rising again. Erin nodded. "Yes, Kathryn. Spiders." "Among other creatures, I'm sure," Boromir added. I tensed, beginning to panic. I absolutely hated spiders, or any kind of bug for that matter. And the fact that I knew that these spiders were the size of a small bus horrified me even more. Shit. Shit shit SHIT. Not good. Very not good. "Which leaves us with a decision to make," Erin went on, crossing her arms over her chest. "What do we do?" All eyes turned to the blonde prince, relying on his expertise to get us out of this, and his blue eyes instantly turned to me. "More than anything, it is important that none of us are injured. Are you sure you are all right, Kathryn?" I nodded, slowly standing up and brushing the leaves off of my butt. "Yeah, I'm fine. Just a headache, but I guess you can expect that when you get dumped into a fantasy world." He managed a small smile before continuing. "The second most imperative thing to do would be to secure a place of shelter. I doubt we will be able to get far at this time of day. These woods are especially dangerous at night," he said bitterly. "Do you know where we are in Mirkwood?" Erin asked. "Like, is there a place nearby we could stay?" His eyes flicked back and forth, assessing the area. "I do not know. I feel as if I have seen this place before, but...something is not quite right about it. The trees are...dead." I looked around, noticing it as well. The bark of these trees were grey and black-ish, giving the woods a sickly feel. It certainly wasn't very welcoming, at least. Boromir nodded in agreement. "There is something strange about these trees," he said quietly. His eyes then locked on the elf as well. "Is there not an old fortress here that used to taint the woods with evil?" Legolas' eyes had a steely look about them as Boromir mentioned the place. "Dol Guldur," he said lowly. "Sauron was driven out of the ruins years ago, but his servants have reclaimed it since. The forest never fully healed from his dark magic." He looked at a decayed tree nearby again. "I would imagine we are far to the south, close to the source of the forest's shadow." "Damn," I muttered. "Is there anywhere at all that we can go?" "I am not sure," he answered. "I would like to have a look around before the last of the sunlight slips away from us, though." "Go for it," I shrugged. He nodded to us once, then quickly swung up into the nearest tree and began climbing op through the branches like a monkey. I watched for a moment as his golden head disappeared. Wow, okay Mr. Acrobat. Way to show off , I thought teasingly. Suddenly, Erin gasped from beside me. "Oh no..." I frowned. "What?" She didn't seem to register that I'd said anything, her eyes going wide and her hand running through her short brown hair. "Oh shit...No!" "Erin!" I said, finally catching her attention. "What is it? What's wrong." Her hazel eyes met mine, fearful and panicky. "Kathryn, oh my God...What about the others? Kaia and them? Are they still on Earth? Are they here? And if so, how the hell are we going to find them?" I gasped as well. "Oh no! Oh my God, I don't know! Erin, how are we gonna find them?" Boromir placed a hand on my shoulder. "Don't panic. We...we will find them...somehow." But even he faltered a bit, realizing the weight of the situation. Just as I was about to speak again, a shout came from above us, and we looked up to see Legolas drop down to the ground again, a wild smile on his face as he looked at us. "You will not