The Changing Destinies Series: Book Four To Whatever End -Kathryn- The deep, inky blackness of the night was insatiable, stretching endlessly onwards and devouring everything it touched. Nothing challenged it, save for the dim glow of low-burning coals piled at my feet as I watched the remains of my modest campfire slowly die out. The bright streaks of orange against an otherwise shadowed landscape were hypnotizing, and somehow I found deep satisfaction in watching them as I sat beneath the edge of a scattered treeline somewhere along the base of the Misty Mountains' southern tail. The world had fallen silent and still around me, with not even so much as a single star breaking through the clouds above. It was as if Middle-Earth itself was aware of what was coming, holding its breath in preparation. The faint, cool breeze picked up just enough to make me shiver, and I instinctively drew my cloak tighter around my shoulders. Ever since I'd left Ithilien, an uneasy knot had formed in my stomach and refused to leave. No matter what I did, I couldn't shake the small pinprick of fear that'd settled in the back of my mind, growing stronger and stronger each day. At first, I had dismissed it as nothing more than me questioning my decision to leave Faramir behind, but the more I became aware of its presence, the more I realized it wasn't that at all. It was a fear of something much greater - something I'd always known, but refused to acknowledge for the longest time because it had never been relevant until now. But now it was all but inescapable. The end was nearly in sight. And it terrified me. My gaze remained glued to the coals, but my mind spun wildly with a million and one thoughts. It didn't even seem possible, but... it was almost over. Everything. The quest, the war... Suddenly the story I knew from Lord of the Rings was beginning to enter its final chapter, and before I knew it, it would be done, and then... then what? That was what scared me, really. The "what." What would happen after this adventure was finished? What was I supposed to do then? Just go home? But the idea felt foreign to me still. Go home where? To Edoras? Just live out the rest of my life tending to horses until I die? I swallowed as the thought sunk in. The rest of my life. I'm going to be stuck here for the rest of my life. At one point, I'd still been clinging on to the hope that I'd be able to get back to Earth somehow after the war was over, but now I was pretty well convinced it was no longer an option. None of us had any idea how we'd even gotten here in the first place, and the last thing anyone had time for was going off and doing the presumably endless amounts of research it would take to figure out how to get us home. So we'd all just accepted the truth for what it was: no one was going back. Erin had never seemed super bothered by it, but I understood why. I mean, she practically had a whole life made for her here already. She was living in her dream world, was friends with the elves, was dating a goddamn prince for crying out loud... She knew what she was doing. She knew her purpose. But me? God... I had no idea what was going on with me. Old memories replayed themselves in my mind as I sat there in the dark. Twice I'd thought I'd known what my purpose here was, but both times I'd been wrong. First I thought I'd been brought here to save Theodred, but he'd still died. Then I thought I was meant to save Boromir, and that failed, too. What else was there beyond that? Surely I hadn't been brought into an entirely different universe just to have those few conversations with Faramir in Ithilien - anyone could've done that, and it wasn't even anything to further the plot. Really, it had just been an errand for a friend. So what was the point? What was I doing here? What justified ripping me away from my family, my friends, and an entire life back on Earth to bring me here? For a moment, my gaze drifted to the sword resting in the grass beside me, and I remembered Galadriel's prophetic statement from our final moments in Lothlórien. You are made for greater things in this world, Kathryn. By the end of this great war, you will find your purpose and strength. By now, though, I'd begun to seriously doubt her words. The final battle for Middle-Earth would be here before we knew it, and I still didn't even have so much as an inkling of what I was supposed to do with the thing. Gandalf had told me it was a weapon Sauron himself feared, but I didn't understand why such a powerful blade had been passed down to me. It wasn't my job to destroy the Dark Lord or command legions of armies against him, so what was I supposed to do with it? And why had such a big responsibility fallen to me, of all people? I glanced up at the skies, wishing for even the faintest twinkling of a star to break through the gloom and offer comfort, but nothing came. What do you want from me? I thought, looking back to the dim coals as a sense of aimlessness settled on me like a second cloak. Why am I here? What am I made for? – -Erin- I cast uneasy glances left and right as my horse picked her way through the twisting, gnarled mess of Fangorn, diligently following the procession ahead despite the uneven terrain. Even now, the forest held an unnatural air, and I couldn't help but feel wary despite knowing we were completely safe. Fréa, at least, seemed to be handling things better than I, the dark grey mare never once slowing or showing any sign of fear. She barely even needed me to guide her, although part of me resented that fact because it would've given me something to focus on. Instead, I had nothing, mindlessly staring at a spot between Fréa's ears as she kept moving forward. Our company rode in silence, as had been the case for most of our journey, which had made it an uncomfortable one. And despite my best attempts, I couldn't ignore the tiny voice in the back of my mind constantly reminding me I was the cause of it. For a moment, I glanced up to where Legolas and Gimli sat atop Arod several yards ahead, with Aragorn just in front of them. At one time, I likely would've been laughing and joking with the three of them as we all rode together. But things were different now. My gaze fell as a familiar guilt stung my chest. I had made things different. Before my thoughts turned too dark, however, I caught myself, forcing my mind to shift in a different direction. Edoras was the first thing I came up with, and for maybe the dozenth time in a week I sorely wished I was there instead of here. I was beginning to resent and question why Gandalf had even asked me to come with them in the first place - there was no reason for me to be present during their little meeting with Saruman. At least, not that I could see. Maybe the old wizard knew something I didn't. Either way, I still wasn't too happy about it. I still had injuries from Helm's Deep I was slowly recovering from, which made constantly riding horseback a bit of a pain. Not to mention I was exhausted, and probably smelled awful, and still had blood stains on some of my clothes I hadn't managed to get out before we'd left. All in all, I really wasn't in the mood to deal with a grumpy wizard under house arrest at the moment. But just then, the edge of the thick, dark forest came within sight, bringing my focus back to the present. I suppose I should just keep my mouth shut while we're in there, I thought. I'll just let everything happen as it should so we can get this over with and get back to Edoras. Whatever. Straightening up in my seat, I fixed my gaze on the back of Éomer's head in front of me, stewing in my mild annoyance as we began making our exit from Fangorn. Little did I know the surprise waiting for me beyond the last line of trees. – -Kaia- Snickering laughter escaped me as I watched Pippin try and catch the smoke wafting through the air with his bare hands for the third time in an hour. "What are you doing?" A crooked smile split his face as well, his red-rimmed eyes crinkling. "Can't let good smoke like that go to waste! It's criminal!" He nodded to the crudely made, but effective joint we'd managed to make together after scrounging around Saruman's store rooms. "This method of yours is better than any pipe in all the Shire, I'd bet!" My laughter only continued as I watched him take another hit, and I shook my head. "I still can't believe we got that to work." I took another drink from the bottle of red wine in my hand, grinning. "You are so ridiculously high right now, Pip." "And you're drunk," he pointed out. "Hey, hey, hey," I shushed him. "Only mildly." He laughed, and I did too, though a familiar, slightly hazy tilt to the world told me he was at least partially right. Pippin's gaze drifted off into the distance, a dumb smile still on his face. "I feel like I'm back at The Green Dragon!" he started off, reaching for his own cup. "A mug of ale in my hand... putting my feet up on a settle after a hard day's work!" He lifted his feet up from where they dangled off the edge of Isengard's ruined outer wall, closing his eyes and envisioning the scene with a pleasant hum. I shot him a knowing look. "Somehow I doubt you even know what a hard day's work feels like." He shrugged, and we both laughed again as he tore off another piece of pork for himself. I leaned back against the rough stone, grinning and polishing off the last few bites of a plump red apple. As I chased it down with wine, I flung the core over my head nonchalantly, hearing it land in the flooded area behind us with a plop. My gaze drifted upwards following Pippin's trail of smoke, relishing in what was shaping up to be a gorgeous day. The sun was high, the sky was a brilliant blue, and I was eating and drinking my fill without a care in the world. It was perfect. I closed my eyes, feeling the soft breeze on my face. After months of captivity and starvation, I was actually enjoying myself. I was safe. I was happy. For once... life was good. Suddenly, a rustling from within the forest caught my attention, and I opened my eyes again to see several figures on horseback emerging from the treeline. Pippin let out a cheerful laugh and raised his mug in greeting, and my heart soared when I spotted the first familiar face at the head of the line. "Gandalf!" I sat up, beaming as the old wizard rode forward. "My dear Kaia," he chuckled, smiling warmly up at me. "I had suspected we might find you here, after all this time." I gave a half-shrug, spreading my arms. "And here I am." But then someone else rode out from beneath the trees, and my face fell when I saw him. "Oh my God..." In an instant,