A/N: Oh SNAP, Book Three is here! I know I said I'd have this one started like, last week, but I'm back in college now, and life got a bit crazy for me for awhile, haha. But here we are! Better late than never, right? As always, I'm pumped to get this book going. This is the one where things start to get...stranger, I think. I've got lots of cool stuff planned, so I hope you all stick around! If you're new to this series, make sure you go back and read Books One and Two before going any further! It won't make much sense if you start reading here first, haha. For all my returning readers: Good to see you back! :D Hope you all enjoy this chapter! The Changing Destinies Series: Book Three Staying Strong -Erin- "Shall I describe it to you? Or would you like me to find you a box?" I laughed, clapping my hands together as I leaned back into the cushioned couch. "Me!" I said, pointing towards the image of Gimli on the TV screen. "That's so me, I'm so fucking short." A ripple of laughter echoed throughout the group, four of my closest friends and I gathered together in my living room for a movie night I was hosting. Naturally, The Two Towers was what I'd chosen, and we were enjoying ourselves so far. As I watched the approaching Uruk army close in on the walls of Helm's Deep, I leaned forward in my seat, hands over mouth in anticipation. Suddenly, the image froze, a soft click abruptly bringing up the lights. I frowned at Kathryn, who stood by the light switch with the remote in hand. "Hey, what the hell? What gives?" She ignored me, motioning for us to stand. "Guys, come check this out! The sunset's so pretty right now!" I gave her a skeptical look, rising with the others as we all went along with it. My arms stretched up over my head, and I took a deep breath. "Okay, I guess it's fine. Now's a good time for a break anyway." Turning, I followed my friends out of the living room and onto my front porch, and as I looked up, I gasped. Kathryn was right - it was gorgeous. The clouds were thin and sparsely scattered across the sky, which was an incredible mix of reds and blues unlike anything I'd ever seen. It was amazing, and for a moment, the five of us just stood there, taking it all in. I stepped forward a bit more, in awe of the scenery. "...Wow..." But just then, I heard an urgent shout from inside the house. "Erin!" At my name, I spun, looking back through the doorway to see a distant form all the way at the back of the house. "...Mom?" I could hardly see her, but I felt drawn back inside. At that moment, the wind picked up speed, suddenly turning into a great gust and swallowing up her words before they could reach me. I could see her trying to tell me something, frantically waving her hands for me to come to her, but the wind drowned her out. "Mom!" I started to run, but just as I reached the front door, the wind slammed it shut, and my pulse quickened as I reached for the handle. I jiggled it, pushing hard, but to no avail. It was locked. "Mom!" I shouted again, banging on the door. "Mom, come open it!" A second later, however, I heard someone call for me again. "Erin!" I turned again, this time to Kathryn's frantic shout, and my eyes went wide when I saw why she was freaking out. The once brilliant sunset had vanished, and the sky had gone black as dark, angry storm clouds rolled in from the horizon. I felt the wind whipping my hair into my face and ran back to my friends, who all also looked panicked. "Erin, the windows are all open!" Kathryn said. "Everything's going to get soaked!" "Then go close them!" I replied. Makenzie and Sydney immediately sprung into action, running around the sides of the house to close everything up against the oncoming rain. Kathryn, however, turned and ran into the street, and I blinked, confused by her actions. "Kathryn!" I shouted, chasing after her. "What are you doing?" As soon as I stepped out into the road, I was soaked. The rain had hit fast and hard - it was practically a torrential downpour. I caught up to her tall, dark-haired form and grabbed her shoulder from behind, but when she turned around, it wasn't Kathryn anymore. I jerked back, shocked to now see Aragorn standing before me, looking angry. "Where is he?" he demanded. I blinked. "What? I-" "Where is he?" he said again, taking a step towards me. "You killed him, Erin." My eyes bulged. "Who? What are you talking about?" "You killed him!" he repeated. I took a fearful step back - he was furious. "Why did you kill him, Erin?!" "I... I don't know!" I cried, feebly holding up my hands. "I don't know what you mean, I don't-" All of a sudden, I heard an impossibly loud banging from behind me. I turned towards the noise and screamed - the Uruk-Hai. Their entire army was marching towards me - my house was gone. The rain still came down in sheets, and thunder boomed in the skies above. I stumbled back, shaking. What was I supposed to do? Just then, another voice called to me from nearby. "Erin!" Still urgent, but somehow softer. I looked to my left, nearly collapsing with relief when I saw Legolas standing there, hand outstretched to me. "Come, we must go!" Without hesitating, I grabbed his hand and we took off running, away from the Uruks as fast as we could go. We tore across land, through forests and over plains, leaving the threat of the army behind us. I glanced behind us once, hoping we were safe, but when I looked forward again, I was shocked. A great mansion stood before us, but it was blackened and burned. Chaotic noise could be heard from inside, and Legolas turned to me with a grim expression. "She is in there, Erin." "Who?" "Kaia." As soon as he said her name, terror gripped my heart, and I felt Legolas release my hand. "Where?" I asked. "We have to save her!" He only gave me an uncertain look. "We'll split up," he declared. "You must find her, Erin, do you understand?" I nodded, then immediately took off running towards the house, bursting through the front doors in an instant and immediately choking on the thick, hot air. There were bodies everywhere, moving around and crowding the house beyond belief. I didn't notice faces; I didn't care. I hardly paid any attention to anything as I found the stairs and ran to the second, then third, then fourth floor. I could still hear the thunder and the war cries of the Uruk-Hai ringing in my ears. As I came to the top of the steps, I tripped, falling to the ground as the crowd around me laughed. I pulled myself to my feet, looking up at a man I didn't recognize who stood before me with his arms crossed. "Kaia!" I shouted. "Do you know where she is?" The man smirked, chuckling darkly as he stepped aside, nodding to a small room at the back of the house. "Yeah, she's in there." I bolted for the door, but just as I reached it, he grabbed me, laughing again as I tried to break free. "No, no, no, you can't go in there. She's having fun." The door to the small room swung open, and I screamed. Kaia was sitting on the floor, looking lifeless, bloody and bruised like she'd been beaten. She was completely unresponsive. "KAIA!" I screamed, thrashing and struggling to escape the man's grip. "Let me GO!" But the man kept his grip, and my panic spiked as another man moved inside the room, an unfriendly looking vial in his hand. I kicked back hard, earning a grunt from my captor, but wasn't let go. "KAIA!" I screamed again, crying as the man with the vial bent down to grab her by the jaw, opening her mouth. "Look how afraid you are," the man holding me teased. "So, so afraid, little girl." I kept trying to pull away. "Your friend is going to sleep now, you know that? All alone, she'll sleep there." I screamed again, this time in fury, digging my nails into his arm, desperate to get to Kaia. "LET ME GO!" But I wasn't quick enough, and he was too strong, and I watched, horrified, as the second man opened the vial, about to force its contents down her throat. "NO! Don't kill her! KAIA!" – My eyes snapped open as soon as a hand touched my shoulder, and I flinched away, gasping for breath. ...Kaia... I felt a cold sheen of sweat on my forehead and rolled over, seeing Legolas' concerned face staring back at me. It took me a second to process. At first, I'd nearly forgotten where I was. What just happened? His eyes searched mine, unsettled by my evident panic. "Are you well, mela? " I didn't answer him for a moment, just slowly sat up, reaching to feel the texture of my cloak around me and the grassy earth beneath me. I took in my surroundings - a grey, dreary sky lightened by the dawn, fog covering the hills around us. No black house. No strange man. No Kaia. "...I'm sorry," I whispered. "It was a dream." Still, Legolas remained knelt at my side, moving to gently grasp my hand. "You needn't be sorry," he replied, pressing a soft kiss to my forehead. "But we must move on soon. Aragorn wishes for us to continue." He let me go, turning away to help gather up my things. I stayed still, staring blankly ahead. Of course I'd been freaked out by whatever had happened with Kaia, but oddly enough, that wasn't what stuck with me. "...Legolas..." He stopped, turning back to me as I looked at him, still in shock. "...I saw my mom." At that, his entire expression shifted, also surprised. "In your dream?" "Yeah," I nodded, looking down again. "I... I was home... in my house, with my friends, and... she was there. And I tried to run to her, but I couldn't." My gaze landed on the silver birthstone ring I wore; the one she'd given me ages ago. I felt a lump rise in my throat as I looked at it. "...Our birthday's coming up soon," I said softly. "I'm still not used to celebrating mine without celebrating hers, too." My voice wavered, and I let out a shaky breath as Legolas pulled me close, wrapping his arms around me as I tried to hold myself together. "...I miss her," I whispered into his chest. "So, so much." "I know," he whispered back, stroking my hair. We stayed like that for awhile as I replayed the dream over and over in my head, remembering how I'd barely even gotten a glimpse of her face. But somehow, it was enough. It was enough to remind me what I'd lost, the loss that could still sting as painfully as a fresh wound even after five years. I tried not to let myself think about it too much, not wanting to get caught up in old memories. But it still hurt, knowing they were now only old memories. My parents, my family... an entire life. Gone. Like it had only ever been a fairytale. Finally, after a couple moments of stillness together, Legolas quietly urged me to get up and finish preparing to leave. Together, we worked in silence, grabbing all my stuff and getting it packed away before I let him lift me up