Harry has never been more thankful for anything that has happened to him before. Since his name came out of that thrice damn Cup the whole school has left him alone. Granted there were still taunts, sneers, and hexes, but Harry ignored those because no one was questioning his every move. And Harry needed that for what he has planned. The base of his plans started after his thirteenth birthday. It developed more during the summer after that year. There were some not so surprising revelations. Instead of getting angry, Harry planned to get even. After all everything was confirmed the minute he walked into Grimmauld Place. Oh they were all good at acting, but Harry was better. The plans activated, so to speak, at that moment. The second and good part of his plans were able to begin with the announcement of the Yule Ball. Harry took up residence in the Room of Requirement for more privacy. This was a delicate situation and needed to be handled carefully. Borrowing owls from trusted friends help speed things along and gave Hedwig breaks. The location was set after a month of careful deliberations. The food was carefully picked, he chose something that hasn't been tried before. Various appointments were set up. And finally, the way out of Hogwarts was set. That part took longer as well as a lot of begging and favors. Not that any of the favors would be hard to fulfill. Everything on his list was checked off, well everything but the second person. Harry knew it had to be public, or at least semi-public, and he would need a lot of courage to ask one simple question. The nerve-wrecking day came on the same day as McGonagall's dance lessons. Harry paid close attention and listened to every word. He wanted to be near perfect for his Yule date. After the lessons Harry gathered his courage and ignored his year mates. "Draco?" Harry called out to get the blond's attention. Draco turned around, not showing any kind of emotion. "What do you want, Potter?" "Will you go out on a date with me?" Harry nervously asked. The nerves he felt got worse the longer the Slytherin looked at him. Harry was prepared for the rejection and walking away as his classmates witness the whole thing. Just as he was getting ready to turn away the blond spoke. "When?" Harry released the breath he was holding. "Is Saturday okay?" "That's fine, Potter. Where?" "Just meet me at the entrance," Harry couldn't hide the nerves from his voice. "One-thirty, please." He added quickly. "Very well. See you Saturday, Potter." Harry watched the blond walk away, as soon as Draco was around the corner he too left. Harry didn't notice the furious looks from Ron and Hermione, or McGonagall's confused expression at her three lions. Neville Longbottom noticed and carefully followed the angry duo. It was a long three days. Where everyone had ignored him, they were now asking questions. It hadn't taken long for the news to spread, only an hour at the most. As expected Harry got a note from Dumbledore demanding a meeting. He ignored it and sent his own note to the school board. The other thing that was expected was his ex-friends, or mostly Hermione and Ginny since Ron was still pretending to be angry at him. Harry knew it was fake, knew the redhead was jealous again. Harry cared less about the opinion of someone who doesn't have two brain cells to rub together. As for Hermione and Ginny, well Harry ignored the know-it-all's 'I know what's good for you' lectures or the 'we need to see Professor Dumbledore' talks, and Ginny's revolting flirting or bile raising touches. Harry hexed the female redhead with stinging hexes and pranked her to look like Dumbledore in a drag when she flirts or bad mouths Draco. Surprisingly Ron's jealousy was so bad he didn't get Harry back. Friday afternoon Harry overheard Snape and McGonagall's private conversation. They were talking about Dumbledore getting suspended by the Board. Dumbledore told McGonagall that they told him they had evidence against him him and he needed to be suspended pending the investigation results. Snape had asked what evidence, but was told that she didn't know. Harry quietly laughed as he walked away. Dumbledore was going to lose his job and possibly end up in Azkaban. The news left him happy for the rest of the day. The day he was waiting for, Saturday. Harry woke at six in the morning, showered and dressed. He used his invisibility cloak to get to the humpback witch and out of Honeyduke's. Still keeping the cloak on he broke into the Hog's Head where he flooed to the Leaky Cauldron and went into Muggle London. His first appointment was the barber shop. The barber was a sixty year old Muggleborn. With the help of magic his hair was now tamable. Harry walked out with a completely new style. His hair had been magically shaved around the sides and back, leaving the top just long enough to be combed over or spiked. The barber gave Harry the spell, but Harry just made another appointment. The second appointment was a personal shopper. Again a Muggleborn, though this one was younger. She was tall with blue eyes and chestnut hair. Harry liked her right away. They had spent two hours shopping in both the muggle mall and a wizarding store. Harry had several jeans, trousers, shirts, ties, waistcoats, jumpers, shoes and underwear. Instead of making another appointment he had set up a yearly budget for her, trusting her to buy what would suit him. The last thing they bought was wizarding robes for the Yule Ball. The robes were dark green with silver inlay, Harry opted to wear muggle black trousers and a black button-up shirt with a green and silver striped bow tie and matching waistcoat. The robes were mostly open, but had two buttons in the middle to give it a formal look. He burned the ones Molly Weasley sent him. Harry's third appointment was an eye healer. He finally got rid of his useless glasses and took pleasure in destroying them. Even though they once belonged to James Potter. He wanted nothing to do with a man who sided with an evil manipulative bastard. As far as he was concern Remus Lupin and Severus Snape shared the father title. Neither man had lied to him or hid things from him, they protected him, treated him like a normal person and they didn't trust Dumbledore and the Headless Order. The final appointment, or rather last stop, was a jewelers. He got his left earlobe pierced and bought cuff-links for Draco. The cuff-links were platinum Ouroburos wrapped around onyx stones that were flecked with mercury. Harry's new earring had the same stone. It was part of his wishful thinking for he and Draco to have a long and steady relationship. The raven haired teen made it back to the school before twelve-thirty. He went straight to the Room of Requirement. Harry spent the next hour getting ready. He showered again, fixed hair by combing it over, he sprayed a sandalwood body cologne on before dressing. He chose to wear a dark pair of blue jeans, a Slytherin green button-up (leaving it untucked), a silver tie that had thin blue stripes on it (reminding him of Draco's eyes), and lastly a pair of black and white converse. Harry loved muggle shoes more than dragon-hide made ones. Wizards were not known for comfort. Harry made it to the school's entrance with ten minutes to spare. Once he spotted the object of his affection, Harry lost the ability to breathe. Draco was absolutely stunning standing there wearing black trousers and a black button-up shirt. The only color the blond wore was his Slytherin tie. The Gryffindor stood there staring and admiring the Slytherin, and didn't care what others would say. He wasn't surprise to see Draco early or that the whole school, including Durmstrang and Beaubaxtons, were standing around. He spotted his ex-friends in a corner close to the door with wands drawn. Wandlessly and wordlessly he cast a shield charm around him and Draco. "I hope you weren't waiting long." Harry spoke giving his date a shy smile. "Only five minutes before you showed. The entourage followed me here, or at least half of it did. The rest was already waiting." Draco replied, sneering at their audience. "Shall we leave them then?" Harry asked holding out a hand. "Yes." Draco answered shortly and placing his hand into Harry's. "By the way I like the new look. It's suits you better." Harry blushed. "Thanks." They walked to the gates where they were met by Lucius Malfoy and Remus Lupin. Remus was part of Lucius' favor. The Malfoy lord loved the wolf and wanted to spend time wooing him. Harry had no problem with that when Lucius told him why. He even went as far as telling the other man Remus' likes and dislikes. "Father, what are you doing here?" Draco asked giving his father a surprise look. "We're your chaperone for the day. Surely you didn't think you two would be alone on this date?" Lucius drawled with a smirk, Draco looked down, cheeks colored lightly with a blush. "I thought we were just going to Hogsmeade." Harry chuckled. "No, Draco, I planned something special and it requires portkeying to another country." Harry explained. Draco looked at Harry with curiosity. "Which country?" "America." Remus pulled out a blue ribbon, telling them to hold on tightly. Once everyone had a grip, the wolf spoke the password. Harry gave a mocking wave to his ex-friends who were rushing towards them. In a matter of minutes the quartet landed in a dark alley. Harry led Draco out by his hand, that he hadn't let go of, into a snowy crowded street. "Welcome to Chicago." Harry happily announced to his companions. The green eyed teen watched his hopefully soon-to-be boyfriend take in the area. Draco looked so beautiful at that moment. The blond's white gold hair made the snowflakes disappear, blending in the soft looking hair. His pale cheeks were turning pink from the cold, while his plumb cupid bow lips were darkening. Harry loved his eyes the best. They were shining with wonder making the mercury color darken, highlighting the blue within them. He wanted to spend hours, days, years looking into those eyes. "Where to first?" Lucius amused voice broke through Harry's wondering thoughts. Harry looked at the older males, they were giving him knowing smiles. "I thought we would start with lunch. There's this pizza place Dudley told his friends about. If anyone knows food its Dudley Dursley." Harry joked. "What's pizza?" Draco asked. Both blonds looked confused. "Its dough that's been flatten and rounded out. They cover it with a sauce made from tomatoes and spices. Then it's topped with cheese and your choice of meats and vegetables. After dressing it up, so to speak, they put it in a wood-burning oven to cook it until the dough is golden brown and the cheese is melted." Remus explained carefully. Harry hadn't tried it before, but the Dursleys forced him to make them until Dudley deemed them perfect. After that he had to make six of them once a month for Dudley's 'sleep overs'. During those days each pizza had a different combination. Piers' was the worst one Harry made-Anchovies, mushrooms, green peppers and chicken. Harry had to make that one first so the others mask the smell it left behind. "Do you know where this place is?" Lucius asked. Harry smirked. "Across the street." He answered and pointed. The older blond glared halfheartedly at him before placing a hand on the small of Remus' back. The blond led the shock wolf across the street. Harry who was still holding Draco's hand followed behind the pair. "Is this alright, Draco? If not,