Tags: Younger/Older; underage(16); Dumbledore, Weasley, Granger Bashing; Vampire Severus; Anal fingering; Anal sex; First Time; Good Malfoys. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or the characters. Happy Reading and Enjoy! "What the hell am I suppose to do?" Harry angrily asked himself looking into the mirror. Harry was getting tired of trying to get Snape to notice him. He has tried everything he could think of from getting his potions perfect, leaving the man love letters, casually touching his hand in the hall, and even bending over while cleaning the cauldrons so that the man can watch his arse. Well everything but saying 'I love you, fuck me please'. Harry wasn't about to embarrass himself just to get his potion professor to notice him. It seems that that and getting naked in front of the man and kissing him was all that he had left. If he wasn't angry and sexually frustrated he would have found all this funny because he knew Snape felt something for him. During those detentions he had felt Snape watching him and had felt a hand brush across his backside if the man walked past him. He was also watching Harry during meals and classes. Harry knew something had to be there and it wasn't the hate the man had for his father. "Arrgghhh," Harry yelled, both hands pulling his hair. "Why did this have to be so complicated?!" "What's complicated?" The familiar voice of Draco Malfoy asked. Harry turned and spotted the blonde closing the door of the prefect bathroom. The bathroom was one of few places he would have privacy from the annoying Gryffindors. The last few years had really opened Harry's eyes. The dark haired teen no longer wanted to be a Gryffindor and was thankful that Draco and the Slytherins accepted his friendship. It was Draco who worte to his father and asked to petition the Governors for Harry's re-sort, since the Headmaster declined is request without reason. He was expecting to hear from the blond Lord in a few days. "Trying to get the attention of someone." Harry huffed, crossing his arms and leaning against the sink facing his friend. Draco chuckled, he found the whole thing funny. Harry trying to get Snape to notice him, not knowing that the older man actually does. Then there was Severus who was holding on to his control, just barely, because Harry was still a student. Draco and his father tried to tell Severus that student-teacher relationships were not against the rules. Severus just comes back with Harry is too young or Dumbledore will have him thrown in Azkaban for defiling his weapon, who is going to marry the Weasley girl. Draco and Lucius just calls the man an idiot, earning them a dark glare. "Maybe its time to try something else." Draco suggested with a smirk. Harry tilted his head in curiosity. "Like what? I'm open to any suggestions." "Let's try making him jealous. He'll get angry enough and stake a claim if he feels the same way you do." Draco smiled a knowing smile. He knew if push came to shove Severus will claim Harry. He also knew that the claiming would be more than just a tumble between the sheets and a claiming mark on Harry's neck. Harry took the time to think about it. It did sound like a good plan, but there was some good and bad points to it. Like Severus thinking that Harry was not being serious. Or the good that Severus will sleep with him, but then decide that it will be a one off thing. Either way Harry was ready to take the chance. If Severus wanted one night Harry will find a way to deal with it. "Alright, I'll go with your idea. Just don't suggest Blaise. He's too handsy and if Snape feels anything for me I don't want Blaise killed." Harry smiled at Draco. Draco laughed. "No, not Blaise. I was actually going to volunteer myself. Severus won't take anyone else seriously, so I will be the best choice since I'm close to both of you." Harry smirked. "Maybe we should use Blaise instead. We don't want your parents to end up in Azkaban because Severus killed you." Draco waved his hand as if to brush away Harry's statement. "Don't worry. The most he'll do is curse me or dose me with some twenty-four hour poison." "If you're sure. How are we going to do this?" "We'll act like a couple. Hold hands, make cutesy comments, little touches, kisses, acting lovey dovey," he sneered at the words, "and hand feed each while making it suggestive." Most of what Draco said worried Harry a bit. It wasn't doing those things that was worrying, it was the outcome of how he and Draco would feel about each other in the end. It could possibly ruin their friendship. Then there was also Blaise and Theo to think about. "Dray, you have to be positive. I don't want this to ruin our friendship or hurt Blaise and Theo. I would rather walk into his office naked, then lose you or hurt them." Draco gave Harry a fond smile. He understood his friend's worry. He himself worried about the same thing. Draco was hoping Severus would act on his desire in two days, any longer and he and Harry will change plans at the end of the week. "I'm positive, Harry. We'll only try it for a week." "Alright. When?" Draco walked forward standing in front of Harry. He ran his fingers through the raven hair to make it look like he and Harry shagged. Then he kissed, licked and added a couple of love bites on Harry's neck. When he pulled back Harry's pupils were blown with lust. "Now do the same to my neck and lets get to the Great Hall for dinner." Harry nodded and copied Draco. He didn't miss the soft sigh the blond let out when his teeth nibbled on the pale flesh. He'll have to be careful this week, Draco's neck was sensitive and he knew the blond had a biting kink. After finishing, Draco grabbed his hand and together they walked into the Great Hall. For the first time in six years the hall went quiet when Harry walked in. Both teens looked at each other with smiles. Draco leaned forward placing a soft kiss to the corner of Harry's lips. "Sit with me, sweetheart." Draco spoke loud enough for everyone to hear. Harry smiled as he brushed Draco's hair out of his eyes. "Of course, Dray." Draco kissed Harry in the same spot again, this time lingering before leading Harry to the Slytherin table. Harry sat between Draco and Pansy. Blaise sat on Draco's other side, while Theo, Vince and Greg sat across from them. Draco subtly looked at the head table and spotted Severus with a murderous glint in his eyes. Smirking he lightly stroked Harry's cheek, earning the water goblet next to Severus to shatter. Yes, the plan was already working , Draco mentally laughed. The rest of dinner was tense and amusing. Draco wanted to laugh every time something shattered or caught on fire. A few times he felt a stinging hex whenever he touched or kissed Harry. For Harry the funny things were the reactions of Dumbledore and his so called friends. All four would glare at him and Draco every time they did something intimate. The tense part of dinner came from the rest of the school. Everyone was waiting for something explosive to happen. They only had to wait for dinner to end. At the end of dinner Dumbledore, Snape, the youngest Weasleys and Granger made their way to Harry and Draco. Draco had just asked Harry to spend the night in his dorm. Harry had said yes, even though he has been sleeping in Slytherin dorm since his fourth year. With Harry's yes, several windows in the Great Hall exploded and no one but Draco knew who did it. "My office, now, Mr. Potter Mr. Malfoy." Dumbledore ordered as nicely as he could in public. His weapon's actions tonight angered him greatly. Harry and Draco nodded then followed the group. They held hands the whole way ignoring the death glares (and stinging hexes, in Draco's case). Draco knew Severus wouldn't hurt Harry, unless it was in form of spankings. Even then he didn't think Severus would hurt the other teen. When they arrived in the Headmaster's office, Draco and Harry sat close together on the couch. The Weasleys and Granger took the chairs, Snape leaned against the wall. The office was quiet for several heartbeats before Dumbledore cleared his throat and looked at Draco and Harry. "Harry, my boy, you will end this right now. You will also be sleeping in Gryffindor tower from now on. And stop all attempts at getting re-sorted. You are Gryffindor and you will stay a Gryffindor." Harry glared at Dumbledore. "You have no right to tell me who I can and cannot date. You have no right to tell me where I can sleep, eat or piss for that matter. Also it is my right to get re-sorted if I no longer feel safe within my current house. If you continue to try to run my life or dictate my actions I will have you brought up before the Wizengamot. *Everything* then will be brought out into the open including your little pets and just how you are 'running' this school." Harry finished his threat, then gave the old man a devious smile. "So go ahead and keeping trying, or send your little pets to do your dirty work, I dare you. Lucius Malfoy is my barrister and he would love to take you to the Wizengamot and use the documents the goblins gave him." Harry took great amusement in watching Dumbledore, Granger, and the Weasleys go pale with worry and panic in their eyes. Severus even angry was a bit confused. He knew Dumbledore had been stealing from Harry and paying the Gryffindor Trio to befriend him. What confused him was Harry's comment about how Dumbledore was running the school. What did Harry know? He will have to wait until he can get Harry and Draco apart. He was pissed at his godson. The brat knew how he felt about Harry and yet he walked into the Great Hall holding his hand, kissing him and calling him sweetheart. Severus' control was fractured every time they did something intimate. He had to punish them both. "If that is all Misters Potter and Malfoy will be leaving with me." Severus drawled in a tight voice. Harry and his two Slytherins didn't wait for the dismissal, they just walked out of the office and quietly went to the dungeons. Severus led the boys to his office where he locked and warded the room. He turned to the teens, glaring at both as they stood there looking back at him with blank faces. "Explain to me what the display in the Hall was about." He demanded, not bothering to hide the fury from his voice. Draco squeezed Harry's hand to comfort the now trembling boy. The blond glared at his godfather for scaring his friend. That is something he will not stand for. "We don't have to explain anything, Severus." Draco countered with his own fury. "What we do is our business." Severus suppressed the urge to hex the blond. "You will explain or spend two weeks in detention." Harry gave Draco a worried look. Draco in return gave a small reassuring smile and soothingly rubbed the back of his hand with his thumb. The blond knew he needed to get his friend out of the office before Harry breaks. "We'll take the detentions. Now, can we go before curfew?" Severus continued to glare only it was now darker. He cancelled the wards and unlocked the door. "Tomorrow night and every night after dinner for the next two