Disclaimer: Twilight belongs to Stephenie Meyers Read, Favorite, and Review Author Note: This story was once called "What Do You Want From Me?" and it was written by "Anti-social-psyche". With permission from the authors, I have adopted this story and sought to re-write it. There are still elements similar to the original, but a lot of the ideas are original. CH I Bella Pov It's an hour past midnight. The pale moon is shining through the open curtains, inviting a whimsical light into this dim-lit living room. I'm on the couch settled between two familiar boys. One of them is occupied with packing his bowl with marijuana. His wolf-grey eyes are tinged red, showcasing the consequences our favorite avocation has taken on our bodies. His physical movements are sluggish, bearing no resemblance to the fast-paced actions of everyone else in this house. The other boy is sitting beside me with his cellphone in hand. He's paying less attention to Edward's slow preparation of the pipe, and more attention to the intoxicated girls who writhe and dance across the room. His snapchat is busy replaying a continuous loop of Jessica Stanley and Lauren Mallory gyrating against each other. I'm not sure if he's too high to realize he's not recording any longer, or if he's too entranced by Jessica's perfectly sculpted, J-Lo booty to actually care. I feel a frown preparing to grip my features. Everything is moving in slow-motion so it takes a while for my mouth to actually fall. When the corner of my lips curve downward, the rest of my face follows suit. My brows furrow and my nose wrinkles. I cross my arms and shoot him a menacing sideways glance. "Could you be any more of a pig, Jasper? You're literally the grossest human being to ever walk the face of the planet." "Am I?" Jasper's smooth voice is melodic, even when it's crushed underneath the sound of blaring rap music. "That's really hurtful coming from you, Isabella." At the sound of our voices, Edward lifts his head and tilts it slowly to the side. His dark eyes sweep over my face. When he finally speaks, his voice is thoughtfully laconic. "Are you upset because Jasper isn't giving all one hundred percent of his attention to you, Bella?" An ugly sound travels up my throat and turns into a scoff. I roll my eyes at Edward's troubling assumption, though it may or may not be true. "I could care less about Jasper or his affinity for small-town whores." Edward offers me a chuckle that indicates he is unimpressed with my claim, but he does not find the desire to challenge me any further. Instead he holds out his hand, asking for permission to use my pink unicorn lighter. I watch him intently, savoring the daunted intuition that the flame from the lighter casts over his face. Edward holds the fire at the end of the pipe and takes a long pull. His head drops against the frame of the couch. "What's funny?" I wonder, accepting the pipe when Edward passes it in my direction. His mouth opens slowly and he fills the air with wispy "o" shapes of smoke. He looks at me casually and lifts his shoulders. "You're funny, Bella." I hold the pipe to my mouth but refrain from taking my hit. I'm waiting on Edward to elaborate on what he means. He doesn't of course. His eyes close and he begins to nod his head to the music that's filling the room. I don't think he wants to elaborate, especially not when he's high. Edward isn't the type who explains himself often. "Are you ready to get fucked up?" Jasper asks naughtily, patting his lap as an invitation to close the space between us. Jasper grates my nerves, but he knows I love him. I roll my eyes again but I don't try to disguise the smile that wants to bloom from within me. I scoot across the couch cushion, and Jasper wraps a lazy arm around my waist. He pulls me against his warm body, pressing a soft kiss to the apple of my cheek. Edward hands us the bag of weed, and Jazz shot-guns a few hits with me. By the third one I am feeling wavy. The room is vibrating. My senses have numbed and enhanced simultaneously. My vision is a bit blurry from the cloud of smoke, but my hearing has sharpened with a distinct acuity. I can hear Lauren's loud, nasally laugh as if she's sitting right next to me. It lingers in my ear canals like a horrible song on repeat. The living room is hot. There are a lot of people here expending body heat. The rambunctious energy creates sweat and heat waves, causing Edward's apartment to feel more like a club than a humble abode. I mean, Edward's apartment is basically a club. During the school year, he threw parties almost every weekend. No one in their right mind ever missed a get-together thrown by him. He's become sort of a Fork's High legend. Even before he got his own apartment, he used to throw epic parties in his parent's house whenever they went out of town. Now that graduation is over and summer has started; Edward's made it his mission to throw the biggest, most memorable parties over the break. This is our last summer before everyone goes away to college. We have to make this one count. "Where are Rosalie and Alice?" I ask suddenly, twisting my neck towards the front door as if it will magically open and reveal the two girls. Jasper lifts his shoulders into a half-hearted shrug. His eyelids are resting low, but I can still see his gaze circling the room. After a few seconds, he loses interest in his search and redirects his attention onto the weed on top of the coffee table. Edward hands him a pack of cherry ciagrellos, leaving Jasper with the task of breaking down the blunt. This is their fourth round of smoking tonight. Instead of using the pipe I guess they want to roll up now. I can tell they're vibing. Jazz and Edward are feeling themselves. I'm trying to get on the level they are on, but I want to wait for my girls to arrive before I get that fucked up. "Where are James, Em, and Jacob?" I look at Edward specifically when I ask this question. He should be able to give me a decent answer. Emmett is his older brother and the two of them live together. Their parents actually bought them this apartment for Em's eighteenth birthday. It was their way of bribing Emmett into completing his first two years of college in Forks. Though he'd originally planned to attend school in Seattle; Emmett just couldn't give up the chance of sharing his very own bachelor's pad with his brother. Edward and Emmett are eleven months apart and two peas in a pod. They've always had an extremely close relationship, even when we were all kids in primary school. I've lived next door to their parents since second grade, which is the year we all were introduced. The three of us, along with Jasper and Jacob, have been best friends for almost a decade. We met Alice, Rosalie, and James in middle school. It doesn't feel as though I've known any of them longer than the other. To me, it feels like we've all been best friends since birth. It's not even actually a friendship any longer. We're a family. "Oh, that's right." Edward says; voice sleepy and low. "Emmett went to pick them up." I laugh softly to myself. "I guess nobody wanted to be a designated driver tonight." "Everybody's crashing here?" Jasper arches his honey-colored eyebrow in Edward's direction, splitting the cigarello down the middle with his finger. I watch as he dumps all of the tobacco within onto the coffee table. It somehow reminds me of a medical surgery. The tobacco looks like guts, spilling onto the wooden table in various shades and hues. He picks up several crumbs of weed and begins to refill the cigarello. I bite my tongue to stifle my laughter because Jasper never grinds the weed. He takes the pieces exactly as they come in the bundle, stuffing them into the cigarello even if they are oversized. This particular habit of his always pisses Edward off. Apparently, overstuffing the blunt is a terrible waste of weed and money. It's only a matter of time before Edward notices and launches into one of his heated rants. "Maybe." Edward's still leaning his head back on the couch. He isn't paying attention to anything but the ceiling. I look up at the plastered drywall and try to find something fascinating within its design but I cannot. I wonder what Edward's hazy brain is making him see. Are there hidden decorations? Are there colors that I can't pick up on? Whatever it is, it has Edward stuck. He still hasn't realized that Jasper has overstuffed the blunt. "Bella Baby!" My ears perk up at the sound of a new voice. It's frilly and high-pitched like a little elf or a sprite. I match the voice to a face almost immediately. To my right, Alice is approaching the congregation Edward, Jazz, and I have built. The rest of the crew falls into step behind her. "Speaking of the devil." Jasper says playfully, dodging Alice's blows when she reaches for him. "I was starting to think you wouldn't show." Alice makes a face at my statement, as if I'm insane for suggesting that she'd miss this party. She plops down on the loveseat that's positioned crosswise from us. Jacob sits beside her and James sits on the arm. Rosalie and James fight for the empty spot on the recliner. Emmett decides to remain standing. "I'd be crazy not to come." Alice replies. "I made bets on who Lauren would end up fucking tonight." "That's brilliant." I throw my head back and laugh rambunctiously, it rumbles out my belly and shakes the entire house. The others chuckle with me. "We should make wagers right now." We all shift our eyes to the left. Lauren and Jessica are still huddled together begging for attention, pretending that groping each other in time with the music is actual dancing. Their sweaty hands are all over each other. I can tell they've been drinking and smoking. They're so discombobulated and clumsy-looking that I fear one of them may topple over. What's making it worse is that they genuinely believe they look sexy. I turn back and face Alice with a knowing expression. We both take our time surveying our group, lingering on the boys who've been known to fall for Lauren's charm. Edward, Jasper, and James have all slept with Lauren Mallory. Together and on separate occasions. She's the only girl in Forks who takes pride in having a promiscuous reputation. I think the fact that she doesn't care what people think of her is what makes her appeal so striking. "I bet twenty it's going to be James." I say challengingly, causing James's dark-blue eyes to glow. All five of the boys are known to be friendly with the ladies, but out of them all, James is the one who has absolutely no boundaries. He's fucked Lauren, Jessica, and Lauren's cousin Angela numerous times. The three girls are best friends and run in the same clique, which is hilarious considering how sprung they all are over James. He doesn't care that he's caused competition within their friendship. James barely gives any girl an afterthought when he's finished with them. That's the way he's always been. Unreachable. Untouchable. I flash him a teasing smile, to which he gobbles right up. "She's your favorite, huh James?" "After a while, they all seem the same." Emmett and Jacob laugh in response, I roll my eyes, and James shrugs. Alice continues going down