While the back story will be mostly cannon, there are slight differences which diverge more as it goes on. This will eventually be a Bella and Jasper story. I expect there to be character deaths, violence, the Volturi, human blood drinking, swearing, and mature content. Only saying this once, so pay attention: I do not own twilight. This is fanfiction, meaning the characters and situations are merely borrowed by me (the fan) for my own amusement and not for profit. (Prologue) The Cullen family threw a Birthday party for Bella's 18th birthday which resulted in her cutting her finger. Jasper and Edward struggled with their bloodlust, Jasper having to be hauled out of the house by Emmett and Rosalie. Edward flung Bella away from him and into a table full of plates, making the situation even worse. He then fled the room to escape the scent. Even Esme and Alice had to leave the room, leaving Carlisle to tend to her wounds. Edward made the decision to break up with Bella, fearing that it was too dangerous to allow vampires to be involved in her life any longer. Jasper still hadn't returned to the house, confused and deeply ashamed of his actions, so he was not involved in the conversation that followed. Alice wasn't able to tell what would happen because too many decisions had to be made, so was indecisive. Rosalie had always wanted this outcome so was quick to agree with Edward. Emmett was forced to go along with his mate, even though he hated the thought of leaving Bella behind. Carlisle and Esme agreed to go only because they were under the impression that Edward would be compelled to return for Bella eventually when he had calmed down. The family believed that Edward would explain the reason for their leaving to Bella and give her letters they had written with their contact information should she need or want to talk to them. Instead, Edward broke her heart and left her with no way to contact her vampire family, burning the letters. She became lost in the woods and was found by a member of the Quileute tribe, Sam, who was also the Alpha of the wolf pack. Bella saw Sam in wolf form that night and made the connection to the legend Jacob had told her when she first moved to Forks. Because of the almost immediate involvement of the shape shifters, Alice was not able to see very much of Bella in her visions. She never had a vision about Victoria trying to get revenge and Edward stayed with the Cullens instead of going off on his own to attempt to track her himself. Bella was catatonic for about a week after Sam found her, coming out of it when Renee flew up to try to get her to move to Florida with her and Phil. She snapped out of it and finally started to respond again. She refused to leave, which drove a wedge between her and her mother, whose relationship had already begun to unravel since Bella moved to Forks. Charlie was so worried about leaving Bella home alone while he worked that he insisted she stay at Billy's during the day, often with Jacob spending the night on the Swan's couch keeping Bella under almost constant supervision. Bella didn't return to school, opting to test out instead and receive her diploma by mail. The school board allowed it due to her high grades in the past. Slowly Bella recovered with the help of Jake who became her best friend. When he began to shift, she was his rock and because of her support he was able to enjoy it instead of resenting it. He realized that the crush he had on her at one point was just a crush. The fact that she wasn't his imprint helped him realize that he couldn't put his best friend through the pain that Sam, Emily, and Leah had to deal with and he accepted it. (Bella) Being on the rez helped. There were no reminders here, nothing to force me to face the memories. Nothing could make me forget about the hole in my chest though. The hole inside me when he left. When they left. Even Jacob hadn't been able to get me to talk about it. It just hurt too much still. The jagged edges of it still cracked and bled at the slightest provocation. I wondered if I would ever get to a place where I could deal with it. I knew I'd never be healed, but just being able to deal could be enough, I think. I watched the sun setting into the ocean from my seat on a large drift-wood log. It was my favorite spot to sit with Jake, but he had to patrol with the pack today. There had been some missing hikers reported lately. The pack said they could smell cold ones, and the bodies... well Jake didn't want to tell me much more, but even with his russet complexion he looked a bit green. I decided not to press him for details. I had enough nightmares of my own to deal with. Without him here with me, I couldn't enjoy the sunset, I was lonely. I hated how dependent I had become on my friend. Why couldn't I be okay on my own anymore? I felt like less than a person since... Edward ...left me behind, discarded and used up. I cringed, even thinking his name was hard. I had only recently been able to achieve that. Jacob kept telling me I should let the pain out, that it was only festering like a puss-filled boil. I snorted to myself, he had quite the way with words. I felt guilty about hiding so much from my friends in the pack. I don't know why I didn't tell the pack all I knew about vampires, especially now that there was a vampire or vampires attacking people in the forests far to close to Forks. I suppose, even with all that had happened, even with how wronged I felt, I still had some absurd sense of loyalty to the Cullens. Part of it was procrastination. Once I told my friends everything, I would have to start facing the future again. These past few months I hadn't thought of what to do next, just existing day to day. After being made aware of the world of vampires, there was no going back. Not just because I didn't see the world through the same eyes, but there was the law to think of. There were serious implications to everyone I loved, but for now, it was safe enough to drift. Or it had been safe, until the world of vampires started to intrude once again on my bubble of denial. The sun finished its journey into the ocean and I got up, deciding to head back to the Black's house before it got too cold on the beach. I rubbed the crescent shaped scar though the sleeve of my shirt as I walked. The skin was a few degrees colder than the skin on the rest of my arm. I had been careful to keep it covered at all times, I wasn't ready to tell that story and I was sure that if the pack got a look at my scar, they wouldn't let me off the hook until I did. Luckily in Forks the weather made it possible to wear long sleeves nearly year round without getting funny looks. I let myself in the house, the screen door slamming behind me. The Black's house was small like Charlie's, but it was comfortable. The entry opened into a small dining area that had a square table and chairs in it. The kitchen was open, a peninsula separating it from the rest of the room. There was enough space for Billy to maneuver his chair around, but not a whole lot of extra. The appliances were old, but still worked and that was all that mattered in the end. Billy and Jake were quintessential bachelors, and never much for living fancy besides. The living room held Billy's newest baby, a brand new flat screen TV that everyone pitched in on and got him for Christmas. I think Santa Claus became real again in his eyes when he opened that present. Charlie had been spending a lot more time at Billy's since then to watch sports with his friend. The two men had been friends forever, since before I had been born, but over the last few months had gotten even closer. There were only two bedrooms, the family had to move to a smaller home after Billy's accident because of medical bills. Billy's room had its own bathroom, which was specially modified for the disabled. The main bathroom off the kitchen which was for company and Jake wasn't fitted for Billy and they couldn't afford to fix up both. The other bedroom was Jake's. Back when his sisters were still living at home, Jake used to sleep on a pull out couch in the living room and had to keep his stuff in boxes. His bedroom walls were still a pinkish peach color, but he was just happy to have privacy finally, not bothered about the decor. "That you Bella?" called Billy from the living room. "Yep, just me." I answered back. "Good, what's for dinner?" he asked, rolling himself into the kitchen with a small smile. I laughed, picking up a dish towel and smacking him with it. I think part of the reason Billy was so glad to have me around was the food. It had been a long time since the kitchen in the Black household had been used for anything more substantial than TV dinners. I didn't mind cooking, it kept my mind occupied. Usually I'd make dinner here for the guys, then take home some for Charlie and I to eat when he picked me up at the end of his shift. My truck had finally kicked the bucket and I just didn't care enough anymore about my image to be embarrassed about riding in the cruiser. After all, I was the girl that lost it over a break-up. Doesn't get much more pathetic than that. Who knew that all it would take to cure me of my blushing was to have my heart ripped out of my chest by my vampire boyfriend? I still did blush on occasion, but it took a lot to force the reaction from me now. I made a deal when Charlie first started leaving me here during the day with Jacob. The leftovers were his to polish off as long as the dishes were done by the time I came back. He agreed to it quickly after tasting my cooking. The wolves ate like they were starving due to their higher metabolism. It was a wolf thing. "Don't know yet. How about lasagna?" I asked. "Garlic bread?" he asked hopefully. "Of course! How else are we going to keep the vampires away?" I quipped back. Billy scowled at me. "I wish you wouldn't joke about the cold ones, they are evil." I pulled a large dish from the cupboard and set it on the counter. I kept my eyes down, feeling his gaze on me as I tapped my fingers along the edges of the pan. "I know more about them than you think Billy," I said slowly, looking up at his serious face from under my lashes. "I've seen things that make your legends look like sweet dreams, but I've also seen things that were good and selfless." I paused, not sure how to continue. "The world isn't made of black and white, I won't judge anyone or anything based on what they are." I looked out the window where Jake had just come out of the woods, wearing only cut-offs. He called a goodbye to one of the other