Author's Note : I know, I have enough works in progress that never seem to get done. This idea, though, caught the muse, or should I say the muse for this story caught me? In any case this is the story of what happens when certain family from Devonshire moves to Surrey, right next to the playground where Harry and Dudley play just before their seventh birthdays. I'd like to thank the following for their feedback with this story: Brad Coleman, Nyla Filch , Matt Arnold, thecaineone, Alysson deMerel, dap, jdleanard88, Jonas33, Shalon Wood, meteoricshipyards, and the irreplaceable Jim Trigg . In particular Alysson gave me my ending what next spiel. Chapter One: A light feather Standing just to the South of the public playground near Magnolia Crescent in Little Whinging, Surrey was a house that could only be described as a manor house. It was a stately red brick structure, which some classified as a Scottish baronial style. The fifteen bed and bath, with all the requisite state rooms and some rather nice extras like an indoor pool, had been unoccupied for almost seven years. Many suspected that since most of the land had been sold off in the fifties to create the many family homes like the ones off Privet Drive, it had been cursed. At one time, the owners had been quite well known, if a bit eccentric, in both Greater and Little Whinging. If you listened to the widow Arabella Figg off Wisteria Walk, who seemed to know all about them, you'd certainly feel that you missed something. Abdon Prewitt had sold off most of the land, but kept Cackle Hall itself. He had apparently been some big wig in a ministry, the rumor had been that he worked in the Ministry of Defense, but no one had ever confirmed it. Everyone called his wife Angelicia a witch, but only in the best possible way. Together they were known for their charity. It had been said that many of the first residents of the nearby streets were only able to afford due to the generosity of the Prewitts. The Prewitts had four children, Timothy, Fabian, Gideon, and Molly. Timothy had died in the war, the victim of the Blitz. Molly had run off with a boy who she'd attended boarding school with. Rumor was that her father had arranged for him to become a minor functionary in the Home Office. Fabian and Gideon had both been police officers, and had died in the line of duty. If the Widow Figg was to be believed, they were ambushed by five gang members in Bristol. Just two weeks later, tragedy struck the family again, when both Abdon and Angelicia were found mysteriously dead, sitting in the Library. Officer Krupke told everyone that it was the strangest thing he'd ever seen. It was as if they'd been scared to death by what they read, and it wasn't that scary of a book. Widow Figg thought they had been murdered, but in that no one agreed with her. Who would kill such good people as the Prewitts, after all? Of course, Widow Figg wasn't in the best of health, and was the local crazy cat lady. In fact, just a week ago, the widow had fallen and broke her leg. She was now recuperating in Bath, it was said. Her theories might not be the best. But it had been seven years, and no one had moved into the manor. So it was to the great surprise of many that an old Ford Angela pulled up and disgorged a half dozen young red headed boys, followed by woman to match. It was obvious that they were hers, as was the youngest, a daughter who had apparently rode in on her lap. The door seemed to open for the woman, and after a moment, the rumor mill was running at light speed. Molly Prewitt was back at Cackle Hall, and had brought her children. Harry Potter had no idea who Molly Prewitt was, nor her family. He'd wondered a bit about the abandoned manor house's couple times, but the thoughts had been fleeting, due to much the same reason as his current condition. Harry Potter was running. He looked back as he reached the playground. He might have gotten away, but Harry kept running. He knew that if he got near the edge of the manor's grounds, and hid there, his cousins would loose interest in chasing him. "What cha' running from?" Harry looked to the side, spotting a young red headed girl matching his stride. "I'm trying to keep away from my cousin and his friends who want to beat me up." "Why?" "Don't know. They always want to beat me up." "Want to hide at my new place?" the girl said. "They won't follow you theer, if I let you in." "Where?" Harry asked. He was always looking for a new place to hide. "Follow me!" the girl said, picking up the pace enough to pass him. Harry followed the smaller girl, ducking in between two fence posts where the fence types changed. He was pretty sure that there was no way that Dudley would be able to get between the chain link fence and the wrought iron spires capped with intertwined dragons. He barely fit. Then the two of the hid behind a tall stone post, as Dudley pounded by with his friends. The girl giggled after they passed. "Come on," she said. "Mum will want to meet you?" "Why?" Harry asked. "Mum always wants to meet my friends," the girl said. "You don't want to be my friend," Harry said sadly. Offering to be his friend was always were everything started to turn against the six-year-old. "Dudley always beats up any one who even thinks about being my friend." He started to turn away. "I want to be your friend," the girl replied with such force that Harry had to meet her gaze again. "I want to join you flying to the moon and fighting dragons! Dudley won't be able to beat me up. Not with the twins around. They won't dare to go against Fred and George." "Did someone invoke our names?" another voice said before a pair of identical twins with the same color of hair as the girl, though somehow it wasn't as fiery as the nimbus around the girl. "Hopefully not in vain," the other twin said. "Perhaps our sister has need of our services, Fred?" "I thought you were Fred, George," the other said. "She doesn't seem to need us at the moment." "Indeed, in fact if I see the signs, Ginny appears to have recruited a professional hero, defeater of dark lords, basilisks, werewolves, dementors, and other assorted seriously evil creatures." George said, at least Harry thought it was George. "Why, if the books are to believed, he even will fly her to the moon," Fred said. "I'm no hero, I'm just Harry," Harry replied. George reached over and flipped Harry's bangs up, revealing the lightning shaped scar that Harry always tried to hide. "Bright green eyes, the scar, looks just like the picture of his father that mum has," George said. "You have to be the hero, Harry Potter," Fred announced. "Accept no substitutes ... at least for our sister's bedtime stories." "How did you know my name?" Harry asked. "Mum told us," George said. "It's why we moved from the Burrow into Laughing Manor." "It's not called that, Fred," Ginny said. "Mum told you that it's Cackle Hall." "I'm Fred," Fred said. "Any way, Mum said Dumbledore said you needing looking after. So we moved." "But I'm just Harry," Harry repeated, his thoughts spilling out. "No one cares about me. No one knows me. I'm barely even in school. I'm just Harry." "No, you're not," Ginny said. "You're Harry Potter, a hero! That's what Mum and Dad always called you. Come on, Mum will tell you." Harry found himself being dragged towards a side door of Cackle Hall, his mind still stuck on the thought that he might be something more than the slave of the Dursley's. Molly Weasley had come to the conclusion that she really should have at least checked on the house she'd grown up in after her parents and twin brothers died. She had inherited it, after all. She didn't really need the place though. The Burrow in Devon was quite suitable for the family. It was a bit crowded, but she enjoyed her simple life as a Devonshire housewitch. Once she cleaned up the place, Cackle Hall would be quite a bit for the family, and the place did need quite a bit of cleaning up. Only the Master Bedroom, her old bedroom, and the bedroom that had been her oldest brother's was really useable at the moment. Arthur had moved all the boys beds to Timothy's old room last night. She figured it would be a few days before each of the boys could move into their own rooms. She'd set Ginny up in her old room, which at twenty-eight by almost eighteen feet could fit Ginny's old room five times. It was really too much of a room for the girl, especially at her age, but it was close and clean, which was more than she could say for her old bathroom. Molly had not cleaned her bathroom properly before she eloped with Arthur and it showed. As she finished cleaning the family room across from the kitchen she tallied what she had done and still needed to do. The kitchen was done, and Percy was doing a yeoman's job on the library, in between getting caught by some book he just couldn't resist reading. Bill had just come in from mowing the lawn with the old reel mower, and was properly rehydrating and cooling himself in the kitchen. Hopefully he wouldn't set that room back on the cleaning list. The Reception Hall and Entry Hall were clean. She looked through the passage to the Garden Room. It looked like Charlie was doing a good job there. There was a lot of work to do on the First Floor, and the Top floor was completely untouched. The Weasley's didn't really need to live in a fifteen bedroom manor, but it was Molly's by right, and Molly was determined, now that she had seen the place, that it wasn't going to fall into disrepair. Fortunately only about seven years had passed since her parents and twin brothers had died, so it wasn't too bad. She did dread cleaning out the old servants wing. That really hadn't been used since her grandparent's day, and most of those servants had been hired for show, given that the Pewwitts were practically the muggle nobility of the area of Surrey around Cackle Hall. A cat darted into the room and transformed into Molly's old Transfiguration Professor. "Ginny, and your twins are on their way with Harry," Minerva McGonagall announced. "It appears that young Mister Dursley is currently engaged in a pastime known as Harry hunting. Your son Ron rather neatly worked with Ginny to separate the bunch." "Where is Ron now?" Molly asked. "On top of the monkey bars, I believe," Minerva said. "Shall I act as the concerned governess and retrieve him?" "Yes, he needs to meet Harry too, if we're going to carry this plan off," Molly said. Minerva swept out of the room as Molly's gaze swept around the room. She was going to bring her rocking chair to this room, but otherwise the furniture would do. Living as a Devonshire farm-witch was a lot different role than she was going to have to step back into. She at least had some experience, unlike Arthur and her children. Ron Weasley sat on top of the monkey bars, knowing that the big boys had him trapped. He'd figured out most of their names. Dudley was the fat kid directing things. Piers was the hawk nosed