AN: Sorry for not updating my other story, Prince of Princes, but here is something I thought of while making the latest chapter. I hope this tides you little biscuits for a little while more. Thanks, and have fun reading! Leave a review on some more one-shots I should do. Choices, Dear Perseus And All Their Consequences Hazy. Everything was hazy, out of focus. I looked up and blinked, trying to clear my vision. Slowly, I could see my surroundings. I was in a chair, rope tied around my wrists and ankles. My hair was sticky with blood. My blood. The room i was in was dark and dusty, with nothing but wall to wall concrete. This was bad, very bad. "Help!" I tried calling, my voice crackling. I recoiled in pain, trying to rub my throat with my hand only to be stopped by rope. "HELP!" I shouted again, this time louder. It felt like sandpaper running down my esophagus, but i shouted again and again. After a while, I realised no one could hear me. 'Or no one cared.' I decided not to listen to myself, and focus on escaping. The bonds on my wrist were digging into my flesh, and anytime I moved they rubbed viciously against my skin. I tried pulling against them, using all my strength, but they didn't budge. I sighed, exasperated, and looked at my surroundings once more. Now that I looked closer, I noticed one section of wall was a slightly different color than the rest of the grey concrete. I shifted in my chair, causing it to move slightly. 'Interesting.' I thought. I shook my body from side-to-side, making the chair scoot forward slightly with each shift. Soon enough, I found myself at the different colored section of wall. Up close, it was easy to see that the section of wall was a door. "But then, where is the knob?" I asked myself. Taking a chance, I rocked back in my chair. When I had a good distance, I surged forward and smashed into the door. With luck from the gods, it opened with a resounding 'click'. "What the hell?" A man, dressed in what looked like a guard's outfit, entered the room with confusing written all over his face. Until, his eyes landed on me, breathing heavily and looking absolutely pissed off. "Oh shit." Without another word, he went down as I launched into his abdomen. With the weight of the chair combined with my body, the guard fell hard and hit his head on the ground with a sickening crack. I was on my side, laying next to the guards unconscious body, and had the stupidest grin on my face. With a little bit of observation skills, I saw the keys on his belt. With nimble fingers that stretched far past their intended point, I grabbed the keys with a victorious laugh. Using one of the many bronze keys, I cut through my bindings and stood, rubbing my wrists. "Now what?" I asked myself, once again. I thought of my options. I was in some sort of facility, judging by the amount of keys there were many more rooms meaning it was a large building. 'I could sneak through the building and outside, bring the police here. But how would I…' my eyes zeroed in on the unconscious guard, and a smile crept up my lips. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx With my new outfit, coming with not only a set of keys but a flashlight, pair of handcuffs, hand-held walkie talkie, and a fully loaded pistol, sneaking was barely necessary. Even though I matched the rest of the guards, I took caution and avoided most if not all of the other guards. I checked my name tag, not taking any chances if someone addressed me. 'Zhang, Frank. Why does that sound so familiar?' I ignored it for now, and headed in the direction of several signs. Once there, I studied each carefully. 'Medical Wing, Main Guard Posts, Dormitories, Cells, Offices… Jesus, do these guys have their own theme park too?' I searched the list, reading it twice to make sure I got the right directions. I started walking toward the guard posts, a plan forming in my mind. First, I'm going to need more than a single clip of ammo and, hopefully, some form of armor from bullets and other such things. After about another fifteen minutes and three turns, I reached the guard posts. To the left, three doors labeled 'Lockers & Changing Rooms'. On the right, two doors led to two different locations: the first labeled 'Armory' and the second 'Conference Room'. I checked the armory first, and found exactly what I was looking for. The room was small, and contained three sets of weapon racks and a shelf with ammo bags. Grabbing a bag, I filled it with about fifteen clips and some flashbang grenades. I also found a Kevlar bullet-proof vest, and slipped that on over my guard uniform. I looked over the other weapons, taking a shotgun and strapping it over my shoulder while putting several shells in the duffle. I left the armory, and went directly into the conference room. Only to be met with two guards, each facing the opposite way with bored expressions. "Underwood? Did ya get that coffee yet?" one asked, not turning around. I froze, not saying a word as I slowly drew out my pistol. I aimed at the one on the left, picking up a nearby couch cushion for suppression. Just as the one who talked turned around, I squeezed the trigger and fired three shots into his chest. The gunshots made a short 'piff' noise due to the cushion, but the damage was the same. Three flowers of crimson blossomed on the guards white shirt, and the look on his face showed that it couldn't be anything but blood. "Jesus Christ!" the other guard yelled, seeing his comrade fall to the ground. We locked eyes, his terrified blue and my emotionless green. Before he could draw his own pistol, I shot two more rounds into his leg. "Shit!" he shouted in pain, falling to the ground. I pounced, taking the weapon from his belt and adding it to my bag. "Where am I?" I asked, turning back to the scared man. "Look man, I don't know who you are or what you want, but I will give you whatever you want. Just don't kill me!" I rolled my eyes, grabbing his collar and bringing him closer. "Where. Am. I?" He shuddered and stammered out an answer. "I-In the O-Olympus Resource L-Laboratory Facility." I frowned deeply, before aiming my gun at his head. "Wait! No, I helped y-" he was cut off by the bullet piercing his skull, effectively silencing the poor guard. Blood dripped onto the perfectly white tiles, and a coppery scent filled the room. I had to leave, and fast, before anymore guards showed up. Before I left, I grabbed a map of the facility. As I sprinted down the hallway, I studied the map and carefully created the rest of my plan. 'In the far north of the building, there are the Main Gates. To get past there, I need a keycard that only are kept in the offices in the south wing. To get there, I need to cut through the cells and probably several guards.' My mind was full of information by the time I reached the first guard. He looked almost identical to the last guard I had to get rid of, except maybe a little taller. "Hey, what's happening? Is there a lockdown?" I ignored his question, running up and snapping his neck in one fluid motion. His limp body fell to the ground with a dull 'thump'. I dragged it into a supply closet, using the set of keys I had to open the door and lock it closed again. As I moved further down the hall, I tried to remember the armory. Including the shotgun on my back, there were fifteen total weapons in the armory: five shotguns, seven pistols, two M16 machine guns, and a sniper rifle. I had taken the only Kevlar vest, which meant someone else had more. In total, there had to be around thirty, thirty-five guards in the entire facility. Including the guards already dead, that meant that somewhere around twenty-eight guards were still wandering these halls. That was not good, but I could tell that I was prepared to do what I need to get out of this hell. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The change from cells to offices was noticeable by every meaning of the word. Instead of the normal white tile floor, the office wing had brown carpeted floors. The doors were no longer concret, but wooden and embroidered with names of different people who work at the Olympus Research Laboratory Facility. At the very end of the hallway I found the biggest of all the offices, owned by a Mrs. Castellan. I opened the unlocked door, walking into the well-kept room. An oakwood desk and red leather chair greeted me, piles of papers covered the desk in an unnaturally unorganized manner, considering the borderline OCD level cleanliness. I moved to the desk, checking each drawer for a keycard. Nothing. I growled in frustration, pulling an entire drawer out and throwing it on the ground. "Fucking bupkis." A gasp sounded from the doorway, and without a word I swiveled around and pulled my pistol out. The noise originated from a blonde woman with stormy grey eyes and tan skin. "Just who the hell are you?" She asked, more angry than scared despite the situation. I glanced at a picture on the desk, seeing the same blonde woman with an equally blonde man with blue eyes and a scar. "I'm guessing you are Mrs. Castellan?" It seemed that this was the first time she noticed the gun, as her eyes widened and her mouth opened up to scream. "Don't." I said, cocking the pistol. She narrowed her eyes, closing her mouth. "You wouldn't. I know your type. You come in, act all big and powerful, threaten innocent people for government secrets, when really all you are is a coward. You don't have the-" the ringing gunshot cut her off, as a new addition to the room was made in the space right next to her head. Mrs. Castellan looked shocked, horrified, and downright scared. "No no, go on." I said sarcastically, aiming my gun at her midsection. She shuddered and slowly raised her hands into the air. For some reason, I felt hesitant to kill her. That was weird, given that I felt next to nothing for all the other lives I had taken. Something in the back of my mind was shouting at me not to kill her, but protect her with my life. "Now, see here mister." She started, but I didn't let her finish. In a blur of color, I knocked her unconscious. I looked at her sleeping form, almost lost in her beauty. I shook my head. 'Not the time.' I inspected her closely, before smiling. I leaned down and plucked the plastic card from her belt. "Nice." I said, before walking out the door. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The halls were far more packed than last time I was here, and that was only about twenty minutes ago. I looked around the corner once more, taking note of the guard that had no clothes on at all, except for a pair of underwear and socks. 'It seems our own Frank Zhang has awoken from his slumber.' I thought, reloading my pistol. I took the single bullet left in the last clip out and slipped it into my pocket for later use. Another look. 'One, two three… seven total.' I counted. This was not good. Sure, taking on two would be easy, three a challenge, and four a problem, but those were different. Seven guards, each one had a pistol except for Zhang and two