Prologue: The End Right here on my deathbed? Well. I might die within a few weeks - hell, any day now, but I don't see why not. "So you're finally gonna tell me about your childhood, grandpa?" Hey, look. I don't have much time here left, and you're all the family I have. Not my wife, your great-grandma, nor your grandparents, nor your parents, nor any relatives distant or close, to speak of. And all my friends have been dead even before your grandparents were born. Stay with me, I need all the companionship I'm left with right now. I'm not afraid of dying - I'm 93. I have lived through every single event in this godforsaken nation, and frankly, if I am to live longer - if ever there's a full-blown rebellion breaking throughout the whole country, I'll probably die in the ensuing war. Of course, only if this goddamn cancer doesn't get me within the next few weeks. Anyways, just stay with me. Please. And maybe I'll tell you my story. "I'd still rather you'd not die, grandpa. We've been living in this house my whole life, and when you go...well, I'm only 14. I know it can't be helped, but...I really wish I wouldn't have to grow up so lonely. You're my only family, and I barely have friends in school. I know I am kind of a loner, but those few people close to me, I care about them so much. My girlfriend, my best friend, my buddies, you especially, I can't see myself being away from them." Hey, it's still a good thing you have those you love. Yeah, you're kinda picky with the people you befriend, but still. Better a few deep relationships rather than a ton of shallow ones, yeah? "Well, yeah," At least you still have friends. Your best friend, Victor? Great kid to be with, despite the fact that he isn't an actual victor. Your girlfriend Luna, she's pretty, and real intelligent. Heh, you should marry her. Your three other buddies, what's their names? Hercules, uh...that rich kid named Majesty, and...I forgot the last one...who's the other girl? Not your girlfriend, of course. "Andromeda?" Yeah, now I remember. My god, the parents of this generation pick the stupidest names. "What does 'god' mean?" You don't know what that means? God, so much things from my generation have been lost. The word god is a very ancient word, way before the 'apocalypse' that happened way before Panem even existed. You know what religion is, right? "Some old belief in imaginary beings that would reward you if you do good and punish you if you do bad, and help you in bad times, that sort, as long as you do...uh...what's the word for that?" Worship. God is a catch-all term for these imaginary beings. "So you believe in that? They don't teach us anything at all about it at school, and neither do I know anyone who believes in such," I used to. I used to believe in things like going to a land of eternal happiness when you die a good person, or suffering eternal torturous punishment if you die an evil person. And that God cares for each and every person created upon this world of his creation. That he helps them in their time of need, begets the good of people with good, punishes the evil, and leads their way through their lives if they have faith in him. "And what made you stop believing?" ...everything. Look, my wife is dead, my children and grandchildren are dead, my friends are dead. Other than you, my sole remaining great-grandchild, every single person I have ever loved or cared about is dead. I'm the only person from my generation I know, and I'm dying a slow death in a world that is completely different from my time. I am a forgotten relic of a time gone by, suffering liver cancer after trying to drink away the pain of my life too much. I've been through the Dark Days, where I lost all those whom I loved, and the Capitol has done nothing but rub its victory of that bygone war and the destruction of my life in my face. I have wasted 75 years of living knowing that the Capitol has destroyed me and everything I've ever stood for. And now I'm going to die destroyed. God never helped me in my time of need, never cared for those I love, and never did anything about all the evil of those who run this nation. Each and every person that starves to death, or gets executed, simply adds to one thing I believe: that there is nothing out there but this pitiful reality of life, where the only supreme being is a modern Babylon that gleefully feeds on the suffering of those who were unluckily born to be its slaves. "Well, how exactly did all this happen, grandpa? I mean, how'd the Capitol do all this, to everyone and to you especially?" Well, I guess I can start telling you about the Panem of my time. Maybe a background on it. "I'm listening," Alright then. During my childhood Panem used to be a completely different place. Of course they teached you about how Panem rose from the ashes of a bygone civilization to form a new beginning, until the Dark Days occured and now the districts must be punished for their transgressions. A lot of stuff about the olden days are gone. Schools nowadays are nothing more than places for propaganda, indoctrination and misinformation so that the Capitol can mold and subjugate its citizens in any manner they please, and keep the people ignorant about the past and make them feel hopeless. Perhaps they teach more about Panem's real history at the Capitol, but if anything, they'd make sure the districts remain ignorant of their history. "So what kind of country Panem was back then? Was it a lot richer?" A bit. And infinitely more freer too. Hell, I studied in the Capitol until the rebellions started and I had to head back here to District 2. Anyways, this is what I remembered from my history classes back then. An unknown number of centuries ago, the world underwent a great chaotic period of chaos, war, and natural disaster, and the society of the ancients basically crumbled. This land was once an ancient civilization called America, but it became nothing more than a land of anarchy, of tons of tiny, unstable, impoverished countries and states warring for whatever resources left for a few centuries, with leftover technology from the ancients, and of a massive change in the world. Nations rose and fell with regularity. Plenty of history was lost. Populations decreased massively. Global temperatures increased, the coasts of America and most of the world was flooded, and perhaps the rest of the world has been mostly, or even completely gone. Panem may be the only country existing right now. Anyways, about a hundred years before the Dark Days, from all the chaos of the post-apocalypse, Panem was formed, headed by a government that preached the ideals of things like communism and socialism and the like, some forms of government that'd be really hard to explain. They would create peace and order in the chaos that was America, and create a united nation between all the people in that time of disorder and disaster. Under them, the economy, how the government and society would function, and all the civic utilities and services provided, were all centrally controlled and managed by the Capitol. It soon led to the creation of the 13 districts, each with an industry that would help keep Panem afloat. Each person was to live frugally, and emphasize the needs of the whole community over selfish gain. Each person received adequate social welfare and services. Everyone would work towards the good of the community. Everything was for society and the country, and to make sure the human race actually survives and rises from all the disasters and chaos of the past. Of course, the opposite's true nowadays; the society emphasizes how the rich and powerful triumph over the starving poor. I guess I could tell you about the districts back then. This was before the Dark Days, by the way. Actually, before what sparked the Dark Days happened. Anyways, in old Panem's heyday, the Capitol was smaller that it is today. Not significantly smaller, but still smaller. The people themselves, though still with a very high standard of living being the capital of the country, were completely different from the mindless, ignorant, uncaring, hedonistic rich of today. It used to be kind of an actually normal city back then, of course with plenty of government stuff, but yeah, normal as far as cities go. Back then people could go around the districts and the Capitol freely. Plenty of people from the districts would migrate there for work or education. The Capitol used to be a really nice city for everyone back then. The districts were poorer, but far from the level of poverty nowadays. Of course, 1, 2, and 4 are still rich enough, but most of the rest used to be far better. And they were quite different, too. District 1 wasn't luxury goods for the Capitol back then, it was more on producing general entertainment distributed to the whole nation. You could get everything there. Quality affordable food and plenty of restaurants for anyone. Movies and video games that nowadays only D1 and the Capitol get. Fashion for everyone. Plenty of music and arts. Resurrected versions of ancient sports. Anything and everything under the sun. Being a small district compared to the rest with only one big commercial city and a lot of land for industry, it used to be the other economic center of the country besides the Capitol. Today it's still is, luckily for them. Still have a good life compared to everyone else, only most of their product is taken away for the Capitol's gleeful consumption. Nowadays there's a big underground scene there that is all anti-establishment. Protest music, underground art, suggestive movies, the like, all to subtly show discontent against the Capitol's oppression and totalitarianism. Tons of people get arrested and abused for it. Or you can just protest in a rally and promptly get shot by Peacekeepers. Those who simply don't want to do anything about it prefer to stay loyal to the Capitol, be content with the wealth they're given, and view the Games as some honor to win. Imagine all the conflicts between the pro-Capitol and anti-Capitol people over there. District 2 was a lot poorer. Not starving poor, but far from the richness of D1, and far from the good middle class life most of D2ers enjoy nowadays due to how so many people here join the military or the Peacekeepers and get good public services as a reward for it. It was kinda like District 12, without the starving people and huge poverty. Nothing but a spacious district littered with tiny mining villages for hundreds of miles around. Very rural. And of course, this was before we became the military center of the country. District 3 used to be just as big as District 1, but less rich. Nowadays if you aren't a research worker, you slave away at the factories. It's way poorer now, and its the reason why people there value education so much. The district's central and only city was nothing but an absurdly enormous sprawl of research facilities, massive manufacturing factories for technological items in general, and a ton of prefabricated high-tech apartments for its populace. The Capitol may be richer, but D3 is way more full of technological stuff. It had everything. A ridiculously complex infrastructure and transit network. Intimidating technological universities with high standards. Plenty of public surveillance. The Internet before it got stuck to D3 and the Capitol only and got heavily censored. Nothing