New Years , the largest celebration in the world. The only two days where it seems like everyone is connected. Party after party. Fireworks, music, and confetti. Happiness and hope. It is an end and a beginning. It is also the only time that Peeta Mellark ever got to see her . The dark haired, grey eyed beauty from the other side of the district. He first noticed her when they were just five years old. It was the first time his parents had allowed him to stay up and attend the annual party... There are so many tall people. There are so many small people. So many people . Peeta had never been in this kind of crowd before. There must be hundreds of them, all gathered for the party of the year at the spectacular Hall of District 12, the nicest and biggest building in the district. Mayor Undersee goes all out for his party. The young boy is quickly ushered off by his mother to the children's area. She tells him that she is going to mingle and that the guards will make sure no one strange takes him. He hugs her legs and tells her to have fun. She pats his blond head with a 'you too' before walking off. Peeta looks around the room nervously for a moment, unsure of what to do in the new space. There are a few children sleeping on mats to the far left corner, but the rest of the room is hard at play. There are boys and girls with cars and dolls, stuffed animals and legos, blocks and dinosaurs. To his right are several small tables, and it is there that he finds one of his friends from school, Delly Cartwright. "Delly!" He runs toward her and she looks up to the sound of her name. She jumps up and meets him with a hug. "Peeta! I'm happy you're here. I've been all alone. I don't know anyone in here." The little blonde girl pouts. Glancing around, the boy finds he is in the same situation. Most of the kids look like they're from the Seam, with dark hair and tan skin, and the few others with fairer features are not in Peeta and Delly's class. "Well...I'm here now!" Peeta grins at her. "What are you doing?" "Drawing." Delly holds up her try at cat playing with yarn. "Do you want to draw with me?" "Okay." He nods and they sit down. She passes him a blank sheet of paper and moves the crayon box so it is situated between them. The two children work together in silence, content to listen to the chatter behind them. Peeta's artistic ability far surpasses that of most other five year olds, and after just ten minutes he has created a decent looking black horse eating from an apple tree. He slides his picture over to his friend. "Pepper." He says with a shy smile. "For you." Delly gasps and her face lights up. "My horse?" He nods. "You did so good Peeta! I love it. Thank you." The girl picks up the paper and smiles at it. "When I get home I'm gonna have my mama put it up on my wall. That's what you do with all the real good pictures. My mama says that they need to be there so everyone can see 'em." Peeta feels proud. No one has ever given him a compliment like that, especially not about his art. "Thank you, Delly. I'm glad you like it." "I do, I do!" She singsongs. "Now I'll do one for you." She places the drawing of her horse on top of her own finished pictures and then grabs a new paper to start working on. Peeta watches her for a moment before starting something new himself. A few minutes later when Peeta has completed the tops of several yellow flowers a sudden burst of laughter causes him to look away from his work. A large man, one with dark Seam features, has just entered the room. In his arms is a giggling blonde toddler. "Daddy! Stop tickling her!" Another young girl enters the room and pulls on the man's pant leg. Peeta's stomach, for the first time, flutters at the sight of her, the girl with two dark braids and a red plaid dress. '"All right, all right." The man chuckles and sets the toddler down. She squeals and runs on wobbly legs to a bin of stuffed animals. The man turns to the older girl. "Will you be okay watching her for a few minutes, darling?" "Yes, Papa!" The girl stands tall and lifts her chin. "That's my girl." He taps her nose affectionately. The girl smiles and walks to her father's backside. She starts to push on his legs. "Now go dance with Mama!" "I'm going!" Her father laughs again, a nice deep rumbling sound, and lets the girl lead him out. Peeta watches her skip over to the blonde toddler who must be her sister. She rifles through the animal bin and pulls out something white and fluffy. "Look, Primmy! It's a bunny!" When her sister reaches her arms out for it, she hands it over happily. She then proceeds to wiggle her nose and hop around. This sends "Primmy" into a fit of giggles. Peeta smiles to himself at the dark haired girl's antics. They seem like they have a nice happy family. He finds himself wishing his brothers would play with him like that. He decides that he will add a bunny rabbit into his drawing of dandelions and give it to the girl when he finishes. "Here!" He's just picked out a black crayon when Delly pushes a paper in front of him. "It's a birdie singing a song for you." The "bird" is pink and green and consists of several circles, feet, and a triangular nose. It sits on a brown line, a tree branch, and there are musical notes around its head. "There is one just like it in my book. My daddy told me that these black things," she points to the notes, "means it's singing." "Thank you, Delly!" He grins at his friend. "I love it. I'm putting it on my wall too." Delly grins right back, but a yawn is quick to break it. The young girl rubs her eyes. "I'm getting sleepy. I think I am gonna go lay down. Will you make me get back up before the midnight thing?" "Sure." Peeta nods. "I'm gonna keep drawing." "'kay." Delly yawns again and makes her way over to a mat. Peeta starts on the rabbit. He's just finished drawing its face when he hears his name called. "Daddy!" Peeta jumps up and runs into his father's waiting arms. Brian Mellark had to tie up some business affairs for the family bakery, and so he couldn't leave for the party with his wife and three boys. "You're here!" "I am." Brian smiles at his youngest son. "What have you been doing, buddy?" Peeta slides down from his father's arms, takes his hand, and pulls him over to the table he has been working at. "It's looking good! Dandelions, and is that going to be a rabbit?" Mr. Mellark is often amazed by the artistic talent of his five-year-old. "Uhuh!" Peeta motions for his dad to come closer and he complies, settling down on his knees. Peeta's tone is as hushed as an excited young boy's can be. "I'm making it for the girl over there. With the two dark braids." Brian scans the room for her and his eyes light up in recognition when he finds her sitting by her sister playing with a stuffed cat. "Do you know who that is, Peeta?" His son shakes his head. "That's the Everdeen girl. Katniss I think her name is. Her mama and I used to be real good friends, I even thought I was going to marry her someday! But then she met Katniss's father, and she was a goner. She ran off to the Seam side of town as soon as she could just to be with him." Peeta blinks. "Wow...but, Dad, why didn't she want to marry you? Why did she marry someone else?" "She is in love with him. You do crazy things when you love people. You want to know something, bud?" "Uhuh." "Her daddy is an amazing singer." Brian shakes his head and smirks. "I'm pretty sure that even the birds stop chirping long enough to listen when he does. The first time she met him he was singing. She was so impressed, couldn't stop talking about it for days. After that I knew she was going to marry him someday, and sure enough... But, hey! If she and I had gotten married, then I would have never married your mama and had you and your brothers." Peeta mulls this over. "Well, I'm glad you married Mom then." "Me too, son." Katniss's father returns before Peeta can finish her drawing. Primmy is sleeping, though, cuddled beside her sister on a beanbag. Her sister tells their father not to wake her up, and that they'll be fine in the kid room until it is time to go home. Mr. Everdeen kisses both the girls' foreheads before leaving the room once more. Peeta sighs in relief. He had panicked when the man came in, afraid he wouldn't be able to give the girl his picture. He gets back to work and gives it his all for another few minutes until it is finally done. Smiling at his creation in his hands, he stands up. He hopes that she will like it. The little blond approaches her beanbag slowly, timidly. Halfway there he notices her mouth moving. Another few steps and he hears that she is singing. The sound makes him freeze. Beautiful . Her small high voice weaved a soothing lullaby with ease. He has never heard a lovelier song. He finds himself wishing that there were birds around, because he knew that if there were they'd be silent. He now understands exactly what his fathering was saying earlier. Peeta waits for her to finish the song. He really doesn't like to interrupt, and he really wanted to hear her sing more. So when her voice fades into a soft hum, he walks the rest of the way to her. "Hi." He says softly, aware of the sleeping toddler. Katniss stops humming and stares up at him. "Hi." "My name is Peeta." He gives her a soft smile. "I'm Katniss." She gives a slight shy smile back. "You can sing really good." Her smile widens. "Thank you." "Um," Peeta brings the paper from behind his back and holds it out to her. "I drew this for you. Katniss takes the paper with her free hand and looks it over. Peeta's face grows red as he waits for her response. She looks up and smiles. "You can draw really good." Peeta beams. She likes it . "Thank you." They stare at each other for a while. Peeta can't figure out what to say. Katniss is content with silence. But soon he feels far too awkward. "My friend, she wanted me to make her get up before the midnight thing. But my dad said I could go out with him, so I gotta go tell her." Peeta looks down and digs his toe into the floor. "Okay." He looks up at the sound of her voice, pretty even when she's not singing. She's smiling again and his own mouth lifts in response. "Have a good night, Peeta. Happy New Year." "You too, Katniss. Happy New Year." He lingers a moment longer, and then heads off in the direction of the mats. Peeta, with a slightly cranky Delly trailing behind, quickly finds his father waiting at the end of the hall, just as he said he would. He's speaking with a couple other grown ups, so Peeta stands