This has been done a few times, I know, but I've never read exactly what I wanted out of this plot. So I decided to give a go at it. "I don't want to go downstairs today." I tell Peeta as he walks into my room. "Oh." He stops short. "All right." He looks back to the door and then to me again. "Do you want-" "Stay." I interrupt. "Please stay." He nods. "I'll stay." I scoot over a bit and pat the space beside me. Mom and Prim are gone today, helping a mother in the Seam take care of her sick child. There's no point in making Peeta carry me up and down stairs without them there to visit. My room is just fine for the two of us. When he settles in beside me I pull his hand onto my lap, trace my fingers over his upturned palm. A few moments pass before he asks me. "Are you okay, Katniss?" No. I'm never okay, and he knows that. I'm not okay with what our lives have turned into, not okay with being used, not okay with Snow's threats hanging over my head, not okay with what I'm doing to Peeta. But he's not asking it like that. He's just asking if it's worse than usual. It's not. "Yeah," I nod and shoot him a small smile, "I'm fine." A few moments pass and I can feel his eyes on me. "You're not telling me something." I sigh. He's caught me. But I have no desire to talk about what I've been thinking, been feeling , all morning. Even the thought of it makes my mouth go dry. So I shake my head and focus on tracing the veins of his wrist into his hand. Peeta waits, and I hate him for it. He doesn't push, but doesn't give up. He gives me my space, but makes his presence known. He knows exactly what he needs to do to make my walls crumble. I try not to give in, I really do, but after a while the silence lets my thoughts grow so loud that I can't hold them in anymore. I look up at Peeta and scowl. "You don't play fair." "What?" He chuckles. "I didn't do anything." "But you did!" I insist, hitting his hand with the back of mine. Peeta raises an eyebrow and smiles. Smirks . And it infuriates me. "Then what did I do?" "You looked at me!" I turn my body fully toward him. His widen and his stupid long eyelashes briefly tangle together as he blinks. "What's wrong with looking at you?" Looking away, I exhale. Why is this so hard for me? I drop his hand and wring mine together. "When you look at me," I start before pausing to search for my next words, "I feel like, I feel like you can see right into me. That you look and know exactly how to get to me." Quiet again. I don't look at him, don't say anything else. "I don't." Finally he speaks. "I try. I want to... But I don't think that I really can unless you let me, Katniss." I squeeze my eyes shut. I don't want to talk about this. But we have to talk about this. We'll both go insane if we don't. "Peeta," I swallow and open my eyes, "that's the thing. I do let you. I... I want you to get to me." I look at him then, feeling so vulnerable and absolutely hating it. And he is shocked, he is confused. "You...what?" I gather up all my courage and look him in the eye when I talk. "I want to let you get to me Peeta. I want you to know me. To understand me." "Why?" He breathes. Which is a very understandable question. Other than Prim, I've never let anyone in before. I've never wanted to. "You make me so confused, Peeta." I tell him, and then the thoughts start pouring out. "I see you and my stomach aches, like I'm hungry, but I'm not. I look at you and I want to know you. While you've been drawing in the Plant Book, I've been trying to ingrain your face into my brain. Because everything you are and everything you do are so beautiful. I think you're beautiful and I don't know why. And I hate it when you're sad, and I hate that I am so often the cause of your sadness. I don't want you to be sad, Peeta. You deserve so much happiness. You, you're a light in this world full of horrible, dark things." I pause and take a shaky breath. "And I feel safe with you. I hate it when you leave every night because I know I won't be okay again until you come back. I look forward to you carrying me every morning because being in your arms washes away the nightmares. Like in the train." I shake my head. "No one else can do that, Peeta." He waits a few moments to make sure I'm done speaking before caressing my cheek with the back of his hand. I close my eyes and lean into his touch. I am drained and scared and so confused. I can't remember the last time I talked for so long without stopping. "Katniss." Peeta says my name like a question, and so I open my eyes for him. I open everything I have to him. "I feel all of this," I say, "and it scares me to death. I don't know what to do." "Why are you scared? I care for you so much, Katniss. I will never hurt you." He looks at me so adoringly, but still trying not to hope too much. I hate what I've done to him, that I've caused him to doubt my every move. "I know, Peeta, I know." The only choice I'm left with to make him see, make him understand, make him believe is to strip myself down and raw. It's the hardest thing I've ever done. In the arena I was reacting, every single thing I did was to survive. This is the opposite of that. This goes against every single survival instinct I have. "I'm scared because I care for you too. I care for you so much that if anything were to ever happen to you," I shake my head, the thought unbearable, "I know, I know that I would shut down. Just like my mother, and I never ever wanted to be that person." Peeta brings his other hand up to cradle my face. "You're so much stronger than her Katniss. But I promise you that I'll do everything in my power to keep myself safe. I'll make sure that nothing ever happens to me." "You can't promise that." "But I can," he smiles, "and I am." He brushes his thumb under my eye to wipe away a tear I hadn't realized had fallen. We just stare at each other for a while, and he looks so happy that I can't help but smile with him. "It'll be okay, Katniss." He assures me. "You deserve to be happy too." And I allow myself to believe it. Peeta and I can be happy. We can be happy together . I do something brave again. "Can I kiss you?" At first he looks at me with disbelief, but then his face lights up and he nods. "Yes, of course. You don't have to ask." He drops his hands so I move closer to him and sit up on my knees. "But for real. Just for you and me." "You still don't have to ask." He whispers as I lean in. "Okay." I whisper back and smile. Then I close my eyes and press my lips to his. And it's warm and sweet like it always is kissing Peeta, but this time it is ours. Which makes it so much better. Even better than that one kiss in the cave that made me want another. Now I want that and so much more. And there is nothing stopping me. My hands snake around his neck to grab the golden hair at the back of his head. Moving my head to the side sightly, I run my tongue across his bottom lip. Peeta lets out a small gasp at that, and whether it is of surprise or pleasure I don't know. I've never done that before; there was no need for us to make our kisses for the Capitol anything other than chaste. But Peeta only hesitates for a moment before he grabs my face in his warm, dry hands and kisses me in earnest. We take our time with the kiss, testing each other out. Lips mold together, tongues sweep out and eventually brush together. And I find that I like it, I like it a lot. I thought I was something of an expert on hunger, but this is something entirely different. At some point Peeta pulls me into his lap, his arms holding my torso flush against his. I revel in the closeness. I want to be completely wrapped up in this boy. I want him to consume me. I want to consume him . Soon kissing is not enough, and I begin to whimper. I want more, but I don't know exactly that is. I do know, though, that I'm on fire. And I'm ready to let it burn me. "Peeta." I breathe his name. He answers me with a moan and a caress of his tongue against mine. I shift in his lap to tilt my head the other way, and that's when I figure it out. I want him , the hardness underneath me, and I want it so much that there is no room for feeling scared or nervous. Peeta gasps when I press against him again, deliberately this time. "Katniss, wha-" His words dissolve into a moan, one that causes his eyes to squeeze shut and his head to tilt back, when I press harder, grinding my hips into his. I decide that it is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. I want to make him look like that again and again. Hips still moving, I lean in and place a kiss on his jaw before I run my tongue along the line of it. I nip where it curves and then drag my lips up to his ear. "Peeta," I gasp, "I want-I, I-" And I can't finish what I want to say because this feels so impossibly good that I can't help but moan. I press my face into Peeta's neck. I never knew that my body could feel so good. Suddenly, he grabs my hips, stilling them. I'm about to voice my discontent at this when he gently pushes me back, so I fall flat on my bed, legs still loosely encircling his waist. He follows me down and rests on his elbows, hovering over me. "Tell me what you want, Katniss." I respond instantly, "You." His eyes narrow, cloudy with lust. But there is also a trace of hesitancy there. "But what do you want from me?" He demands. I shake my head. He still doesn't understand, how can he not understand? "Peeta..." I reach up and stroke his cheek, his lips that are now swollen from our kisses. "Everything." I say. "I want everything." He beams at me. "Oh, Katniss." And then his mouth is on mine and his hips pick up where mine left off and I can imagine nothing better. I let my hands start to roam, unable to keep them still any longer. Down his chest and up his back. I move them back down again and slip my hands under his shirt, needing to feel his skin. His skin, so soft and warm. I pull back and push him away slightly so that I can get his shirt off. There. Before I