'"When we are in love, we are convinced nobody else will do. But as time goes, others do do, and often do do, much much better," ~ Coco J. Ginger The platform basked in a pale crimson glow from the lights reflecting off the red cars of the Hogwarts Express. Smoke billowed around the roof of the train and some smog even travelled down to the platform, causing several adults and children to cough and wave their hands in front of their faces. All around were parents fussing over their children. Some were hugging their parents back while others pushed their moms and dads away in fear of their friends seeing them show actual affection to an adult. Some students were catching up on gossip while others were continuing fights from the previous year. A seventh year student was proudly showing off their new Head Boy badge along with some fifth and sixth years showing off their own Prefect badges. Little eleven year olds were fidgeting, one was even crying. The little first years were looking around in awe whereas the older kids looked mildly amazed. The student's eyes shone with determination to make this year the best yet, whereas the magical parent's eyes clouded over as they reminisced about their own school days. Several redheads were plotting a very sneaky prank and a blond haired family strut around like they owned the place. Some things never really change. Suddenly, a teenage girl gently pushed her trolley between two groups of students. The girl was pretty in a very subtle way with her long chocolate brown hair and eyes of the same shade. She looked around the platform for a moment before spotting the exact person she was looking for. Her eyes lit up when she saw him standing alone with his trolley. The girl sped up and started to jog towards the boy, pushing her things as she went. When she got close enough to him she abandoned her luggage and ran to hug him. The force of her hug almost knocked him over, not that he minded because he was finally reunited with his girlfriend. "I missed you so much, Ro," the boy smiled, his green eyes alive with excitement. He was incredibly handsome standing there with his messy raven hair nearly falling into his emerald eyes, their colour standing out against his still sun-kissed skin. "I missed you too, Al," Rowan whispered. She kissed him softly, wrapping her arms tighter around his waist. They pulled apart a little while later when someone behind them tried to get their attention. It was Al's brother, James. "Well, if it isn't the two lovebirds," James Potter smirked from beside them. The couple wore identical scowls. "At it again, I see." "Yes, James?" Rowan asked with her usual patience. The older boy shrugged and took a step closer to the brunette. He smiled down at her. "Just wanted to know how your summer was," he whispered. Rowan stepped back much to James' disappointment. "It was great, thank you," Rowan answered politely. James gave the brunette another one of his 'charming' smiles. It was times like these when Rowan could see why so many girls crushed on him; he really was handsome. He looked like his brother to a certain extent; same eye shape, same jawline, same messy hair despite the colour being different. James' hair was a dark brown, much like Rowan's except his turned a burnt sienna colour in the sun. His eyes had flecks of gold, green and brown making them seem ever changing, similar to his quicksilver personality, like a kaleidoscope. Another noticeable difference in their eyes was how Al's seemed to hold an air of wisdom, where as James' twinkled with mischief. James had a more muscular build than his brother with broad shoulders and bigger arms, staying true to his beater position on the quidditch team. Albus, on the other hand, had a slimmer, leaner build like the seeker that he was. "I'm glad to hear it," he smiled, his hazel eyes twinkling. "We should get going. See you later, James," Al said, tugging on Rowan's arm. She obeyed, grabbed her trolley and followed her boyfriend towards the train. "At least he's being nice this year," Rowan sighed. "Nice for now. My brother likes to play games, Ro. He's nice one minute and then foul the next. Just be careful because I know how much you like to give people second chances," Albus warned. Rowan nodded, giving her bigger items to one of the station workers keeping a small truck with her school robes. She quickly snatched up her charcoal grey cat, Phoebe, before she got taken away with Rowan's books and clothes. "Where are your parents?" Rowan asked, hoping to change the subject. Phoebe purred softly and snuggled into the girl's neck. Rowan smiled and rubbed her cheek on her kitten's soft head. The cat had been her 15th birthday present from Al a little over a year ago. "I already said bye. You?" "Same. They were in a hurry so they didn't even come through the barrier this year. Dad doesn't really like it anyway," Rowan sighed, thinking of her father who found walking through a wall incredibly creepy, him being a muggle and all. "Well, I have to go. Duty calls," Albus smiled, holding up his Prefect badge. Rowan nodded and went to go find her other friends. Rowan sat curled up in the corner of the small train compartment, huddled over her notebook. She was writing, concentrating so hard that her tongue poked out from the corner of her mouth. When she was finished she put the small leather book beside her. Rowan looked up at the redheaded girl across from her who was reading intensely. The girl's hair was a deep red, the colour of red velvet cake and her crystal blue eyes shone with excitement as she read. Her hair was long, almost reaching her mid back, and it kept getting in her way, causing her to brush it away constantly. "Rose?" Rowan said in a singsong voice. The redhead kept reading, not necesarily ignoring her friend, simply too caught up in her own world to notice. "Oh Rose," Rowan tried again, this time waving her hand in Rose's face. The redhead jumped, nearly hitting her head on the shelf above the seats, before placing her precious book beside her. "Sorry, Ro. I'm just brushing up on potions," she apologized, gesturing to a copy of Advanced Potion Making beside her, "You know how it's my worst subject." Rowan rolled her eyes at her genius friend. "It's your worst subject, but you still manage to get second in your class," Rowan scoffed. "After you. You're the best at potions in our year, maybe the whole school," Rose pointed out. "It's the only subject I excel in," Rowan shrugged, trying to seem nonchalant while secretly hiding her smug smile. She loved being the best at something, even though it didn't happen often in school, because of her competitive and ambitious nature. It was a complete mystery why she didn't end up in Slytherin. "Anyways, what were you writing about?" Rose asked, pointing to the notebook beside her best friend. "Oh, just anything that comes to mind. I'll write a book someday," Rowan answered, her eyes sparkling at the thought of her dream. Rose was about to comment, when two boys came charging into the compartment. It was James and his cousin/best friend/partner-in-crime, Fred. "Hello, ladies," James smiled. Rose smiled back, but Rowan decided to ignore him. James strode over and sat down beside her, slinging his arm around her shoulders. Rowan tried to shy away from him, but she was stuck between the wall and James. "C'mon, sweetheart, you can't hate me forever," James whispered. "I don't hate you. You're just a bit too much sometimes," Rowan sighed, pushing him off her. James decided it was best to stop and he promptly moved over. He saw the notebook on the seat and so because he was James Potter, the biggest insufferable prat to ever set foot at Hogwarts or the planet for that matter, he grabbed it. "Oh look, it's about me," he grinned. Rowan rolled her eyes. "In your dreams, James. " She snatched the book from his hands. "Precisely." Al entered the compartment with his little sister trailing behind. The younger girl jumped onto the eldest Potter, causing him to groan. "That's what you get for leaving me on the platform. I was talking to you!" Lily Potter yelled. "Merlin, you are an awful big brother," Fred joked. James just scowled at his best friend, still clutching his stomach in pain. Lily moved to Rowan and hugged her tightly. "I missed you over the summer," Lily sighed. Rowan smiled and hugged the younger girl tighter. "I know. I missed you too, Lils," Rowan grinned. Al walked over and grabbed his little sister, throwing her to the opposite seat, gently. He then took Lily's former spot beside his girlfriend. Lily pouted, but quickly decided that she'd rather go find people her own age, and left the compartment. "Where's Scorpius?" Rowan asked Rose and Albus, assuming at least one of them would know where the blond haired boy was. "Well we had the first rounds together and we just finished. I think he went to make sure his sister was fine so he should be back soon," Albus said. Sure enough, a teenage boy in a very nice set of robes opened the door and sat down beside Rose, slinging his arm around her shoulders. She cuddled into him, happily. "Hey guys," Scorpius greeted. A mixture of 'hey's and small waves filled the compartment. "I think this is gonna be a good year," Albus said, randomly. Despite the unexpected comment everyone couldn't help but agree. This would be a great year, Rowan could feel it. The familiar roar of the student's dinner conversations filled the Great Hall. It was always the loudest the first day back, most likely because everyone was dying to know how everyone else's summers were. The warm glow from the candelabras on the walls illuminated a group of Ravenclaw's faces as one reenacted a very exciting quidditch match they had the privilege to watch over the summer. A pair of Slytherins decided that they could sneak off and skip dinner. Unfortunately for them, Professor Caroban had a very keen eye for troublesome students and he was able to catch them before they could escape. His shouting could be heard across the room by all the other professors. The loudest group, however, was definitely the seventh year Gryffindors who were currently planning a back to school party in the common room. Any students from fifth through to seventh year were invited, as long as they were Gryffindors. "Who wants to nick some firewhisky from the kitchens with me?" James asked, not very quietly. Several students glanced at the professors, but the teachers were too busy talking amongst themselves to notice. "It might be difficult, mate. I hear that house elf, Winky, has been stashing it all. Apparently, butter beer isn't enough for her," Albus stated. James scrunched his face up in concentration. "Isn't that house elf a bit old?" Paula, another seventh year, asked. James shrugged. "I'll help you," Fred offered, grinning madly at the thought of getting into even the tiniest bit of mischief. James smiled, manically, and clapped his best friend on the back. He was just about to comment when he was interrupted by the sound of a spoon hitting a glass. "Attention, students! Settle down!" Headmistress McGonagall yelled from the podium at the front. The regal woman was getting older (nearing her 100th birthday), but she didn't let her old age stop her from doing the thing she loved most; teaching. The noise died down and the students turned towards their Headmistress, giving her their full attention. "I do hope the meal was more than