Title: Our Wreath Summary: His life was perfect, and then she was gone. It's Christmas and Edward needs a miracle. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 8107 words The bench came into view and I sat down heavily, my legs suddenly too tired to hold me up anymore. I looked around at the mostly deserted park, only a few people braving the cold to be outside on this sunny but frigid afternoon. I should be at work, but my supervisor had no trouble believing me when I told him I had a migraine. I knew I looked awful. Memories flickered of last winter and being in this park. Sitting on this bench. With her. Laughing, walking hand in hand, planning our holiday. Sipping hot chocolate from the coffee shop, our cups filled with whipped cream and marshmallows, since she insisted it was the only way to drink it. Capturing her face in my hands and using my tongue to remove the bits of foam stuck to her sweet mouth. Her warm eyes as they gazed at me. My breath huffed out an icy cloud of white as I heaved a deep sigh. Things were different this year. She was gone. My phone vibrated in my pocket and I dug it out, frowning at the unknown number. No doubt another solicitor. "Hello." There was silence on the end and I waited for the live person to kick in once they knew someone had answered. I always took such enjoyment in waiting so I could hang up on them. She used to laugh at me for doing that. But there was no click. In fact there was nothing. "Hello?" I repeated, pushing the receiver closer to my ear. Nothing. "As much as I want to support my provider, I don't like listening to blank air. Thanks for calling," I spat; my voice laced with sarcasm. But, as I started to pull the phone away to hang up, I heard it. The softest, smallest sound—like a whimper and a sob combined; filled with pain and drenched in sadness. I knew that sound. I pressed the phone back to my ear, my voice now thick. "Bella? Baby—is that you?" The caller disconnected. I met her on a Tuesday. I was at the coffee shop and reached for my cup at the same time she did. Our fingers touched, and my life changed forever. Her nervous, dark eyes met mine and it was as if the world around me ceased to exist. Despite my usual reserve, I insisted she take the cup, grabbed the next one, then followed her to a table, standing beside it until she shyly asked me if I wanted to join her. She was uneasy—her gaze darting around, fingers playing with the paper napkin—and then I made her laugh. She relaxed as I offered her personal details and talked about my somewhat boring life. We spent hours talking—neither of us making it to where we were supposed to be. She missed classes and I called in sick to the office. We left the coffee shop and wandered the park, admiring the leaves turning colors. I bought us sandwiches and we ate them, sitting on the ground, under a tree, as the leaves drifted past us. I insisted on laying my coat down so she had some protection against the cold earth, and she scooted to the edge, patting the space beside her, her eyes nervous once again. I took full advantage of the situation, leaning into her and wrapping my arm around her shoulder to make sure she was warm. It felt right when she snuggled into my side. It felt perfect. I walked her home, thrilled when she asked me in to her little apartment. We talked about everything, shared more—all our interests, likes and dislikes— and learned about each other. Neither of us had family anymore. She had moved here to the "Windy City" recently to go to school and become a historical librarian, so she was still finding her way around the big city. I assured her our meeting was meant to be, since I had grown up in Chicago and could take her any place she wanted to see. When it was time to leave, I hesitated at the door. Her dark eyes met mine, a warmth in them unlike anything I had ever seen. " Can I kiss you, Bella?" " Please, Edward. Yes." Our lips met in a series of soft, light caresses, each one like a small burst of flames to my senses, the heat slowly building and burning brighter with each pass. Finally, I drew her to me, deepening the kiss, exploring her mouth and groaning at the sheer relief of feeling her in my embrace. Her arms wrapped around my neck and pulled me close as she whimpered, returning my desire with a fiery passion of her own. Our mouths fused and broke apart, teeth nipped and tongues soothed, only to join back together, neither of us wanting to lose the connection. When we eventually pulled apart, we both knew it. This was the start of something special. Something forever. For a few months, my life was perfect. And then in the blink of a moment—it changed. I rushed to Jasper's place, letting myself in with the key I'd had for years. I burst through the door so fast, he looked startled. As usual he was surrounded by monitors and keyboards. He ran a security company from home and he was constantly working. "Can you trace a cell call?" "I can narrow down where it's coming from while you're on it," he replied, then frowned. "Why?" "I think Bella just called me." "You think?" "She didn't say anything, but I heard a noise." He took a sip from the huge mug he was holding. "A noise?" "Bella made a noise when she was so upset she couldn't talk—I heard it and then the line went dead." He shook his head. "Edward—cell phones make lots of strange noises." "No. It was her." Another long sip happened as he stared at me. "She's been gone for almost six months—without a word. She didn't even say goodbye." I swallowed the painful lump in my throat. "I know." His voice softened. "I looked for her, Edward. I did everything I could to find her for you. It was as though she disappeared." I nodded, unable to speak. "And you think she's suddenly decided to reach out?" I stepped forward, my hands held out beseechingly. " I know that sound, Jasper. It was her . I don't know where she's been or why she left, but it was her. She reached out. You have to help me." "She hung up," he pointed out. "Something scared her. She'll call back." "You still love her—even after all this time?" "More than anything." He stared at me, searching my eyes, then nodded as if he'd made a decision. "Give me your phone." I sat down and watched as his fingers flew over the keyboard and he plugged in my phone to one of his massive computers. I had no idea what the hieroglyphics were scrolling across his monitor, but it didn't matter. Jasper was the best computer whiz I knew—a hacker extraordinaire. The world was lucky he chose to use his talents for good, instead of evil. At least as far as I knew he did. I didn't ask too many questions. He rummaged around in a drawer and dug out another cell phone, doing something to it as well. Turning in his chair, he handed me both. "The number that called is encrypted." "Meaning?" "I can't do anything unless she calls back. I can backtrack the signal and find out where she is calling from. Next time she calls keep her on the line as long as possible." He pointed to the other cell phone. "Call me as soon as she does. I'll start working on this end. Keep her talking. Or at least…making noises." He paused and regarded me apprehensively. "If she calls back." "She will." Fall melted into winter, the temperatures dropped, and snow covered the ground. Bella still loved to walk, and every day we could, we'd explore the city together. I rediscovered it through her wonder and joy of seeing Chicago for the first time. Bundled up against the cold, we'd walk and talk, her nestled into my side as we strolled. On Thanksgiving I introduced her to Jasper and Alice, my two closest friends. She was nervous meeting them, but soon the four of us were laughing and playing board games while the dinner cooked, filling my apartment with delicious smells for us to enjoy. I hadn't had such a good day for years. When she told me Christmas had always been her favorite time of year, but since losing her parents she'd been alone, I was determined to make this one special. She loved to make things with her hands, so I surprised her one night by showing up with all the things needed to make a Christmas wreath using a variety of bright-coloured Christmas balls the same as she'd seen on some show we'd watched on TV. We spent the evening gluing and arguing placement of the different balls, and when we were done, hung it over her little mantle. The wreath represented something special to both of us. She cried when I added an ornament in the middle I had found. It was a beautiful pewter heart decorated with small red crystals, the middle inscribed: "Our first Christmas." That night was the first time we made love. Joined with her in the most intimate of ways, I knew I'd found my home. We were meant for each other. It was also the first time I heard her cry in her sleep. The first time she didn't tell me the truth, when she said it was a nightmare. Friday after work, I went for another walk, following the same path Bella and I always took. I sat down on the bench we had shared many times, looking down at the steaming cup in my hand. It had been three days and my phone hadn't rung. Maybe Jasper was right. Cell phones did make strange noises—but I had just been so sure. Maybe it was wistful thinking. I wanted a Christmas miracle. I wanted to hear her voice—for her to tell me she needed me and please come to her. That the past months had been as painful for her as they had been for me, and she would explain everything to me if only I'd let her. And I would. Except I had to face the fact it probably wasn't going to happen. I needed to accept that and pick up the pieces of my life. To do more than breathe in and out because I had to. To stop remembering how perfect it had been between us, and to move on. The air around my face was white with my deep exhales as I struggled to remain calm. Slowly, I stood and walked to the garbage can, then I stared down at the cup of hot chocolate filled with whipped cream and marshmallows. Silently I disposed of it. I couldn't drink it anymore. The walk home seemed to take forever. It felt as if I'd left a piece of my heart back in the park. I undressed and lay on my bed, trying not to remember all the times she had lain down beside me. My phone vibrated on the bedside table, and I picked it up, my heart stuttering at the unknown number message. I dialed Jasper who answered on the first ring. "Now," I hissed and hung up, picking up my phone and managing to utter out a fairly calm "hello." Silence greeted me. No clicks, no mechanical voice telling me about a cruise I had won. It was her. "I sat on our bench today," I told her