Title: Sandcastles and Snowmen Summary: Three days before Christmas, Edward needs an escape. From life. A red eye flight and rental car lead him to a beach in Mexico. He stumbles into a girl's bed for one night, but wakes up wanting forever. Sometimes, Christmas miracles aren't what we expect. Sometimes, the biggest gift comes in the smallest of packages. Sometimes, we build castles out of snow. Pairing: E/B Rating: M Word Count: 12,382 December 22nd EPOV The sunset off Kino Bay, Mexico was unreal. Water to sky. Sea to air. Baja hidden just beyond the horizon. The jagged jut of a small, unforgiving island lay a mere two miles offshore. Isle de Alcatraz , though it didn't have anything on its celebrity twin. Less than a square mile, it was uninhabitable by any human standards, nothing but rough black rock dotted with the snowy white dusting of bird shit. Orbited like an atom, electron seagulls and proton pelicans battling for air and fish and a place to nest. Diving into the steady, lapping ocean. Swimming through the unshakable, blistering sky. A bird-speckled watercolor of pink and purple, red and gold, painted heavy over the horizon. The washed-out night of New York had nothing on the sky here. There, it was too bright to see anything beyond the street lights and the billboards and the fluorescent glare of humanity. There, the city swallowed up the stars. But way out here, the sky opened up and the spangled mouth of the galaxy returned. Civilization was so far away that it couldn't fuck up the view. It had been such a long time since I'd been anywhere remote enough to see the constellations that I'd almost forgotten they had been there all along. The stark white beach house a few feet up the sand was a pale comparison to the colorful sunset going on behind my back. Single room. Whitewashed walls. Dirt floors. Sparse bed. Bare light bulb. The only decoration was the crucified Jesus pinned to the wall like a butterfly to a board, just three feet above the meager pillows, and a single struggling poinsettia on the windowsill. Didn't matter, the burning eye of God watching over the bed. Didn't matter, the meager surroundings, or the dirt beneath my toes. Didn't matter, the solitude broken only by the surf and the birds. This was supposed to be an escape. A double-time fall-down into somewhere too far away to find me. Misplaced on purpose . I sat on the beach for a long time after the sun went down and tried not to think about Alice. Tried not to think about Jasper and the mess I'd left behind when I booked that flight yesterday. Pseudo-name, of course, so they couldn't track me. One I'd never used before, Anthony Masen, a throwback to a long-dead uncle on my father's side and a movie role I'd lost out on to some douchebag with a cocaine habit and a crooked nose. I flew coach, red-eye, and hated every minute of it. Crossed the border at thirty thousand feet. Went through customs in an airport that was really just a glorified tool shed. Shaved my head in a bathroom that looked like the set of a horror movie, the water running brown and the light overhead flickering more off than on. Rented a shitty, rust-covered car the color of watered-down wine. Drove too fast and basically all damn day before the asphalt faded out and I hit the water. The Sea of Cortez called an end to my mad dash from reality. Back home, the city was buried in snow drifts. It was piled in the alleyways, blackened from the dirty dregs of human nature, and turning into ice that wouldn't melt until mid-summer. The wind was cold enough to blister. The lights were overwhelming and Christmas music was neverending. Inescapable, the bustle of the city amped up to an almost unbearable level. Here, it was warm. The breeze was a soft kiss and the sand was still hot from a day of baking beneath the sun. Everything moved slowly, even the people. Even the tides. Two days before Christmas, two thousand odd miles from home, and I'd never felt so alone. oOo I woke to a flood of sunshine. To sweat-dampened sheets and someone knocking on the door. It took an entire minute to remember where I was, crucified Jesus and whitewashed walls. Mrs. Castillo, the plump, smiley woman I rented the beach house from, was waiting for me outside. She was dressed in festive red, her dark hair peppered white, and she was holding a tray of something that smelled delicious. I blinked back the daylight and culture shock, both bright enough to stun me speechless. Fresh off a red-eye flight from another universe and still reeling a little from the shock of it. "Buenas dias," she greeted, pushing the tray at me, giving me no choice but to take it. "I hope you slept well." Her English was halted and careful, but clear and concise. "Very well, thank you." I inhaled a luscious mouthful of sweet and savory, salt and spice. "This smells fantastic. "Fruit, and tamales," she grinned. "Sopapilla, and my special chocolates with chiles from my garden. Sweet, but oh so hot at the end." She puckered her lips and kissed her fingertips, the universal sign for damn, that's good. "You are too skinny, flaco." I thanked her with a kiss to her cheek that made her giggle like a preteen girl at a movie premiere and took the tray. She was right, probably, but I'd always been this way and would likely never change. Tall and lean, eyes too big for my face and hands too large for my gangly limbs. Too much unruly hair to even bother to control. I'd given up a long time ago. I sat on the beach and ate a mango from the tray. Made a fucking mess of it, but goddamn, it tasted better than any mango I've ever eaten before. I licked it off my chin and sucked it from my fingers, following it with some of Mrs. Castillo's chocolates. She was right, they burned a sticky molten path clear down my throat; sizzling hot and scorchingly sweet, baking in my stomach while I baked in the sun. I didn't leave the beach all morning. I watched fishermen tugging nets into their boats and the clouds change shapes as they careened across the water. Swam the two miles out to that rocky prison island and wandered around the entire edge of it, sidestepping bird shit and nests and stunted cactus, dodging rabid seagulls. Swam back, the sea surprisingly calm and warm, and threw rocks into the water while the sun dried my clothes. Put four into my pocket, all washed smooth and in varying shades. Pale pink skin to dark black coffee, all rattling against my leg as I walked, lost in thought. Alice was probably convincing herself that I was dead in a ditch somewhere. Jasper was probably calling my mother, my friends, every name in the proverbial black book trying to track me down. I probably should have called, but my phone wasn't getting any reception and I didn't want to talk to anyone anyway. Talking meant explaining where I was and why I'd fled. Talking meant trying to justify the fact that fleeing didn't necessarily mean I was unhappy. I was too happy, that was the problem. Too comfortable and too safe. Watched over like an expensive pet and fondled every time I needed reassurance. Spoiled and overfed by people who cared about me more than they should. How was it possible to feel so fucking lonely when I was never really alone? Before I realized it, I had walked two miles along the water line and ended up in the "civilized" version of town. By mistake. Somewhere in the middle, I got turned around. Confused north and south, the gentle stretch of sand on either side strikingly similar. I meant to head back to Old Town, Kino Viejo, and my meager room, maybe read that book I'd been dragging around with me for the last six months now. Instead, I ended up in New Town. Kino Nuevo. Dubbed this by the locals, it was the plasticized resort version of their authentic village. The saccharine rendition of their pleasantly sweet original. A bacterial rot of manicured lawns and RV parks that had sprung up a couple miles north, like an encroaching rash. The tourists separated themselves with a two mile buffer of desert and only ventured local for the day before scurrying back to their brand name hotels at night. All clean concrete and flower boxes. Street lights and chain restaurants. Parking spots and pavement. I preferred the dirt roads, honestly. New Town was infested with the very worst of Americanized Christmas. Neon lights crawling up the palm trees and plastic wreaths slung from every street light. Big blow-up Santas on the front lawns of the hotels and again, the inescapable Christmas music. I was about to turn around, hightail myself out of the eye of a public that would surely recognize me, when a colorful mishmash of stalls caught my eye. They were set up on the sidewalk overlooking the beach, their patrons selling everything from sombreros to snorkel gear, sunscreen to straw hats. There was some guy hawking rock lobsters the size of my forearm. Another pushing bay scallops pulled fresh from the water and seared quickly on a piece of red-hot metal, handed over on a flat green leaf that served as a plate and a napkin. I couldn't help myself. I bought a hand-woven hammock, dirt cheap, blue and yellow and fringed on the ends from a woman with pretty brown skin and six children hanging onto her skirts. I didn't know how long I intended to stay, but I needed somewhere to lie around if I meant to read that book. The sagging bed at the beach house wasn't going to cut it. I wandered around the rest of the market, the hammock rolled up beneath my arm, pulling my hat down low while trying to avoid the hurtling clusters of screaming children and the tantalizing offers coming from the stalls I passed. Lost in the heat and the noise and the flurry. Just another face in the crowd. Blissfully unnoticed. Carefree as a goddamn hurricane. oOo The last stall in the row was selling jewelry. Tiny clear tubes like test subjects were strung on to necklaces and woven into bracelets, each containing a tiny reproduction of a classic painting. Not precise replicas, but the intoned imaginings of the late-greats. Degas and Klimt, Pollack and Dali and Chagall. Munch and Picasso. Impressionists and surrealists. Plein air and pointillism. All of them painted painstakingly onto a single grain of rice. "Hi." When I glanced up from a pile of bracelets, she was smiling at me. My hand fell to my side, my mouth nearly fell open. Something about that face. Those lips. The soft, sun-faded cotton dress and the deep, dark tan. Those freckles. Hair in a salt spray disaster around her shoulders. Eyes like the chocolate Mrs. Castillo had given me last night. Deceivingly simple at first taste, wickedly hot on the tail end. "Hi," I stammered, unsure of my tongue or my hands or what my face looked like right now. "These are really something." I fingered the row of necklaces hanging between us, miniature masterpieces that rattled against one another with my touch. "Thanks. I've got a thing for old dead guys." Her smile never wavered and she obviously thought she was making a joke because she burst out giggling, covering her mouth with her hand. Her fingers were long and thin and her nails were unpainted and I'd heard a lot of laughter in my time, but nothing that sounded like that . Free and alive, not forced or deliberately played,