Title: Our Christmas Love Story Summary: Every Christmas has a special memory for Edward and Bella. This Christmas, with Edward overseas, those memories get her through the holiday. Pairing: Edward and Bella Word count: 6107 words Our Christmas Love Story "It's not a Charlie Brown tree," I protest, fluffing the spindly branches for the fifth time. I hastily kick the fallen pine needles under the tree, causing him to chuckle louder. "It looks better in person." I pout, crossing my arms over my chest in irritation. "It just needs to be decorated." "I'm sure that's it, babe," he says, smiling at me. "You were always a sucker for the underdog." I smile back; I can't help it. We see each other so rarely between the time difference, our schedules and the strict Army regulations. I don't want to waste our precious time talking about my crappy tree any longer. "Any word on when you'll get leave?" I ask, hoping for a holiday miracle, but knowing not to get my hopes up. They've been shattered so many times since Edward enlisted that I am afraid to even have a shred of hope these days. He gets serious, a distant look in his eyes, a look I recognize as his "work" face. "No, nothing. Um, in fact I may be out of contact for a while." "What?" I whine. "Again?" He nods. "Sorry, babe. You know I hate being apart as much as you do, but we both signed up for this," he teases, because we are in this together and have been since before we chose the military life. I'm usually the one who reminds him of this, not the other way around. I nod, holding back the tears that are threatening to fall. The only thing worse than having your husband in the military and having limited contact is having them away with no contact, especially because no contact usually means something dangerous. "I love you, Bella, more than anything. Knowing you're there waiting for me gets me through each day, hell, each hour." The tenderness and sincerity in his voice is undeniable. Blinking, tears escape, rolling slowing down my face. "Oh, Edward. Be careful, take care of yourself, come back to me. I love you with all my heart. I will always be here." I can hear noises on Edward's end. He briefly looks over his shoulder, turning back with a sad look on his gorgeous face. "I gotta go." I nod, getting my emotions in check and studying his face, like I try to do every time we end our Skype sessions. His buzzed hair, still managing to have that chaotic look from cowlicks that can never be tamed. The strong angles of his face, clean shaven. His sea green eyes, bright, but concerned … about me, not himself. "I love you. Go do your job and don't worry about me, I'll be fine … just missing you terribly." I smile through my tears. "I love you too, baby … so much. I'll call as soon as I can. Say hi to everyone please." I blow him a kiss resting my hand on my heart, like I do each time we part. "Bella, Merry Christmas," he says with his hand also on his heart. I stare at the dark screen long after his image is gone. He knows he will be out of contact until after Christmas, our holiday, our special day. I take a shaky breath and stand. I look at the Christmas tree, the pitiful tree I chose … without him. "Well, Chuck. We have work to do," I say to the now named tree. It takes me hours to decorate the house, especially the tree. I thoughtfully unwrap the tree ornaments, remembering the history, the meaning behind each one. They hold so many special memories, making me smile, laugh, causing the occasional tear to fall. Looking at some of them takes me back to another time, another day, another Christmas. " He's cute," Alice says, nudging my arm, indicating toward the tall, lanky boy hidden under the bulky winter coat and beanie pulled down low over his ears. The wind is impossible to hide from, yet he tries. Only a glimpse of his face is visible, and that is all it takes to peak my interest. He works intently, his face red from exertion or the cold, or a little of both. We wait in line patiently, as patiently as two teenage girls can, until he can trim the bottom of our tree and lift it into our truck. " Ladies," he greets. "How much would you like trimmed off?" Caught in his stare, his eyes so knowing and intense, he has to be asking something more than just about our tree. Alice's elbow in my ribs alerts me that I am staring and not answering the man/boy standing in front of me trying to do his job. " Um, whatever you think," I stutter. " You got it," he says with a smile, his straight white teeth gleaming in contrast to the ruddiness of his flushed skin. I am dazzled, something that has never happened to me before. I mean, I have thought some boys were cute, but I have never been this affected by anyone. I watch his every move as he prepares our tree, his movements precise and knowing, like he has been doing this all of his life. He follows us to our truck, the large tree in his grasp seeming to weigh nothing to him. " This is us," I stammer, slightly embarrassed by the old truck Alice and I share. He secures the tree in the bed before closing the tailgate. "A classic," he says, giving my truck a firm pat, which makes me smile. Most people see it as a piece of junk, not the classic that it is. " Thank you for helping us. I'm Alice. This is Bella, my older sister, and you are?" Alice asserts, extending her glove-covered hand. " Um, nice to meet you, Alice and Bella," he says, removing his work glove to take her hand. "I'm Edward." Before he even turns his attention to me, I remove my own glove, the need to touch his skin almost instinctual. He takes my exposed hand, the combined warmth almost too warm. I feel it everywhere, not just in our clasped hands. Our wide eyes meet, and it is undeniable that he feels it too. Our hands stay connected for more than a beat too long. " Very nice to meet you, Bella," he says softly, reverently. I don't know how long we stay like that—could be seconds, minutes, the bustle of the Christmas tree lot around us forgotten. " Um, Bella … we better go." Alice nudges my shoulder, rousing me from my Edward-induced trance. " Um, yeah, me too. I gotta get back to work. Nice to meet you Bella … and Alice," he says, but his eyes never leave mine. He backs away slowly, like he's reluctant to go, and then turns, walking quickly back to the busy tree lot. We climb into the car before either of us speaks. I turn the key, causing the engine to come to life with a roar. "I think I'm going to make a wreath for the door, maybe a few … I'm going to need some more branches." Alice starts cracking up before I even finish, and we both end up laughing the whole way home. She knows me well enough to know that that is not the only time I'm going to go to that tree lot, for my wreath making supplies, of course. I can stay away for one day, and that one day without going to the tree lot just about drives me nuts. My anxiety amuses Alice to no end. Sisters … I pull up, the sound of my ancient truck alerting everyone to my arrival. One head in particular seems to stand out above the rest—not because he's taller, but because, even from a distance I can see he's interested. By the time I turn off the car and grab my purse, my door is being pulled open. I should be startled, but I'm not. I'm elated, because apparently he is as eager as I am. One look at his wide, open smile calms me, all anxiety I had about coming here today long gone. " You're back," he breathes, as if he's solved a mystery. I want to hug him, fold myself into his strong arms, but I resist, barely. Instead I smile. "You couldn't keep me away." We both laugh nervously. Although we obviously both want to see each other, we truly don't know each other at all. " Um, can I get some cut branches? I want to make some wreaths." I say awkwardly. " Oh, yeah, of course … follow me, but you know we sell wreaths. My mom makes them herself," he says proudly. " Your mom? She works here too?" He laughs. "We all do. This is our family business." He comes to stand right next to me, pointing as he speaks. "See that man over there unloading the truck? That's my dad. That big guy over there placing the trees, that's my brother, and the girl behind the register, that's my sister. Follow me," he says, taking my hand in his. It's so natural and surreal. I follow him. We pass his sister and she smiles and waves. He just smiles and waves in return but doesn't stop to introduce me. I wave too as not to be rude as I'm being pulled along behind him. He takes me around the back to a fenced-off, tent-covered area with work benches and other supplies. There amidst the pine needles and overwhelming holiday smells is a woman clearly in her element. Christmas tunes float through the air as she sings along. Wreaths of all shapes and sizes, complete and in progress, are laid out. She works intently, not even noticing our presence. " Mom." " Oh, hey, honey. How's it going out th—Oh, who is this lovely girl?" she asks when she notices he's not alone. Her smile is friendly and knowing. " Mom, this is Bella. Bella, this is my mom, Esme." " Nice to meet you." " Oh, dear, the pleasure is all mine. I'm so happy to meet you." " These are so beautiful," I say, admiring her hard work. " I love doing this. Each one is unique. It's just a little hobby I picked up over the years. Now that the kids are grown I'm not needed out front as much." " They are lovely. You are very talented." " Bella wants to make some wreaths. Maybe you could show her," Edward suggests. " Oh, I wouldn't want to impose," I start. " Nonsense. I'd love to show someone who shares my passion. The rest of the family thinks I'm a little over the top." She laughs. The following days are filled with boughs, holly, bows, mistletoe, ornaments and anything else you could possibly add to a wreath. Some are, well … over the top, but most of what we make are elegant and tasteful. She teaches me all she knows about wreath-making, about the family and about Edward. She seems to know that I want to know him without me having to ask. She talks about him, well all of them, with love, admiration and respect. They have all pitched in and worked hard to make their family business successful, while each of them pursues their own careers and goals for another income when it's off-season. I learn from her that Edward is the youngest and is due to graduate in June and has plans to go to college in the fall or join the Army or a combination of the two. I too am a high school senior with hopes of leaving this small town to go