Title: Let It Snow Summary: Akin to a resolution, it follows you into the new year to stay for a little while. It's like when the snow finally melts for good, it washes the remnants of all the bad habits and pessimistic attitudes you've collected within the past year or over a small lifetime away with it Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Word count: 10, 983 December 21st, 2014 "Mark my words, missy, I will hug the shit out of you!" My laughter rings loudly across the parking lot, causing some of the other customers nearby to turn their heads. "Noted. And really, I'm counting on it. It's been so long since you've done that." "Too long." She pauses, takes a deep breath, and despite the fact that it couldn't take more than a few seconds, it seems to last a small eternity. If nothing else, it's long enough for my guilty conscience to make its presence known. A recurring occurrence recently and all around nuisance. "Three years is way too long, Bella." "Alice…" "I know, I know. You had your reasons. I get it. But blah, that doesn't mean I have to like it. I have half the mind to kick your butt once we get there." "Granted. Hugging and butt-kicking. What else is on your list?" "Ugh, don't try to be cute. I'm mad at you, you know? You just up and left and explored the seven seas, leaving me to fend for myself—" My phone almost drops from my hand hearing her antics. "Oh, get the fuck out! The seven seas! Really? What, I'm a pirate now?" "You know what I mean!" "If I remember correctly, you left me first! Also, I did visit you in Paris, or have you forgotten all about that?" She laughs. "As if I ever could. Which is a small wonder considering the amount of vin we guzzled down. Good times. And oh! Speaking about Paris, those Parisian boys were just too yummy…" She sighs dreamily a few times, and I can easily guess where her mind went. "Luc?" "Luc! Oh. My. God. The things that man could do with his tongue and fingers. Oh la la. And the way he fucked me all over the apartment— Jesus Christ!" "Yeah, I was there, too. Remember?" "Sorry. But, I mean, c'mon, you saw that thing." That I did. The neighbors in the building opposite the one we stayed in back then did as well. Which isn't much of a surprise since Luc loved to flounce around naked and smoke his cigs in the tiny balcony that faced the street. "Does James know that you're fantasizing about other guys?" "Jasper." "What?" "His name is Jasper." "I'm pretty sure the guy you gushed about for two hours last time we talked was named James." "Whatever. That was weeks ago. James is a tool and a complete waste of space. Jasper, on the other hand, is it." "It, what?" She gives an impatient huff. "It! Jasper is it ! The man of my dreams and whom I'm going to marry one day." "Uh huh." I'm pretty sure I've heard all that a few times before, too, but I decide to keep my mouth shut. "So, when did you two meet?" "Oh, we actually met six months ago, but we only got together last week." And I'm not going to comment on that either. It's better this way. I don't want our face-to-face reunion to be tainted or even ruined due to a bad case of foot-in-mouth on my part. "Well, I'm looking forward to meeting him. Is he coming, too? When are you going to get here, anyway?" "Early afternoon on the 24th and yes." "Goodie. And you've managed you keep your mouth shut?" "Yup. Mom doesn't suspect a thing, and neither does anybody else." "Not gonna lie, I didn't think you had it in you. Super proud right now." "Funny." "Always. No, seriously, I admire your strength. I've had to dodge Esme's last few calls so as not to risk spoiling everything, and I'm feeling pretty bad about it. Just keep it up for two more days, yeah? "I promise, I will. God, I'm dying to see their surprised faces when they find you there. Seriously, I can't wait. I'm literally buzzing just thinking about it." Her enthusiasm mirrors my own, and the smile I detect in her voice is as infectious as ever. "I know! I can't wait, either. And ugh, there's still so much to do and prepare! I might go mad by the time you all make it to Colorado, but at least it will keep me busy." "I wish I could make it there earlier, but with half the department fallen sick, I just can't do it. Do you need me to bring something? I mean, we all know that I suck at cooking, but excel at buying and picking things up. Hit me." "Ha! Don't I know it! Um... nothing I can think of right now. I actually just left the store, but that's mostly all stuff for baking. I'll definitely have to make a few more trips, but that is to be expected. Nah. I'm good. Thanks for offering, though!" "No problem. Ugh. Can you hold on a second?" Bits and pieces of a muffled conversation reach my ear, as I tuck the phone between my shoulder and head. It takes four full paper bags stored into the trunk of my rental and a returned shopping cart before Alice gets back to me. "Hey, would love to chat some more, but work calls. Just…" A beat passes, then two. Her voice as she speaks is quiet and lugubrious, so unlike her chipper self. "Sometimes I feel that I've let you down. I mean, if I hadn't opened my big fat mouth, maybe you wouldn't— " The easy banter from earlier is already a distant memory. Scenes from a past December night flicker before my eyes. Blinking them away is as fruitless as trying to swallow past the lump in my throat. "Please don't, Alice. Stop. Just...don't. None of this was your fault. Really, it was all me." "Three years, Bella! Do you have any idea how much we missed you?" "I've missed you guys, too. So much." There's sniffling on her end of the line. "Ah shit, now I'm crying. Look what you did!" "Are you really crying or are those the crocodile tears you used with Carlisle and Charlie to get your way?" "Ugh, get lost. You'll pay for that on Wednesday. Hugs and butt-kicking, right? "Hugs and butt-kicking." "Okay, I really gotta run now. Take care. I love you!" "I love you too, sis. See ya, soon." The call disconnects, and I'm left in the parking lot with my heart in the pit of my stomach, staring at my phone. There's a nagging, creeping sensation in the back of my mind, demanding more attention than I had been willing to give these past few weeks. And as its pressing and pushing incessantly increases, I realize that it had been yet another flawed decision on my part. Steam clouds billow from the mug in my hands, the porcelain warming my skin as the rich aroma of freshly brewed coffee fills my nostrils. As much as I love and need my caffeine fix, it's too hot to drink for me as it is, so I place the mug on the spacious granite kitchen counter along with my phone. Swishing and tapping over the screen with my pointer finger, I start my beloved Christmas playlist to further get into the spirit. Oh the weather outside is frightful But the fire is so delightful And since we've got no place to go Let it snow! Let it snow! Let it snow! Aah, Michael Bublé. I usually can't stand the guy, but every damn year come December, I'm a sucker for his voice and renditions of the good old classics. It's a love-hate kinda thing, really, because as soon as the holidays are over, I'm back to skipping his songs or changing the station when he comes on on the radio. Letting Michael serenade me, I turn to the massive whitewood cabinet beside the window that grants a view to most of the frontyard and winding driveway. It holds the majority of Esme's cookbooks and recipes on display. Of course, her true gems are safely hidden away from snooping eyes, but I'm not looking for those, anyway. She'd given most of them to me freely years ago. Except her late grandmother's fabulous apple pie recipe, that is. Despite quasi-raising me as one of her own and constantly telling me that she loves as if I were her own blood, this is apparently where she draws the line, and no bribery on my part can ever sway her. It is true that I'm only an 'honorary' Cullen, as Carlisle, Esme's husband, liked to refer to me. Not that I'm complaining or anything for I'm pretty sure that's the reason I've always gotten away with a lot more than their own kids. However, as a kid, the difference in last names really bothered me. Up to the point where I went up to Carlisle and my own dad, Charlie, at one of our joint family dinners to officially change my name to Isabella Swan-Honorary-Cullen. It was silly, of course, but I was only eight years old at the time and desperate to let the world know that I belonged to a functioning and loving family. It was a few months after my mother decided to pack her bags overnight and leave my father and me, never to be seen again, that the Cullens moved into town. In the podunk town of Forks, the good Chief of police's marital demise was blissful fodder for the gossip mills regardless of the fact that my dad was respected and cherished by all. And though most of the stories told in hushed whispers between aisles in supermarkets and diners circled around Renée and the many ludicrous and scandalous possibilities that could have led to her running away, Charlie was still the man left behind with me, the girl without a mother. The day Carlisle and Esme knocked on our door to politely introduce themselves couldn't have caught my dad and me at a worse time. It was my seventh birthday. I remember being in a particularly sullen mood, still struggling with my mom's easy disregard and then finding that she hadn't called by the time the knock was heard— or couldn't be bothered to— to at least wish me a happy birthday was weighing down on me hard. What really threw me off and led to the hissy fit the Cullens found me in, however, was my best friend's attempt at cheering me up, which sent my perfect birthday cake flying onto the kitchen floor. Charlie had gone to open the door, and therefore only caught the grand finale of the show as— alerted by my sudden screeching and loud wailing— all three adults came running into the room wide-eyed and probably expecting the worst. What they found were two kids crying their eyes and hearts out. Jake due to my screaming at him and pushing hard enough to make him fall butt-first into the cake mess he created and me from sheer anger. Admittedly, not my finest hour. I'd never been a kid known to throw tantrums before. However, the circumstances had changed; my emotions and mind were in a messy, confused state. Nothing seemed to make much sense anymore, so why should I? The embarrassment I felt from being caught in the middle of my somewhat violent outburst, and by my dear dad on top of complete strangers no less, coupled with the shock and horror I saw on Charlie's face over my behavior only spiked my fire. My crying increased in volume and intensity, plates and cups went flying all over the place, garnishing the chocolate