Title: The Mistletoe Project Summary: When the school labeled dork wears a Santa's hat with mistletoe that says 'kiss me' to school; one girl does just that in front of the whole cafeteria. She has seen past his label and wants the rest of the school to too. But, what if there is more to it than she thought? Paring: Bella/Edward Genre: Romance/Drama Rating: M Word Count : 12,092 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Mistletoe Project The school cafeteria buzzed around me as I read A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. I tried to ignore all the gossiping that was going on around me. I couldn't wait until the year was over, and I was out of here. I had moved to Forks, Washington at the beginning of the year hoping things might be different in a small town, but they weren't—this school was also filled with the typical cliques. I was hoping to get to know people for who they were at my new school. However, since I was new, everyone wanted to be my friend. I quickly found out that some weren't as genuine as they pretended to be. The biggest new 'friend' was Tanya Cullen, Queen Bee. I suspected she was jealous that I was getting all the attention from being the new girl. It didn't matter that I didn't ask for any of the attention—just that I was getting noticed. When I didn't bend over to kiss her ass like the rest of the school, she had decided that we needed to be BFF's—or maybe it was more like frenemies. The more I tried to ignore her and avoid her, the more she seemed to latch on. She had made it difficult for me to make any real friends. "Oh-em-gee. How can he do this to me?" Tanya whined as she tossed her strawberry blonde hair over her shoulder before she ducked her head, and tried to hide behind her manicured hand. I barely glanced in her direction. I didn't want to find out what was bothering her this time it was always something with her. Last week it was because she forgot that she had a paper due, and the teacher didn't give her an extension, or the time the soda machine was out of diet cola. I continued to read, hoping to avoid her latest drama. "He's a freak. He shouldn't even be allowed at this school," Jessica, or, as I liked to call her, 'Puppet One', responded as she popped her bubble gum loudly. "Don't worry, Tanya. Most people don't know that you two are related." Puppet Two, Lauren, soothed Tanya by patting her arm. "Would you like me to get you a diet soda?" Tanya waved her off. When I realized who they were talking about I glanced around the cafeteria to look for her sweetheart of a cousin, who she was always complaining about. I found him immediately; Anthony Cullen was walking across the cafeteria dressed normally for him. His pants were too short so that his red socks were visible, and he had a dark green button down shirt with a red bow tie. His bronze hair was in a chaotic mess with thick framed glasses around his deep, green eyes. The only thing different from any other day was the Santa hat that extended a sprig of mistletoe just above his forehead. On the front of the hat it read 'Kiss me'. The only way to describe him was adorkable. Anthony had arrived at the school at the beginning of December. Unlike me, he quickly became an outcast after the other students dubbed him a nerd. I would bet money on it that it had been Tanya's doing. I thought that Anthony was shy, sweet, and rather cute. On the several occasions that we've talked, his intelligence had impressed me. I always found myself interested in what he had to say, compared to the rest of the student body. He greeted a few girls with a crooked smile, but they just giggled and quickly walked away from him as they whispered with their heads together. Instead of looking rejected, he smiled and moved on to the table where he usually sat alone. "How desperate can he be?" Mike Newton scoffed. He put his foot on the table, right next to my tray of food then rested his arms on the top of his raised leg. His shoes were covered with mud and slush, which he was getting on the table, only making me more repulsed. "I know, right? Completely desperate." Puppet One agreed quickly with him with a nod of her overly-permed head as she batted her eyes flirtatiously. He tossed her a grin and she giggled annoyingly. I rolled my eyes, aggravated. Mike was like a fly that I couldn't shoo away. "Mike, can you remove your shoe, please? I'm not really into sole food," I asked politely, wrinkling my nose. He laughed, like a braying donkey, but I found the situation far from amusing. "Sole food… that's a great one." Mike removed his foot from the table; however, he chose to sit down in the seat next to me. I grabbed a napkin and wiped the mess that Mike left behind. I balled the napkin up and left it on the table. "I don't get it." Jessica scowled at me for stealing Mike's attention. Her arms were crossed in front of her resting on the table. Tanya rolled her eyes. "Sole as in a shoe sole." She tapped her fingers on her tray. "Bella's a comedian now." She smiled as she tilted her head to the side, but she didn't seem pleased. I looked away from the table with a sigh. I glanced at Anthony, who was still sitting alone with a book. A few kids from the tables around him were whispering and looking towards him. I was appalled because he was a sweet guy and didn't deserve to be ridiculed for being different. He glanced around, no longer looking happy as he realized that he was the focus of everyone's laughter. I caught the gaze of his dark green eyes and smiled warmly at him. His lips twitched upward slightly before he ducked his head. I would love to join him, but the last time I did that, Tanya followed me with her puppets. They harassed him the entire lunch, and I felt guilty since I should've known that I would be followed by the vipers. Nothing that I said in his defense had made the situation better— only worse. "So, Bella, how about it?" Mike waved his hand in front of my face. I fought the urge to swat it. "How about what?" I glanced back at him in irritation. His smile faltered a bit then he tried to force a bigger smile. If he was trying to be charming, he was failing miserably. "Me and you. The semi-formal." He gestured back and forth between us with his pointer finger. The way he had implied it indicated it wasn't the first time he had asked me. "I don't…" I started about to turn him down as politely as I could muster, but Tanya interrupted as she answered for me. "She'd love to," she said, batting her blue eyes, and smiled widely to him. "Sweet." He winked at me before walking away with a swagger. "Wait…" I tried to call after him, but he was already at another table talking to Tyler Crowley. I turned back to Tanya, who still had a wide, false grin on her face. "What did you do that for? I can answer for myself, you know. I don't want to go to the dance with Mike." I glared at Tanya. "Are you dumb?" The statement was so ironic coming from Jessica that I almost started to laugh. "Seriously, Bella, when the hottest and most popular guy at school asks you out, you say yes, not no. Surely, even in Phoenix they knew that." Tanya tossed her hair over her shoulder as she lectured me. "Being popular shouldn't be a reason to date a person. It should be the person that they are. If you like Mike so much, you go with him, or, Jessica, why don't you? I don't think I'm going to go, and even if I did I'd rather go with someone else." I got up and collected my trash. I decided to head to class early, so I slipped my book into my bag before zipping it up. I made a mental note to just go to the library during lunch in the future. "Who?" Tanya looked incredulous. She scanned the cafeteria, filled with other students. She suddenly honed in on her cousin. "Tell me that I'm wrong and it's not him. You can't do that; it would be social suicide. Do you know how that will make me look?" Tanya whined. She looked like someone told her the world was ending. "Get over yourself, Tanya. Not everything is about you. If you actually talked with your cousin, you would know that he's a very nice, and a very intelligent guy; that doesn't make him a horrible person." Her mouth dropped opened. I doubted that anyone had spoken to her that way before. Lauren gave me a hateful look before she angled her body towards Tanya. "She doesn't mean that. You have every right to be upset. Anthony is a nuisance to society." Lauren consoled her by rubbing her arm. I swear the girl had a thing for Tanya. I shook my head at her slight against Anthony; it made no sense to me. How could he be a nuisance to society? He might be a bit nerdy, but he was a great guy. He was far better than someone who was obnoxious, like Mike. In fact, the more I thought about him, the more I realized how much I liked Anthony. I walked away from the table to dispose of my trash. Just as I got to the trashcan, there was a loud clatter from a tray hitting the floor. I looked up, and Mike was standing in front of a red-faced Anthony. "Oops, didn't see you there, Arthur." Mike smirked condescendingly at him. "My name is Anthony." Anthony pushed his glasses up his nose to keep them from slipping off his face. He glared back at Mike, who seemed to find it amusing. "Sorry, again." Mike shrugged. Anthony sighed then quickly bobbed his head in confirmation before he bent down to pick up the dropped tray. Mike kicked it away from him, causing more things to scatter across the floor. "Oops, I guess I'm clumsy today." Mike snickered. What an asshole. Where was the teacher in charge of the cafeteria? I glanced around, and the teacher on duty was absorbed with something on his laptop, completely oblivious. I would intercede, but with someone like Mike, it would only make things worse for Anthony if he was defended by a girl. Mike turned and spotted me. He glanced back at Anthony and smirked before he looked at me again. He was going to try and make things worse, just as I had guessed. "Hey, Bella, so what time should I get you for the dance?" Mike grinned at me. Anthony stiffened, then seemed to move faster. "I'm not going to the dance with you," I answered for myself this time. Anthony paused in the middle of grabbing a spoon. He glanced up, raising his head slightly. "You said you would just a few minutes ago." Mike scowled at me. "No, Tanya said that I would. I never said that. I don't date jackasses," I pointed out with a shrug not caring to be polite, not after how he treated Anthony. I heard Anthony snicker quietly. Mike glared down at him and kicked the tray a second time. Since Anthony's hand was on it, didn't