Title: Blame it on the Mistletoe Summary: Sometimes it just takes that one special thing to turn a regular moment into a magical moment, and sometimes you just gotta blame it on the mistletoe. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Edward and Bella, age 5 Esme Cullen loves throwing a town Christmas party every year. For as long as she remembers, she's just been over the moon about the holiday. This year's party is going along wonderfully. By now she and Carlisle have hosted so many that she has most things figured out enough that it all runs smoothly. Of course like anything else, there is the occasional hiccup, but for the most part these parties have become legend and everything goes as intended. She smiles as she sees her five-year-old son Edward running toward her. He's usually hiding somewhere during any parties or gatherings. "Mama? Mama?" He comes to a stop right next to her, so she bends down to give him her full attention. "Yes, baby?" He sighs and huffs. "I told you I'm not a baby anymore." "You're very right. I'm sorry. Now what can I do for you, sir?" Esme humors her son. "Where's the miffle toe?" he asks. Esme isn't exactly sure what he's asking, but she has a good idea. "The what?" "The miffle toe?" he asks again in exasperation like she should most definitely know what he wants. "Do you mean the mistletoe?" she corrects. "That's the stuff you kiss girls under, right?" Esme stifles a laugh. "Um, yes it is. But only if the girl is willing. May I ask why you want to know?" "Emmett dared me to kiss a girl under it, and if I don't I gots to give him my Gameboy and no way am I gonna do that. So I'm just gonna kiss a girl. Emmett says if you get them under the miffle toe they have to kiss you." He gets all of that out without taking a breath. Esme isn't sure if she should laugh at her children or be irritated at her oldest. He broke his Gameboy almost as soon as they got them and has been looking at ways to take Edward's ever since. "Edward, you can only kiss a girl if she agrees. You must never kiss someone unless they want you to kiss them, okay?" Edward actually rolls his eyes. "I know, Mama. I'm gonna kiss Bella. She'll be okay with it. She knows how much I love my Gameboy so I know she'll agree. I just need to know where the miffle toe is, " Edward says, as if this is an everyday request. Esme should have known this would involve Bella. Bella Swan is the five-year-old only child of Charlie and Renee Swan, who happen to be very close friends to Carlisle and Esme. Therefore, Bella's around quite a lot. She and Edward tend to play very well together. Bella's a serious child, but also has a very quirky personality … a perfect blend of her parents. She marches to her own beat, and the Cullens love her as if she were one of their own. Tonight, when the Swan family came in, Charlie just shook his head as Bella took off her coat. She was wearing a red tutu with white snowflakes, green tights, a green sweater and red boots. She also had ribbons of red, white and green in her hair. She looked very festive, but definitely not like the other little girls dressed in cute fancy dresses with lace and more subdued colors. That's Bella though; she always stands out in a crowd. Even at the age of five. "The mistletoe is hanging above the door, Edward, but you better not try to kiss Bella. Her dad probably won't like it." " Moooom, don't worry about it." With that he runs off, probably to find Bella. Esme knows her son is headstrong, so she figures she'll just let this play out and hope no one gets hurt. "Bella! Bella! I need your help. C'mere, please." Edward has found Bella and is now dragging her toward the door. "What's goin' on, Edward? Where we goin'?" They come to a stop in the foyer. Edward looks up searching out the mistletoe. As soon as he finds it, he maneuvers Bella directly under it. Then he looks around to make sure Emmett's watching. "I need you to do me a favor, please." "What do you need me ta do?" Bella really wants to know why he's been dragging her all around. Suddenly, he's giving her a kiss … on the lips! Gross! Her dad told her never to kiss boys. They all have cooties. Even Edward and Emmett. She pushes Edward away and stomps his foot. "If I get sick, Edward, I'mma tell my daddy. He said to never kiss any boys." Poor Edward is holding his foot and looking embarrassed. He also feels bad that he made Bella do something her daddy told her not to. "I'm sorry, Bella. Emmett made me. He dared me or I had to give him my Gameboy. Do you forgif me?" Bella thinks it over for a second. "I guess. I know you really love your Gameboy. Just don't do it again, 'kay?" Edward nods his head. "Okay. Do you really think kissin' me will make you sick?" She looks at her best friend who looks really sad, and even though she trusts her daddy, she knows in her heart Edward won't make her sick. Shaking her head she leans over and kisses his cheek. "Nah. Not you. Let's go play. We have to figure out a way to get Emmett back." And with that they clasp hands and are off and running, back to normal. Meanwhile their parents watch the whole scene, and while their moms think it's sweet, Charlie just knows, some day that boy is going to take his baby girl. Edward and Bella, age 12 As the years pass by, little Bella and Edward grow. The mistletoe becomes a yearly tradition. One Edward secretly looks more and more forward to. Bella's the best girl in the whole town of Forks. He can hardly contain his excitement every year when the holiday season arrives, for he knows he gets a kiss from Bella. This year though, walking past trees filled with mistletoe at the top, on the way home from school, he can't help but wonder. Would Bella let him kiss her earlier if he could procure some mistletoe on his own? "Bella, when are you going to let me kiss you this year?" he'd ask her every day on their walk. She'd always reply the same. "When we're under some mistletoe." Bella secretly loves Edward's kisses and has wanted to kiss him more as the years go by. "Come on, Bella. We don't need stupid mistletoe. It's nothing special; it grows everywhere." He waves his hands toward the trees they're walking past where mistletoe is growing in bunches. "Well, why don't you go up there and get some? Then you can kiss me now." She gives him a triumphant smile thinking she's settled this disagreement. Little did she know that Edward would actually try to climb and retrieve it. He darts for the tree and grabs hold, swinging his way through the branches. About halfway up he stops to give Bella his own smirk of triumph. He has no idea how premature he is in his thoughts though. With a few more branches to go to the top, he loses his grip and is suddenly dangling from the branches screaming for help. Bella's frozen to her spot. "Please, call somebody. I don't wanna die, I don't wanna die," he chants. Snapping out of her daze, Bella takes off running past the few houses to get to hers. "Daddy, daddy," she screams while running up the driveway. Charlie Swan rushes out the door to his screaming daughter. "What is it, baby girl? Did something happen?" He's frantic, the sound of her yells breaking his heart in two. "Daddy, it's Edward." She runs into his arms, barely able to speak from her cries. "He's falling out of the tree. Help him, Daddy! Please, help him!" She points to the direction she'd left him hanging. She feels so helpless. She's left her best friend and the boy who means everything to her hanging, about to fall to his death. At least this is the way poor Bella sees it. Charlie Swan takes off running in the direction his daughter pointed calling Edward's name. When he hears Edward call back he breathes a small sigh of relief. It only lasts seconds. When Charlie reaches Edward and sees him dangling from a branch so high, he almost passes out. Immediately jumping into action, he yells for the neighbors standing on their porch to call 911 and get a fire truck out here. He then positions himself below Edward and tries to soothe the terrified boy. Sure he's had thoughts of making him disappear due to the adoration Bella has been giving him, but he never hoped for anything like this to happen. "Ch … Charlie … I don't think I can hang on anymore," Edward manages to get out. "You got it, Edward. Just a few more minutes. Do you hear the sirens? They're real close," Charlie tries to soothe. "I can't hold on any … whoaaaaaaaa," his screams can be heard as he bounces through the branches all the way into Charlie's arms. They both fall to the ground with the force of his weight. "Argh." Edward is crying and holding his arm. Charlie tries his best to help the scared, injured boy get comfortable. Soon the sirens are coming to a stop in front of them. The first responder gets to Edward and checks him over, deciding he needs to visit the hospital to take care of his hurt arm. This could have been so much worse he thinks as he tends to the boy. Bella has slowly made her way to the scene frightened of what she might find. Tears streaming down her face, she knows this is all her fault. She should have just let him kiss her. She wanted him to. Standing aside watching them haul him away in an ambulance, she knows she'll never make that mistake again. As Edward is driven away, Bells vows from now on he can kiss her anytime he wants. That had been on Thursday and she hasn't seen Edward since. He missed school on Friday, and it's now Saturday morning. She wants to go and apologize for pushing him to such extremes. Esme Cullen answers the insistent pounding on her door. "Bella, how good to see you," she says to the sad girl standing before her. Poor Bella can hardly bear to look at Edward's mother. How could she even like me after what I've done? she wonders when she sees the smile on Esme's face. "Edward will be so pleased to see you," Esme informs Bella before inviting her in. "He's asked if we've heard from you." Bella starts to tear up. "How can you be so sweet to me? I caused Edward to hurt himself. All over some stupid mistletoe," she almost wails. "There, there, dear." Esme pats her on the back and rubs soothing hands over her hair. "It's not your fault. Edward told me what happened. He doesn't blame you and neither do we. Now dry those tears up and come. I have something for you." Bella obediently follows Esme to the library, where boxes upon boxes of Christmas decorations sit. It seems she was preparing to make her house gorgeous for the season. "Now, where did I put that?" Esme looks around with her chin propped on her fingers, trying to remember where the unnamed item had last been. Esme knows the one thing that will make her son feel better. If Bella hadn't shown up when she