Title: One More Christmas Summary: Conceding defeat was never in Bella's plans, but things change during the fight for your life. She's counting down the days but has one last wish, which Dr. Pretty Eyes plans to fulfill. With a little of his Christmas magic, Bella may just find a reason to fight again. Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Word count: 10,976 . . . . . Dying isn't easy. I mean, it is. It's not like you have to really do anything physically, but the mental part? Hard. The not easy part. That's the part that tears you into pieces and chips away at your soul and actually makes the physical part easy because you lose the will to live and whatnot. It basically fucking sucks. Like, a lot. It's not easy and it feels like it takes forever, but not forever. The days pass quickly as if the little minute hand is on speed. Your clock is running down and it's counting down to zero fast. There's not enough time to do everything you've ever dreamed of, so . . . once you've done all you can, it suddenly feels like the clock has slowed down. The minute hand is now toking on a blunt and relaxing, letting you live out those last days in misery and pain. It's been over a week since I was admitted this time. Two weeks ago, a week went by in a blur, but not anymore. My days strapped to a bed on oxygen and monitors now seem longer. I'm waiting for that inevitable moment to take my last breath. I'm waiting for every test result to tell my doctor it's time to stop fighting a losing battle. I'd tell him that, but he has these beautiful green eyes that are so full of hope. It seems a shame to crush that hope. If you asked him, he'd tell you I wasn't dying. He'd tell you I'm still fighting and with the right treatment, I could have more time. He'd tell you that because it's what he believes — or maybe because it's what he wants me to believe. He's a stubborn fella. He has that upbeat attitude still because he's young and still wants to save the world. The other doctors, though? The old ones who have seen people like me more times than they care to count? They'd tell you I was dying. They'd say that and then walk away like nothing happened. They've done it before. A lot. They're a little jaded and kind of like sore losers who've lost this battle too many times, so they don't even try anymore. Of course they try — pretty sure they're legally obligated to — but they'd see the signs Dr. Pretty Eyes looks past. They'd see I'm done fighting, but too scared to tell them to stop. I'd get a new doctor like that, but . . . I enjoy looking at and talking to Pretty Eyes too much. I might be dying, but I'm not dead yet. And I still have a vagina, you know. "Good morning, Bella." I look up from the book I've been reading since four a.m. when I gave up sleeping, and he's in my room. He's walking to my window and opening the curtains. I muster up a little smile as I close the book. "Morning, Dr. Cullen." He looks back at me, showing off his pretty white teeth with a smile before sitting down next to my bed. He's got his tablet in his hands, which means new test results and he reads them to me. He tells me the actual numbers because he knows I want them. His smile is unwavering, even though the numbers suck. It's not like they've gotten worse, but . . . sucking is sucking, no matter how long they've sucked for. "I want a Christmas tree," I say, looking at the blank space on the window seal. "One of those table ones, so what? Two feet? Three? And white and red balls with green lights. Oh, and that incredibly, gets-everywhere-and-spreads-like-herpes, sparkly garland. I mean, I want to be covered in sparkles before I've even wrapped it around the little tree twice." He nods with a chuckle. "Little Christmas tree, white and red balls — those sparkly too, I'm assuming — and STI-like garland." "And green lights." "And green lights," he agrees. "I think that's manageable. Might be against protocol, but screw that. I'll get you a tree." An actual smile curls on my dry, cracked lips. "What kind of topper?" "What do you like? Angel or star?" "We always had an angel when I was younger. It was my grandmother's, I think. God, it was old as hell, but . . . Dad and I always put it up. We'd break balls and replace them, lights would be tangled so we'd get new ones, and our ornaments were candy canes so different each year, but the angel remained the same. Every Christmas we'd pull it from a box and Dad would just look at it with a smile — some childhood memory like I'm experiencing now, I'm sure. I wish I had that angel." "Do you know where it is?" I shook my head. "I sold it at a garage sale before I sold our house. It hurt to even look at, so I didn't want it, but now I do. It was just homemade, like with a doily and wire wings. I probably have a picture of it on my iPad." He reaches to my end table and his pristinely white lab coat shifts as he stretches. I can't see anything under the blue shirt, but I can imagine. It's all I kind of have left. I imagine my doctor naked. My nice, tree-buying, book-getting, grease-sneaking-in doctor. I mean, of course I do, because who wouldn't? He's a very fine specimen of a man. Tall and lean with big, beautiful hands, but not monstrously big — big as in, on your hips, pulling you against him with just enough strength. His hair is almost red, but more bronze-ish and he has just the right amount of scruff. He must have perfected that level of scruff, so it should be named after him. The Edward Cullen scruff. It tickles, but isn't short enough to scratch. He's just handsome. Extremely handsome. Like, I may be dying but God blessed me with him as a little, "sorry about the cancer killing you, but look at this while it does," gift. He's a nice parting gift before leaving this world. "Find that angel," he says, passing me my iPad. I go into my pictures and search. I'd scanned them all before packing up my things to be donated and thrown away. I'm not sure why I thought of doing it, but something told me I needed to, and I'm glad I did. This taking forever, but not forever, dying has left me with some time on my hands, so reliving my childhood is nice. I'm sure I'll see my dad soon, but until that inevitable day, I could see him now in pictures. "Ah, here you go," I say, zooming in on the screen for the angel atop our tree before passing it to him. He looks it over, studying every detail before doing something. He's typing and I'm curious, but being tethered to a bed by tubing in my nose makes it hard to snoop. I need a longer leash, but I'll ask him for that tomorrow — if tomorrow comes. I think it will. I'm not entirely sure how close I am to death, but I think I've got another couple days in me. I kind of hope I do because I want one last Christmas. I'm totally okay with December twenty-sixth being my date of death. It seems like a good day to go, so I need to live another eight days. "Do you think I have eight more days left?" I ask, tilting my head in curiosity. "Seriously. Don't say you can have weeks or blah blah blah. Be realistic." The smile fades as he sighs. "I think so. I hope so. From your test results I'd say so, but . . . things can change fast — realistically. Now, hopefully this round of treatment does what we want it to and gives you more time. The infection makes things difficult, but I've seen you fight off worse. If anyone can make it eight more days, it's you. You want another Christmas." I look past him to the cloudy Chicago sky and nod. "I want more snow, too. I want a white Christmas and on Christmas Eve, I'd like to go out and let the snowflakes fall on my cheeks. Then I can die. Christmas and snow I need to hold on for." "You can barely get out of bed to use the restroom, Bella," he says sadly. "Going outside . . . it might not happen right now." "Well, I'll cross my afternoon jog off my schedule today, but I'm leaving the snowflakes on for Christmas Eve." The conviction in my voice surprises even me. I've done the jumping out of a plane, the seeing London, the watching a sunrise on a beach, and watching a sunset on another beach, and now I want this, too. I'm greedy, I guess. If you can call a twenty-three year old greedy for wanting to live another week. "Okay," he says as the smile returns. He lays my iPad back down and then pats my knee as he repeats, "Okay." "O- kay, " I tease. "I see that," he says. "You've got a little glimmer of living on your face. Be careful or I might just think the antidepressants and counseling are helping." "They're not." He wags his finger with a smirk. "They might be." "Nope. I've given up the will to live. This," I wave my hand over my face, "is just me wanting another Christmas. I'll probably die just after midnight." "I'm working that night, so don't even try it." "Don't you have other patients to annoy with hopefulness? Trying to die in peace, Dr. Cullen." "For the thousandth time, it's Edward. The dying get the privilege of calling me by my first name. And yes, I do have other patients to take care of, but first you get to endure my torturous exam." He pulls his stethoscope from his pocket and I groan. It's a fake groan. I actually like it when he touches me because he has warm hands and he rubs the end of the stethoscope between them. It's not all about the hands, though. I like when he's close. I'd like him to be close under different circumstances, but I take what I can get. The pretty doctor smells good, okay? . . . . . My days are pretty boring. I sleep, read, watch TV, have poison pumped into my body, and eat what I can. Sometimes I have tests, but not today. The highlight of my day today is walking to the bathroom and sitting in the shower while a nurse helps me bathe. We don't make eye contact or talk. I'm sure she's a lovely person, but this is degrading enough without small talk. Dying takes away all of your strength, and the meds to slow the dying don't help much. The morphine is fun, though. Dying gives me the right to have it whenever I want. I have a little button of magic juice and I push it a lot. Dying hurts and all so I need it, but I might take advantage of it too — just a little. It doesn't help with the strength thing and kind of makes it worse, but having a chick bathe me isn't so bad if it comes with magic juice. After the degrading bath, I brush my hair out as I'm tethered back to the bed. Even though there's