Authors Note We love Christmas so jumped at the chance to be involved in this contest! Unfortunately we realized too late that it meant we couldn't write…and then the plot bunnies started to come. We decided we wanted to write anyway, so here's our story – something that won't be judged or open to the public vote. Just our little bit of Christmas spirit, and we hope you enjoy! Thank you to MidNightCougar for pre-reading and Iris for her beta skills, even though she was tied down with judging AND the fandom awards! Thank you both! Summary 12 days of Christmas, 12 gifts, 1 secret admirer, and 1 kiss under the mistletoe. A Christmas Fic collaboration by Sparklyladies (Twilightladies and SparklyMeg.) Meet Me Under the Mistletoe BPOV 12 days before Christmas The bell above the door jingles as I enter, the sound of Christmas music meeting my ears instantly. I welcome the warmth as I step out of the Chicago winter and into the warm coffee shop. The smell of cinnamon, fresh coffee, and warm pastries assaults my senses, and my stomach gives a low grumble, complaining about the lunch it missed out on. Shrugging off my jacket, I join the end of the line and look at the menu above the checkout, even though I know what I'm having; the same as I do every day. I'm nothing if not predictable. "Hey, Bells." Mike the regular barista grins at me as I approach. "The usual?" I nod. "Please." I take out some cash and set it on the counter as I wait, and a few minutes later, Mike brings over my order. I glance around the shop and smile when I see my favorite chair by the fire is free. There's something I just love about Christmas and winter in general, especially when I can sit next to a fire in a comfy seat with a cinnamon coffee and a book. Ever since this quaint coffee shop opened around the corner from my work, I've become a regular. I quickly rush over, and put my jacket and bag down, securing my space. When I go back to the counter, Mike's ready and waiting. "Here you go, Bella." I grin and take it from him. "Mmm... Thank you." I leave the money on the counter and head toward my seat, turning back when Mike calls me. "You don't need this." He slides the money back to me. "What? Of course I do. Take it." He chuckles. "It's not a freebie, Bella. It's just already been taken care of." "Taken care of? I don't understand," I admit. He shrugs. "I came in to see this envelope this morning. Someone left it through the slot in our door with strict orders that your coffee and cake were paid for over the next 12 days." "I… uh… What? Someone wrote what?" "I think you have an admirer, Bella." He reaches below the counter and pulls out a note. "I thought you'd want to see. Look." I eagerly take the note from him, my gaze taking in the note from my stranger. Bella, Did you know you mouth the words when you're reading? I can always tell what kind of story you're reading, because it's written all over your face. One day, I want to be the reason behind your smiles. One day, I want to be able to tell you who I am, so you know you're the reason I smile. Maybe at Christmas. Yours xo I can't even begin to fight the butterflies in my stomach. I make someone smile, someone who wants me to know. My Christmas just got a whole lot better. xXx 11 days before Christmas The next day, even my grumpy boss can't wipe away my good mood. I make my way to my desk, sighing when I see the pile of paperwork awaiting my edits. When I went to college, I had huge plans to become a writer. I wanted to get lost in the fantasy world, and create heroes that made the readers swoon and heroines that women could relate to. Turns out, becoming a writer isn't as easy as I thought, and instead, I edit other writers' work. For now, it'll do. But I haven't given up on my dream. "Hey, you," I say to Angela, one of the other editors who sits in the booth opposite me. "You look different." "I do?" I look down. "I've had this outfit for ages. You even recommended I buy this dress as something different." She shakes her head. "That's not what I meant. There's something different about you. What happened?" I grin. "Nothing." She gasps. "Something happened. Tell me!" I check around for my boss and rush over to her booth, pulling out the note from my pocket. "Look what I got yesterday." She reads the note quickly and looks up to me, her eyes wide and her smile matching mine. "Who's it from?" I roll my eyes. "I have no idea." "Not one? Nobody you've been flirting with or anything? No colleagues? Friends of the family?" My mind briefly goes to Edward, and a flicker of hope ignites in my stomach. With his bright green eyes, auburn hair, and a jaw that just won't quit, that man has owned me since I was a starry-eyed teenager. I crushed hard through high school, always finding excuses to go and see Alice, his younger sister and my best friend. I shake my head, remembering he's barely even glanced in my direction. "Nope." "Oh." She reads the note again. "It's still exciting." I sigh and smile. "Yeah, it is." xXx The day drags, and I can't help but sneak glances at the note now sitting on my desk. The papers in front of me aren't enough to capture my interest as I begin to daydream and think about who could've left me that note. My work has taken over my life at the moment, and I can't even remember the last time I went on a date and felt even a spark of chemistry. The only constant guy in my life at the moment is Edward, and he doesn't even count since he's my friend's brother. "Bella!" I look up to see Angela standing behind a huge bouquet of flowers at the entrance to my booth. "What on earth…?" She giggles and puts them down on the edge of my desk. "I think your secret admirer strikes again." She hands me the card that no doubt came with the flowers, her smile growing larger by the second. "Open it." I grin and tear the envelope off the card. Bella, I love that you're not the kind of girl who expects flowers all the time or to be showered in gifts. That doesn't mean you don't deserve them. I picked the brightest bunch in the hopes they brighten your day. Yours soon xo "Let me see!" Angela takes the card and sighs before passing it back with a wistful look on her face. "If you don't want him, can I have him?" xXx 10 days before Christmas The flowers take a place of pride in my small apartment. The smell fills the front room, and I can't help but smile whenever they catch my eye. Someone somewhere is thinking of me, and that makes my heart soar. I give up on trying to figure it out and enjoy that giddy, excited feeling that has been missing for so long. He's made it clear he'll tell me who he is in due time. I just have to enjoy the ride in the meantime. At work the following day, Angela tries to solve the mystery of my admirer by making a list and scoring off the guys. "That leaves Edward, Bella. He's the only constant." I roll my eyes. "He's like family, Ang. He's never looked at me like that." I frown. "In fact, he's recently made excuses to leave whenever I'm in the same vicinity." She puts her paper and pen down. "Hmm. I still wouldn't disregard him. He's always been a little odd." I gasp. "He has not! He's just quiet if you don't know him. But once you do, he's smart and funny, and he does this thing… What? Why are you looking at me like that?" She smiles. "You like him." I nod. "Yeah, and...?" "No, you like him like him." I shake my head and scoff. "What does it matter if I do? He's never seen me as anything but his baby sister's best friend." xXx I'm cold and wet by the time I get home after work. The skies opened the second I left the office, and it was almost impossible to catch a cab. I push open the door to my apartment block, dreaming of getting out of my wet clothes and into a warm bath; the hotter, the better. I quickly collect my mail, deciphering the junk from the important items. My heart speeds up and an automatic smile finds its way onto my face as I come across a handwritten note marked for my attention. I'm torn between going upstairs, opening it in the warmth of my own place, and the eagerness I have to open it now. Now wins. I drop my purse to the floor and open the card, squealing and doing my own little happy dance once I've read it. Bella, I've never known someone who enjoys books as much as I do. It's just another thing I love about you. Please pick some books that make you smile. You're beautiful when you smile. Soon xo I read the note a second and third time before grabbing my things and heading upstairs, fighting the huge grin I know has developed on my face. My secret admirer has gotten me a giftcard for the bookstore around the corner from my work. I love how well he seems to know me. The next day after work, I rush straight to the bookstore and spend the voucher. I buy some of my old favorites and a new book that came out a few weeks ago. The cashier tries to get me into buying a Kindle and seems shocked when I tell her I prefer reading an actual book. That night, as I curl up with my book, I make a note to thank my admirer when I finally meet him. And a small part of me hopes that it just might be Edward. xXx 9 days before Christmas The following morning, I wake to a blanket of snow on the ground. It's the first real snow of the year, and instead of being annoyed that I have to make my way to work in it, I'm excited that I'm one day closer to Christmas and finding out the mystery behind my gifts. "You're awful cheery today," Angela remarks as I arrive to work. "I am?" "You're practically glowing." She rolls her eyes but still has a smile on her face. I sigh and sit on the edge of her desk. "I can't remember the last time I had butterflies over a guy. And I've not even met him!" Her smile softens. "He's dreamy. Have you thought anymore about who it could be?" I look down at the floor. "I dunno. I… I was thinking about Edward the other night." The other night is a slight understatement. He's slipped into my thoughts since the last time I saw him at the Cullens'. It's only over the last few days I've found myself thinking of him a lot more than usual. She stays silent until I'm forced to look up at her. "I knew you liked him. What makes you think it's him?" I shrug. "The presents just seem to be from someone who knows me, and the only guy who knows me is Edward." "Are you going to call him?" I shake my head. "No. He said he'll tell me at Christmas, and if