Title: Reindeer and What? Summary: Bella lives next to a reindeer farm. At sixteen she starts working there. At eighteen, with Edward's help, she finds out there is some truths about Santa and his reindeer. Pairing : Edward and Bella Rating: M Word Count: 3839 Once I turned sixteen I was finally allowed to work on the farm next door. Kris and Jessica have a reindeer farm; my folks just have a regular farm. You know crops, cows… that sort of thing. My two older brothers, Emmett and Jasper, work at our family farm. I'm not interested in working with cows and never have been, but the reindeers – I find them fascinating. So a few months before my sixteenth birthday, I asked Kris and Jessica if I could work there. They told me the job was mine starting the day I turned sixteen. That was two years ago, and I've loved every day of it since then. Just a few months back, I was told that they had to hire another person to help. Kris was getting too old to be working all day and night, besides the Mrs. wanted him to retire. So they decided to hire a reindeer specialist. The man would come and live at the farm in the guest house, starting next month. Until then, they asked if I could stay and live above the stable so I could help out more. The boss was sick and needed rest, I knew that, but I guess I didn't comprehend it was so serious. But now the fact that he hired another worker and asked me to live there too, made me realize this was more than old age and just being a bit sick and needing to rest. I was almost done with high school and I felt no need to go to college. I was where I wanted to be. Right here at the farm. I was very happy they wanted me to stay and live at the farm. I didn't have to think twice when Kris asked me, I simply hugged him saying "yes." After that he made me promise I at least would finish high school and graduate, which was only three weeks away, so I had no trouble agreeing. I ran into the house and told Jessica I was very happy and willing to stay with them. I informed my parents that same night that I was going to be living next door after graduation. Needless to say, we had a lively discussion that night at the table; however, I made them see this was what I always wanted and still want for my life. The weeks flew by and before I knew it I was packing and unpacking my stuff in my new home. The apartment above the stable was pretty big and soundproof, so I didn't hear the reindeer. The new worker arrived and got settled in as well. His name is Edward Cullen, and man, is he my own personal walking wet dream. His eyes are a deep green, and if you look into them you feel like you're drowning. His hair is brown with the oddest red highlights. I don't know what he does with it, but it always looks like sex hair. His body is rock hard from working ten hours a day doing manual labor on farms. I can't help but look and drool when I see him. Trust me I look every chance I get, especially when he isn't wearing a t-shirt. On September 13th—my eighteenth birthday—we planned to celebrate it by going all out for dinner. Kris and Jessica had invited my parents Renee and Charlie, my brothers and their wives—Emmett and Rosalie, Jasper and Alice—and of course Edward. We all had so much fun and I got a lot of presents. Even Edward gave me a present. I was surprised by the silver necklace with a little reindeer charm. I plan to never take it off. After dinner my family went back home and the rest of us drove in Edward's car back to the farm. Back at the farm, we drank some hot cocoa before Kris and Jessica went to bed. Edward and I were walking around the farm enjoying each other's company when suddenly he turned me to face him and kissed me. His hands held my face as he deepened the kiss. His tongue entered my mouth and danced with mine. No boy had ever kissed me like that, and I know why. Only a man can kiss like that. I swooned, my knees barely able to hold me up. My hands grabbed his jacket with all I had. I needed to hold on and to bring him closer to me. I needed more. One of his hands grabbed my hair and held my head in place while his other hand went under my butt and squeezed my jean covered bottom tightly. I felt like my body was on fire and it was only a kiss. Just thinking of what could happen if we took this farther had me moaning in pleasure. Of course this triggered his reaction and he pulled me closer. I could feel his erection rubbing against my leg. He whispered my name into my mouth and I was sure in that moment that my name would never sound the same again. "I need you," he whispered in my ear as his kisses had moved to my throat and his hand cupped my breast. "Edward," was all I could say in return. "I know you want me too, I see you watching me every chance you get." Oops, busted. "I don't do one night stands," I told him seriously. "It doesn't have to be." I heard back before we are interrupted. "Edward, Bella!" "That's Jessica," I told him a little concerned. We ran as quickly as we could to the house, there stood Jessica in her nightgown. "It's Kris," was all she needed to say. Edward and I ran into the house and upstairs. There in bed laid Kris looking pale white and breathing heavily. "Call 911," Edward ordered me. "No!" both Jessica and Kris yelled at the same time. We both look at them in surprise and asked why not since it's obvious he's not well. "We need to talk to you both. Now, before it is too late." Kris told us and his tone left no room for arguing. So we both nodded at him in acceptance. I felt like this was very important and found myself holding Edward's hand for support. He turned to look at me, but didn't let go. "What we're about to tell you, is something that will be very hard to believe. By the end of tonight you will receive all the proof you'd need to believe us. Just promise you will let us tell you everything without interrupting and, even if you still don't believe us before dawn has come, you cannot tell a soul what you have heard and seen tonight." Kris sounded like he meant business. Edward and I promised them to keep their secret. "Do you know our last name?" Kris asked us. Suddenly I'm ashamed that even though it's a very simple question, and I've know them my whole life, I don't know the answer to that. Edward didn't seem to know that either since he shook his head no. "That's because we don't tell anyone," answered Kris with a gentle smile on his pale face. I looked at him in a questioning manner. "If I tell you my last name is … Kringle?" "Then I wouldn't think a thing about it," I told him. "What about Kris Kringle ?" Edward asked him. "That's my given name, the name I work with here, but the name most people know me by is Claus." I noticed a faint smirk on his face. "Claus Kringle?" I wondered out loud not finding anything noteworthy about the name. "No child, Santa Claus ," I heard him say. "Say what?" Edward and I said at the same time not believing what we just have heard. "You heard me right, Santa Claus . We are Kris and Jessica Kringle, also known to most as Santa and Mrs. Claus," Kris said calmly. "He must be very ill," I whispered in Edward's ear. He nodded slightly eyeing Kris carefully. "No, he isn't ill, just very tired," Jessica answered me from behind us. I had forgotten she was there. "Sorry, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but you know Santa Claus isn't real, right?" I asked her. "Oh, my dear child, he most definitely is real. Now listen to what Kris is trying to tell you." She sounded a bit infuriated at my remark so I turned back to Kris and mumbled out a "sorry." He nodded and continued his story. "Every fifty years or so, a new Santa is chosen. My fifty years are almost up. This will be my last Christmas, before I hand over the suit." I decided to sit down on the bed, feeling this will be a long story. "Next year there will be a new, younger man wearing the suit, a man chosen by the reindeer." "Ho, ho, ho…" I said and then snorted at my own words how appropriate, "chosen … by the reindeer?" "Yes, the reindeer, my dear," Jessica said to me, "now let him explain." "Yes, Bella, the reindeer choose the new Santa," Kris repeated before elaborating a little bit more. "They do this just before the current Santa's last Christmas so the new Santa will have time to get used to his new job." "So, if this is your last Christmas... the reindeer must have already chosen a new Santa," Edward reasoned out loud. "Yes, Edward, they have. The decision has just been made." He paused to take a breath. "But before I tell you who will be the lucky one… let me tell you my story." With a faraway look he began the trip down memory lane. "I was twenty five when I met Jessica. I fell in love with her at first sight. Luckily for me, she loved me right back." He and Jessica share an intimate look that only they seem to know the meaning of. "Her father worked here on the farm and I had just graduated vet school. I was ready to start working as a vet, but I was new in town, and my office wasn't ready yet. The hotel burned down the night before, so I really didn't had a place to go. Her father let me stay in the guest house. Instead of paying rent, he made me work here taking care of the reindeer after my rounds on the other farms as the vet. "It took me four months before I realized that they already had a vet in this town. I crossed paths with him when a farmer called both of us for one of his cows, a delivery going wrong. Both cow and the calf made it. But it was this incident that made me question if I had chosen the right job for myself. I could not have saved both animals on my own…" He was quiet for a moment, seemingly deep in thought before continuing with his story. "I went back to the guest house where Jessica was waiting for me, the moment I saw her sitting outside my door, I knew I needed to tell her everything… about my feelings for her and about my feelings for the job I now hated. Jessica listened to every word I said never making me feel she disliked me for my feelings. No, instead after I had poured my heart out to her, she stood up and kissed me, telling me she loved me too and to come to her daddy the next morning, which I did. "He told me what I am telling you now. His fifty years were about to end