Title: Decking The Halls Summary: One store to decorate. One night to get it done. And one Edward who definitely isn't distracting because he's 100 percent not cute or funny at all. Nope. Pairing: BxE Rating: M Word count: 9,075 Decking The Halls "This is horseshit," I declare, stabbing a finger at the notice. I turn to look at Riley, who says nothing. Not that I expected him to. Declaring anything in the general direction of Riley is a gamble. Saying things, too. Basically any interaction at all. Life tip: if you can't talk to people, customer service isn't for you. He blinks, and attempts an expression somewhere between that of a Muppet and a mop. "I mean, look at this," I continue, despite knowing he'd rather I didn't. "First year I worked here, I had to do the Christmas display. Second year, I had to do the Christmas display. You know who didn't have to do the Christmas display?" He looks terrified. "People who'd already suffered enough for a lifetime, aka, those who'd worked here three years or more. That's me! That's me now. I've paid my dues, okay? I should be exempt from this. But no . Look at this!" Hands on my hips, I blow my bangs out of my eyes. "Horseshit." Third year in a row, I'm being forced to stay after closing as we head into Christmas. Jessica was hired two months ago, but she's not even working today. Me? Three years, eight months, ten days. And here I am. "I swear to god, if Jane puts me on window displays again, I'll strangle her." Riley doesn't make a single sound. The door to the lunch room opens, revealing Edward, who looks rightfully annoyed by the indignity of still being at work. "This is horseshit!" I yell at him. "Careful – if Jane hears you, she'll put you on windows again," he says, slouching off to the counter to grab a cup of coffee. "She's threatening to supervise that personally this year, too, so chill with the profanities." I throw myself down on the couch opposite Riley, crossing my arms. "Cheer up," Edward says, grabbing his almond milk from the fridge. Every time he brings a new carton to work, he makes a big show of drinking straight from it while staring at us all threateningly so we won't steal any. He's a lactose intolerant cry-baby. "Why?" "Because you're annoying when you're grumpy." "I hope she puts you on windows," I tell him. "She won't. I gave her cookies this morning." "Ah, see, I was wondering why your nose was brown." He just shrugs, leaning against the counter with his usual shit-eating smirk. Slowly, the others trickle into the lunch room as they finish closing. Everyone looks tired and pissed off. Holiday cheer at its finest. Jane bustles in, carrying a folder she's aggressively labelled 'CHRISTMAS.' "Right, the guidelines are in from head office, everything we need is in stock, and blind monkeys could do this, so if anything looks crap, consider yourselves incompetent." So encouraging. "There'll be two of you on each section. I'll supervise the windows, and Mike will be in the stockroom, as usual. I've just spent the last 30 minutes telling him how I want everything organized back there, so none of you will do anything without asking him first," she says. We mumble and grunt. "Now," she says, looking up from her folder to stare at us all. "It's really important that we do better than Pottery Barn, okay? They outdid us last year, and we're not going to let that happen again, are we?" Jane's sister, Tanya, works at the Pottery Barn a few stores over. And their parents own the pretzel shop down in the food court. And their brother is a mall cop. Literally the whole family works at Bellevue Square. They're weird. "Are we?" Jane repeats, harder and more evil-sounding. Oh, not rhetorical. "No," we agree. "Good," she says. "Well then. It's 10 pm now. I want to be done by 2 am. That's in four hours, for those of you who failed math." She throws a significant look at Jake, who's too busy checking his nails to notice. "Riley and Kate, you'll be doing windows with me," Jane says, consulting her folder. Everyone but Riley and Kate visibly relaxes. Something bumps against the back of my head, and I whip around to see Edward, still leaning against the counter, lowering his leg. "Did you just put your shoe in my hair?" I hiss at him. His grin grows wider. "When I call your names, come up here and get your guidelines and then go away. Heidi and Emmett… Lauren and Angela…" The room slowly empties. I'm nervous now. I know I won't be on windows, but I might get something equally awful. I hope I get Bedroom. "Bella and Edward," Jane says, and I almost sigh with relief, except Edward would never let me forget it. He reaches her first, grabbing the papers from her hand. I follow him out of the lunch room. "What did we get?" I say, looking over his shoulder. Or well, his elbow. You have to be tall to look over someone's shoulder. That's not me. A giraffe could look over Edward's shoulder. Or a person on a ladder, or a big box. "Dining Room," he says. " Nooo ," I groan. "Oh, yes. Napkins and goblets and table cloths, oh my!" "Dining Room is like the hardest one," I cry. "This is such horseshit ." "Ah, well, could be worse," he says as we head over to dining. "Look, Emmett's doing Face and Body." Indeed he is. He and Heidi are leaning against the cosmetics counters, reading over their guidelines. We weave through Bedroom. Why couldn't we have gotten Bedroom? Make a few beds, put out some toys, hang a few garlands, and we'd be done. But no, we get Dining Room. They cram four freaking trees in there, trees we'll have to assemble and decorate. Just that is going to take us ten years. I punch a teddy bear off a bed in anger as I stride past. Five seconds later I run back and pick it up, whispering an apology in its ear before tucking it in by the pillows. "Do you ever want to just… quit?" I say, hurrying after Edward, catching up to him just as we step into Dining. "No, I want to work at Macy's forever," he deadpans. "Okay, but what if we quit, right now? Do you think Jane would let us, or would she make us stay to decorate first?" "Definitely make us stay." "I was worried you'd say that." He pulls out a chair at one of the tables. "Come on, we'd better take a look at this." I mean, it's pretty straightforward. Head office send us sample pictures, and all the shit we need to put out is in stock, so really, it's just a matter of doing it. I look at one of the pictures and immediately collapse onto the table, wailing into my arms. "Hey, Whimpy," Edward says, "now's not the time. We have tables to set." "No but, like, just kill me, okay? I would rather be dead, I promise." "Tell you what, we get this done by 2 am, and I'll let you kiss me a little." I sit up. "What?" "Yeah, you know. As a reward." He grins slowly, leaning back in his chair. "Why would that be a reward?" He points at his face. "Self-explanatory." "You're really full of yourself." "Come on, you know you've had a crush on me since I started here." I blush. "No, I haven't." Yes, I have. "I think your pants are on fire," he says, standing up. "Look, we should both just admit we're the best looking people here. We deserve only the best. I, of course, exceed all your expectations. You're too prone to crippling guilt to ever steal my almond milk. We're perfect for each other." "I don't think that's generally how relationships work." "Of course it is." "No, because I steal your almond milk all the time. I'm an awful person." He stares at me for a beat. "You get that I spit a little into that milk, right? Like, that's why I drink from the carton." "Maybe that's why I steal it." Immediately, I wrinkle my nose. "Okay, no, I'm sorry, that was gross. Too far. I don't steal your milk. I don't want your… spit." "I think you do, though. And I'm offering it to you, directly from the source." He puckers up his lips, bending down as if to kiss me. "You look ridiculous." "And you look like my future wife. What's your point?" I roll my eyes. "Let's just get on with this. I'll get some boxes from Mike." The stockroom is organized chaos of only the sort Jane can force us all into. Mike's standing on a couple of pallets, directing people left and right. He looks harassed. "Hey," I say. "Dining." "Dining? Ouch." He checks the paper in his hand. It's a hand-drawn map of the stockroom, full of Jane's notes. All in blood-red ink, because of course. "Uhm, okay, you're down by the back, past Kitchen. All the boxes are there." "Cool. See you later." When I get back to Edward, rolling boxes, tape, and bubble wrap on a cart, he's somehow found the time to change out of his work suit. Even though he looks better in a black suit than should actually be allowed, I like him better in jeans, so this works well for me. He offers to get started so I can change, too, and when I come back, I get going on cutting up pieces of bubble wrap, ready to use as he folds out the boxes. "How's school going?" I ask a while later, heading over to the shelf of plates. Thankfully some of them get to stay, so we don't have to strip the entire section. "Oh, you know. Crippling my soul, shredding my mind, setting me up for inevitable failure." He's studying business finance, because he's a nerd like that. I see him on campus now and again, and he double-straps his backpack. "The usual, then." "Yeah. You?" "Same. But one of my professors went into false labour the other day. That was cool." He raises an eyebrow. "Cool because we all got to go home," I defend myself. "Not because she dropped a kid on the… Never mind." We go through each shelf in turn, checking the guidelines to see which sets we're keeping up, and which ones are getting replaced by something tacky. We're efficient, except about halfway through when Edward decides he needs to tape bubble wrap around any part of me he can reach. "Technically, I think this is a health-and-safety violation," I mutter from inside the tube he's fashioned around my head. I lift it off in time to see him shrug. "The worst that could happen would be that you choked and died." "Oh, is that all?" I roll my eyes and reach up, jamming the tube over his head. It doesn't fit, and sits like a top hat above his ears. "Oh, that's real mature, Bella. I'm trying to work here. Stop playing around," he says, bending down to put tape around my knee. "What's that supposed to do?" "Keeps you on your toes." "O… kay?" I try to peel the tape off, but I can't find the seam. Before I even know what's happening, he walks around me and slaps me on the butt. "Hey!" I gasp, straightening. The fabric pulls unnaturally, and I try to look over my shoulder. "You—! Did you just tape my ass?" "I'd rather tap it, but this was a fun alternative." I rip the tape from his hands. "Okay, that's it, I'm in charge of tape from now on." He looks disappointed. "But—" "No. You've