Title: Momma Santa's Christmas Plan Summary: Esme Cullen has a plan for Christmas this year, she's playing matchmaker. The two she's trying to get together aren't even searching for someone else. Can she help her friend, single mother of three – Bella, find a man who will love her and her children? What will happen, when it's Esme's own son is who she's trying to match Bella up with? Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Word count: 11,712 Momma Santa's Christmas Plan Esme POV "Okay class, today we're going to make hand Angels," Bella says to her students. I smile at the group of kindergarten children I'm here to help with today. I take my time and show them how to do hand Angels. I help wipe up spills and make sure the children don't get paint on their school uniforms. I let out a breath as the bell rings for lunch time. "They really enjoyed that," Bella says softly to me as she helps me clean up. "I did, too," I say grinning at her, noticing she looks rather troubled. Bella is twenty-nine, and a single mother to six-year-old Bethany, and twin three-year-old boys, Bryan and Bryce. Bella married James Hunter, her boyfriend of two years, when she was only twenty-two. At first, she says the marriage was good. It was even better after only a year went by, and they were blessed with their daughter. Things started go down the drain for her when she was pregnant with her sons. James, her husband, lost his job and they were relying solely on Bella's paycheck. When Bella told him about her pregnancy, he told her that she'd needed to get rid of it. Bella is a strong Catholic woman and she couldn't ever do that. So, instead of ending her pregnancy, she took on a second job. I know Bella believes that her being so busy working is why she never noticed James' excessive drinking. She had just entered into her seventh month when tragedy struck. James got drunk and angry. He called her at work and told her he was tired of being a single parent. He demanded that she come home, and when she told him she would be home when her shift was over he got angrier. James then took their daughter, who was only three at the time and left the house. He buckled her car seat into the backseat of his crew cab truck, and sped off. He planned to go and bring her home. At the same time, Bella's parents just happened to be coming to visit. No one could've predicted that James would lose control and crash into the Swan's small compact car. Bethany was the only one to come out of the accident alive. The stress of it all caused Bella to go into premature labor. She delivered her boys just less than two months early that same night. Her bad luck didn't end there. When James lost his job, he had also cancelled his life insurance policy. It turns out that James had also spent all their savings and had lied about paying many of the household bills. Bella was left alone with three children and a load of debt. Her parents' estate was settled, but after paying their debt, she only had enough money to pay off the back debt she had occurred along with the massive hospital bills for her and the twins, who were in NICU for the first three weeks of their lives. Moving beyond the stigma of James' actions, Bella changed her and the children's last name to Swan during the process to free her of his wrong doings. I know through talking with her that she gets therapy through one of the groups that meet at the church bi-weekly. I know she's been working hard to not feel the grief and guilt that the entire situation left her with. I know from our talks that she believes if she had divorced James when he demanded she abort their sons, then her parents would still be alive. I have seen a change in her this year, one that's showing me she's finally healed, and ready to move on. I know she still struggles to stay ahead of the bills, but she's doing the best she can. She's such a caring and kind woman, and she gives so much time to those who need it. She's always donating time to the different church groups and activities. She will always lend a hand anywhere she can. She does so much for others that this year I plan to make sure she gets something special in return. Well ... I say something special, but I really mean someone. Edward, my son, he's a lot like Bella. He's been hurt and lost so much, and he's only thirty-five. He came home smiling seven Christmases ago saying he finally met a wonderful woman. Within four months he was married to her. I know now looking back, it was too quick, and he was just settling. I think he felt as if he had to settle down fast because of his age and desire to build his own family. Victoria was nice – in her own way – but it had become clear in the first year of their marriage, her modelling job was her main priority. Modeling is what she lived for. I still remember the call four years ago. Edward told me I was going to be a grandma, at long last. I was so happy for him; he's always wanted children. Two weeks later I got another call and my son was devastated; Victoria had lost the baby. I was heartbroken for them both. When they arrived a few months later for Christmas, I could tell something was wrong. Carlisle, my husband, told me to keep out of it. He felt Edward was quite capable, and didn't need his mother to meddle in his marriage. I couldn't stand to just watch my son be so broken, but I never got involved. It was not until Victoria was found dead three months later that I found out she had a drug problem. It was talking with him after that, when we learned more disturbing news. Edward found out she had actually never had a miscarriage. She had aborted their unborn child, in order to keep her modeling job. During his investigation, Edward also found out that she had four abortions total during their marriage. There were four babies taken from him; babies he so desperately wanted in his life. When Edward discovered her deceit after the third abortion, they had a fight and he was going to leave her. He just felt after her disregard to his feelings and desires, he needed to part ways with her. He tried to make things work, when she begged for forgiveness. Again Victoria fell pregnant, but a job offer came in for her and without taking his feelings into consideration she did it again. After he learned about the last one, he was done trying to make it work. He just didn't feel the love he should for her anymore. He walked out on her and she told him she didn't care. He filed for divorce and met with the head of the parish to which he belonged. After telling his story to the Monsignor and showing his proof, the church agreed to assist him and the annulment process was started with the Tribunal office. However, before either the divorce or annulment could be awarded, Victoria died of an overdose. I don't think it was intentional, the autopsy showed there was years of harm to her body from drug use. Much like Bella, Edward had to go through the grief and the guilt, but finally now, like Bella, I think he's ready to move on. I thought of this plan four months ago when he talked about moving back home. I just know it will work; they're meant to be together. I'm not sure there is anyone more perfect for my son than Bella Swan. Because of the circumstances behind Edward's divorce and his wife's eventual death, and the implications behind the death of James Hunter, both Edward and Bella are considered free to marry in the Catholic Church. "What are you grinning about, Esme?" I jump out of my inner thoughts and look to Bella. "Nothing," I say smiling and she hums. "Why don't I believe you? All you need is a white cat, and you could be Dr. Evil's wife." I tap her arm and roll my eyes. "Come on; let's go get some lunch before all the good stuff is taken." I link my arm with hers as we make our way to the cafeteria. "Are you bringing the kiddos to the Luncheon with Santa, at the community center tomorrow?" Bella winces and I know it's because the cost is five dollars at the door to get in, per person. "Oh and while we're at it, Carlisle and I would like it if you and the kids would join us for Christmas dinner this year." I push my bottom lip out looking at her sadly. "Hey, I tell the kids off for that," she says stopping our movements down the hall. "It's all I want for Christmas," I add on and she huffs. "Fine, but I'll help cook, and do the washing up or no deal." "That's fine by me," I say happily. I wanted her to say that she'd help cook, because little does she know that she will not be cooking with me, but with Edward. I manage to stop myself from letting out a big cheer that I got what I wanted. I just smile at her brightly as we walk into the lunch room. "What are you up to, Esme?" "Me, nothing," I say giving her a sweet smile. Our half-hour lunch break is over quickly. Bella has left to make a call while I give Mrs. Dates the information for the Luncheon with Santa. I arrive back to the classroom and I frown when I hear Bella's voice sounding upset. " Your advertisement said you loan money to those who really need it, and bad credit or no credit isn't an issue, yet now you're saying it is." Why is she trying to get a loan? Bella has always paid outright for everything. Especially after the things James did. I know for certain she never buys anything unless she can afford it outright. Money must be tighter for her than what I previously thought. " I've tried to extend my overdraft with my bank, but they said they couldn't help—" " But that was not my debt, and he has passed away—" " What about just five hundred dollars then?" Opening the door quietly and I see a broken girl sitting at her desk looking close to tears. " Yeah, never mind then. Oh, of course, Merry Christmas to you, too," she says placing her cell down. I know Bella has some money problems, even with her job paying as well as it does. It's just even great teaching jobs don't pay enough to get a single mother of three by in today's economy. I may need to have a talk with her later and see just how bad things are. I clear my throat and smile trying not to show any hint that I have overheard her call or know what's going on. "Oh, Bella, good news, Mrs. Dates is going to send out letters to the parents including the Luncheon with Santa information on it." Bella turns to me, putting on a fake smile. "That's great, Esme." I nod. "And to top off my great news, Edward asked Carlisle and I to come for dinner tonight." "How is he getting on with the new airport job and his new house, is he all settled in yet?" "He loves the new job, much