Title: The Snow Globe Summary: When Esme's idyllic newborn life takes an unexpected and frightening turn just days before Christmas, can an equally unexpected experience show her the true value of her gifts of faith, hope and love? A Twilight twist on a classic Christmas tale. Canon. Pairing: Carlisle/Esme Rating: T Word count: 5,534 And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love. - 1 Corinthians 13:13 The Snow Globe Esme paused to take in the beauty of the wintry woodland scene surrounding her. The freshly fallen snow possessed just the right, rare consistency that allowed it to cling to the branches. It was a spectacular view worthy of framing. "Only God could create such a perfect work of art," Carlisle murmured reverently, his low tones quickly absorbed by the thick blanket of snow. "You read my mind!" Esme exclaimed. It was astounding how often she and the man who had recently brought her into this strange new life had similar thoughts. At times, it was as if they were somehow connected. Other than the sound of the crunch of the snow under their feet, they strolled in silence and admired the splendor of the forest not far from Carlisle's home before they began to hunt in earnest. As they continued to walk, Esme became increasingly distracted. Carlisle was carrying a box under one arm. He knew she noticed it, but said nothing. It was one of the games Carlisle liked to play with her – seeing how long he could draw out a surprise. Not that he was being cruel – quite the contrary. Carlisle had found living with a mind reader most frustrating, so he enjoyed stringing Esme along with surprises just because, well, he could . And she played along because she could tell he got great joy out of surprising her, as well as giving. Watching her squirm in anticipation was his icing on the cake. "Okay! You win. What's in the box?" she blurted out. "I know!" a distant voice called out mockingly. Esme rolled her eyes. Edward was out of sight, off hunting already, but his gift was, unfortunately, far reaching. "It's not that impressive anymore, Edward." "It's a gift for you." Carlisle held the box wrapped in plain paper and tied with string. It must have just been delivered by post. "But Carlisle, Christmas is still days away and … and I haven't gotten you anything, or Edward for that matter. He's so young; I would have really enjoyed putting something under the tree for him. And –" Carlisle held a finger up to her lips. "Shh. We understand. It's still too soon for you. We've both been through the newborn stage, remember?" When Esme opened her mouth to protest, he tucked the box back under his arm and cocked an eyebrow. Esme press her lips together in a pout and dropped her shoulders in defeat. He knew her so well already. Her curiosity always outweighed her need to protest. "Okay. You win again." He smiled. And she melted. It was the same smile that made her swoon as a young woman, unchanged by time. He would remain as dazzling as he was today for all time, and if she was lucky, she'd have that long to be in awe of it. Patiently, he held the box while she untied the string and delicately tore open the paper. After all, just because someone has super strength, didn't necessarily mean it had to be used. Patience was a virtue, Carlisle often reminded her in his wisdom and experience. "Oh, Carlisle! It's beautiful!" Esme gasped. And it was. Nestled in the sturdy box, surround by balled-up newspaper was a large snow globe. The scene inside portrayed a small town, and in its square, a tall, decorated tree complete with a glittery star on top. "Turn the key on the bottom," Carlisle instructed, pleased with Esme's initial response to his gift. Carefully, she turned the globe over and gave the small dial several turns. The melody of "O Little Town of Bethlehem" filled the hushed space around them. Esme turned it upright and the "snow" swirled and drifted around the town's Christmas tree. "I love it. Thank you," she said, suppressing a twinge of pain in her heart for having nothing to give in return. She knew Carlisle heard her genuine gratitude, but could still see the hurt in her newborn eyes. "This is to celebrate the first six months of your new life. You are doing so well. Keep it up, and by next Christmas we'll be shopping on Main Street, I promise." "How much longer?" She cringed as her voice took on the tone of a whimper. It was often lonely in her self-imposed isolation in Carlisle and Edward's home. At times, she felt she might go mad with boredom. Carlisle looked into her pleading, dark crimson eyes – and lied. "Soon. Now let's hunt before Edward leaves nothing but scrawny rabbits." Esme turned her nose to the wind to seek out prey. And a man's fate was sealed. "Carlisle!" Edward read Esme's thoughts and sounded the alarm, but it was too late. With the speed only a newborn could harness, Esme was driven by hunger and led by a scent she and Carlisle had kept her so isolated from since her rebirth that the rush of it was all-consuming. She was drinking the warm nectar before her mind could catch up to her keen predatory instincts. Seconds later, Edward and Carlisle skidded to a stop before her. Esme was sitting in the snow, hugging her knees to her chest with the dead man's blood oozing down her pale chin. Her wide eyes stared at the hunter sprawled on the snow as the realization of her actions sunk in. "Hunting season is over!" Edward exclaimed as if it could justify both the man's unfortunate death and Carlisle's carelessness. "He shouldn't be here." Edward's nose wrinkled. "And…something about him doesn't smell right." "There's no way to undo this damage. We can only attempt to contain the fallout." He lurched for Esme, pulling her to her feet and shaking her shoulders. "Snap out of it, Esme!" It took a few more shakes before her eyes left the dead man and focused on Carlisle. "Go home. Do you understand? Go home! " From deep inside, Esme felt the unfamiliar pulsing drive of self-preservation. It was just as strong as the drive that consumed her when the smell of human blood hit her system. She ran. At top speed she wound her way through the trees that didn't appear as beautiful as they did just innocent moments ago. Now they seemed to leer and crowd toward her, threatening to punish her for her heinous deed. A deed she knew poor Carlisle and Edward would have to cover up. Somehow in her blind dash for the safety of home, she came across the snow globe. Intact, cushioned from the fall from her hands by the snow, it called to her. Esme scooped it up and continued to run until she reached her room. Shutting and locking her bedroom door against the visions plaguing her mind proved ineffective. Esme curled up on her bed, snow globe clutched to her chest as her vampiric brain churned out negative images and berating thoughts faster than she could comprehend them. She had killed. Taken a human life . For the first time, she had experienced the scent and taste of human blood and it was temptation and satisfaction beyond what she ever conceived was possible. Esme let out a wailing sob. Everything would change. She was a killer. Sweet, kind Carlisle could never harbor such an evil influence on Edward, who struggled himself with, as he named it, the "calling" of human blood. Undoubtedly, Carlisle would ask her to leave. She was weak, the only one of the three of them who had killed. She began to shake uncontrollably. Esme knew she was falling in love with Carlisle, and now all that could be over before it could even begin. The thought of being on her own again was debilitating, and without Carlisle and Edward, this life had no meaning or purpose. What would keep her from killing again and again? "I can't be this. I can't be this." Esme's body shook violently. The room began to spin and distort as her brain resolved for a second time to end it all. As a queer feeling overtook her, the snow globe began to vibrate against her chest. Esme scrambled across the bed away from it as it continued to shake and bounce. Then suddenly, it started to grow – bigger and bigger and bigger – Esme jumped from the bed just before it collapsed from the globe's increasing weight. She pushed herself into the corner of the room as the snow globe with its blizzard of snow swirling inside like a tempest filled the room. Esme squeezed her eyes shut when it seemed the enlarging object would crush her. Then she heard a popping sound. When she opened her eyes, she was standing on a dark street, snow buffeting her body. She called out for Carlisle and searched the veil of white for anything that could tell her where she was or how she got there. Wrapping her arms around her body and lowering her head, Esme began taking steps into the strong headwind. Moments later, a faint glow appeared in the street ahead of her. "Hello? Is someone there? Can you help me?" The spherical glow came closer and closer, and for a moment, Esme considered running, but something about the light was mesmerizing. She watched its approach. When it stopped before her, she could make out the shape of a person within the glow, yet her senses picked up nothing – no scent, no body heat, and no sound other than the howl of the wind. And then all of it stopped. Everything went still. The wind died and the snow fell fast to the ground as if it were small pebbles cast from a shovel. The night sky was clear for as far as Esme could see. She blinked several times in astonishment. A slight woman stood before her. She was dressed in a simple, cotton shift, yet she was so beautiful, Esme wondered if she, too, was a vampire. But no, the woman still had no scent and her eyes were a crystalline blue. "W-w-where am I?" Esme croaked. "Look around you," the expressionless woman said. Esme assessed her surroundings and gasped. Before her stood a tall, decorated tree complete with a star on top. In the middle of a quaint town square. "I'm inside my snow globe! How is that possible?" The woman let out a soft chuckle. "My dear, you are vampire . How is that possible? Surely, you must believe by now that anything is possible with God." Esme began to cower as comprehension set in. "Am I to be judged for my sins, spirit?" The woman before her began to glow brightly and her dress transformed into an brilliant iridescent silk gown as large wings as white as the purest snow unfurled from behind her. Esme dropped to her knees and bowed her head before the magnificent sight of glory. "Be not afraid," the angel spoke, her voice gentle and clear. "I have been tasked to give you one last opportunity to appreciate the truth." When Esme raised her head, the angel had resumed the appearance of the woman. "I don't understand," Esme whispered. The angel held out her hand. "Come, I will show you." Esme walked mutely next to the angel down the darkened main street of the empty town. "Where are we going?" "To the edge of town, just up ahead." Esme knew when they had reached the point the angel mentioned as the road split into three different paths: one to the right, one to