Title: Meet me at the Mistletoe Word count: 3863 Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Summary: Edward and Bella escape their families for the Christmas break and head to a romantic cottage. What part does the mistletoe play in all this? Meet me at the mistletoe I found myself watching the clock again, I knew better than to do this as it just made time move slower. I couldn't help it though I was so excited for my Christmas away with Edward. We were going to piss our families off to no end by running off to a cottage for the holidays; we just wanted to be alone and didn't want to have to battle with our families over who would get Christmas and who would get Christmas Eve. This way we'd be by ourselves without the hassle, we'd face the families once we were back. Edward and I had been dating for three years, I still remember the day I met him. He was tall and muscular, and had amazing golden bronze hair. A shade I had never seen before. He was friends with my best friends then new boyfriend Jasper, who is now engaged to Alice. I was astounded by his beauty and that was before I got to know the person behind the jade green eyes. I couldn't stop myself from falling in love with him as I got to know the amazing person he was. Our first Christmas was easy we spent the holidays with our respective families, last year had been horrific. I will never forget the tears our mothers shed or the emotional blackmail over who should get Christmas and who should get Christmas Eve. This year we decided to spend our third Christmas alone in a cottage where nobody knows us. I had his Christmas presents wrapped and couldn't wait to give them to him; he'd been drooling over the latest iPad Air and a Monty teddy from the John Lewis advert. They were like gold dust, everyone wanted one but no one could get one, however I had managed to work my magic and get my gorgeous boyfriend one. XXX It was finally 5 and I could officially leave work for the holidays, we had left it late and had decided to drive to the cottage today on Christmas Eve so that our families wouldn't find out until the last possible moment that we were disappearing. This meant that we were likely to get stuck in the wonderful thing known as the London traffic, with the people going home for Christmas and those Londoners that chose to escape the city. Edward should be picking me up at any moment, we had packed the car with our bags this morning before he took it to work, I did leave his presents with me because he was seriously worse than a five year old on Christmas morning when it came to presents. Edward didn't disappoint and was on time to get me with a huge cup of steaming Starbucks hazelnut hot chocolate for me, see, how could I not love him? The man comes with chocolate and in my opinion a man with any form of chocolate is a keeper! "Hey honey, you all set to go?" Edward got out the car to give me a kiss and hug. "Thank you for the chocolate" I tiptoed and gave him a quick kiss. "Hells yes, I've been watching the clock all afternoon! Let's get to our cottage." I loved the feeling of home his arms wrapped around me created. "I hope the traffic won't be too horrendous but it probably will." He gave me an apologetic smile. "I can imagine much more horrible things than being stuck in a car in traffic with you Edward. It won't be so bad and we have the Christmas album to listen to." I smiled and he groaned. He wasn't a fan of Christmas songs but put up with them for me and had agreed to listen only to Christmas music on the way to the cottage. I secretly think he loves Christmas music but is hiding in the closet about them. XXX Two hours into the drive and the traffic wasn't getting any better, we had been standing in the same spot for the last 20 minutes and before that had only crawled to get to where we were now. We knew it would be a long tough drive to Devon but we had planned around it. We would have a late morning and then work on Christmas dinner together. We had still yet to decide if presents would be opened in the morning or in the evening after dinner, surprisingly Edward was opting for dinner time instead of the morning. I wasn't sure how he would last until the evening but I was tempted to see it in action. The car was nice and warm and the Pogues were singing Fairytale of New York, me being a sucker for Christmas and bad singing couldn't help but sing along. " You're a bum, you're a punk, you're an old slut on junk, lying there almost dead on a drip in that bed, you scumbag, you maggot, you cheap lousy faggot, happy Christmas your arse, I pray God it's our last. " I sang at the top of my voice and Edward howled with laughter. "Bella, this is probably the only Christmas song I like and it's due to its total inappropriateness." "Sing along with me, please...it's so much more fun when we're singing together." "Is that because you can't hear how bad your voice is?" He chuckled. I had to give it to him he was spot on but it was also fun to see him let loose. "Yes." I pouted. "Okay, I'll sing along, how could I say no to that adorable pout? What's the next song?" "It's Driving home for Christmas." "I heard this earlier at work and think I know the words." He looked at me and grinned. " I'm driving home for Christmas, oh, I can't wait to see those faces, I'm driving home for Christmas, yeah, well, I'm moving down that line, and it's been so long, but I will be there, I sing this song, to pass the time away, driving in my car, It's gonna take some time but I'll get there, top to toe in tailbacks, o h, I got red lights all around, but soon there'll be a freeway, yeah, get my feet on holy ground " we sang together laughing and dancing as we did. This is why I loved this man I could be a total nut with him and not care about looking silly. The rest of the drive was pretty much the same; we sung along to cheesy Christmas songs and had fun. Edward held the steering wheel with one hand and his other hand held mine in between our seats. It was perfect, I couldn't have thought of a better way of spending Christmas Eve. I was blissfully happy; it should be illegal to be so happy with such an amazing man. "We're nearly there." Edward brought me out my thoughts. "How long do we have?" "The good old sat nav says we have five minutes to go." I looked at our surroundings out the window and we were definitely not far off, we were surrounded by fields. "I think it's time for my favorite Christmas song then, to finish off our journey." It was time for Mariah; I knew Edward would sing with me. I skipped the songs until I found Mariah and sighed as the song started. This song made Christmas for me. " I don't want a lot for Christmas, there's just one thing I need, I don't care about the presents, underneath the Christmas tree, I just want you for my own, more than you could ever know, make my wish come true...all I want for Christmas, is you... I don't want a lot for Christmas, there is just one thing I need, I don't care about the presents, underneath the Christmas tree, I don't need to hang my stockings, there upon the fireplace, Santa Clause won't make me happy, with a toy on Christmas day, I just want you for my own, more than you could ever know, make my wish come true, all I want for Christmas is you...you baby " "I still want presents." Edward pouted. "You're the best present anyone could want B, but you're not for Christmas you're for the whole year." He chuckled. "You've already got the best present, why would you want anything else?!" I winked at him and carried on singing. " Oh I don't want a lot for Christmas, this is all I'm asking for, I just want to see my baby, s tanding right outside my door, o h I just want you for my own, more than you could ever know, make my wish come true, baby all I want for Christmas is, you. " Once I'd finished I realised that Edward hadn't been singing along I also noticed that we had stopped and he was staring at me. I blushed, knowing I sounded terrible. "You're so sexy when you're singing along." His voice was husky. I blushed further. "I may not be able to see it because it's dark but I know you're blushing." I could feel the atmosphere in the car change, it was electric and I suddenly had the urge to kiss him. Reading my mind, he reached over and pulled me closer to him until our lips met. Our lips molded together in an intense kiss, as if we'd been apart for years. Our tongues battled against each other, trying to get closer. It wasn't enough I needed more. "I need you in that cottage now!" He growled pulling away from me and we both tried to catch our breath. I looked out the window and we were in fact parked outside the cottage. "Let's go inside." I panted. We both grabbed our door handles and opened our doors as quick as we could and raced to the front door of the cottage. "Where's the key for the door?" I asked. Edward looked under the door mat and brought it out and unlocked the door. As soon as we were both through the door, Edward kicked the door to close it while grabbing me and kissing me. It wasn't a romantic kiss it was raw with passion and I wanted more, I shoved Edward's jacket off his shoulders and he let his death grip on my head go to let it fall to the floor. We ripped at each other's clothing until it was all in a pile just inside the front door. Our lips devoured each other; Edward bit my neck as he placed open mouthed kisses down to my breasts. I pulled at his bronze locks pulling him even closer to my skin, I couldn't get enough. Mariah had sent us into a lustful craze. He took my left nipple in his mouth, sucking on it like his life depended on it, sending shockwaves of pleasure to my clit. He pinched my right nipple between his forefinger and thumb before switching, leaving me panting and begging for more. "Edward, I need you to fuck me right now," he looked up at me and even in the dark I could see his eyes had dilated. I threw my arms around his neck and lifted one of my legs bringing it around his hip, I couldn't wait anymore. Grabbing my arse he lifted me off the floor in one swift move and I quickly wrapped both legs around his waist as he lined himself up with me and pulled me down filling me. We both groaned out loud. "Hold on tight." He began lifting me up and pulling me down on his dick, thrusting up and meeting me. "Faster." I panted as I felt myself