Disclaimer: All Characters but the ones I made up belong to Stephanie Meyer Author's Note: I am Handicapped so please bare that in mind if my spelling is off. I use spell checker Introduction Edward dumps Bella in the forest. Months later the Volturi turn up on her door step. They explain she is the mate to Caius Volturi. They ask her to leave with them. She said she will leave with them on two conditions. One they had to explain to her Family about vampires and give them a chose to come with them. And two give her time to adjust before they change her. They agree to her terms. Now 410 years later a ball is being held at the Volturi Castle to announce the new royals and all the vampires in the world are invited. What will the Cullen's do when they see Isabella Queen of Volturi and her kids. Author's Note: Didyme is not dead in this story. Prologue Isabella's POV The Volturi found me. The three kings found me in Forks 6 months after Edward left me. Their names were Aro, Marcus, and Caius. I felt a big connection to Caius. Aro explains everything to me then Marcus explains his power and told me he knows her my soul mate is I ask who he is because I have always thought Edward was my mate. But to my surprise Caius replies. "Your my mate my North Star. I hope you can come to accept that", Caius says I can tell he is nervous. "You won't leave me like Edward?" I ask him getting Edward's name out "No my north star. I will never leave you. I will never hurt you. I give you my word", Caius replies looking me in the eyes. I can tell he is telling the truth. "I will accept that", I say and fling my arms around Caius's neck and kiss him. He kisses me back with passion that Edward never did to me. I kiss him back with just as much passion. He pulls away after 2 minutes of kissing and plants kisses down my face. I feel a spark light up inside me that I never knew I had before. The kissing was so much better then Edward's. "I love you Isabella", Caius says, "More than my own life" "I can't say it yet. I am not ready. Edward broke me", I say looking down in shame Caius puts a finger under my chin and lifts it up. "I know the Cullen's broke you. But I will fix you. You will be my Queen. Take all the time you want. We have forever.", Caius replies "Thank you", I say, "Will I really be a Queen?" "Yes. Along with Aro's Queen and mate Sulpicia and Marcus's Queen and mate Didyme", Caius replies "I need time to get used to this", I say "As I said you have all the time in the world", Caius replies, "Will you be my girlfriend?" "I will", I reply kissing him again He kisses me again too before I pull away "Do you have a power?" I ask "Yes but not many people know. Whatever side I am on in battle wins if I want them too. It does have flaws. Sometimes my team losses in training but not often", Caius replies "How old are you in human and vampire year?" I ask curiously still sitting on his lap with his arms around my waist. "I was 28 when I was turned and I am 4000 years old I was changed in 2000 BC", Caius replies "Will it be ok for me to wait to I am 28 to be changed then I will be the same human age as you?" I ask "Of course my sweet anything you want is yours", Caius says "You're like our sister Isabella", Aro says and Marcus nods his head in agreement "I can see your bonds. To me and Aro we are your brothers, To Sulpicia and Didyme you are their sisters. Caius is your soul mate, to the guard you our their Queen all but Jane. Jane will be your best friend and Personal guard and Demetri will also be one of your guards. And I can tell you, you have a strong bond with your father, mother, step-father, 2 strong friendship bonds and you have to other bonds that show you are somehow connected to a male and a female that are you grandfather and your grandma", Marcus says "I don't have grandparents", I reply "They must be vampires. I am sure you will meet them soon", Marcus replies "I hope so", I say as the phone rings I quickly pick it up "Hello?" I ask "Bells. I have a surprise for you. Your Mum and Phil are coming. Actually they are here at the station. We will be home soon. Oh and Jacob called he is coming over now", my Dad says "Ok Dad. I will see you soon", I say There was a thumping at the door. "What is that smell?" Jane asks "Jacob?" I call "Bells are you alright?" Jacob asks "Aro I will let Jacob explain you need physical connect to read his mind don't you?" I ask "Yes I do", Aro says "Jacob come in but there are vampires here. One of which is my mate", I say Jacob suddenly was in the doorway. "Jacob a mate is like imprinting. These are the Royal Vampire Family. Aro, Marcus and my mate Caius", I say, "Put your hand on Aro's he reads every thought with one touch. Please do this for me Jake" "Bella...", Jacob says "Please Jake", I say "Ok", Jacob says offering his hand to Aro Aro touches it and gasps. "A shapeshifter into a wolf", Aro says "Aro this is a very strong friendship", Marcus says Caius pulls me on to his lap as Aro continues to read Jacob's thoughts. "You have the protection of the Volturi. The whole reservation has it", Aro says surprising me, "If your ever in trouble here is the number for the Volturi. Just ask for one of us. We pledge our support to you. Will you do the same to us?" "Jake please", I say "Yes we pledge support", Jacob says "Why don't you bring the pack and Imprints over now? We would love to meet them", Aro says "And I would like to share a secret", I say everyone looks at me "What secret my North Star?" Caius asks me "I will explain when everyone is here", I say "I will be back", Jacob says leaving "Can my family know about vampires and come with us if they wish? Trust me they can keep a secret" I ask "He can my North Star. Do you agree brothers?" Caius asks Aro and Marcus "I agree. He is a cop. We can use them maybe as Kings and Queen of the Vampire world. I am sure he will have a power like you sister", Aro says "I agree to. He can rule with us", Marcus says smiling "He can rule with us. That way you won't have to be parted from all your family", Caius says smiling I smile in return my first real smile in months. "Thank you. He should be home soon. How many guards will I have?" I ask them "6 until you are changed then 4 when you are changed. We don't won't to take any chances", Aro says "Who will they be?" I ask looking at the guard members who came with Aro, Marcus and Caius "I will be my Queen. My name is Demetri", Demetri says bowing to me "I will be my Queen. My name is Jane", Jane says also bowing "I will be my Queen. My name is Honour", Honour says bowing "I will be my Queen. My name is Felix", Felix says bowing "I will be my Queen. My name is Misty", Misty says bowing "I will be my Queen. My name is Max", Max says bowing "What are your powers?" I ask them "Mine is tracking", Demetri replies "My is pain. I can make anyone but you feel the worse pain imaginable", Jane replies "I am an Elemental. I can control Fire, Water, Earth, Wind and Ice", Honour says "I have super strength. I am stronger than any other vampire", Felix says "I am a Mind Controller. I can control any ones mind but yours", Misty replies "I can Weaken Others Powers but yours", Max replies "Why is that Aro? Why can't anyone's powers work on me?" I ask "I think you are a Metal shield. My power can't work on you either. I don't think even Eleazar's power will work on you", Aro replies "Who is Eleazar?" I ask "He used to be a member of the Volturi but then he left with his mate Carmen and became part of the Denali Coven. They are animal drinkers too", Caius replies kissing me neck "What would you like to drink when you become a vampire?" Marcus asks curiously "I want to drink the blood of humans. But only the rapists, murderers, child abuses, wife beaters and child molesters", I reply "That is good. We drink only from them too. We have them in the dungeon at the castle. That is where we get all our blood from. We get the scum from all over Europe and sometimes Asia. We also have a blood bank set up full of human blood we also use", Caius replies "That is good. I will do that when I am changed. How many guards do you all have?" I ask changing the subject back to guards "I have 4", Aro says "I have 4", Marcus says "I have 4", Caius says "What about the Queens?" I ask "They have 4 too. Once the Romanians our enemy's nearly killed our mates. We have given them 4 guards since then", Aro explains "How many are in the Volturi?" I ask "About 60 active members. But not all live in the castle", Marcus says "That many. That's a lot", I say "We need it. After all the Romanians have done", Caius replies "We are here", Jacob says coming in with Angela, "Bells I kind of imprinted on Angela" Angela and I smile knowing our secret. "Are we going to tell them?" Angela thinks to me "Yes. Just waiting to Dad, Mum and Phil to come", I think back to her as the others introduce each other "I think your father is home", Aro says, "I just heard a car pull up" "I will explain to him go up the stairs and wait to I tell you", I say, "The Pack can stay of cause" "I will stay with you. I have brown contacts", Caius says I nod as the others run up the stairs as the front door opens. "Bells?" Dad asks "I am in the lounge room. Come and join us I have some things to explain to all of you", I call "What things? And who are you with?" Dad says coming into the living room "Bella!" Mum says "Mum", I say hugging her tightly I then hug Phil who was behind her. I then look in her eyes. " Mum we have to tell them", I think "Will they believe us?" Mum thinks back "They are vampires and the others shape-shifters I think they can handle it", I think "I am Caius Volturi Mr Swan. It is a pleasure to meet you", Caius says offering his hand breaking me out of communication with my Mum "It is nice to meet you too Mr Volturi", Dad says shaking his hand "Please call me Caius", Caius says "Call me Charlie. I can see a grin on Bella's face. You must have down that. I am very grateful", Dad says to Caius "I am Renee and this is my husband Phil", Mum says "Dad, Mum, Phil please sit down and we will