Disclaimer: I don't own Middle-earth, or any of the characters, or any of the plots, etc, etc...! I greatly appreciate feedback, but if you don't like my story either tell me how I can improve it or keep it to yourself! "If you can't say somethin' nice, don't say nothin' at all" Thumper, Bambi Consequences of a Tale Boromir strode about, telling the tale of one of his ancestors, two or three generations past, Frodo thought he had said. It was a tale of blood and suffering, of glory and victory. But Frodo could not shake his mind clear of the images he pictured of the battles of which Boromir spoke so eloquently, nor of the images of which Boromir did not speak, but Bilbo had told him of in days long past. In hushed tones, never more than a few phrases, Bilbo had painted a picture of the battlefield he'd seen, once the fighting had ceased. The moaning of the injured, the desperate shortage of healers and healing supplies. The hopelessness, the helplessness. Then Bilbo would shudder and close his eyes for a moment, then hurry off around the corner or into his study, returning a few moments later with a cheerful smile, but each time there remained a tightness about his brow that betrayed the direction of his thoughts. Frodo stared into the fire as Boromir told of the heroism of his ancestor's second-in-command, who gave his life to save his lord, dying a brutal death at the hands of his foes. A dull pounding awoke in Frodo's forehead, bearable but continuous. He could not stop listening, for Boromir was a good storyteller, and Frodo felt that he could hardly refrain from learning the fate of the people of whom Boromir spoke, however long ago they may have lived. The fire crackled, and Frodo felt the muscles in his neck begin to knot up, his body responding to the tension in his thoughts. He gripped his knees as tightly as he could, as though it would let Boromir end his story quickly, and with the words "everyone recovered and lived for many more long years." It was not so, however. Some survived, but more died; a few that lived were maimed and crippled in body or mind to the end of their days. Those who truly recovered seemed, by Boromir's telling of the tale, at least, unscathed by their experiences. Frodo wondered if this were true, or if it were some tradition among Men to leave unacknowledged the impact of war, and the experience of so much death and suffering. Bilbo had had relatively few dealings with Men, and Frodo had never spent much time in Bree. And what little he had learned of Men throughout his life was centered around the Men who inhabited Bree, and perhaps the Rangers. Although Frodo now knew that the Rangers were descended from the Kings of Old, still they were not known as such in Bree or the Shire, and thus Frodo felt it would be unwise to trust much to what knowledge he had of that race. At any rate, Frodo hoped that he should never have an opportunity to find out how a Man would respond to war, death and suffering, years after the fact. But this tale that Boromir continued to relate…Frodo didn't know exactly what it was, but something was making him feel rather sick. His head ached, but that was common enough and seemed to be a result of the difficult subject matter being described by Boromir. Frodo wished mightily that he could excuse himself and go spend some peaceful time reading a book, or conversing of pleasant things with a friend. However, that was hardly possible, here in the wilderness, halfway between Rivendell and Caradhras. There were no rooms here, nor hardly anything pleasant to discuss. Oh, but his head was beginning to pound! He scarcely knew what to do. Well, that's not quite true; he knew that the best thing for him to do would be to allow himself to drift off to sleep. But he could hardly do that; his head was fairly spinning with reactions to the death he'd been hearing about for the past half-hour or more. He would simply have to sit this one out, and hope that he would be able to sleep at some point that night… "Frodo?" Gandalf's deep, gravelly voice spoke gently behind him. "Hm?" Frodo looked up, prepared to insist that he was quite full and didn't wish to eat any more of that….lovely….traveler's bread. As he caught Gandalf's eye, though, he felt him looking deeper into his own eyes than that. Frodo caught his breath and returned his eyes to the leaping flames. "What is it, Gandalf?" Frodo whispered, hoping to avoid a fuss. "Frodo, are you in pain?" Gandalf's eyebrows narrowed and dared Frodo to lie to him. "Oh, it's nothing, really…just a bit of a headache." As he spoke, the Ringbearer realized that his shoulder was also throbbing, though rather more lightly than it had tended to, lately. Frodo rubbed at his shoulder, just a bit, then looked back at Gandalf, whose disapproving glare had been piercing into the back of his head. He sighed. "Well, and my shoulder again…but it's really not bad, not nearly so bad as it's been." Gandalf shook his head. "Frodo, my lad, we are here to help you on your way, but we can hardly do so if you keep yourself so close! There are ways of dealing with these pains, if you will only let us." Frodo poufed up the small sack of spare clothing which served as his pillow, and flopped, albeit gently, onto his left side, wordlessly allowing Gandalf to take a look at his shoulder. The old wizard scratched his bear absent-mindedly as he took a moment to seek out Aragorn's eyes, as the Man sat across camp, sharpening his blades. Seeing Frodo lying on the ground, Aragorn started, then calmed and slowly made his way over to where Gandalf sat, seeing in Gandalf's face that there was no cause for alarm. Frodo, having closed his eyes for a minute, looked up to see Aragorn striding in his direction. "But Gandalf – Aragorn – you needn't bother him, truly!" Gandalf pressed Frodo back down, bidding him lie still. "It's the shoulder again, Aragorn" Gandalf murmured; Boromir was bringing his tale to a close, and Gandalf had no wish to alarm the other Hobbits. He needed to know what was going on with Frodo, and there was no way this would be possible if Frodo's cousins and loyal gardener were gathered all about. Aragorn laid his hands on Frodo's forehead and on his shoulder, closing his eyes briefly as if to look at something invisible to the naked eye. He exchanged glances with Gandalf, communicating something through his eyes unintelligible to anyone else. "Let me see the shoulder here, Frodo." Although he turned his head away, Frodo pulled his arm out of his tunic, allowing Aragorn to massage the shoulder, singing under his breath in Elvish. The throbbing in the shoulder receded, although it never fully disappeared since leaving Rivendell. Sitting back, Aragorn scratched his head, shaking it gently; then paused. After a moment he returned his gaze to Frodo and spoke softly to him. "Frodo, what is it? I sense…something, but I cannot help any more unless you tell me what has triggered this." Frodo turned away, and sighed. The images were still fresh in his mind, crystal clear visions of death, and grief, and unspeakable fear. He could find no words to communicate these things to Aragorn. "I…no. No! No, leave me be, truly; I cannot speak of it. It is nothing so very bad; I have always had more imagination than was good for me. You are both too good to me; it's really nothing to be concerned about." Frodo half-sat up, and twisted round to look into the unconvinced faces of his friends. you not help me to sleep? I know you both have that power. Gandalf, you have my permission to read my dreams – perhaps you will learn what you need to know from them. Is that not good enough?" Frodo glanced from one to the other, and suddenly felt once again how lucky he was to have two such powerful beings on his side, let alone bent on protecting him. Gandalf looked at Aragorn doubtfully, but the Ranger looked at Frodo thoughtfully. "I felt no impending crisis, Gandalf; perhaps a bit of sleep is all that will be required to put these pains to flight. If he cannot speak of it, he cannot…perhaps in his dreams you will understand what is going on here." Not quite convinced, Gandalf returned his gaze to Frodo, measuring him and gauging what ought to be done. Frodo had turned back around and pulled his blanket over from where he'd set it down when they'd made camp. He seemed restless, yet Gandalf had heard that tone in the Hobbit's voice often enough since he'd come as a young one to Bag End. He'd learned not to pick a battle with the lad if at all possible when he spoke so firmly, although in those days Frodo's voice was never so weighted with cares. Having made up his mind, Gandalf nodded to Aragorn, and the Man placed his fingertips on Frodo's temples, whispering the Elvish words which Elrond had used to send him to sleep many a time after some "accident" involving orcs or some stunt with his elder brothers. Frodo exhaled deeply, and after wrapping himself a bit tighter in his blanket, lay still. Aragorn clapped Gandalf on the shoulder, and, standing, indicated that he would be nearby tending to his weapons if he could be of service. Nodding somewhat shortly to Aragorn, Gandalf settled himself to focus on Frodo as he slept. Friendship…sacrifice…death…burning…blood…death…pain…suffering…death Rage…fear…sorrow…grief…wounded…despair…death…death…death… Gandalf stepped back, mentally, as he peered into Frodo's dreams. Although the Hobbit lay still and seemingly peacefully, to Gandalf's deeper gaze it was apparent that his mind was not at rest with itself. The wizard took hold of a measure of the power given him, and directed it toward Frodo's heart. He focused it again, and set it off again, seeking out the spot where it had been sent to heal and repair, to awaken courage and clear thinking. Gandalf sniffed in satisfaction; although he was unable to drive out all of the evil that had found its way into several of the crevices in the Ringbearer's soul. Of course, there was also a darkness within Frodo, centered on his shoulder, which Gandalf had noted frequently since Frodo's wounding by the Witch King several weeks before. But this new thing, this he could impact, if not eliminate. The wizard bent his will, muttered under his breath, and felt Frodo relax beneath his hands, one on the Hobbit's forehead and the other on his left hand, the one that had been so cold for so long. Some of the creases in Frodo's brow smoothed out, although several harsh ones still remained. Having eased Frodo's sleep as best he could, Gandalf turned his attention to the information he'd gathered about Frodo's dreams in those first few seconds. He pondered for a moment, then beckoned to Aragorn once more. "Aragorn, this is all a result of the tale that Boromir has been telling!" Aragorn was taken aback. "But…they are only stories. Why should the Bearer react so harshly and so physically?" "He has always been sensitive to such ideas as death and suffering; even more so now, since the stabbing, since he has had more chance to fear such things. The Ring heightens some of his senses, and judging by this occurrence, may have something to do with his emotional center as well." Gandalf turned back to Frodo as the Hobbit began to toss and turn in his sleep, suddenly restless once more. "Aragorn, take him over away