A Tale of Two Schemers PART 1 Chapter One: Much Ado About Something I blankly drew little swirls around the edges of my parchment as Professor Slughorn droned on about the effects of some remedial herb. "…what you can do with it next is grind it into a fine powder, which helps it to dissolve faster in your potion; however you need to also be wary of this…" My eyes drooped and I got bored with my doodles, instead I took to just tapping my quill on the surface of my desk. My eyes simply wandered over the room as my head came to rest in my hand. To my right there was a kid completely passed out, his mouth hanging wide open with his head tilted back. I frowned as I watched drool start to run down his unconscious face. In front of me were two girls, one was doing the other's hair into a braid while the other painted her nails. Right beside me there was a guy who pulled out his gum and stuck it underneath his desk while looking around cautiously. I pretended not to notice. I turned my head away from these people and tried to zone in back to Slughorn. "…you see, toads can be mixed with it, however, St. Mungo's has banned the concoction due to too many incidents which I won't go into full detail about…" The sound of a quill quickly scratching out words onto parchment met my ears and I looked a row ahead of me to see Severus Snape writing down all of what Slughorn was saying. I rolled my eyes. I always prided myself on studying hard and getting good marks, but Snape always got a better grade than everyone in this class. As I watched the git, I came to realize that maybe paying attention to every bloody second of Slughorn's monologues was what gave Snape the advantage over me. I also discovered that if that's what it took to get the highest grade, Snape could have it all to his bleeding self. There was no way I would sit in Slughorn's class for over an hour and not take a few road trips into dream world. It was simply not plausible to me. "….be careful if you try this though, boils are not something you want to get on your skin…" As I continued to watch Snape, a small noise from the back of the classroom caught my attention. My gaze flattened when I saw who had made it. The walking stooges; or 'Marauders' as they preferred. If there ever was such a thing as teen royalty in this school, it would be them. James Potter: the quidditch star, with good looks. Sirius Black: rich playboy, with good looks. Remus Lupin: yet another class genius to complete with, with good looks. Peter Pettigrew: sidekick to first two, certain cuteness to him, maybe he'll be handsome if he ever hits puberty. Yada yada yada; you get the point. Now as I watched them I gave a mental sigh. I knew from experience that within the next two minutes, the Marauders would do something that would ultimately result in some part of Snape catching on fire, to which the same old "shit hitting the fan" routine would begin. Let me describe what I saw that told me this was about to happen. As per usual, Potter and Black were sitting together, both whispering hurriedly to each other while sending the occasional glances to both Snape and Slughorn. Lupin had his fingers pinching the bridge of his nose as he muttered a few words here and there to the conniving two, to which the said two would ignore. Pettigrew would interject every once in a while, but mostly just sat there listening to Potter and Black with adoring eyes. As they concluded phase one, i.e. Black and Potter both leaned back in the chairs with smirks plastered on their faces, I checked my position in the room. Snape was on one side of the classroom, the Marauders were on the other. I was sitting in the middle. Usually not a good place to be… I leaned back in my chair slightly and estimated where the line of fire would be. I also had to take into consideration that the likeliest of girls to go into panic mode and start trampling people in their haste to get out, were sitting right in front of me. My gaze flattened as I realized my predicament. "...what you want to look for when picking them is a tinge of yellow to the green leaves…" Then came the subtle smell of burning robes. Shit. "…you do not want to pick ones that are a dark green however as they…" My eyes snapped over to Snape who was still writing down every word of Slughorn's precious speech, oblivious to the fact that the hem of his robes was now smoking. I debated for a minute if he had simply become immune to the smell, as it did happened frequently, or that he was instead such a teacher's pet that he couldn't tear his mind away from Slughornland for two seconds and back to the reality that he was on fire. I settled on the latter thought. As I finished my ponderings, I looked to Slughorn and saw that he had finally noticed that something was amiss in his classroom. He had stopped his droning and was instead sniffing the air in confusion. Everyone else in the classroom seemed to snap out of their daydreams and were also looking confused as to why the professor had stopped his sleep enhancing lecture. Idiots. Honestly, this routine happened almost twice a week; why were they puzzled? I glowered at the stupidity of the room and shoved my textbook into my bag as I prepared to leave. I gave one last look to Snape, who had finally lifted his head from his notes and was now looking at Slughorn perplexed, before shouldering my bag and shifting in my desk so that I could exit swiftly once everything went to shit again. I let out an annoyed huff and looked to the door. And then Snape's robes went up in flames. "It could've been worse, you know," Marlene told me, idly filing her nails in the chair next to me. She sounded completely unfazed by the current situation, as if it was just a regular event that occurred on a daily basis. Which technically it was, but that was beside the point. The point was I was not in the mood to be patronized after having a horrible, life scarring event befall me. My fiery gaze landed on her, and she rolled her eyes when she saw it, "what? You're not dead, are you?" My eye twitched at the casual brunette sitting next to me. Marlene McKinnon was not someone who jumped to theatrics easily; instead she would just watch on the sidelines as catastrophes, such as this, occurred to the people around her, looking on with a dull expression and muttering sarcastic words as only a true sadist could. That was my best friend in a nutshell. "My wrist is broken you chit!" I never said we had a healthy relationship. "Oh hush," Madam Pomfrey admonished as she tended to my broken wrist, "I'll have this fixed in a second." I turned to glare at the nurse now. Again, beside the point. Where was the sense of justice and fairness in this room? Did it run off with the sense of rationality? Fine. I would handle the injustice on my own. "I'm going to kill them. All of them." I seethed. "Miss Watson…" Pomfrey warned, her eyes narrowing at my attitude as she raised her wand and began healing my wrist. So now she cared about students trying to kill each other? Great timing, no really, just brilliant. "It's not the bimbos who set Snape on fire, Jack; they only trampled over you in fear." Marlene told me as she put down her nail file casually and sat back in her chair, "you can't blame the chaos, only the cause." "I wasn't talking about the bints!" I received another warning glare from Pomfrey to which I yet again ignored, "I was talking about the bloody causes!" "Language, Miss Watson…" Oh, take a pill. "Oh yes, you taking out the Marauders," Marlene said dryly, "I can see it now." "I'm serious!" I protested and then promptly let out a painful cry when I felt my bone crack back into place. I snapped my eyes to Madam Pomfrey indignantly who only raised an eyebrow, as if daring me to complain. I swear the faculty here has it out for me. "You'd be dead before the end of the day." Marlene continued, causing me to begrudgingly look away from the sadistic nurse and cradle my now fixed, but sore wrist. "The fan club would probably poison your evening pumpkin juice before you even had time to bury the bodies." "Then I'll come back and haunt their arses." I swear I saw Pomfrey roll her eyes before she walked away from us. "You need better life goals." Marlene tutted. I shot her another withering glance and then slid to my feet from the edge of the hospital bed, leaving the hospital wing with a strong desire to kill, or even slightly maim, a Marauder. My eyes nearly caught fire as I watched with complete loathing as Potter took a seat next to Lily at supper, his goons following suit with Black taking the vacant spot next to me. Beside me Marlene dully put her hand over my wrist and pushed it down so that the fork I was gripping tightly returned to the table before I could lash out and shove it in the boy next to me. Wee bit homicidal these days it seems… "If your only reason for taking the spot on the bench next to me is to give yet another insignificant, pathetic plea for me to go to Hogsmeade with you, Potter, I suggest you return your mouth to its closed position before I once again trample over all of your apparent hopes and dreams with my incredible ability to see into the future and tell you what my response will be." This carefully worded dialogue caused me to break out of my furious daze and turn to raise an eyebrow at Lily. Apparently I have poetic friends. The red haired girl said this all without even glancing at the boy who had his mouth half opened in attempt to greet her, and she only tiredly looked up when she had finished her little speech, waiting for him to respond. Potter blinked twice, his expression frozen from the time when he sat down. "That's what I thought." Lily stated, regarding him with a look of distaste before returning to her notebooks that were scattered about her, her plate of food lying nearby forgotten. "Who said we even wanted to take you bints?" Black questioned, drawing my attention back to the admittedly gorgeous, but egotistical grey eyed boy sitting next to me. "I just came here to eat." His death was imminent. "My flower is not a 'bint', Sirius." Potter was out of his Lily induced coma. "Fine," Black rolled his eyes, before nodding his head in my direction, "Jack can be the bint." His eloquence did nothing to sooth my anger. I had loathed the git since first year, ever since he 'accidently' pushed me in the lake after I told him he was an idiot for believing that there was a giant squid in the lake that fed off at least two first year students each year. Needless to say, it was the start of a long enmity. Throughout the past six years, his arsehole self just continued to grow, and I couldn't help but dislike him more as he was always 'pranking' somebody. Of course there was