A/n: Lord Of The Rings was the very fandom for which I started writing fanfiction. However, my writing was a lot different back then (aka I was trying to find my way around things) and my writing skills were rather lacking. Nevertheless, for nostalgia's sake and because I wanted to have all of my stories in one place, I decided to upload them anyway. So, after some brushing up, here they are. I hope you enjoy them in spite of it all. :) A robin flew amid the branches of the trees that surrounded Rivendell, welcoming with its chirps the rise of a new day. The little bird knew that the inhabitants of the great house which dominated in the fair realm would be having breakfast now, so it was more than eager to land on the balcony nearest to the dining table; it was quite certain that at least one of the Firstborn would place a few crumbs for it. The summer was over and autumn bore its last fruits before nature fell in its winter sleep, and the feathered creature had to make sure it wouldn't get hungry just yet. The robin waited by the edge of the balcony for a few moments, chirping and hopping happily, until its patience was finally rewarded. The gentle rustling of a dress and soft footsteps were soon followed by the graceful form of a black-haired beauty, holding in her elegant hand her own treat for the meek guest. " Mae govannen, tithen mellon, " Arwen said softly, noticing the robin. " Aníral mado, thenid? " Without waiting for the obvious answer, she let the crumbs fall from her hand onto the stone floor of the balcony. Smiling at the robin's happy chirp of gratitude, she went back to the dining hall to finish her own meal. Her father and brothers were also there, still having breakfast. Strangely, though Elrond Half-elven and the twins were eating, there didn't seem to be much cheer at the table. In fact, a keen eye would have been able to observe the quick, yet full of regret glances that all three cast towards another, empty chair. It was Estel's chair, the Man whom they had fostered, and who was destined to become known in the years to come as Isildur's heir and rightful king of Gondor. The Lord of Imladris caught sight of his sons looking at the empty chair again and sighed. Putting his fork down, he faced both Elladan and Elrohir and cleared his throat to make sure he got their undivided attention. "I miss him as well, you know," he stated, cutting into their train of thought. "Nevertheless, he made a choice and we must respect it." "Must he wander all Middle-earth like some wildman though?" Elladan asked, unable to hide his bitterness. "Denying his right to the throne of his ancestors is one thing, but this seems unnecessary!" "He is not alone out there, Elladan," corrected Elrond. "He is with the other Dúnedain, learning the ways of his people." "But, father, we are his family. He has grown amongst us, not them!" Elrohir said. "I will not deny that the Rangers are an honourable folk, the blood of Númenor still flowing strong in their veins. Nevertheless, his home is in Rivendell." "Perhaps for Estel, Elrohir, but certainly not for Aragorn, son of Arathorn. Now that he knows his true heritage, he must learn the ways of the people whose bloodline is much closer to him than ours. Only then can he decide what he is to do next in his life." "Was that what he said?" Elladan asked. "It was something that we both agreed to on the last discussion we had," Elrond replied. "But we could have helped him in that decision, father! We know how important this is to him!" Elrohir argued. The wise half-elf shook his head solemnly. "That was out of the question. He is an adult by Men's standards and more mature than many out there. He needs to test his strengths on his own." Elladan and Elrohir fell silent, realising that their father's words made sense. Arwen's eyes darkened, however; for another thought lingered in her mind. "This was not the only reason Estel left and you all know it," she said quietly. "He went away because of me." Elrond and the twins looked at her in sympathy. The day they had discovered that Aragorn and Arwen not only had met, but had even started having feelings for one another, had proved a most embarrassing one. True, they were partly glad about the chance meeting of the two. Aragorn and Arwen would make a beautiful couple and share the joys of the world together. But logic warned them that a Man marrying an Elven-woman could bring a lot of pain and suffering as well. After all, wasn't Lúthien Tinúviel an elven-maiden who fell in love and married a mortal man, only to die and share the fate of Men? None of the three wished that for Arwen. "Yes, I will not deny that," Elrond admitted after a few moments of silence. "But, Arwen, trust me when I say that the Ranger's life will prove a most instructing one for Estel. It will offer him the opportunity to sort out his thoughts and feelings for what came to pass between you two. So do not fret, daughter: it is probably for the best that things turned out the way they did." Arwen nodded slightly, acknowledging her father's opinion on this but not feeling particularly comforted. "Did you get any recent news from him, by the way?" Elrohir asked. "I was hoping he would send a letter telling of his whereabouts from time to time." "Indeed, I have news," Elrond answered with a small smile. "Your grandmother has informed me that Estel is enjoying the hospitality of the Elves in Lothlórien for the time being, and he intends to stay there for a month or so." "No injuries?" Elladan ventured to ask. "No injuries," answered Elrond mirthfully. "That is a welcome change," Elrohir noted. Aragorn was a lad full of curiosity for the world around him, driven by an undying thirst to see and know everything. It was a trait that made the Man different from the rest of the Secondborn that the Elves of Rivendell had encountered. On the other hand, it was also a trait that got him into trouble quite often. "Any news concerning his return?" Elladan asked, unable to hide how much he missed his foster kin. The Man had lived for many years with them, and Elladan didn't wish for their ties to be broken. "Nothing, I fear to say, my son," replied Elrond, saddened to see the disappointment written on Elladan's face. Elrohir draped an arm over his brother's shoulder in comfort. "But that does not mean that he is not thinking of returning, is it not so?" Arwen said, looking at her father hopefully. "Yes, quite right," Elrond said. "Who knows, he might be back when we least expect it." "That will be hard to believe," Elladan sighed. "It is so different here without his presence, father. To be perfectly honest, there is hardly a day by passing which I do not think he will come through that door, rubbing the slumber off his eyes and excusing himself for oversleeping again." In that moment that the door opened slightly, but it wasn't Aragorn as everybody half-expected. It was Glorfindel, fully armed and clothed for a long ride. "Elrond?" he said, standing proudly in front of the Lord of Imladris, his hand resting on the hilt of his sword. "The patrol and I are ready to set out. Do you want me to keep something under consideration before we leave?" "Nothing, except that you all return safe," Elrond answered with a smile. The seneschal was considered by everyone as part of the family after many long years of service, and Elrond was quite fond of him. After all, Glorfindel was the Elf that had literally given his life for the safety of Elrond's ancestors, facing one of the Balrogs that razed the fair city of Gondolin to the ground. And when he was resurrected by the grace of the Valar to yet again protect Elrond and his family, the Lord of Imladris was grateful. He knew he could always find unrelenting support and trust in the face of this old friend. Glorfindel smiled as well. "That goes without saying." With that, he headed toward the exit, but Elrohir's voice stopped him. "Elladan, we have not gone hunting for some time. What say we ride out for some tasty game?" Elladan's face actually beamed at that, and he faced Elrond. "May we go, father? We will only hunt within the borders of Imladris!" Elrond wasn't certain this was a good idea. The Orcs from the neighbouring mountain had become bolder and they were seen even in the nearby area of the Trollshaws. On the other hand, he couldn't deny his sons' wish. They were accomplished warriors, able to defend themselves against any danger. Besides, a hunt would put aside their sad thoughts about Estel. "All right… As long as you are careful!" he said in the end, trying to make himself heard over the twins' cries of joy. After all, he was still a parent, and it was his right to worry about his children even after they had acquired beards as long as Círdan's! The twins, however, were far too happy to notice that. "Last one to the stables is an Orc!" Elladan cried out, jumping off his seat and heading for the door. Such was his haste and eagerness that Glorfindel had to step aside before he was knocked over. "Sorry, Glorfindel!" The seneschal shook his head in amusement, then swiftly side-stepped again before the other young Peredhel ran over him as he shot after his brother. "Sorry too, Glorfindel!" Elrohir cried and then shouted to Elladan, "And the first one has to kiss him!" Glorfindel faced Elrond and Arwen, sighing and dropping his arms in melodramatic defeat, and then he graciously followed the twins at the stables. With a small smile tugging on his lips, Elrond called one of the Elves in the household to clear the table and he rose to take up his usual work in his study. Arwen accompanied him gladly, wishing to talk with her father a little while longer. "There are times like these that make me wonder if I am truly the youngest of us three," she said in mild tease, her eyes shining brightly as she recalled her brothers' antics. "They act as though they are still children!" "Indeed," Elrond agreed, but his face darkened as black thoughts entered his mind. "And yet I prefer it to the almost mindless hate they show at any Orc they come across; especially after what happened to your mother." Arwen saddened at the memory, for she recalled the incident only too well. The torture Celebrían had gone through in the hands of the Orcs was so terrible that, by the time Elladan and Elrohir freed her, her soul had been completely broken. Her only chance to find peace was to sail to the Undying Lands and, after she was gone, Arwen went to Lothlórien, finding comfort in her grandmother's care. As for Elladan and Elrohir, they let themselves be consumed by loathing for the Orcs, hunting down and slaying every such foul creature that was unfortunate enough to cross their path. "I am glad that it is over," she murmured, her hand clasped around her father's arm. "I still remember your letter regarding their behaviour. It sounded as though you spoke of different persons." "I was," Elrond sighed. "In fact, this is one of the reasons that I thank the Valar for bringing Estel into our lives. It is thanks to him that their kindness resurfaced in their hearts, and their hatred finally changed into wisdom