A/N: Last year, my dear friend, Jdifrans1 coerced me to write with her and a teensy-weensy wish was born inside my heart. That wish eventually brought me here. One day, a random image popped in my feed on Pinterest and this story began to take shape. This is an inadequate effort on my part to show my love and gratitude to the amazing people here who have become a significant part of my life. People I might not ever see face to face, but who have accepted me without judgment, loved me with open hearts. This little tale has many things from their lives... things they love, things they hate, things we have shared in chats that left an impression in my mind, events that happened in their lives, endings they wished for, but never happened. I hope you smile when you find your pieces, my persons. My first attempt to write something alone would have been impossible without ForeverRobsessed. She has transformed my gibberish into a comprehensible something. Accomplishing this gruelling task without complaints and always indulging my whimsical thought process are not the easiest tasks. I can never thank her enough, love her enough for what she means to me. Thank you for indulging me with this long A/N. I will try to write just one-liners from now on! Disclaimer - Stephenie Meyer owns all things Twilight. No copyright infringement is intended. Chapter 1: From Error to Error *Friday, 7:20 PM City lights blink like millions of fireflies, glimmering in the dark like jewelled patches over the surface of the earth, as it would appear to anyone watching it from space. Every light tells a story, every blink holds a change of event. They're not too significant in the history of mankind, but to the individual illuminated by that little spark, it could mean the world. Sometimes it's a turn to the right direction, sometimes it's finding themselves in the wrong place at the wrong time. However, at this moment, the lights around Angela Cheney only remind her of how wrong everything is going to be if she doesn't reach the illuminated red booth as soon as possible. It's a rain-soaked July evening in Calgary. Cars honk angrily as Angela rushes through the unusual traffic jam, dodging and jumping between the vehicles to get to the other side of the road. Her need to reach the telephone booth on the opposite pavement is greater than everything else is at this moment. Her phone is not working since she had dropped it in a puddle this afternoon, and she needs to call one of the only two numbers she has memorized. Like every other person with a mobile phone, her brain also remembers only the names on her contact list, not the digits attached to them. The gift of modern technology , she thinks sarcastically. Slamming the door open, she enters the booth, only to stop dead in her tracks. Muted streetlight seeps in through the textured glass surrounding the booth, red, yellow, and blue illuminating the lone receiver hanging limply off the hook and swaying slightly. The scene tugs at a melancholic string inside her, bringing back a time long gone. A little girl peeks inside the phone booth, as the voice of a woman grows louder. The kid's apprehensive eyes watch the scene as the woman's angry tears roll down her cheeks. Quietly stepping inside, she clutches the hem of the woman's dress in her tiny hands and waits silently. A few minutes pass, then the woman slams the receiver down, but it misses the cradle. Not caring anymore, she whirls around and starts dragging the little girl out of the booth by her arm. She doesn't notice that the call hasn't been disconnected. The crackling sound coming from the hanging off the hook receiver fills the air. The woman ignores a man's muffled plea to understand him, to let him talk to his little angel as she forcefully takes the child away. Angela had revisited that incident many times behind her closed eyelids. In her black and white dreams, the voice from the receiver got louder and louder until she woke up—trembling, drenched in sweat. Her subconscious used to replay this event from her childhood more frequently when she was younger. The voice on the other end of the phone had belonged to her father. They had been waiting for his return to their small hometown in England, but once again, Angela's father had been deployed. He could not make it home that summer. He did not make his way back to them, ever. Their family had never been the same after that. They had left their country and settled in Canada when Angela was seven years old. The resigned anger coming from her mother and her father's helpless plea pouring out of that piece of black plastic had been imprinted forever in her memory. Though she very rarely dreams about it now, when she had said 'I do' to Ben, the image had made an appearance in her head for a second. It takes her a few more moments to gather herself and remember her reason to be there. The nerves and panic return in full force. Dropping a quarter in the slot, she dials and waits impatiently. It rings a few times and then someone picks up. Angela starts talking before the person on the other end gets a chance to say hello. "Cynthia, I'm so, so sorry! I was stuck in a meeting on the opposite side of the city. My phone died, and I'm just leaving for home. Then there was this accident near a construction site that caused a major traffic block. I know you said that you'd like to leave early tonight, but could you please, please stay a little longer? I will take a taxi and be there as soon as possible. I will pay you double overtime for this extra hour. Please, Cynthia?" She stops to take a much-needed breath, and a familiar chuckle fills her ears. "Sorry, Mrs. Cheney. I accept service only in kind from gorgeous women, no cash." 'Wha—? Ben? Is that you? Why are you home? I mean, how? How are you home and I didn't know about it?" she nearly screams in excitement. "I got an impromptu leave. And imagine my shock when hundreds of semi-naked images of that underwear model on the babysitter's laptop screen welcomed me home!" Ben guffaws. "Cynthia must have been getting her David Gandy fill for the day." Angela laughs out loudly. "And I'll let you know, Mr. Cheney, that he's not just any underwear model! He is a super hot celebrity with millions of fans." "Whatever, wifey! I don't wanna hear about other hot guys you have been lusting after while I was away. Hurry now and come home to me. Cynthia has left a while ago, and our little princess is almost asleep. I'm in serious need of collecting that double overtime." "Are you now?" she whispers, her voice choked with happiness. After promising to be home soon, she puts the receiver back on the cradle and sighs. It's amazing how a single person can change the implication of an image forever imprinted in your soul . Ben had been stationed in Central Norway since last March for some classified CAF training. Though it wasn't a war front, Angela has been missing her husband like crazy. She is certain that the image of a receiver hanging off the hook will incite a different dream for her now. Just when she is about to step out of the kiosk, her gaze falls on a square object lying on the floor in the corner. Curiosity flares in her mind and she picks it up. It is a bar coaster. A strange object to find here, she thinks. In the dim light of the booth, she can only read the name "Bronko's Pub" printed brightly on it. There are also some handwritten words and numbers on both sides, but it looks like some kind of liquid had spilled on them, making it difficult to read them in the low light. Deciding to decipher it later, Angela leaves the red kiosk with the coaster clutched in her hand. The cryptologist in her doesn't allow her to leave it there, but at the moment, she has a more promising goal to reach. A few hours earlier in the same red telephone kiosk "Stupid asshole!" Bella Swan kicks the stand on which the pay phone is mounted. Her face is flushed with frustration, and she desperately tries to stop the tears from spilling. She should have known this would happen! If Mrs. Simpson's cats don't approve of a guy, it's a sign to not let that fucker even stand on your doormat, let alone taking him into the bedroom. But she had ignored the feline intervention and even saved Mike from both Buster and Flora. Their disapproving growls directed to his shoes and scratches on his fingers should have been enough indication. Though the sweet lady from next door apologized profusely for the misbehavior of her fur babies, the said babies never changed their heartfelt greetings every time they had encountered Mike. Bella is absolutely certain that they had mewed a smug "told you so" or two after she'd kicked Mike out. The deal was "she cooks-he cleans" whenever he'd stayed over. Last night, the pig had cleaned up her apartment quite well! She shouldn't have let him stay when he'd knocked on her door in the middle of the night, looking thoroughly beat. Though Bella had broken things off with him weeks ago, she could not shut the door in his face. Mike had three pieces of luggage with him. His excuse was that he was going out of town, and his car broke. The garage took long to repair it, while he waited in a nearby bar and then he wasn't in any shape to drive. "I will be on the couch and out of your hair before you're up," he had promised and he had kept it, too! Only making her home a little too clean in his wake! Her laptop, which had been on the kitchen counter, her phone charging in the living room because the power socket at her bedside had not been working properly, and her collection of Outlander toys had been found to be missing this morning. Her heart breaks for the kilt-wearing tiny editions of Jamie Fraser. Why a grown man would want them is a mystery to her. It is totally a girly thing to collect figurines of their favourite characters. Though Mike had talked about how his little sister loved the show, Bella had never suspected he'd steal those. Mike was neither poor nor rich. He was just an average guy with a regular job that paid bills without much trouble. Bella had never tried to learn more because it wasn't like she was going to marry him! However, she remembers finding unusual things in his pockets. Small office stationeries like a box of clips or a stapler, little soaps from the hotel's bathroom where he'd attended a conference, or the bar coaster from a pub he'd frequented with his co-workers. He'd always blamed his forgetful nature to put things back in right places. Now the more she thinks about it, the more it feels like a case of severe kleptomania. Bella's old laptop is still good for at least one more year, and her only consolation is that all her notes are saved in the cloud so that she won't have to collect them again. Nevertheless, she can't even think about taking notes on paper with a pen anymore. Technology has ruined her old habits and buying a new laptop will put a nice dent in her savings. However, the phone falls in the most emergent category. Without that, she is completely lost. Some of her contacts are synced in her