A/N: This is a collaboration with my dearest friend , my soul sister Jdifrans1 . We go by the name KindredSpirits771. There's no better way to pop my writing cherry ;) This is our entry for Anything Goes contest , which is an awesome event hosted by Sarah Elizabeth and Alanna Cappie . Thank you so much , amazing ladies ! GeekChic - you are so amazing to us and agreed to not only beta but also pre-read. Thank you so much for all the time and effort you put into our story! We are forever grateful. A huge Thank You to Jess Ryan for awarding this 'Superb Originality' . It still feels unreal to have such an honor . Thank You ! Disclaimer - Stephenie Meyers owns all things Twilight. No copyright infringement intended. All mistakes are ours. Snowflake Messages and Whispered Promises Stepping into the warm night air, I'm inundated with the thoughts of the crowd gathered. It's the last night of the biggest local festival of Durga Puja, and being in Kolkata, the largest metropolitan city of Eastern India, makes it more overwhelming. I have only read about the marquees, locally called pandals, that are erected each year as part of a Hindu ritual to worship their most famous female Goddess. And I wasn't expecting such intricate, captivating artwork nor such a huge crowd. Carlisle encouraged me to visit, knowing how tired I've become of being surrounded by mated couples and not finding a love to call my own. While I love my siblings, I fear I am hindering their enjoyment of each other and only stand to become more depressed the longer I stay in their presence. In my time spent studying alone, I read the vampire folklores of India and asked Carlisle for more information since he is much older and more experienced. He had not met any vampires from India in his travels but thought it certainly couldn't hurt to look. Being as I do not sustain myself on human blood, I shouldn't have to worry about being perceived as a threat, but the amount of people here will surely draw any vampire. What made me come here this time of year and to this very city is a mystery even to me. I accidentally saw glimpses of a shop sign board in one of Alice's fleeting visions, and the street name on it stuck with me, making my decision to choose this place an easy one. The thought of the people here worshipping and enjoying time with their families being looked at as easy targets eats at me. They aren't even aware of the monsters like myself who could be hiding around every corner, waiting for someone to become separated from their group so they can pounce and drain them dry. Pandals are very large temporary stalls adorned with gorgeous, intricate hand-crafted decorations, using every possible material on Earth. Inside those stand the idols of the Goddess, who is strange but wonderful-looking, with ten hands and some more idols on each side of her. Every pandal has the same yet different-looking idols of the deities. I can't even fathom the depth of this rich, centuries-old culture. The whole city is illuminated like thousands of Christmas celebrations going on at the same time. Loud Indian music is blaring from speakers in every pandal. Thousands of people are wandering from display to display, smiles on their happy faces, the women in beautiful dresses. Hundreds of vendors line the streets, filling the air with the scents of spices, sweets of every kind, fried foods, drinks, smoke from the grills, Chinese dishes, and local fare. Fresh-cut flower blossoms from the pandals add their own perfume to the air. Traveling from one booth to another, I blend in well because there are quite a few caucasians, or foreigners, as the locals call them, marveling at the whole scene with cameras in their hands. I follow the map from my hotel and the direction of the masses, searching for others of my kind and trying to control my basic involuntary reaction to human blood. Years of practice have made me strong, but never in my immortal life have I experienced this many people around me. I find a less crowded street between two pandals and hurry there to try to breathe a bit more freely. I allow myself a deep breath and smell it. My mouth pools with venom against my will, and I search for the source of the smell assaulting me. It sings to my soul a melody I have never heard but must have. Need tears through me like wild fire. I look around me and see a girl, not much younger than my physical appearance of seventeen years, with long brown hair and beautiful caramel skin. I seek out her thoughts but can hear nothing coming from her, yet her blood calls to me. It begs me to open her flesh and soothe the constant ache in my throat. I closely follow her to the front of the stage, where the idols are placed, and notice she doesn't bow her head down like most other people. Instead, she looks up to the beautifully decorated ceiling and to the walls adorned with intricate handicraft. She turns to face me and immediately takes a step back, her instincts telling her I'm not safe. Her eyes are deep brown and full of wonder instead of fear. Nothing could have ever prepared her for facing a being that wants nothing more than her blood. "Oh, sorry. I didn't see you." Her voice touches something hidden in me. I turn to listen and hope she talks for hours so I can learn how she says each letter. For the first time in years, I am thankful my memory is near perfect. I'll never in all my years lose the sound of her voice. She dips her head and quickly walks past. I watch her leave and catch her as she looks over her shoulder at me. Her cheeks flame considerably with embarrassment, and she hurries through the entrance. The decision laid before me is unlike the mortal one of fight or flight. There is no one I could not outrun or overpower. It's a moral issue that is ripping me in two. Am I the vampire who steals the soul of a young woman who came to worship, or one who follows after his father figure and chooses to treat humans as something precious I'm meant to protect? I move closer to the figure of the Goddess and away from the girl. She stands for justice and power; maybe if I stand by her long enough, she will bless me with the power to stay away. I couldn't decipher the girl's thoughts, but I heard her heartbeat, and I hear it still. It calls to me along with her blood. It tells me exactly where she is and that she's calm now. She should be running home to her family in terror, but she's not. She's out there in a place that is not safe from my kind. What if her blood calls to others as it does to me? What if the nectar coursing through her veins begs them to take a taste and they make no effort to resist and instead, snatch her from the crowd? Or worse, one of her own kind. Unlike the other patrons, she isn't with a group of family or friends. She's wandering at her own pace, completely alone. I've no choice but to follow her and search the thoughts of those around her for ones that wish to harm her. Though I don't detect any of my kind, that doesn't stop me looking at the other creatures from her own species. I can easily hear their minds thinking dirty things about her different body parts, leering at her with filthy eyes. And she is oblivious to it all. The way she moves in her bubble of melancholy, ancient aloofness separates her from people around her. I notice a group following her from a distance, trying to take advantage of the crowd. She stiffens a few times but seems unsure. The awe in her eyes when she looks at those beautiful crafts keeps getting disturbed by the rogues. A need to protect her emerges from my stone-cold, unbeating heart. I bump a little too roughly into one of the guys and say, "Sorry, man." "It's okay, sahib," says the boy with a devilish grin. "Do you need any help to find the next one on your map?" he asks. Eyes already shining with hidden greed, I know what he wants. This is the type of person I was warned about by the hotel's concierge. This scumbag wants to rob the easy 'foreigner' target. I pretend to be interested to distract him so that I can take his ass to the nearby police assistance stall. Luckily, they are happy to help. The police file a charge of harassment and being under the influence, thereby securing his night behind bars. I try to pick up the sound of her heartbeat. It's like a siren to me now, beckoning me to follow. It doesn't take long because she's looking in my direction with an unknown expression in her eyes. Like she wants to come closer and say something, but she stays where she is, on the opposite side of the road. I feel a tug on my shirt and look down to find a small child with bunches of flowers in her tiny arms. "Very cheap, sir. Very cheap. Fresh and good. Take please," she repeats a few times in her native accent. An idea forms instantly, and I pick a single flower from her bunch, paying a 500 rupee note to the small girl and thanking her. Her eyes light up, and she hugs my leg, making me chuckle. She tries to give me all the flowers, but I refuse. After giving me a big toothy grin, she runs away. I cross the street to stand in front of the beautiful brunette and hold the flower out to her silently. She locks her eyes with mine for a long moment and then reaches out her slightly shaky hand to take it. The very tip of her index finger touches my hand, and electricity bolts through my system. She must feel it too because taking two steps back, she turns and hurries away from me, disappearing into the crowd. I follow after a moment. If she thinks she can stop me, she knows nothing about the battle going on inside me. If I can resist long enough to get her home safely, I can allow myself to hunt. The nearest forest where I can get suitable food is at least hundreds of miles away. Staying far enough away to not be seen, I follow her through the festival. I still each time her heart picks up and then slows down. She must be easy to excite. Maybe it's the moment right before she steps into each new display that I'm hearing it race. Surely she isn't nearly walking into people all night long. I watch as she crouches down in front of streetside vendors who are selling some kind of tiny figurines. She buys a few, and it leaves a pleasant smile on her lips. After hours of her wandering and watching, I notice a tiredness in her steps. She stops at a food vendor and buys a box of sweets but doesn't eat them. Instead, she begins walking away from the crowd, and after a few short streets, enters the yard of a beautiful two-storied house with a garden surrounding it. It's quieter here and looks like a seemingly well-off residential area of the city. All the houses stand at a respectable distance from others, unlike most in the congested city. She stops at the letter box beside the main entrance and places the figurines