This used to be in One Song at a Time however I wanted people to be able to read this without knowledge of the other stories. One Song at a Time will focus on side stories that have to do with Almiel, Legolas, and Thranduil in the Third Age, mostly after Almiel's birth. Disclaimer: For this story, I have made disclaimer before in reference to why I chose Thranduil over Oropher. I did a little more research and I found the reference to Oropher in Unfinished Tales . However, in Lord of the Rings Appendix B, like I mentioned before I found this: "but before the building of the Barad-dur many of the Sindar passed eastward, and some established realms far away, where their people were mostly Silvan Elves. Thranduil, king in the north of Greenwood the Great, was one of these." This is mentioned under the timeline of the Second Age. In Unfinished Tales, Oropher is only mentioned on three pages, and when his name is mentioned in the Index it is asterisked to show that he is never mentioned in any work Tolkien himself published. In The Peoples of Middle-Earth there is another timeline of the Second Age, where again Tolkien makes reference to Thranduil as establishing Greenwood the Great: "Remnants of the Telerian Elves (of Doriath in ancient Beleriand) establish realms in woodlands far eastward, but most of these peoples are Avari or East-Elves. The chief of these were Thranduil who ruled in the north of Greenwood the Great beyond Anduin…" In my opinion, Tolkien had two different versions of the events and that he chose to publish the version with Thranduil. It is my opinion based on my own personal experience with writing, and this story goes with that conclusion. I do love a good Oropher story, however, and it gives a good emotional background to Thranduil's story. After all that, I am saying this once, guess what? I don't own Tolkien's stuff. The Life & Times of Greenwood the Great Part I: A Nation is Formed We Need a King c. 750 SA (Second Age) Lindon "Some of our kin have actually been united and settled in the woods south of here, it's now called lothlórien. They are being governed by Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn." Idhrenion said. He was one of the oldest Silvan Elves alive in Ennor, they who had wandered the land far and wide while no one else had. "The rest of us still have yet to find a place to call home, even though out of all our kin we have lived here the longest." The other Elf, Daugion sighed. "And who would unite us? None of those who would want a united nation want to be ruled by a Noldor. They believe that those who have been to Valinor and consider themselves High-Elves are rather lofty and look down on us." "It does not have to be a Noldor, what of one of our own people?" "We have been trying to unite our people for a very long time, to no avail." Daugion "That leaves little option then." Idhrenion said dryly. They walked slowly, lost in their own thought. "Maybe not," Daugion said, turning suddenly. "What of the Sindarin, they are High-Elves yes, and they are descended from Noldor yes, but none of them have been across the Sea. Most are more inclined to us than the others." "Which of them will come? All of them are happy and comfortable in Lindon, under the care of Gil-galad High King of the Elves of the West. Some have even happily settled in Eregion where they have mithril to keep them comfortable. Which of these comfortably settled Sindarin will uproot themselves to unite us?" "I do not know, but it is an option." Daugion replied softly. "In either case, will any of them understand us? We have love for Ennor, not love for the Sea as they do." "What of that warrior?" Daugion suddenly said, stopping in his tracks. "The one who saved one of the Eagles not that long ago! Did he look down on us? Hardly, and he even admired us at one point for our oneness with this earth." "Thranduil?" "That's it, perhaps he could rule us." "His parents have returned to Valinor, who's to say he will not join them?" Idhrenion said, pessimistic. "It is a risk, to be sure, but I think we should at least ask him." "We shall discuss it with the other leaders that we do have… Then perhaps we shall write to him." Daugion smiled. "As you say," he said. "Thranduil… I think that is a good choice. He is most assuredly strong enough to lead us, but is he wise enough?" Tawarthion asked. "We are already none for being rather eccentric are we not? What does it matter?" Suiadan asked. "Eccentric or not, it matters because he will be leading us." "Arphenion is right. First we must ask someone else, Gil-galad perhaps, or his charge, Elrond." Tawarthion said. "I agree." Daugion responded and soon a chorus of agreement fluttered through the cave in which they met. "We now have a possible leader, but no position for him to fill. Is he to be like Galadriel and Celeborn, Lady and Lord? Will he simply be the head of a Council? More of a governor, or will he…?" Arphenion started but was interrupted by Tawarthion. "I think he should be King." "King? Why king?" Now a chorus a surprise and reluctance spread through them. "Because," Tawarthion started, speaking slowly, "Our people have been scattered and not united for a very long time. We have little cultural identity as a whole, almost none. If we are doing this, a king would give the people a symbol. Once we actually have a king, and we decide on a land in which to settle, we will be a long way toward having a national identity." There was silence for a while and then Daugion spoke. "Yes, I think that is actually a good idea. Arphenion, Tawarthion, Idhrenion, Suiadan, and myself will go to Lindon. If we find Thranduil a good choice, we will either write or speak to him then. The rest of you spread the word, this may be happening rather soon, and quickly." Murmurs of assent filled the cave, so far, all was well. The five of them travelled as swiftly as possible toward Lindon. There, they requested a meeting with Elrond and the High King Gil-galad. They were led to a small meeting room, which ended up being a low table with pillow cushions seated around it. They stood and bowed as Gil-galad entered and then they were all seated again. As they did, Gil-galad eyed them curiously. "What brings you here?" He asked. "We have decided it is time for uniting our people." Tawarthion "As such we need a leader." Gil-galad smiled slightly. "I suppose you want me to find such a person? There are a few that come to mind, however…" "My Lord," Arphenion interrupted, "forgive me, but we have already chosen a candidate. We have come seeking whether you think he is suitable." Elrond and Gil-galad both looked slightly surprised. "And who might that be?" Elrond asked. "Thranduil," they answered. Shock mirrored on both the nobles' faces. Then they both became thoughtful. "Thranduil… he is a great warrior, that is true. He is one of my generals. But… Are you sure? He is… somewhat rash for an Elf. He carries more passion than most of us… when he is angered, he becomes unmanageable. Though… he can still be wise. He is somewhat young, but he has years behind him. He's just… not who I would have picked. Why him?" Gil-galad asked. "He may be all those things," Tawarthion answered, "but sometimes leaders have to take risks. He will gain wisdom as we go, as will we. Passion can be a good thing, particularly if he becomes passionate about uniting us. I am not saying he will for sure, but that he could. He has saved an Eagle before and that is a great symbol to our people. He does not look down on us, he can be one of us." Gil-galad remained silent for a minute. "I do not know if he is…" "I think he is a good choice." Elrond suddenly said, making everyone look at him with shock. "He is used to leading people as a general. Also, if he did not have any wisdom or leadership capability, you never would have made him a general." He paused. "Besides, as a Sindarin, as long as you keep him away from the Sea and keep him from being run through with a sword, he will never have an urge to Sail. We are friends, he and I, and he has lately revealed to me that he is feeling restless in Lindon. He feels that he is supposed to be elsewhere on Ennor, but he knows not where. This may be what he has been feeling." Elrond smiled then. "Anyway, if he ever actually decides to do something about it, there will soon be a wedding. Lady Oiolairë, I believe, has a strong ability to calm Thranduil, perhaps if you choose him, she will even keep him from committing overly rash decisions." Gil-galad, though at first almost scared of Elrond's outburst (he could never be sure what Elrond would say) became silent and emotionless toward the end. The other five, however, grinned. "Looks like we have a leader, if he accepts." Daugion said. "Yes, I suppose the loss of one of my generals will not cost me overly much." Gil-galad sulked. "You never said, or have you even thought about it, what kind of a leader he will be. The head of a Council I think…" "We have already selected that as well." Arphenion said. "Tawarthion was the one who gave us the perfect position, at least the way he explained it." Tawarthion blushed slightly. "Yes, well, we decided a king would suit us best." Gil-galad looked even more shocked now. Elrond wondered how much shock in this hour he could take. "A king? Are your people truly prepared for a king?" "Well, we believe," Daugion started. "You realize his word will be law, no matter the cost? A king will collect taxes? Will take your sons for war, and your daughters for servants? He will make demands, declare war, summon people, all at the drop of his finger. He will be royalty, his bloodline will forever be your ruler. He will have absolute authority… and you can do nothing." The five Silvans were sobered, but their eyes remained determined. "Do you say that as a King, or a subject?" Tawarthion asked. Gil-galad blinked once, his mouth opening. "It does not matter, but you simply do not understand. Our people have been scattered. We are trying to make a nation out of a divided people. Yes, he may do things we do not like. Yes, he word will be law." He paused. "However, we need that. We need a ruler with power, yes, even absolute power. If we chose simply a Council, all of the members would be vying for their own power. It would be nothing but endless debates and arguments. If we simply made him a noble, a lord or governor perhaps, no one would listen to him. Everyone would be fighting for their own power. From the highest noble to the lowest peasant. Anyone could make themselves king. We would fall apart before we had begun to stand. A king can, and will, hold us together, give us identity." Gil-galad and Elrond sat quietly, thinking over their words. "Well," Elrond finally said, "I now get a feeling that your nation will end up being the birth place of a great people." He paused. "You have certainly thought this through. Shall we write to the general?" He asked, looking to his King. Gil-galad finally nodded. "Yes, I suppose