Story Title: The Gamble Summary: Bella Swan has three choices: run away, marry Edward Cullen or stay with her father and face punishment for refusing his orders. Pairing: Edward / Bella Rating: M Word count: 9862 The Gamble Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. ...March... "Isabella," Charlie, her father yelled from the foyer of their white colonial-style home. The pure-looking white home with the green shutters and brick walkway that masked the horrors of its owner. Bella flinched, smoothed out her white blouse, and tugged on her school's cardigan before rushing downstairs. "Yes, Father?" she asked quietly. "You're not going to school today," he informed her coldly. "I want this house spotless by six o'clock, dinner on the dining room table, set for four. Wear something presentable." He tossed a hundred dollar bill at her. "Don't be a fuck-up like your mother and Angela." He slammed the door on his way out, dressed respectably in his police uniform. She brushed away her tears and tried not to think of her absent mother and runaway sister as she started her chores. She wiped down the countertops and stove, cleaned out the refrigerator, tossed out the trash, swept and mopped. She placed the roast, potatoes, and rolls on the table. Finally, she slipped into a lacy, navy colored dress, french-braided her hair and waited anxiously in her room. She was exhausted. And hungry. Maybe she'd be called down to join them for the meal. She peered down from her bedroom window and caught sight of their guests as they climbed out of a darkly tinted Range Rover. Edward Cullen and his brothers. Goodness, the three men were handsome. She stepped back, away from the window, hoping they hadn't noticed her. She sank down on her bed and hugged her pillow to her chest. Simple math told her she wouldn't be called down to join them. ... "The meal was delicious, compliments to the cook," Jasper spoke coolly, putting his napkin on his plate. "Now, about why we're here," Edward murmured, "you owe me money, Charlie. A lot of money." "I know," he rubbed his mouth, "but I need more time. I'll pay you back, I swear." "And we've heard your performance at work has been slipping," Edward added, with displeased frown. "And it's your job that is keeping you in my good graces. But you must be punished, Charlie—another missed payment, four in a row. I can't stand for that." He nodded across the table to Emmett, who smiled. "Please. Give me another month," Charlie begged. "No." Charlie's eyes went wild as Emmett forced him to his knees. "I don't have the money, but I do, I do have a daughter. She's a beautiful girl." Edward's nostrils flared, and Jasper's hand slipped into his coat. "I know you're in the business of sex and girls. She's yours for half my debt freed." Edward motioned for Emmett to let Charlie up. "Isabella?" Charlie nodded eagerly. "I've seen you eye her. She's yours." He called her downstairs with a loud bellow, "Bella!" She checked her appearance in her mirror. The bruise on her cheek was fading and nearly unnoticeable underneath her makeup. She took a deep breath and hurried downstairs, stopping abruptly at the sight of them. Hot. Handsome. Dangerous. Edward Cullen. Her mouth watered. Edward's eyes swept over her. Her hair was arranged in a fancy braid, similar to the way Rosalie sometimes wore hers, auburn hair with a small rebellious streak of vibrant blue. She was small, almost fragile. She wasn't as curvy as he usually preferred his women. Small breasted, but enough curve to stretch her dress and catch his eye. Her legs were creamy and smooth. Fuck him. He wanted her. Had it been anyone other than Isabella Swan, he would have put a single bullet between Charlie's eyes and walked away. "How old are you?" he asked roughly, his voice thick with want. Please be of age, he begged the Gods, not that he deserved anything from them, not with hands as covered in sin as his were. "Eighteen, I'll be nineteen soon." She spoke softly. The devil inside of him smirked with glee. Old enough. Jasper shot him a look, but Edward's eyes remained focused on her face. Her sweet brown eyes had always captivated him—not too dark, not too light, with flecks of gold and a warmth he hardly ever saw in his world. Not the brilliant shade of blue he normally sought out. He sucked in a deep breath and turned to Charlie. "You have yourself a deal." Bella frowned and crossed her arms over her chest. "We'll give you ten minutes to explain." He flashed her a charming grin. He looked like a badass, even in his high-end suits that flaunted his wealth and privilege. He was certainly the one in control of the room. Dangerous. Sharp, intelligent green eyes, dark hair with flecks of gray. It was unruly and disheveled, and she blushed as she imagined running her fingers through it. He had a certain rough sophistication to him that drew her in like a moth to a flame. ... "I'm not for sale," she hissed quietly. "Everything is for sale at the right price, Izzy," Charlie's fingers dug into the soft flesh of her upper arms, hard enough that she knew she'd have bruises in the morning. "You either go willingly or... you'll find out exactly what happened to your mother." She whimpered, frightened of him, as she often was. He ran his thumb over her bottom lip crudely, she could smell the stale cigarette smoke that clung to his skin. Her stomach turned over as he leered at her. "You're a pretty girl, Bella, you'll be just fine." Her options were bleak all around—fight him and face punishment, run away... she almost snorted as she took in the eight inches of snow on the ground outside... or go with the Cullens, on the upside, she'd be free of Charlie. Mr. Cullen might turn out worse than her father, but there was a chance that he'd be better. "Fine," she murmured. She curled her arms around her middle, her gaze remained on the floor when they reentered the room. Edward's fingers slid underneath her chin, his touch gentle as he pulled her chin upwards until their gaze met. "Hello, my sweet fiancée." Her eyebrows rose, along with Jasper and Emmett's; his deep laughter spread through the room as his ears caught her almost silent murmur, "What the fuck?" "Go pack a bag, darling, we'll need to go soon." He spoke softly, as though he was speaking to a skittish animal. His eyes followed her backside up the staircase, before he turned to his brothers. "Make sure Charlie here pays for his crimes, Em. I don't want this fool thinking he can cross me, us again," he ordered. His rage boiled under his skin. What kind of a father sold their child? "With pleasure," Emmett smirked, slipping a couple of his favorite rings onto his fingers. "But I gave you..." Edward cut off Charlie's pitiful plea. "To pay your debt. It doesn't erase the fact that you tried to play me. Hopefully, you're a smart man and you'll learn your lesson. Our next visit won't end well," he warned coldly. "Try not to break anything, Emmett. Leave my future father-in-law in one black and blue piece," he taunted, smacking Charlie's cheek. ... "You can't just marry that girl," Jasper spat quietly, lighting a cigarette. "It's fucking insane. In-fucking-sane." Edward rolled his eyes. "I can and I will. Tonight, as a matter of fact." He held up his phone and showed him where the arrangements had already been made. "I'm not going to give you some romantic bullshit spiel about true love, but I want her. She will carry my name. My protection." "Why?" "She's mine," he said possessively. "I've wanted her for months. Call it my obsession. She's like a delicious hit of heroin. So back off, Jasper." He took a long drag. "Fine, do you want me to tell one of the girls to add some female necessities to your room at the house?" Edward snorted. "No, we'll be staying at my personal residence. There is no way I'm taking my new wife, my most likely virgin wife, to Haven. I want to introduce her to sex, not scare her from it for life." He smirked at Jasper, who had a certain taste—the only reason he had invested in the lifestyle club that had turned a surprising but remarkably steady profit. Jasper took great pride in making sure his club was the top of the line, completely legit; that none of their extracurricular activities touched Haven. "Speaking of," Edward murmured, "we don't traffic girls. We put a stop to that shit when we took over for Pops. Porn brings in more profit without the risk, and it's legal. Will some stars turn tricks on the side? Sure, but that's not my business. I want you and Peter to start an internal investigation and see who's breaking the rules." "Understood." "And I'd start with Charlie." Jasper nodded, stubbed out his smoke and followed Edward back into the living room. Edward took Bella's suitcase and showed her out to the Range Rover as she clutched her backpack to her chest. "Where are your brothers?" she asked nervously. "They still have some business to discuss with your father." He twisted the truth easily, as he drove towards the courthouse. "Are you sure about this?" he asked, an hour later, her as she signed the simple but fair prenuptial agreement his lawyer had rushed down to the courthouse. She raised an eyebrow and whispered quietly, "Run away, marry you, or stay with Charlie. I'm not big on gambling, but I choose you." He smiled tightly. "You bet wisely." A simple ceremony, an exchange of vows and a few signatures later, they were pronounced man and wife. "You're beautiful, baby," he murmured, pulling her close. He smirked as he felt her entire body pressed up against his. He waited until she leaned into him. "May I?" he asked huskily against her ear. She nodded, giving him the permission he had been seeking, and his mouth crashed down on hers in a short, hot, claiming kiss. "Let's go home, my wife," he murmured. The drive was a long one, fifteen miles out of the city, and she guessed it would take her nearly an hour to get to school. She managed to keep her jaw from dropping as his front gates opened. The landscape was impressive, vast, hundreds of acres of private land. He drove down his drive slowly, letting her take it all in. She gasped as she saw the large pond and stable, before his majestic home came into view. It was breathtaking, stone and wood; it had the same sort of rugged handsomeness and polish that Edward exuded. She slid out of the car and followed him into the lavishly furnished home. He carried her suitcase up the stairs and opened the door to a beautiful, feminine bedroom. "This will be your room, for now," he announced, putting her bag down on the bed. She relaxed some when it was clear he wasn't going to rush her into his bed. "What about..." She blushed a deep red as she trailed off, unable to ask him if they would consummate their marriage. His brow wrinkled before slow realization stretched across his face. "We will when we're ready." She relaxed a little and glanced around the room. "So... what now?" she asked nervously. Edward rubbed the back of his neck. "Would you like to go out for dinner?" "I'd... yes, I'd like that," she smiled shyly. Their first evening together was spent over Chinese food, discussing likes and dislikes, filled with nervous chit chat and long moments of awkward silences. At the end of the night, he walked her to