Story Title: Not the Boy I Married Summary: Southwestern PA, Steel Country. In February 1959, I married a boy. Life, and its path, made him into a man, a man I didn't recognize, with secrets I didn't want to know. Loosely based on actual events. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 9,992 Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. … Not the Boy I Married The little church so is quiet, you could probably hear a pin drop. In fact, I can hear Edward's little brothers, Garrett and Riley, spattin' back and forth. I hear Mrs. Cullen smack 'em both on the back of their heads, too. "I now pronounce you Mr. and Mrs. Edward Cullen. You may kiss the bride." The preacher's voice echoes around the mostly empty sanctuary. It's just Edward's family, including his six younger siblings, along with his uncle Tony, my foster parents, brother, two sisters, and their husbands here. Edward lifts my veil, a silly grin on his face, and I can't help but grin back at him. The kiss is quick, just a smooch, but considering our audience, it's probably better that way. Our family does their best to sound enthusiastic when they clap. Well, Emmett does more than his best. His whoops and whistles can probably be heard across town. We pose for pictures, some more difficult to get than others. Edward's parents want a picture of all the Cullen kids together, but six-year-old Garrett and three-year-old Riley are making it difficult. After all of the pictures are taken, I can't wait to move things along. Making our way back up the aisle, I see the guarded happiness on Mr. and Mrs. Cullen's faces. I know they're happy for us, in their own way at least. I mean, no one wants their son to 'have' to get married at nineteen because he knocked up his girl, who happens to be seventeen. It's not like my family could help me raise the baby, being torn up and spread all over like they are. They couldn't afford to send me away either. Daddy's a drunk, and momma left us right after I was born. I'm lucky my sisters and my brother could be here today, though. Jessica and Angela, along with Mrs. Cullen and Edward's sister, Alice, helped me get ready this morning, dressed in my hand-me-down gown that had been worn by both my sisters. My brother Eric walked me down the aisle and gave me away. Daddy was too drunk this morning to even show up. He must'a been out too late with my oldest brother, Tyler, probably drinking and gambling away what little money he had last night. Daddy's been a drunk for years, and he couldn't take care of us. So us girls got sent off to an orphanage when the state stepped in. That is, until my sister Angela and I went to live with a foster family. Charlotte and her husband Peter were so good to us. I even had my own room there. Now I'm moving in with the Cullens. All nine of them. With me, my baby, and the one Mrs. Cullen is carrying, there'll be a dozen of us in one house. I don't know how we're gonna do it. I'm just happy that Emmett was willing to move out of the room he's shared with Edward so that we can have some space of our own. Well, at least until the baby comes. Emmett's gonna bunk with their younger brother, Alistair. He's twelve, and about the most annoying thing I've ever met. Alice, who's sixteen, and just a few months younger than me, shares a room with Katie, who's nine. Garrett and Riley share a room as well. I figure Mrs. Cullen's newest little one'll share their room, just like ours will have his crib in our room. Edward's arms wrap around me when we get to the back of the church, pulling me outta my thoughts. "So, how does it feel to be Mrs. Cullen, Bella?" His smile is blinding. At least he's happy about being stuck with me. "It feels pretty great, Edward. I love you." That comment gets me a more suitable kiss, being our wedding day. Someone must not think it's suitable, because the clearing of a throat causes us to pull away from each other. "Congratulations, Edward, Isabella. I must say, you make a beautiful bride." Uncle Tony has always been an enigma to me. He seems friendly, but there's something about him, something that sets off alarm bells in my head. He seems… dangerous. Reaching out, he takes my hand, placing a kiss to my knuckles. "Thank you, Mr. Mancini." "Welcome to the family, dear. And please, call me uncle Tony." I only nod, just his presence making me nervous. Looking between us, he continues. "If you two ever need anything, don't hesitate to come to me. Capisce?" "Of course," Edward politely agrees. "Wonderful! Now, here's a little something to help you two set up house." He hands Edward a plump envelope. "Now, wait till you get home to open that." He leans in close to Edward's ear. "That's just for the two of you." It's no secret that Mr. Cullen has tried to distance himself from his wife's brother. He went so far as to move his family out of the city, away from Tony, to this small town. The rumors floating around are enough to scare anyone, family or not. "I got it, Uncle Tony. Thanks for coming today. Will you be joining us for the dinner?" "No, I've got... work tonight. You two have a great night." His wink causes the blush to rise in my cheeks. "Eddie, Bella? It's time to go on over to Peter and Charlotte's for the meal. Are ya' ready to go?" Mrs. Cullen's voice breaks up our conversation. "Yeah Ma." He turns back to his uncle. "Thanks again for coming." After exchanging handshakes and a final kiss to my cheek, and one to his sister's, Uncle Tony excuses himself. Edward turns back to me. "Come on, Mrs. Cullen." He gently pulls me along by the hand, toward the door, silly grin still in place. I just giggle at his silliness, Mrs. Cullen trying to hide her own grin. She's been just great about this whole thing. Without a Ma of my own to go to when I thought I was expecting, Mrs. Cullen was the one I turned to. Of course, she cried when I told her, but she helped me get to a doctor, and was there to soften the blow when we told Mr. Cullen. He didn't jump off the sofa and congratulate us, but he was understanding and offered for us to live with them. I really do love my in-laws. Just as we turn to leave, Alice comes bounding toward me. "Can you believe it? We're finally sisters!" She's squeezing me in a hug before I can say a single word. "Alice, stop! You could hurt the baby." Edward's last word is said under his breath, as if Jesus himself is gonna hear that I was pregnant out of wedlock and strike us down for brazenly walking into his church as sinners. "Oh, it's fine. She's fine. Come on, I wanna ride with you in the car, Bella." She's pulling me along now. We all gather our coats from the coat room on our way out of the church, and head out to Edward's '56 Chevy Bel Air coupe parked out front. It was a birthday gift from his uncle Tony when he turned sixteen. When I turned sixteen, my foster parents gave me a new pair of shoes. Emmett zips past us and makes a show of opening the passenger door. "Your chariot awaits." He bows in exaggerated fashion. "Pop said it might be nice if you had a driver tonight. So, I guess you're stuck with me." His grin is contagious. "Be careful Em, you're driving precious cargo." Edward gives him a friendly pat on the cheek as I climb into the back seat. He follows behind me, his hand tryin' to go up my skirt as he does. "Edward! Stop it!" I whisper yell. "Somebody's gonna see." "What? You're my wife now. I'm allowed." That goofy smile is still on his face, and I can't help but laugh. Emmett and Alice climb into the front seat, and we're off to Peter and Charlotte's. Edward's got his lips on my neck, not too subtly trying to start something. Then he whispers in my ear. "This is where this all started, huh?" Knowing that the backseat we're in is the very spot where we fumbled our way through our one and only time together, giving us the reason for the occasion today, is a little weird with our present company. I'm so focused on his lips, I completely miss Alice asking me a question. Emmett's laugh, though, does get my attention. "Forget it Allie, they're neckin' back there." Edward slaps the back of his head for that. "Watch it, Em. That's my wife you're talking about." Everyone settles back down, and we manage to keep our hands to ourselves. Sort of. Thankfully the ride through town to Peter and Charlotte's is short, only about fifteen minutes of driving through hills and around the twists and turns that make up our small part of town. Edward waits for Emmett to flip the seat forward so we can climb out; Edward first, then he offers his hand to help me out of the car. Walking up the path to the house, my husband has a firm grip on my hand, guiding me over the snow dusted steps. He's been really protective of me since he found out I was expecting. He won't even let Emmett pick me up for hugs anymore like he used to. But, I let it go. There are more important things to worry about. Like how we're going to pay for a baby. Edward works at the bowling alley in town, but his pay isn't that great. I offered to work, maybe take in some laundry or mending from the neighbors, but he told me, 'no wife of mine is going to work.' So, it's going to be difficult. We decided together that he would hold out for something better, not taking one of the available positions at one of the steel mills. He's talked about maybe enlisting in the military, but I'm against it... for now. Though, I think that may be a safer option than the mill. His uncle owns the bowling alley, and he promised Edward more hours, so we're going to see how it goes. I'll probably be spending a lot of evenings alone, but at least I'll have help with the baby. That's one advantage to living with family. Between Edward's mom and sister, I'm sure things will be ok. Alice is over the moon excited about being an aunt. When we walk through the door, we're greeted with hugs and cheers. Edward helps me out of my coat, and I'm quickly whisked away into the kitchen by Charlotte, my sisters hot on our heels. "Oh Isabella, you looked so beautiful in your dress. You made such a beautiful bride." Charlotte is practically gushing. My sisters are quick to jump in and agree. "You certainly did, Bella. Eddie is a lucky guy." Angela has an arm around me, while Jessica is busy working on the food. "Thank you, Charlotte. I felt beautiful. And things look great here." I try to divert the attention away from me to the spread she has laid out for us all. "Aw, thanks." She looks over the platters and dishes of food spread out on the counters. "It was the least we could do for you, sweetie. You and Angela were such a treat to have stay with us. Three years just wasn't enough." She reaches