Story Title: Doomsday Mafia Summary: She dubbed us the Doomsday Mafia, but really, we were just trying to survive. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 7030 Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended I enter the room quietly as she sleeps, soft breaths escape her pouted lips. Breathing through my nose, I inhale her scent—the burn feels as if my lungs are exploding, but it quickly fades into a fuzzy, addictive warmth. A sensation long forgotten over my three hundred forty-seven years. I settle into my regular chair. Inhale, exhale. Inhale, exhale. As if she senses my presence, her eyes pop open and scan the room. "You're a fucking creep," Bella says, sitting up and pulling her sheet tighter. That mouth. I smirk. One of the things I could do without, but I've come to expect it. "A creep whose appearance you anticipate." She snorts. "If you consider being trapped while a monster plays Peeping Tom anticipation, then I guess you could be right." I lean forward, propping my elbows on my knees and leveling her with a stare. "Are you ready to agree?" "Is that what you're calling it?" she asks, slinging her bare legs over the edge of her cot, standing and pacing before me. "You say you want my compliance, yet until I give it, I'm stuck here." I tilt my head. "True." Standing, I step closer, tilting her chin upward while my thumb caresses her cheek. "And you will give it. You already want to." My name sounds from two floors above, causing me to break the connection between myself and the woman who will one day rule by my side—my mate. "I must part, but please, consider the offer in my absence." "It'll be a cold day in hell," she responds as I exit the room. I chuckle loudly and allow the door to close, engaging the lock. Three years ago, nuclear bombs annihilated the world as we knew it. Humans, animals and vampires alike were incinerated in their spots as the bombs fell from the sky. Everyone perished, except for a few … we were the lucky ones. The ones who survived. Gone are the days when animals quenched the burn, and in their place is a system where humans fulfill their duty keep my kind alive. Someone had to rule, and it might as well be the strongest being in our boxed-in existence. Moving at a fast pace, I take two flights of stairs and enter the command center. Carlisle, Emmett, Jasper, and his crew of soldiers, are all present. "This better be important," I snap, angry at being interrupted. "The Opposition is making a move, and it's a big one," Jasper says, rushing over to the monitor on the wall. "A group of them are approaching the perimeter, near the Diner." He points out the red blobs on the thermal image. Five individual specks slowly advance toward the cement building, where our humans come to offer their blood, near the rear of the compound. "Are you sure it's them?" Jasper looks at me incredulously. "No other humans would be that stupid." "Lead a team and capture them, if possible," I order, slamming my fist into the nearby wall. The room shakes and a large chunk of concrete turns to dust and sprinkles at my feet. The Opposition began with a group of scientists who decided to rebel against my law. Normally, that would mean nothing to a vampire, but these humans have harnessed the radioactive material found in the Wastelands. They can end a vampire's existence. My original crew of thirty-eight is now down to just thirty-five. I turn to Emmett. "Take a couple of your soldiers and get to the Diner in case one slips through. We can't take any chances; our livelihood must be protected." Though it may seem cruel to force humans to sustain us, we have no other choice. In exchange, we keep them safe from the beastly things that may come crawling from the Wastelands, and provide as much assistance as is needed to ensure their survival. It's not the ideal solution, but this isn't an ideal world. And I no longer have the inclination to care. This world has changed me in unforeseeable ways. For the first six months after the missiles landed, the surviving humans went underground, making life much more complicated for the average vampire. But my family isn't average, and it only took two mistakes to realize that animals were no longer a viable option. One suffered a gruesome untimely death, and the second lives with the consequences every single day. I push out my mind, seeking my other crew leader, Garrett. My abilities are vast and accelerated to the point that I'd go mad if I allowed them to be constantly active. Unless I specifically call on them, they remain dormant in my mind, locked away from regular use. "Garrett," I force my voice into his mind, bringing him up to speed on the current situation. "Come watch the monitor, and inform me if they breach the perimeter." "Got it," he responds as he breezes into the command center, taking a seat and sliding on a headset to link with Jasper. I turn to Carlisle and tilt my head for him to follow. As we exit into the hall, I ask, "Anything new?" "I'm sorry, son," he says, laying a hand on my shoulder. "Nothing I have tested so far has worked. Without the initial specimen, I fear I may never be able to give you what you need." A low growl rumbles through my chest. I don't accept his answer; I can't accept it. I grab his shirt without thought. "I will not remain this way. Do you hear me? Find me some answers!" Realizing what I've done, I let go and blur away from him at triple the average vampire speed. With the situation at the perimeter being handled, I return to the one thing that soothes me. The delicious warmth I can get nowhere else except from Bella. Being in the same room with her somehow places a band-aid over my wound—even the sharp barbs she tosses my way have no matter. As I exit the stairs, the burn rips me apart, but with every step toward her door, the heat settles to spread over my body, creating a soothing hum inside my mind. It's something I ache for in these post-apocalyptic times. She's dressed in microfine leg coverings, which my eyes can practically see through, with a T-shirt knotted at her waist as she works the punching bag. It's the only demand she's made, and watching her now, it pleases me that I approved it. Her muscles bunch, coil and stretch as she lands blow after blow. Legs, arms, elbows and knees all work in synchronization as she displays her peak physical condition. She'll be an exceptional addition to the vampire race. I settle in my usual chair in the corner, my eyes following her every move, long buried sensations coursing under my skin. But even those pale in comparison to the glow that heats me from within. The addictive warmth that I crave. "You're a fucking pervert!" Bella snaps, leveling the bag with a shin kick. "Does it turn you on to watch me like this!" She isn't looking in my direction, but continues to pummel the bag—until she stops and throws her head back in a glorious laugh. "Or can monsters even feel passion?" Narrowed eyes scrutinize me as she begins circling the floor. "Is that why you wear the green contacts? To make you seem less monstrous?" Her completely off-base assumption surprises me, and I file that away to consider later. "I'll never deny who I am, Bella. I want you to accept me exactly as such." I wave my arms over my form. "In the times we live, there's no room to let such unimportant details dictate our lives. I want you in so many ways, but most of all, just your willing company. I crave it." I stand and take two steps, towering above her. "But make no mistake, I will have all the things I want. I'm a patient man, and time is on my side." She explodes, unleashing the depths of her fury. I counteract blow after blow as she makes every attempt to land a successful hit. "I know what you want most," she screams as she jabs for my chin. "Just fucking take it! Take it!" Even with the warming glow, the insinuation that I would stoop to that level angers me, so I grip her arms tightly and pull her flush against me. "I may be a monster, but I am not that monster. I'll only take your blood when you've surrendered everything else." I smirk and shrug one shoulder. "Besides, I can feel the erratic beats of your heart and your breath catch as our skin makes contact." I release her and step back. "You may not feel exactly as I do, but you do feel something." She fights hard to get her breathing under control, but my supersensitive hearing allows her no privacy. Every skip in her heartbeat as it slows to normal pace fills me with a sense of satisfaction. My presence no longer incites the hatred that it did when she first arrived. No, she feels quite differently now. With a deep exhale, she sits on her bed and begins to remove the bandages that cover her hands. "It's disgust," she says off-handedly as she focuses on her task; round and round the tape unravels. "How could I feel anything else?" Her serious amber eyes flick back to me. "You and your Doomsday Mafia are treating my fellow humans as cattle." I bark a loud laugh at her description of me and my kind. And while I suppose you could consider us a mafia since I am the supreme ruler, the boss of all things, I do take offense to the cattle remark. Most of these humans would've never survived if it weren't for the collective efforts of my vampire brethren. Walking over, I sit and grab her hand, holding it while I methodically unwrap the rest of the tape. "Do you know that in pre-apocalyptic times, I fed solely from animals?" I pause and wait for her denial, but she says nothing. "Taking lives has never been my preference, which is why the humans are agreeable. They understand that we have no desire to hurt them. You do realize that our efforts to help them with things such as electricity, drinking water and even farming is what allows them to still prosper? The population has even begun to expand again due to our efforts, so our arrangement is beneficial to both parties." Even though I have removed the tape, I still caress her hand with my thumb. The warm spark where we touch is too addictive to simply ignore, and the thrum of her pulse tells me she feels it, too. But all too soon, she realizes her mistake and snatches it away, standing to pace before me. "I appreciate the effort you've gone through to rationalize your actions, but you must realize that you're a fucking abomination! You shouldn't even exist!" she yells, her hands flinging up in the air. I stand and approach her swiftly, using my body to force her back against the wall and close her in with my arms. Leaning down, I run my nose from her exposed collar bone to her jugular, pausing to absorb her fragrance and revel in the thundering of her heart. It is not fear which she exudes, it's lust. Chuckling darkly, I straighten up. "Yet you want me to exist. You want me, period ." I'm out of the room with the door locked and my back against the wall within the blink of an eye. I've ignored these types of urges all my life,