Story Title: Cutthroat Conny Summary: It isn't the boss who determines the level of fear the family exudes. No, that crown goes to the enforcer. Pairing: Edward, Bella Rating: M Word count: 9304 Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended Cutthroat Conny. After Edward, Don of the Cullen crime family, paid his respects to the bride, he mingled a little in the crowd of wise guys of various rivaling clans. His smile, set under an ice-cold stare, was crooked and predatory. He stood tall at six foot four, his build was lean but muscular, not like a bodybuilder, it was more like an athlete. He was sure in his body and that showed in his swagger across the room full of rivals; it was catlike and added to his predatory image. Edward hated mob weddings, forced get-togethers of mortal enemies grimacing at each other in a false friendship. The whole wedding felt like a powder keg. He could almost hear the jaws snap shut around him. Nobody would give anything away around him. After this get together, his perfect spy would have a wealth of information. The free-flowing alcohol would certainly loosen tongues, just not around him. Every member of his own clan knew better than to drink in situations like this. A rogue thought wandered into his mind while he observed the gatherings around the room. Farthest away from the bridal table sat the lowest in the pecking order, ill-fitted polyester suits giving away their status. The men sitting around the tables almost looked longingly toward the next ring of tables that held their bosses; the suits were still made of polyester but looked tailored. Ever getting closer, the suits went from polyester to more acceptable fabrics that didn't make you break out in a sweat at the drop of a hat. Obviously store bought with crinkles in uncomfortable places showing their owner was less than careful choosing the fit of the suit. Getting closer to the center, two more suit types could be distinguished—store-bought and tailored, and handmade suits. One like he was wearing; he didn't care about designers, and his suits were made in Ireland by an old tailor who made suits like they were intended to hide more than just the body. His tailor knew how to cut a suit to enhance his height and hide a whole arsenal of weapons. He knew he and his spy were the only two in the room who were frisked but still armed. A big, genuine smile crossed his face when he saw his beautiful wife sitting with the wives at the side. He abhorred the misogynistic attitude that was ingrained into every kid born into a crime family. Women were showpieces and housekeepers. If they could get away with it, they wouldn't even be sent to high school; finishing school was more what they were looking for. Women should be pretty and not interfere in men's business. He didn't practice that at home, but today was important to harvest information and to keep his rivals satisfied that he still respected them. Yeah, right. To Edward's horror, he'd discovered a rat in his clan. The son of a distant relative had entered the lower levels and worked hard to become eligible to be made. Edward's spy had come upon him one day and overheard him talking to his handler. From that day forward, Edward had fed him true information, just not about his own actions. He recently had run out of actions to rat out, and that's why his spy was collecting info from the rival underlings who were now decidedly a few shades to the wind. His Bella looked up from her conversation and nodded to him; she was ready to call it a night. More precisely, she'd had enough of acting like a pretty doormat. Unlike most, well all other, women of bosses, Bella knew everything about the business, although nobody but Edward knew. They discussed possible ventures and actions that needed to be taken. Bella looked a treat in her little black number with a big red flower on her shoulder. Her chocolate hair was up in a ballerina bun adorned with a string of pearls in a perfect spiral. Her ears were adorned with two-carat teardrop diamonds, each dangling underneath another pearl of rare size. A necklace of natural pearls and diamonds adorned her beautiful neck, culminating in a large, flawless heart-shaped diamond set into a platinum disk rimmed with yet more pearls. The wife of the boss of the biggest family in the Irish mob should walk around like a billboard of his wealth. Edward snapped his fingers and every member of his family, born into it or made, stood up and gathered around him. Every kind of suit represented, the wives did the same around his Bella, and the strong delegation left the room through the doors assigned to them. The men took the right door to collect their weapons while the wives took the left door to collect their coats. The boss of the rival family, whose daughter had married the son of his capo, hurried to thank Edward for coming. Later that night on the other side of town, a shipment of drugs was intercepted by the police, and fifteen of the happy father-in-law's family's men were arrested. Some were still a few shades to the wind from the wedding; all were flabbergasted that their goose was cooked. The happy father-in-law wasn't as happy anymore and suspected he had a rat in his flock. In their sound and attack-proof panic/bedroom, Edward and Bella were busy with the books. Every IOU given out at Edward's casinos was catalogued by amount, date, and name and which casino where the debt was racked up. The payments were in a different ledger, and you should always pay your debt, including the interest, if you had an IOU with Edward Cullen. His debt collector was scary; the guy was dressed in body armor complete with full facemask. His voice was mechanical, which probably emanated from the square box strapped around his neck. Nobody knew his name, absolutely nobody besides Edward. Although small and slight in posture, his arsenal of martial arts and weapons made him feared by everybody who ever came in contact with him. He was known on the street as Cutthroat Conny and would show up with two of Edward's most trusted men for collections. Both giants in build but they never had to lift a finger. The smaller man was the real threat. By day, Felix and Emmett were burdened with being the bodyguards of Edward's wife, following her on all her errands around town: sitting in the room where she met with her committees, organizing charity functions, keeping up appearances. "Edward, that James Hunter missed his deadline again; he's now past his third warning. It's time to send Conny to give him his one and only verbal and visual incentive to talk, I think," Bella spoke softly. "At the moment, he's the only one severely behind. I think he doesn't know our enforcer yet." "You're right. I'll set it up. What do you think? With or without the wall of muscles?" Edward chuckled. "Oh, with of course, in case the outfit isn't enough incentive for him to finally find some money." "Well, if that's the only one, there's only one more thing to discuss before we close out the books for this week," Edward sighed. "Mike Newton. It was confirmed last Tuesday that he's indeed a cop; my contact on the force gave me the heads up. For now, I'm using info I got from my perfect spy"—Edward winked—"to give him information to make the cops think he's legitimately in. Let the cops work for us and bring as many men from the competition down. I'm sure Aro will wonder tomorrow morning how in the hell the cops knew about his shipment coming in." Bella stood in front of her dresser and slowly brought out all her weapons. Weapons she'd had with her during the reception they attended. Her trusty ceramic knives were unbuckled from her forearms. After she shimmied out of her dress, she did a funny dance to celebrate that she had the full use of her legs again after they'd been confined in the tight skirt of the dress. She tore the Velcro closing of her thigh holster loose and dropped it with its content, a two-shot plastic gun, on the dresser too. Meanwhile, on the other side of the room, Edward quickly removed all his loaded holsters and started to unbutton his shirt. He was just tearing it off his shoulders with a lazy move of his arms when he looked up and caught Bella's little dance. He froze mid-move; she was positively sinful in her midnight blue lingerie, a garter belt holding up her nude stockings. His lithe woman went through a series of fitness moves he recognized from one of her classes. It looked like she did karate but not quite. He was still in the same stance of getting out of his shirt, revealing his inked chest. Over his heart sat a beautiful swan built up out of Celtic knots. He brought himself out of the stupor and discarded the shirt with decisive movements. He turned his back on his sinful wife to undress in peace before ravishing her in their king-sized bed. Because he turned his back, he didn't see Bella do almost the same thing he did. The moment his back was in full view, she had frozen in the movement that would take off her left stocking, mesmerized by his rolling muscles under his back piece—a family of lions guarded by the roaring male. She too shook herself out of her stupor and joined him in their bed. Two days later Edward sat behind his desk in his office, the large, dark wood desk imposing in the middle of the room. The walls behind the desk were painted a sage green color; the front part of the office was a much darker tint of the same color. Edward was seated in a comfortable leather chair. In the back corner stood a smaller version of his own desk with an equally comfortable chair—Bella's desk. In front of his desk stood one straight-backed wooden chair. The whole room was windowless and softly lighted for effect. The wooden chair had pride of place in a spotlight shining down on it from above. "He's late, as usual," Bella commented when she entered the office with a tray holding two cups, a thermos, and a plate of homemade cookies. She put the tray on her desk and took the plate to offer Edward one of the cookies. He greedily took two, grinning at her eye roll. She then left the office once again and offered Felix and Emmett a cookie too. Both guards took one cookie and thanked Bella profusely. She was making small talk with them for a little while when the front door to the lobby was thrown open with a bang. Felix immediately straightened up from his relaxed stance against the wall and drew himself up to his full height. His seriously imposing height of seven feet. Emmett did the same, and he wasn't much smaller at six foot ten. Bella stepped forward and greeted their guest, who looked at her as if she was something to eat. "Mr. Hunter, welcome to our offices. Please, place any weapons and luggage in the closet over there," she spoke softly to hide the chills his stare caused. James huffed but complied; he put his gun and bag in a lockbox inside the closet, taking the key with him. He looked stressed out and kept a hand inside his front right pocket. Felix stepped forward and stopped him from entering the office. "Now, first of all, be polite and don't antagonize the boss lady. Second, hands where we can see