Story Title: It's Time Summary: Unbeknownst to her, Isabella Swan's fate was sealed when she was 13 years old. Six years have passed and Edward Cullen has determined that it's time to make himself known. Pairing: Edward/Isabella Rating: M (Language) Word count: 7087 It's Time Prologue It couldn't be avoided any longer. It has already been six years. Six long years. I have waited patiently, and I am not a patient man. When Newton called and said that pretentious dick was sniffing around again, I knew it was time to go and claim what was rightfully mine. I shouldn't have let it get to this point. I've been too generous allowing her to go to college, hell, even permitting her to have a job. That ends now. No more. It's time for her to realize the rest of her minutes belong solely to me. Chapter 1 The first time I saw her, I was 20 years old and in my first year of law school. I was home in Chicago freezing my nuts off for spring break, instead of drinking it up on a beach somewhere with my buddies, all because God forbid one of Esme Cullen's children not be in attendance for Easter Mass at Old St. Pat's Church. Easter also meant dinner at Volturi's, which only opened on that day to serve the Cullen family and a few of their closest friends. On this particular occasion, a new acquaintance was on the guest list. Charlie Swan. One of Chicago's finest, who unbeknownst to his family and colleagues, had an unsuccessful habit of playing the horses at Arlington Park. Charlie Swan was in so deep that he had no other choice but to make a deal with the devil himself, and being the generous guy that he is, Carlisle Cullen was more than willing to help out with Charlie's financial problems in return for just a bit of insider information every now and again. I was trying to start on my appetizer, while also receiving my monthly guilt trip from Ma about her never becoming a Nonna because I was too busy spending time with whores, when a middle aged man with an overgrown, bushy mustache entered the dining room. I instantly knew it was his first time attending a Cullen dinner because he was fucking clueless how disrespectful he was being to Ma by showing up even a minute late. My brother, Emmett, and I both looked to Pops, curious to see what his reaction would be and secretly hoping to see an ass kicking, when he surprised us both. "Esme, Edward, Emmett... This is Deputy Chief Charlie Swan of the Chicago PD. Chief Swan and I recently met to discuss a mutual concern regarding the horse gambling industry. It's a dirty business that is ruining the lives and careers of so many, isn't Charlie?" Carlisle said all of this with a straight face while gently patting the Chief on the back. Only those of us who really knew him could see the mirth dancing in Carlisle's eyes. He lived for shit like this—humiliating those in public office or other positions of esteem. "We have established an informal partnership of sorts to help those pulled in by its temptations." Ma couldn't give a fuck who Charlie Swan was; she was just pissed at having her dinner interrupted, and I could tell she was about to say so. She was the only person who could get away with giving Pops any kind of shit and when she did, it was a sight to behold. Ma was a conundrum of sorts. On the outside, she was elegance personified, but when she opened her mouth—let's just put it his way—Nonno Platt served 12 years in the Italian Royal Navy and Ma inherited his vocabulary. Hell, she may have even surpassed it. Thinking that I was finally going to get some live dinner entertainment, I leaned forward on the edge of my seat when a young girl suddenly stumbled into the room, knocking into our table and consequently spilling my glass of wine all over Emmett's gubana bread. "I…I…I'm so sorry!" her timid voice shrieked. "Hush, Principessa," my father soothed as he walked over and hugged the girl closely to his side. "Is this your Isabella, Chief? The photographs I've seen do not do her justice. She's even lovelier in person. How old are you, sweet one? Thirteen, correct?" he cooed, not giving her a chance to answer. "What a special age. Just becoming a young lady." Pops knew everything about everyone he dealt with. This included all their family members. Hell, he even knew about their pets. He was using his knowledge of Isabella to intimidate the Chief and it appeared to be working. Charlie Swan's face quickly drained of all color. "Bella, I thought I told you to stay in the lobby?" he angrily whispered to his still embarrassed daughter. He then turned to Pops, all while pushing a stunned Isabella behind him, trying to get her as far away from my father as possible. "We cannot stay, Carlisle. I was just stopping in to wish you and your family a happy holiday." "No, Charlie. I don't think you understand. I invited you to dinner and I insist that you stay and share a meal with us. Also, that's Mr. Cullen to you," Pops replied in a don't fuck with me tone. It was then that Ma, who had finally had enough, ordered Carlisle, Charlie and Isabella to sit down so we could all continue with our meal. "Emmett, scoot your fat ass down and make room for the Chief and his daughter to sit," Ma bellowed. Emmett choked on his Nebbiolo and I was never one to mince words. She was also not patient. "Emmett! Scoot. Your. Ass. Do you want to sleep with the fishes tonight? You know I can make it happen!" Emmett jumped up and quickly made room. He knew Ma meant business whenever she threatened the fishes. And that's how I found myself sitting across from Isabella Swan. She didn't let out one peep throughout the appetizer or lamb course and truthfully, I didn't even give her a second look until I heard a soft whisper float across the dessert selection. "I'm really sorry about your drink. I can be such a klutz sometimes." I half looked up from the phone that I was was hiding from Ma under the table, replied, "No worries," and quickly returned to my messages. And that's when it happened. As I was reaching over to grab a pasticiotti off of the dessert plate, Isabella happened to reach for the same tart and our fingertips touched. A surge of what felt like electricity shot straight through my soul and I suddenly saw my life flash before my eyes. The strange part was that It wasn't the life that I had already lived. It was a glimpse of a life to come. It was flashes of me and this little slip of a girl, only she was a full-grown, beautiful, no, gorgeous woman. A vision of Isabella walking down an aisle wearing white and me waiting at the altar in a tux came first. Next, the two of us were walking along a beach at sunset. Suddenly, I was carrying Isabella through the door of a house that is located in my parent's neighborhood. A house that we appeared to now own. And finally, I witnessed the two of us smiling down at a baby who was nestled asleep in Isabella's arms. I was jolted out of my trance when Pops' hand suddenly slammed down on the table and Charlie Swan briskly stood up, grabbing a hold of Isabella's arm. "Get up, Isabella. We are leaving now," the Chief commanded. The two then rushed out of the dining room and left Volturi's. "Demetri, follow them!" Pops shouted across the room. I am not sure what had happened between Pops and the Chief during dinner, but it was obvious that Pops was pissed. Really pissed. When he called over for Sam, I knew shit was getting ready to go down. Sam was one of Pops' most merciless soldiers. He lived to kill. We called him Sadistic Sam behind his back. The guy honestly made me feel uneasy and I was fearless. "Get the girl," Pops seethed. Carlisle Cullen did not play games, and there were no second chances. He was ruthless. He was not above using women and children if it meant getting what he wanted or having his revenge. Isabella Swan was going to pay for Chief Swan's transgressions. No! Fuck! My brain screamed. All I could think was, not her! Not her! "Pops, wait!" I practically shouted surprising myself as much as my father. "Can I speak to you alone first for a moment?" Pops knew me well enough to know I would never interrupt him without having a valid reason. He nodded his head towards an empty room next to the one we were in, and we both stood up and made our way into it. "What do you need, Edward? As you can see, I have an urgent business matter that needs my attention," Carlisle huffed. "Ummm… Shit! I don't know how to say this without sounding insane, but something happened during dinner," I sputtered. I sounded like a seven year old boy instead of a grown ass man. "Something with Chief Swan?" Pops inquired. "Tell me now. That fucker is going down! He thinks he can disrespect Carlisle Cullen and his family?" "No, no. It was his daughter. Isabella." I groaned. "I am not even sure what happened or how to explain it. Our hands accidentally touched when we reached for the same pasticiotti and the most bizarre thing occurred." "Let me guess," Carlisle interrupted. "You saw your future? And it was a future with Isabella?" "How did you know?" I asked in astonishment. "Because the same thing happened to me when I met your mother and to Nonno Cullen when he met your Nonna. It has been the same with the past eight generations of Cullen men," Carlisle explained. "Why didn't you ever tell me?" I questioned. "Would you have believed me?" he asked, tilting his head to the side as he slowly raised his left eyebrow. Having gone through the surreal experience that I just had, probably not. "You cannot hurt Isabella, Pops," I pleaded. My heart was thundering in my chest. In a matter of just minutes, she had become my life. "Of course I won't, Son. She is now my figlia. I will find another way to make Charlie Swan suffer, but we need to get Isabella as far away from him as possible. Come to my office first thing in the morning. We have plans to make." Carlisle sighed as he put his arm around my shoulder and we started back to the dining room. "Oh by the way, your Ma is going to be so thrilled with this news." Shit, I forgot about Ma. She was going to make my life a living hell with talk of babies and weddings. Fuck me. Chapter 2 The very next day, Carlisle and I had met and set our plan in motion. First, we had to get Isabella away from the Chief. To do this, Isabella Swan mysteriously received an all expense scholarship to the prestigious Miss Porter's Boarding School for Girls in Farmington, Connecticut. Chief Swan never questioned the suddenness of the award as he was thrilled to have a way to get her as far away from Chicago and Carlisle Cullen as possible. Next, we needed to have her under our protection. Since Pops already considered Isabella family, he wouldn't trust her safety to just anyone. He called his brother, Eleazar. He was not currently an active member in the family business due to an injury he had sustained in an explosion that occurred while he was delivering guns to one of