Story title: The Wrong Cullen Summary: With no choice in the matter, an arranged marriage is made and Isabella's future has been set. After she meets a man who comes off as confident and dangerous, yet her attraction to him is immediate. As a farewell to the life she once knew, Isabella decides to let loose for a night. The next dinner she has with the family, she learns she just might have a choice in her future after all. Sensitive subject matter includes cursing and violent death. Rating: M for mature Pairing: E/B J/B Word count: 8,890 words Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. He was like the devil, tempting her in the Heavenly ways of sin, to hell with everything else; they both knew they couldn't exist without each other. They've tried many times but, some things just cannot be forgotten. She would rather her have the 'oh well' with him than the 'what if.' Everything else be damned. -N.R. Hart The Wrong Cullen It is a feeling that never gets old. The anticipation that builds, the adrenaline; it's a high like no other. I get chills, the good kind, just thinking about it, imagining it. I swear, I can practically feel my skin crawl with the anticipation and I know once I feel his fear, it will drive this high to the highest point...I can't wait. So, I'm a little fucked in the head, who isn't? Both exits of the barber shop are covered. There will be no way out. There are only two other guys in this place; the barber and a customer. It just so happens I know them both. Skinny Dave is fucked. Nobody knew at first that this guy was as crooked as they come. He works for the crew and we still have no idea how long he's flown under the radar, working both sides. We have men who do that, work both sides of the law, but it's all under contract. The men who do this never report anything about the crew. They give us warning; a heads up on who's being watched, etc., and they get paid nicely doing so. This guy, though, a damn dirty cop, working both sides of the law, keeping the cop thing a secret while giving small tips to the police, the feds, about us. What the fuck? Did he really think we wouldn't know? That we wouldn't have realized only certain places were getting raided? Dumb fuck; we went through everything, and at the end, it all pointed in Brady Fuller's direction. I didn't even know that was his real name, Brady Fuller. What the fuck kind of a name is that? We all knew him as Davey, or Skinny Dave. How the fuck did he get Skinny Dave out of Brady Fuller? I watch from the shadows in the back room as Riley, Diego and Stefan walk through the front door. Sam should be here. Fuller is his contact, which means my brother should also be here; but he's not, either. I'm always left cleaning up his mistakes, but at least he had a good reason this time; a meeting with our uncle and father. Skinny Dave is sitting in the barber chair with one of those cape things on. Riley throws Skinny a grin before turning the open sign to closed, and closing the blinds in the window. The barber, Nahuel, and his customer, Jimmy, pause mid-conversation. Diego nods to the hallway and both men walk calmly, continuing their conversation as if they were never interrupted. Emmett follows to lock up behind them. "What's up, boys?" Skinny asks. That was my cue to enter. Quietly, I slide my knife from its sheath, I make eye contact with Riley who is discreetly doing the same thing as he walks closer. My heart is nearly thrashing against my chest from the adrenaline that's now making its way through my system. Skinny sees me in the mirror and opens his mouth to speak. I slam my knife down into his right hand, at the same time Riley does, right into the back of Skinny's left hand, trapping him to the chair. He screams, and a satisfied smile plays at my lips. "I-I... didn't..." Skinny drools as he tries to speak. "Please," I scoff. Like we don't know any better, "How much do they know?" I ask. Davey, Brady-whatever-the-fuck, looks to Emmett, who is now beside me, and back to me. "B-Boss?" he stammers. "I don't need you to fuck with me, Skinny!" I smack one of the knives stuck through his hands. "I know what you are, you fucking pig!" He cries like a little fucking bitch, and starts begging for his life. The fear that pours off this man, which can be felt it in the air around us, is incredible. I walk around the room a little and notice Emmett found a new toy. "Where did you get that?" I ask, wanting one for myself. A straight edged, stainless steel razor. Emmett smirked, he must know what's up. "Top drawer, it's almost full." Emmett pulls it back open to hand me one. "Here, put that shit on his face." I toss Diego some shaving cream. He looks a little confused, but in our line of work you don't question your Boss; especially me. He does a horrible job, but whatever. "Sit still, Mr. Fuller, I wouldn't want to nick you," I tell him. That fuck knows what's up for sure now. "So, are you going to tell me what's up?" "I don't know much." Brady, Dave, says. He's an associate, he shouldn't know shit. I jerk his head back by his hair and start shaving the beard off his face. I heard it took forever for him to grow it. "They...know about the heist going down with the guns, when and where." he says, "And..." he hesitates. "And?" I smack the back of his head. He grits his teeth, "Fuck it, just kill me, Cullen, get it over with," he pants. I look around at the guys. I want my answers. I shrug. "You sure about that? Give me answers and I'll make it quick; don't... and it won't be fun for you," I tell him. Then, I dig the razor blade into the corner of his mouth and drag it up across to his cheek bone. Blood gushes from his face, staining the shaving cream and the cape thing wrapped around him. "Hey, do you have something I can tie this prick back with?" I ask the guys. Brady is slumped over, drooling and crying to the floor. I really like this blade, it doesn't take much effort to cause damage with it. Stefan brings back a rope and ties him to the back of the chair. I continue to shave the other side of his face as if nothing even happened. "So, was there something you needed to tell me?" I yank his head from side to side, checking out my work. "Not bad, Boss." Diego laughs, he's closest to me and can see where I've cut Brady's face. I nod. "Yeah, make him look like the damn Joker." Emmett says, making a cutting gesture across the sides of his own face. I get the blade ready; let's make this sad fuck smile. "Wait!" I don't listen, I continue to cut. "Black, they know about Black!" he mumbles as he sobs. We all pause. Not a breath taken for a full minute. "How the hell do you know about Black?" Emmett steps forward, resting his hands down on the blades that trap Brady, who cries out. He's a bloody fucking mess. "I just happened across him," he manages to get out. "I asked this chick for a dime, we've been fucking around, I asked and she took me there. She didn't let me in. She said he'd only see the Cullen boys." "What's the bitch's name?" I grab his head back again and put the razor to his throat. He gasps, Emmett steps away, "Rebecca, I-I...don't know her last name! Please..." I press as hard as I can, dragging the blade from ear to ear. Blood gushes so hard and fast that it nearly sprays from his neck as a gurgled sound comes from him. He twitches a few times before falling limp in the chair. "Fuck!" I scream. "Get Black out of there, now, and tell him what his daughter did!" I turn and point at Diego. "Fuck. Stef, go with him," Emmett tells Stefan. He nods in response. "No, I want him on clean up. Riley can go with, Stefan needs to get his crew to clean this shit up." I tell them all. "Call Marcus, and let him know," I tell Emmett. Walking to the back, I head out to the alley where Nahuel and Jimmy wait, smoking a cigarette. "Do you two need anything from inside?" "Closing time, eh? Just my keys; top drawer, as usual," Nahuel says with a casual shrug. *TWC* I plop down into a chair, Aro, Marcus, Jasper, and Carlisle are already here since they had a previous meeting. Emmett sits next to me and nods to our brother. "What's up, Jay?" Em asks. He doesn't look too happy, "Jasper?" I ask, leaning forward. I look from my brother to my father, waiting for an answer. "Jasper here has been signed into an arranged marriage." I had a feeling this was coming, next will be Emmett and myself. A long time ago my father and Marcus sat the three of us down to explain that we'd be in arranged marriages. They even suggested that we save ourselves for our wives; Emmett and Jasper laughed, not taking it too serious, but I...I did. I don't know if they ever really listened but I just couldn't fuck around on my future wife. It was crazy; I haven't even met her yet. I did watch a lot of porn growing up; however, which makes me laugh. I always had an itch to satisfy. Can you imagine? One of the most feared Cullen brothers is a fucking virgin? Who knows, maybe all three of us took them seriously? "No shit? Who's the broad?" Emmett asks. "Don't worry about that, now. Just get packed, we have business to attend to in Forks, Washington. Andrew hasn't paid up and is ignoring our phone calls," Carlisle says. "That bitch thinks he can take my product and not pay for it, fuck nah. Edward, you've got this, right?" Marcus asks. He's the under-boss, along with my dad, and also happens to be my godfather. I sit back, "Of course, do you want him gone or...?" "No, just give him a message...a warning, and we'll set a time to meet," Marcus says while standing, "I need to pack." "Hey, what's happening with Skinny?" Carlisle asks. Emmett makes the Joker's smile across his face like earlier. "Edward made him look like the fucking Joker. Got him to talk and then slit his throat." "Good, I got word that everything is taken care of with Black. New place, new setup. Riley says that Black loves the new place," Carlisle says. Black isn't really much of a people person, it's kind of strange, but today is probably the first time he's left his place in over four years. He wasn't always that way. He used to be married and has three kids, but then his wife died and, in a way, so did he. He will only deal with Riley, Diego, Jasper or myself; besides his kids. He will put up with Emmett if he has to, but Emmett is a big guy and intimidating even when he's not trying to be. "When are we leaving?" I ask. "How soon can you be ready?" Aro asks, speaking for the first time. *TWC* Bella's POV Every Sunday we go to church just like everyone else in the small