Story Title: Redemption Summary: Sometimes, even those who commit the very worst of crimes are worthy of redemption Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 9601 Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended Redemption Victoria Evenson was a beautiful woman, much younger than my father. I didn't want anything to do with her, but despite my desire to hate both her and her child, I found myself falling into the big brother persona for Esme. At only eighteen she was beautiful and innocent, and had inherited my father's green eyes and auburn hair. She was clearly my sister, as I had those traits too. Unable to look at Victoria, especially after I found out that she had been my father's mistress long before my mother died, I sent her away, but allowed Esme to stay. Not only was she beautiful, she was also clever and managed to infiltrate every aspect of my life, running my house seamlessly. In return, she wanted for nothing, and she was the only person I loved with all my heart. So, when she met Carlisle Cullen, one of my made men, I was unable to deny her when she insisted she wanted to marry him. He was a smooth bastard, and I had always believed he wasn't good enough for her. But she said she loved him, that she couldn't live without him; she said he was her soul mate and anything she wanted, if it was in my power, she would have it. After a lavish wedding, the happy couple moved into my house and I had to admit Carlisle was proving to be a great help to me. Christ, even Jasper and Emmett McCarty, the two men I trusted more than any other, approved of him. And slowly he earned my trust, becoming like a brother to me. And now we were here! Damn it, he'd put me in an impossible situation. Carlisle hung by his hands from the metal rail embedded in the ceiling, tied so tight he was only able to just touch the floor. Even bound and gagged he look was still defiant. I knew he wanted the chance to exonerate himself, but I needed the time and the silence to rein in my temper before I did something I would regret. Hunter, who had brought him in, piped up in his whiny little, ingratiating voice, "He was with her again, boss. All cuddled up and inti ... inti ... close, like! Showed you the photos, I did." He crowed that last part at Carlisle, glancing at me out of the corner of his eye. I glared at him and he shut up, quickly. I always hated the way he sucked up, but he was loyal. No doubt, he was too scared to be anything else. I pulled said photos from my inside pocket, looking at them again, hoping to see something other than the truth they showed. My heart hurt for Esme, she loves him so much; how was it possible for him to do something like that to her? She was the love of his life, or so I'd heard him say a hundred thousand times. And then there was the intel from Black; he had been seen sneaking meetings with Aro Volturi, my biggest and most hated rival, and that gave rise to questions for which I was sure I would not like the answers. Surely, Carlisle wouldn't risk double dealing, would he? I knew I should never have trusted him! Turning to Alec, I grated out quietly, "Go get the girl. I want her back here with no damage." Inclining his head once, he left without a word, knowing what I wanted him to do. Stepping toward Carlisle, I let out a little of my temper and ripped the gag from his face. "What do you have to say, Carlisle? Why would you wanna cheat on my sister?" "I'd never do any such thing, Edward, and if you thought about it for one second, you'd know it's not me. I've been faithful to her, and damn it, to you , for years so why would I throw all that away on a girl?" His voice was quiet but fervent and I wanted so much to believe him. "Who is she? Tell me the truth, Carlisle, or so help me my sister will be a widow by tomorrow morning." "I'm sorry, Edward, I can't tell you. She's important, though not in the way you think, and if I tell you anything she will be in too much danger. Please, Edward let me go, let me do what I can to save her, she's important." He was almost begging now and I was even more confused. He had given me nothing that led me to believe in his innocence. I changed tack, "What about Aro? Why are you having secret meetings with him?" His eyes widened as he realized just how much knowledge I already had, and I saw the indecision in his eyes. Maybe an extra little push was all he needed. "You know, this room reminds me of my father's house. He had a room in his basement just like this one. Used it to get to the truth on many occasions, some of which I was there for; did you know that?" I allowed him no time to answer, "And you know what? He never failed." I spoke conversationally, watching Carlisle closely. I could see by the look in his eyes that he knew what I was talking about, even though he had never been to that house. "Edward," his voice was still calm, "I know you don't want to do this. You're a fair man. I need you to trust that I would never betray Esme, and that I'm doing what I can to save someone who has become very important to me, and the only way I can do that is to make an agreement with Aro. "Then why ..." I interrupted harshly, "... did you not come to me in the first place? Why Aro, of all people? You know he killed my father, and even if there was little love left between us, he was the only parent I had. Aro and I have hated each other ever since." My voice calmed, "Surely, there was another way?" There was silence, and I was beginning to wonder if he would break, or I would have to kill him. I just could not get my head around why he wouldn't come to me, first. The outer door clanged open putting paid to any answer Carlisle might have had for me and Alec came through it, dragging a screaming and kicking girl with long mahogany hair. She was fighting so hard that I couldn't see her face as she punched, kicked and bit at any part of him she could reach. I almost chuckled, thinking she was one little hellcat. Carlisle gasped in horror as Alec shoved her into a chair across the room from him, tying her hands to it. Glancing at Carlisle again, I thought he looked ready to break now. Who was this girl to him? If he was not cheating on my sister, then what the fuck was going on? Before I could speak to him, the room rang with the sound of the girl speaking up for the first time. "You bastard!" Her scream of pure rage poured out of her, and took my attention away from him. My god, she was beautiful; even red faced and covered in snot, mascara and tears. Not an ounce of fear showed on her face. Seeing Carlisle, her reaction seemed to confirm that there was something between them, and I gritted my teeth, my anger rising again. It seemed there would be more than one death tonight, though I never like killing women. Sometimes it had to be done, and in this case, it looked like both this Bella and Carlisle might be going that way before the night was gone. I stalked toward her, growling under my breath. Tucking my gun under her chin, I got up real close, and damn it if I didn't suddenly want to kiss her. Shaking that thought from my head; instead, I spoke quietly, "If you don't shut up screaming, I will put a bullet in him, capisce?" She was silent, looking me dead in the eye. "Bastard," she growled, and then the little chit spat at me. Gobsmacked, my eyes widened and I glared at her disrespect, lifting my hand to swipe the gun across her face. I'm not sure if I would have done it, but it had the desired effect. "No, Edward, stop! Please. I'll tell you everything." Carlisle's shout rang out from behind me and I grinned at my success before I turned away from the girl and back to face him. I knew something would make him talk. "Bella," he urged, "Please be quiet, it'll be fine." I scowled at him for speaking out of turn, "Talk," was all I said. "Hang on, Edward, I'll tell you everything, but before I do, you have to agree to help my sister. Please!" "Who's she to you?" I interrupted, pointing at Bella. "I don't have to agree to anything, get on with it!" I gestured with the gun to hurry him up; I was getting impatient. He took a deep breath, "If I don't turn up at this meeting, Aro will kill her mother." At my scowl he continued hurriedly. "Renée is my illegitimate sister, and our father is Marcus, Aro's brother. Now, Marcus doesn't particularly care for Renée, or me, and is more than happy to use her as a bargaining tool to get what they want." "What does this have to do with her?" I gestured towards the girl, "And what do they want?" "An in; they want the contacts for our gun-running operation, and space to expand their human trafficking and that means the Wharf. He wants Bella there as insurance for Renée's good behavior." "And what do you get in exchange for BETRAYING me and my sister?" I roared at him, out of patience. Carlisle was silent for a minute and my temper was now getting short; urging me to do something, anything - nothing he had said so far meant that I wouldn't kill him and her. My temper leaked out and I raised the gun, aiming it and firing above his head. I really, really wanted to shoot him but the thought of Esme's resulting grief stayed my hand; she'd never understand. Bella let out a short scream, and I whirled on her, "What did I tell you? Do I have to gag you to get you to shut up?" She closed her mouth sharply and shook her head, though her eyes betrayed the rage she was barely managing to hold inside. "Please, Edward, let me finish," Carlisle was back to begging; pissing me off. "Renée, my sister, married a small town Washington sheriff, Charlie Swan and ... and Bella is their daughter ..." "She's a cop's daughter? What the fuck? Do you have any more fucking surprises for me?" His voice was now pleading with me to listen. "Yes, I know that, but I promise he knows nothing. Bella will confirm that. He still lives in Forks, and she's at University here in Chicago. Renée had no idea who her father was but Marcus has always known about her," he swallowed before he continued, "And me." He cringed a little, knowing that bit of information would throw someone else under the bus for not digging itup; something I would be checking into when this shitstorm was over. "Marcus told Bella to contact me, knowing that I wouldn't be able to sit back and let something happen to my family, illegitimate or not. He wants all our contacts and operations." He hurried on at the glare from me, "I did