The Next Mrs Cullen Story Title: The Next Mrs. Cullen Summary: Antique or Ikea, beautiful inside or out, maim or kill, he had decisions to make today that would change his life. Pairing: Edward/ Bella Rating M Word count 6469 All things Twilight belong solely to S Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. EPOV "Do I have to fucking do everything myself?" The mobile phone that had been the carrier of the bad news flew across the room. Emmett dodged it just before it knocked the antique vase off the display stand. "Boss," said Emmett, glancing warily at the door, "That is one of Tanya's favourite vases, she's going to kill you." "I don't give a shit about that," I spat. "I'm supposedly the head of the most feared crime family in the country and my men can't even carry out a simple instruction." I kicked the remnants of fine china, spreading them across the dark wood floor. "Why the fuck is James Hunter still walking about, answer me that?" I started pacing impatiently, covering the length of the severe dining room. The décor was supposedly Louis the something style. Personally I thought it was gaudy and over the top, in fact, fucking awful, but it kept the wife quiet and busy. Something stopped me. "And how the fuck would you even know that is her favourite vase?" "I don't, not really," replied Emmett. He looked uncomfortable, a sure sign I'd hit on something he didn't want me to know. "It's just an expensive antique vase," he continued, "you know how she is, she likes expensive things." He eyed the scattered shards. "How expensive?" I queried. I was beginning to wonder if we were in some sort of alternative universe. "Well," he said carefully, "last time I saw one of those it was valued at about 25 grand and that was a few years ago." "What?" I yelled. "Twenty-five grand? Are you a fucking antiques expert now? Last time I checked you were my right hand man, my consigliere and unfortunately, also my brother." Emmett ignored my sarcasm, moving the conversation back to the safer topic of work. "James Hunter is really fucking sneaky boss I mean," he looked at me sheepishly, "he must be stupid to try and rip you off in the first place." "But he has been very clever, never staying in one place too long and not planning anything too far in advance. By the time we get word where he is, he's already moving onto the next place." Emmett, was trying to placate me and keep me calm, he knew me well enough to know that I was at the end of my tether and that usually meant death and destruction of some kind for somebody or something. "Well I want to know where he is," I told him. "He must be running out of places to stay by now." I balled my hand into a fist so hard that the fingernails dug into the soft pads of my hands. "I have made it quite clear to everyone, have I not, that he has no favours left to pull in, anyone who helps him will answer to me." Emmett nodded and gulped. Message understood I finally slumped onto the uncomfortable Italian leather couch that dominated the room. "Why are you sitting on my antique fainting couch?" came a high pitched voice that set my teeth on edge, "you know it's for show and not to actually use." Her tone was that of someone who considered herself way above the people around her, condescending did not even begin to describe it. "And what the fuck happened to my vase?" She was already angry but the sight of the vase had raised her voice a full octave. I knew if I didn't get out of here soon it would probably descend into the usual screaming match. "Good evening Tanya," I said smoothly, "how are you?" I smiled, a cruel parody of a happiness long ago forgotten, twisted into something darker. "Have you had a hard day spending my money?" Her mouth dropped open but before she could respond I continued. "Or have you been on your back for your latest beau? " I stood up, suddenly restless again. She was a lazy, money grabbing snob and I will never forgive my father for arranging our marriage without consulting me first. No matter how beautiful Tanya was on the outside, and trust me, she was beautiful, blonde hair and blue eyes, the body of a Hollywood starlet, she is the ugliest person I know inside. Worse still, she has been sleeping around. If she had been discreet I could have turned a blind eye for the sake of keeping up appearances, but she had been careless. Word soon got back to me that she had brought someone here to the house. My house. "It's my money as well," she spat as she used her thin bejewelled hands to smooth the upholstery of the couch. "I earn it by being the perfect wife for you in public." "It's a shame you are not the fucking perfect wife at home as well." Manners be damned, I knew the comment would cause a row, but what did I care? She could leave any time she liked. I suspected she knew that I knew about her infidelities. Before she could answer I stormed out of the room, slamming the door of the dining room so violently that the walls shook. I slept alone in my own room, Tanya and I had long since given up the pretence of being happily married. It was a joke, I was one of the most powerful men in the country, and I was lonely. I wanted someone to share my life with and to cuddle up to in bed when I finally made it home at night, instead of hiding in the den when I was awake and sleeping in my own room at night. As the dawn broke I made several decisions. First and most important, Tanya had to go. I was established now, sure I would be the first divorced family head, but they would have to kill me to remove me and I know a thing or two about staying out of trouble. Of course, neither Tanya nor her family would like it as it would bring great disrespect to them, but the threat of exposing her affairs should hopefully keep them co-operative, especially as it would void the prenup. My lawyer, Whitlock, had been very insistent on that clause. I silently thanked him as I watched the light soften from dark to the grey light of dawn. My usual morning wood brought another more pressing thought to mind, I needed to get laid. It had been a very long time since I'd been near Tanya or any woman for the matter. Don't get me wrong, it's not due to lack of opportunity, I just can't keep the moral high ground if I'm fucking every piece of ass that throws themselves at me. "Fuck this Emmett." I got into the back seat of the Range Rover slamming the door behind me. "I've had enough of this shit." It was six thirty in the morning and I'd only got back from one of my clubs three hours ago. Of course Tanya couldn't leave me be until I'd had a few hours sleep, no, she had to start moaning and whining as soon as she realised I was home. I'm never easy to deal with, I know that, but after no sleep and no caffeine Tanya should have really known better. The row had been volcanic and two figurines and a sculpture hadn't survived, all of them narrowly missing my head. "It's time to go and see Whitlock," I pulled my Ray Ban sunglasses from my pocket and slid them on to cover my bloodshot eyes. "I don't give a shit what my dad thinks, I'm the head of this family now and its time I started to take control of my own life." "Yes Boss," replied Emmett, putting the Range Rover into gear and pulling silently away from the kerb. As ever my brother just agreed with me. I was surrounded by yes men. In fact, the only person around me who had the balls to really tell me what they thought was my soon to be ex-wife and that mad bitch was going to be binned soon. "What time will Whitlock be in his office?" I asked as Emmett pushed the car through the early morning rush hour. "Usually about 8.00am. We're early," he dared a quick glance in my direction via the rear view mirror, "do you want to stop for breakfast or something?" "Fuck Emmett, you'll be asking me out to brunch next," I snapped. "Just thought you might be hungry Boss," he sagged a little at my brusqueness, "you haven't eaten anything since yesterday lunch time, have you?" It was a sad state of affairs that Emmett took better care of me than my wife. The rumbling in my stomach confirmed he was right. "Ok," I conceded, "find a diner or something close by to Whitlock's office, we can eat while we wait for him." I put a call into my attorney to tell him I would be waiting for him at his office and Emmett pulled into the parking lot of a small diner. While we were waiting for our order Emmett's phone rang "Yep…yep…yep...yep...when…is he still there?" he asked whoever was on the other end. "Okay…yep…yep…okay." He put his phone down and picked up the large bacon roll that was now in front of him. "Well that was enlightening Emmett," I remarked. "I didn't realise you were such a master of the English language and the art of conversation." I couldn't help myself, I knew I was being an ass but I was tired and hungry. "That was Quill," explained Emmett, referring to some low life scum that fed us information in return for operating under our family radar. "Apparently Hunter is going to look at an apartment this morning across town," I nodded for him to elaborate. "He has been staying with Jacob Black for the last few nights but he knows it's time to move on." "Black? That fucking pond life." There was no love lost between the Cullen and Black families. "We'll deal with him later but for now find an address for this apartment and we can go and surprise him." "Ok Boss," Emmett smiled a little in anticipation as he pushed the breakfast sandwich into his mouth. l like to keep my hands clean but Emmett... I shuddered a little. Dude is my brother but sometimes his flair for violence disturbs me a little. I sat and watched him eat, it was a spectacle in itself and shit the man could move mountains of food, while I drank my coffee. "Thank you" I said, smiling at the homely waitress as she put a plate of eggs down in front of me. No matter what I never forgot my manners, my mom brought me up correctly, I stand when a lady leaves the table and I know when to behave and keep the language clean. In fact, I still help out at church when my mum asks, now I know that I won't spontaneously combust as soon as I step across the threshold. BELLA Business was booming. I seemed to be on a roll at the moment, no matter what it was I was showing I was closing the deal. Today would hopefully be no different. I was meeting a Mr. Jones at 9.30am to show him the penthouse apartment on a new apartment block I'd secured exclusive rights to. This was a serious money deal and if I could get him to sign on the bottom line I could book the Caribbean cruise I'd been promising myself for the last two years. I