Submit entries to: welovemobward Story Title: Duplicity Summary: Du-plic-i-ty: noun 1. contradictory doubleness of thought, speech, or action 2. the quality or state of being double or twofold. Synonyms: deceitfulness, deceit, deception, double-dealing, underhandedness, dishonesty, fraud, fraudulence, sharp practice, chicanery, trickery, subterfuge, skullduggery, treachery (Warning: Contains violent content) Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: (not including summary or title) 9795 Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended The sounds of Dropkick Murphy are streaming through the speakers of the pub, and there's laughter and conversation going on all around us. Emmett, my brother and right hand, has a glass in one hand, and a cigarette in the other. He has his cell phone wedged between his ear and shoulder; undoubtedly arguing with Rose again. The buzzing from my pocket gets my attention. Pulling my own phone out, I see that I have a new text message. Opening it, I see ' Álainn ' flash across the screen. I know she's at work right now, and would only contact me from this number if it's important. 'Éigeandála' Emergency? Fuck, she must have something for me. 'PH, 2h' I hit send, and check my watch. It's noon and I know with midday traffic, it will take her a while to reach home. "What's with the look on your fuckin' face?" Emmett's tucking his phone back into his pocket. "I've got something I need to go take care of." I stub out my own cigarette and down the rest of my Jameson before scooting over and getting out of the booth. I pat my pockets to make sure I have what I need, checking that my piece is still securely in the waistband of my jeans at my back before throwing on my jacket. As I pass the bar, I toss down a few bills. Even though the place is mine, it doesn't hurt to let the guys know I appreciate them. Heading for my car, I can hear Emmett's footsteps hurriedly pounding behind me, trying to catch up. "You need me to come along, Ed?" I turn to face him as I pull the keys to my black Audi TT out of my pocket. "Nah, this is something I need to take care of myself. But hey, I'll call ya if I need ya, yeah?" "Yeah, sure. I'll see ya tonight, though?" Giving it some thought, I know I need to let him know there may be a problem with tonight's shipment. I say what I can without saying too much. "We'll see." I look him straight in the eyes, and see the moment it clicks. "Shite," he says under his breath. "Yeah, okay. You'll call though?" "Yeah, I'll be in touch." With that, I climb into my car and take off. The streets of downtown Boston are busy this time of day, so it takes me longer than it should to get to my destination. As I drive into the underground parking garage, passing the silver Lexus SUV in its assigned spot, I know she's already in the building. I pull into my own spot and kill the engine. I rest my head back on the seat, closing my eyes. I know she's got bad news for me, so I take a few minutes to gather my thoughts. I know none of it is her fault, but sometimes my temper gets away from me and I direct it at her. Steeling myself for whatever news she has for me, I get out of the car and head for the elevator. Once inside, I put my key into the slot, turning it, and press the button for the penthouse. Wishing I had the time to stop on the floor below mine, my finger hovers over that button as well. Resolving to take care of business first, I shove my hand into my pocket, resisting the urge. When the elevator dings and the doors open, I walk the short distance to the door. As no one besides a trusted few know this place is mine, I don't have any extra security here, just an alarm system. Unlocking the door and stepping inside, I disarm it. I toss my keys on the table in the foyer and remove my jacket, tossing that down as well. "Álainn?" I yell out. "Where are you, beautiful?" When I don't get a response, I decide to pour myself another drink. She must be downstairs settling things for the evening. Sinking into the brown leather sofa, I savor the burn of the whiskey going down my throat. I'm just hoping it's enough to keep me level headed when she tells me whatever news it is she has. I must've closed my eyes and nodded off, because the click of the closing door wakes me. Turning my head, I see her coming from the direction of the hidden door in my closet. It's connected to a stairwell that leads to a similar door in her own closet downstairs. She's never been seen on security footage coming or going from the penthouse. Watching her approach, I take a moment to appreciate her beauty. Her long dark hair, her slight but curvy figure, the deep brown of her eyes, it's all beautiful. But the sight of her beaming smile when her eyes meet mine is the most stunning thing about her. "Hey, beautiful. How are you?" I rise to my feet, and open my arms. She walks into them, wrapping her arms around me. I feel her take a deep breath and relax, even if only a bit. "I'm better now." I run my fingers through the ends of her hair before my hand finds the back of her neck, holding her to me. "Tell me." She's quiet, collecting her thoughts. "They know about the shipment tonight." I feel her tense up a bit when my grip on her tightens. Knowing I need a minute to process the information she just shared, I release her. She watches me walk to the bar, pouring myself another drink. Walking over to the windows, I see her out of the corner of my eye taking a seat on the sofa. "Do you know who the source is?" My voice is low, but calm. As I take a swig from my glass, I hear her clear her throat before she speaks. "No. They're holding this one close to the chest. I read through the file, and there're no details on where the leak came from. But Edward, there are things in there only a few people know. I mean, even Liam is mentioned." "Shit." "Yeah, shit is right. Do you have a plan-B? That delivery can't go as planned." I simply nod, not giving anything away. She knows I won't say anything else. Tossing back what's left in my glass, I turn back to look at her. "I'll take care of it. Go on back down, have dinner together, get her settled down for the night, and I'll be down to tuck her in." She nods in agreement before rising to her feet. "Come 'ere." I open my arms once again, and she willingly steps into them. I hold her for a moment before pulling back just enough to take her face between my hands. I lean in and place a kiss on her lips. When they meet, it's soft at first; then she deepens it, opening her mouth, our tongues dancing with each other. My hands begin to wander, roaming down to hold her close to me. When our kiss becomes more heated, I know I need to stop before we get carried away. Pulling away from her is difficult, but necessary. I lean down, my forehead resting against hers. My hands are cupping her cheeks, her breath washing over me, as her hands are wrapped around my wrists. "I should go." Her words are quiet; I know she doesn't want to leave. She looks up into my eyes. "She'll want to see you tonight." "I know. I'll be down as soon as I get things settled here. I've got some calls to make." Kissing her forehead, I release her. Watching her walk away is difficult, but I know I have work to do. When she disappears through the doorway leading to the hidden stairwell, I look at the clock on the wall. I only have about eight hours to clean up this cluster fuck, and find the leak. There are only a few in my inner circle that knew the details of tonight, and losing any of them is going to hurt. Sitting down at the desk in my office, I get started on at least diverting the shipment coming in tonight. It might cost me extra, but it's worth the price. Dialing a familiar number, I wait for him to pick up. "Yeah? What can I do for ya? We're right on schedule for delivery tonight." Liam's gruff voice carries over the line. "Looks like we need to make a few adjustments." Waiting for him to pick up on my meaning, I can hear him moving about the bridge of the boat, probably heading out to the deck. "What the fuck do ya mean 'adjustments'? We're just hours from port and you expect me to change course? Change boats for Christ's sake! Eddie, ye know I love ya like a brother, but how in the hell am I supposed to do that? I know we've got a plan 'B', but it's down to the wire now. I'm not sure if I can make any changes." He's quiet for a moment, probably waiting to see if I'll change my mind. "It'll at least cost ya." "Yeah, I know Liam. Trouble is, I've sprung a leak and I need to plug it." I can hear him curse on the other end, even over the sound of the wind whipping around him on the deck of the ship. "Now, you can make the delivery, I just need ya to make it elsewhere. If you and I are the only ones that know things have changed, it'll be easier to find the leak." He's quiet for a bit, thinking things through, no doubt. "Alright. So, plan 'B'?" "Yeah, and I'll be there. Let's move the drop off time a couple hours, say four a.m.? I'd like to get a look at what goes down at the docks." "Yeah man. I'll be there." With no parting words, he hangs up. Sitting back in my chair, I rest my head against the cool leather. Closing my eyes, I wrack my brain for a plan to find out who's crossed me. The possibilities are limited, as only a few knew what was happening tonight. Opening my laptop, I boot up the tracking software and choose my first target. Once it's open and running, I place my first call. "Yo! What's up boss?" Emmett's enthusiasm always makes me smile. "Not much. I was just wondering if you had a minute." "Sure. Is this about tonight?" "Yeah, as a matter of fact it is. Small change in plans. I need you to meet the boat tonight." There's silence on his end. He's quiet so long, I wonder if he's still there. "Me? Eddie, they're counting on meeting you. Are you sure you want me to go in your place?" I hear him start the engine of his car. Now, there are two distinct possibilities. He's either headed to pick up his daughter from daycare, or in the unlikely event he's my leak, off to see his contact to let them know there's a change in plans. "Absolutely. Something came up that I need to take care of." "Are the girls okay?" My brother has always had a soft spot for my girls. "They're fine, I just need to stay home tonight." I don't give him any more information. "All right boss. I'll take care of it, and I'll call you when it's done." "Thanks man.