Story Title: Funhouse Summary: Every town has a weird family that everyone avoided. For the longest time, that was the Newtons. They largely committed petty crimes, but that's what danger looked like then. That was the biggest threat to our way of life. Then the Cullens came. Pairing: B/E Rating: M Word count: 9,989 Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended DAY 2 "I can't help you," I repeated. Everything seemed to spread more quickly in a smaller town, like a mosquito carrying West Nile. Thirty-six hours ago, I'd stepped off a plane back into my past, the dry heat smothering me with its welcome. Tanya Cullen shifted forward, sky blue eyes widening imploringly. "Her name is Jessica Stanley. She goes to school with me, but hasn't shown up in the past week." "So call the cops." Take the time off, the guys at the precinct had suggested. Step outside the station and be a normal person. She scowled, reminding me that she was fifteen. "They'll never listen to me. You know who I am." As arrogant as that line was, she might actually get away with it. Forks, Texas. It used to be a lot smaller, with a sea of white picket fences and friendly neighbors. Trust was a social commodity; everyone knew each other and their moms. But every town has a weird family to be avoided. For the longest time, that was the Newtons. "Never be alone with a Newton" was repeated more than the town slogan ("Come on home"). They largely committed petty crimes, but that's what danger looked like then. That was the biggest threat to our way of life. Then the Cullens came. An arm of Cosa Nostra, or the Italian mafia, they looked to expand their drug trafficking and settled on Forks, a two hour's drive from the border. By the time I was in high school, the crime rate had tripled. Those who dared to whisper about their activities were found butchered in their homes the next morning. It was a simple message, and an effective one. But then the recession hit. While everyone else lost their security, the Cullens became richer. Backed into a corner, residents turned to work for them, choosing livelihood over principle. Money and capital poured in, leading to taller buildings and bigger houses. People started to enjoy this taste of the big city lifestyle, ignoring the moral price tag attached. The Cullens didn't just own this town-they made it. Tanya tucked a blonde strand of hair behind her ear. "I...said some horrible things to her, and now she's gone." I reached inside the fridge to grab a pitcher of iced tea, the Southern manners I thought I'd shed long ago kicking in. "I'm only here to pack up the house," I explained, handing her a glass. Her hopeful expression deflated. "Please," she whispered. "There's no one else." I took a slow sip. "You and I both know that's not true." Her chin lifted defiantly. "They won't listen to me. No one will." A week. That's all the time I'd allow myself in this town, the memories crawling up my skin like icy fingers that threatened to pull me under. "I'm sorry." My grip tightened. "I can't get involved when I'm not sticking around." Her gaze dropped to the floor with a solemn nod. As she brushed past me, I heard a defeated sigh. "I wish I could disappear," she whispered, as if she'd learned her happiness was simply a lie. It's only after she drove away that I shivered, even as a bead of sweat trickled down my shirt. DAY 3 Bzzzzzt. Bzzzzzt. Bzzzzzt. "Swan," I answered, my voice thickened from sleep. "Where's the Bulger report?" Jake, fellow detective and cranky old man in disguise, barked. I rubbed my eyes. "I dropped it off with Rose. Said she needed to see it before court." "When was that? Never mind, I found it. Her desk isn't managed by someone who escaped an insane asylum," Jake grumbled. "I'm hanging up now." "Do that and I'm not calling you back with the latest update on the case," he retorted, gathering files. The sheets pooled around my waist as I sat up, my pulse quickening. "Tell me." "The other lead you and Rose had?" He paused. "His body was found a few hours ago in Quincy." Of course. Just another non-break in this nightmare of a case. "Foul play?" "Looks like it." A drawer opened and shut. "Slit throat, multiple stab wounds to the chest. Fits the MO of our other suspects." I leapt out of bed, frustration in every step as I walked over to my suitcase. "Doesn't he know you're not supposed to kill off the people who could exonerate you?" He sipped something slowly, probably coffee. "He's getting cocky, Bells. Which makes him easier to catch." "And more dangerous," I argued, slipping on a tank top. "What did Whitlock say about it?" "Nothing yet. The autopsy's scheduled for tomorrow." "Good," I affirmed, mentally reminding myself to ask about the results from the medical examiner, Alice Whitlock, later. "Thanks. Miss me?" The corner of my lips tilted upward. He snorted, just as his desk phone started to ring. "I keep telling myself not to get used to the peace and quiet." "Love you too," I teased. The phone slid onto the sheets, and I scrubbed my hands over my face. It was still dark out, but adrenaline pulsed through me, making me jittery. Tightening the elastic of my ponytail, I left for my favorite spot in town-a small meadow-like clearing a few miles from the house. Dawn beckoned the morning lazily, heat settling in like a hazy mist, so I hid under the leafiest tree and waited for sunrise. For the past three years, I'd been chasing a serial killer who abducted young women in the greater Boston area. Victims were found tortured and killed in maze-like rooms filled with distorted mirrors, staged to resemble those from a carnival. The Funhouse Killer, the Boston Globe had proclaimed. There'd been twelve identified victims in the past five years, with no clear leads. Every time I found something promising, the trail eventually led to a dead end. The latest suspect had been the most promising one. Until a few hours ago. "Isabella Swan." A lower, roughened version of a familiar voice interrupted the early morning stillness. "It's been a long time." I stiffened. Icy awareness illuminated my nerve endings until my breaths evened out again. You've arrested murderers and rapists. Calm down. "You're not exactly who I expected from the homecoming brigade." I pivoted around. "Or are you here for my lunch money?" Edward Cullen, the youngest son of the Cullen crime family, smoothly tucked his hands into the pockets of his expensive trousers. Sharp, green eyes fixed on me, barely dulled by the blade of time. The son of a bitch still looked good. Too good. His unruly auburn hair had finally been tamed and cut short, darkened with age. Smooth muscles had become more defined, the biceps straining against a black t-shirt that stretched over a broad chest. Light stubble dusted his jaw, providing the necessary shading for his character, since a twirly mustache would've been too much. He'd been my first and only crush in high school, driven by hormones and the allure of the forbidden. I wished it'd been that simple-sheriff's daughter lusting after the local bad boy. Unlike his older brothers, Edward hadn't attended weekend ragers or fucked his way through the school. He wasn't challenging or brash, but quiet and observant, typically standing on the outside of the "Fight! Fight! Fight!" circle, where we'd occasionally lock eyes. So I painted a romantic picture of this Edward Cullen, a sensitive soul who was misunderstood. Maybe he wanted to break free of his obligation and do something more with his life. Maybe I could help him achieve that, like we were a twisted version of Romeo and Juliet. But fantasies all come to an end. Sometimes violently. "Let's start with information," he suggested, as if we hadn't talked in over a decade. "My niece went to see you yesterday. Why?" It was tempting to evade his question and get the fuck out of there, but curiosity poked me, winning out instead. "She asked me to help find a missing classmate," I explained, watching him closely and ignoring the resulting goosebumps. "I politely declined." His lips twitched. "You're nothing if not polite." Like a sheriff's daughter could be anything else. "How long was she there?" I narrowed my eyes at his eerily calm tone. "Ten minutes, maybe. Did something happen?" "She didn't mention her plans for the day, or where she was going?" "I'm not sure if you've heard," I interjected, keeping my annoyance in check. "But I became a detective. So if you're going to be the one asking questions, then I get answers." Amusement skipped along his features, disappearing under a stony mask. "Tanya's car was abandoned near the Interstate two hours after she left your house," he revealed quietly. "We haven't seen or heard from her since." "It's not my house," I corrected, heat pricking the nape of my neck. "She was out of sight for two hours, and now no one can find her?" His lips thinned. "We normally don't give people the chance to run." Having been in homicide for years, I'd heard a lot of threats and gruesome details. But his matter-of-fact tone sent a chill skittering down my spine, as dread coalesced in my gut. "It's only been a couple of hours," I reasoned, trying to sound convincing. "She could still show up." Grim acceptance shadowed his features. "In my line of work, disappearances are never accidental." Fair enough. "Is it naive to assume that you've talked to the cops?" He shifted, his arms flexing against the tight material of his shirt. "It's naive to assume we've talked to anyone since your father passed." Familiar uneasiness squeezed at my chest. The local police had recognized how limited their options were when it came to the Cullens. My dad, the sheriff, chose compromise over war, convincing them that he'd turn a blind eye to their operations as long as the bloodshed stopped and they wouldn't recruit anyone under 18. Surprisingly, they'd agreed to the conditions. And though the overall crime rate was higher than before, there were fewer gunshots fired, limbs broken, and screams heard. Everyone followed the rules, so long as the rules were enforced. I was conflicted about his tenure as sheriff, but Charlie Swan had been a great dad. He protected those who couldn't protect themselves, even if that meant becoming vulnerable in other ways. There'd been trust between him and Aro Cullen, the patriarch and previous Capo. That trust remained intact until they both died. Caius Cullen and Seth Lahote had replaced them, and their relationship was nowhere near as amicable, leaving the town on the brink of war. "I leave in five days," I pointed out, a last ditch effort to not become involved, even as a toxic mixture of guilt and foreboding churned in my gut. Satisfaction flickered in his unfathomable gaze. "A lot can happen in five days, detective," he answered, emphasizing the last word. "Aside from being the last person to see her, I think you can handle a simple missing person's case." "It doesn't sound like you're giving me a choice," I guessed flatly. His face shuttered. "Where you and I are concerned, you've always been the one who had a choice." There was a bitterness in his words, like I'd somehow beaten him in a game I didn't know I was playing. "I have to pack up Charlie's house," I repeated, a drop of sweat sliding down my forehead. "But I'll see what I can do." "Thank you." The words sounded foreign, coming from him. "Who's the missing classmate?" "Jessica Stanley. Heard of her?" He