Story Title: Cappo Di Tutti Capi Summary: Edward and Isabella Cullen run MC Enterprises and the Cullen mafia, making them Seattle's most important power couple. But what will become of them all when she's sick of the business? Pairing: E/B Rating: M Word count: 3826 Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. Cappo Di Tutti Capi BPOV He inclined his burnished head, and I followed, watching his long black overcoat swirling around his knees as he moved swiftly in front of me. It always turned me on to watch my husband be this powerful; after all, his current position made him the most powerful Capo Crimine in Seattle. We strode quickly across the empty and cold warehouse floor, our shoes echoing in the large space, stopping in front of the three men lined up on their knees. With their hands bound behind them and rags shoved in their mouths, they had no choice but to remain where they groveled. They'd been charged, judged, and convicted, and we were just there to carry out their sentences. The enforcers that brought them in for us moved from their positions behind the men, allowing us to take our place. We raised our weapons simultaneously, firing and hitting our intended targets with no words spoken. I took two, while my husband took the third. We turned and walked back out, my heels clicking quietly under the echo of the gunshot blasts. We didn't usually carry out executions, but it never hurt to start the rumor that we were still ruthless in our own rights. When we exited into the cool Seattle night air, I pulled my heavy coat tighter around my neck and stepped into the waiting limo, my husband climbing in after me. The second the driver closed the door, Edward pounced. "It is so goddamn hot to watch you take control, to snuff out those that would jeopardize our family." His hands pulled my hair, our open mouths meeting to exchange breaths before we swallowed each other whole. There was nothing hotter than my husband in charge, of me and everything else. I frantically yanked my slacks down, wishing I'd worn a skirt, and pulled on his belt to free his cock, hissing in my throat as it sprang free of his pants. Straddling his lap, I wasted no time before taking him inside me eagerly, loving the moan that vibrated from his mouth along my throat. One of his large hands gripped my bare ass as I rode him, the other pulling my hair and forcing my head back. I let out a wanton, whining groan as that hand curved around my neck and pressed just enough to have my orgasm slamming into me. "God, Isabella!" Edward grunted as he came, clutching my hips hard and pressing his face into my breasts. It was still and quiet for several minutes as we came down. By the time we reached the restaurant, we appeared the perfectly groomed power couple, holding hands as we walked insulated in between our guards and took our seats at the head of the large table in the very back. I spread the black cloth napkin in my lap before taking a sip of the wine that appeared at my elbow without having to ask. The others filed in, seating themselves around us in their permanent seating arrangement. Though the front windows were bulletproof, there could never be a clear sight line to either of us from the front door. It never hurt to be careful. "Jasper, Emmett," my husband greeted his most trusted men. They nodded in deference as their own drinks were placed in front of them. "We need to discuss how this happened," I began in a no nonsense tone. "They snuck in past Black and Newton at the Meyer Street warehouse. When they realized it, it was already too late; the men had gotten away with a delivery truck full to the brim," Emmett reported in a hard voice. "Even trying to be a legitimate company backfires," Jasper muttered under his breath. "So, who stopped them before they got away clean?" I demanded, ignoring Jasper's comment. "Garrett and Eli," Emmett named two of our best soldiers. I nodded, unsurprised. "Give them a bonus," Edward said offhandedly. "MCE can only go so far into legitimacy if we're still getting rid of the ones that cross us," Jasper pointed out. "If we're in the murder business, we're not operating legally." I leveled him with my best steely glare. "Let your bosses worry about that," I snapped. I knew we were struggling to go completely clean, with the other Seattle families challenging us at every turn, especially the Volturis. Jasper dipped his golden head in acquiescence, and I focused my gaze on the ticking muscle in Edward's cheek instead. I stroked my hand along his thigh to calm him down, because the last thing we needed was him blowing his cool at the table. He had a nasty temper on a tight leash. "Black and Newton will be taken care of," he ground out. "Leave us," he demanded. I watched Emmett and Jasper stand and march out, neither looking back as they did. "We can't kill good men, Edward," I tried to reason. I knew these soldiers, and I knew it was nothing more than an honest mistake. "If they're incompetent, we can," Edward countered, the corded muscles in his neck flexing as he maintained his control. "No," I insisted. "I grew up with them both, they joined this family because of me," I reminded him. "I do not accept your idea of punishment!" The cool demeanor I normally displayed was rapidly diminishing as I argued for the lives of my friends. Edward turned to me then, dangerous fire in his eyes. "You will not go against my orders. I willdecide, and you will comply!" It was a very good thing the restaurant was currently empty of patrons, because we were making a big enough scene for the employees. "Don't you dare speak to me like you run me the way you run the business." I stood, signaling to Liam as I made my way to the door. He accompanied me out, and drove me home in the same limo we'd taken out for the evening. When he opened the house for me, I headed upstairs and locked myself in our bedroom. I showered and went to bed without worrying or caring where my husband would spend the night, or how he would get home. EPOV I slammed my hand on the table in frustration. It was ingrained in me to take care of those that did right, and to destroy those that would destroy me. To cut the head from the giant before he could take another swipe at my organization was the only way to survive. Nobody defied me, nobody so much as disappointed me. But I had to balance that with my wife's needs. To kill the men she considered childhood friends would devastate her, and in turn affect me. I couldn't care less about those two; they'd been given a cake job and still managed to fuck it up. But I'd be damned if I spent too many nights out of my own bed because I'd pissed off Isabella by laying down the law. There had to be a compromise, but what? Let them slide because she vouched for them? I couldn't be seen as weak, especially not if someone decided I was whipped. Though I'd admit to those I trusted in a heartbeat that she owned my dick, not to mention my heart, I couldn't show that she clouded my judgement when it came to the business. There was always somebody willing to kill me to make a name for themselves, to steal what I've worked to build with my sweat and blood. There are others that think that all they have to do is undermine me and they can swoop in and take my wife and my business, and that I cannot allow. I would die to defend her, and I would give her protection over to my closest man, but they could not assume to take her heart if I were brought down. Arriving home, I pounded my way up the stairs to what I knew would be a locked master bedroom door. I knew she expected me to sleep on the couch, and I also knew that wasn't happening. I knocked politely after sending Liam away, just in case she was willing to be reasonable. Unsurprisingly, there was no answer, so I reached into my inner suit pocket for my picking tools. It was amusing, really, that she believed a simple lock could keep me out. When the door swung open, I spotted her in the bed, looking sweet and peaceful in her slumber. I intended to rectify that, to punish her for injuring my pride at the restaurant and attempting to defy me. Creeping closer, I removed my overcoat, suit jacket, socks, and shoes. The top few buttons on my dress shirt were already open, so I moved on to rolling up my sleeves before tiptoeing to her side of the bed. Just as I leaned over, my hand poised to deliver a heavy smack to her upturned ass, she rolled quickly and stood on the opposite side of the bed from me. "Did you really fall for the sleeping angel trick?" she taunted, her hands on her hips. Her long mahogany hair was wild and disheveled around her, the color high in her cheeks and her eyes bright. Already hard at the anticipation of spanking her, my cock twitched at the adrenaline spike from the impending cat and mouse game. "It's true you're faster than I am, but we both know you'll give in." "Is that what we know?" Bella darted past the end of our bed, streaking behind the loveseat in the corner by the fireplace. "You know I'll catch you, vixen." I stalked toward her with purpose, watching her chest rise and fall rapidly with excitement and her nipples straining under her thin silk nightgown. There was nothing but the furniture between us, so I leaned forward to taunt her. "And when I do, I'm going to spank that gorgeous ass." Her pupils dilated at my words, and her thighs rubbed together. "I'll scream," she threatened half-heartedly. "God, I hope so," I retorted. "I love it when you scream," I growled. She whimpered before gathering herself, her muscles bunching before feinting left, but I knew her moves by heart and reached for her before she could change her direction. I had a slim hold on her left arm, but she raised it so swiftly I lost my grip. Out from behind the loveseat and over the stool she went, around behind me to the bed again. She leaped on top of the mattress and stood at the headboard, her arms out for balance and her chest heaving. When I reached for her, she swept her leg as she squatted and kicked my wrist. "No fair, I taught you that move." Bella laughed victoriously as I rubbed the spot near my hand. "Doesn't mean you've won yet." I dove head first, knocking into her legs and landing us both in a tangle of limbs. Realizing that I had her pinned, I found my intended target and rubbed my hand over the silk covering her before yanking it up and bringing my palm down with a resounding smack. "Ohhh!" she moaned into the pillow. Loving the sounds she made, I gave her another smack before gathering her wrists in one hand and shifting so she was properly under me. Bella glared up at me, squirming until she brought the molten heat of her pussy in contact with the hard bulge in my pants. She knew how to play dirty, without a doubt. I ran my free hand from her knee