Story Title: Killa Saves the Bee Summary: When his wife, Bee, is kidnapped, Mobster Edward 'Killa' Masen will do anything to get her back. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count: 10,013 Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended Killa Saves the Bee Edward Masen walked out of his office in downtown Boston; his dark grey, custom-made suit hugged his muscled body as his wild auburn hair blew in the cool evening. He nodded his head to Ben and Stephen, his security detail, as they got into their black Cadillac. Edward let out a frustrated sigh as he glided into his Audi R8. He longed for the days when he didn't have security before everything changed and he became the boss. It had been a little over a year since his wedding day, the best and worst day of his life-the best because he married the love of his life and the worst because that was the day he became Boss to one of the most powerful organized crime operations in America. It was always the plan of his father, Carlisle, to hand over the Masen Crime family to his eldest son. What was not a part of the plan was to join forces with the Swanatori family of New York to make the largest crime family in history. He flexed his neck left and right as he prepared himself to call his wife. She wasn't going to take him not coming home on time well. She never did. They'd been together since he was twenty-two and she was eighteen. Before he met Bee, he was a punk that fucked and killed anyone. Then one day, he came home to find unexpected dinner guests. He smiled as he remembered just how much they hated each other during the first year of their arrangement. He had just finished his last year at Harvard and was visiting his parents for dinner. Edward had thought he could spend the summer doing nothing but partying and getting his dick wet. Between contracts and working with his uncle Garrett at Masen Liquors, he was sure to stay busy. He walked into his parent's large home in Andover. His father had moved them all out of Southie when he was in high school. He hated leaving Southie, having grown up in Dorchester Heights meant something to him, but the Masen Mob Family had grown, and his father's enemies were getting bolder. Carlisle Masen had no choice but to move his family to the burbs. The house was a little too much for Edward's taste. The two-story brick home had six bedrooms, which was ridiculous because neither Edward nor his brother were ever there. "There he is." Carlisle's voice was serious as he stood from one of the couches in the living room. Edward looked at his father with a raised eyebrow, questioning his statement as he walked in the room. He saw that his parents had company. He was annoyed because he'd hoped to get out of there early, but when his eyes landed on the guests, the sight in front of him stopped him cold-Charlie Swanatori, the crime boss of the Swanatori Family and the reason his family had relocated to fucking Andover. The Swanatori Family had relocated from New York to set up shop in The Hub, Boston. There was only one problem: the Masen's ran Boston, and everyone knew it. He noted the lack of bodyguards in the room. Charlie had his family with him, and he and Edward's father seemed ... friendly, a surprise to anyone who knew the history. He noticed a girl sitting in a corner of the couch, ignoring everyone. She was fucking gorgeous with her dark brown hair and pouty lips. He couldn't stop staring at her, his dick growing harder by the second. Right away he knew he wanted to know her, preferably upstairs in his bedroom. "What the fuck are you staring at?" Cold, brown eyes met his, and he was stunned for a moment, unable to believe she had dared to speak to him like that. "Bee!" Charlie said sternly, but the girl just continued. "He's fucking staring. That's rude," she said. "You're wicked crazy. Watch who you're talking to, Princess," Edward said, his voice cold, her beauty almost forgotten. "I'm not your fucking princess, cocksucker." She gave him a sardonic smile. "Oh my!" his mother said, a look of shock on her face. Ladies, even mob wives, were expected to maintain a modicum of decorum. "Please forgive my daughter, Esme. Isabella has very colorful language. I blame her brother and cousins." "Do not call me that. Il mio nome è Bee!" she shouted. Edward shook his head, not believing the balls on the girl. He didn't care how hot she was, and she was wicked fucking hot, he thought, her attitude was shit. "What the hell is going on?" he asked his father. "Language! Christ what will your children be like." His mother did the sign of the cross. All the color drained from both his and Bee's faces, and they both simultaneously started screaming. "Fuck no!" she shouted, rushing to her father. "I'm not marrying that fucking bitch!" he yelled. The room went silent and all eyes landed on Edward. As rude as Isabella had been, Edward crossed a line when he insulted another family's daughter. "What the fuck did you just call me?" Bee walked over to him. "I called you a bitch, Princ-" He never saw the punch coming, but her fist connected with his perfect nose, cutting him off mid-word. Blood spluttered down his crisp, white shirt, and he screamed out in pain. "Fuck! You broke my fucking nose!" His words were muffled as he held onto his face. "Call me a bitch again and that won't be all I'll break, Princess." She blew him a kiss before she turned around and took her seat. ~KSB~ "Call home," his smooth voice rasped out. The phone rang over the speakers, filling the quiet car. His heart rate increased and sweat formed on his forehead. While the memory of their first meeting made him smile, Bee's temper hadn't gotten any better. He wasn't afraid of anyone, but she was the one person who scared the shit out of him. "Non Voglio cazzo sentirlo!" The usually sultry voice was laced with anger. "Don't you fucking start speaking Italian to me! Tóg go bog é!" he ordered, trying not to get into a fight with her. Even after being with her six years, he still couldn't speak Italian, and she couldn't speak Irish. They had picked up a few words here and there, but neither spoke the language of their partner fluently. "I said I don't want to fucking hear it," she growled out. Edward took a deep breath, trying to calm his nerves before they got into one of their famous fights. They argued hard and made up even harder. That was always the best part to him, making up with her. It was always hard and raw and just them. "Bee," he pleaded. He knew that if he was defensive things would escalate, and he wanted to avoid that. "Fuck that, Edward! If you're not home by seven o'clock for dinner, don't fucking bother coming," she spit out, the venom evident in her voice. "Hey! Who da fuck you think you're talking to?" he asked, his Boston accent heavy in every word as he hit the steering wheel in frustration. "I'm talking to you, Edward Masen! You have not been home for dinner all week. I will not sit here and wait on you like a good little wife. If you're not home by seven, I hope you figure out how to fuck yourself!" she yelled. "You kiss your husband with that mouth of yours? Keep opening it and I'll be sure to put something in it when I'm home in time for dinner." He weaved through traffic, glancing at the time. "I usually do more than kiss my husband with my mouth, Killa." Her hard tone softened into a sexy purr. "If he's good, I lick the head of his cock like he taught me, and then I swallow all nine inches until he hits the back of my throat..." She paused, her breathing loud over the speakers. His cock hardened in his pants, and he shifted uncomfortably as he exited the highway. "But since you won't be coming home, you get nothing!" Her voice was cold again. "I'm running up to Eastie wicked quick to handle something and then I'll be home. I'm going to slap that ass for all this back talk." His voice was low, his desire evident. "Empty promises, Mr. Masen." The line went dead, and he let out a frustrated groan. He loved his wife to death, but she could bust his balls like no person he'd ever met. No one else would dare hang up on him, but to Bee, he was always just Edward or Killa-her husband. She didn't care about his position in the family and for that he loved her even more. After parking the car behind the seemingly abandoned building, he hit the button on the hidden glove box revealing a Smith and Wesson 460 silver revolver and a pair of brass knuckles with a four-leaf clover cut out. Kissing the gun and the brass knuckles, he looked down with longing. "Damn, I miss using you two." There was a time when he'd spent more time with these weapons than he had with people-at least with people who would get out alive. He put the gun in his waist and slipped the knuckles on the four fingers of his right hand before he exited the car. His fingers twitched in excitement at the prospect of killing someone. He hadn't killed anyone since the day before his wedding and it was way past fucking time. As Boss he rarely ever got to shoot anyone, and he couldn't wait. It was one of the things he missed most about being his father's second in command and most trusted soldier. Once he reached the door, he gave it two quick raps and it opened. He walked in and turned to give a head nod to one of his soldiers. "Riley, what's doin?" he asked. "Wicked good, Killa. They all in there waiting on you," he said, opening up the wooden door. Edward walked in, observing the scene in front of him. The open room was dark except for the low light coming through the high windows. In the middle of the empty room, Royce King was tied up, bleeding, as Edward's brother, Emmett, stood in front of him, blood dripping from his fist. Edward's cousins Jasper and James and brother-in-law, Jacob, all stood around, suit jackets off and sleeves rolled up as they each took a turn pounding into Royce's beat up form. "You fuckers couldn't wait on me?" Edward asked as he unbuttoned his suit jacket. "Don't get pissed. Da said you're not to get your hands dirty. You're the boss now, Killa." Emmett threw his hands up in frustration. He knew his brother would want a piece of the action but he was under strict instructions from his father and Charlie Swanatori not to let him. Since Edward was the boss, according to his father and Charlie, he needed to act like one and not a common street thug. Emmett just hoped he didn't take out his frustrations on him. "Fuck that!" Edward said as he stopped in front of the limp man. He threw one powerful punch; the crack of Royce's nose sounded out in the empty building. Blood spilled everywhere, and Edward bounced on his toes like a boxer. "Damn, that was wicked pissa!" Edward said before he threw two more punches. "Fuck! You gone get me whacked by those two old muppets," Emmett said, shaking his head. "Relax, he's the fucking boss," Jasper