"Well, here it is! my childhood home!" The pale blue house stood out against the surrounding background of green and brown. The rest of the houses for as far as I could see were varying shades of tan, white, and brown. We pulled into the driveway and I climbed out of the SUV with my pillow in tow. I walked up the stairs on the left side of the porch towards the door. flowers lined the porch to the door in front of me. I unlocked the door with my key and walked in while dad talked to the guys driving the movers truck. I turned to the left and in front of me was the living room. The couch would go up against the left wall, the tv on the wall on the right. The door to the spare bedroom in front of me in the middle. The wall where the tv would go had a set of stairs going up to the second floor. I walked through the arch on the right of me into the kitchen. In front of me was a nook with a round table and a bench. To my left, up against the wall was a stove, sink, and counter. The fridge would go in front of me in between the counter and island. The back door was near the end of the wall. I went up the stairs and at the top dads room was in front of me. A linen closet to the right of me and my room farther down the hall from that. I went into my room and used post-its to mark where I wanted my stuff put. I went outside to help dad after dropping my pillow on the island in the kitchen. He was standing with a group of boys and an older man in a wheelchair. He was talking to the tallest one. "I just want to thank you for packing up and moving back here so fast. You'll be a great help to the pack." "It's no problem Sam. It'll be nice to be back here and show Vic where I grew up." "Ahh so your the infamous Sam that I've been hearing so much about for the past few days" I said. He was tall and plain looking, but built. All of the boys were. They were also all very attractive. "Boys this is my daughter Victoria. Vic, this is Sam, Paul, Jared, Embry, Quil, Jacob, Seth, Colin, Brady, and this old man here is Billy, Jacob's dad. They're gonna help us move all of our stuff in." "Its nice to meet you guys. Ill be at the store getting groceries and pizza if you need me, Cant hurt myself before soccer season starts." I smiled as I walked to the car. "Oh so you know where your going then?" dad yelled at me. I stopped walking and slowly pivoted on my foot. They were all looking at me and snickering. I pointed to them and said "yeah, that way". They all started laughing and Jacob said "Your missing a few turns but that's the general direction. Seth will go with you." The smallest of them all came up to the car and got in with me. "So what grade are you in?" he asked me before we even got out of the driveway. "I'm gonna be a junior when school starts next week. you?" "Turn left here, I'm gonna be a junior too well prolly have classes together, the school isn't that big. So you play soccer?! That's cool I've always wanted to play a sport but I never got the chance I'm kinda scrawny if you haven't noticed but I'm gonna grow into my muscles, Jacob says its cuz I didn't hit puberty before I changed the first time but I don't know we'll see oooooo I wasn't supposed to say that..." "Okay one, can you breath when you talk? I don't want you passing out when I'm driving. Two I didn't know you were a wolf! Dad told me Sam was and that a few of the guys here were to but he never said who!" "You know about us?! How?! We aren't allowed to tell anybody how do you know?!" "When dad moved away with my mom he left Sam. He left their little two man pack. He didn't have an alpha. He told me on the way over here and I almost jumped out of the car. He knew it was going to be his only chance to tell me before we got here and he took it. He knew Sam wasn't gonna let him tell me once he accepts his role. I don't have a mom anymore. I haven't for a long time its just going to be me and my dad in the house and he wanted me to know why I woke up alone one day in the future." "Well that's cool of him. Now we don't have to watch what we say or do, do you know how annoying that is when we have to control ourselves all the time?! The only place we can be free is Sam and Emily's house and its not that big! Now we can come and hangout at your place too! turn right and its on your right." I parked the car and we got out and walked into the store. I grabbed a cart and we went down every isle looking for two weeks worth of food and dinner for tonight. The whole time everyone that passed us said hi to Seth and asked him how he and his mom and sister were. "How come your sister wasn't at my house helping?" "Someone has to be on patrol all the time. Sam likes to be ahead of things." He said as he grabbed a loaf of bread. "Patrol? Whats that?" "Patrol is where one or two wolves runs the whole property line of La Push. If we catch a whiff of something then Sam splits us up as he sees fit and puts more wolves on patrol at one time till we catch the vamp. You do know what a vamp is right?" "Yeah dad put that in his confession speech. Why would vampires come here?" "Well it's almost always overcast here. Rains five days out of seven. Its the perfect environment for them. They sparkle so no sun is good. Also a coven of them lives in the next town over, Forks. They're different from the rest of them, they like to be called a family and they're vegetarians. They are really nice. Jacob is dating one of them." "Jacob is dating one of them?!" " I told you they're different. They want to coexist with humans not kill them. And shes half and half. Like creamer." I stopped walking and burst into laughter. "Half and half like creamer?! What does that even mean!?" "Shhh keep your voice down! stop laughing your attracting attention." he pulled me and the cart down around to the next isle. "One of the Cullen's fell for a human, Jake's best friend. They got married and she got pregnant. Their daughter, Jake's girlfriend, is half human and half vampire. Half and half." "ohh...Yea that's a lot to comprehend I'm just gonna sleep on it, what should we get for dinner? I'm sure the guys are almost done by now we don't have that much shit." I called my dad and we all decided on pizza after a chorus of different food options got yelled through the phone at me and Seth. We went to go pick up the order, 17 pizzas, and headed back to the house. When we got there all of the stuff had been moved in and all of the furniture in the right place. All of the boys helped but the groceries away under the pretense that if they didn't help, they weren't eating. "Hey aren't we missing one of you?" I asked after looking around. "Oh yea Paul's up in your room putting your bed together. The rest of us were tired of trying." Jared said. I snagged an un-touched box of pizza and headed up to my room. "What the fuck is this thing?! this is not a bed!" I heard as I walked through the door. Paul was sitting on my floor with a square frame upside down trying to figure out how to connect my headboard to it. "Why don't you take a break and have some pizza? I snagged a whole box before the crows could touch it." He turned around and stared at me for a good minute before answering "Yeah that would be great, your beds pissing me off." I sat down on the floor next to him "Did you guys get the tv set up yet?" I asked. "yeah, cable, Playstation, all good to go." "Why don't we ignore the puppies down stairs and have our own party and ill help u with my bed while we watch Netflix?" I smiled at him. He grinned back and said "Best idea ever." we set up a blanket on the floor and turned on Family Guy and ate pizza. We put my bed together just in time for him to leave for patrol. "Hey thanks for putting my bed together, Ill sleep well knowing it wont collapse" I laughed as he walked out the front door. "Well thank you for helping and snagging us a pizza. Ill see you around." he said as he walked out the door. I went and sat on the couch with dad. "I think your really gonna like it here Vic" "Me too" I said. I woke up the next morning with dad knocking on my door. "Hey get up, I made breakfast for you before I have to go to my shift at the hospital." He had a plate full of pancakes sitting at the island. "So what are you gonna do today while I'm gone?" "I'll prolly finish my room. All you guys did was put my bed together and push my other stuff against the wall. I still have all of my clothes to unpack too. I might hangout with guys, get to know everyone. Kinda part of the group now." "Well that sounds like an eventful day. I'll let you get too it. I'll see you when I'm done. Love you" "Love you too dad, see ya." After I put my plate in the sink I set off to unpack. After unpacking my clothes and putting them into the closet I started hanging my pictures and posters. I unpacked my desk things last an went downstairs to make lunch. As soon as I hit the last step the doorbell rang. I opened the door to find Seth. "Have you had lunch yet?!" "Hi Seth good afternoon to you too how's your day?" "Oh sorry, hi I'm good. How did you sleep last night? Emily wants to meet you and she makes all of us lunch everyday so I figured I'd come get you." "Oh yea just let me put my shoes on and grab my keys." I slipped on my sneakers and grabbed my keys from the bowl on the shelf by the door. "I'm assuming you ran here." I said as I locked the door. I turned to look at him to find him smiling at me. I laughed and climbed into my car. "Where was this thing yesterday when you struggling to drive that tank?" "Hey I was driving fine! And it got here last night at some point, thank you." I finished with sticking my tongue out at him. We chatted on the way to Sam and Emily's house and when we got there a little later than it should have taken thanks to Seth and his nonstop talking, he paused when he got out of the car and said "Oh Don't stare. Sam hates that." He didn't give me