Title: A Tornado of Roses Rating: M Summary: Charlie and Hermione can't stand each other, not one bit - this feeling may have been compounded by the fact that Hermione broke Charlie's nose. However, when the duo takes up teaching positions at Hogwarts School, their relationship deepens while a Forbidden Forest mystery unfolds. She was chaos and beauty intertwined. A tornado of roses from divine. - Shakieb Orgunwall Chapter 1: A Broken Nose This was not how Charlie imagined his day would start: with a broken and bloody nose, with him thoroughly pissed off at the witch who caused this…none other than one, Hermione Granger. Was it too much to ask that he have some peace and quiet whilst the dragons from Romania were transferred over to Northumberland, marking this as one of the few times he had off from work? It apparently was as the Burrow was brimming with members of his own kin, as well as Harry Potter, and the girl-who-caused-my-broken-nose-Granger. The war was over, and Voldemort, many members of the wizarding community in Great Britain still referring to the raging madman as 'You-Know-Who,' was finally conquered by none other than Harry himself, their final confrontation being held in the Great Hall of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It had been a horrific final encounter for those who opposed his rule, and the Death Eaters who supported it. And yet, down he came, though at the cost of many lives, both young and old, friend and foe, namely that of Fred Weasley. In the months following his defeat, the wizarding community tried to reestablish their way of life, something that was nearly destroyed by Voldemort's rise to power, and eventual control of the Ministry of Magic. Their government was in shambles, their population had deteriorated by vast numbers, while the ancient school of magic was nothing but a ruin of its old self. It was a large undertaking, a task that would take many months, if not several years, for total recuperation, according to the current Minister of Magic, Kingsley Shacklebolt. Efforts, however, to rebuild their society came into full swing, with many available hands on deck to repair the damage the war left in its wake. Things were far from normal, yet both witches and wizards alike were slowly breaking ground into what had been a fruitful past, bar dark wizards who attempted world domination for breakfast; the lunch and dinner platters were nothing but horrendous guesswork of what the future entailed if that came to. This was one year ago, and now, the wizarding establishment of Great Britain was returning to a small sense of normalcy although the presence of dark witches and wizards persisted. "Charlie, honey, hold still," his mum was saying, though the dragon tamer had a hard time following her directions, for anger was coursing through his very veins, his hands had balled into fists, at the pain that Granger girl had put him through so early in the morning. And what shame as it was such a gorgeous day out! "I can't fix your nose unless you stop moving!" His mum now had her hands on her hips, while her eyes were starting to bubble with a blazing fury, irritated that her second-oldest son was acting like a four-year-old nuisance, rather than his twenty-seven-year-old self. He seethed at the kitchen table, forcing himself to take several deep breaths to calm his inner core, though it was still raging inside of him like a monster trying to break free – the famous, or infamous, Weasley temper. "She had no right, no right at all, to slam open the front door like that! What kind of mental witch does that, anyway," he said in a grumpy manner. "Hermione had another row with your youngest brother, if you must know," his mum answered sounding slightly annoyed, her hands still on her hips. "So she has to throw open the door like that?!" "I'm sure she didn't see you, dear, but if you cannot hold still, I'll have you fix your own nose!" Hearing an edge to his mother's voice now, Charlie finally took control of himself and was able to stop moving, though his thoughts continued to work into overdrive. 'So apparently I'm the loser in her row with Ron…yes, how fair life was! I was just an innocent bloke, a bystander who planned on charming some witches over in Diagon Alley; instead, I'm still at home, waiting for my nose to be fixed!' "Charlie, you need to calm down," his mother tried to placate. "It's just a broken nose, an easy fix. Though, Hermione must've used all of her strength to open the front door; you have multiple fractures," she regaled over to him, flicking her wand and wiping the blood off of his face. She then added, "That poor girl." "Mum, she didn't just open the front door…she slammed it. And 'poor girl'…really? I wasn't aware that she had anything broken that needed to be fixed." "Well that's where you're wrong. She probably has a broken heart, as I know how she hates fighting with Ron. You would think that with the two of them being together for over a year now that they would've found some common ground but apparently with those two, bickering is their common ground." "What's it been…like every day since I've been back that they've fought? They still act like annoying schoolchildren. I would think they would be more mature by now but I guess I was wrong on that front." Mrs. Weasley decided not to answer for she pointed her wand at her son's nose and waved it in a short pattern, as Charlie suddenly felt a certain warmth blanket his fractures, before it turned icy cold. "There," his mum announced with a curt nod, "that should do the trick." "Thanks," Charlie murmured, touching his newly-mended nose, albeit a big gingerly, and standing to his feet. "I have to say though, isn't it time for Ron and Hermione to marry off and start a family of their own…you know, somewhere away from the Burrow?" "Charlie," his mother scolded, "that's no way to talk! She's only twenty!" "Which is nearly a decade older to know better than to just slam open doors in other people's faces, especially without looking." "You leave her alone, am I understood? She doesn't need another Weasley to argue everyday with!" "I've been around witches like her before and they're all the same: bad news. I have nothing to say to her." Mrs. Weasley let out a heavy sigh and shook her head, deciding to let the subject matter drop, as it really wasn't one of great importance. "Since you're still here, make yourself useful and go out and de-gnome the garden." "Mum, can you tell me exactly what I'm being punished for," he asked in a frustrated state. "I had plans!" However, Charlie instantly backed down when his mother threw him one of her trademark glares, a dire warning that her words were not to be questioned. Admitting defeat, he rolled his eyes and walked out of the kitchen, still feeling angry, and now, downright annoyed at this frivolous chore his mum had given him. Stepping out into the warm July atmosphere, the large sun nothing but a ball of fire, radiating its immense heat all over Devon, with no clouds to break its spell, even if was momentarily, Charlie craned his neck to the left and right, satisfied upon hearing several cracks . He breathed in the fresh air, content with the fact that natural smells around him were entering into his nasal passages without any problem, as even a slight smile crept over his features, his mind roaming over to one particular witch he rather fancied. If all went well in Diagon Alley later today, Charlie certainly had no plans of sleeping in his own bed that night. However, his goodwill was short-lived for at that moment, his eyes fell upon Granger, the witch who had a bash in causing other's physical pain, namely that of broken noses. She was leaning against the trunk of a tree nestled some yards away with her arms wrapped protectively around her middle, her gaze having an unfocused look about it, her thoughts scattered before her. Charlie, though, wanted an apology from her for his early-morning distress, for he then marched over to her, ignoring his mother's admonition of leaving her be. The grass crunched underneath his feet as a slight wind raced over him, rippling his white shirt over his muscled body in small waves. Upon his arrival, she looked up and rolled her eyes. For some reason he couldn't explain, this greatly annoyed him. He folded his arms over his chest and looked down at her, waiting patiently. He didn't care if he wasn't welcome, in fact, he would have preferred that standing before Hermione was raking on her very last nerve. "Can I help you," she asked frostily, looking up at him. "I would like for you to apologize," he responded curtly. She scoffed, standing to her feet. "Excuse me?" "I know you heard me. All I want is a simple 'sorry.'" "And why, exactly, would I do that?" He snorted, "You broke my nose, or didn't you hear the numerous cracks over your wild ranting?" "I was not ranting," she tossed back forcefully. "And I wasn't aware that I had to apologize for blatant stupidity!" "Blatant stupidity," he repeated, his voice growing louder. "How on earth did you reach that silly conclusion?" "You clearly had time to move out of the way! When I was coming down the stairs, I saw you approach the front door through a window!" "That is-that's not-listen, are you going to apologize or not?" He stammered over his words, cursing himself as he did so, as he remembered that he did pause before entering into the home, hearing Hermione and Ron trade insults, something he found amusing, as he stopped and listened to see how far they would go. "I'm not apologizing for something that could've been prevented on your part!" "Well good, because I'm not apologizing either!" As he turned on his heel and stalked away from her, he realized that his last statement made absolutely no sense. He surely didn't have to say 'sorry' to Hermione; he was, after all, the victim in this case. His temper was now reaching scorching levels, the burning sun above feeding a flame to the fire, for he barely noticed his sister passing by him, shooting him a death glare while tacking on, "You can be so callous sometimes, you know that?" He turned his head and watched Ginny go over towards Hermione, the pair resuming the latter's position of leaning against the tree trunk he had just left, taking seats under the shade the branches provided. He fumed as he went over to the Weasley garden, a large plotted area near the kitchen window where wild, thorn-ridden weeds coexisted with a flurry of beautiful flowers and rambles of bushes, within a slowly-deteriorating wooden fence. Crooked trees dotted a row along the long worn-out barrier, while the grass stood waist-high; frogs croaked loudly about, disturbing an otherwise quiet air, as they huddled near green lily pads in a big pond situated in one corner. Charlie, bending down, his hand reaching into a random bush, got to work. In his first grasp, he managed to grab eight gnomes at once. Their hard and bony feet kicked out at him, each one resembling something close to a potato with arms and legs, while they all looked scandalized at being manhandled to the degree of Charlie hurling them as far as he could; some of the creatures slamming into the trunks of scattered trees in the distance, while others were swallowed by the leaves of high-standing branches. On his second attempt, Charlie took hold of seven more, as gnomes were not known for being very bright, as they came up