Chapter 1: The Elf and the Otter Screaming … fire … pain . Screaming … fire … pain . Screaming … fire … pain … Hermione's eyes popped open, her head nothing but a pile of smoldering ash. Her first sight was upon the vast ocean of stars stretched over her, each tiny diamond blazing against the pitch-black canvas it was glued onto. The tips of the trees reared overhead, its branches swaying and creaking ominously each time an avenue of wind stole over it. This looks familiar , she mentally thought to herself as she continued to lie on her back, though she couldn't pinpoint exactly why it was memorable. Her left arm was sore, along with that of her lower back and torso; her stomach growled consistently with emptiness while her head resembled a prison of fists, each one pounding from the inside to break free. It was at this time that a soft snore alerted her to an added weight to her chest. She picked up her head gingerly, inwardly groaning in the process, as she then spotted what looked like a small creature perched atop her. It looked as if this being was using her body as its mattress, its own arms coming together as a pillow of sorts for it. Through reasons she couldn't explain, however, Hermione wasn't afraid of this creature on her, rather, it gave her sense of comfort that she wasn't alone, wherever she happened to be at that present time. She tried to move, yet her arms protested its weakness, while her legs issued out a weak spasm. Hermione tried to speak, her eyes still trained on what was on her, but her vocal chords were strained, feeling as if they hadn't been used in several days. Thinking of how she could get out of this predicament she now found herself in, she set her head back down, barely noticing that it rested upon a large gathering of soft leaves. Hermione let out a sigh and sniffled loudly, coming to terms with the fact that an odd cackling sound was about, a noise that bore a resemblance to a fire. Hermione tried to move around, wiggling her fingers and shifting her shoulders about as the creature above her started to stir. Emitting a loud groan, the weight on her chest suddenly lifted as a pair of feet trampled over small twigs and ruffled foliage. A moment later, the face of a house-elf abruptly came into view over her, its voice squeaking out, "Is missus awake?" "Wha-," Hermione croaked, confused beyond any sense of belief. She swallowed hard and winced, as the sensation was similar to that of swallowing glass, and tried to sit up. The house-elf, however, gently pushed her back down so that she still continued to lie on her back. "No, missus, not yet, you is injured," it told her in a grave voice. The creature then scuttled off and out of sight, Hermione hearing various sounds of whooshes and sizzles , before the house-elf returned, now holding a white, porcelain teacup in its hands. "Missus must drink this," it said, "she will feel better when she does." Hermione paused for a moment before she nodded her head in acceptance, though as soon as she did, she wish she hadn't, for the fists inside her pounded in delirium, as if whatever resided in the offered cup would lead to their demise. The elf carefully tipped the contents in Hermione's open mouth in small tidbits to prevent her from choking. The drink, if one could call it that, tasted bitter though an earthly flavor, one of fresh herbs and dew-covered grass, heralded in afterwards, making Hermione hum in satisfaction as the drink raced through her inner core, easing her pain into dull throbs, while the fists inside her head receded back from bursting open her skull. "Thank you," Hermione whispered after clearing her throat and licking her dry lips. "What is that?" "It is a potion I brewed, missus," the elf replied, pointing to somewhere nearby. Hermione's brows pulled in together as she sat up, her back cracking several times as she did so, coming to rest on her palms. She looked to where the house-elf was still pointing at and saw that a small, black cauldron was resting at the base of a thick tree, with small bouts of smoke issuing from its surface. "Has that been there this whole time," Hermione questioned, nodding over towards the miniature pot. She also took in the sight of a small bundle of skinny sticks that housed a dying fire, with small, orange embers parting from its licking flames, dissipating from small glows into nothingness. "No, missus, Sparky summoned it," the house-elf answered. "Sparky," she repeated quizzically. "Sparky, missus, Sparky the house-elf," the creature introduced himself, bowing so that its nose touched the leave-strewn forest floor. "Sparky, do you know where we are," Hermione asked next, gesturing to the woods around them. "We are in the Forest of Dean, missus," he replied, his tennis-ball shaped eyes darting to his left and right before settling back on her. Hermione then saw that Sparky was wearing a dark, green beanie upside down, that had two holes poked through its top for his legs to fit into; one of his bat-like ears was bent forward in an odd manner, while the other had a red bandana tied around its base; a small chain with a pendant attached to it finished off his appearance. "The Forest of Dean," Hermione repeated again, though this time in an incredulous manner. "W-Why are we here?" The elf replied in a shaky voice, "Forgive Sparky, missus, but he does not know." She paused, taking another sweeping, panoramic view around her before she returned her attention back on the house-elf. "How…or why are you here," she addressed next, stressing 'you'. "Sparky's trinket burned suddenly, missus, and in the next minute, he ended up here." "Your trinket?" In answer, the house-elf took hold of small, silver pendent that was wound around his neck. Upon careful inspection, Hermione saw that the ornament was in the shape of an otter. "Where did you get this, Sparky," she inquired, giving the otter a curious look, recognizing it as the form her patronus took. "Sparky always had it, missus," he responded dutifully, though his tone was soft, "it was given to him by his masters." Hermione looked into the small creature's eyes, trying to piece together the mystery of who this house-elf really is. He returned her stare, though his was one of mere curiosity, not being able to judge whether or not Hermione was a friend or foe. "And who are your masters?" Responding rather despondently, he said, "Sparky has never met his masters before, missus. Sparky only takes care of his maters' cottage by the sea." "You don't know who your masters are?" In answer, Sparky shook his head from side to side. "Then the cottage of your masters' by the sea is…empty?" "You is correct, missus. Sparky has been taking care of it for nearly eight years." Hermione looked over at the house-elf, confusion set within her features. She didn't understand how Sparky knew he had masters even though he's never met them before whilst keeping maintenance over their cottage for the past eight years; his story didn't add up in any logical sense. "Sparky, how do you know you even have-," however, Hermione never finished her question for a flood of memories suddenly sprinted back into her with such force that she gasped aloud. The Battle of Hogwarts…ongoing…Voldemort giving Harry one hour to give himself up, telling him to meet his fate within the Forbidden Forest…Fred Weasley dead…Hagrid being carried away by the scurrying of Aragog's descendants…Remus dead…Tonks dead… Screaming … fire … pain . Screaming … fire … pain . Screaming ... fire … pain … "H-Hogwarts, need to get to Harry, they're all dead," Hermione stammered unintelligibly, causing Sparky to move closer to her as she began to shake. Sucking in a deep breath, which did nothing to calm her, she wildly exclaimed, "I need to get back to Hogwarts!" "Is missus alright," the house-elf asked, though she was positive her distraught state was an answer unto itself. "Sparky, you don't understand," she remarked quickly, standing to her feet, wincing as she did so. "There's a great battle going on right now back at Hogwarts! Oh, how could I forget?! I need to get back!" She looked around in a frenzy, seeing if she had deposited any of her belongings on the forest floor; she only saw her beaded bag. Hermione then groped the pocket of her jeans and sighed in relief when she felt the presence of Bellatrix's wand there. While it wasn't her own, hers being confiscated by a group of Snatchers some time before, the fact that she was in possession of a wand, no matter whose it was, provided her with a sense of security. "Would missus like Sparky to accompany her back to Hogwarts," the house-elf piped up, looking at Hermione in a calm manner, as if her harrowed condition had no impact on his mental capacity. She looked down at him and questioned, "You don't have to go back to your masters' home?" "Sparky only goes back when his pendant tells him to," he relayed, pointing at the otter dangling over his bare chest. "It brought him to missus, and now missus is going to Hogwarts." Hermione nodded her head in mild understanding and then queried, "Do you know where Hogwarts is?" "Sparky does, missus! His masters used to go there!" The case of who exactly the masters of Sparky the house-elf were still probed at Hermione, fueling the desire to figure the creature out. Is it possible that I know his masters , Hermione quickly thought, he did say they went to Hogwarts. However, she quickly shook these viewpoints from her head as she remembered that she had to return to the castle. Taking a step closer to Sparky, she grabbed his hand and stated down to him, "Let's go." Arriving just before the outskirts of the Forbidden Forest, Hermione initially felt that something was wrong, very, very wrong…it was far too quiet. Before she had time to decipher this dire warning, a strong arm suddenly wrapped around her middle, pulling her backwards, while a hand covered her mouth, muffling her scream. She heard Sparky gasp as he charged forward at her attacker, though a voice then said in her ear, "Shh, shh, I'm not going to hurt you." The man's tone sounded somewhat familiar to her, yet she couldn't quite place where she had heard it from before. "My name is-," Sparky, on the other hand, did not hear the man's whisper for calm, for the house-elf snapped his fingers. Hermione instantly felt her middle being released from the hold she was clasped within, as the man flew rearward, grunting as he collided with the bark of a lone tree. Hermione dug out Bellatrix's wand and muttered, " Lumos ," brandishing its lit tip over to where the man had gone to. With Sparky at her side, the little house-elf tense and ready for action, Hermione's eyes fell upon a man's body that had short, red hair sprouting over his head while a groan emitted from his throat. Hermione saw him lying on his stomach, wheezing for breath. Creeping up to this fallen form, a certain recognizable quality emanated from him. She called out softly, "Ron?" The man on the ground turned his head to look at her which was when Hermione noticed her mistake, for he was not Ron, though he looked to be within the same relation of the Weasley family clan. "C-Charlie," she managed to get out, shock flitting over her features. "Who are you," he asked with a hint of unpleasantness; she wagered that the second-oldest Weasley son didn't like to be thrown backwards into trees of the