Nocturnal by Red Garden Gnome Summary: Taking a position in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, Hermione Granger grows closer to Charlie Weasley, who's back home from Romania. As their relationship deepens, a spin of corruption and malice is revealed, threatening to tear apart the wizarding community in Great Britain. The beginning of the story takes place in August of 1998. Charlie Weasley, born December 12, 1972 (age 25) Hermione Granger, born September 19, 1979 (age 19) Chapter 2 will be posted Friday afternoon. Thanks for reading. Chapter 1: The Spark between Birds Hermione stepped outside of the Burrow, letting the screen door close quietly behind her, as the voices from inside the towering home became muted. She crossed her arms over her chest as a cool, summer breeze stole over her, blowing around her frizzy hair while her light blue blouse rippled with the wind. The night was cloudless, as the moon hung off in the distance across the black canopy of the sky, joined by the stars, which glowed about in a dazzling display, appearing like diamonds lost at sea. The war was over, as the Battle of Hogwarts had taken place nearly four months before, at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There had been causalities, fifty by means of the Daily Prophet, and now, the wizarding community in Great Britain was on the mend. There were some close calls, like that of Fred Weasley, who had nearly been killed in an explosion, however, he had lived (though he spent the next month at St. Mungo's recuperating). It would be a slow burn, trying to live on, knowing what had just happened by that of Lord Voldemort and his wild band of Death Eaters that had nearly cast the entire populace of witches and wizards into total chaos, having anarchy rule. But he had been defeated and he was no more. However, the effects of the war still lingered; Hermione felt them, especially at night within her nightmares, and she was sure that Harry and Ron had felt it was well. After all, nearly a year on the run had lasting implications for anybody, no matter the witch, wizard, or Muggle. Hermione thought over the pieces she had to pick up and put back together to give her life more meaning that what it had at the moment. The war had shattered a plan she had set for herself after she finished school and now, she wasn't quite sure what she wanted to do. On one hand, Ron had made some of his advances quite apparent as it was clear his mind was still drifting over the memory of the kiss they had shared during the final battle. There was also the idea of Hermione returning to Hogwarts to finish her education, just like she had initially intended. With the new term beginning on the first of next month, Hermione had things to sort out, a life to plan, and feelings to harbor. Just then, the voices inside the Burrow became louder once again, as its screen door creaked open; when it clanged shut, the sound was once more drowned down to a low dull. Hermione turned her head and saw Charlie walking towards her, donned in a black t-shirt and jeans, his hands in his pockets. "What're you doing out here, Hermione," Charlie said as a way of greeting, looking slightly baffled seeing her outside. "Just thinking is all," she responded lightly, looking over at Charlie before she returned her gaze upwards towards the night sky. "Well, do you fancy a short walk? I like to clear my head after dinner," he offered with a small shrug of his shoulders, "it's always so noisy in there." "I thought you liked it," Hermione questioned, as the pair started to stroll down the lane, side-by-side with the grass crunching underneath their feet, "a big family and all?" "I do, you're right about that, but sometimes, my family can be a bit overbearing, don't you think?" "Maybe, or could it be that you're just not used to it, living in Romania and all," Hermione replied. "That could be the reason," Charlie said in contemplation with a grin slowly crawling over his face, "I mean, back at the reserve, I do live by myself. It's typically quiet there save for the occasional dragon." Hermione laughed at this as she looked over at Charlie, who stared ahead of him. She noticed that even though she was shorter than him, Charlie was the smallest Weasley son; Bill, Percy, Fred, George, and Ron all towered over him like the skyscrapers of London, though Charlie packed a lot more muscle than that of his brothers, as his black t-shirt stretched over his bulging biceps. Hermione surmised that working with dragons all day built up one's body and stamina. She also noted that Charlie had the shortest hair of the Weasley clan, as his clean-cut, fiery red hair was waved off to the side. "So Hermione," Charlie started slowly in a serious manner, snapping Hermione's mind back to reality, "Do you plan on returning to Hogwarts? I overheard Ron and Harry tell mum that they're not going back." "Well, I'm not exactly sure if I want to go back either, part of me does, but part of me doesn't. I guess you could say that it's all up in the air right now," Hermione sighed, as they strolled by a small orchard that seemed to be infested with fairies, as multi-colored lights danced over her and Charlie's faces. "I think going back is too difficult. I don't know if I could sit in a classroom and sleep in a tower where just a few months ago, a major battle took place, and so many people lost their lives." "But if you didn't go back to Hogwarts, then what would you do," Charlie asked, his face innocent. "I think I would like to go and get my parents," she answered solemnly, her arms still folded over her chest. "Your parents," Charlie asked, stopping mid-step to turn to look at her, making Hermione stop as well. "What's happened to them?" "Before Bill and Fleur's wedding, I modified their memories so that they would forget they had a daughter…that they would forget about me. With Voldemort and the war, I couldn't risk anything happening to them while I was away from home. I had them move to Australia and take fake identities just in case." After a hushed quiet, Charlie said, "Wow," as if that was all he could think of to say. "You must really miss them then." "I miss them a lot, but it was a necessary thing to do," Hermione responded with a shrug of her shoulders. "Why haven't you gone to get them back before," Charlie inquired, "the war has been over for several months now," he said, quirking up one eyebrow. "I've been an emotional wreck," Hermione replied, laughing without any humor, "I didn't want my parents to see how I was after the war. It would've called for too much of an explanation on a matter I still don't even feel like talking about." "You looked fine to me," Charlie replied, cocking his head to one side, as if he was accessing his own memories to see if Hermione seemed at all troubled since she had stayed at the Burrow days after the final battle took place. "I mean, you still do." "I've gotten better at hiding my feelings," she whispered quietly, her voice enfolding in the darkness that surrounded the pair. "You know, I'm not good with feelings and all, but I don't think it's healthy if you held onto all of these emotions you have regarding the war," Charlie started, as he moved one of his hands to clasp the back of his neck, rubbing it, "it wouldn't be good for anyone really." "You're right, but I think that this is just a little different. For me, it was all so personal, seeing the Ministry of Magic infiltrated and targeting Muggle-Borns, watching Hogwarts getting destroyed, people I know being murdered. I know that everyone has suffered a lot, but I think that we all have our own ways of adjusting to our world post-Voldemort," Hermione stated, seeing a shudder run through Charlie at the mention of Voldemort's name, a name that continued to instill fear in the hearts and minds of the wizarding community. "So when do you plan on going to get your parents," Charlie asked after a quiet moment. "I'm not sure, but it'll be soon. I have to plan first, and then I can go." "Whereabouts in Australia are they?" "I sent them to Sydney," she said, "I thought it would be better for them to go to a major city where there's a lot of people so they wouldn't be easily noticed if it happened that someone came looking for them." Charlie nodded his head in understanding just as two fairies, one red and the other blue, flew over and encircled the pair, before they decided to sit atop Charlie's right shoulder. "Looks like we got company," Charlie said warmly, a smile forming onto his face, as he stole a quick glance at Hermione, who grinned in return. "Have you given any thoughts about what you would like to do after Hogwarts, no matter if you go back or not," Charlie asked. "For a time, I was thinking about Magical Law, but I'm not sure if that's for me. Recently, I've been particularly interested in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures." "Really," Charlie said, lifting both of his eyebrows in surprise at her answer. "Yes, why?" "You never really struck me as the kind of witch who would be interested in magical creatures is all," Charlie replied. "Oh, I definitely am. I'm actually thinking about carrying on S.P.E.W." At this, Charlie's brows furrowed together as he repeated, "S.P.E.W.…you mean like Spew?" "No, not 'Spew', S.P.E.W. It stands for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare," Hermione stated. "Elfish welfare," Charlie repeated again, now folding his own arms over his wide chest, "what does that mean?" "Well, it's clear that elves are grossly mistreated by witches and wizards and this society stands up and fights for their working rights they ought to have, like paid vacations and holidays!" "Hermione, don't you think that the elves like to work," Charlie countered. "Yes, but that doesn't mean that they have to be treated like anything less an intelligible creature," she shot back. "Besides, house elves are too afraid to stand up for themselves, but I'm positive that if they were given fairer treatment, their work would be a lot more pleasurable!" At this, Charlie held his hands up as if in surrender, seeing how determined Hermione was in advocating for the rights of house-elves. "Hey, I think it's a great campaign," Charlie started, "it's just that I'm not sure how many other witches and wizards would see their treatment the same way you do." "That's one of the main problems," Hermione said, nodding her head off to one side in annoyance, "if people refuse to see that there is no trouble, then it doesn't exist, does it? It's just a little fantasy some people have thought up of in their own minds." "But the treatment of elves has been ingrained in the minds of witches and wizards for ages," Charlie commented, "it doesn't mean it's right," he added quickly, seeing that Hermione had opened her mouth to protest, "it's just hard to change a way of thinking when so many people see it as a diminutive political viewpoint." Hermione sighed audibly, seeing the sense in Charlie's words as another cool breeze blew over the pair, a chorus of noises from nocturnal animals pounding within their ears. "If you took a job in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, you'd probably be seeing a lot of me