Title : Owl Me, Maybe? Author : Aima D. Duragon Rating : This chapter is PG-13 for mature themes. Warnings : slash (HP/DM) Disclaimer : JK Rowling owns everything, and damn well has enough money to prove it! A/N : Yay fluff! I know this song is probably really old to everyone by now buuuuuuut..I still think it's adorable so...yeah. This story is dedicated to the wonderful Monox . Enjoy! P.S. My beta, ThexBlairxWitch , totally saved this one shot from epic horribleness...really...y'all have no idea. You took your time with the call I took no time with the fall You gave me nothing at all But still, you're in my way I beg and borrow and steal Have foresight and it's real I didn't know I would feel it But it's in my way Your stare was holdin' Ripped jeans, skin was showin' Hot night, wind was blowin' Where you think you're goin' baby? -Carly Rae Jepson Harry was nervous. It didn't matter that the evening was pleasant and cool, or that he was wearing his lucky 'I bleed red and gold' briefs—he was undoubtedly and incontrovertibly nervous. He hadn't sweat this much since the embarrassing fiasco at Ron's bachelor party. Even considering the extra applications of deodorant he'd slathered on before he'd left home, things still weren't looking good for his green button-down. Harry grimaced, glancing down at himself. He was going to ruin his shirt if he wasn't careful. Drawing his wand, he muttered yet another cleaning charm under his breath and ordered his nerves to contain themselves. So what if this was his first night alone out at a gay bar? So what if Ron and Hermione couldn't come with him because they were celebrating Valentine's Day like a normal couple? Going out alone wasn't such a big deal, right? Right. It was just a bar. Your typical, run-of-the-mill, good-ole, every day Polyjuice bar. Harry swallowed audibly. No big deal. And besides that, it was a bargain that had been too good to pass up. This particular Polyjuice bar—a place called The Rainbow Chameleon (which was, in Harry's opinion, taking the definition of cliché to a new extreme)—had offered to give him a free membership in exchange for weekly samples of his hair. And considering how much a membership at that place cost, it was pretty much like winning the clubbing lottery. The thing was, he had to give them an answer by tomorrow morning. He, Ron, and Hermione had been meaning to make it out to the club for weeks now, but things had kept coming up. So here he was, Valentine's Day night, walking towards The Rainbow Chameleon with a vial of hair samples in hand and a bundle of nerves in his stomach. The bar itself was tucked neatly between two competing furniture stores in downtown London, hidden from muggle sight by a slew of charms that Harry had never bothered learning. He wished he had learned them now, since he'd already gotten lost twice, and was now chancing casting disillusionment spells every couple of steps he took. Finally, after one of his spells bounced messily off a lamppost, the club made its appearance. The two furniture stores gave a loud groan as they split apart, and despite having seen buildings do far stranger things, Harry found himself staring at them in silent awe. The red brick of the club's front filled the tall, narrow space, with nothing but a sign and a black door for decoration. It was a much quainter picture than Harry had imagined for a club with such a shamelessly gaudy title. Only a few moments later, however, his nose was assaulted with the fragrance of roses. Harry glanced up dubiously and saw thousands of rose petals floating not ten feet overhead. Merlin help me , Harry thought, his nose wrinkling, just when I thought I was catching a break . He stepped forward beneath the sign—a polished wooden board with white lettering and a red border—hanging just above the large, black door. Harry's gait faltered as he neared the entrance, and he couldn't help the nervous glance he cast back over his shoulder. But no one at the street paid him any attention. Doubtless, the club had charmed him as well. Reaching out, he slipped his fingers around the cool metal of the doorknob, twisted, and pushed. The door swung open into a narrow hallway with plush red carpeting as a chime sounded from somewhere overhead. On the left side, at the far end of the hall, Harry saw that the upper half of the wall arched over a narrow ledge. Seeing nowhere else to go, he pushed the door shut behind him and began walking down the hall. The smell of roses still hung heavily in the air, and it was beginning to make Harry's nose tingle unpleasantly. He finally reached the inlet, which opened up into a small room, separated from the hall by a narrow desk. On the other side of the desk sat a young man about Harry's age. He had sandy brown hair, hazel eyes ringed with black eyeliner, and lips that were stained a shade of red that really did nothing for his— No ! Harry berated himself silently. He may be at a gay bar, but he certainly wasn't going to start thinking about shades of lipstick. Just… no . The young man clacked the papers he was organizing against the desktop and swiveled in his chair to face Harry. "Oh, I'm sorry, sir. I—" And then he saw Harry's face, and his overly red lips lost all capability of coherent speech. "I—I can't believe—it's—you're—" "Harry Potter, yes, I'm well aware." Harry tried not to sound overly demeaning. At least the other man's nerves seemed to calm his own. He set the vial of his hair clippings on the desk and slid it forward. "I've been exchanging owls with Noey? He said if I brought this," his eyes flicked down to indicate the vial, "that I could get in for free." "I—yes! Yes, of course!" The young man took the vial with trembling hands. "Just—ah—choose someone from the list and I'll ready a potion for you." He gestured up at a board overhead that Harry hadn't noticed before. It was a list of names. A menu , he realized with a growing sense of trepidation. Pulse pounding, Harry began scanning the selections. Agrippa (age 28) Andros the Invincible (age 31) Heathcote Barbary (age 24) Albus Dumbledore (age 23) (Red Member Exclusive) Merton Graves (age 22) Godric Gryffindor (age unknown) (Red Member Exclusive) Gwenog Jones (age 23) Draco Malfoy (age 20) (Green Member Exclusive) Harry Potter (age 20) (Red Member Exclusive) Salazar Slytherin (age unknown) (Green Member Exclusive) Severus Snape (age 25) (Green Member Exclusive) Myron Wagtail (age 27) Bowman Wright (age 22) Harry couldn't help the snort of laughter that escaped him as he read Draco Malfoy's name. Who the hell would ever want to be that ferret-faced git? And how Snape managed to make the list as well was beyond Harry's comprehension. "Have you made a decision, Mr. Potter?" the young man asked, sounding much more sure of himself now. Harry blinked. "I—er—" He stared back up at the list. Well…as long as his name was already on the list (and he didn't even want to think about how they'd managed that )… "Can I just go in as myself this time?" The young man seemed startled by the question. "Well, no one really does that here except—" he pressed his lips together suddenly, his face flushing. "Of course you can, Mr. Potter. Of course. Go right on in." Harry smiled and thanked him as the wall to his right shifted. It opened up into another long hall, lit by charmed candles that had blue flames instead of yellow. The reflection of their flames danced across the overhead crystal chandeliers and made them glitter like shards of ice. Harry's ears thrummed with the dull beat of music, and it drew him forward like a siren's call. He jumped slightly when the wall closed behind him, but just at it clicked shut, another wall opened at the far end of the hall. The blue glow was suddenly fringed with red, and the music grew even louder. Taking deep steadying breaths, Harry made his way towards the red light. Once he drew closer, he could hear voices—people talking, mingling, laughing, and doing whatever else people did at clubs. The hall ended abruptly and opened up into a large room. There were men everywhere, but Harry could tell from the denser clusters that the bar was situated on the left and the dance floor on the right. The club expanded farther back as well, but Harry didn't bother with anything beyond a glance. He could explore later. Right now, he needed a drink. Preferably a strong one. Mind set, Harry began weaving his way towards the bar. Fortunately enough, there weren't too many of his doppelgängers walking around, though strangely most of the ones he did see weren't wearing glasses. How they managed to see was beyond him. A spell? Contacts maybe? Harry tried not to dwell on it too much, or on the fact that one particular doppelgänger had unabashedly eyed him up and down. Even stranger, however, was the number of Draco Malfoys. One passed him just then, and Harry gave him a hard, discerning look. Maybe he could admit that the blond wasn't as hideous as remembered. Harry cocked his head. Okay, so maybe he was bloody gorgeous (when in the world had that happened?), but this guy—whoever he was—had him all wrong. His hair was swept forward instead of back, hiding the prominence of Malfoy's large grey eyes, and his smile was way too shy. Harry wasn't even going to touch the subject of wardrobe. Wrong. All of it. Wrong. Though the trousers he was wearing did cling nicely to—Harry shook himself. He definitely needed that drink. Harry pushed his way through the suffocating crowd until he reached open air at the edge of the bar. He leaned against the granite counter heavily and waved at the bartender. But apparently there were other, more thirsty looking, customers who required his attention. "You're going to have to tip him first." The hairs on the back of Harry's neck stood on end. He turned to see Draco Malfoy smirking at him—or no—someone who looked like Draco Malfoy. "Oh." Harry swallowed against the lump that had suddenly sprouted in his throat. "Why's that?" Not-Malfoy quirked a pale, perfectly sculpted brow. "If you take a good look at his arse, I think you'll find the answer your question." Harry looked and felt his face heat. Arseless chaps. He quickly averted his eyes and dug his hand into his pocket, pulling out a couple galleons. He made sure the bartender was watching when he dropped them into the tip jar. "What's your name?" Not-Malfoy asked. Crap ! Harry turned back towards the other man. He couldn't just say his name was Harry Potter, could he? Was that allowed? Did people do that? Best to just come up with a fake name. "John." Yeah, okay…because that wasn't the lamest fake name ever ! "What's yours?" Why couldn't he have picked something suave? Something cool? Like— "Damien." Damien! Damien would've been a great fake name! Though, it was probably Not-Malfoy's real name since he had no need for a fake name like Harry did. This was already getting way too confusing. "Is it your first time here?" Damien asked conversationally. Harry frowned. "Is it that obvious?" "Maybe. The tipping paradigm is usually the first thing most people learn here so it kind of gave you away." "Oh…" Damien leaned in towards him then, and all of the air seemed to leave Harry's lungs. When had Malfoy's lips gotten that plump? Or had they always been that way? And if so, how had he never noticed? Alright,