A\N: Hey everyone! I know this update is long overdue. I've been trying to write an original novel so I sorta fell off the face of the earth for a bit. But a good number of people have messaged me and left comments (some nice, and others not so much ^_^) about coming back to this fic...and what can I say? Y'all are right. I cannot just abandon my boys! So, without further adieu, here is the revised version of Confessions. I am posting the first half in bulk now (6/5/16) and will post the second half in bulk at a later date (TBD). I did/do have a beta for this story, so any and all mistakes are mine! And last but not least, thank you to everyone who has been patiently waiting for this update. I must say that I've missed y'all! ~Aima Hello, it's me I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet To go over everything They say that time's supposed to heal ya, but I ain't done much healing I'd forgotten how it felt before the world fell at our feet There's such a difference between us, and a million miles Hello from the other side I must have called a thousand times To tell you I'm sorry for everything that I've done But when I call you never seem to be home Hello from the outside At least I can say that I tried To tell you I'm sorry for breaking your heart But it don't matter, it clearly doesn't tear you apart anymore - Adele Leaving that hospital room was the hardest thing Draco had ever done. Bar none. Disconnecting his body from Harry's had been like peeling the flesh from his bones. He remembered the feeling distinctly—warmth rushing out of his body, and a deep cold settling into the very marrow of his bones. Standing up had somehow felt like sinking, and walking like falling. Every inch of him shook, trembling under the weight of the reality that had settled over him. The hall had been empty when he'd entered it, the blindingly white walls gleaming and alarmingly bright. Vaguely, a part of him had wondered if he really had died back at Malfoy Manor, and that maybe this was an apparition—a hell that he had been sent to wander through for all eternity. Because this wasn't how his life was supposed to be. His happiness wasn't supposed to be tethered to the boy who'd shunned him that fateful day that he'd first stepped into Hogwarts—that day that everything was supposed to change. He hated to think what his life would've been like had Potter actually taken his hand that first time. He hated to think that things could've turned out so differently than they were now. Draco fled St. Mungo's as fast as he could, his thoughts a blurring whir and his eyes stinging with tears that he refused to let fall. All things considered, it was far more likely that he was dead. Life wasn't supposed to contain this kind of pain. "Draco," Pansy whined next to him, her voice overly loud in the reverberant Great Hall, "why did you cut your hair? It looks so much better when it's long." As if to make a point, she carded her fingers through his hair, leaning in and breathing a soft breath against his cheek. Draco's hackles stood on end, but he managed to twist his mouth into a flirtatious smirk as he turned towards her. He saw her pupils dilate as their eyes met. "Pansy, darling, I don't need you distracted by my hair when there are much better things you could be pulling on." Draco heard her swallow as she lowered her hand, but the rush of pleasure that had once come with the knowledge that he could cause such a reaction was notably absent. Instead all he felt was a dark absence. "Draco…do you think we could—" Draco flinched as the doors of the Great Hall opened. He felt Harry's presence before he even saw him, just as he always had, like a prickling pull in his chest. Then Harry's eyes were on him, and Draco felt time go still. It was startlingly painful to see those emerald eyes ignite with hatred. Long months had passed since Draco had last seen that look, and something about it rocked him to the very core. He felt sick with it—unbearably stripped apart by the sheer callousness in Harry's face. Draco looked away, unable to hold the torturous connection any longer. Noticing where Draco was looking, Pansy hissed. "Merlin, the prodigal ponces have returned. Goyle, you should definitely punch a few of Weasley's teeth out this year." "That can be arranged," Goyle replied, looking giddy at the prospect of hitting something. Pansy giggled shrilly, her hand moving back up to Draco's shoulder. "No it can not," Draco hissed. "The both of you will leave those three alone this year, understood?" He glared at them each in turn, unsurprised to find them looking back at him matching expressions of bewilderment. "Do I need to repeat myself?" Both of them shook their heads. "Good. Spread that word to the rest of—" Draco's words fell off his tongue as he saw Granger stand and begin walking towards the head table. Heat curdled in his blood as he watched her walk forward, that arrogant, calculated look plastered on her face like a vendetta. She stopped right in front of McGonagall, pulling the headmistress from her conversation with Professor Flitwick. What on earth did she think she was doing? Pansy's hand tightened on his shoulder. "Draco?" He saw the moment when McGonagall's face changed, and like a knee-jerk reaction, Draco felt his body go stiff. He didn't know whether he wanted to jump up and throttle Granger with his hands, or hex her from a distance. Both sounded like perfectly viable options. "Go sit down , Miss Granger!" McGonagall snapped. Within the next second, her piercing gaze met his own. "Mr. Malfoy, see me in my office after breakfast." Great. Draco snarled as he watched Granger retreat back to her seat. Just great. "Mr. Malfoy," McGonagall said, leveling him with of her more intimidating stares, "I'm afraid I do not understand." She was staring at him over the expanse of her desk, her tall-backed chair looming behind her like a tower. Unlike Dumbledore, she kept very little on her desk to distract from the weight of her boring gaze, and Draco couldn't help but feel uneasy under it. "You obliviated Mr. Potter because…because whatever happened this past summer was so grievous that you didn't believe he could handle remembering it." "Professor," he began slowly, "I'm sure that everything that Granger told you more than explains wh—" "It most certainly does not !" McGonagall interrupted tersely. "Mind altering magic, of any form, is remarkably dangerous—for both the subject and the caster! Suppose you had taken more memories than you meant to? Suppose the spell had backfired and—Merlin forbid—you had given Mr. Potter permanent brain damage?" Anger bloomed in Draco's chest like a flame, burning through him and scorching his veins. Draco's nails dug into the upholstery of his chair, scraping against the embroidered canvas. "No offense, Professor, but I'm not much for speaking in hypotheticals. Potter, as you may have noticed, is perfectly fine." He refrained from mentioning that he was sure any brain damage Harry currently suffered from had happened well before his Obliviation spell. "That does not change the fact that it was not your place to invade the privacy of his mind. You're aware that what you did to him was illegal, and if the Ministry ever found out, you're of age to face the full penalty for it?" "I've always taken you for a well read person, Professor. As such, I believe you're aware that invasion of privacy is the least worrying allegation I could receive from the Ministry at this point." The surprise on McGonagall's face was sharp and poignant. She settled back into her chair, folding her hands in front of her. "I am… aware of the accusations the Ministry has lain against you, and—unfounded though I believe them to be—it is most certainly not in your best interest to give them another reason to pursue the case. Mr. Malfoy, I implore you—" Unable to hear another word, Draco stood abruptly, nearly toppling his chair. He stared down at McGonagall, every cord of muscle in his body tight with a barely restrained emotion. What he had done for Harry wasn't wrong. It wasn't . And there was no way he was going to sit here and let someone tell him that it was. She didn't understand. She hadn't been there. She hadn't seen the look on Harry's face when Draco's spell had torn through him, ripping through flesh and bone alike and drawing out screams like water from a well. "There's no need to worry, Professor," Draco said tersely. "I can take care of myself. I just need you to promise me that you won't tell him." McGonagall looked at him, her green eyes splintering. "I cannot promise you that—not if telling him becomes a necessity." "Then I'll make sure it never will." It was just Draco's luck that he and Harry had nearly every class together. Most likely it was McGonagall's design, seeing as—technically—they had planned these weekend sessions together. At least the joke of a Potion's professor hadn't paired them together. Getting Padma as a partner was the biggest relief he'd felt in months, which he later realized was a depressing testament to how rotten his life had gotten. Padma made her way over their table, her smile shy but incontrovertibly warm. Overall, Draco had been surprised by how little hostility the other students had shown the Slytherins on the first day back. He didn't want to admit that the new school robes and lack of house affiliations had anything to do with it, but there was definitely something to the idea that wasn't completely unwelcome. The first lesson took off better than he expected. Padma was surprisingly bright, and they were able to converse easily as they worked through the potion. She laughed at his jokes, nodded approvingly at his suggestions, and over the course of the hour Draco found himself feeling a little lighter than before. "Keep it down over there will you?" Harry hissed, and Draco felt reality jerk around him. Padma's startled eyes met his over the cauldron when she saw him fumble his cicada shell, and her smile fell as something just short of pity flashed across her face. Not saying a word, Padma took the remainder of shells and the knife and finished cutting. It wasn't very long before Draco decided that he needed a distraction. Seeing Harry every weekend was proving much harder than he'd initially anticipated. Harry's presence was like a constant thorn in his side, and no matter how Draco tried he couldn't seem to keep his eyes off of that dark tumble of hair, or the curve of that tanned cheek, or the long line of that exposed neck. It wasn't until the third week of classes, when Draco had caught himself staring yet again, that he realized who Harry was standing next to. Terry Boot. An idea rolled over in Draco's mind. Terry Boot…with his dark tumble of hair, and his tan cheeks, and his long neck. A small smile curled at the edges of Draco's mouth. Terry Boot would do. Draco stepped onto the Hogwarts Quidditch pitch for the first time in over a year, and felt an unfamiliar twist of nausea in his stomach. For some reason he hadn't expected to see Harry among the contenders. It was stupid of him. Of course Harry would try out for a Quidditch team. Why wouldn't he? He was a natural flier and a prodigy seeker—it would have been crazy for him not to be there.