"How long ago did you leave the Lotus, again?" He wasn't exactly sure how this conversation got started, but Nico had been having lots of pointless conversations since he was pretty much forced to hang out in the infirmary for the past few days. Will was so insistent on him needing to rest. Not that he minded, of course. He liked that Will actually cared about his well-being, and it gave them lots of time to just talk casually and get to know each other better. "Hmm..." Nico had to think about it. "This winter it'll be about four years." Will spoke slowly. "And in four years you haven't found the time to read Harry Potter?" Well, he started to mind the conversation about five minutes ago when Will accused him of living an 'incomplete and meaningless life' because he hadn't read the Harry Potter series. He was joking of course, but still, it was absurd. They were just books, after all. But for whatever reason, Will was obsessed. Not just with books, though. Movies, comics, you name it, Will had an odd fascination with it. And he couldn't believe Nico knew nothing about it at all. "My time has been occupied by more important things. Transporting statues. Bargaining with titans. Saving the world and all that. I've been busy," he said, sipping nectar from a straw. "Dude," Will's facial expression was so serious he looked like someone just cursed his whole family, "no one is ever too busy to read Harry Potter. Ever." "I don't know, it just never really appealed to me," Nico shrugged. "Wizards, potions, dark magic, and dragons never appealed to you? Come on, Nico. Dragons ." He seemed to forget they actually had dragons in camp. "...Do you have any idea how dorky you sound right now?" he asked, tossing the blanket off of his legs and attempting to stand up. Will immediately grabbed Nico by both shoulders and forced him to sit down again. "You call it dorky, I call it highly educated in pop culture," Will replied. "I said three days, it's only been 65 hours. Sit." "I'm sure I could find much better ways to occupy my time for the next seven hours," Nico grumbled. Nico was eternally grateful for his sister visiting some weekends because it meant two things: One, that he got to spend more time enjoying her company without impending danger or the threat of an attack every ten seconds; and two, because when someone knocked on the door of Hades cabin, he didn't have to get up to answer it. "I think he's back near the bunk beds. Here, I'll show you the way there." Nico had heard Hazel making casual conversation with whoever was at the door for the past five minutes, but couldn't be bothered to see who it was. That is, until said person dropped an extremely heavy box at the foot of Nico's bed. (Which, thankfully, no longer looked like a sarcophagus. He wasn't kidding when he said he was planning on doing some remodeling.) "Will, what is this?" "The entire Harry Potter series," Will beamed. "And also Quidditch Through the Ages and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. You're welcome." Nico sighed. "Thanks, but no thanks. I'm really not interested." "Aw, come on!" he pleaded. "You're still ordered to three hours of bed rest per day, and reading is an awesome way to pass the time. Just read Sorcerer's Stone. If you hate it I promise I won't push it." Hazel interjected. "I have heard they're pretty good. I've seen a couple of the movies and they're not half bad." "See, even your sister likes them. Everyone likes them!" Nico had to make a conscious effort to look up to stare into his bright blue eyes, and immediately regretted it. It was hard to resist the puppy-dog look the tall blonde was giving him. "Please? For me?" "Fine, for you. But just the first book." Nico didn't fail to notice the smirk tugging at the corner of Hazel's lips. She'd made a habit of coming and going between camps as she pleased, and she and just about everyone else at Camp Half-Blood had their suspicions about what was going on between him and the Apollo boy, despite Will and Nico both insisting that they were just friends. Friends didn't even cut it sometimes. They bickered and argued over everything, and some people might think they really disliked each other if they didn't spend so much time together. The blush creeping up on Nico's cheeks said otherwise, but if you asked him, he'd deny it faster than you could blink. "So I have a question," Nico said to Will, sliding into his normal spot at the Apollo table. The rules about where to sit during diner were basically thrown out when Hazel and Nico started table hopping soon after things got back to normal at camp. Not that the two didn't enjoy each others' company, but with just the two of them at the Hades table alone, things got a bit lonely. Hazel would usually join Piper or Annabeth, and on nights when Jason was back at Camp Jupiter, Nico naturally gravitated in the direction of Cabin 7's table. The younger Apollo kids looked up to him and loved hearing his stories, and it made him feel welcome. He automatically took his place among the blonde-haired archers every night now, and no one questioned it. "Go for it," Will said, placing his dinner roll onto Nico's plate. Sharing food was another little habit they'd picked up that no one really questioned anymore. "How exactly did Harry survive Voldemort's killing curse?" he asked. "I mean, he was only a baby, and this guy had killed tons of people, how did this little kid survive it?" Will froze, his fork halfway to his mouth, and grinned. "You're reading it." "I'm only on the fourth chapter and-" "You're reading it!" he dropped his fork and turned towards Nico. "You're actually reading Harry Potter! Thank the gods! This is a glorious day, I think I might cry." "Please don't," Nico rolled his eyes. "I'm just giving it a chance like you asked. And I just passed the part where the giant guy is talking to Harry about how his parents died and I'm confused." "The giant guy's name is Hagrid, and all will be revealed in due time young grasshopper." "That's not fair, you already know how it ends, why can't you tell me?" "Because, it'll ruin the surprise," he said, as if that were the most obvious thing in the world. "No spoilers. You have to suffer like the rest of us who read the books as they came out. I don't make the rules, sorry." Nico groaned, standing up, taking his plate of uneaten and heading away from the table. "I'm going to eat in my cabin." "You're going back to keep reading, aren't you?" Will called after him. "No!" he called back. Then after a moment, "Maybe. Don't judge me, Solace." Will simply shook his head, still grinning. (Sent 12:31 AM) Snape is an asshole. Will had to be careful not to wake his brothers and sisters, ducking his head below the blankets of his bunk bed before unlocking his phone to reply to Nico's message. Usually demigods had to worry about using cellphones, but the main threats were all taken care of, so no one was too worried about that anymore. (Sent 12:33 AM) He has his reasons. You'll see. (Sent 12:35 AM) There is no reason a grown man should try to justify his merciless bullying of eleven-year-olds. Harry didn't do anything to him. Oh my gods, WTF, he's messing with Neville too. That's not cool. Seriously what's this guy's problem? (Sent 12:41 AM) You'll see. (Sent 12:42 AM) Will. Come on, Will. Will Solace, this is awful, why are you doing this to me? I'm going to be up all night reading this book this is all your fault. You're not going to respond are you? Fine. I see how it is. Goodnight, Will. I hate you sometimes. (Sent 1:12 AM) You're not that bad yourself, di Angelo. Sleep well. "Good morning sunshine," Will muttered as Nico slid into his spot next to him at breakfast, slamming his head on the table. He hadn't seen such dark bags under his eyes since before the battle. "Slytherin got screwed over for the house cup. Muffin. Now." he clipped off each word. Will broke his blueberry muffin in half, placing the bigger piece in front of Nico. "So you've finished Sorcerer's Stone, I see." "Chamber of Secrets is the next one, right?" asked Nico. When Will didn't respond, Nico pulled his head out of his arms and glanced up to see Will staring him down, resting his head on his hands and smiling. Nico could feel a blush creeping up on his cheeks. "What are you staring at?" "You like Harry Potter." "I just want to know what happens next." "You like the books, this is amazing. My plan is working perfectly. So who's your favorite character? And you think Slytherin got screwed over for the cup; do you like Slytherin house more than Gryffindor? I see you as a Slytherin so I see why you'd feel that. I'm more of a Hufflepuff I think. What do you think?" he blabbed out in one breath. He was practically vibrating in his seat from excitement. Nico huffed and buried his head in his arms again. "You're impossible." When Leo Valdez made his grand re-appearance at Camp Half-Blood, flying through the wind like a knight on shining celestial bronze dragon, the celebration couldn't have been more monumental. Nico had to admit that, at first, he didn't have the slightest clue what was going on. And maybe that was because he was busy reading Chamber of Secrets under the conference table at the Big House during one of the counselor meetings. But in true Valdez fashion, Leo made an extravagant entrance, swooping low over the strawberry fields and landing in the center of the arena. He hopped off Festus' back and looked around at the massive crowd who'd run to see what all the commotion was about. "So…" Leo said. "I'm back. What did I miss?" From there, it was chaos. But the good kind. A deafening cheer rang out from the audience. Piper had immediately rushed forward and was planting kisses all over Leo's face. "It's you! You're actually here! You're alive! But how? Oh, I don't even care how, you're here! Oh my gods, I missed you so much! It's actually you, right? Of course it's actually you! You're back!" Jason hugged him, lifting him off his feet and squeezing so roughly that Nico thought there was no way he could breathe. Hazel was sobbing into his shoulder so hard that Frank had to pull her away, assuring her that she'd get all the time in the world to cry happy tears about Leo's return later, before he enveloped Leo into a giant bear hug. Percy just stood off to the side, gaping. "But… how…. what?" "Are you gonna hug me or not, Jackson?" Leo taunted. Even Nico approached Leo, arms open wide. "I had a feeling you'd make it back somehow." Nico told him. "You're absolutely crazy, Valdez, you know that?" "Yeah, I know. Oh, hold on just a second," Leo cleared his throat to quiet down the crowd. "There's one more thing. I have someone I want you all to meet." The girl peeked out from behind the giant golden dragon's head and smiled, giving a little wave to everyone. Calypso . "But… how… what?" Percy repeated, while Annabeth rolled her eyes and rushed over to help the other girl onto the ground. She offered her hand. "It's nice to meet you," she smiled. "Percy has told me a lot about you." "You as well," she gladly accepted Annabeth's hand and hopped