Learning to Fly Bella and Edward leave their wedding reception, most of the guests believing they're going to spend the night in a hotel before heading off on their honeymoon the next day. They actually meet up with Alice and Carlisle who take them to the cottage the Cullens have renovated for them as a wedding gift... Edward was a nervous wreck as Bella looked around the cottage. Although he desperately wanted to make love to Bella as he'd promised, he was so worried about hurting her and had horrible performance anxieties. He grew up in an age of sexual repression. It just wasn't the done thing to talk about sex. It was between married couples what went on in their marriage bed and so Edward began his second life a complete innocent. Over the past almost 90 years, even with his mind reading, Edward held on to the same belief, that sex was a private topic between married couples only and avoided hearing detail as much as possible. Esme often contemplated whether Edward was turned too young, concerned that he seemed to have no interest in finding someone to love and privately, Edward had wondered the same thing until Bella came along. The call of Bella's body had hit him almost as hard as her singer's blood. When he'd seen her in the cafeteria, there had been too many other scents in the room for him to pick up on the scent of her blood. The sight of her though caused such a sudden rush of lust, it had almost knocked him off his feet. Jasper had felt it of course and glanced towards where Bella sat. That's her, Edward? He asked mentally. She's your mate? Edward couldn't break his gaze from Bella but shook his head slightly in denial of Jasper's question. His mate couldn't be a human! Of course, he was quickly proved wrong and thanked God that he was. Bella was temptation incarnate for him, every step of the way though. Once he began to manage the scent of her blood, the draw of her body took over his every thought. He desperately battled it on a daily basis, not wanting to disrespect his love that way. They weren't married, it wasn't right to have these feelings. And oh, how she would push and push his boundaries with the delicious torment of her kisses. -ltf- Alice was very aware of Edward's anxieties. She'd seen many things about Edward and Bella's relationship over the last months that she wished she didn't have to as they fought their lust for each other. Decisions to give in and hold back changed so fast, the visions almost gave her a headache. The vision of their wedding night however had remained mostly solid. Edward's moral excuse to delay their physical relationship was now null and void, and he'd promised Bella to try and consummate their marriage while she was still human and was determined, despite his fears, to keep that promise. The vision of this night unfortunately showed that with both his and her nerves, their first night isn't going to go well at all. In fact, it was most likely going to be an embarrassing, fumbling mess resulting in Edward accidentally bruising Bella and refusing to touch her intimately again until after she was changed. This in turn infuriated Bella and resulted in a very angry newborn stage for Bella where she struggled horribly with her anger, strength and thirst and their second first time would be anything but romantic. This of course would upset Edward and Bella both, and it would take them years to really get on track together, which was ridiculous considering their amazing chemistry and connection. Repressed Edward and Shy Bella would strangle the love they could potentially have with each other for years before they figured it out. Alice had to search for days through ideas and decisions to change this vision but had finally come up with a plan. -ltf- Edward, this isn't going to work , Alice sighed mentally as Bella looked around their little cottage with delight. Edward shot her a look of alarm. No! I mean, you won't hurt her or anything, but you are so wound up, you aren't going to last more than a few seconds. You're going to get so embarrassed it puts Bella on edge and your wedding night is going to turn into an awkward fumble. Edward sank down onto a chair with a groan and buried his hands in his hair, his eyes clenched shut in frustration. "Edward?!" called Bella, alarmed "What's wrong?" Her heart started beating faster with anxiety, knowing there must have been something horribly wrong for her new husband to look as if his world had ended on their wedding night, whilst Alice and Carlisle stood by looking serious. Carlisle crossed to stand in front of Bella, commanding her attention. "Calm down Bella" he said softly, "Edward's fine, but I'm afraid your wedding night is probably not going to go as planned". "What? Why?" cried Bella, she tried to move around Carlisle to get to Edward who hadn't moved a muscle since she'd re-entered the room, but Carlisle stepped in her way again. Confused and distraught that he wouldn't let her passed, she shot an imploring look at her little pixie best friend and then back to Carlisle. Carlisle looked mildly uncomfortable but began to explain "Bella, despite being technically 106 years old, Edward is essentially trapped in a 17 year old's body." Bella nodded and gestured as if to say "And…?" "A 17 year old, virgin body, Bella" Bella flushed. "So what?" she shrugged, trying to appear nonchalant. "I'm a virgin too, what's the problem?" Carlisle sighed and shot an uncomfortable look towards his son. We're going to have to tell her Edward. Alice has a plan. Edward grimaced further if that was at all possible, he wasn't sure he'd ever felt more mortified in his life. Not only was he apparently going to perform below par for his new bride, but his sister had seen it. Seen it, discussed it with his father, possibly his whole family (an image of Emmett and Jasper's laughing faces shot into his mind), and they'd come up with a plan to deal with his inadequacies. And now they were going to share with his beautiful Bella too. Edward groaned in humiliation and tightened his fists in his hair, in danger of ripping some out if he pulled any harder. "Edward?" Bella sounded distressed and tried again to get around Carlisle but was once again foiled. She felt a spark of anger. Damn these Cullens'! How could they keep her from Edward when he was so clearly distraught? "Look Bella" said Carlisle soothingly just as she opened her mouth to protest "The issue is Edward's control. He's never been in this position before and you are his singer. He's never felt sensations like he will with you and he is unlikely to be able to control his strength when distracted like that. Edward has also, as you know, held onto his somewhat repressed Edwardian sensibilities and as such, has avoided the subject of sex as much as possible over the years." "On top of that Bella" piped in Alice "This is one area where vampire speed is not a plus. For you anyway" She looked meaningfully at Bella until she saw the girl's mouth drop open in surprise and her cheeks flush a fiery red. She nodded, satisfied that Bella was beginning to see the issue. Bella closed her eyes as she tried to process what Alice was saying. This was her Edward. Edward was good at everything! Were they seriously suggesting that due to his sexual abstinence over so many years, that it would be over before it was started? But hey don't worry, he'll probably break you in the process anyway? Oh wait, she must have seen it in a vision. Bella's blush stepped up an impossible few shades more at the thought of Alice seeing her and Edward in that position. Ugh! Her anger sparked again. Stupid pixie vampire. What the hell business was it of hers how their wedding night went? "So, what do you suggest, Alice?" she asked through clenched teeth. "That either I or Carlisle take the edge off for him first!" chirped Alice cheerfully. Both Bella and Edward gaped at her for a millisecond before Bella's fury exploded. "Get The Fuck Out" she snarled at them, sounding for all the world as if she'd already been turned. What the fuck? Alice wanted to what, masturbate her new husband before she even got to kiss him properly?! Over her dead body! Bella growled as neither of the intruding vampires made a move to leave. Edward's eyes shot to hers at her growl, lust blazing from their inky depths before he quickly remembered his embarrassment and dropped his head into his hands again. Bella felt her heart twist. Clearly Edward wanted her but didn't know how to deal with this mortifying proposition. "Bella, it would be purely a medical procedure" said Carlisle, trying to soothe Bella's ruffled feathers. "Now Bella, don't be like that!" laughed Alice "It will only take a few seconds after all!" She walked over to Edward, her hand reached out towards him, as if she were going to unzip his trousers. Edward reared back, his eyes wide and panicked as she neared him. In the fastest, most graceful move Bella had ever managed in her life, she slipped around Carlisle and grabbed Alice's wrist before she could make contact with Edward's body. She knew she didn't have a hope in hell of actually holding Alice back, so she had to make herself understood verbally instead. "I swear to God Alice! If you lay one finger on my husband, I will find a way to rip your fucking head off. Now both of you, get the hell OUT!" Alice's smirk of triumph was too brief for Bella's human eyes to see and as she raised her hands defensively and backed off, she thought to Edward. Don't worry Edward, you won't hurt her. Let Bella lead you now. She nodded to Carlisle who shot an apologetic look towards the newlyweds before leaving at vampire speed. Bella watched the door of the cottage close behind them, her jaw still clenched in anger, her breathing heavy as she tried to control her rage. She turned to look at Edward and felt her heart drop into her stomach at his defeated look, his head still dropped into his hands. Oh Edward, she thought. She felt another rush of anger at Alice and Carlisle as she realised just how humiliated he must feel. How could they do that to him? She had visions of revenge once she was changed into a vampire. She'd make them pay for upsetting her Edward! But for now, she needed to talk to Edward. She walked over and laid a hand on his marble hard shoulder. "Edward?" she said softly when she perceived no response from the statue like figure. She touched him on the chin "Please look at me Edward". Edward couldn't resist her soft pleading voice completely and lowered his hands to grip the arms of the chair. His eyes briefly met hers before darting away, looking down in shame. "Oh Edward" Bella sighed. She threaded her hands through his hair as she slid onto his lap, straddling him without intent, just to offer the comfort of her warmth. She buried her face into his neck as her arms wrapped around him. Edward sighed at the feel of her pressed against him and accepted her comfort, winding his own arms gently around her warm back as he let his body relax against hers. They stayed wrapped in each other's arms for a moment before Bella began to speak. She was shy at first, but gained confidence as she realised that if they could survive all