A/N: Hi! So, new story to , (my others are on my galaxy69uk profile), but written several years ago for my friend Kels. This is an AH story BxE Canon, but it will be a rocky road! This Bella and Edward act rather OOC to SM's, so be warned! Other SM characters pop in, but are non-canon in form. Lots of mature situations, so if you're underage, or that's not your thing, please don't read. All recognisable characters belong to SM, the rest are mine! I've basically taken the Bella and Edward pairing and put them in to a completely new world. This story is completely prewritten, so I will update regularly. The prologue is split into two parts, as it's more of a back story. Bear with me, it's necessary to the story! I hope you enjoy the ride! ;) Prologue (Part 1) Oh hell! Thought Bella staring at the huge wrought iron gates in front of her, I'm really working here? All Bella Swan wanted was to enjoy her summer while deciding what to do next with her life. Having just finished her A-levels, all she wanted to do right now was try to relax and have fun while she waited for the results that would decide the rest of her life, but unfortunately for her, her grandfather had other ideas. When she'd been orphaned as a baby, her grandparents had happily taken on the task of raising her in their small two-bedroom flat in south London, and whilst the love from her grandparents was abundant throughout her life, it was also pretty strict. Since her beloved Nan had passed away two years before, her Granddad seemed to be stricter than ever in an attempt to overcompensate for the loss, so whilst she had planned a lazy summer with friends at the local pool, her Granddad had other ideas and arranged this job for her through a friend of a friend working at this imposing Devonshire mansion that now stood before her. Through the gates, a long gravelled driveway led to the Elizabethan mansion that loomed menacingly against the blue spring sky, the multitude of large dark windows seemed to watch her as she made her way up the driveway making her stomach broil uncomfortably with nerves. Reaching the enormous wooden double door entrance to the property, she took a deep breath for courage before ringing the bell, which clanged loudly inside reminding her more of Big Ben, the famous London clock tower, than a simple doorbell. The door swung open silently to reveal a tall gentleman, his short neat blonde hair tinged with distinguished silver reminding her a little of the actor Robert Redford. This English Redford look-a-like however was smartly dressed and looked somewhat haughtily down at her from his vantage point one step above. "Can I help you Miss?" he asked, his accent the clipped tones of upper class English society. "Umm, hi" whispered Bella, nerves causing her throat to dry out "I'm Bella Swan, the new maid?" Instantly the man relaxed his stiff posture and ushered her inside "Well come in then" he said brusquely "Don't you know that the staff should only enter via the staff entrance round the back of the house?" Bella barely heard him as she took in the foyer she'd entered. Grand just did not seem to be the word to justify it, breath taking was more like it. All expensive marble tiled floors, mahogany walls and ceilings so high, she could barely see the detail of the elaborate chandelier hanging way up there. The sweeping staircase, carpeted in luscious rich burgundy, seemed to climb forever. She shut her drooping jaw with a snap. "Oh, I'm sorry" she said breathlessly "I didn't realise there would be another entrance" "It's ok this time, but let's get you through to the staff quarters and settled before Sir and Madam see you. Not the greatest impression on your first day, being in the main part of the house without a uniform" Bella frowned briefly as she hurried after him through a maze of hallways and doors "Sir and Madam?" she asked "Your bosses Miss, Lord and Lady Masen. They don't enjoy seeing their maids lounging around their house in their regular clothing, best you learn that straight away!" Wow, thought Bella, They sound as strict as Granddad! "Okay, I'll remember that" she answered brightly, not wanting to continue on the wrong foot after her entrance faux pas. The man, who she now assumed to be the butler, threw a brief warm smile over his shoulder "Your grandfather said you were a sensible girl" Finally, after dragging her heavy suitcase along too many corridors and staircases to count, somewhere toward the back of the house she thought, they reached a hallway with a number of doors leading off it, the butler stopped and using a strangely shaped key, which she later learned to be the skeleton key to the whole property, opened the door to her room. "Here's your quarters" he announced, ushering her inside "it's small but bright and comfortable enough" Bella looked around what was to be her home for the next three months, seeing the room was an attic room with part of the sloping roof on one side, it was sparsely furnished with a single bed, side table, chair, drawers and wardrobe, but pleasantly decorated in pale blues and white. But what Bella appreciated most was the light – a huge double window was fitted into the sloping roof, making the room bright and airy. Her artist's fingers itched to make use of the light, but she knew there'd be little time for her painting this summer if she was going to be working the whole time. She smiled warmly at the butler "It's lovely" she said, depositing her luggage on the floor by the drawers. He laughed back at her "Well I wouldn't go that far" he joked "but glad you like it. I'll leave you to unpack and settle in. If you come down to the staff room to the rear of the kitchen in say an hour? I'll introduce you to the rest of the staff and we'll sort out your duty roster" He swung the wardrobe door open to reveal three plastic wrapped black and white uniforms "Here's your uniforms, you're expected to keep them perfectly clean, neat and pressed at all times, Sir and Madam are very specific about that". He made to leave the room, before stopping and turning back to her with a grin "Oh, and I'm Carlisle Cullen" he said, finally introducing himself. "You must call me Mr Cullen in front of the family, but in private you can call me Carlisle" Bella smiled and shook his outstretched hand "Nice to meet you Carlisle" "You too Bella. See you in an hour" he said and hurried off back to his duties. Bella flopped onto the bed somewhat stunned at her surroundings. It was a far cry from the rough housing estate she'd grown up on, that was for sure. She needed to get over her nerves and quick if she was going to last the summer here and not disappoint Granddad. Quickly she unpacked her suitcase into the drawers and wardrobe, lovingly placing her sketchpad and watercolours in the bedside table for safe keeping, sighing again at the thought that she'd not be able to use them as much as she would usually. She changed into the traditional black and white maid uniform that would be her main wardrobe for the next three months and examined herself in the floor length mirror fixed to the back of her door. Not bad I guess , she thought with a slight frown, but maybe a little shorter than it's supposed to be with my height? Ah well, not much I can do about it now! She quickly ran a brush through her long dark brown hair then hurried out the door and began retracing the path to the staff room. Before long, she was hopelessly lost, and didn't see a figure in sight to ask directions. Damn it! She thought, checking her watch. This is so not giving the best impression of me! Ah there, isn't that the door? She grasped the doorknob of the possible culprit door she'd been searching for and pushed her way through, only to find herself in some kind of games room, complete with a snooker table, pool and tennis table, indoor bowling and a young couple getting hot and steamy on the sofa! They broke apart at her entrance and sat up to stare at her. Bella was stunned. Not because of the scene she'd just witnessed, but because she didn't think she'd ever seen such a stunning specimen of man. Dark bronze, scruffy hair and slight stubble painted him a rough and ready figure, possibly a member of staff being caught out, but as she gazed at his face, the shockingly green eyes, aristocratic nose, prominent cheekbones and firm jaw alongside an almost arrogant `I belong here' posture, she knew this to be had to be Lord Masen's son. She felt mesmerised as he stood to walk over to her, probably a good four inches taller than her own five foot ten and with shoulders so broad she felt alternately intimidated and thrilled as he came toward her with intent. He stopped just in front of her, his face a mask of bland politeness, until it suddenly cracked into an amused grin of delight. He waved a hand in front of her face, as if to check she could see. "Hello? Anyone there?" he asked cheekily, his voice almost as intoxicating as his appearance. Bella jumped "Ah, I'm sorry. Excuse me" she said, apologising for disturbing his privacy, she made to turn away and leave quickly. "No wait" he said "I've not seen you before, who are you?" "Um, my name's B-Bella. I'm new here" "And you got lost huh?" A smile hovered round her lips at his flirty tone "Yeah I guess I did. Sorry to interrupt you and your er, friend" she said. He laughed "Ah don't worry about that" he said, earning an indignant huff from the girl still sitting on the sofa "I'm Edward" he introduced himself, holding out his hand for Bella to shake. She took it and almost melted at the softness and strength of his palm. Damn, was anything about him not hot? She thought to herself. Edward cocked his head a little, looking at her intently as still his hand clasped hers. She tried to figure what he could be thinking, but couldn't help meeting his gaze full on for what seemed like an eternity until she heard the girl on the sofa get up and come over towards them. "Edward darling" she purred, wrapping her arms around him from behind and stroking his flat belly through the t-shirt he wore "send the girl away back to her… duties" she said haughtily looking down her nose at Bella "so we can get back to having our fun" A look of annoyance crossed Edward's face as he disentangled himself from the girls grasp. "Look Tanya, this girl is new. It wouldn't be nice of me to just leave her to roam the house lost for who knows how long. I'll see her to where she's going and I'll be back in a bit ok?" he asked, effectively dismissing her. Tanya shot Bella a quick look of pure venom "I'm sure the help can help herself and find her own damn way back to the kitchens Edward" she spat angrily. Bella's temper boiled and she drew herself up to her full height, towering over the spoiled princess in front of her. How dare she talk about her that way? Meanwhile, Edward just raised an eyebrow and smoothly returned "And I'm sure you can find your own way out of my pocket and back into Daddy's can't you Darling! I think