Lawyer Outtake "I knew I should have had an abortion!" David K. Lauer would have said that after twenty years of being a lawyer that nothing much would have surprised him. He looked at the woman in the small jail cell and shook his head, knowing she had managed it. When his firm took on the case as one of their quota of pro-bono clients one of the junior partners had been assigned to it. After a few days of interviews the partner had asked to be removed as he felt he could no longer represent the client fairly. The firm had a policy of not making lawyers justify themselves in such cases and so one of the other lawyers had to take the case on. David, just having finished a particularly gruesome case of kidnapping, took it on as a kind of rest, after all it was a rather simple case, the woman had helped herself to her daughter's college fund because she had evidently believed that her ex-husband had only called it a college fund for tax purposes. There was no tax break for 529 plans in the state of Washington, but that didn't mean that the woman was wrong in believing that her ex was just trying to be generous, after all she had been working in the Arizona education system for over a decade and they did have such a plan. It wasn't long before the story Renée Dwyer told started to give him an uncomfortable feeling. There was just something not right about the way she spoke about her daughter. As a family man with 3 girls that he loved very much, shudders ran down his spine sometimes at the way Renée spoke of Bella. She was also adamant that Charlie Swan, Bella's father and her ex, still loved her enough that if they could contact him then 'something' would be done to save her from a trial and prison. It was only when he finally got hold of the man that he realised that Charlie was not only NOT in love with Renée, but he was the one who had insisted that the bank investigate the missing money and press charges for theft. In her rather less-than-full full-disclosure, Renée had failed to mention that Charles Swan was Chief of Police, that Bella was living with him to get ready for college and that Renée had actually lied to the bank to get her hands on the fund. It wasn't the first time a client of his had lied to him it was just the way the woman was totally delusional about everything that ended up leaving him shaking his head in disbelief. When Lauer heard about Bella's accident and calls to the hospital seemed to not be good news, he pushed his contact in the DA's office to allow him to escort the woman to see her daughter for what could be the last time. Surely, he thought, no matter how she acted in public, deep down she must care about the girl, and if she was in as bad a condition as the hospital said, then she would never forgive herself if she didn't see her child before she died. As they had walked into the hospital and onto the floor with the ICU unit, they heard a nurse at the station telling another to page Dr. Cullen because Bella Swan was awake. He felt relieved, though he didn't have a very good profile of the teenager they were visiting he had actually dreaded getting her mother to her bedside in time to watch her die, or even worse, to get there too late altogether. They moved down the corridor, in front of them a tall, blond man in a doctor's coat hurried into a room. Bella Swan's, Lauer guessed. He watched astonished as the Renée burst into the room and threw herself onto the slight figure on the bed. A man that he guessed was in his early forties pulled her off bodily and dumped her on the floor. "My baby!" Renée cried, it would have sounded more believable if her voice wasn't filled with anger, Lauer thought. "Renée?" the girl on the bed looked horrified that she was there. At least they were definitely in the correct room. "Mr. Swan?" Lauer held out his hand to the man who had manhandled his client, guessing by his age alone that he was the ex-husband. "Chief Swan." The man made no move to take his proffered hand. "David K. Lauer, your wife's attorney." "Ex-wife." How Renée had believed that this man would help her was a mystery. Lauer had a bad feeling… maybe he should not have tried so hard to get the woman all the way across the country? No, there had been a chance that her daughter was dying, he had done the right thing. A girl needed her mother in situations like this. Still, he was uneasy, the dynamic in the room was menacing. There were 5 men, and three women, beside himself, his client and the patient. The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end every time he looked at anyone but the girl on the bed and her father, even the doctor gave him the creeps. Maybe it was that they were all so pale, and had dark golden eyes? Not brown… gold. It was rather eerie "Should some of us leave?" the oldest of the women asked, as a matter of routine he looked at her when she spoke, she was beautiful. He looked around, they all were. There was something unnatural about the perfection of their features. There was something comforting about the Swan's… normal, safe, not perfect. He agreed that there needed to be less people in the room. Maybe the uneasy feeling would go away if some of them left? Especially the hugely built menacing dark haired man, who he guessed was about twenty or so. Who were these people? "It may be best," he said. "Mrs. Dwyer needs to be with her daughter at this time. I suggest only Mr. Swan and the Doctor remain." Goosebumps chased up and down his spine. He had never wanted to leave a room so much in all his life. "You can all stay." Charles Swan almost demanded it. Lauer grit his teeth as no one moved. He was about to object when he saw the girl grab hold of one of the men… maybe boy was a better description, he looked to be in his late teens. A boyfriend perhaps? She clung onto him desperately. With her other hand she held onto the doctor with the same grim determination. The boy holding her hand stared at him. In a way the boy was even more disturbing than the dark haired one. The girl on the bed was pale, not pale like the other people in the room, and not a natural paleness, he reminded himself that she had just woken up after days unconscious. Her head was wrapped in a turban like bandage, wires and tubes disappeared under the bed clothes and the gown she was wearing. The woman who had suggested that they leave moved to Bella's bedside, she stroked her hair lovingly and whispered something to the girl. Whoever it was she was acting more like the girl's mother than his client was, she was still sat on the floor, evidently hoping for sympathy from someone he guessed as she kept looking around pathetically. Things were out of his control. He didn't like the feeling and tried once again to empty the room. "It may be better if they all left, there are things that we may need to discuss that isn't for outsiders to hear." He directed the speech to Mr… Chief Swan. Everyone ignored him as if he hadn't spoken. "Things like her theft of over $18,000?" Charlie asked in a cold voice. Renée at last got to her feet, Lauer stepped in before she said something she would regret. "Alleged theft." "I deserved that money!" Renée spat. "I gave up my life to look after her, you owed me!" Her hands were clawed at her side. He tried to insert himself between the ex-spouses but Renée moved around him, things were getting more and more out of control. "You deserved nothing! If I had known how you were treating her I would have cut you off and taken her years ago." He saw Charlie press his hands into his ribs and seemed to have trouble breathing. There were things happening that he did not understand. He didn't like the feeling at all. The blond young man stepped forward slightly, the air of menace around him almost made Lauer ill, but then suddenly, for no apparent reason, he felt calm. He shook his head, it was as if it was filled with cotton wool all of a sudden. He couldn't think! "You didn't care enough to find out!" Renée sneered, "All you were bothered about was your career and fishing with those half-breeds and redskins you love so much." Marvellous, he could add racist to the attributes of his client. He wished to God he hadn't taken this case! "Please," a soft voice drifted across the room, it came from the young girl on the bed. She was on the edge of tears. Lauer had had enough. He just wanted to get away from the hospital and the strange atmosphere there, and by the look the girl needed rest rather than all this drama. "Just leave." She was almost begging. He put a hand on his client's shoulder to attract her attention. They would be better leaving for now and coming back later, when the other visitors went home. His client, however, had other ideas. "I'm not leaving until this is all sorted out. You should have told him that you took the money, I should have known you would say something stupid and cause me trouble." The sheer hatred in her voice as she spoke to her daughter sickened him. The girl had been at deaths door only days ago and he had brought this woman all this way to have her abuse the girl? He was actually pleased when the young people in the room made a barrier, blocking Renée from even seeing her daughter. "I suggest you leave." The huge dark haired man said, the Doctor joined in the barricade, his voice and demeanour threatening. "As Miss Swan's doctor I insist that you take this outside. I won't have you upsetting her, only minutes after she wakes!" Lauer was totally disgusted, his client locked eyes on the handsome doctor and she actually tried to seduce him. In her daughter's sick room! "Anything you say Doctor." She almost purred, it was supposed to be seductive, but it came out cheap. She ran a finger down the doctor's white coat. The dark haired woman who had been comforting the girl grabbed her hand and bent it back and then almost threw it off as she spat at the other woman. "Keep your syphilitic hands off my husband or I will break them for you." As much as he wanted to cheer, he was Renée Dwyer's lawyer, he stepped forward again but the doctor ordered them out of the room. The human barrier stepped forward one pace, in perfect synchronicity. The uneasy feeling of menace doubled. He grabbed at Renée this time and dragged her from the room. He couldn't escape fast enough! The blond and dark young men followed, and so did the blonde and brunette women. Charlie Swan was the last to follow them and he closed the door behind him, but not before Lauer saw the bronze haired boy lean over and kiss the girl in the bed. They got to the door to the visitors room and Renée refused to go any further. She moved into the room and sat stiffly on one of the