Disclaimer: I don't own shit :-( I promise you, I haven't given up on 'Why Don't We Start Over', I just have kinda lost what I'm trying to do with that one. Just taking time to figure out how I'm going to continue that one. Time: Mid-Eclipse, in Edward's POV Any and all mistakes are mine. Hi… this is Bella… Um, leave a message after the beep… I stood still, not moving and inch and stared at the picture of her and I on the screen. I was missing her, despite the fact that she had been gone for merely three hours. But that was three eons for me. Especially when she was with him. "It's fine, Edward, she just wants sometime to hang out with him. He's her best friend," Alice said, from her seat on my bed across from my stiff stance by my desk. Her best friend that loved her… I couldn't help the pang of jealousy that hit me like a ton of bricks. The sight of her with someone else; happy and living a normal life was crushing, as selfish as it was. I had no room to complain, however. The months I left her were all on me. And now this was all on me. The fact that she was in danger was all on me. And at the end of the day, it would always be on me. "Besides, I've been bombarding her with make overs. Even I can say that a girl needs a break," she chuckled. But it sounded like she was trying to convince herself more than me. She had been going to see him more often now that they were on good terms. And if I was being honest, watching her drive off with him on his little bicycle was gut wrenching. But yet again, it was on me. I had lied to her, to keep her safe when I should have just told her the truth. I did that often… I was working on it. I hadn't noticed Alice had moved from her spot on my bed and in front of me, "Edward, relax. He's her best friend and she'll be back. Go do something to get your mind off of that subject." She smiled and patted my shoulder smiling. But still, I didn't know how I could shake the feeling. How selfish of me? "Did you have fun, beautiful?" I asked her, plastering a smile on my face. "Yes," she chuckled, "we walked around the reservation. It was relaxing," she said smiling. And cue the knife in my non-existent heart, with my reassuring smile on my face. "I'm glad you had fun. Do you want to go somewhere tonight? Maybe we could go to the movies and eat after that?" "Well… I've never tried a mountain lion, but I'm open to the idea," she teased quietly. "Hardy har har, Bella. Come on, let me take you out," I said, brushing a strand of hair behind her ear. "Actually, I'm kind of tired. Me and Jake were running around everywhere and I just want to lay down in my bed," she said softly. Surely she was trying to lighten the blow. She knew how hard it was for me to listen to her adventures with him. She could go and take walks with him; she could 'run around with him' and joke and laugh with him. She could spend the whole day with him and get tired. He could see her smile. Better yet, he could make her smile. He could spend his day drowning in luck just to be in her presence. And I couldn't even get a movie in. But that was just me being selfish… she could do whatever she wanted. And it made me anxious. I wanted to tell her right then, that I hadn't gotten to do anything with her. She had been going over there daily, leaving me, leaving us, with no time but the night, when she was asleep. I would tell her. I would tell her, Bella, you've been going over there every day, not that that's a problem, but… I just want a little time with you. Because I love you so much, beautiful. And I just want a movie and a light, funny conversation with you. Is that ok? "Ok, that's fine… maybe another day," I said, instead. Maybe the pain was written on my face because she caressed my cheek and quickly reassured me. "I'm sorry, Edward. We can do it tomorrow, I promise. I love you." But Bella, you said that the last time… "It's fine, Bella. You're tired, you should get some sleep," I said, with my fake smile I had been wearing a lot lately. We fidgeted around, finding a comfortable spot for her. And it didn't matter if I was the slightest bit comfortable, my goal in the eternal life, was to make her comfortable. To make her happy. But what about my happiness? My happiness? That was laughable. And if I made her happy, I would be happy. I was sure of it. I didn't need to be so selfish. "Whoever it was left a stink," the dog said indifferently, "we can take it over from here." "We don't need you taking anything over… or anyone," I retorted. "I don't give a shit what you need – " "Stop! I'm tired of all this arguing, it's pointless! From now on I'm Switzerland," Bella said fiercely. Of course. He had been trying to get a rise out of me, why had I not seen that? Why had I not realized that? How foolish of me. Here Bella is, under the stress of being a target and I'm making her life harder by arguing with this kid. "I'm sorry, Bella," I said to her, when Jacob was out of earshot. "It's fine. It's just… let's just focus on what's important now," she said smiling at me, and leaned in for a peck. "Do you still want to go see a movie? You know, that move that you wanted to see is out… we could go eat after?" I said, smiling. " Of course, Edward! I would love to, let me just change my shirt and we can go right now!" That's what the selfish part of me was expecting. And to an extent… that's what I was expecting it too. She had promised me, after all. But instead, her smile vanished and she stuttered, looking for words. "Come on, Bells. We don't got all day, and they're about to start!" I turned to look at Jacob, who was still here for whatever reason. Obviously to collet Bella… who had broken her promise. She looked back to me and quickly searched for words, seeing the pain on my face. "It's just, I'm not gonna be… here much longer you know? And – and Jacob's dad invited me to a party down at the res and Charlie's coming too, and…" For some reason, having her explain it to me just twisted the knife. She was going to be with someone who loved her, who her dad adored. And I would never get that… Bella you promised and I just want one day with you… I miss you. Don't I get time with you? But I couldn't say that… how selfish of me. "Oh… oh it's fine," I chuckled, trying to reassure her. She saw right through me though. "Go. Have fun," I said, kissing her on the lips. "I…" she stuttered, trying to make it up to me with her words. "Edward, I'm so –" " Bells! " ' Sorry' … it seemed like she had been saying that a lot lately. "Bye," I whispered, lightly pushing her to go. Because if I was being truthful, I didn't want to be around her right now. She walked away slowly, after staring at me for a second. I watched her. I watched every stride in her walk and waited until she was out of my sight. And when the red, old car was racing down the street, I stared right back at her as she watched me back. But I swallowed my pride, and turned to walk to my car that should have had two people in it right now. I walked and put my happiness aside for hers. It made me a little less of the selfish monster I was. "So what, you want him to carry her around the forest?" I asked in disbelief. I don't know what Jasper was trying to do to me, but it was quickly getting angry. My own brother putting the girl I love in the arms of a different man. My own brother. "Edward, if this works then they won't have a clue as to where she is. She'll be perfectly safe, and we might end it faster," Jasper said, sending waves of calm towards me. How unfair. "Huh… leeches against leeches, you don't see that every day," Jacob, who was half naked might I add, joked. But Jasper wasn't one to take things like that. Jasper quickly stepped in his line of walk and grabbed him by the shoulder growling about how if he ever talked about his Alice like that again then it wouldn't end well for him and stuff like that. And I felt the warmth slip from my hand as Bella sped over to put her hand on Jacob's shoulder and looked at Jasper. "Jasper..." After torturous seconds of silence from them and shock and hurt from me we moved on. She had just ran to his rescue after he called my family leeches… again. My mind wandered to the other night, when we had an argument over me calling him a dog. Suddenly, I didn't want to hold her hand much less walk by her. So when she tried to grab my hand, I over swung it out of her reach subtly. But when I saw her out of the corner of my eye, looking at me with confusion and then realization, I became aware of how… selfish I was being. And I grabbed her hand. Even though it all felt wrong. Her Happiness. Her Happiness. Her happiness. It was the only mantra I had to get me through the pain. Her warm hand held mine tightly, as I led her up the stairs. I could feel adrenaline everywhere, and if I could, my shirt would have been soaked with sweat. The weighted of the ring felt like anything beyond my strength. She chuckled in disbelief when she saw the bed, "Wow… Edward, you didn't have to get that. The couch would have sufficed." "Well… I just thought maybe you'd be more comfortable on a bed. Plus there's more room from us both to fit," I smiled sheepishly. "Well in that case, thank you," she laughed and kissed me, holding it for a while. When she turned around and placed her backpack on the ground, I awkwardly stood there, wondering how in the world I could do this. How did I know she'd say yes when all she's been saying is no to everything I propose? I had been thinking too much about this. Letting my selfish side get in the way of making her happy. but I couldn't deny that everything that part of me felt was so right. She and I weren't the same as we had been the first two months of my return. She had been with him nearly every day, and if she wasn't she was too tired or too sore from the day with him before. It was all wrong. And a part of me didn't even know why I was about to do this. I cleared my throat and sat by her on the golden bed and looked her in the eyes. Here goes nothing… "Bella?" "Yes?" she answered back, with curiosity in her eyes. "I want to talk to you…" I didn't know if I wanted