Disclaimer: I don't own twilight and that makes me sad. I decided to take down Forgive and Forget for many reasons. I had already been thinking about taking it down a long time ago due to the plot. I felt things were progressing way too fast. So I took it down, started writing this story and decided to try again on Forgive and Forget later. Thank you for all your support on that story and I promise the next time I try that one, it'll be better. I have been really thinking about this story for a while and was getting excited. So I'm happy to start this one. I hope you enjoy! Chapter 1 Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! I throw my hand on the snooze button, making the piece of shit shut up. Fuck that thing is annoying. Not even a minute later, my phone rings making me groan in frustration. I just can't get a break. Rolling on my back, I grab my phone and look at the caller I.D. Alice Cullen Without another second, I slide my thumb on the phone and bring it to my ear. "What," I say, my voice heavy with sleep. "Well that's no way to greet your favorite sibling," she says with her voice that is a bit too loud for my state. Sighing I sit up in my bed and touch the side of my lamp, making it illuminate the room. "You're my only sibling, Dear Sister." "Exactly, which makes me your favorite by default. Anyway, it's 6:00 in the morning and from the way you're speaking I can tell you hit the snooze button which doesn't sit well with me. You said you'd be ready by 6:15 at the latest and you'd meet me at IHOP at 6:30, Edward," she whines. "Alice, its Saturday. I've been working all week and I'm tired," I complain. "Well you should have reconsidered becoming CEO of Cullen Corporation if you wanted to sleep all day Dear Brother," she taunts and God, I can hear the smug smile on her face. "Now please Edward, get up and get ready. I'm already at the restaurant so don't make me wait any longer." "Jesus Alice, you're already there?" "Love you too Brother." She hangs up right after that and leaves me with the silence in my house. I plop back down and rub my eyes. Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! I jump two feet in the air, startled by the sudden noise. "Fuck!" I grunt and grab the monstrosity, throwing on the ground once it's unplugged. After I get my heart under control, I walk to the bathroom and relieve my bladder of the pressure. I grab my toothbrush after I brush my teeth and squish the tube, making the minty toothpaste on the bristles. After brushing my teeth and refreshing the taste in my mouth with mouthwash, I strip and step in the steaming water. The hot liquid makes my muscles relax and I find myself closing my eyes and leaning against the dark tiled wall. The week has been busier than usual which makes me exhausted. I love my job, but being the CEO of a big business can really drain you. And to add to that, being lonely with nobody but a couple of close friends and a very loving family kind of sucks too. I love my family. I love them to bits, but living in a big ass house like mine with no girlfriend or no friends that are even girls gets to you. Theirs is nothing I want more than to find a girl and make her mine, but high school fucked me up big time. Being bullied for being too smart or too skinny or too antisocial leaves you with scars and trust issues. The only girl I have ever wanted in my entire life was part of the group that had made my life a living hell. Bella Swan was beautiful, smart and everything a guy could ever want. And although she never really did anything too me, she had laughed along with her friends when they had humiliated me and my sister. She was gorgeous, but she just didn't care about me our Alice's feelings. I grab one of the towels that hang from the rack and wrap it around my waist. I grab another small one, rubbing my hair with it and throwing it in the hamper. I walk in my closet, hunting for the clothes that i'll wear. I decide to go casual today since I wear a suit every day of the week. Grabbing a pair of my boxer briefs, khaki cargo shorts and a black shirt I head to my bed and throw the clothes on. I take the towel off my waist and dry myself and quickly dress myself. I stop for a moment after I'm fully dressed and look at one of the many tattoos on my body. This particular one is absolutely my favorite and most important. I rub the name and close my eyes, remembering the man that saved my mother's life. Carlisle His sudden cardiac arrest was exactly that… sudden. He had died two years after I graduated high school. Nobody was expecting it and nobody was prepared for it. He had saved us all from my real father. He had taken care of Alice and my mother Esme after the accident. I loved him; he was my real father. He took care of me and he didn't care if I failed at anything. He was my inspiration and light and I owed him my life. Alice didn't care that he gave me the title of CEO. She didn't mind at all and I was thankful for that. I had already been getting tattoos before my father's death. I had a sleeve on my right arm filled with various tattoos. I had a neck tattoo that wasn't too flashy that poked out of the suits I wore at work and many tattoos on my chest and back. My left arm did have ink, but not as much. After high school, I was depressed from the bullying. I took it all; the beatings, the name-calling, the lunch room humiliations. I took it all for Alice. They had been bugging her, and when I came to her defense, it ended up in me having a black eye and split lip. At least they left her alone after that. And you'd never guess who kicked my ass. Emmett Swan. Bella's brother. The entire time I was being beaten, all I could hear was her muffled laughter and her weak attempts to stop him. The entire school, of course including Rosalie and Jasper watched and cheered him on. Yeah, saying, "Stop Em! You're going to hurt him," and then laughing your ass off doesn't do anything. But of course I was blind and still couldn't Bella's flaws. Not on her body of course – she had none – but in her personality. Senior prom. I made the mistake of even showing up and then asked her to dance. Rosalie Hale, Emmett Swan and her other friends all laughed in my face while her face was crimson red. She turned me down of course and when I turned my back I could finally hear her let out her laughter that she was holding in. After that night I was disgusted with her. How could people like that be so heartless? I had no respect for her and I didn't give her one glance. Not even at graduation when she walked on the stage and took her high school diploma. I walk to my collection of car keys and pick my 2014 Cadillac CTS not wanting to be too flashy. I walk to the garage and press button, making the right larger door open exposing me to the outside. I jump in my car, starting it up and drive out making sure to press the button that closes the garage door again. Its 6:41 when I arrive and I know I'm in trouble. Alice may be small, but I don't doubt she can rip me a new one. I park my car and get out, tentatively walking to the double doors. The hostess greets me with a smile and wandering eyes, which make me uncomfortable. "I have somebody waiting for me," I inform her with a forced smile. Thankfully she takes it genuinely and leads me to my sister how is visibly pissed. "Thank you," I say quietly. Once she leaves, Alice's fake smile is right off and she glares at me. "Its 6:41, Edward," she spits with a fire in her eyes. "I'm sorry," I mumble. Thankfully she rolls her eyes and huffs, but smiles. "You're lucky I've missed you." "Don't I know it," I mumble teasingly. "Oh hush you. Mom wants you to come visit her. Seth and Paul have been asking about you." I smile at the name of my adopted brother's names. Seth and Paul were adopted at the age of 4 and are twins. Now they're six and two little trouble makers. "How are they?" "Well why don't you come and see for yourself? Really Edward, you have a two week vacation for Christmas. Why don't you come early and visit?" "I know Alice. I will. But not this weekend, I'll head over there Monday," I say while I sip on the orange juice Alice ordered for me. Her face lights up in a huge smile and she bounces in her seat. "Yay! Oh my God I'm so excited!" I laugh at her and turn my attention to the waitress that appears. We order quickly and are alone once again. "Hey did you get the school email?" she asks. Her face is down and she has a hesitant tone. Um… I'm 28 and most definitely not in school. I hesitate for a second and lift my chin a little before answering, "No… What email?" "Well you know. The high school reunion. Ten year anniversary," she says with a small smile. "Yeah…" I say, bobbing my head in fake interest. Forks High School and everybody that went there can kiss my ass. "Oh come on Edward… I think it'd be fun," she says, tilting her head. Holy shit, she actually thinks I want to go. No way in hell I'll be going to that hell hole again. I never want to lay my eyes on those kids. And I'd think Alice wouldn't want to either… obviously I'm wrong. "Alice are you serious? After everything they put us through? What they put me through? I don't think so. Sorry," I shrug shaking my head. "Edward, just listen. Look at you. You're CEO of Cullen International Enterprise, making you bloody rich. You work out every single morning before work making you all buff and stuff and your body is filled with art. Think about what the other kids would say. Think about the girls that would fall to their knees because of you. Bella Swan," she ends quietly. My head snaps at her and I scowl. "Don't you dare say her name," I say tightly. "Look Alice, what they put me through is just too much to bear. And I really don't think showing off my money is a good idea." "Edward, it's not about showing off your money. Think of it as revenge. Edward Cullen, the once skin and bones nerd is now the toned rich successful handsome man. The email said that the men had to wear something fancy like a suit, and women had to wear dresses or something close to that. Apparently it's another 'Senior Prom'." "No," I say firmly. "Edward, just think about it. Anyway, mom will probably force us both to go," she mumbles. I sigh and shake my head. After about a minute I give in to my curiosity, "When is it?" Her head snaps up and she tries to hold back her excited smile. "It's Tuesday,"