Chapter 1 "setting fire to our insides for fun, collecting names of the lovers that went wrong." 14-15: Freshman year Peeta Mellark first sees Katniss Everdeen the first day of ninth grade from across the courtyard. He notices her immediately, his eyes scanning the crowd for Finnick who was waiting for him by entrance but landing on her instead. Her skin was pale, olive almost but her hair was dark, eyes grey like the kids from the Seam. But he had never seen her before. There was no doubt he would've remembered the beautiful girl who sat quietly by herself, her nose in a book that probably weighed more than she did. She must be new. He had lived in Panem all his life and it wasn't a big town. He would have noticed her. He sure as hell noticed her now. Finnick tugging on his arm breaks his attention away from the mysterious girl. "Come on man, we have to get to class," he groans. Finnick Odiar has been his best friend since Miss Trinkets kindergarden class nine years ago. Finnick had matured much before Peeta and his other friends, already gaining a large amount of attention from the female student body of Panem High. His swimming abilities had also put him in with most of the upperclassman. Already, he was someone you wanted to associate yourself with. Peeta was glad he had been all these years. It was making the transition from his older brothers shadows into his own light much easier. "What's got your dick all hard," he jokes. But Peeta takes a quick glance down to make sure. The last thing he needed was to walk through those doors with a hard-on for all of Panem to see. His brothers would surely never let him live that down. "Do you know who that is?" Peeta asks, nodding his head over to the girl who has begun to pack her things into the worn leather book bag she was carrying over her shoulder. Finnick shakes his head, his eyebrows knitting in confusion. "Looks like a Seam kid," he mumbles below his breath. Peeta checks anxiously over his shoulder, making sure no one heard the remark. It was true. Most Seam kids had the grey eyes and dark hair she had but the comment could easily unsettle someone if they were overheard, make for a tense first day which Peeta wasn't looking forward to. "She's probably new." ... As luck would have it, when Peeta walks in to his fifth hour class, she's sitting alone in a seat by the window, absentmindedly playing with a strand of her hair which has come lose from her braid. Peeta wishes he had taken the piece of gum Marvel offered him at the end of lunch. Before anyone else has the chance, Peeta takes a seat beside her, ignoring the calls from Thresh in the back of the room that he's saved him a seat. Peeta discovers she's even more beautiful up close, her face dotted with freckles but other than that, completely clear. She doesn't paint her face with makeup like Glimmer and Clove do. She doesn't need too. She stiffens when he sits down, obviously hoping she would be able to keep the table to herself. There were plenty of open seats around the english classroom, ones that might suit him better like the table in the back with his friends. But he has no desire to move away from the girl with the braid. "Hi," he says after awhile, the bell cutting him short and he's not sure if she heard him. "Hey," he tries again. She just smiles, not genuinely but just enough to be polite. Her eyes darting back out the open window where two birds are making a nest in the tree that grows just outside the classroom. Miss Scranton begins to speak then, passing out syllabuses and pieces of paper that ask generic, first day of school questions that no one answers seriously. He pulls a pen out of his bag, scribbling his name along the top line, answering the questions with answers that he believes will suffice the teacher, occasionally darting over to her paper which remains blank, not even a name on the space provided. "Do you need to borrow a pencil?" Peeta whispers into her ear, relinquishing the one writing device he has in his possession. But he doesn't mind giving it to her. She accepts it hesitantly, as if the pencil were more than just that. His fingers graze hers as she does so, a fire igniting throughout Peetas body, heading straight for his groin. He groans inwardly, wondering how he is ever supposed to have sex if he's unable to even touch a girls hand without going hard. He should ask his brothers, start training his body so that when the day comes, he won't embarrass himself or the family name. Thinking about Miss Scranton's plump body momentarily distracts him from his arousal, killing the previous state he was in and making it easier to focus on the words she says as she explains the concept of Pre-AP English I. His eyes dart over to the girls paper, not a single thing written on the sheet of paper. Nothing but the fact that she has one sister under her "siblings" category on her paper. Her name is Primrose. Miss Scranton moves to the back of the classroom, whispering something to Thresh about not accepting inappropriate answers on the questionnaire, scolding him for drawing penises under the section which says "my favorite things". Peeta can't help but laugh and when he looks to his right, the girl is as well, a real smile. "Thresh is a jackass," Peeta jokes, dodging the waded piece of paper that comes flying his way from the general direction. She laughs, unrolling the ball of paper, reading aloud the message Thresh had written on the inside. "He says 'not my fault she's never seen one before'." She laughs, a real laugh, her face going red. Miss Scrantons' eyes flash towards them, Peeta shoving the note into the pocket of his jeans before she has a chance to spot it from across the room. After a while, she goes about her business. When Peeta chances a look back at Thresh, he fakes a jerking off motion in his general direction, not stopping until Cato, who Peeta hadn't even noticed, joins in, resulting in their automatic detention. Peeta shakes his head. The first day of school is going well for them. "You have interesting friends," she says, nodding towards the two boys who now have to sit in the front of the classroom. Peeta nods his head excitedly, pleased she is actually speaking to him and not giving her attention towards the birds still hard at work outside the window. "I'm Peeta Mellark, by the way," he greets, moving his hand from his pocket to shake hers. Her fingers are cold and nimble, a ring on her middle finger shining in the sunlight that falls from the window. He wonders who it's from. A boyfriend, maybe? "Pita? Like the bread?" Everyone always asks this, mostly because they know he is the bakers son and they find it strange. But his brothers name is Rye. The others is Wheaton. Peeta feels like he got the good end of the stick on that one. "Yes. Believe it or not, my parents own the bakery in town," he informs her, watching the slow smile that spreads across her face. He's convinced it's the most beautiful thing on earth. "But you spell it P-E-E-T-A. They did try and add some variety." "Well my mothers name is Lilly and my younger sisters name is Primrose," she tells him. "We're a family of flowers." But yet she still doesn't tell him her own name. "And what is your name?" Peeta asks. "Let me guess. Rose?" She shakes her head from side to side, her cheeks blushing over. "Katniss. Traditional spelling." "Like the water plant?" Peeta asks, remembering his father mentioning it once when they went to the lake on the other side of town. "Yes. My father used to tell me, 'as long as you can find yourself you'll never go hungry'." Peeta wonders if there was a reason Katniss would ever go hungry. She was skinny but not the point where Peeta would think anything of it. Her pants fit a little loose, her shirt too but then again, that could just be the way she likes her clothes. The bell rings then, chairs shuffling along the freshly waxed floor, the urge to escape the classroom nearly too much to bear. But Peeta doesn't feel it. In fact, he's reluctant to leave, not wanting Katniss to disappear into a sea of faces. But Cato and Thresh wait for him by the door, yelling something at him about a vending machine. He doesn't listen. They can go on without him. And eventually, after it's become clear he is in no hurry, they do. Katniss falls into step with him as they walk out of the door, talking to him about her classes. They have no more together but Peeta would have to take his luck with just one. "Where did you move from?" He asks. He's traveling in the opposite direction of his own class that he shares with Finnick but he doesn't care. He'll take the detention. "Iowa," she groans. "My mother got a job at the hospital here so..." So her mother was a doctor. She had yet to mention her father other than the one comment about the katniss plant and Peeta had a feeling he wasn't around. But it was no place to question. He had just met the girl and she seemed pretty weary about human contact. He didn't want to scare her away. "That's nice," Peeta comments. "If she ever wants breakfast really early in the morning, tell her to come by the bakery. I usually work in the mornings if I don't have football practice." That was if his mother was not there. If she was, he would get a beating for doing something so stupid. "You don't have to do that, Peeta," Katniss whispers, looking a little uneasy about the predicament. "She usually works nights anyway." She goes into her Literature Class, waving to him over her shoulder before the door shuts. The bell rings and Peeta has to sprint to class, sweating through his shirt by the time he rushes through the door. Finnick saved him a seat in the back of the class thankfully. ... He falls in to the swing of things quickly. High-school isn't nearly as bad as every one made it sound; at least it wasn't for him. His brothers show him the ropes, who to avoid and who to get friendly with. He charms his way out of detention the fourth day of school, managing to get Cato and Thresh out of trouble as well. A senior, Alta, gives him her number one day at lunch, winking as she tells him to call her which is seen as a big achievement by all of his friends. He gives it too Thresh. ... The best part of high school thus far is easily Katniss Everdeen. After the first day of school, he took the trip home with his brothers and immediately fired up his laptop, searching every social networking sight he could think of. She wasn't on any of them. He tried google next, only finding an article on her middle schools homepage about her achievements in environmental science. There is nothing else on her and he curses the internet, for once, not doing him any justice. "Damn you Steve Jobs," he whispered shutting down the Mac, joining his family for dinner. He didn't know much about her even after sitting next to her every day for a week; she wasn't the most outgoing person. She laughed at his jokes