Okay, so I basically watched Catching Fire AGAIN for like the 4th time... and I fell in love AGAIN with Galeniss/Everthorne. This story despite being Peeta friendly may not paint him in the best light all the time. I figured if Suzanne Collins could paint some shade on Gale, why I can't I give Peeta a little hate. BUT Peeta lovers don't worry, I'm not going to pull a District 2 type thing and completely send Peeta off the grid like Suzanne did to Gale at the end of Mockingjay. Oh and I am English so sorry about my English ways of spelling stuff. Katniss and Peeta are both 17 in this fic, and Posy is five not 4, their dads died five years before, when Gale and Katniss were 13 and 12 respectively. DISCLAIMER: "Gale is mine, I am his. Anything else is unthinkable" - Sound like my words? Didn't think so, don't know it, and sadly neither do you... I think. But if you do I apologise in advance. "Out of the corner of my eye, I see Peeta extend his hand. I look at him, unsure. "One more time? For the audience?" he says. His voice isn't angry. It's hollow, which is worse. Already the boy with the bread is slipping away from me. I take his hand, holding on tightly, preparing for the cameras and dreading the day when I will finally have to let go." -Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games. I stepped out of the train, still furiously gripping Peeta's hand. I seemed to be drawing strength from Peeta's self assured confidence. I grimaced and tried to bite back the look of disgust that was edging it's way unto my face when I noticed the sheer delight that was written on Peeta's face due to the fact that I was subconsciously holding his hand tighter. My eyes glanced over at the crowd that had gathered to greet Peeta and I. It amazed me as to how many people were actually there. I guess I was kinda well known across town, Gale and I brought food to a lot of people that lived in the Seam, Peeta was pretty self explanatory, he was the son of the baker, the same man who owned the only bakery in District 12. But the thing is, I knew they all knew me, but but how many of them actually cared about the two of us. How many if them were genuinely happy to see me for who I am, instead of who the Capitol want me to be. What bothered me most was that I could see so many faces, so many people all excited to see me, but I couldn't see the faces of those that I actually wanted to see. I felt myself deflate, where were they? It wasn't until I felt Peeta tugging lightly on my arm did I see the place I was actually meant to be looking. They were there, right in front of me all along, my mom crying silent tears of happiness, Hazelle and the kids all cheering and whooping- except one. Gale, and then I saw him standing head and shoulders above everyone else, the only person above him being Prim, her delicate frame resting on his broad shoulders. It was in that moment that I let go. Behind me I could here the scandalized squeals of Effie and the accepting but disapproving sigh that came from Peeta. I couldn't bring myself to feel bad though, I just had to get to them. I launched myself at my mother first, telling her just like I did at the reaping not to cry, crying wasn't something that I was comfortable with doing- or seeing. Weakness in general was kinda a weakness for me if that made sense. I've had to be strong all my life and I've survived, it's just that the idea of Prim of anyone seeing me seem fragile or broken angered me. I moved Next to Hazelle and the kids- Rory, Vick and Posy. Rory looked so much like Gale I almost staggered back at the sight of him. I really wasn't expecting that. That's how it was for the next minute and a half or so, me being sandwiched and passed around the four of them, the biggest hug being from Posy though. I stood back and took a good look at all of them so glad that they were all safe and astonished at how much the boys had grown. Especially Vick, he was the quiet one, slightly nerdier looking compared to the solid build of Rory and the almost statue like frame of Gale. "Gale..." I breathed out turning to look at the boy- no man I corrected myself once looking him over again that had been my confidant these past 6 years. I was brought out of my silent ogling by Prim launching herself off of Gale's shoulders and attaching her arms around my neck and her legs securely around my waist. I staggered back at the unexpected weight of her. Everyone seemed to have grown whilst I was away at the Games. "Hey there little duck" I said, smiling at her face. "Katniss... I missed you so much" she managed to get out through the tears of joy that were streaming down her face. "Uh uh, ducky, I didn't come all this way for you to cry." I gently scolded, setting her down. "Now tell me.." I began looking into her blue orbs that reminded me so much of my mothers before the light that made them shine was put out. "Were you good for mom and Gale when I was away?" She nodded and I was instantly reminded of her youth again, which affirmed the fact that I had made the right choice on reaping day, which now seemed almost years before. "Yes, I helped mom out with healing and Gale even took Rory and I into the forest. The healing I'm good at, not so much the hunting though. I guess I'm more like mom that way." "It's true," a deep voice said behind me. I didn't even have to turn to know who it was, almost regrettably I let go of Prim and launched myself at Gale. All this was very out character for me, I knew as much myself but I just couldn't bring myself to care, I chalked it all down to emotions from not seeing everyone in such along time and not even knowing if I was to see them again during the duration of the games. "Woah... steady there Catnip. If I had known this was what it would take to get a hug from you I would've rigged the games and sent you there myself." I smiled at the smart ass comment that managed to make it's way out of Gale's mouth. "Shut up!" I said, but for once I didn't let go of him and slap his chest like I used to do, instead I just held on tighter but some reason I felt like I needed to be closer to him, like whatever tiny distance that was between us was too large. "Okay now sweetheart, you'll have plenty of time to hug your cousin at dinner." Haymitch said. That's when I froze. I didn't have a cousin. I released myself from Gale's arms and studied the expression on his face. The steely look in his eyes and the set of his jaw told me all that I needed to know. Gale was my cousin. "Your friend Gale. He's the one who took your sister away at the reaping?" "Yes. Do you know him?" I ask "Not really. I hear the girls talk about him a lot. I thought he was your cousin or something. You favour each other" "No. We're not related" I say Suzanne Collins, Hunger Games - pg. 102 I thought about this. It made perfect sense, he could be my brother - straight black hair; olive skin; we even have the same grey eyes. But we're not related. Not even close. I sighed, another lie told by the Capitol. Haymitch gave me a look saying I should let it go and play along. But the look in his eyes told me something completely different: We'd talk later. It was after I stepped back further from my 'family' did I notice Peeta, he was watching the situation around him with an almost unreadable expression. He didn't like it. But I didn't even have to look at his face to know that. His posture was rigid, and his hand (the one that wasn't tucked VERY tightly around my waist) was clenched by his side. I was instantly outraged. How dare he be annoyed by this, he knows that we- me and him were all for show, all for the cameras, just so our families didn't end up dead. I struggled out of his hold and looked towards him a shot him an almost unnoticeable glare, but he saw it. And so did Gale, I knew this because he began to snicker. I met him with a glare of my own, but he knew that I didn't mean it. He could probably see the smirk in my eyes, I knew I could see the smirk in his. We all the stood there for a moment, me struggling to look angry, Gale struggling to look cowed and Peeta struggling to understand what was going on. "Let's get our victor home shall we?" Hazelle spoke up, effectively clearing the tension. I shot her a look of thanks. That woman had always managed to some how understand what I needed, and when I needed it- just like her son. But her use of the singular victor didn't escape my mind. She knew Peeta was standing right there, so what did she mean? We reached the house, the Mellarks barring Peeta all going back to their homes to rest, but the rest of us surprisingly including Haymitch squeezing together in my house in the Seam one last time for a victory dinner courtesy of Hazelle and my mother. I looked around the table, filled mostly with the people that I loved in the world. It was a strange contrast , this meal from the somber atmosphere of our dinners on the train and in the Capitol charged by the fact we could have died at almost any given moment. "Katniss!" I was brought out of my musings by the voice of Posy, Gale's six year old sister. She was adorable, she had typical gray eyes of the Seam and the olive eyes that accompanied it, but what made her different from the rest of them was her hair- dark red, almost auburn. A trait inherited from Gale's grandmother I'm told. "Yeah sweetie?" I said, turning towards her. My heart caught at the sight of her dimpled smile, reminding me so much of the one Gale gives me in the forest, the one I like to think is reserved for only family and me. I'd never wanted kids, but looking at Posy I realised if I ever had kids, I would love them unconditionally. "Guess what!" she said. "I've got a boyfriend!" she finished, not even allowing me to answer. I giggled at her antics, before looking up at the rest of the table, my mom and Prim along with Hazelle and the boys giving her a look of fond exasperation, no doubt having heard this story a million times. Peeta was looking at her with what could only be described as curiosity, Haymitch breaking out in what could be the closest I would probably ever see him get to a smile and Gale grimacing. He was fiercely protective of Posy and was no doubt unhappy with this latest development. "Really?!" I said lacing my already intrigued voice with even more enthusiasm as to please the little girl. "Uh huh" she said, smiling even wider. "He came over when