My name is Isabella Swan. Today i am moving to new small town to live with my father. But i wanted to be independent so i told my father Charlie who is town sheriff that i will live in school hostel,near school. Charlie also understood and encouraged me. I am starting senior year in this school. First thing i have done when i came to this town is finding a book shop. i am sort of book worm . I read all classic novels and romantic ones. But just two years ago I happen to read a book that is so different to the books i read. " Enslaved " Jules Borne wrote that book. Before that I read smut many times and I learned i am interested in girls than boys. But that book did something to me. i mastrubated to that book many times than my entire life. His all stories are based on submission and domination and main character always lesbian. And i am a lesbian too. Most people are thinking his novels are pure smut but i think they are brilliant. He grasped the concept of woman feminism so wonderful that many believed writer is woman. i really believed writer is woman too. And she is writing for almost fifteen years around ten books. No one knows her real name or even where she lives. After that I worked hard for to get all her published books and read all of them. Every book is fantastic and I am almost addicted to her books. Charlie gave me truck as presentation. It is old and won't go more than forty but that's enough for me. i gave happy expression when I received the keys that made him happy. I finally found book shop. It is small and books are neatly arranged in shelves. The book shop looks conservative so I am afraid whether the book can be available or not. Because writers books are not that famous. Anyhow i came out of truck . i walked toward the shop and saw the cashier at counter then I am stuck like statue . " Wow . . . Wow " I thought. She is may be same age as me but she looked like a super model. She is same height as me 5 "7 with short black hair she looked like sexy pixie . Her face is so cute and darn beautiful. Her lips are light ruby red and her eyes are black , in fact most beautiful and darkest black eyes i ever seen. i know i attracted to girls but i never felt like this before. There is some unknown magnetic force is pulling me to her. i can feel my heart is beating hard while approaching the counter, i stumbled upon steps, i saw little concern on her beautiful face. with close she is more beautiful. i am stunned seeing this much beautiful woman. She is wearing a simple red t shirt and denim shorts that revealing her long creamy legs. i watched her naked legs like person who is hungry for days is looking at tasty pizza. Her t shirt is perfectly fitted her figure bundling her breasts leaving small hint of cleavage. i never seen a girl more beautiful than her . Even with simple outfit, she is doing more than any nude girls done to me before. " Hi , What can I get you? " i heard her voice. It felt like sweet music to me. No answer came from my mouth. i just am looking at her like a idiot. i think I am gonna get orgasm just by looking at her. " Hello miss " this time little higher with hint of smile still divine. " H hh hi " i replied but words are coming from my mouth are struggling. i can't believe i am behaving like this because of a teenager girl but very beautiful. " Hi " she replied with smile. " So do you want any book? " she asked. i simply nodded my head and i think more than necessary. She must think i am crazy. She still looking at me with smile but like need a name of book. i am lucky there is no one in book shop. " Jules Bourne latest book " i said. But for saying this , i felt like i have run marathon. i can feel my heart is beating so fast . i tried to control but i am failing miserably. " Oh. So you are a fan. We saw rare . No book shops have his books. Lucky for you i have one. In fact this is first copy of released. " she said. All this time i am looking at her lips. Mentioning of my favorite writer make me get me out of trance. " How did you get that? " i asked her like i didn't believe her . " Because i think writer is from this town. " she replied. i can't believe it. i may be in same town as my favorite writer. i have another question in my mind. " Do you think writer is woman? " She just smiled and " I don't know. But i think so. " i smiled at her like i believe that too. That smile made my knees weak. i may fall , i think I am feeling little wetness between my legs. " Come with me. i will get your book. " i followed her. I am checking her from her back. Now i changed my opinion. Till now i thought her face is most beautiful especially her eyes. But her ass is most perfect thing i have seen in my life. i feel like i can spend eternity looking at her ass. Suddenly she bent to get the book, i am in heaven. Her ass curvature is supernaturally perfect and the way she is bent , i am getting perfect view. I can feel i am holding my breath. Then she stood with book in her hand and i released my breath. She saw me. " Are you okay? " she asked me. i nodded. " I have your book. " she is walking towards counter. i followed her, obviously all the time i am looking at her ass. " " she said something but I am too busy staring at her. " Miss " she touched my hand to get my attention. My pulse quickened when I felt her hand. The touch felt like electric, sending shock to entire body that raised hair on my nape . I am thinking about sex, very wonderful sex. " It's 35 dollars . " i heard her but my eyes focused on her beautiful curved lips. I got strange idea that really want feel her smell. i put aside that thought opened my purse to get money. She crossed her legs while sitting in chair and looking at me with smile. i may be imagining that she is checking me or she thinks I am crazy. But I am trying get her money but my brain is not working properly. I dropped some notes. i bent to get notes and she came to me and helping me. Now we are on floor, close to each other, she is looking at floor, i breathed air beside her. It smells great, may be her shampoo or hair spray. " Here your money. " she gave me. i took the money and I think gripped her hand more than necessary but she didn't say anything. " Thank you. " i mumbled. i paid money and she gave me receipt. and left with book. But i can't get her image out of my mind . This night i am staying with Charlie. Tomorrow i move to hostel . i finished my dinner with Charlie. i don't have much interaction with him but he make me feel he support my decision. i thanked him for truck. he asked me to visit weekends , i said yes. Then i went to bed. i want to finish the book but even first chapter has a erotic scene. My one hand is holding book while other went into my underwear. In that book sexy female teacher tied her teenage student to bench and doing wicked things. I am already wet , my fingers found my favorite spot. My thumb gripped my clit and other digits are simulating my pussy to orgasm . Suddenly image of me and girl in book shop came to mind . i am student and she is teacher. She tied me to bench , i am in underwear , my breasts firmly pressed against hard bench , she is in official dominatrix dress, black corset pushing her boobs upwards revealing her nipples, she wore pointy leather black thong that just covered her pussy, leaving her ass in display. That image alone triggered a powerful orgasm. I can feel the real stickiness of my fingers. But i continued my imagination. Then my underwear ripped away by her and she pushed it into my mouth. " You are my bitch Bella. Your punishment would be spanking your ass until i satisfied. " i heard her commanding voice. i nodded. Then her slaps are started. i really felt stinging of every slap like real. i felt the pleasure of being punished vividly. I felt my pussy throbbing for every slap, i felt tears coming from my eyes which are mixed with joy and pain. I worked my fingers hard in my pussy, jabbing them with force. For every spank on my ass in dream, i gave strong jab into my pussy . i felt strong flow spasms all over body and came both in dream and reality. i never felt this much strong orgasm and i almost lost my conscience and fell asleep. i am again tied to same table, but that girl is not spanking me. Instead her hand is gripping my neck so I struggled against table naked. My nipples are so erected, hard table against them is giving me sensations. Her hand reached between my legs, caressed soft flesh that already wet. Then she pushed her ten inch pink strap on into my pussy so hard , i screamed. i am so helpless and at her mercy which she didn't show it even little bit. She is ramming her strap on again and again so hard i came. That's when I woke up and realized that is a dream. It felt so real, my hand is between my legs and my fingers are in my pussy and sticky with my cum. i don't know when i removed my clothes but I am butt naked. And I am still breathing heavily. i took a moment to calm myself and remembered today i will move to hostel. i readied for school and placed all my things in back of my truck with help of Charlie. The town is small and way to school is simple. First thing I did when I reached school is meet the principal. She fifty years old woman with kind face. She know i am sheriff daughter so helped me with process. i got room at hostel and I have to share with another girl named Leah. And she is cheerleader and I am not fond of cheerleaders. She told me I can move in this evening and I thanked her. i got class schedule ,i came early so I sat on school front lawn. One boy saw me sitting lonely ,approached. " You are Isabella swan, sheriff daughter. i am Mike. " he introduced himself. " Yeah , call me Bella . " He chatted me sometime then his friends joined too. Jessica, Angela, Daniel, John I am remembering their names. i not very good with names. These are normal type of crowd and even i am talking not much still they are talking