BPOV CHAPTER 1 It was times like this I really didn't want wake up to the sound of my alarm going off in my ear, especially due to the head ache I have from the lack of sleep. But that tends to happen a lot now due to the fact that I brought a new bar, that was a long project to get up and running. Not that I didn't have the money to do it, It just so happens that when one thing went wrong the everything seemed to go wrong at the same time. You know, plumbing, electric problems you name it, it all happened. I thought I was a sign from the almighty that this place just was not meant to open. Then lets not forget the evil pixie and her need to decorate. My god I have known Alice my whole life, I'm used to her behaviour. This time though it was like a fucking Energizer bunny on crack! Fabric swatches, paint samples, what wood for the table and chairs or did I want steel. Its was just too much this time. I wanted some place calm, where people could come and relax. Not like those stuck up places where you must have a fucking dress code to get it...ridiculous! So in the end I gave free rein to Alice to run along and do as she pleased, as long as it gave off the calm and relaxed feeling, you know a place they can come and get away but that's still friendly? It was going to be great, I knew that Alice always did good on her little projects and she knew that this was important to me. So she will put in the extra effort in I'm sure. And now we come to the reason this place is so important to me..its named after my father Charlie. He died when I was in college, shot in the line of duty. It was some sort of street fight that he had to break up, he tried to defuse the situation and I suppose he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. I was angry at my dad for a long time, I hated that he put himself in harm's way. It took a long time to figure out that, although he had me his job was his life. He wanted to make the world a better place and put the bad guys away and do the right thing. Unfortunately that's how he met his end. My father was a good man he loved me to moon and back. And as much as I hate to admit it I was a total fucking daddy's girl. I was a total tomboy growing up, I think my dad actually wanted a boy when he found out my mum was pregnant. Said he wanted someone to play ball with, teach to how to shoot. Lucky for him I also like to do those things and he took great pride in teaching me to shoot. And I must admit I am a fucking great shot if I do say so myself. He taught me not to kill but to just shoot so the person surrenders. I did a lot of my target practice with cans to begin with then we moved along to animals. Once is all I could practice at that art, because I liked to go straight for the kill more human that way. Then came the self-defence classes along with the kick boxing it help with my balance problems and found out I have quick reflexes so that's always good, its come in handy a few times, that's a story for another time...so although my dad help with all those thing he still had soft side, that came out in full force when my mum left when I was 10 yrs old, she decided that she didn't want to be a mother apparently it had nothing to do with me she just couldn't handle it being tied down to rainy Forks with child and a husband that she didn't love anymore...charlie not me! ..It broke Charlies heart when she up and left and he never got over it he tried but it just didn't happen, and for that she is nothing to me and ill never forgive her for it. That's when my dad really stepped up although he was heart-broken he became a mother and a father to me, he was my shoulder to cry on, my best friend and my rock..that's why it killed me when he died, I sort of changed with that I was no longer the good girl, well on the surface you could say I was but under the surface you could say I felt like a raging bull I just needed to be let out, some how I had turned bull-headed cold to anyone that didn't know me and I was kinda of a bitch, the only one that really knew the real me was Alice. So in honour of my father I named the place CHARLIE'S he would probably be pissed that I had gone to college and got an English degree but in the end life is to short I didn't want to be the good girl anymore I wanted to do something different so with the money for Charlies life insurance I brought the bar can't get much more different that can ya! So that brings me back from my trip down memory lane and back the banging headache and the beeping alarm!, it was time to get up and get ready to get back to the bar and finish the painting and get the new furniture and the fridges and stuff moved in...oh boy what a long flipping day its gonna be! With my rant out they way I switched off the alarm and crawled out of bed and stumbled to the bathroom the do the normal routine you know got to the toilet, shower and brush my teeth, I walked back out in to my room to find some clothes, nothing special just an old pair of dark blue jeans and a black t-shirt and some trainers, I brushed and put my hair in a messy bun on top of my head. I didn't need make up and I knew that would set Alice off but I was painting for fuck's sake I didn't need to look hot as Alice would put it. I walked into the kitchen to fill up my travel mug and added milk and 3 sugars, sue me I like it sweet...I texted Alice and let her know I was on my way, I grabbed my bag and key and was out the door. On the drive I was going over the checklist in my head, I still had so much to do...I still had to hire the bar staff i would interview them tomorrow, we needed to get the painting and everything moved in today then we could stock up the bar then we would have the last few days before we open to finish any last-minute things that may pop up in the mean time. I parked in front of CHARLIE'S and just stared it look pretty good from the outside, I looked up at the sign above the window it had a black background with CHARLIE'S written in a dark shade of red with a slight glitter affect, The windows were still covered but we had a sign saying we open next week...I can't wait feels like its taken forever to get to this bloody point. I got a of my car and walked through the door of the bar Alice was already here painting from what I can see and the radio was blaring she was singing from the top of her lungs quite badly I might add! I looked over to the bar area its was a shiny dark mahogany with 8 bar stools behind the bar you have the shelves where the glasses with go, we have a mirrored wall with more shelves also optic stands for the spirits along with fridges for the bottles of beer and wkd's, still looking around the floors were wooden we had 20 dark wood table and chairs, also 10 high table and stools to be placed as soon as the walls have been painted and it looks like Alice has stayed with the dark theme with black and red same as the sign out front. Tomorrow as well as the interview I have 2 fruits machines coming, the jukebox that will be set by the dance floor area it's a small area but it will do, we also have a small stage we are gonna have a live band for opening night there booked and ready to go..oh there is a room off to the right that I will put a pool table in that's also coming tomorrow. The toilets are in the door to the left men's and women's and then you have my office out back, it's coming together slowly. I walked to the middle of the floor and took a deep breath and called "Hey Alice how you coming along" Alice looked around with the paint roller in her hand with a bright smile on the pixie looking face and bright blue eyes lit up and said "Hey Bella I didn't hear you come in, erm well I almost finished this wall it's gonna look great don't you think, it's all coming together at long last". I looked at Alice and said " yeah I know it's about time, I didn't think we was ever gonna get to this point." I walked over to where Alice standing and picked up the roller to start on the next wall, the sooner it was done the better. "I know what you mean, I'll be glad when its done and I don't have to listen to winged like a bitch in heat" Alice said laughing her ass off thinking she is the best thing since sliced bread...yeah I wasn't laughing. "Huh, well I had to listen to you talk about fucking paint colors and being just the right shade and what color flipping wood, if you let me do it my way I could have just brought loads of shit and we would have been on our way but...noooo" I said. "Bella come on...I wasn't that bad and you know it..I just wanted it to look perfect for you, and it will if you do it as I have seen it planned in my head" she said with the innocent smile on her face. "yeah yeah whatever let's get this shit done already...turn up the music" I said as I began to roll the red paint on the wall, I was gonna get this shit done and finished today if it fucking killed me. 5 and a half hours later we were finally done, I dropped my roller in the tray and fell to the floor with a huff, "Thank fucking Christ that's done, I thought we would never get it finished"! Alice fell on the floor beside me and rolled her eyes at me, I don't know where she gets all her energy from she didn't even break a sweat! "Hey Bella we got about an hour and half before they bring the tables and that, do you want to go a grab some food at the Chinese a few doors down and then come back" Alice said. I looked at her thinking, but the my stomach rumbled loud enough for Alice to hear making us laugh and said "Yeah I could eat". I didn't realise it was past nearly 2 in the afternoon and had anything to eat yet. We packed the paint away and cleaned the roller and trays and left them by the sink, we grabbed our bags and walked to the door, I took one look back finally glad that