You Can Only Hope Summary: Legolas debates whether to sail to the Undying Lands and hope to heal from his grief or stay behind to wait until Estel is born again and hope to fall in love again. Three Elves weigh him to help him decide. Companion piece to "My Fairytale". Rating: K Genre: general Canon Character(s): Legolas Thranduilion ; Thranduil Orophinion ; Arwen Undómiel ; Lord Elrond Peredhel ; Aragorn Arathornion and Elladan & Elrohir Elrondion (are mentioned, but not really big role) OC Character(s): Estel Elessariel (is only mentioned for the most part) Set During: after RotK, really between Chapters 79 and Chapter 80 Note: If you haven't read "My Fairytale", warning: you will be slightly confused. But, hey, if you read it and think you're interested, I would suggest reading "My Fairytale" and then coming back to this piece. Oh, and everything's spoken in Elvish. ~ Thranduil Orophinion ~ I finally coaxed the truth out of Aragorn a few weeks after the incident in question. I certainly had had no idea about what had happened; one day, I had met the girl, Estel Elessariel, and the next day, she was gone and my son was heartbroken, depressed, and empty. He wasn't the only one, for everyone I saw had been mourning her, especially her family, but he certainly had been the most affected. So I did the best I could. I woke my son up early, hauled him out of the castle, plopped him on a horse, and went for a long morning ride. He went along, reluctantly yet without much fuss. The fire of his spirit seemed to have been quenched, and that scared me, for it was the fire burning inside of him that had made me so proud of my son. We passed a half hour in silence, really going nowhere. Just enjoying the scenery . . . or so was our excuse. Finally, I couldn't stand it any longer. "Legolas, ion-nin , what has robbed you of your voice?" I asked, trying to aim for a teasing tone yet not quite succeeding. He didn't answer immediately. That worried me even more. Normally, my son would have risen to the challenge without hesitation. That he did not told me the depth to which he had sunken into his misery, for whatever reason that he had not yet told me. But I would get an answer from him, because Estel was gone and therefore no one else would know better than my son what had gone so terribly wrong in the course of a day. "I am well, Ada," he replied. "My mind seeks to enjoy the scenery more than it does to spoil the peace and quiet with . . . idle chatter." "Idle chatter?" I suppressed a snort. "Ah, ion-nin , you have never spoiled anything with idle chatter around me. . . And I doubt you would now. You have just completed a journey of the likes that has not been undertaken in the memory of our entire race – and yet you say not a word of it. Did it mean so little to you?" "No!" he insisted. "I have made my friends. It was not worthless. The Ring was destroyed. Sauron is vanquished once and for all, as you once sought yourself during the seven-year siege of Mordor." "Perhaps. But it seems to me that Sauron and the Ring are not the only things to be vanquished." I eyed my son as I shifted the reins to one hand; my horse responded by slowing the walk even further. "Now, tell of this journey, then, if it not worthless, for it is not in any way 'idle chatter'." So, reluctantly, Legolas told the story, in halting yet eloquent bits and pieces. He spoke of their journey through the Pass of Caradhas, and thence to the mines of Moria, and Lothlórien, and then to Amon Hen, where the fellowship had finally broken apart. Then he continued, speaking of his pursuit of the Uruk-hai all the way to Rohan, and his encounters therein in Edoras, and his adventures during the Battle of Helm's Deep. Then back to Gondor, through the Dimholt Road and with the army of the dead, and straight into the Battle of Pelennor Fields and thence to the Battle of the Black Gate at the doors of Moria. He spoke glowing of his friends, like Aragorn and Gimli and Eldarion – but precious little, I noted, of Estel. When he seemed done, I said, "You have done much, traveled far, and seen wide. . . But what have you learned of life, ion-nin ? Is there anything . . . else . . . that you have not told you?" Legolas's eyes darkened, the blue becoming fletched with shadows and darkness and grief. His lips thinned and he seemed almost angry. He averted his gaze, and said, "Aragorn has told you of . . . of Estel?" I debated for a moment, and then answered, "Only very little." "Then why did you ask?" "Because," I said sharply, "I wanted to hear everything from you , ion-nin . You are my son, not Aragorn, and if there is one who finally captured your heart, I would like to know it from you." "You already know everything there is to know." "No, I do not!" Finally, my son turned to face me for the first time, and for the first time, he seemed to realize just how much he was growing distant from me, from his friends, from life . Shock flitted across his face, and then fear, and then anger, and then resignation. I had provoked the fire – yet it had burned for but a moment before it was quenched anew. "Legolas," I continued in a softer voice, "I knew of your intent to marry her. And I knew of your adventures with her during the course of the Fellowship. But I want to know how you came to her." For a moment, I thought Legolas would simply ride away and ignore me. But then, he took a shuddering inhale. "I . . . I do not know when it started," he began, and his voice was at the same time raw and musical, so much so to make my heart ache. "But by the time she left, I knew. . . Perhaps I always knew." "Knew what?" I prompted. "That I love her. That I loved her." Then he told me everything – how she'd unhesitatingly fought in the mines of Moria and Amon Hen and Helm's Deep and the Pelennor Fields and at the Black Gate; how she'd comforted him over his shortcomings and failures when he could not, in the end, prevent the explosion that blew part of the wall of Helm's Deep into the air; how she'd been at once so wise and majestic when she'd argued with leaders about what to do or when she'd revealed herself as the true Queen that she was destined to become and yet so young and vulnerable when the ghosts had pounced and she remembered that she still really was a child in many years; how she'd been stubborn, and careless, and impulsive, and beautiful, and merry, and gentle; how she'd been the blend of Elven beauty and grace and Man's spirit and persistence; but most importantly, how she had captured his heart. It was no easy feat. I could easily see now that this was more than some crush. He loved her. He had loved her. Whatever it was, there had been love on both sides, and the fact that it was now gone was slowly killing my son. When Legolas was done, I let silence reign for a little. "Do you think I am a fool?" he asked quietly. "For letting this happen? You have warned me, before, of why the Eldar keep their distance from the Edain, and not merely because they can be backstabbing liars." I turned my gaze sharply. "No, Legolas, you are no fool. When there is love, true love, sometimes it catches even the wisest of us off guard, and then who are we to care what race the other is? We cannot control it, and often we do not wish to." "That is how I feel!" he cried. "Yes. I cannot emphasize, for even now your mother waits for me across the sea – but I can listen, and understand, and be there." I reached out and placed a hand on my son's shoulder. "Legolas, you are my only son. And I would wish that if there was trouble, even if you do not think I can understand, at least come to me, so that I may know and try to help. I cannot promise I can ease the pain, but seeing you in pain and me in ignorance . . . Ah, that burns worse than any foolish mistake you may have made." "I understand, Ada. And I am sorry. I just . . ." I waved it aside. "It is forgotten. I am not concerned with the past. I only want the best for the future – your future." He understood at once. "What is your suggestion, Ada?" he asked, his eyes flickering. I hesitated. Usually I was so sure, but in this. . . I was his father. He respected me, trusted me, loved me. But here was as new ground for me to cover. I had never gone through this before. And sometimes my instincts were not always the best, for my son was not me, and this situation was as foreign to me as Estel's own mortality was when compared to my immortality, for my wife was an Elf like me. "I think you should sail to Valinor, when the time comes," I answered finally. "But it is your decision, in the end. I know that I shall not sail myself for some time anyways. Now come! It is long past time to break our fast, do you not agree?" ~ Arwen Undómiel ~ I found Legolas sitting on the wall, gazing out over Minas Tirith as he was wont to do in the days and now weeks since Estel's departure. It hadn't been that long ago, but when I noted the changes in Legolas, I could almost believe a whole lifetime had passed, and that that was the reason Legolas had changed so much . . . and not for the better, either. Even his father had noticed, and dragged him outside early this morning. I was actually surprised King Thranduil had waited that long before acting. He was impulsive and sometimes harsh, but he loved his son with a single-minded intent that surpassed all else. To see Legolas hurt, in any way, produced a fury even worse than anything else. Except that there was often little he could do to ease his son's pain. And this time, that was especially true. Because Legolas wasn't physically hurt; there were no bruises, cuts, scrapes, or broken bones to be tended to and healed. Legolas wasn't even mentally hurt; he wasn't traumatized, or tortured, or even shaken. No, this time, the blow had been to his fëa itself. "Legolas," I said quietly. He didn't even twitch. "Queen Arwen," he replied, his voice just a note softer and sadder than usual. But that single note was telltale. I laughed. "Legolas, we have been friends for many years, and often have you visited the halls of Imladris. Why the sudden formality? For if you insist upon it, then so will I, Prince Legolas," I added, emphasizing the title in such a way that I knew he could not possibly miss it. His hands tightened briefly, and then he relaxed. He turned to me, an apologetic expression on his face. "I am sorry, Arwen." He sighed. "It is just . . . hard . . . to know how to act. . . I do not know what people expect