Note: There is an adult scene in this chapter. I will note where it starts and ends with **. If you don't want to read it you don't have to. It will not be a common theme throughout the story and that's why I have rated this story T. Don't Let Me Be Lonely " When I'm gone, you'll need love to light the shadows on your face." Staring out into the woods, high upon a hill top, I wish I could just disappear. Today I lost my friend to the soul crushing machine called the Hunger Games; food for fodder for a Capitol whose thirst for blood is never quenched. But I know I shouldn't be surprised by this turn of events. District twelve is a wasteland of death and despair. Everyone loses someone here; some people even lose everyone and everything. I'm no stranger to that curse. Both my parents perished when their train derailed on the way to the capitol. A freak accident the authorities called it, but there were rumors from the start it had been a deliberate attack against the government. However, those rumors were quickly silenced like all talk of rebellion always is. Whatever the details, no answer would have been comforting. Either way, I became an orphan. The two people I loved most in the world were ripped away to that place no one ever returns from. No matter how hard you cry or how loud you scream for their return; the unbearable grief and emptiness is all that answers your call. My fate would have been sealed, I would have been sent to wither and die in the children's home if my brother had not taken over as my care taker. And some days I think the first fate would have been less cruel. My brother doesn't love me. In most ways I revolt him. Mirroring all the traits he saw as weakness in our parents. He only took over my care in order to receive the money that came with me from our parent remaining assets. Assets we would have split until he took control of it all. You see, I come from the merchant class, which puts me in better shape than the families fighting for their very existence in the Seam. We're by no means wealthy like people are in the other districts, but my family owns a shop. We have a roof over our head and food in our bellies. All of our basic needs met and on rare occasions, some of our wants too. My father was watch maker- a craft that catered to the wealthy. As my father once said, only the rich could afford time. His craftsmanship was so exquisite the Capitol was even interested in his work. It was that interest that had my parents on the train that fateful night. It was that interest that stole them away. Having our needs met, my mother always reached out to other's who were struggling. A gift she bestowed within me. She always felt more at home in the Seam, in the Hob than she ever did in town. My mother always said, it was important that we help one another, because once we lose our humanity, than there's nothing left worth fighting for in this world. After she passed, I spent my days wandering the Seam, where I could feel closest to her, and where people felt more real and authentic than the pretention that filled my home with my brother and his wife. At first my presence stood out like a sore thumb. My mother's wavy blonde hair, and deep evergreen eyes made me stick out in a sea of brunette's. But my mother had been loved by the people in the Seam and eventually they began to accept me too. Whether it was pity or genuine acceptance I'll never know, but I wasn't picky as long as they let me stay. That's how I first ran into Katniss outside of school. I'd catch her eyes on me in the Hob talking with Greasy Sae or sharing my meager loaf of bread with children who had nothing, but hollow aching bellies. I caught her eyes on me while I huddled alone at school. Pulling away from my old world and everyone in it after my parents died. She once had the unfortunate luck to be moving through the alley behind my house when a heated argument broke out between me and my brother. An argument that sent me lying in the dirt after he shamelessly struck my face in retribution. My eyes only caught hers briefly that time before she thankfully had the mercy to quickly disappear. Maybe it was because we had both lost a parent we loved. Maybe it was because we both felt the world had abandoned us and we had to rely on ourselves to survive. Maybe it's because I share a likeness to her beloved sister Prim. Or maybe it was because I tried harder to belong in her world in the Seam, than I ever did my own in town. But whatever it was Katniss slowly began to let me in, and slowly she had helped me break free of the walls I had built around myself after my parent's death. At first we were just silent companions at school, but then she slowly began to speak to me when she saw me at the Hob. Nothing substantial, but slowly our bond grew. Until one day, she was my friend, my only friend. She taught me about plants. She even tried to teach me about hunting, but my skill with a bow was uncoordinated at best. We didn't share deep conversations. We didn't spill the heartache of our lives. She never trusted me the way I could see she trusted Gale. But she was my friend, my only friend, and the only bright spot after losing both my parents, besides my grandma. And I could tell in her quiet smile, I was hers too. But all of that was ripped away on the 74th annual reaping's for the Hunger Games. I feel like I'm barely breathing as I stand in the woods. The air burns in my lung and strings as I exhale it free. I don't know what I would have done if the fences had been turned on. Perhaps I would have tried to just run through them away. I just knew I had to get away. I had to feel near her. Near the only real friend I have. The woods were the first thing to pop into my mind, her second home. I stare out into the forest that appears endless in its expanse. The weight on my heart feels unbearable as tears run steadily down my face. I can't believe they took her. The only one of us worth saving. The only person who had made this place seem like some resemblance of home since my parents died. Shuttered bursts of breath push forth past my trembling lips as the tears continue to flow. I thought coming out here would bring me solace, but it only leaves me feeling more alone and unsure if anything can quench the pain throbbing inside me at this point. Then I hear it, a branch snaps just a few feet off. Quickly I wipe my eyes of all tears. Sniffling hard, I try to rope my emotions under control as my face quickly turns to see what or who has found me. Surely peacekeepers would mean imprisonment or worse on a day like today. Our eyes lock instantly. He stands frozen beside a tree, taking the sight of me in, silently brooding. Tall, dark, and handsome, he makes my heart beat faster for a new reason. I've held a spark for Gale Hawthorne ever since he transformed into a man overnight. Most of the girls in the Seam do. As Katniss's friend, he knows me. Spends more time with me than I know he'd like. He resents me. Resents me for coming from the merchant class, for living in town, and not in the Seam. Resents me for taking up some of Katniss's precious attention. Resents me for turning their twosome into a trio. And he's made it perfectly clear since day one. Gale Hawthorne tolerates me for Katiniss's sake, and I'm sure I'm the last person he wanted to find out in the woods on today of all days. Our eyes hold as he seems to internally debate turning around and leaving on the spot. But for reasons I'll never know he decides to approach me instead. Like a predator on the prowl, he moves silently until he reaches my side, then halts. Normally catching sight of Gale would bring a warming smile to my face, even if he never returns it. But today is different. Today he's just a sad reminder of what's missing, of what's been taken away, and I get the distinct feeling he feels the same about me. My eyes break away, back across the grassy hill top, out past the trees that clustered on the mountains for as far as the eye can see. The feel of his presence beside me makes the ache in my heart swell once again. The afternoon events replay in my mind like a nightmare. The fear in Katniss's voice as she burst forth from the crowd to volunteer herself for the sake of Prim. The piercing scream of Prim's tender voice as Gale carried her away. The look of unbidden fear blinding in Katniss's eyes as she stood upon the stage. I had only gotten to see her for a moment after the ceremony; A moment that felt more like a swirl of emotions and promises than an actual event. The memories surge and begin to strangle me as I finally turn back to Gale, overcome by emotion. "She's gone." My voice breaks with each painful word as tears I can no longer hold in begin to cascade down my face. Because I'm not just talking about here and now, but quite possibly for forever. In my heart, I know if anyone from distinct twelve can win, it's her, but I also know one against twenty-three others gunning to kill you are horrible odds. And the odds are never in our favor. Before I even know what's happening, Gale takes me by surprise and pulls me into his arms, nestled against his strong warm chest, comforting me. He's never done anything like this before. He's never even touched me, but I also know I can't be the only one breaking right now. I know what Katniss means to Gale. It's impossible to not see. I cling to him, my fingers digging into his sides as his strong arms wrap tightly around me, embracing me. I feel broken and lost as the tears continue to fall and absorb in his shirt. Taking a deep shuttered breath, his musky scent fills my lungs with a sense of comfort. I pull back just far enough to find his eyes, needing to feel a connection in a moment so alone. Towering over, just inches away, our eyes lock. And for the first time I can see how broken Gale looks. The devastation twisting his strong handsome features, the pain bursting from his eyes with unbearable grief. Without thinking twice, my hand reaches up to tenderly touch his cheek, reaching out to him. Offering him the same comforting championship he's so freely giving me. Even though it contrasts every moment we've shared before this. Raw emotion has a way of pulling people together. My touch seems to change something in him, seems to alter the moment in some indiscernible way. Right before my eyes, Gale's orbs take on a new depth, and practically swallow me in their grip. ** In a second, as air dances past my lips, before I can exhale it back out, his lips are falling onto