The day the aquifers dried out, half the town left. The day after, only the desperate remained. The days of a glittering Las Vegas were long gone. Once the Colorado river began to dry out, it got too expensive to transport water to the city. Afterall, they were in a desert. As the hotels and casinos went out of business, the people went with them. With the cost of water and the lack of rain, they couldn't afford to stay there. At the beginning, they began to depend on groundwater. There wasn't much of it, but it was supposed to last them a good few months, at least until it rained again but it never did. Nico sat in the back of the van as Bianca filled the tank with gas. Vegas was becoming unbearably hot and they needed to leave. There was nothing there anymore other than empty buildings that have been raided a few times too many. They had about twenty gallons of water on them and a few cases of gold coins. Nobody wanted paper money anymore. It was a bit of a joke now, considering that large forests became an obsolete thing and trees were too expensive a luxury to grow. Luckily for them, Bianca traded cash for gold early on in the drought. People called them drachmas in the city states. It seemed that the only people who were doing okay were in these cities. In the US, they were all by the coasts or the Great Lakes, although those were in constant war. Fresh water sources were being drained too quickly and with the lack of rain to replenish them, they became a rarity. Most people depended on the ocean water instead. Desalinization and the machines to do it were costly, but in the time of drought, freshwater was the most valuable thing there was. It was a slow process that creating a lot of waste, but what choice did they have? They ruined the Earth already. None of it made sense to him, how there was absolutely no rainfall for over a year. Even scientists were puzzled by the discovery, considering the atmospheric temperature didn't even rise from the year before. The results, however, were devastating. Developing countries were hit the hardest, within a few months of the start of the drought, at least a billion were dead. That number climbed at an alarming rate once aquifers and wells dried out. At that point, the city states began to form. Large governments were failing because they were unable to provide their citizens adequate water supplies. Citizens saw it as politicians trying to hoard the water and broke away from them. The city states ranged in size, but there was one thing all of them shared: water and the need to protect it. Most city states had farms and a constant supply of food but there was just enough. Getting turned away wasn't unheard of. Bianca had heard from a friend that those on the west coast were getting crowded so they decided to head the opposite way. "Ready to go Nico?" Bianca hopped into the driver's seat and strapped down a small barrel of oil on the seat besides her. She had only begun driving once most of the people left Vegas. Their blue van was found at the side of a freeway with the keys in and the motor still running. Nico wasn't sure what to make of her driving, but considering that the roads were probably empty of traffic, it was good enough. "Westover…" "Maine. Just on the other side of America. It's supposed to be colder there and I heard their aquifers are still quite full," Bianca replied as she tossed Nico her phone, "lead the way." As they drove, Nico watched them leave Vegas behind. They were only there two months before the drought began. Their mother had just passed away and they were sent here while the Child Protective Services tried looking or their father. He wasn't sure what happened to those people. They probably assumed that they had left Vegas with the first wave of people. It wasn't until three months into the drought that the United States became nothing more than a city state itself. Considering that neither of them were aspiring politicians or had any combat skill, D.C. didn't seem to be the place for them. It was rather dull, looking out the window. The sky was a bright blue, the way it always was now. Other than that, everything was some shade of brown. They were already in a desert and without rain, the fragile ecosystem just fell apart. Once in awhile, they would pass by an abandoned car graying on the side of the road. At least he hoped that they were abandoned. Heat stroke was a bit too common of an occurrence now, with so few people having the luxury of carrying water around. He had always known that the population was a mere fraction of what it was before but it didn't hit him until they had gotten out of Nevada. During the whole ride, he saw no one. There were many unkempt and raided houses, but not a single person. Anyone who was alive was long gone. Those that remained were probably rotting somewhere or escaping like they were. "It's named after a military school by the ocean." "Hmm?" Bianca pointed at the phone in his hands, "Westover. It's the name of the school where they have their machines. Almost all of the water for the city state is made there. The aquifers are only used for agriculture." "They're still accepting?" "Yup. At least as far as I know. I have a friend there that said they are." It reassured him, but not enough. Somehow, the idea terrified him, that they were going to be turned away at the gates. All he could think about when he thought about Maine was blueberries. He had done a project years ago on the state. All he could remember was that wild blueberries were the state fruit. Yes, they were going to turn Bianca and him away from their stupid blueberry farms. If there was one thing he liked about Vegas, it was that nobody cared about them. They were able to come and go as they pleased. When they decided to move from their little apartment to the lobby of the Lotus hotel, the people who remained hardly blinked an eye. It was almost like a community, except it wasn't. They all needed to survive and they didn't take from anyone still living there. It was nice. Nico rested his head on a Louis Vuitton suitcase that Bianca used to hold her stuff. She had claimed that she got it for the quality, but from how she treated the bag, he knew she thought it was pretty. Everything had been packed since the first day the aquifers dried out. It was going to be a long ride. It took about three days to get to Maine. He couldn't help but feel as if they had not moved at all, at the state border, it was still brown and barren. He wasn't sure what he expected, it was a worldwide drought after all, but he never expected that Maine was going to look like the deserts of Nevada. Bianca got on the phone with one of her friends as she began to drive down streets. The houses and stores that they passed by were all empty. It didn't seem that there was anyone living there. They had passed by people as they drove, but those people didn't look as if they would have wanted to help them. They were all walking in the direction they were driving. Still, it was comforting, seeing people. He had heard news on the radio that there were thieves that attacked travelers, so they decided to keep a good distance away. They were low on water and it was better to not take any risks. "Right up there," Bianca said, a bit of a smile in her voice. Nico climbed out of the back to look out the front window. There was no gate. Instead, there were people, sitting outside and walking around. It was so normal but he hadn't seen such a thing for so long. A copper skinned girl with dark hair was waving at the car. When Bianca saw her, she rolled down the windows and stopped the car. "Zoë!" Bianca practically leapt out of the car to hug her friend. Zoë stuck her head into the van and smiled even wider than before when she saw Nico, "I'm glad to see you two made it here safe! I'll bring you to the lady in charge. We've been waiting for you. Just park your car over at my place." Zoë jumped into the back of the car and sat on one of their suitcases. Nico watched as the two girls talked animatedly about the city, not that there seemed to be too much in it. There were no stores open and not too many people. The houses were painted bright colors, as if to take the attention away from the lack of lawns. Zoë stopped them in front of a two storied Victorian styled house with a marble statue of a woman crying. An intricate black fence surrounded the house and a red stone path led to the door. "You live here?" He had tried to hide it but the shock was evident in his voice. She nodded and grabbed one of the suitcases, "Just bring your stuff inside. We can just walk to the town hall." The inside of the house was even more elaborate than the front, it seemed to be completely furnished and a bit too homey for a single girl to live in. Bianca was too stunned to speak and clumsily dropped her suitcases to touch a portrait on the wall. "Five bedroom and six bathrooms. They all have running water." Nico but down his bag in the living room. This house really did looked lived in. There were pictures on the mantle of the fireplace and throws draped over the couches. He couldn't understand how a thing like that could exist alongside the disaster. "I'll show you guys your bedrooms," Zoë offered, taking a hold of Bianca's shoulder as if she was comforting her. Bianca, taken out of her daze, shook her head, "I want to see if we can get registered first. I mean if you don't mind." Nico knew that his sister was worried too, that the city wouldn't accept them. "Not at all. Follow me." She led them out of the house and around to the back. In the fence, there was a gate that she opened for them. On the other side of the fence was an even larger building. From the domed top and greek styled architecture, he decided that this was probably the town hall. They circled around to the front of the building where they a giant fountain stood. Unlike the empty pools he was used to seeing, this one was running. Water trickled down the body of a woman dancing, giving the illusion that she was dancing in the rain. It was as if the building was mocking the drought. Despite the lack of grass, white rose bushes lined the front of the building. A few willowy looking trees gave shade to the young women sitting beneath them. A few women, all dressed similarly to Zoë walked inside. They all wore flowing white blouses, some military like jacket, dark jeans, and heavy boots. Their hair was tied back in a braid and their faces were almost glowing. As they entered the building, the women stared at them, although not menacingly. The interior of the building was decorated by shimmering cloth draped about the room and vases of white orchids. It felt breezy. The woman at the front desk nodded at Zoë but