I'm revising this fic just a bit, more details and all that, so please review! This is an idea I got from reading another Leah/Felix fic. It starts at the end of Breaking Dawn while Aro is deciding the Cullens' fate. Please review! Felix's point of view: My eyes scanned over the group across from us. I knew what Aro would decide. We had come to end them. The half-human, half-vampire was our reason for our visit and attack. At least that was our excuse while we tried to gain more numbers in the form of Edward, Alice, and said half-human and vampire. We also had to end the Cullen coven. Their size was becoming a concern to Aro and Caius. They were unnatural for our kind. My eyes ran over the line of wolves that stood in a line to our left. They were interesting, to say the least. My thoughts went to the idea of having them as lap dogs and the power they would give us. They could be loyal servants as well as an easily disposed tool if need be. I smirked at the thought as my eyes ran down the line, ending on the wolf at the end of it. I could tell immediately by the size that it was female. My eyes roamed her gray, wolf form wondering what she looked like in her human one. Her eyes met mine, and I felt something change in me. I wanted to know her more on a personal level. What was she like? I shook my head. I wanted to see her in human form, sleep with her, and be done with it. Another part of me argued with myself that I wanted to know the girl. I wanted to know her likes, dislikes, and everything about her. I had to know her. My eyes snapped back to our leader as he gave his verdict. The Cullens and their witnesses would be allowed to live. Disappointment shot through me. I wanted a fight. My eyes went back to hers, and relief replaced my disappointment. She'd live. Those around her hugged and kissed each other; her pack nudged each other and let yips of excitement out, some even chasing each other. She, however, didn't move as her chocolate eyes held mine. I had to leave. I had to make her mine. I had to have a relationship with her. I frowned, not knowing how I would get to her without alerting myself to my masters. Could I get away from them without giving them my reason for leaving? My eyes shot to Eleazar, knowing he had left without a fight or questioning. I would too as long as my reasoning wasn't clear. I didn't want them coming after her because of me. I quickly thought about my options before deciding on a plan. I knew I would not be returning home to Italy tonight, though. Leah's point of view : We had won, and we would live, but I felt as though I had lost. I had thought I wanted to imprint, sort of. I wanted, need to forget about Sam, but I didn't want to be forced to love someone. I wanted to fall in love the normal way, to choose to spend my life with someone. Now that it had happened, a part of me rejoiced that I could now think of Sam and not feel an ounce of pain or regret. I could think of Emily without feeling the heartbreak at the thought of her being better than I was. Maybe now we could become close as sisters again. I felt sick as I looked at my imprint, my vampire imprint that happened to be a part of the Volturi, the worst of the worst. His red eyes looked into mine, and my heart clenched at the thought of him being part of the Volturi. He'd hurt countless people, innocent people that should've died of old age. I doubted he'd care about me, and he would return to Italy, totally unaware of me, taking my heart and soul with him. I then turned and ran toward the woods without any destination in mind. I felt grateful that I was the fastest runner of the group, even with our new additions. I could feel the surprise of my pack mates as they realized the reason of my sudden departure. I just hoped they wouldn't provoke the Volturi into a fight because of this. This freak imprint wasn't their fault, and they didn't need to start a fight over it when we just got out of their clutches. I ran as fast as I could to the cliffs of First Beach, I knew they would find me here, but I didn't care. I loved coming here because it was the one place I could come to get a clear head. I phased and curled up under a tree not carrying who found me and saw me without clothes on. I started to cry. This moment should have been happy, but it wasn't. My world was still torn apart by the aftermath of meeting with the Volturi. I cried until I felt numb and my eyes were dry. I curled further into myself and just lied there for who knows how long until he showed up. Felix's point of view: I managed to get away. In our travel, it wasn't unexpected for one or a small group of us to go hunting. I claimed that I needed to hunt, glad when no one went with me. It must have been fate, not that I believed in that kind of thing. I ran through the woods, unsure of how to proceed. I knew I would have to get through the rest of the pack though, and I knew that they could kill me if they wanted. I had to find her. There was an ache in my chest from being apart from her even though we had yet to interact. I made my way toward where I knew she would be. It was like there was this weird draw I had to her. In my mind, I imagined what she would look like, what she would say, what her personality would be like, and any other quirk that she may have. To my surprise, I didn't meet any of her pack or the Cullens. Using my pull to her, I ended up on the cliffs overlooking the ocean. I looked for her found her curled under a tree. My eyes scanned her body. Normally I would have lingered over every aspect of the nude female body, but I couldn't help but focus on her behavior. Her arms were wrapped around herself, she was shaking, and I knew the shaking wasn't from the cold. I stepped toward her, and she looked up at me. Leah's point of view: I could smell and hear him as he walked toward me. I didn't want to look up at him, but I couldn't help myself. We stared at each other for a long moment. I could tell he was debating about something: what about I had no idea. Without thinking, I stood, ignoring the fact that I was naked. I slowly walked towards him, while his eyes traveled from my toes to my eyes, where they stayed. He was tall, way taller than anyone I'd met. His large frame towered over me. My eyes stayed on his though. They were red, but I didn't notice that. He was looking at me like Sam looked at Emily, the look I thought I'd deserve from him, something that was never mine in the first place. In that moment I knew, I knew , that everything was right. He was right. There was nothing to worry about in our relationship. Anything about his past didn't matter because he came on his own. I knew that he would change his diet habits for me. I didn't know exactly how it happened or why, but I felt myself being wrapped up in Felix's arms. I wrapped my arms around his waist and laid my head on his chest. I could feel his huge muscles through his thick clothes. His large hands traveled up and down my back. We were silent for a long moment before I pulled away far enough to look into his eyes and moved my hand to his smooth cheek. "How did you know?" I whispered. "I had to make you mine," he said honestly, his eyes were filled with that desire. "I had to know you." "I want you too," I whispered. "More than you know." "I think I have some idea." He grinned down at me. His arms wrapped around me further, pulling me against him again, and I was surprised at the fact that his cold body didn't bother me. His cold skin sent shockwaves through my body, as if it was tuning itself to his body. I knew then that this unnatural imprint would work out. His past didn't matter and I knew that his hunting patterns would change. Any worries I had melted away. I laid my head on his chest when I heard them. Contentment flowed through me as he held me close to him. I could feel a humming travel through his body. Our moment, however, was broken when I heard my brothers running toward us. I cursed and looked up at his face again. "Here," he said, pulling off the red cloak that hung across his broad shoulders. "Thanks," I said giving him a weak smile. I pulled the cloak around me, feeling tiny in it. "I like you in my clothes," he said huskily. "You had better not let my brothers hear you say things like that," I whispered. "Why not?" "They are bound to be mad about this," I said, gesturing between us. "We'll be fine," he said, cupping my cheek. "I'm not worried about that." At that moment, I wanted to pull him into a kiss, but I didn't want the moment to be ruined by my pack brothers on some mission to try to 'save and protect' me. I heard my brothers shift before they walked over to us. I was glad it was just our pack of Jacob, Seth, Embry and Quil. In a weird way, we had grown close during the time we had been infested by vampires while we awaited the Volturi's arrival. I was surprised when Edward stepped out from the woods behind my brothers. Jacob and Seth glared at Felix and I placed myself in front of him which earned a growl from Seth. I frowned at Seth; it wasn't like him to growl at someone like that, especially since he was the vampire-lover of the group. "So it's true?" Jacob asked, blinking at my stance in front of Felix. "Yes," I said folding my arms across my chest. Not that they could tell with me draped in the cloak. "But him ?" Seth asked venomously. "You know what he's a part of and what he's done. He isn't like the Cullens, Leah." "I know that Seth," I argued back. "I wouldn't have imprinted, though, if he wasn't going to change, if he wasn't right for me. You should know this." Seth glared at Felix before looking at the ground. "He's interested in her," Edward said to Jacob, "and he was thinking about leaving the Volturi even before today." "I still don't trust him," Seth said folding his arms. It wasn't like him to be so angry. "You shouldn't be with him." "I don't think that is up to you," Felix said, speaking up for me. "It's not up to you, either," Seth shot back. I could see Seth shaking. I grabbed Felix's wrist, which caused Seth to curl his hands into a fist. "Get away from my sister," Seth said in a low voice, who was close to phasing. "It's up to her," Felix said retorted.