Nessie's point of view: I sighed as I stood up to go to the bathroom again for the third time tonight. I slowly walked to the bathroom so I wouldn't bump into anything. I felt the baby roll around in my stomach, making me grin like crazy. It had just started to move, and I loved the feeling. "Are you awake, little one?" I whispered to my belly. I felt a light fluttering before it stopped. "You're going to wake mommy a lot kicking against my bladder like that, did you know that?" I asked. I giggled when I felt the roll against my tummy again. "Are you talking to yourself?" a voice asked from behind me. Jacob stood at the doorway to the bathroom. "No," I said over my shoulder as I washed my hands. "The baby's moving." "Again?" Jacob frowned as he walked toward me. I used the towel to dry my hands and turned to face him. He put his hands on my hips, pulling me close to him. His brows furrowed together. I traced his eyebrows, smoothing out the wrinkles that said he was worried. I put my hand on his cheek. Why are you worried? "I just … worry because," he whispered, "I keep thinking of how sick your mom got." "You and Daddy are so similar sometimes," I muttered, pushing past him to get back into bed. "I think going through the pregnancy with your mom still stresses us out," Jacob explained. "IF you had to go through that too, I don't know …" "But I'm not." I crossed my arms as I sat on the edge of the bed. "I know, but what if …" "It's only one-fourth vampire." I cut him off, "and I'm stronger than Mom was." "Just normal for imprints to worry." Jacob crawled back into bed, yawning. "Leah didn't have any complications." I turned toward Jacob, raising an eyebrow. "She had to be on bed rest and slept all the time. Felix was always on edge." I yawned. I was exhausted still, even though I'd gone to bed early. Lying down, my eyes grew heavy. Jacob's big hand came to touch my rounded belly. I sighed as his large hand cupped my flesh. "What time are we meeting Carlisle?" Jacob asked. "At ten." I grinned. "Are you ready to find out if it's a boy or a girl?" "Mmhmm, and you know he's a boy." "That's the same thing my mom said about me." Grinning, I burrowed into his arms. "Night, Ness." He kissed my lips before falling asleep. I sighed as I fell into a deep sleep. Moments later, I felt Jacob's warm lips kissing my forehead. I pushed him away and rolled over, intending to go back to sleep. "Ness, it's nine." Jacob's warm arm wound around me. "We need to get going." I groaned. "How am I still tired?" "Because you're growing my child." Jacob's warm breath tickled my ear. "I like the sound of that," I said, not caring if I sounded like a sap. "You owe me a nap then." Jacob laughed. I sighed as I turned over and rested my head on his chest. A deep rumble came from under my ear as I intertwined our hands. "Do you want me to go start the shower?" he asked after a long moment. "I guess." I moaned. I rolled over again and sat up, my bump slowing my movement. "Make it hot as it can go," I called as Jacob went into the bathroom. "Of course." He grinned at me over his shoulder, making me melt. I loved that grin, and it was part of the reason why I was pregnant now, too. I pulled my socks off my swollen ankles. I flexed my feet, grimacing at the fact that I had three more months to go of swollen, painful feet. I entered the bathroom, pulling off my pajamas and panties, and put them in my drawer next to the shower so I could grab them easily tonight. The bathroom was full of steam, making the mirrors fog up. Jacob stood at the sink, brushing his teeth. I stepped into the shower. Hot water ran over my body, and I sighed. I loved how relaxed I felt from the shower, and I'd been very tense, especially in my lower back. Grandpa said it was because I'm so petite. I finished my shower quickly, wishing I had more time under the hot spray, but at the same time I felt eager to find out the gender of the baby. I dressed in a simple, comfortable outfit-one of Jacob's t-shirts and jeans. I knew that I'd get an ear full from Aunt Alice, but I didn't care. I poured Jacob and I bowls of cereal and started eating my meal slowly. "Cereal again?" Jacob asked. "You know I don't feel like cooking." I narrowed my eyes at Jacob. "You can cook next time." "Okay, okay." He sat heavily in his seat. "Just wanted something more." "I'm sure Grandma will have something ready." "I'm sure she will, but hopefully Brady will leave me some." "You sure are whiny when you're hungry." I rolled my eyes. "You knew what you were getting into when you moved in." Jacob winked at me. I couldn't help but laugh. We ate our breakfast, discussing baby items and my plans for the wedding. When finished, we put our bowls in the dishwasher and I quickly put on my shoes, my baby bump getting in the way. I jumped in the car with my purse, excited to learn the gender, and hopefully they weren't being shy today. On the way over, the baby started to kick up again. My fingers pressed into the spot where they movement was. "Is the baby kicking again? Jacob asked when we stopped at a light. "Yes, here." I picked up his large hand and placed it where the baby was kicking. A big grin crossed his face. He looked beautiful. "I can't believe we're having a baby," he whispered. "I know." Tears filled my eyes, and Jacob leaned forward to kiss me. "I love you, Ness," Jacob said, against my lips. "I love you too." A car honked behind us, making me jump. Jacob drove forward, keeping his hand on my belly. We pulled into Grandma and Grandpa's house, where Mom was waiting out front. As soon as the car stopped, she was by my door, and I opened it to give her a hug. I'd always been close to Mom, but I missed her more than normal since I became pregnant. "Mom." I breathed in her comforting sent as I hugged her. "I missed you so much." "Me too, sweetie." Mom kissed my hair. I put my hand on her cheek, Isis he better today? I asked through my gift. "I'm not sure." Mom sighed as she pulled away far enough to look at my face. "He's so stubborn." "I just miss him too," I whispered. "He's going shopping with us today. There's hope I suppose." I nodded. The baby kicked against me. "Hey now, don't kick Grandma," I muttered. "Does the baby do that a lot?" Mom asked, touching my belly. "It's starting to move more and more." I laughed. "I think it likes being a part of things." Mom laughed too. "Come on, we'd better go. I hear your grandfather turning on his equipment." "Will you come with me?" I asked. "Of course." "Grandpa thinks we'll be able to tell the gender today," I said, holding Mom's hand as we walked inside. "Oh I hope so." Mom squeezed my hand. "You seem excited." "I'm so excited, Mom." I squeezed her hand back. "Aunt Alice is going to help me with the nursery when we get back from the honeymoon." "I'd love to join you." "Oh, you have to, Mom." Mom wrapped her arm around my waist. We approached Grandpa's office, where he waited for us by the doorway. "Good morning, Renesmee," Grandpa said. "Morning, Grandpa." I stepped out of Mom's hold to give Grandpa a hug. "How's my girl today?" he muttered in my ear. "Tired, but good." I squeezed him tight and sighed. "I think you came just to hug me today," Grandpa said after I stood hugging him for several moments. "Can't help it. I'm hormonal and want to hug my Grandpa." I shrugged and laughed as I pulled way. He laughed too. Come on in. Let's see if you're having a girl or boy." "Hopefully it isn't feeling shy today," I said. "I'm sure we'll get something, my dear." I hopped up onto the exam table and pulled up my shirt. "You've gotten bigger," Grandpa said, measuring my belly with his tape measure. "I said the same thing and got my head bitten off," Jacob said under his breath. "That's because you said fat and you didn't have a tape measure," I replied as Jacob stepped up next to me. Jacob snorted as we watched Grandpa write down his measurements. "Now for the exciting part." Grandpa pulled out his ultrasound machine. After pouring get onto my belly, he put the monitor to it. I bit my lip as the screen showed my baby. The heartbeat came thumping on the screen. "The heart sounds strong," I said to Grandpa. "It does. A little fast, but that's to be expected." "And they grew too," I said. "The head got bigger." "Yes, there." Grandpa pointed. "I still don't know how you two can read these," Jacob muttered. "I've been doing this for centuries, and Ness has helped with how many pregnancies now?" Grandpa asked. "About thirty-five." I shrugged. "I'm looking forward to getting back into being a midwife again when this one's old enough." "Oh I think we have a clue as to what you're having." Grandpa moved the monitor around. "Oh, oh, I was hoping that … oh, Grandpa," I said, tears filling my eyes and my voice breaking. "What?" Jacob asked. "What do you see?" "We're having a girl." Tears fell down my cheeks. "We're having a little girl, Jake." "Oh, baby." He kissed me. "I love you so much." "I love you too." He brushed my tears away as he held my hand. Grandpa cleaned my belly, squeezed my shoulder, and said, "I'm going to print out your pictures, sweetie. I'll be right back." I adjusted my clothes and sat up. "Mom, I'm having a girl," I said reaching my hand out for her. "Oh, I can't wait to meet my little granddaughter." Mom beamed, moving next to me. I hugged her tight as she held me. I'd never been happier. "Here are your pictures, Ness." I let go of Mom and saw Grandpa holding pictures in his hand. He handed me three of them. The top one was of her head. "Oh, I'm going to frame this when I get home," I said. "Look, Mom! Here's her head." "I hope you made copies, Carlisle. I'd like to have pictures of my granddaughter, too," Mom old Grandpa. "Of course. I made extra or Esme would kill me, and I thought you'd like them too." Grandpa handed her three pictures as well. "I'm going to go show Aunt Alice and Aunt Rosalie," I said, hoping down off the bed. I made my way downstairs to find Aunt Alice and Aunt Rosalie sitting at the kitchen table. Arian, a hybrid who Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Emmett adopted, sat in Aunt Rosalie's lap, coloring in a coloring book. Next to the book sat a picture of her and Uncle Jasper reading a book with a little white dog. "Ness, I read with Charlie," she said, holding up her picture. In the picture a small, white dog sat next to them, while Arian read a book as she sat in Uncle Jasper's lap. "Oh?" I asked, looking at Aunt Rose, who was grinning like crazy; she was crazy about her daughter. "Where was this?" "At