This is the sequel to Unusual Imprint, which you don't have to read first, but I recommend it. From Arian's point of view: My eyes opened and fear rushed through me. I was here in the bad room again. I didn't allow myself to cry out like I wanted. I stayed quiet because Leo made me promise. He said that if I cried, Father would hurt me even more. This dark room meant that Father would be running his experiments again. Father told me that Leo and I were created to make vampires stronger and to destroy evil creatures like the wolves. His experiments hurt a lot, and the room was always a place where I experienced this hurt. I wished I wasn't here. I wished I could be with my brother, Leo, and he would protect me from Father. I also wish I could see the kind lady with long, blonde hair like mine. She would bring food to Leo and me after we got out of the bad room. Sometimes even the kind lady would hold and sing to me, which would always make me feel better. She would make me feel warm inside. I wanted to go stay with the kind lady and Leo, and there would be no more experiments. I held my breath as a tall male vampire entered the room. He came up to me, and he placed a large stick into my arm. He pressed down on the end, pushing something into me. It always started like that. Leo said they were injecting something into our bodies to test us and see if it would make us stronger. The pain spread through my body, and I couldn't think of anything else. My body felt very hot, and soon I'd be hot all over. I was so scared, and big tears rolled down my cheeks. My body began to hurt everywhere. I imagined Leo holding me so I could feel calmer. The burning spread throughout my body causing me to curl up into a ball. I ached so badly that I fell asleep so I didn't have to feel anymore. When I woke up again, Leo sat beside me on the small cot I had. My body was sore all over, and I knew it would take days for the aches to stop. Leo looked worried. His long blond hair, which resembled Father's and mine, fell forward, hiding his face. "Leo?" I whispered. "Are you feeling all right, Arian?" "I fell asleep again," I told him softly. I saw his jaw working, and I wasn't sure what he was thinking. He always became quiet after I came out of the room. "We have to get out of here," he said for the hundredth time. Leo always said that, but I knew Father wanted us to make the vampires stronger. "I'll think of a way," he whispered, looking at me, and promising. "I'll find away to save you." "Hold me, Leo." His eyes softened. He picked me up in his warm arms, and I laid my head on his chest. My body relaxed a little in his arms. I loved being held by Leo. He made me feel safe, and I knew he would take care of me. His warm body helped my aches feel better, too. I relaxed further as he ran his large hand over my back, and I soon fell asleep. That night I dreamed of a golden-haired woman who rocked and sang to me. She kissed me on my forehead and told me I was safe. A large man with dark hair entered the room, and I was a little scared of him, but I knew he would keep me safe. Mommy and Daddy. Those words echoed in my mind as the dream ended. Rosalie's point of view: Carlisle, Emmett, and I ran through the forest, following the scent of deer. I could smell their blood as we got closer, and the venom pooled in my mouth. Running faster, we came across the herd. I enjoyed hunting since it gave life some variety, and we got to use our rare speed and strength at full force. We each took down a deer, and we quickly drained their blood. I stood, wiping the blood off my face before my husband or adopted father could see it. I then smelt something … different from anything else I had smelled before. The scent was similar to Nessie and Leah's children, but it smelled off, like the blood had been diluted by something else. I inhaled deeply, breathing in the scent again as Emmett stood, wiping the blood from his mouth. Carlisle did the same, and his eyes were the caramel color that showed we had just fed. I took another deep breath and the strange smell again hit my nose. "Do you smell that?" I asked. "Smell what?" Carlisle replied, and Emmett gave me a strange look. "Don't you smell it?" I asked. "I can't put my finger on it, but …" I trailed off as Carlisle and Emmett stared. "Maybe an animal you haven't come across before?" Emmett suggested. "I don't think so." I rolled my eyes at him. I knew I wasn't crazy. "If you say so, babe." "We should head home," Carlisle said. I nodded in agreement, although my heart was insisting that I go toward the unusual smell. I felt as if I had to see what was behind the odor. We ran again, and I was surprised that the smell was getting stronger. There was no way they could miss it. "Please tell me you smell that, too," I said. Carlisle nodded, his brows furrowing. We slowed to follow the scent instead of taking our usual path home. The smell continued to grow stronger as we ran. Carlisle then stopped abruptly. I gasped as I stepped up next to him. A two-year-old girl curled up on the ground looked up at us with large blue eyes that were filled with fear. Her hair, skin, and clothes were covered in filth. I could tell she was half vampire, half human from her scent and heartbeat. However, there was a big distinction in her scent. She shivered from the cold weather, snow, and lack of clothing, because she only wore a thin shirt and pants. There were no shoes on her feet, and many small cuts covered them. Where did she come from? "Hello," Carlisle said gently, and the girl flinched. "We won't hurt you." The girl clutched her shirt as she looked at Carlisle. She seemed frightened of him. Her large eyes turned to me, and they were pleading with me. Carlisle took another tentative step toward her. The girl whimpered and seemed to be bracing herself for something. The girl's eyes shot back toward me. In that moment, my heart broke for her. She was obviously scared, and I wanted to do anything to take that fear away. Where were her parents? Shouldn't they near to protect and care for her? She shouldn't be in the middle of the woods or look as unhealthy and as neglected as she did. "Rose, maybe you can …" Carlisle said looking over his shoulder at me. "You want me to …" I asked, not understanding him. "She seems to be afraid of me. Maybe you can approach her and talk to her." I nodded, looking back at the girl. I slowly walked toward her; I didn't want any sudden movements to frighten her. She didn't seem to be afraid of me like she was of Carlisle. I knelt down next to her. "What's your name?" I asked. "Arian," she whispered. "I'm Rose," I said, and the little girl nodded. "How did you get here?" "Leo." She pointed to the forest. "He hurt." "Leo?" I asked. "He my brother. He runned us away, but he hurt band and told me find nice people." "What happened to Leo?" I asked. "He say he too tired and had to go to sleep for a long time," she said simply. It dawned on me, Leo must've died. Her innocence made me ache further for her since she obviously didn't realize that he was dead. How did these two end up in the forest alone and hurt? My mind searched for answers, but I couldn't find any possible solutions to how Arian or Leo could've gotten here. It was obvious they came from somewhere nearby, how did we not come across them before? My focus returned to the little girl and what steps we should take. There would be no way she would go back to where she was before. The wind blew her smell toward us. There was a strong smell of body odor and urine, and my heart ached for the serious neglect she went through. "Just like the others," I muttered. "Carlisle, do you think she is half, too?" "I think so," Carlisle said. "How did Leo bring you here, Arian?" She whimpered as she stared at Carlisle. Why was she so afraid of Carlisle? He had an amazing bedside manner with many of his patients that caused many to trust him easily, which didn't seem to be the case for Arian. "It's okay, Arian." I said. "He's my father, and he won't hurt you. I won't let him." Arian relaxed a little but still looked afraid of Carlisle. Emmett, sensing the girl's fear, kept his distance. "How did you get here?" I asked. "Leo runs me and him away." "Away from who?" I asked. "Father," she whispered. "I shouldn't say-Father said not to. Leo say it okay when I find good person. Father hurt me and Leo for experiment. For vampire stronger." "Your father did experiments on Leo and you to make vampires stronger?" I asked, trying to make sense of what she was saying, and the little girl nodded. A growl deep in my chest rumbled. I didn't allow it to be too loud since I didn't want to give Arian a reason to be afraid of me. I heard Emmett and Carlisle growl, too. What father would did this to their child? I felt so angry; I wished Edward was her. He would know what the vampire looked like so we could go after him. I also felt like crying for her. She was such a dear child, and someone had done these experiments for his or her selfish reasons. I stood slowly and looked at Carlisle and Emmett. Carlisle looked upset while Emmett looked pissed. "What should we do?" I asked. "We'll bring her home," Carlisle said. "We'll figure out what to do from there." "Should we go find the boy?" Emmett said. "He shouldn't be far off." "We should all head home first," Carlisle said. "We can look for him after we get her cleaned up." "Should we explain that he is …" I asked. "Not yet," he said. "It seems that there are going to be a lot of changes for her." I sighed as I looked back at Arian. She looked so scared and confused. I slowly went and crouched by her again. The smell coming off her almost made me gag. "Would you like to come and live with me?" I asked. "You nice?" Arian asked. "Yes." "You no let them hurt me?" "Never." "Okay," she said, looking as if she wanted to trust us but at the same time was unsure. "Leo come, too?" "He will," I said choosing my words carefully, "but he won't wake up." Tears filled here yes. Instinct took over, and I reached for her. Arian didn't pull away, instead she buried her face in my chest and sobbed. I cradled her close. I felt a stirring in me that I had never felt before. I felt a great amount of affection for her, something that not even my adopted nieces had been able to create. "Shhh," I said. "It's okay. I'm here." We started walking slowly. I kissed her on