This is a short two chapter sequel to Broken Imprint, which I recommend reading it first, and is about Brianna, a hybrid that Carlisle and Esme adopted. Please review. From Brianna's point of view: "I've also got a degree in law from Harvard," Brad said as he inspected his reflection in his spoon. "Yeah," I said. My dad's been there twice, I thought to myself. Cocky, idiot, know-it… "Were you listening?" Brad asked giving me a smile that I guessed was supposed to be charming. "I'm sorry, what?" I said. "I said, now that the bills paid, want to go back to my place?" he asked leaning forward. "No," I said firmly, sitting up straighter. "I think you should take me home." "I gotcha." He winked at me. I don't know why I accepted a date with this idiot, I thought as we stood. He put his hand on my lower back as we walked out the front door, and I elbowed it away. "You okay, babe?" Brad asked. "Don't call me that," I said. "Is there something else you'd like me to call you?" He smirked as he unlocked the car doors and got in without bothering to open the car door for me. It was something Daddy did for Mom all the time. I gritted my teeth as I got into the car. When he started talking about the charity he supported, I stopped listening. After fifteen long minutes he finally got home. "So, are you going to invite me up?" Brad asked wiggling my eyebrows. "I'm sorry, I'm not that kind of girl," I replied. "Plus, I'm not feeling well." I got out of the car and slammed the door. "Oh, playing hard to get, I see," he said rushing up to me and trying to block my path. "I'm not playing anything," I said, gridding my teeth as I tried to step around him. "Oh come on, baby. I just want a piece of …" his hand grabbed my but, and he broke it off when Felix flew the door open with Jasper right behind him. When Brad picked me up for my blind date, I was afraid they'd play the big brother card before my date even started, but now I wished they had. "I don't know if you got the hint, but you need to leave her alone," Felix said in a low voice as he cracked his knuckles. "Come on in, Brianna," Jasper said. "We'll take care of this kid for you." I giggled as the blood drained away from Brad's face. I followed Jasper inside as Felix stood outside. "Come on, don't I get your number at least?" I heard from behind me as I stepped onto the porch. I turned to go after him and beat some sense into him, but Felix was faster. He started to charge Brad at a human pace with his fists clenched, causing Brad to scream like a girl and jump in his car. Jasper and I doubled over in laughter as Brad drove away. "Oh, I don't know how I didn't strangle him," I said, rubbing my temples as we stood on the porch. "You shouldn't be dating anyway," Jasper muttered. "You sound like Daddy." I frowned at my brother. "Well, if there are guys like that out there …" Felix muttered. "You're not helping." I swatted Felix. "Sorry, have to take Carlisle's side and help him protect our …" Felix trailed off and looked out at the forest, just to my left. "What is it?" I asked, since my sight, smell, or hearing wasn't as strong as theirs. "I don't know," Jasper said. "Carlisle, Edward?" Dad and my other brother came out through the open door and walked to the railing. "Who is it, Edward?" Jasper asked for our benefit. "I'm not sure, but, oh!" I caught the glance that he shot back at me. "Who is it, son?" Dad asked. "Wait a minute," Edward muttered as I finally saw who it was. My hands flew to my mouth as I gasped. I didn't even think … couldn't even imagine. "Tiana?" I whispered before asking louder. "Tiana?" "Brianna," Tiana smiled sadly at me and put her hand on her belly. My eyes widened, but I ran down the stairs to hug Tiana. My younger sister pregnant ? The sister who looked just like me; long strawberry, waist length hair, slim body, and similar facial features. My new life and world was colliding with my old one. I didn't even know she was still alive after my vampire father had kidnapped, beaten, and nearly killed me before I was taken in by the Cullens. I'd assumed that my half siblings had been killed when my new family came. I wrapped my arms around her and started sobbing. "I'm sorry," she whispered as she wrapped her arms around me. "I'm sorry I couldn't tell you." "It's okay." I pulled away from her and brushed away my tears. "I felt like I need to be honest with you though." Tiana brushed away her tears away too. "When Father went to get you, we ran away because we knew what he was going to do if we stayed." "We?" I asked. "Yeah … Billy and I," she said naming a son of another vampire and fellow hybrid. "Billy?" I asked dumb founded. "We kind of fell in love," she whispered. "And we … we were afraid that if …" "And you were afraid Father would find out?" I confirmed. "Yeah, and this is how this happened." She gestured toward her belly. "But that doesn't explain why you're here, now after all this time …" "We aren't ready to be parents," she explained looking over my shoulder, and her gaze fell on Dad. "We wanted a better life for our baby, so we were hoping that we could work out something." "I think that'd be something for us to think about," Dad said approaching us. "I'm Carlisle, Brianna's adopted Dad." "Adopted?" Tiana asked, looking at me. "Yeah," I said brushing my hair behind my ear. "He's the best dad. Everything I wished we had growing up." "I'm happy for you," Tiana whispered. "Carlisle, Brianna?" Mom's voice came from the porch. I looked over my shoulder to see Mom standing on porch with a worried, motherly look on her face. "We'd like to help you in whatever way we can, Tiana," Dad said, putting his hand on her shoulder. "Come meet my wife, Esme." Tiana hesitated and fallowed Dad as we walked the short distance to the porch. "Mom, this is my half-sister, Tiana," I said. "Tiana, this is Esme, my adopted mom." "Oh, I'm so pleased to meet you," Mom said, holding out her hand to shake Tiana's. "Thank you," Tiana said, smiling a little as she shook Mom's hand. "Let me know anything I can do to make you feel comfortable," Mom said, putting her hand on Tiana's elbow. "Are you hungry?" "I … I suppose I am." Tiana bit her lip. "Come on," Mom said. "I have some left overs from dinner, which doesn't happen very often around here." "Thank you," Tiana whispered as we stepped into the kitchen. My brothers seemed to disappear to give us privacy as Dad and I followed Mom and Tiana into the kitchen. Tiana and I sat at the large counter. "I hope you don't mind human food," Mom said. "We tend to have a lot of it." "I eat it sometimes," Tiana said. "Not quite used to it though, if I'm being honest." "I understand." Mom smiled at Tina as she put some lasagna on a plate. "Between Briana and our grandchildren, we tend to have a range of interest in eating human food." "Right." Tiana put her hands in her lap. "I … I can't imagine having such a large family …" "We didn't either," Dad said from my side. "I was changed years before I turned Esme or my oldest son, Edward. I didn't imagine how many kids I'd have, let alone grandchildren." Tiana nodded as she accepted a glass of water from Mom. "Thank you." She took a sip as silence fell over the kitchen. "Do you mind me asking if you've had any medical treatment?" Dad asked. "I don't mind." Tiana sighed as she put her cup on the counter. "I haven't had anything done; there wasn't a way I could go to a doctor for care. I did a pregnancy test about a month ago, and the baby has grown quickly. Other than that, I don't know much else." "If you're up for it, I'd like to give you an exam once you're finished," Dad said. "I was hoping I could get checked out soon," she replied. "I'd like to make sure the baby is okay." "What do you want to do … after the baby is born," I asked quietly. "I'd like to give the baby up for adoption." Tiana looked down at her hands. "I … I kind of was wondering about Arian?" "Arian?" I asked. "Yes … Father made is sounds like she'd been taken in and adopted by the family?" She looked at Carlisle. "Yes," Dad replied. "My oldest daughter took her in and adopted her with her husband, and they are very happy together." "Would it be okay if I talked with them?" Tiana asked, leaning forward. Why would she want to talk to Rosalie? I thought. Mom and I shared a look. "I'll run it by them," Dad replied calmly. "For now, I'd like to have you settle in and discuss what your plans are in the morning. We need to focus on the health of you and your baby." Tiana nodded and took a bite of food. "This is delicious, Esme." "Thank you." Mom smiled widely; she loved taking care of people. Tiana ate quickly as I asked her a few questions from where she was staying to money to jobs to my upcoming graduation from beauty school. When she was done, I followed Tiana and Dad up the stairs to his large study. Half of the walls were lined with floor to ceiling book shelves while the other half was the vast array of medical supplies Dad accumulated. In less than a minute, Dad pulled out a medical table, where Tiana sat awkwardly, waiting for directions. He pulled out an ultra sound machine and a heart monitor that I saw him use when Ness was pregnant three months ago. "We may not get to see anything," Daddy said. "The membrane maybe too thick to see, which happened during two other pregnancies." "How will you know they're okay then?" Tiana asked, her brow furrowing. "Through the heart beat and the old fashioned way of checking," Daddy explained. "By feeling your tummy, which I've been able to get an accurate feel." Tiana nodded, but still looked worried. "Lay back please and lift up your shirt," Dad asked, and Tiana followed his directions. Her belly was covered with some bruising. "How are you doing with the movements?" Dad asked when he caught sight of the black and blue marks. "It's just a little uncomfortable." Tiana shrugged. "Guess it's the human side of me that bruises easy." "Hmmm," Dad said as he pushed some buttons on a machine. "Some of the previous pregnancies, the other's got huge bruises. The worst was Bella, who was human at the time." "Really? She survived too?" Tiana raised her eyebrows. "Yes. My son put his venom in her right after." Dad held up a clear bottle with some gel in it and turned it upside down. "This will be cold." Tiana nodded as he squeezed some of the gel onto her belly. Placing the monitor onto her belly, he pushed it around. A fuzzy image came onto the screen. "Just as I feared; I can't get a clear image, which means we'll just get a heartbeat." He cleaned up the monitor before going to what