"Primrose Everdeen." Effie Trinket calls out on stage. I don't move. I can't move. One slip of paper in the hundreds has decided my death.I was only in there one in my family can volunteer because they're too old.I start to walk forward. "NO! NO! NOT MY BABY!" my mum calls out. "PRIM! NO!" Katniss screams. I run to hug peacekeepers hold me back. Katniss and mum try to get to me. They're held back too. One of the peacekeepers throws me over their shoulder. "NO!" I scream. Effie Trinket looks startled. I thinks her wig is falling off. The peacekeepers drop me on stage.I stand up. I put on a blank face even though all I want to do is Trinket reaches into the glass ball. "And now the boys." Effie says. She pulls out one slip of paper. "Edmind Hawthorne." She calls out. Silence. Gale's little brother starts walking to stage "WAIT! NO! EDMIND!" Gale yells."I VOLUNTEER! I VOLUNTEER! I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" Edmind starts telling him no and Gale pushes him behind himself. The peacekeepers start to grab at Edmind. "NO GALE NO!" Edmind screams again. Me and Gale shake hands. A tear rolls down my face. I look into his deep eyes and see complete sadness. This was Gale's last year in the reapings. Katniss finished last year because it's a rule girls finish one year earlier. This was my first year. I know I am not going to win. I am going to die. Haymitch our drunken mentor staggers on stage. He comes over to shake our hands but instead he falls head first off stage. "And those are our tributes from District 12" Effie says. The crowd clears and Effie whisks us into the Justice Building. I'm shoved into a room. This is the last time I will see my family.I sit on the velvet couch. Next to the couch is a side table. There are chocolates in a bowl. It is one of the most expensive delicacies in District 12. The door opens and Katniss and mum hurry in. "You have five minutes." A peacekeeper says. "Mommy." I cry and they run to me. We all hug so tightly. Katniss is crying. "I'm sorry... I'm so sorry..." she cries tears draining. "Oh Honey... I love you..." Mum says. We all just sit there hugging in fear. I cry non-stop. They know I'm going to die. This is how we say goodbye. The peacekeeper comes in a few minutes later. "Remember what I taught you! I love you!" Katniss screams as they drag her out. "I love you honey!" Mum screams. "I love you to!" I scream to them. Mum throws me a book before she's dragged away. When the peacekeepers are gone I pick up the book and flip through the pages. It is the family book where generations have drawn plants described what you can use them for and what's edible. She must want me to use this in the arena. I don't really know how to hunt Katniss has only showed me a few times so I will have to use this book. Stuck in the back cover is our family heirloom. The mockingjay pin. I put it on as my symbol of our district. Effie comes and gets me and takes us to the train station. I see the biggest train pull in as we arrive. Effie takes us on board and leads me to my room. The train starts to leave. "There are clothes in the dresser for you to change into. Dinner's in an hour."She says with a smile. I start by taking a bath. I spend as much time as I can blowing bubbles and then I get out 10 minutes before dinner. I dress in black leggings and a purple t-shirt. I still have more than five minutes til dinner so I lay down in bed. I put my face into my pillow. I scream as loud as I can. I cry hard into it. I hear someone come into my room but I don't move. They sit down and start stroking my hair. I turn my head so I can see them. It's Gale. He was always like a big brother to me. I see a tear sneak from his eyes. I sit up and hug him. He picks me up and holds me like a baby. Rocking me back and forth. This is his way of saying goodbye. He lays me back down. He turns away and leaves my room. I get up, wash my face and head to the dining car. The dining car is HUGE. I have never seen so much food. There is orange juice, rice cakes and peanut butter, lamb stew on rice with dried plums, teriyaki chicken skewers and rice, every type of pie, and a cake that says 'WELCOME TRIBUTES'. Plus tons more that I can't name. I sit down across from Haymitch and Effie. I serve a small portion of lamb stew to myself.I finish it almost instantly! It is so good! I serve myself a medium size portion of the lamb stew again. I also grab some cheese buns and hot cocoa. Gale suggests dipping some of the bun into the hot cocoa. This puts a disgusted look on Effie's face but I try it anyway. Gale suggested right because it was absolutely delicious. I finish up that round of lamb stew and take a piece of pie and cake. Both are the sweetest things I've ever tasted. I drink another cup of hot cocoa and take another half slice of cake. I try some peanut butter to. I've never had peanut butter before but I like it. I finish all my food and realize I'm stuffed full. I've never been full before. I've never eaten this much before even when Katniss brings home a rabbit we have to save it for three nights. I remember when she brought home a deer we ate a normal size meal and turned the rest to jerky before it went bad. Before today that was the most food I'd had. I look out the train window and see we are arriving at The Capitol. It's the biggest buildings I've ever seen. There are people crowding the station. I run and get my reaping outfit and my pin. I put the pin on. The train stops. The doors open. I wave and smile at people. I'm not really happy but I will need sponsors. Effie and Haymitch lead us out through the crowd and takes us into one huge building. The Training Center. It's here where you go through training and get a score. The score helps you get sponsers if it is good. If it's bad you're out of luck. This is also where your housed until The Games actually start. We are staying on the top floor. Floor 12. I am taken to a room and am met by an Avox changing out the sheets. I recognize her. Who is she? Then I remember. She lived in District 12. It's Greasy Sae. She used to make soup with all sorts of weird stuff. She was reported by a new batch of Peacekeepers. They took her to The Capitol and cut her tongue out. Like they do to all the Avox. She is frightened at the sight of me. We knew each other well. Basically friends. I see a few tears fall at the sight of me. I run over and hug her. Even if we were only friends we all join together in The Games. "I'm sorry this happened to you." I tell her. She points at me intending that it's the other way around. It goes both ways. I let go of her. She points to the door and slides her finger across her throat I understand. We could both get in trouble. I lay in bed and only sleep because I'm exhausted. Tomorrow's another day. I wake in the middle of the night.I look at the clock. 1:00 A.M. I get out of bed and step into Floor 12's hallway. It's silent. At the end of the hall I see a door that reads: ROOF ACCESS. I walk silently to it. I open it climb the stairs and step onto the roof. The lights of the city's streets light up the roof beautifully. I see someone with their legs over the side. I walk quietly to them. "Gale?" I whisper. "Prim? Why are you awake?" He asks. "Couldn't sleep." I say. "Can't argue with that." Gale says. "Don't fall." I tell him. He jumps. "GALE!" I yell. Gale starts floating back like some magic force. "Force fields for suicidal tributes." He says with a smile.I run over and sit with him. We're silent. "I'm going to die." I say by accident. "Did Katniss visit you?" I say. "Uh..."He stammers "Tell me what's wrong." I say. I can read people like a book. "Yeah she visited me..." FLASHBACK...(Gale's) Effie whisks us into the Justice Building. I'm put into a room. The visits come and go tears are shed. MY PARENTS...THEN THE KIDS(MY SIBLINGS)... Then Katniss comes in. " Katniss!" I say. " You don't have to go Gale..." she says staring to shed tears. " I do Katniss." I say. " No let's run away. Let's get Prim and mum and throw this chair through the window and just leave run hide anything but this. " She says crying. She stops and looks at me. She bends over and kisses me. "I love you." I whisper under my breath. But she hears me. Katniss' eyes meet mine. They're beautiful grey. I kiss her again. The Peacekeepers come in. "Just one more minute." Katniss tells them. They start pulling her but she fights them. Just before they pull her out and shut the door she yells: "I love you too." "I should have left with her."Gale says. "You can win Gale."I say. I always wanted them together, I think happily. "What about you? I can't let you die. I could never go home with you dead." He says. "What happens, happens you can't change it." I say. "I have to be your alley." he says. "No. I will only keep you from winning. I'm tired. Goodnight." I say as I walk away. I walk back to my room. After I fell asleep I slept hard. No nightmares tonight. Just the deepest sleep. When I wake it's grey outside. I look at the clock 8:00 A.M. I better get up and go get breakfast. Effie will want us on schedule. I run over and knock on Gale's door. "Breakfast time." I say through the door. I run down 12 flights of stairs. There was an elevator but I don't like riding in one. I also don't know how to use one. There is only one elevator in District 12 and it's in the Justice Building. The dining is on the basement level so District 1 can have Level 1. I open up the door to the bottom level. I must have gone to far because this doesn't look like dining. It's a small empty hallway with a light flickering in the middle. I doubt that this is on the elevator panel. To curious, I start walking down the hallway. I open up the door at the end quietly. It reveals a huge room opening up to other rooms. There are jail cells lining the walls. A patient bed stands in the middle of the room. Blood covers the sheets of it. I hold in a scream rising in my chest. I hear faint crying coming from one of the cells. I scan each one until I find the right one. "Effie?" I whisper. "Prim?" She says. "What's going on?" I ask. "Why do think I go to your district and choose the kids to die? They torture every last person. Including me." She says looking faint. "How did you