Between Legends and Lies: The Journey See Disclaimer In Profile... Chapter One: The Beginning The morning of August 27th was a foggy one in the sleepy little harbor town of Tobermory on the Isle of Mull. The dew was heavy on the grassy hillsides and a slight chill was in the air. The hustle and bustle of the morning commuters could be heard as they made their way past the open window of #2 Albert Street. Michael Wallace, resident of #2, often left the window partially open at night for a bit of cool breeze. Michael was a good-natured, eleven-year-old boy of average height with black hair and blue eyes. Michael jumped up out of bed, excited that morning had arrived. Only about a month ago, Michael had received a very important letter. The letter was his acceptance to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Michael knew he was a wizard. His whole family had been witches and wizards. Michael's parents had disappeared shortly after his birth while on an expedition in Egypt and presumed dead, so he was raised by his Uncle Ben. Uncle Ben was a historian that once searched the temples and pyramids of ancient societies for magical artifacts for the Wizarding bank Gringotts. Now he was resigned to work for the Department of Mysteries in the Ministry of Magic. Michael often thought that the disappearance of this parents played a key role in his uncle's current career choice. Today was the day that he and his Uncle Ben were to visit Diagon Alley to collect all his school things. Michael could hardly believe it. He had been driving his uncle crazy for the last two weeks in anticipation of today. Michael dragged on a t-shirt, trousers, and trainers before dashing downstairs. He would stow away his traveling cloak, which was traditional wizard apparel, until they reach Diagon Alley for the they would be commuting with muggles, or non-magical folk, on the way there. "I'm ready Uncle Ben." said Michael as he entered the kitchen. "Very good. We'll catch a spot of breakfast once we reach the Leaky Cauldron." replied Uncle Ben. Uncle Ben stood up, downed his morning coffee, and put on his fedora. He carefully folded a copy of the muggle newspaper around a copy of the wizard newspaper, The Daily Prophet, then placed it under his arm. Unlike some wizards, Uncle Ben had mastered the art of blending into his muggle surroundings. Living in the mixed population of Tobermory, Mull proved easy for some while difficult for others. Those that struggled to blend in were pointed out by muggles as odd and strange. Michael and his uncle fell into step with the morning commuters and headed to a small alley a few miles from Albert Street. There they would summon the Knight Bus. The Knight Bus was a magical bus that could transport a witch or wizard anywhere in Britain. Uncle Ben checked the alley way for muggles upon arrival. Once he was certain all was clear, Uncle Ben simply stretched out his wand in front of him. With a pop and a boom, a triple-decker bus appeared before them. Michael was not fond of this form of travel but it was one of the fastest ways to London. An old man greeted them. "Welcome to the Knight Bus. Where be your destination today?" asked the aging wizard. "The Leaky Cauldron if you please." replied Uncle Ben stepping onto the bus. "Very well. Please have a seat." Michael quickly followed his uncle over to a bench, sat down, then grasped the handle in front of him. "Take it away Stan! The Leaky Cauldron!" shouted the aging wizard. With a nod, the driver pulled back an enormous lever and the bus lurched forward at rapid speed. One moment they were blasting down busy streets with all manner of objects leaping out of the bus's way. The next minute they were in spacious country sides. Michael closed his eyes while his uncle hummed merrily. Soon the bus banged to a stop outside of Glasgow where a wizard got off carrying a large trunk. After that, they again burst forward flying as if with wings, throughout Britain till they reached with another great lurch, the Leaky Cauldron. Michael gladly made his way off the triple-decker bus. "Next time can we please travel by floo powder?" Michael asked his uncle. Uncle Ben sighed, "I told you before Michael, I have to purchase some today while were here from the wizard goods store, House Feathers." Michael knew that his uncle had been working a lot of late hours at the Ministry and hadn't been able get out much. As they entered the Leaky Cauldron which was packed full of people, Michael noticed that the usual barman was not there. Instead, a very pretty barmaid was tending to customers. She was tall with flowing black hair and eyes that sparkled like sapphires. "Close your mouth my boy before you start to drool." chuckled Uncle Ben. Michael felt his face burn as he bit his lower lip in embarrassment. Hopefully, only his uncle had noticed. After a quick spot of breakfast, they pushed their way through the crowd to a room in the back. Once inside, Uncle Ben drew his wand and tapped four bricks in a clockwise motion on the back wall. Immediately, the bricks began to fold into themselves till they formed a high arching entrance leading into Diagon Alley. As Michael and his uncle made their way down Diagon Alley he asked, "Why is there a hidden entrance into Diagon Alley from an all wizard tavern?" "My boy, the Leaky Cauldron may be an all wizard establishment but that does not mean a muggle cannot enter. If that was the case, no muggle born would ever be able to enter to purchase goods." replied Uncle Ben. "On rare occasions, a stray muggle has followed a witch or wizard into the tavern by mistake. For this reason alone, we cannot risk our world being exposed." Michael and his uncle made their way down the cobbled street, window shopping along the way till they made their way to their first stop, Gringotts. Michael did not enjoy his last and only visit to the Wizarding bank. The goblins that run the bank made Michael feel uneasy. They entered the high double doors of the bank which gave an ominous feeling. The famous warning of dyer retribution to thieves was inscribed in gold on a plaque and hung from the ceiling just inside the doorway. The place with its soaring ceilings, sparkling chandeliers, and marble floors might have even been cheery if it wasn't for the goblins. There was nothing cheery about them. Michael and his uncle approached a tall desk at which a goblin sat working over a large book. He looked up at their arrival. "What can I do for you today?" croaked the goblin. "We wish to enter the family vault." replied Uncle Ben. "Might I see your key?" croaked the goblin. Uncle Ben reached into his pocket and pulls out a tiny key then handed it to the goblin which took it with his long fingers. "Very well. If you would please follow me, I will take you there." said the goblin, holding the key up to a light trying to spot a sign of fraud. The goblin hopped down from his stool and made his way down a hallway to a cavern where sat an empty rail car. Michael and his uncle followed. The goblin climbed inside, followed by Uncle Ben and Michael. The tiny rail car spun off down the track passing lower and lower into the cave. Finally, the car came to a screeching halt. "Vault 321" cried the goblin. The goblin and Uncle Ben got out. Michael made to stay in the rail car but his uncle beckoned him to follow. The goblin pushed the tiny gold key into the lock of a large door. A hundred metallic clicks chimed and the door swung open. Michael had not been inside his uncle's vault before. There wa s, of course, gold galleons, silver sickles, and bronze knuts inside however, there was a lot more gold than Michael had expected. But there were other things too. There were cloaks, pictures, and many strange objects Michael had never seen before. "These are the treasures your parents and I found over the years that Gringotts did not care for." said Uncle Ben in answer to Michael's unspoken question. "Goblins have certain taste." Uncle Ben gave a nod to the goblin who returned it. "Are they valuable?" asked Michael. "Some are very valuable." Croaked the goblin. "While we, the goblins of Gringotts Uncle Ben smiled at the goblin. "There was more to treasure seeking than gold for us. We enjoyed it thoroughly. The memories here are priceless." Uncle Ben filled a large pouch with galleons and took a small box off one of the shelves then placed them in his pocket. As they left Gringotts, Michael noticed that the goblins stared, whispered, and pointed at his uncle from behind their desks. "The goblins do not care to much for me my boy." said Uncle Ben in response to Michael's looked of confusion. "I brought much wealth to them in my time. They however, feel cheated that I chose to pursue another career path." "I don't think they care much for anyone." replied Michael. Uncle Ben chuckled as they made their way back up the cobbled street. "Ah, Ollivanders. Take this." Michael's uncle handed him a small bag of galleons. "Go inside and choose yourself a wand. I will be across the way." Michael entered the wand maker's shop which smelt musky. A frail man sat upon a chair behind the counter. Another man bustled about the back of the shop. "And what might I do for you, young sir?" asked the frail man. "I'm here to purchase a wand, sir." replied Michael. "Ah, manners. Rare these days. Step over into the light." An old oil lamp stood upon the counter near where the frail man sat. Michael obediently stepped forward. When he was fully in the light the frail man squinted over his spectacles. He drew an almighty gasp and nearly fell off his chair. The younger man in the back raced forward to steady him. Michael leaped backwards. "Ye okay Mr. Ollivander sighed deeply patting the younger man on the arm. "Yes... I will be alright." Mr. Ollivander turned back towards Michael. "What's your name boy?" "Michael, sir. Michael Wallace. Is something wrong, sir?" asked Michael tentatively. "I thought... I was... mistaken." replied Mr. Ollivander. "No matter. Jeremy, let's find young master Wallace a wand." The young man stepped forward and examined Michael while scratching his chin. Mr. Ollivander however, continued to stare at Michael with a mixture of fear and curiosity. "Right then." said the young man and he turned down one aisle then another. When he finally emerged, he was carrying three rectangular boxes. He laid the three boxes on the counter and opened them. Inside each box was a wand. One at a time he picked up the wands and handed them to Michael. The first wand did nothing when he waved it as instructed. The second caught the cuff of his trousers on fire. The third shot water out the end in a lazy drizzle. The young man gathered them back and fetched more wands for him to try. After one half hour had passed with no luck, Mr. Ollivander spoke. "Jeremy, fetch box number 13." Jeremy shot Mr. Ollivander a funny look then obeyed. He returned with an age worn box. "Try this one Mr. Wallace." Michael took the wand from Mr. Ollivander. Immediately, he felt a warmth in his hand where he held the wand. Michael flicked the wand and a shower of red and gold sparks flew high into the air then rained down landing on the tables and counter tops.