Jason pushed through the large Marti Gras crowd alone, since he had gotten separated with his sister. He had lost her a while ago and they had already planned a meet up place if they should get separated so he wasn't all that concerned. He also knew she wouldn't be either. She was probably off somewhere else in New Orleans, blocks away from the parade by now. The trip to New Orleans was a last minute one but once Thalia had her mind set on something, she pushed through until she got her way. Plus, it wasn't so hard since their rich dad could afford to buy them last minute round trip plane tickets. He kicked aside pieces of food and beer cans and kept his eyes peeled for girls who would flash their boobs for a bead necklace or two. His hunt for a flash of a tit distracted him from seeing what was in front of him. His foot collided against a large crack and his body propelled him forward. This was it. He knew it. This place was packed with people. Once he was down, he'd probably get trampled to death. A sudden grasp around his wrist stopped him from falling though and yanked him back up. "Whoa!" he cried once he realized how close he had come to hitting his head on the pavement. He looked behind him and glanced at his rescuer, surprised by what he saw. He had a messy shag of black hair and paled skin. He was a scrawny thing which made Jason wonder how he had managed to stop Jason from falling. And across his face was a black, haunting mask with dark feathers that came out in different directions. He recognized that mask. "You were on one of the floats from an earlier parade," Jason said, pointing at the boy. The boy rolled his eyes. "You're welcome by the way." "Sorry man I just…" Jason mumbled back though he doubted the boy heard him. "Thanks," he said a little later. "It's a little crazy here." "Your first time here?" the boy asks. Jason nods his head and shrugs his shoulders. "It was my sister's idea. And she's not even here for the parade." "And you are?" the boy asks, crossing his arms. He held the slightest smile on his lips as he looked at Jason. Jason shrugs again. "Not really but I can't think of anything else to do. Just figure I'd walk in that direction." He points to where he had been walking towards earlier. The boy's dark eyes squinted behind the mask. "That's the dumbest idea I've ever heard. That way is Bourbon Street. The crowd only gets thicker." And as if to emphasize the point, some large man bumped into Jason as he tried to get closer to the floats. Jason groaned. "Of course it is." The boy smiled before grabbing onto Jason's wrist again. "Come on, I know a place where we can hang." Jason couldn't help staring at the hand on his wrist before he was pulled through the crowd. When had he agreed to this exactly? The boy expertly weaved through the crowds until it got smaller and smaller and soon the boy was pulling Jason through streets with far less people but still flooding with activity. "Here," the boy said, stopping in front one of the many doors that lined the street. Jason looked up at the sign above the door that glowed in neon lights "Hades' Bar". "As cool as this is," Jason said, his hand being dropped from the other boy's grasp who now used his free hand to put on the handle. "…I'm underage. And you look it too." Yes he did. Actually, the boy looked a little younger than Jason himself, though not by too much. The boy laughed. "It's my dad's place," he said, beginning to pull the door open. "He lets me use the upper level for whatever. Some of my idiot friends are probably up there too. And my sister too." He stopped opening the door, leaving it only half open before looking back and glaring at Jason. "If you touch my sister-" "Whoa! Whoa!" Jason said, putting up his hands in defense. "Dude, I'm not like that. I won't lay a finger on her, I promise." The boy narrowed his eyes at him. He was probably rethinking this whole inviting a total stranger thing. Jason could understand. There were quite a few freaks out in the world. Actually… he probably be rethinking taking an invite from a total stranger thing too. But as the boy nodded his head and pulled the door all the way open and walking inside, Jason couldn't resist following right behind him. The bar was filled with men and women, various members of both genders topless. Heated make out sessions were dotted throughout the bar while others played pool or were downing a beer. Thankfully, the staircase was near the door and Jason was able to quickly leave the atmosphere and follow behind the boy. When they were at the top of the staircase, they were in a narrow hallway with a door on both sides and one directly in front of them. The boy made a move towards the one directly in front of them but he stopped suddenly as voices from the other side reached his ears. "What's wrong?" Jason whispered, standing behind him. "Someone… I wasn't expecting is here," the boy said, taking a step back from the door. Jason turned his head to hear. "Come oooooooooon Bianca. When will my little play thing get here?" "Get the fuck out of here Octavian! He wants nothing to do with you! Heck, no one does!" came a female voice and a sudden crashing and thudding beyond the door. On high alert, Jason moved to enter the room and make sure whoever that girl, Bianca, was, that she was okay. The boy though lifted up his arm and stopped him, shaking his head. "Fine I'll leave you stupid bitch," Octavian yelled back. "Shit," the boy mumbled before grabbing Jason by the collar of his shirt and flinging him into one of the other doors in the hallway, squeezing in next to him before shutting the door. They were in a tight closet and Jason could feel a mop pressed up against his back and his bare leg touching a cold metal bucket. That wasn't the biggest problem though. The closet was small so the boy was pushed up against him. Jason was so sure that he was more concerned with the asshole, who had obviously come for him, finding him than the fact that his front was pushed up against Jason's. They heard Octavian open and close the door of the room he was in before stomping down the hall and down the stairs, muttering words to himself. When Octavian was gone, Jason could hear the boy let out a breath of air. "Sorry about that," the boy mumbled. "Who is that?" Jason asked. "And why is he bothering you?" "He's just this asshole named Octavian. Thinks he's got some sort of claim on me and won't leave me alone." He answered and against his side, Jason could feel the boy's muscles tense up. "He thinks he can just get me in bed whenever he wants." "Oh," Jason whispered. He couldn't say more than that. Because at that same instant the boy's movements caused his side to rub against Jason's crotch and a shot of pleasure ran through him. Curiosity was killing him though and he wanted to know more but settled with his embarrassed "oh" and moved to reach for the closet's doorknob. He froze when he heard a slight whimper come from the boy. Looking down he saw that when he moved, his own leg moved slightly and brushed against the other boy's own crotch. He looked from the door's handle to the boy's face, which he can barely see since the light that flooded through the door's cracks was dim anyway but he could tell that the boy was looking back at him. He could also feel the other boy's heartbeat quicken since his chest was pushed against his own. Jason breathed in for a second before he did what he felt was right. He leaned down and kissed the boy. The response was a muffled sound of surprise before he cautiously began to participate. The kiss didn't last long and when Jason pulled away, he couldn't stop apologizing. He never did things like that. He didn't kiss people without their permission. He didn't do that to people he had just met. But the boy quickly stopped his rambling apologizes by covering his mouth with his hand. The boy then opened the door of the closet and took them into the hallway. He was going to take him into the room where his sister and all those other people were, whose voices he could hear now. He was going to forget the kiss never happened. A pang of disappointment hit him hard and he stepped out of the closet behind the boy. Instead of going towards the middle door, though, where all the other people were, the boy opened the other one and quickly pulled Jason in. The door shut behind him and he was plunged into darkness. He then heard a click and a single light bulb hanging down from the ceiling turned on. Jason saw that he was in a bedroom with only a single bed in the corner. His faced burned as he blushed and looked to see the boy who was standing shyly a few feet beside him. Jason couldn't help but smile at the suddenly flustered boy, especially since he was the one who had pulled Jason in there. He reached over and turned the lock on the bedroom door, just in case anyone tried to get in, and smiled at the dark-haired boy. The boy smiled back before walking forward and crashing their lips together, pushing Jason against the wooden door. Jason was immediately enraptured. He quickly brought his tongue into the action, caressing the boy's tongue with his own. He was an expert at this. He knew just the right movements and was proven right when the boy moaned. This he knew how to do. As a high school sophomore, he'd had plenty of experience. Over the past couple of years he had made out with more girls than he could count. None of them were quite right for him though. Sure he wasn't the type to fuck-and-chuck (in fact he was still a virgin) and he did his best to minimize heartbreak. None of those girls, though, could measure up to the excitement Jason felt know as he kissed this boy he didn't know. A boy whose face was still covered with a fucking mask. The boy had a black T-shirt and jeans on with a large black belt securely weaving through his belt loops. Jason didn't know how far he was willing to go tonight, hell he didn't know if the boy wanted anything beyond kissing. Taking the boys shirt off shouldn't be too bad though. Jason pulled back from the kiss and grabbed onto the front of his shirt roughly and fisting it before giving it a tug, grinning down at the boy before licking his lips as seductively as he could. The boy seemed to get the message before he reached down and started to pull the shirt up. But then Jason was struck with an idea. "No," Jason said, pulling the boy even closer with the fist still clenched on the boy's shirt. He leaned in close to his ear, nibbling it a little at the top and licking the shell. "The mask first," he whispered into his ears. The boy took a sharp intake of breath before letting it all out in a moan which caused Jason's penis to twitch. He then reached forward