Wounded Note: Alright everyone, this is my very first FanFic writing! I'm nervous, but really excited. This will definitely be a longer story. I am all about the development of the story/plots and the relationship between Hermione and Draco (Dramione all the way!) This starts pretty much at the end of HBP. I want to say this now, I do not own any of these characters or anything that has to do with the wonderful world of Harry Potter. I am just a huge fan and I love being in this world, I hate when I have to leave it. Hope everyone enjoys it! Read and review please :) Chapter One: Traitor How much time had passed, he had no idea... he didn't honestly care. He was probably going to be dead soon anyways. His grey, icy eyes were staring back at him as he looked into the mirror. Draco could hardly recognize himself anymore. His once porcelain, smooth skin was starting to gray and his platinum blonde hair looked unkempt and disheveled. That signature Malfoy family pristine shine had been dulled and cracked, leaving him bruised and broken. "What the hell am I going to do?" he hissed through his clenched teeth. For a moment he thought he might be sick again, not that anything would come up this time. He had nothing left in him It had only been ten months since he'd taken the Dark Mark, but in those ten months life had become a living hell he couldn't escape from. As he stood in Borgin And Burkes that night, waiting for the ceremony to begin, he already had the notion to run... but it was too late. That night, he had been given the "prestigious" duty to carry out what most Death Eaters could only dream of being offered. He was given the task... of killing Albus Dumbledore. Everything he had done since then, had been geared toward this moment. Those endless nights of wandering the castle, unable to sleep or eat, attempting to plan the impossible. Not only did he need a plan... but he needed the nerve to go through with it. He was also given the arduous task of letting the Death Eaters into the school. The Dark Lord wanted everyone to know that Hogwarts would be in his control, and he intended to rain holly hell upon it. He thought himself a genius, when he finally figured out how to let them in to the castle. An idea that Salazar himself would have been proud of. Snape had offered countless times to help him with his remaining task, but his damn pride always got in his way. Looking back now, he wished he would have shoved that inherited Malfoy pride aside and taken it. That family pride had been burned into him since the day he was born, along with the idea that blood-status meant everything. Being a pure-blood made him above all those who weren't. This ideal had shaped his whole life, never once having a moment to freely determine the man he truly was. He had always held himself in high standards, knowing his family's name gave him even more of an edge. Most of his life he had been more than willing to join the cause, to rid the world of muggles and Mudbloods... but now... shit... His knuckles smashed the mirror, shattering glass everywhere and he could feel the warm trickle of blood running down his hand. "Fuck" he growled, thinking now about how his actions would affect not only him, but his family too. Draco lowered his eyes from the broken mirror, unable to look at himself anymore. He could admit to himself that he was arrogant, cold and even stubborn... but the one thing he certainly knew he wasn't, was a killer. He had hoped to carry out the plan, smuggle the Death Eaters into Hogwarts, manage to kill Dumbledore and gain his family back in the good graces of the Dark Lord... but he knew that those hopes had gone. With that in mind, he could add another trait to that list of his. He was also now, a failure. He glanced down at his watch, smearing away some of his blood on its face to check the time. "Less than thirty minutes..." he muttered, trying to determine what his next steps would be. The Death Eaters would be waiting to be let in, but if he didn't go through with it, didn't carry out the plan, what then? Surely he would be seen as a traitor, disgracing his family and he knew the Dark Lord would keep his promise on killing him if he failed. He was paralyzed with fear, his hands gripped the ivory sink like a life raft. His blood left a trail of rust colored tracks, and the sickly smell of iron danced in his nose. He had been walking a fine line between darkness and death for months now. While death would be painful and tortuous, at least it would have a quicker end. Darkness on the other hand, would allow him to live, but live a life that felt far more painful then death ever could. Every moment that ticked by was a moment closer to one of those cliffs, he just had to make a choice which he'd jump from. But deep down, he knew which way he would fall. He had known for awhile now, he was just too afraid to admit it to himself. There was no way he could ever go through with killing someone. Death was going to be his fate, and while it would be better than a hollow existence, it was still terrifying. Although death seemed inevitable, Draco had been trying to come up with a plan for over an hour now, possibly to try and run from this double-edged sword. If death was coming, might as well give it his all before it took him. Just what the bloody hell was he suppose to do though? He thought he could let the Death Eaters in, then somehow manage to escape during all the commotion they were intending to rain down upon the school. Maybe he could do at least part of his job, giving his mother some leniency in the eyes of the Dark Lord for her son's failure... he could only hope. His actions would affect her as well. He could give two shits about his father's well being, but his mother's life was a different story. He had a feeling she wanted out just as much as he did, but like Draco, had no way of leaving this life his father had so "graciously" bestowed upon them. It was his father who'd introduced this life to their family, the one who taught him "right from wrong", who told him that blood status was important enough to kill for. Damn him for bringing his life to this point he was at now. Draco knew now he should have figured out life for himself years ago, but at the time, pleasing his parents seemed much more important. Now here his father was, offering his son to the Dark Lord like a bargaining chip. Knowing full well, if Draco failed, he would kill him. He would risk his own son's life to help make up for the mistakes he had made. Damn him With another glance in the shattered mirror, Draco felt the watery burn behind his blood shot eyes. Not wanting to succumb to the terror building inside, he quickly decided that this was his only option and his chance to try and escape. Draco knew that simply letting the Death Eaters into Hogwarts would haunt him for months to come, perhaps even years, knowing full well what they intended to do once inside. But if he wanted a chance of escaping death's cold grasp, to try and survive, this would be the time to run. With a sigh of defeat, muttering "Let's get this over with", he willed himself to put one foot in front of the other and started making his way up to the seventh floor. You failure. "Ron, you better hurry up or I swear I will hex you when you get back here." Hermione was mumbling to herself, slightly trembling as she scanned the Marauder's Map for sings of suspicious behavior. Harry had left hours ago with Dumbledore, and he still wasn't back. Harry had told Ron and her to keep an eye on Malfoy and Snape while he was away, but like she told Harry, it was probably a waste of time. Ron had decided this was the appropriate time to go sneak some food from the kitchen and left Hermione to keep watch. She didn't think there was any real need to worry, but having someone around always made these types of situations a little more... relaxed. She was definitely tense though, knowing that Harry was on a mission that seemed far too dangerous, even if he was with Dumbledore. They had both been doing the same thing for almost an hour now. Snape was making his usual rounds around the castle, starting down in the dungeons, going past the kitchen (Ron of course knowing when it was safe to quickly sweet talk some pumpkin pasties from the House-elves), making his way to the astronomy tower, and was probably about to head down to the Great Hall. Malfoy had been in the Slytherin common room and was now in the Prefect's bathroom. " Bugger ." She shifted slightly in the plush couch in the Gryffindor common room. She heard a slight "clink" in her pocket as the vial of Felix Felicis hit her D.A. Galleon. "Let's hope I don't have to use either of you two tonight", giving a small sigh. Most of her fellow Gryffindor's had already went to bed. It was nearing midnight, and for that she was thankful. The ones that remained up were either too busy snogging off in a dark corner or were too engrossed studying for their O.W.L.s to bother with other people's activities. She didn't need anyone to question her nervous behavior tonight and trying to conceal the map was always tricky. She set the map next to her and was about to pick up her Ancient Runes book to skim over, when her stomach took a slight tumble. Picking the map back up, she watched Malfoy's dot leave the bathroom. She assumed he was heading back to his room, but her heart still decided to accelerate. Her wide, caramel eyes, were fixed on that little dot. Not wanting to blink in case she missed something. Just as his dot seemed like it was heading back to the dungeons, he turned a corner heading towards the staircase and he began to move a bit faster. Hermione's heart sank like a rock. "It's ok," she told herself nervously, "he's probably just... going on one of his midnight strolls." They had been watching the map for weeks now, and Malfoy had taken a long midnight walk around the castle almost every night. Never anywhere in particular, just walking around for hours. She watched him closely, trying to convince herself this was the case. Then, movement down at the opposite corner of the map made her catch a breath, leaving a lump in her throat. "What the-", she could hear the panic in her own voice. Snape's dot was moving very quickly as well. He had his normal route every night, making sure everyone was in their respective areas and not roaming the halls like "skulking little weasels" as he put it. Not tonight though, tonight he was walking quickly to the sixth floor staircase and not down to the Great Hall. He was making his way up to the seventh floor. Malfoy's dot was nearing the staircase as well now, also speeding up to the seventh floor. "What in Merlin's name.. Ron where are you?" she looked up at