It was the lewd appearance that set a spark of lust in the Gloom King. The smooth, glistening, caramel skin that showed through the thin fabric the boy calls his clothes; the toned legs; the soft looking thighs that pushed themselves together, making it look more enticing to touch and leave marks on; the exposed, flat abdomen; the wonderful inward curves between the boy's ribs and firm hips; the slightly wide shoulders that were perfect for placing hickeys; the neck; the luscious, pouting lips; the cute blush; the beautiful, lidded, brown eyes that glowed with both curiosity and timidity under thick lashes; and lastly, the inviting pose showing shyness and anxiety. The few other things that got the Gloom King even more excited were the wolf ears that flicked from time to time, and the tail which swished side to side. Yes. You guessed it. The Gloom King has found himself lusting after a young wolf boy who he met on his way to his lovely witch sister's house. And Nico Di Angelo has never seen any other creature so beautiful and enticing till now. And also, it's his first time encountering a wolf human. "Hello," he said carefully, anxious to take the boy home and ravish him all through the night. "H-Hello, Gloom King," the wolf boy replied softly. Surprised that a human wolf knows him, he asks curiously. "How did you know who I am?" The wolf boy smiled a mysterious smile, his eyes showing a little bit of mischief. He shrugged. "I know a few things . . ." Nico raised a brow. I wonder, he thought. He advanced slowly, careful not to alert the wolf boy into attacking. Luckily for him, wolf boy didn't take a cautious step back and stayed where he was under the old willow tree. "Why is a human wolf such as yourself here? Are you, perhaps, lost?" Nico asked. The wolf boy looked away, exposing his smooth neck. The Gloom King couldn't resist a lustful glance at the body part. "I smelled food," he heard the boy answer timidly, flicking his attention back to the boy's hidden face. And not a second too soon did a small growling sound came from wolf boy's stomach. An amused smile appeared on Nico's blank face as he watched the boy clutch his stomach in an effort to hide and stop its next rumble. Nico reached into the basket that he was carrying under his arm, and took out a meaty chicken leg. The wolf boy perked up, smelling the delicious aroma of smoked chicken, his eyes glued on the tasty treat. "You can have this bit, then," the usually gloomy King Nico offered with a quirked, little smile. The nameless human wolf ignored the dangerous looking curve of the Gloom King's lips and failed to realize that the pale-skinned royal had the look of someone who had trapped his prey. He took the food piece out of the Gloom King's clutches and dug in immediately out of extreme hunger. As he watched in strange fascination, Nico opened his mouth to say, "For a price." The wolf boy paused mid-bite and turned curious eyes on Nico's lanky but proud form. The boy closed his mouth to avoid dripping drool and asked in an uneasy tone, "Wh-what might that be?" Nico felt his blood rile up in excitement as he watched the boy make fidgety movements on his spot under the willow. To Nico, little wolf boy had made himself even more attractive with the way his eyes looked around nervously, and the way his upper teeth bit his lower lip. "You shall serve me for life, in exchange for that piece of chicken," Nico declared, pointing a pale, slender finger at the half-eaten chicken leg. To his surprise, the boy only gave him a mischievous smirk although there was still a shadow of anxiety. "I wonder if serving you for life is a fair way of repaying you for this meat? I do not believe that a high and gracious king of the dead such as you would give food for a measly living creature, especially with the rumors that roam in both the dead and living cities," he said while eyeing the Gloom King with a slight cautiousness, his tail only slightly tucking between his legs although it was still swishing side to side in apprehension. Nico was impressed by the boy's bravery at trying to find a way out of his plan but he would not be spared from the Gloom King's interest so easily, especially now that he has shown a character other than delicious timidity and precious innocence, which is a sense of suspicion and wittiness. Nico does not like naive, innocent people — he thinks they are too easy to manipulate and won't be interesting on the long-run — and although he does not like people being sarcastic to him, he feels entertained at the boy's wittiness. If the Gloom King was to have a partner, he would prefer someone who does not trust a stranger so easily and get themselves in danger because of it. And so, with a little smile — (evil) grin, actually — the Gloom King told the wolf boy of a little bit of his plan for him, "Then, in exchange for that token of generosity, you shall serve me . . . and become my concubine." Or not, Nico can just go and tell him what he wanted to do with wolf boy as long as it sounded royal-ish. The boy blushed darkly, blood heating up in his cheeks. "W-What?" Nico the Gloom King's (evil) grin widened just slightly, excitement running through his veins together with his cold blood, and took a step forward to which the wolf boy stepped back in response. "Do not be afraid, little wolf. I will take care of you. You do not need to know of the reason to my indulgence," he said. The wolf boy stared for a short moment, probably to think of a way out. But it would be useless to go against Nico, the Gloom King. And I heard human wolves cannot turn down anyone they owe, the dark monarch thought to himself. And so, what would the wolf boy do? The boy opened his mouth, still staring into the eyes of Nico, and said with a bow, "I would be honored, then, to serve you, Death King Nico di Angelo. Till my death." Although, Nico noticed there was still a hint of mischievousness and cautiousness in his formal speech. Nico raised an eyebrow but appreciated the easy submission. "I see that you are very knowledgeable in formalities," he remarked. "Are you perhaps from a noble household?" The wolf boy straightened up and gave the Gloom King a mysteriously grim smile, devoid of it's early mischievous air as he spoke, "I would implore you not to ask me of anything related to my background, please." But, however monotonous and threatening the request sounded, the usually insensitive monarch felt that the boy's words came from a deep, dark emotion from within him. "Then, out of respect for your privacy, I will do just that," Nico said, "Now, come. I was about to visit my lovely witch sister in her cottage in the woods." At his new employer's words (or maybe it was lover considering the dark royal told him he would be his concubine), the nameless wolf boy perked. "Do you mean to say that Lady Hazel is your sister, King Nico?" Nico raised an eyebrow. How did this boy know of his sister's name? "Yes, pup. But how do you know my sister's name?" The wolf boy did not like being called "pup" since he felt that he was older than the monarch beside him by at least a year or two, and it was a degrading title to be given, even as a petname. Nevertheless, he responded respectfully, "She and I met a few times because of my clumsiness at concealing myself during hunts. Since then, she would invite me to her cottage for a chat and would give me delicious food to eat whenever I visit." Nico contemplated this new information. Perhaps his sister would have more background knowledge of this creature he was traveling with. I do hope so, he thought to himself. "I see. You have become close, then," he commented. The nameless boy wolf nodded enthusiastically, now being rid of his anxiety as he and his royal companion were nearing the home of his friend. An hour and 20 minutes passed when the traveling duo found themselves in the outer boundaries of their destination. Both were quiet as they trudged through it carefully, wary of the traps lurking around and beneath them — they got used to Hazel's safety measures as they continued to visit her in her cottage — Nico more so than his one-man company. And at last, they reached the homely, one floor house of the Lady Witch, Hazel Levesque. The wolf boy seemed eager to run right through its doors to greet his friend, but he restrained himself out of respect for the Gloom King who was, first and foremost, in a status quite clearly higher than himself. As they walked through Hazel's garden, which was well cared for, they surveyed the newest of the young witch's handiwork. Nico thought, there are new goldfish shaped trees. Is she having one of those moments? He continued to wonder as he walked along. The wolf boy on the other hand, noticed something the dark monarch did not. There's a strange smell, he thought suspiciously. The boy could not mistake it, a man has taken refuge inside his friend's cottage in the long while he has not visited. When they reached the door, Nico pulled out his hand to knock, but it opened by itself. Behind it revealed the owner of the lovely cottage, wearing a velvet nightdress with a shawl to cover her shoulders. There was a smile adorning Hazel's face as she welcomed the two travelers into her home, but it was apparent that she was surprised at seeing the two together. "How are you, brother? And, Leo! How wonderful to see you!" She hugged Nico first and gave the wolf boy a kiss on the forehead. The Gloom King gave his sister a curious look, having a little bit of jealousy burning in him from her being able to be intimate with his newfound love interest and a little more of brotherly instincts taking over him at the act. "Come, come! I will bring you something to eat!" As she ushered the two boys into the living room, Hazel went quickly to the kitchen to fetch snacks. Nico took a seat on the nearest chair and slouched ungracefully on it. Leo, as he now knew is the name of his wolf boy companion, was about to sit on a chair a little farther from his, and so he said, "Concubine, you are not supposed to sit too far from me. Come here," and he patted his lap with a smirk playing at his lips. Leo the wolf boy blushed, looking around for other ways to avoid doing as his future lover said, but to no avail. Nico was waiting and Leo knew that the wolf boy cannot get out of this. However, in an innocently untimely fashion, Hazel Levesque entered carrying a tray of cookies and biscuits. She raised an eyebrow when she noticed her half-wolf friend still standing in the center of her living room. So she asked, "Why aren't you sitting, Leo?" Leo tittered, his tail swishing in an agitated manner, and Hazel knew something made him uncomfortable — his blush had something to do with her revelation. "You were teasing him, weren't you, brother?" Nico did his best to hide a smile behind a look of affrontedness, but his sister didn't buy it. She has known her brother long enough to discern