First year Ted The first time Edward 'Ted' Tonks saw Andromeda Black, she was being sorted into Slytherin, his new friend Hugh Bronson had said she was some kind of wizarding royalty and to stay away, her family was known to hate people with muggle heritage. Of course, being Ted, he didn't listen. When she displayed a magnificent capability in charms on their first class he was too intrigued to stay away. "Wow! That was impressive. How did you do that in the first class?" She turned to look at him with an air of superiority, but he could see her eyes gleaming proudly at what she'd done, and about having someone recognized it. "I just did what the professor asked." "Yeah, yeah, I know, but I have trouble getting used to the idea of magic and here you are being perfect at it on the first day, how did you even know how to say those words!" She raised an eyebrow then and looked him up and down with a little scowl marring her delicate features. "Just because you are not allowed to use a wand does not mean you can't learn magic." She said, all high airs and superiority, and yet he couldn't feel offended, she was funny in her silly aristocratic ways. He smiled at her and her eyes opened for just a tiny fraction. "That's cheating". She scoffed and grabbed her bag and turned to walk to their next class, right at the door she turned around, eyes narrowed. "That's called being a real witch." That did hurt, much more than when her fellow housemates started calling him a mudblood or shoving him when walking down the halls, those were idiots, she wasn't, and yet she thought of him just like the rest. He would prove her wrong. So after days of hard work and endless study lessons he couldn't suppress his cry of joy when Slughorn announced his potion had been the best he'd seen since 1935. And he'd never felt prouder of himself than at the moment his eyes turned to Andromeda Black to see that little surprised smile appear on her face. First year Andromeda Cheating! He called her a cheater. Ha! the audacity of that common muggleborn. And yet he had smiled at her in such a sassy way, not like all those boys and some girls always smiled at her, like wanting something, or afraid they'll offend her, treating her like some untouchable creature. He definitely wasn't afraid of aggravating her, and didn't treat her with any reverence either. When she saw the hurt in his eyes it felt so wrong she resorted to ignore him. It wasn't hard, well it shouldn't had been that hard, seeing as they both were in different houses and had only two classes together, but he turned out to be an obnoxious clown, always joking around with his friend, making all his housemates laugh and forcing her to implement all the mental exercises her institutrice had taught her, to appear as unaffected as possible by his wit. But when his ridiculous cry of joy broke the silence in class after Slughorn's compliment, she couldn't resist the little smile that crept through her lips for the bizarre creature that was Edward Tonks. Second year Ted When Caldwell Yaxley made a ridiculous reverence that looked more like he was trying to pick something from the floor than anything else, he couldn't help but burst into a fit of laughter. Naturally, it didn't sit well with the boy, who turned around and stared at him with disdain. A miniature (well not really miniature, a year younger) version of Andromeda Black was looking at him like he was a dead rat on the road or something, but not Andromeda. She just looked at him like he was an idiot, and he probably was, I mean, Yaxley had more friends than he did, more powerful, crueller, and let's face it, uglier friends. "Laugh all you want, it is obvious you know nothing of courtesy, you little, medieval, good for nothing mudblood." The troll, sorry, the boy said. The smaller, meaner, version of Andromeda just laughed in a high pitched way that made him grimace. "Well, technically, that is how a medieval muggle would behave." Ted pointed out, referring to the silly curtsy. "Who cares about muggles" The Slytherin said, the little one just nodded with a wicked smirk and Andromeda looked away. He turned sharply on his feet and left the hall to retreat to his dorm. Bloody purebloods. When he saw her again reading alone at the library, he decided to show her how a muggle could be chivalrous. He stood up walked right to her, she saw him approach and left the book on the table, sitting straight on the chair like a statue. He tried to choose one of his mother's favorite writers, philosophers, thinkers or whatever to quote, hands shaking at his sides. He made as elegant a bow as he could manage and offered her his hand. She stared at it for a few seconds before taking it with apprehension. He gave her a feather like kiss and then recited. "There is another side to chivalry. If it dispenses leniency, it may with equal justification invoke control." He let go of her hand and turned to leave. "Who said that?" She asked quietly. He didn't look at her, the redness of his face would ruin his actions, but answered her anyway. "Alfred Adler. Just some worthless muggle." Second year Andromeda She thought Yaxley looked ridiculous, but Bella was right next to her, and it wasn't like with Cissa who knew how to keep her secrets, Bella would go right to their mother and tell her all about how unladylike she had behaved if she were to laugh about this, and then she heard Tonks laughing and she wanted to hit him right on the face. It just wasn't fair, the freedom others had. But as expected, Yaxley didn't take the mockery well and started insulting him, bringing up his blood as always. Her sister just laughed, a perfect imitation of their mother, and Tonks made some know-it-all replay that was answered by another pointless blood insult. Merlin, if her mother could read her mind... She was working on her transfiguration essay when he walked into the library and marched to her table, bowed like any Pureblood gentleman would and offered her his hand. Every word her mother embroidered in her brain always went out the window with Edward Tonks and she hated it. She knew what happened to the people in the family that dared adopt different views about blood. Her aunt Walburga was known to be relentless about it. Then he was saying something about chivalry being a way of control and leaving. "Who said that?" And sure enough, it had been a muggle. He left then without looking back, which was good because she didn't want him to see her writing the muggle's name on her notebook. Third year Ted He had finally saved enough money to buy himself a broom, God knew his mother would have never allowed it. He was helping Mike practice for the Quidditch tryouts, he was relatively good at flying but had no interest on the game, just being able to defy gravity gave him a rush worth every galleon. They had been doing some dives when he saw her near the lake looking at the water while her friends probably gossiped about everyone that was anyone. He didn't get that girl, or the inexplicable need he had to actually get to know her. She turned to look at him, like she had heard his thoughts and he had to pull some skills not to crash and break his skull on the ground. She was trying not to laugh when he finally stabilized his broom. Some girl pointed at him and the others laughed and her smile vanished. "Why do you even like her. She's just like all the other snakes." Mike said standing next to him up in the air. "No she's not. She's...kind". His friend snorted. "Kind? The girl is colder than an ice cube." "I know she's...distant, but I tell you she's kind. I can prove it." "I think we should put some money into this." He felt bad about betting on her, but he was betting on her being a good person so it couldn't be that bad. Could it? They had it all planed. They went to the kitchens and convinced the elves to bring her tea and some crackers while she was studying at the library. It wasn't hard to convince them because they loved him, really. She always studied alone for two hours after lunch. Not that he was stalking her or anything like that. They hid behind some shelves near the table she seemed to prefer and waited for the action to take place. She entered on time, sat with an unnatural grace, pulled out her books and started reading, her poise never relenting, even when she thought no one else was there. The little elf appeared then carrying a tray with a little teapot, a single cup and a plate with delicious looking treats, and put it right next to her books. She looked at it confused. "Why are you bringing me this?" It didn't sound necessarily rude, but her voice was lacking the surprise that was so obvious in her eyes. "It's a treat from the kitchens, miss Black." She stared at the tray again and he was starting to believe he would have to pay Micke when the straight line of her lips shifted slowly into a soft smile. "Thank you, that was very kind of you, please send my gratitude back to the kitchens." The elf bowed bashfully and nodded. "Would you like one?" Andromeda offered the plate to the little creature for him to chose from. His eyes were as huge as an apple but he took one with shaking fingers and bowed profoundly while thanking her over and over before disappearing. She let an amused laugh escape her lips then clapped a hand over her mouth and turned to look around. When she was sure no one had seen her she poured herself some tea and continued reading. He turned to his friend ready to tell him "I told you so" but he was still staring at the girl, mouth completely open. He put his hands in his trousers' pockets, pulled two galleons, and offered them to him without taking his eyes from the scene. Third year Andromeda "Can you believe her? I mean, at least he's not a Gryffindor, but who dates a Ravenclaw. They must be so boring..." Bla bla bla bla...boring was this conversation, they didn't even know the girl. What gave them the impression they could criticize her decision. By Salazar, she hated this. She was good though. Good at nodding in the right time, humming when needed, and giving the short retort from time to time. Her mother would be proud. She turned to look around the grounds just to see Tonks diving like a maniac into the ground. He barely pulled a move that saved him from dying and it took every ounce of restraint she had not to laugh. Wouldn't want her 'friends' to question her. She hated him so much, he always made her day better, and that just meant trouble. She went to the library to get away from her peers for a while like any other day and was very surprised when a shaky house elf showed up at her table with tea and biscuits. She smiled, remembering her darling little friend back at home, always ready to make her feel a little better after a long scolding courtesy of her mother. At least her father was only around to see her act like the perfect little lady she was supposed to be. She