Entry for Public Lovin Fanfiction Contest hosted by: GossipLips , JandMsMommy, and MissJanuary . - Banner: Unbridled By AnnaKatherineC and Byrd009 A HUGE thank you and much love to my collaborator byrd009 and my beta twidictedteach! All Twilight characters belong to Stephanie Meyers. A bar neither one wanted to be at. An encounter neither expected. A love they weren't looking for. BPOV I don't care much for bars. Yet, here I am on a Friday night at a nightclub. Not really to pick up anybody, but to appease my relentless friends who are convinced I don't get out enough. The same friends who would love nothing more than to get me laid. Yeah, apparently being a 25-year-old virgin isn't as popular as it once was. I have resigned myself to waiting until marriage. I'd love to say it is because I'm just virtuous, but to be perfectly honest I've just never met " the one. " My friends ask how I will know if he is "the one," to which I always respond, " I just will. " It doesn't stop them from trying though. So, here I am at the nightclub Atlantis , dancing mostly alone to the sultry music. I haven't moved far from our table and I am really kind of zoned out to the sound of the somewhat erotic beats, so I don't notice the guy who has noticed me. I guess he can see I want to dance, but I haven't really made it to the dance floor because I'm too shy. He saunters over and says, "Beautiful, I can see you want to dance. Would you mind terribly dancing with me?" Others have asked me mind you, but his invitation doesn't make me feel uncomfortable like the rest have. I blush, and accept his invitation. I tell him I am not the greatest dancer, to which he replies, "I'll be the judge of that." We make our way to the dance floor and begin to move to the music. He keeps his eyes locked on mine the entire time. For now, the DJ is playing slow , sensual songs. The first song we dance to is "Fade into You" by Mazzy Star. It's such a beautiful song. I am caught off guard when this stunning man gives me a little twirl then pulls me tight against his body. His right hand wraps around my waist, splaying his fingers across my lower back, while he takes my right in his left and holds it to his chest, just above his heart. I know my breathing is a little stuttered but I can't help it. This position is so intimate for someone I just met. We don't even know each other's names. He stares at me so intently but says nothing. I am speechless, and when staring into his eyes become too much I avert my gaze slightly to his beautifully sculpted chest. It's not hard to see with the shirt he is wearing that he is very toned. As the song progresses, he slowly leans his forehead to mine, closes his eyes and just breathes deeply. In and out. Almost as if he is trying to memorize the smell of a fragrant flower. I don't know why, but a feeling I can't quite describe falls over me. It starts in my cheeks, and then seems to run down my neck, to my shoulders, my back … like a wave has washed over me. It's … intense. We are swaying slowly, I'm not even sure we are listening to the music anymore. As the song slowly morphs into "Angel Eyes" by Jeff Healey Band, my beautiful stranger finally breaks the silence, or the spell, whichever you want to call it. "So, what brings you out tonight?" Easy question . "My friends think I spend too much time at home. They tend to come up with these really shitty excuses for going out to celebrate and insist on dragging me along," I laugh at the thought. He must find it amusing too. He chuckles, and I swear he is watching my mouth move. "I take it you aren't the Friday night lights type?" "Um, that would be a big fat NO. I am usually too wrapped up in work or other things to worry about coming out. Besides, I don't like dressing up too often." "Well you look gorgeous tonight," he says without a moment's hesitation. I blush, of course. I am not use to compliments and it never fails when I get one, my cheeks immediately heat from a rush of blood. "Um, thank you. " I try to turn my gaze away from him, but he gently places his thumb and forefinger on my chin and turns me back to him. "I mean it, you look … breathtaking and most definitely out of place. You don't belong in a place like this, but I am so very glad you came." Wow! How the hell do I respond to that! I just slightly shake my head at the idea anyone would think that about me. Just ... wow. "And what is it you do that has you so wrapped up you don't care about going out?" This, I can answer without hesitation. I love my work! "I am an editor for Greystone Publishers as well as a freelance journalist." He looks kind of in awe? "Editor huh? Interesting. What does your journalism focus on?" "I tend to focus on humanitarian efforts and atrocities here in the states and overseas. " Suddenly I realize this cannot be a sexy topic when at a club. Gah, I get too carried away sometimes! Such an idiot. And cue, the blush. "Why the blush, angel?" Angel? That's different. "I just realized how utterly boring and depressing I probably sound right now. I am sorry. I'm sure you didn't come out tonight to listen to some stranger talk about her boring job." "You couldn't be more wrong. I actually find what you do most fascinating; more so than you can imagine. And I assure you, there is NOTHING boring about you. Did I mention how stunning you look?" I laugh at that. "You may have mentioned something about that." "Just wanted to be sure. This color red on you makes your skin look like porcelain. And your skin is as soft as a flower petal. Is that natural? 'Cause I swear I've never felt someone so soft." "Do you feel a lot of people?" Oh good, he laughed at my joke. Some people don't get my sense of humor. "No, not a lot. I have felt my fair share, enough to know you are exquisite." "Maybe you should get out more." I laugh a little as I say it. "I really don't think that will be necessary." Is the room spinning? Is it hotter in here than it was five minutes ago? "So you are an editor and a journalist, what drew you to humanitarian causes?" "Well, while I was in college I minored in Social Work. I can't really explain it clearly I don't think. It's just a passion. My heart bleeds for those with no voice. It's just not right, you know? I mean, as long as there are those of us who can speak loudly, we should! We should do anything and everything we can to call attention to their plight," I state full of conviction. He just stares at me for a few moments, not saying anything. The look in his eyes from earlier is back. I'm not sure what it is, but I immediately want to duck my head for some reason. "You sound very passionate about it. I think it's a very sexy quality to have so much passion for one's work. Of course, I seem to find everything about you sexy, angel." Is the air getting thin? I feel lightheaded. "So, what about your spare time?" "Well, when I have it, I work a great deal with some of my favorite charities. I travel overseas to visit orphanages and sit on a council that helps raise and distribute funds to help improve the conditions in the ones that need it most. The organization I volunteer for also helps train those aging out of the system to return and teach those who are still there or new ones coming in. We spend a great deal of time training workers to interact with babies left at these places. It's truly heartbreaking. Some of these places housed children who had not been held since the day they were born; for years no one interacted with them other than feedings. It's quite tragic." Stupid emotions! I am tearing up. I know it. I can never talk about the orphans without tearing up. He must think I'm an emotional wreck. As I am mentally scolding myself, I feel his thumb gently wipe away a tear that has escaped. "Your heart is just as beautiful as the rest of you. I didn't think that would be possible," he whispers tenderly as he leans in and kisses away a tear from the other side of my face. It's at this point I realize I haven't asked him a single question about him. My turn. "What about you? What do you do?" "I am actually in publishing. Although that sounds kind of dull next to what you just told me." "I hardly think publishing would be dull. All the people you must meet and manuscripts you get to read. That has to be intriguing." "It has its moments I suppose." "So what company do you work for?" "Masen Publishing." "Oh wow! They are huge! I mean they really put some incredible works out there! " "You're familiar with us?" "Am I? Are you kidding? I am always looking for the next big best seller to come from Masen! May I say MP has some excellent tastes." "Thank you. I take that as very high praise from someone like you." I blush at this. My opinion isn't that big of a deal. "Do you come out often?" "Not at all! I am only here because it is my brother's birthday. It's hard to say no when it's someone's birthday." "Well I hope he is having a good birthday!" "I don't know about him, but I certainly love his birthday right now." He says it like he means it. It's hard not to believe him. I don't know how long we have been dancing at this point. It has just occurred to me there are still people around us. For a while it was almost as if we were the only ones here. Weird. I also notice the songs have picked up tempo. The songs are now more techno, fast-paced, with a slight sexual vibe to them. I hesitate; I haven't danced like this in a while. I contemplate heading back to my table, but my stranger pulls me close as if he could hear my internal debate. He drops my right hand and lowers his right until it is resting on my ass, then presses me tighter to him. "Don't go. We're just getting started," he whispers in my ear. I nod my head slightly, letting him know I won't go anywhere. He gently slides his knee between my thighs and begins to sway us, leading with his hips. It is more erotic than the slow dancing. It would be so easy to get caught up. When he notices I am starting to loosen up, he backs away just enough to give me room to move freely, but his hand never leaves my body. I slowly lose myself to the music. My arms go above my head, and then I slowly bring them down my body, starting at my neck then slowly bringing them down over the curve of my breasts. As my hands reach my stomach, I trail one back up into my hair and let the other one move lower only