She was crying again. Why was it that every time he came across her this year, she was crying? Didn't she have any pride? Who in their right mind would ever let anyone catch them sobbing over some destitute, ginger-haired tosspot? Draco knew he certainly wouldn't. Then again, she lived every day with that god-awful hair, maybe she was accustomed to having no dignity to speak of. He was sick of finding her crying. It was obvious that she attempted to hide her sadness from her friends and from anyone who might read into why she was crying when she worked so hard on the façade of not giving two shits about Weaslebee dating the biggest tart in Gryffindor. The trouble was that hiding it meant she kept ending up in Draco's haunts within the castle- the places he went whenever he wanted to be alone - obviously knowing as well as he did no one else would be traversing these deserted corridors and high, dusty towers. He'd caught her more than once, and given he preferred his solitude anyway - and that he'd no idea what to say to the crying mudblood - up until now Draco tended to turn and walk away rather than bothering with teasing her or even trying to get her to leave his haunts in peace. He'd leave her to her tears and her grief for a git who was positively gloating at her jealousy while he toyed with Brown. At least, that's how Draco saw it. The pair of idiots were crazy about each other but rather than admitting it, they'd resorted to ludicrous tactics to make each other jealous. Draco thought it positively ridiculous, but who was he to tell idiotic Gryffindors they were making arses of themselves? It had never stopped them in the past, and he had far more important things to do this year than torment pathetic fools. Ordinarily, he'd just leave the pathetically sobbing mudblood alone, but something about the sight of her sitting there bawling her eyes out was enough to annoy him today. "Get up," he commanded, storming towards her, fed up with her abominable self pity. He knew she'd probably heard - as the rest of the school had - that last night Weaslebee and Brown had done the dirty deed. Undoubtedly, the reason she was crying. Draco watched her head jerk up, her expression one of fear and horror to have been caught crying, by him of all people. "M-Malfoy?" she asked, scrambling to her feet and hurriedly trying to dry her tears on her scarf. It didn't help much since her face was red and puffy from crying. "Clean yourself up," he snapped, stopping inside her personal space and glaring down his nose at her. She had her back pressed to the wall, staring at him wide-eyed and horrified. When she didn't move to do anything and looked at a loss regarding how she should clean herself up, Draco pulled out his wand and aimed it at her face, waving it silently until the evidence of her tears was all gone. She drew her own wand in retaliation but when she didn't feel any effect of what he was doing to her, she didn't move to attack him. Draco pocketed his wand again and raised his eyebrows at her as he waited for her to do the same. She looked nervous as she stared up at him, but she slowly pocketed the weapon once more. "You're sobbing over that ridiculous peasant? Again?" he demanded, leaning one hand against the wall by her neck, effectively boxing her in on one side. She looked wary, though he eyes flashed with pain and annoyance at his mention of Weaslebee. "What I do is none of your business Malfoy!" she snapped, her voice thick with the tears she'd been crying. "What are you even doing here? Come to rub it in?" "Frankly Granger, I'm sick to death of finding you in all my haunts, sobbing over that pathetic ginger. It's beneath even you, and I'm going to make you stop ." Draco glared down at her. He hated the little swot, but he would be lying if he were to say that she hadn't improved in the looks department over the years. She'd developed curves every bloke in Hogwarts wanted to get their hands on and she had the type of mouth blokes fantasized about. Not Draco, of course. He would never fantasize about snogging a mudblood. But that wasn't the point. The point was she needed to get over Weaslebee, and Draco had found that the best way to get over someone was to get under someone else. "Excuse me?" she demanded, glaring now. "This is the ninth time I've found you sobbing over that worthless git," Draco said. "And while I don't really care one way or the other what you barmy fools do with your time, you've developed a habit of only sobbing in the places I like to come to be alone. So it has to stop. And since I doubt you're going to simply avoid all the places I like to go, and it's unlikely that you'll just stop crying about it because I asked you to, I'm going to have to make you not want to cry about it anymore." "Who do you think you…?" She began, fire flashing in those brown eyes but Draco cut her off before she could say anything else. Bringing his free hand up to tangle into her loose long hair, Draco leaned into her, pinned her to the wall with his body and brought his lips down on hers. She made a noise of protest as he moved his lips over hers; her hands fisted in the fabric of his clothes as she tried to pull him off of her, but Draco ignored those things. He snogged her hard, sweeping his tongue against her lips and feeling them part of their own accord beneath his assault. She made another sound, this one a little more desperate than the last, almost as though she knew she was fighting a losing battle, and Draco felt a smirk curl across his lips for the first time all year. It felt good to finally have something to smirk about again. Since he'd been given his Dark Mark all Draco had been able to think about was his looming task of killing Dumbledore. He was failing most of his classes as a result of the stress, and he barely slept. He knew he was struggling not only with the monstrosity of such a task as murdering the most powerful wizard alive, but also with the notion of killing at all. It was one thing to mouth off about blood prejudice, and to torment mudbloods and blood traitors for their inferiority. It was entirely another to watch mudbloods and blood traitors being murdered, tortured and raped in his living room, or even the dungeons - and he'd been forced to watch. Draco really didn't care that much about blood purity. He didn't want to kill for it. He'd even found that Mudbloods like Granger had their uses. After all, now that she'd stopped fighting him, she was proving all those blokes she'd been stringing along in an attempt to lash out at Weasley had been useful for one thing. They'd taught her to snog. In fact, she was rather good at it, he begrudgingly admitted when the grip she had on his clothing began being put to use to drag him closer to her. Draco leaned into her harder, kissing her hungrily and swallowing the little whimper he elicited from her when he began to grind himself against her. Dragging open her school cardigan and her shirt, Draco relished the silky feel of her skin beneath his hands. He smirked wider when she arched into the touch, his hands cupping her breasts through the fabric of her bra. When she dug her hands under the hem of his jumper and his shirt, Draco broke away from her mouth, kissing and nipping his way along her jaw and down the side of her neck. When she tipped her head back to give him better access, Draco knew he had her. She'd turned off that ridiculously clever brain and was simply feeling everything he did to her. Some part of his subconscious warned that this was a bad idea. That hooking up with a mudblood was a sure-fire way to see himself disowned by his parents, and maybe even murdered by the Dark Lord, but right then Draco didn't really care about any of that. He was going to wind up dead when he couldn't kill Dumbledore anyway, and if there was one thing he was going to be proud of when he made his way to the afterlife it was going to be claiming Granger's V-card. He didn't even bother with unclasping the boring white cotton bra she wore beneath her school shirt, choosing to simply pull it down to free her breasts, cupping them in his hands. She gasped at his cold hands, her nipples pebbling. Draco took his sweet time kissing his way down her chest before taking one into his mouth and toying with it. He marvelled at how responsive she was as she arched into him. Having only hooked up with a few Slytherin slags in the past, Draco hadn't expected the fiery little lioness to be so in tune with his touch. He flicked his tongue over the bud of her nipple, nipping and suckling at the flesh and drawing little sounds of pleasure from her parted lips. She'd tangled her hands in his hair, pressing forward into his mouth, making him chuckle just a little as he moved to give her other nipple the same attention. "Oh," she whimpered breathily when Draco let his hands trail lower, brushing up the back of her thighs beneath her skirt. Draco didn't doubt that Hermione Granger had well and truly forgotten what an arse Weaselbee was, but that wasn't about to stop him. He hadn't had a decent shag in a while and now that he knew what a dirty little minx she was, Draco was going to take full advantage of her distraction, and her willingness. When he encountered her knickers, Draco brushed his hands over them at the junction of her thighs and he grinned at the dampness there before he hooked his thumb into them and dragged them down her thighs, watching them fall to the floor to puddle around her ankles. When he returned his hands to her slick pussy, she shuddered at the contact. Draco made sure to punctuate his two-fingered penetration of her with a firm tug on the nipple still in his mouth. "Ah!" She moaned at the feel of his fingers slowly sinking into her tight passage, her body clutching at them greedily, letting him know she was almost ready for more. He'd never enjoyed being with a girl as much, Draco realised as he trailed a line of kisses over her milky skin, up her neck and back to her luscious mouth. She snogged him enthusiastically this time, pulling him to her and opening to him without resistance. Draco grinned against her lips, his fingers pumping into her slowly while his free hand dealt with the fastenings on his trousers until he was free of them. He snogged her harder, distracting her as he slowly withdrew his fingers from her clutching pussy and lifted her skirt higher, hands urging her to cant her hips forwards to help him align his hard cock at her dripping entrance. He didn't dare open his eyes or stop to ask her if she was sure she wanted to shag him. He didn't want to give her the chance to think or to turn him away now. Instead he lifted her left leg to curl it arund his hip, opening her to him before he