A/N: Hello and welcome to The Silver Dragon. I hope you enjoy the story. Much love! xx-Kitten. The Silver Dragon By Kittenshift17 PROLOGUE She could honestly say she had no clue how she'd come to be there. Well… that wasn't entirely true. Hermione supposed it was more accurate to say she couldn't decide which precipitating factor was to blame for this lapse in judgement. It could have been that she'd consumed the equivalent of a bottle of Hodgen's Finest. It could have been that, for the first time since the war, she'd attended a function solo – arriving without a date. More importantly, she suspected it had entirely to do with the fact that Ron Weasley was an arse for having moved on enough to bring a date when she hadn't. Something she was expected to grin and bear without complaint or hysterics. That, Hermione decided, was the biggest and most likely factor that had led to this most alarming circumstance. What other reason could she possibly have for wildly snogging Draco Malfoy in a cheap hotel room? As the man in question stripped her out of the fancy dress she'd agonised over for hours – literally tearing the fabric in his haste – Hermione could honestly say that while she didn't entirely know how or why she'd come to be there in his arms with her fingers working rapidly on the buttons of his dress robes and the buckle on his belt, she didn't much care right at that moment. In fact, the blond git was doing a fine job of removing all cohesive thought from her mind as he trailed a line of hot kisses over her neck, chest and shoulders while his fingers made short work on the clasp of her bra, unsnapping it and dragging it from her lithe frame before flinging it away. In a flurry of clothing and a frenzy of lips, hands and hot, willing bodies, they fell into bed with one another with all the passion of such a long-term hatred in one pure physical outlet. Hermione was much too far gone with alcohol consumption to care what Draco Malfoy might think of her body or the pathetic whining mewls he drew from her throat. As he laved her left nipple hotly before nipping her flesh, Hermione threw her head back, her fingers wandering the lithe and wiry muscle of his smooth back. She hissed with encouraging delight as he freed her of her knickers, leaving her body bare for his hands to explore her flesh. Hermione arched into his touch as he smoothed drink-clumsy fingers through the inferno of wet heat at her core, driving two long digits inside her. Merlin, there was nothing like the feeling of him working her over with those dexterous hands. Returning the favour, Hermione's fingers wandered his ribcage and abs in a slow path south. The strip of white-blond hair leading downward from his navel made a fine trail to follow until Hermione could wrap her hand around the rigid and ready appendage he'd been hiding inside his trousers. "Bloody hell, Granger!" Hermione heard him groan contentedly around her nipple as she smoothed her hand up and down the enticing length of him. He responded to the caress with a curl of his fingers inside her, brushing over the spot that hit just right and had her melting into a puddle of neediness. "Stop teasing!" Hermione whined when he did it again and again and again with just enough pressure to feel amazing but not so much as to send her over the edge. "You want it?" he drawled arrogantly, lifting his mouth from her breasts to smirk at her wickedly. Hermione was much too drunk to allow that smug expression to rile her. "Give it to me," she heard herself demand, her voice husky with need. He leaned into her hotly, capturing her lips with his and Hermione sighed at the feel of his tongue slipping between her lips to stroke her own. Good Lord, but he was a delectable kisser. She protested a moment when he captured her wrist and dragged her hand away from her new favourite toy until she realised he meant to shag her into oblivion with it. Scooting up the bed far enough to do so comfortably, Hermione spread her legs a little wider, canting her hips and jolting slightly at the brush of the hot organ against her throbbing heat. His hand tangled into her curls, unsettling her careful hairstyle before he slowly impaled her. Hermione groaned in delight. She loved it slow and deep on the initial penetration. It had always bothered her when she'd been with Ron that he would fumble about for a few minutes of foreplay – not really getting her wet enough for sex – before he would hurry to get himself inside her. Too many times in her twenty-four years Hermione had endured the sting and ache of having a man's cock rammed unforgivingly inside her before she was good and wet for it. She could only groan with pleasure at the feel of Malfoy taking his sweet time about burying himself to the hilt – so deep inside her that Hermione swore she could taste him at the back of her throat. Her body worked to accommodate the unfamiliar girth and length of what Malfoy had down his trousers, practically singing with delight at the way it stretched so deliciously. "Ah, fuck," Malfoy breathed as he broke their kiss to bury his face against the side of her neck, muttering sweet nothings as though he were in heaven. Hermione knew that she was. Goodness, but it had been too long since she'd shagged anyone. Rolling her hips under him, Hermione was rewarded with a nip to her neck and a slow withdrawal that left her feeling empty and needy all at once. She huffed out a small squeak when Malfoy drove back into her as hard as he could. Merlin, she was already seeing stars. She supposed it was safe to say that while self-control and rational thinking appeared to have gone out the window much earlier in the evening when she'd found herself drinking too much and flirting wickedly with an equally inebriated Draco Malfoy – they both lost it then. Hermione felt her mind completely shut off all thought; all rationalisation; all everything, but the feel of what he was doing to her and what she was doing to him. He fucked her hard. There was no other word to describe what he did to her. He fucked her as brutally as she'd ever been shagged. This was much more than mere sex and as far from making love as one could get. Draco Malfoy fucked her like she'd stolen every Galleon in his Gringotts vault and then had the audacity to charge him for the privilege. He fucked her like she was his most loathed enemy and he was exacting revenge for every slight. He fucked her like he hated her. And Hermione loved it. ~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~ She woke in a tangle of limbs with an ache throughout every part of her, a pounding in her head, a terrible swirling nausea in her tummy and a stickiness between her legs. Stickiness and the unfamiliar hand of a man she couldn't see. Groaning softly, Hermione tried to make sense of her surroundings. She didn't recognise the gaudy red wallpaper or the cheap furniture of the room she slept in, and the pillow she'd cushioned her head upon smelled like sex, stale cigarette smoke and a certain mustiness. "Where am I?" she whispered to herself, belatedly realising she was being spooned by a man who had an arm curled over her waist and nestled between her legs, possessively cupping her sex. The other hand was flung across the bed beneath her neck. His hand glinted slightly in the morning sunlight filtering through the haphazard curtains and Hermione narrowed her eyes, trying to recall where she recognised the signet ring on his middle finger from. She felt groggy and confused, her brain fuzzy with sleep and the tap-dancing elephants from hell. She was hungover and she thought she might be ill. "More sleep," a male voice - husky with sleep - replied to her rhetorical question. Hermione groaned in agony when he – whoever he was - flexed his fingers against her abused twat, one fingertip penetrating her slit the slightest bit and making it sting. She squirmed uncomfortably, huffing when she realised the uncomfortable pressure she'd felt prodding near her behind was apparently an erect penis nestled between her rear cheeks. "Oh, Merlin! Who?" she moaned to herself. The sound of being shushed followed her question and Hermione supposed then that she really ought to have known the answer. Who else could be so arrogant as to shush her whilst she was in the middle of having a mental breakdown? "What have I done?" she asked of no one in particular. "Are you going to keep talking?" the voice asked again and Hermione realised that whoever she was sleeping with had nestled his nose into the back of her neck – she could feel his hot breath ghosting over her naked shoulders. Oh sweet Merlin, she knew that voice. "MALFOY!" Hermione shouted. She turned in his grip and whimpered when her twisting somehow sent one of his fingers deep inside her abused nether passage. "Urgh, no so loud!" he groaned. His eyes were still closed and a frown marred his brow as Hermione turned to discover that it was, in fact, Draco Malfoy spooned around her and fingering her. Malfoy that she'd…. oh Merlin! She'd fucked him. The fuzzy, disjointed memories of the previous evening were coming back, fighting past the dancing elephants that were making her head ache to resurface and fill her with horror. "No! No, this can't be happening! Malfoy? Sodding Malfoy?" Hermione began to panic, taking in the sight of his swollen lips, his sex-mussed hair and the purple love-bite marring his alabaster throat. "Must you continue to be so loud?" he asked without opening his eyes. He was beginning to sound very annoyed. "Malfoy, open your eyes," Hermione commanded sternly. His frown deepened before he did as instructed, his finger twitching inside her again and making her squirm uncomfortably with how it smarted a bit whilst spurring pleasurable twinges she couldn't handle right then. His silver eyes blinked open slowly; reluctantly; as though he really didn't want to look. And he jerked back from her in shock as those eyes widened when he realised it was her. "Fuck! Granger?" he growled. He stared at her in utter horror. "You see why I'm being loud?" she snapped. She fished his hand out of her twat and shoved the appendage back towards him. She also tried very hard to ignore the sight of several more love-bites littering his pale body. She tried even harder to ignore the tent he was making under the sheets even as he stared at her. "What the fuck am I doing in bed with you?" Malfoy demanded. He looked groggier than Hermione felt. "Oh bloody, fuck! I shagged you last night? Seriously? You? Hermione sodding Granger?" "Apparently you did," Hermione growled. She was too furious and horrified with herself and this turn of events to be offended by his tone. "FUCK!" he shouted, making Hermione's head ache terribly. "How much did I drink last night? Shit, how much did you drink?" "Judging by the nausea and the headache, not to mention this unfortunate occurrence, I'm going to assume too bloody much ," Hermione retorted. Malfoy continued to curse while Hermione began to take stock of the room. Her dress lay in a tattered heap, hanging from the corner of the desk across the room. Her panties were on the bedsheets behind Malfoy, a crimson reminder of her nakedness. Her bra was dangling from the bedside lamp – which was lying on its side,