ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS: A huge thank you to MrsaTurtle, ShayaLonnie, Freya Ishtar and Canimal for Alpha-Reading this for me. A special thank you to Abbi for all the help with the summary. Summaries are the bane of my existence, so I adore you all the more for helping me. I was hestiant but super excited to share, and wouldn't have without your encouragement on this one. Love you, ladies! WARNINGS: This fic includes Triad relationships that are M/F/M. If you can't handle mentions of or allusions to slash, probably don't read. It's also Dub-Con because it's a Marriage Law fic. Limerence Laws By Kittenshift17 CHAPTER ONE "So tell us, Hermione," a tipsy and giggly Lavender Brown nudged her playfully. "If you had to describe your perfect man, what would he be like?" "Oh, I can't wait to hear this one!" Ginny Weasley piped up, her eyes slightly unfocused from the whiskey they were all drinking, camped out in the seventh year girls dormitory, high in Gryffindor Tower. Luna Lovegood was nodding along, looking more interested in the conversation than she had been all night long and Hermione gulped slightly to find the attention of nine witches suddenly focused on her. "Oh, I don't know." Hermione tried to evade the question. "Who has time for wizards with studies to attend to?" "COP OUT!" Fay Dunbar shrieked, lobbing a pillow at Hermione from across the room before she began necking most of the Elf-made wine left in the bottle she clutched. "Come on, Hermione," Lavender wheedled. "Who are we going to tell? We're all too tipsy to even remember any of this tomorrow." Hermione bit her lower lip, glancing at the other girls in her dormitory. She was a bit reluctant to go listing the traits she most enjoyed because, well, it was so hard to choose, wasn't it? "TELL US! TELL US! TELL US!" Ginny began a chant, sloshing whiskey from her glass as she waved her arms about dramatically, already particularly intoxicated. "Fine!" Hermione snapped, clapping her hands over her ears until the chanting stopped. Collecting her thoughts, Hermione took a sip of her whiskey before she began. "My perfect wizard would be… someone who could make me laugh," Hermione said quietly, closing her eyes to truly think about it. "Someone as volatile in his moods as I am. Someone powerful who would make me tremble just to be in his presence. Someone charismatic. Focused, but fun-loving. Someone broody and secretive, but yet transparent with me. He'd have to be someone I could heatedly debate magical theory with. Someone who would make my insides quiver and make the place between my legs ache to have him inside of me. Gods, he'd have to be someone quick-witted. I can't imagine ever being with a man who couldn't keep up with me intellectually." "Oooooooh!" Lavender quivered in her chair and Ginny stopped goofing off long enough to actually look over in surprise at Hermione descriptions. "That sounds like more than one wizard," Parvati told her, frowning slightly. "Volatile but fun-loving? Charismatic but terrifying? Smart and silly? You'd need two wizard to meet all of that criteria." "Hush up, Parvati." Lavender shushed her best friend. "You're ruining the image. What does he look like, Hermione?" "Hmmm." Hermione kept her eyes closed, sipping her whiskey again as she filtered through the appearances of what seemed like every male she knew. "Someone with dark hair," she told the other girls. "Worn a bit longer than most wizards tend to wear theirs, I think. Oh, and tall. He'd have to be tall, but not a meat-head." "And his eyes?" Luna asked, looking dreamy as she imagined the man – or men – Hermione could be describing. "Oh, the eyes are the hardest, aren't they?" Hermione sighed softly. "I've never been able to decide what kind of eyes I like best. Dark eyes filled with secrets? Bottomless wells that I could lose myself in, if he'd let me? Or maybe lighter, something bright and alive with mischief, like an icy blue or grey? But then green eyes are so alluring as well." "Oh, green eyes are divine," Ginny sighed, obviously thinking of Harry as she said so. "I've always been partial to hazel eyes myself," Parvati mused. "Eyes that look like they change colour in different lights. Oh! You know whose eyes do that? Do you all remember Oliver Wood? He had the most delightful hazel eyes that just came alive when he'd talk about Quidditch." "Oliver was dreamy," Ginny agreed. "I wonder what he's up to these days. Last I heard he was still playing for Puddlemere." "He still does," Luna said softly. "Oh, tell us you're ideal bloke, Luna," Lavender said. "Before I drool over the idea of Hermione's perfect man." "Men," Parvati corrected. "Hmmm," Luna said quietly. "I think I'd like someone interesting." ~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~ CALLING ALL WITCHES The Ministry of Magic have invited every able-bodied witch to attend a special gathering at the Ministry Offices this week, requiring that any witch currently unmarried and over the age of seventeen present herself at her earliest convenience. Insider information at Hogwarts says that the Ministry has even arranged to have all female students who meet the required mandates Flooed to the Minsitry offices throughout the week for testing. No word yet on how Headmaster Dumbledore is taking this most recent of rash actions undertaken by the Ministry within Hogwarts. ~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~ "Miss Hermione Jean Granger?" a witch dressed in a formal looking lab coat asked, eyeing Hermione over the top of her spectacles. "That is your full name, correct?" "It is," Hermione confirmed, sitting on the edge of the examination table she'd been asked to utilize and twisting her hands nervously in her lap. "Do you currently, or have you ever had any children, Miss Granger?" the woman asked her. "No." "Are you now, or have you ever been pregnant, Miss Granger?" "No." Hermione frowned. "Are you currently sexually active, Miss Granger?" "I hardly see how that's any of your business," Hermine snapped. "Answer the question, Miss Granger. These are routine questions that all of your classmates, and indeed, all of the witches meeting our criteria are being asked about. Myself included," the witch said in a voice that suggested she was in no mood to play games. "I'm not currently sexually active," Hermione replied coldly. "Are you a virgin, Miss Granger?" Hermione's cheeks bloomed crimson at the question. She opened her mouth, intent on telling the woman to stuff it, but bit her tongue on the urge. "No, I'm not a virgin," she bit out coolly. "Historically within your family, have your ancestors predominantly produced male or female offspring?" the woman asked her. Hermione blinked, her anger dissipating at the odd question. "Erm… a bit of both, really," Hermione frowned thinking through her cousins and her aunts and uncles. "Maybe a few more boys than girl in each generation." The witch made a note on the chart she was filling out as she quizzed Hermione. "Are you currently dating anyone, Miss Granger?" Hermione shook her head. "No." "If you had to describe your ideal partner, what words would you use?" the woman asked. "Erm…" Hermione bit her lip again, thinking back on the conversation she'd had with the girls just last week. "Charismatic. Volatile. Fun-Loving. Quick-witted. Powerful. Intellectual. Funny." The woman wrote down each of the words Hermione used. "Do you have a preference for what type of men you are usually attracted to, Miss Granger?" "I like dark hair," Hermione offered, her cheeks pink. "The darker the better." "How old are you, Miss Granger?" "Eighteen," Hermione told her. "It was my birthday yesterday." "Oh. Happy birthday," the witch wished her, a small smile pulling at the concerns of her mouth. "However, are you sure that your birthday is accurate? Our testing has you listed as being closer to twenty in physical time spent living on this planet." "Oh, um, that's probably because I was using a Time-Turner during my third year," Hermione explained, "I had to use it many times each day throughout that year in order to attend all my classes and handle my study load." The witch made another note on the parchment. "What are you feelings pertaining to marriage, Miss Granger?" she was asked next. Hermione frowned again. "I don't know. I expect it's something I'll do eventually, with the right person." "When you envision your future, are children a part of that plan, Miss Granger?" Hermione wanted to snatch the clipboard from the woman and figure out what the questions were all about. "Yes. Eventually," she said instead. "How many children do you envision yourself having in the future, Miss Granger?" Hermione scowled at the question. "Maybe three," she sighed, knowing that getting angry and making a scene would do her no good. The Ministry had been doing all manner of odd things recently in its attempts to further hide from the truth about Voldemort. "Would you be willing to compromise on that number?" the Ministry witch asked. "I suppose." Hermione shrugged. "Is this going to take much longer?" "No," the woman shook her head. "I only have one more question." Hermione sighed. "Fine, ask it." "If you were to find the right wizard who met your criteria," the woman said. "Would you care if he had a criminal history or had made poor decisions in the past?" "Not if he'd changed his ways," Hermione frowned, thinking of Professor Snape, who had undoubtedly done bad things before joining the Order. Thinking of Sirius who had a criminal record and was technically still on the run, but who was a good man nonetheless. "Excellent," the witch hummed, looking pleased. "Thank you for your time, Miss Granger. The Ministry will be in touch with you regarding your answers here today should there be anything further we need to clarify with you." Hermione's frown deepened in confusion as she was ushered out the door. ~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~ "Oi, Moony?" Sirius Black called to the werewolf he shared a home with inside of Headquarters for the Order of the Phoenix. "Yeah?" Remus Lupin asked, sounding slightly stunned where he stood in the kitchen with a letter clutched loosely in one hand. "You had an owl this morning?" Sirius asked. "Yep," Moony said, his voice constricted slightly. "From the Ministry?" Sirius asked. "I think Kingsley must be having me on in some stupid attempt at a joke." "You got one too?" Remus asked, swivelling to face Sirius, his brow furrowed deeply in concern. "One what? A letter from the Ministry?" Sirius clarified. "Yeah. Why? You too?" Moony nodded mutely. "What does it say?" Sirius asked his best mate worriedly. "It says…. The Ministry has instigated some kind of law that means…" "Limerence Laws," Sirius nodded, his gut clenching tightly. "Means…. All that testing they were doing, summoning able-bodied witches who are of age…" Remus said, his green eyes wide and shot through with the gold of the wolf. "They were matching…." "Matching?" Sirius frowned. "This isn't a fucking match , Remus. This is a fucking ordinance that I'm to be bloody married." Remus nodded. "Mine says that too. Must be married within the week." "It's a fucking joke!" Sirius snarled. "I won't fucking go through with it… this is bullshit. I don't know what they were doing, but this isn't a 'match'. What does yours say? Who do they think you should marry?" Remus blinked at him, his body beginning to trembled as the rage of his alter-ego fought to break free, to take over and protect them from the deemed threat of the letter's contents. "It says… Sirius… have I ever seemed… bisexual… to you?" "You realise you're asking the only bloke you've ever snogged, yeah?" Sirius asked, some of his anger and confusion fading at the way Remus looked so lost. "Your letter say you've got to marry two people? A witch and another wizard?" Remus nodded mutely. "Yours too?" he asked hopefully. Sirius nodded. ~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~ Severus Snape