WARNINGS: This story is AU in that Hermione is born in 1959 instead of 1979, and she grows up in the Marauders Era. Fenrir Greyback is her father, and her mother is a witch, so she isn't muggleborn. If that doesn't sound like your cup of tea, shuffle off. If it does, be advised that this fic contains strong violence, smut, non-con elements, wolf-mate elements, and a lot of obscure or made-up-by-me Werewolf lore. UPDATES : Will likely be sporadic, because I have so many fics I'm currently juggling, but this one and several others have their teeth in me, so I'm sharing for you all to enjoy the momentum. Much love! xx-Kitten Devil In Me By Kittenshift17 Chapter One 28 th December, 1958 Fenton Granger didn't hold with rape. It was a small bright spot in a shadowy existence that he prided himself on. A spot that Fenrir was all too willing to blot out. His hackles rose, exposing fangs that were too sharp and faintly bloodied. No, Fenton Granger didn't hold with rape, but Fenrir Greyback did. As Fenrir - the wolf - Fenton crossed a lot of lines he never thought he'd cross. Staring at the woman sobbing on the ground before him, her thighs bloody with his most recent act of brutality, Fenton realised that Fenrir had pushed him over the line again. "Get up," he growled at the woman. She whimpered. With good reason. The command of an Alpha would be hard to ignore even though she wasn't a werewolf, but he'd broken her so badly that she likely wasn't capable of getting up. He'd never fucked like that before. He'd never raped. He might be a murderer, a cannibal, and a monster, but he'd never been a rapist. Not until now. Fenton snarled again, feeling the Fenris inside of him pushing for release, clawing to break free of his skin, to take control of the last human vestiges within him. The beast pushed him to finish off the woman crying at his feet when she refused the order. "Up," he commanded again, fighting back the wolf and squatting, naked, to pull her across the grass by her ankles. She didn't fight, even though the fear in her eyes made him think she believed he was going to rut her again. "I can't," she whispered. "It hurts." Fenton bit back another snarl at her soft utterance. Didn't she know it wasn't wise to admit injury to a predator? Didn't she know tempting the beast was dangerous? As he dragged her body toward him, he breathed in her scent beneath the anxiety and fear and blood. She smelled like green tea and jasmine. The idea startled him and he leaned in a little closer. He'd been intending to lift her to her feet and propel her forward, back to the village he'd created for his pack. She wasn't a werewolf. Yet. But that could change just as soon as the next full moon came. As he leaned into her, intrigued by the scent of her magic, he realised with a jolt just why it was that Fenrir had broken his only rule and ravaged her. She was fertile. Fertile and his . "What's your name, witch?" Fenton asked of her, pain and panic ripping into him as the realisation hit of who she was and what fate dictated she meant to him. She shook her head, sobbing softly, her lips pressed together. "Tell me your name," Fenton insisted. He dragged her under him once more, balancing on all fours as he straddled her so he could stare into her chocolate brown eyes. Her hair hung in a mess of curls about her head upon the grass. She shook her head again. "I'll tell you mine," he bargained, nosing at her chest, pushing apart the sides of her shirt. He'd torn them open with his claws in his moment of lust, and she tried in vain to hold the scraps of fabric closed to protect her small breasts from his gaze. "Please go away," she whispered. "I'm… you've had your fun. I'm beaten. Let me gather the shredded tatters of my dignity and get myself home so I can pretend this never happened." Fenrir pushed for release again, wanting to claim her. He'd already marked her. The bite wound on her shoulder proved it. "Can't do that, love," Fenton murmured. "You know what I am?" She'd been refusing to meet his gaze even as he nuzzled at her chest, lapping at the blood from the faint scratches he'd left upon her flesh when he'd shredded her shirt. The urge he'd thought was merely his wolf's cannibalistic nature rising was far more insidious. His wolf didn't want to eat her; it wanted to tie her to him forever. It wanted to fuck her until she was full of his cubs and tethered to him for the rest of her life. She was his mate and he would not let her get away. Her eyes snapped to his face at his question even as he licked a scratch upon her chest until it closed over. "You're a werewolf," she whispered. Fenton wondered at her tone. She didn't sound disgusted at the idea of his curse. He could still smell her residual fear, but that stemmed from being raped, not from his lycanthropy. "I'm a werewolf," Fenton agreed. "Do you know why I ravaged you? Why, ordinarily, my instinct would be to break your neck and eat your corpse, but instead it's only demanding I fuck you again and again until you're swollen with my cubs?" She closed her eyes, tears leaking from the corners, and she flinched when he leaned up to lap them from her skin before they could soak into her hair. She tasted salty, yet sweet. Like rich caramel. Fenton groaned softly at the taste, long forgotten from a childhood he scarcely recalled until this very moment. "Please don't," she whispered. "Don't what? Fuck you full of my cubs?" "Don't lick me," she said, eyes squeeze closed. "Please?" "My form of affection unsettles you?" Fenton asked. He supposed, from a human perspective, licking someone's tears was creepy rather than comforting. "I want to go home," the witch whispered. "Tell me your name," Fenton bargained. "Tell me your name and I'll take you home, love." Her eyes flew open at his soft promise. "But I'm your…?" she began. "You're my mate," he nodded. "My name is Fenton Granger, little witch. What's yours?" He bottom lip trembled as she looked at him. Fenton knew it was likely shock at the sight of him completely human. His fangs had receded at the sight of her tears and her fear. His claws, too. The fur that threatened to push through all over him when he transformed had receded, leaving him as close to human as he'd looked since his first transformation almost thirty years earlier. He hadn't actually seen his completely human visage since he'd been a boy, now that he thought about it. But he'd be human – or as close as he could come – for his mate. Belatedly, it occurred to Fenton that he'd given her his true name – the one legally listed as belonging to a wizard who'd disappeared as a boy of six, thirty years ago. He realised with a jolt that she would know him by his true name, not by the nom de plume he went by to hide his true identity. She would not know him as Fenrir Greyback, but simply as Fenton. "My name is Della," she whispered. "Della Stone." "I'm sorry for hurting you, Della. I… I lost control of the wolf inside of me. I've never lost control like that before," Fenton apologised, feeling a strange, constricting sensation inside his chest as she looked at him through tear-soaked lashes. "You said you would take me home," Della whispered. Fenton's heart kicked out a painful beat against his ribs at the idea of taking her home where he'd be expected to play nice. Hell, he'd apologised but that didn't change the fact that he'd raped her. He'd chased her across a field, run her down and raped her. "Will you let me clean you up first?" he asked, his wolf still yearning to fill her with cubs but knowing he needed to protect her and care for her to ensure she'd live to raise them. "Please? I won't hurt you again. I didn't mean to. I can't take you home with your dress in tatters and blood coating your skin." Della looked fearful. "Clean me up how?" she asked, obviously nervous. "There's a shower in my cottage," Fenton offered. "And something to wear that won't expose you. Or I can lick you clean, if you'd prefer." He punctuated the offer by dipping back down to lick at the beads of blood on her chest. She whimpered softly, pain, terror and disgust washing through her. He could smell it and he tried to control the urge he usually had to revel in such scents. "Please don't lick that, Fenton," she requested softly. "It stings." Fenton closed his eyes at the sound of his true name upon her sweet lips, nodding his head even as he lowered himself further down her body. Aye, it would sting. He'd only grazed her with his claws there, but they would sting and ache for a long time. Wounds inflicted by such a dark creature always did. Skimming his nose over her bare midriff, Fenton's eyes crossed behind closed lids at the scent of her fertility. She was ripe for bearing his cubs, and fuck if he didn't want to take her all over again. His sensitive nose could pick up their mingling secretions the lower he moved. She sobbed softly when he paused, pressing open mouthed kisses to her abdomen, breathing in the sweet scent of her ovulation. A wicked smile stretched his mouth and he opened his eyes to peer at the witch from his perch over her. Gods, he wanted to take her again. "Della?" he whispered. He doubted she was going to give him her permission to rut her again, but he had to ask. "You said you'd take me home," she whimpered, her hand slowly creeping for the wand he'd knocked from her grasp in their scuffle before he'd taken her. She was plotting her escape, he realised. Terrified and in shock, she might be, but she was still planning how best to escape him. The thought hurt him more than it ought and Fenrir howled from deep within him, furious at the idea that she plotted to leave him when he'd only just found her. The human part of him understood. Mate or not, it would take a lot more than an apology whilst looming over her to make his witch forgive him for attacking her and raping her. Reaching down deep for his self-control, Fenton sat back on his heels, pulling away from her. He rose to his feet quickly and bent to scoop up her wand – eliciting a soft cry of devastation from the witch. Before she could protest, he scooped her into his arms, bridal style, and Disapparated with a crack. Landing outside his cottage, Fenton carried the little witch inside it, much to her dismay. "Stop sobbing," he said, the words coming out harsher than he intended in his annoyance over the idea that as soon as she was able, she would flee. She hiccupped softly in response even as Fenton carried her to the bathroom in his dingy cottage. He didn't put her down as he adjusted the taps to make the water warm, not until it was ready did he stand her on her feet. He pulled her tattered dress from her small frame, unveiling her to his hungry gaze. Her knees wobbled and she'd have fallen to the floor had he not propped her back against his chest. "Why?" she whispered