A/N: I may or may not have done a very bad thing... Enjoy! Much love! xx-Kitten. Canimal is responsible for the use of Thorfinn calling Hermione 'Princess' and for the fanon pertaining to Thorfinn having been a 7th year when Hermione was a 1st year. She is also the mastermind behind the library blowjob scene. All credits for those things belong to her. Firewhiskey Nights By Kittenshift17 Chapter 1 "Blast it all, Fred Weasley, you give me back my key!" Hermione Granger growled in a slurred complaint, levelling a glare at Fred. Or was it George? She'd had a little too much fire-whiskey to tell the twins apart anymore. "I don't have your bloody key, woman!" Fred protested, attempting to act innocent and as though he hadn't taken it. Hermione knew he had. He'd claimed he needed to borrow it a few hours ago whilst complaining that he didn't want to walk all the way down to the flat he shared with George down the Alley from the Leaky Cauldron where the Halloween celebration was in full swing. Hermione had been drinking pretty heavily alongside Harry, Ginny, Luna, Ron and Neville in addition to the twins, and – knowing she'd be too inebriated for Apparting or for Floo travel - she'd booked a room at the pub for the night. She told herself it had nothing to do with wanting to prove to Ron that she wasn't still hung up on him – something she planned to do by seducing some unsuspecting wizard into tumbling her between the sheets. Of course, that had been before she'd had nine fire-whiskeys by herself in the course of a three hour pub visit. Right now all she wanted to do want escape the gyrating, sweating, costume-clad crowd of the bar, shower the evening away and sink into a big soft – preferably empty - bed. "You do have it! You took it so you could pee and you didn't give it back!" "I did so," Fred, or maybe George, argued with her, his words slurring and his eyes unfocused. "I put it on the bar while you were ordering your last drink. Oi, Angelina!" Hermione growled under her breath as the Weasley twin she'd been conversing with bounded away upon spotting the girl that both twins were dating. She did vaguely recall putting her hand on a key upon the bar while she'd been getting her last drink. Well, she had a wand, and she doubted that Tom would be pleased if she told him she'd lost her key. So Hermione would just have to break into her own room. She didn't bother excusing herself or telling her friends where she was going. They would try to talk her into another drink. And she didn't think she'd stay conscious if she had anymore. Melting into the crowd, Hermione made for the stairs to her room without looking back, even when she vaguely heard someone call her name. ~O~O~O~O~O~O~ "Levicorpus!" a voice hissed just as he exited the bathroom and Thorfinn Rowle gave an inarticulate growl as he was jerked into the air by his ankles, his towel unwinding from his hips and revealing his stark naked body to the intruder. "Fuck!" he snapped, twisting to try and see who was responsible for this mess as all the blood began to rush to his head – which was already spinning from the copious amount of fire-whiskey he'd ingested. "What are you doing in my room?" a female voice asked and Thorfinn watched a woman in a pair of spiked black heels and a kitten costume stalk towards him. Or attempt to, anyway. She stumbled slightly in those shoes of hers. She was wearing a mask over her face, but the leather cat-suit she wore made him want to run his hands all over her body. "Let me down, Kitten," he practically purred at the woman, suddenly feeling less inconvenienced about her seeing him naked, whoever she was behind that mask. "How did you get into my room?" she demanded, stomping closer even as she kicked her heels from her feet, muttering a curse about irresponsible footwear and something about red-headed vixens who would pay for their crimes. "I have no idea," Thorfinn admitted. "Woke up in here half an hour ago, still drunk, so I imagine someone stuck me in here to sleep off the whiskey." He'd bet he knew who too. Fucking Dolohov and his sticky fucking fingers. "You're naked," the witch informed him, stopping suddenly when she was looking his rapidly-hardening cock right in the face. Thorfinn snorted at her words. "I am," he agreed. "Care to join me?" You're upside-down," she pointed out as though that were her only objection to his suggestion. "Not if you let me down," he replied, suspecting she was far drunker than she looked. "Oh. Um… right. Liberacorpus," she said, flicking her wand at him. Thorfinn knew there was no graceful way to land when the spell released his ankles and he crumpled to the ground in a heap, growling slightly at the sudden ache in his head. "Do you greet every naked male this way, Kitten, or am I just special?" he asked her, getting to his feet to stare down at the little witch he had every intention of seducing. "You broke into my room," she pointed out. "What did you expect me to do? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?" She tilted her head to one side, unsettling the cat-mask and kitten ears she wore. "Dunno, love," he smirked. "I can't see your face. Mind if I help you out of your costume?" "Oh," she said, and she reached for her mask while Thorfinn reached for the zipper that currently held her breasts in their leather prison. She squeaked as the zip rasped on the way down and Thorfinn smirked to find she'd forgone lingerie beneath the suffocating leather. He was a little too distracted by her full breasts with their rosy pink nipples, already pebbling in the cool air of the room, to notice her now-mask-free face for several long moments. "Erm… you're still naked," she said quietly. "I'm sure I know you from somewhere." "Thorfinn," he offered her a grin even as he reached out with both hands to cup her breasts. She hissed between her teeth at the touch but didn't pull away. "Thorfinn… I know that name from somewhere," she muttered, and Thorfinn lifted his gaze to her face. His eyes widened and he wondered if he'd just been stupefied when he looked into none other than the face of Hermione Granger. Bloody hell, but the witch had grown into a stunner. Fuck. He was so screwed. The minute she put together that he was a Death Eater who'd tortured her friend and burned down the hut of her favourite teacher, she was going to skin him alive for touching her. "Well, if it isn't Hermione Granger," he drawled at her, unable to help himself. He found himself stepping closer to her, kind of liking the way she stepped back as he invaded her personal space. "You know me, then?" she muttered. "I know you're name from somewhere… wait… Thorfinn… as in Rowle ?" Her eyes jerked up to his face when the low and predatory laugh slipped between his lips while he walked her back until she collided with the bedroom door. "Hello, Kitten," he smirked at her as the alcohol induced fog seemed to clear in her eyes. Her gaze darted between his blue eyes, his damp blonde hair where it hung around his shoulders, the faded and scarred Dark Mark on his forearm, and his rock-hard cock before dancing back again. She gulped as she stared up at him while he pressed his hands to the door either side of her head, effectively trapping her in the cage of his arms. He'd know this little witch anywhere. In her first year, she'd made his final year at Hogwarts a pain in the arse. She'd ratted him out after catching him mid blowjob in the library and he'd hounded her all bloody year in retaliation. "Rowle," she whispered, her eyes narrowing slightly before her gaze darted down the length of his body to his cock once more when he stepped close enough that he could prod her with it through the leather she wore. "Miss me, Baby-girl?" he asked, unable to keep the predatory tone from his voice or the lustful glow from his gaze. "No," she retorted. "What are you doing in my hotel room?" "Told you. Woke up in here. Probably Toshka's doing. He know you're staying here?" Thorfinn raised an eyebrow at the witch, his eyes sliding down to drink in the wanton sight of her, breasts exposed, back pressed to the wall, eyes wide and her expression torn between angry and lustful. "Probably," she admitted. "Considering he's been stalking me since the end of the war." "Before then," he corrected her. "Since you survived his curse at the Department of Mysteries. Though I see he left you a souvenir." Thorfinn eyed the purple flame marks that adorned her rib-cage below her breasts, looking more like an intriguing tattoo more than the result of a wretched curse meant to kill her. "He's thoughtful that way," she replied coolly. "Is there a reason you're naked in my hotel room now that you know who I am?" He was certain his grin was pure wickedness. "Because I'm going to get you naked too, Kitten," he promised her in a low, husky voice, pressing even closer so that she'd be able to feel the heat coming off his cock, even through the leather of her outfit. "I'm all sweaty and sticky," she told him, as though that might deter him. Thorfinn smirked when that seemed to be the only excuse she could come up with as to why he shouldn't strip her naked and hard-fuck her into the door, the floor, the bed and every other surface in the room. "Not yet, Baby-girl," he chuckled. "But real soon, you will be." He tangled a hand into her loose curls and tipped her head to receive his kiss before he swooped down to kiss the lips of the witch he would admit to having daydreamed about more than once in the past. Thorfinn half expected her to pull away and slap him right across the face. He didn't expect the low moan of delight that tore from her, but he swallowed it greedily as he slipped his tongue in to smooth along the length of hers. ~O~O~O~O~O~O~ He tasted like fire felt. Hot and cold and sinful and heady all at once and Hermione knew she was lost. She didn't have the strength to fight him off or push him away. Not when he looked like he'd been carved from pure gold, a perfect creation of the gods. Not when his tongue tasted of whiskey, and need, and a desire so profound it rocked through her and heated her body as though she'd just stepped into a line of dragon-flame. If it weren't for the hand he'd tangled into her hair, Hermione suspected her knees would've given out, the feel of his tongue against hers was so sinfully good. Her core throbbed and Hermione knew three things in that moment. The first was that it had been entirely too long since she'd been laid. The second was that she'd had entirely too much to drink. The third was that the first two things meant she was going to shag Thorfinn Rowle; Death Eater, school tormenter, and all around pervert. Whimpering in the back of her throat, Hermione gripped his chiselled torso tightly, pulling him closer to her, wanting more. He laughed against her lips even as he began peeling her out of the cat-suit Ginny had forced her into in an attempt to make Ron see what a fool he was for ending their relationship several months