A/N: This plunny sprung into existence because Ash and Shaya are terrible influences on me. *glares whilst grinning*. I can't wait to see what you make of it. Much love! xx-Kitten. Worth the Wait By Kittenshift17 Ten years of planning had gone into this one night and Sirius Black couldn't entirely hide his smile as he watched his first love throw back the glass of whiskey he'd just handed her. She was celebrating her forty-fifth birthday and she was already well and truly tipsy. And Sirius wouldn't have it any other way. "Happy birthday, Minnie," he grinned, passing her another glass when she emptied the first one. "I shouldn't have another," she said, a mischievous twinkle in her eyes as she eyed him. "You're a bad influence, Mr Black, you always have been." "You love me," Sirius smirked at his former Transfiguration teacher, unable to take his eyes off the beautiful woman. "Certainly sure of yourself, aren't you?" Minnie wrinkled her nose at him, accepting the drink and sipping it with a little more care than the skol-tricks she'd been pulling so far. He had to give it to her; the woman could hold her whiskey. "Saying I shouldn't be, beautiful?" Sirius asked, shooting her a wink. He'd been trying to talk his way into her knickers since he'd been twelve years old. She'd been his first crush. His first love. His first erection. That had been awkward. Being dressed down and scolded for knowing too many Transfiguration tricks had taken on a new meaning when rather than hanging his head in shame, his other head had sat up, suddenly paying attention at the sight of her heaving bosom and flushed pink cheeks while she shouted at him. "You are inappropriate, Mr Black," she chided gently, always trying to re-draw that line between student and teacher no matter that he'd graduated years ago. "You like me that way," Sirius said. She looked away, biting her lip. Sirius loved that though she denied it, she secretly liked the attention of being hit on by someone as young and as handsome as him. The first time he'd called her beautiful she'd scolded him. And the second. And the fifteenth. He'd gotten a right talking to when he'd sent her a Valentine's card in second year. What could he say, she was beautiful, she was brilliant, and by Gods, he wanted to remind her of all the reasons that forty-five and finished with her third marriage or not, she was utterly desirable. "Why are you here, Mr Black?" she asked, eyeing him. Sirius had thrown her a birthday party, much to her mortification, and he couldn't help but be pleased that she'd not only attended this year – something she'd refused to do the first time he'd suggested it – but also that she was still there and still drinking with him. "Here, in my flat?" Sirius confirmed, smirking. Minnie looked around, maybe a little more intoxicated than she was letting on. "Goodness me!" she exclaimed. "So it is. My apologies. I should… I'm keeping you up. Why do you continue plying me with whiskey when you're waiting for me to leave, foolish boy?" "Oh, I'm not waiting for you to leave, love," Sirius smiled wickedly at her. "I'm waiting for you to realise I'm trying to talk my way into your knickers. Actually, I'm waiting on the terms of your surrender." "My surrender!" she exclaimed. "You wicked little beast! My surrender, indeed! You, Mr Black, wouldn't know what to do with the terms of my surrender." Sirius felt his heart soar. Oh, he'd never gotten that reaction before. In the past it had always been admonishment about his young age, how he'd been her student, and how inappropriate such notions were. "I think we both know that's not true, Minnie," Sirius smiled slowly. "You caught me with my trousers down often enough that I'd reckon you know that I know exactly what do to should you finally surrender." She eyed him. "Always so confident," she muttered, raking her green eyed gaze over him, assessing. "What are you playing at, lad? I'm double your age. Older, even. You flatter me, I'll admit, and I'll even admit to liking it a time or two. But really, Sirius, I'm forty-five. I was your teacher. Your head of house." "You were the woman of all my teenage fantasies," Sirius corrected. "And you still star in a good deal of them." Minnie blushed pink, so pretty in the low light of his flat. Her birthday cake – half-eaten and forgotten – stood upon the kitchen bench across the room and the table where they sat was littered with bottles. "What goes on in your twisted mind, Sirius Black?" she demanded. "I could tell you," Sirius offered, smirking. "But I'd really prefer to show you, love. Just once. Our secret. I'd never tell a soul. A birthday treat. One time. What do you say?" "Sirius, I'm old enough to be your mother!" she protested, swallowing half her drink in two long gulps as though her mouth had gone dry with the very idea. "You're a better woman, by far, than my mother could ever be. You're young, you're beautiful, you're wickedly intelligent and I've fancied the pants off you since I was eleven." "I'm none of those things," Minerva said, looking away. "Let me show you?" Sirius murmured, reaching across the table slowly, his palm out, wondering if she'd take it. He held his breath, his heart pounding inside his chest, kicking out an uneven beat in his hopefulness. "I couldn't," she shook her head. Sirius felt his face fall for a moment. "Tell you what, then?" he said. "What about a birthday snog? You never did kiss the nearest bloke when you cut the cake, love. I made sure to be standing nearest, in case you would." "Scoundrel!" Minerva laughed at the very idea. "What on earth would you want to kiss the likes of me for, Black? You're the handsomest wizard I've ever laid eyes on. You could have any witch you wanted. Indeed, my recollections of discovering you in broom closets suggest you have had any number of them." "Practicing for you, Minnie," Sirius winked, having told her the same thing when she'd caught him numerous times during seventh year. "I'd hate to think that if I ever did talk my way into your knickers, I'd fumble about like a clumsy virgin. Had to make sure I'd do the job right when I got you." "When?" she asked, catching his word choice. "What? You think that rejecting me again this year will cease my attempts to woo you?" he teased lightly. "I'll keep asking until you wear down enough to agree or until you refuse to ever speak to me again and seek legal action, love. Go on, one kiss. Who would know? And if you like it…" She eyed him shrewdly for a moment. "One day, I might just agree and all of your teasing will backfire on you, Sirius Black," she mumbled, getting to her feet as she drained her glass once more. "One day all my dreams will come true," he corrected her, standing too, realising she meant to leave before she could do something Sirius would make certain she'd never regret. She eyed him curiously for a moment before very carefully, very slowly, reaching for his hand. "Just one kiss," she whispered, sliding closer and stretching on her toes to reach his lips. Sirius thought his heart might burst and he almost forgot how to snog when she brushed her lips to his gently. Tunnelling his fingers into her lustrous black hair with the very first hint of grey streaks at her temples, Sirius cupped her head carefully, slanting his lips over her and kissing her softly. Once, twice, lips on lips. When she didn't pull away, Sirius traced the shape of her lips with his tongue until she opened for him. He slipped inside, his tongue meeting hers to a starburst of colours behind his eyes. Gods, he wanted her! He swallowed the little sound he drew from her lips as he snogged her hungrily, the kiss deepening from an exploration of the idea into something hotter, something sharper, something better. She brought her hands up to rest them flat against his chest, leaning into him a little more as she kissed him back. "Please?" he whispered when she began to pull back, his free hand looping around her waist, pressing her to him, letting her feel the steely length of his desire for her. "You're barmy for wanting me," she told him, leaning in and kissing him again. Sirius grinned against her lips. He'd never wanted any other woman like he wanted this one. Oh, he did, but he'd gotten them all. All except Minnie. She'd always resisted and her surrender was all the sweeter for the time it had taken to earn it. "Just once?" he asked her softly when she pulled away once more. "For your birthday. I'll never bother you again if you don't like it." "Do you have any idea how long it's been?" she asked, blinking at him, breathless. Sirius shrugged. "I can change that." She regarded him for a moment as Sirius slowly leaned into her, trailing kisses over her lips and along her jaw, down her neck. She didn't stop him, tipping her head and sighing softly. One of her hands moved up to thread through his long hair and Sirius just knew he had her. He wouldn't rush or botch it. Not with this woman. "I shouldn't," she whispered breathlessly when he nipped her neck softly, finding a spot that made her purr. "Please?" Sirius whispered again, his hands smoothing around her waist, pressing her closer, showing her how much he wanted her, how much he'd always wanted her. "Just once," she muttered into his hair when Sirius pulled gently at the fastenings of her dress. He thought he might die of shock at her surrender, and he fought the urge to crow in delight. He even kept his utterance of 'finally' to himself. Scooping his hands under her arse, he hiked her up his body, capturing her lips once more and carrying her down the hall to his bedroom. She tensed and squeaked in surprise, making Sirius chuckle at her reaction. Inside his bedroom, he kicked the door closed and set her down, laying her down upon the bed and kissing her neck as he pulled at the front ties holding her dress closed. She moaned softly at the attentions, fingers in his hair as she arched into him softly. Sirius's cock ached to be buried inside her but he wanted to take his time, to ravish every inch of her slowly. He didn't know if he'd ever have this chance again and he wasn't going to fuck it up, no matter what his cock wanted. When he managed to loosen the ties, he peeled her dress open slowly, lifting her enough to pull it off her arms until it bunched at her waist. He laved every inch of her with his tongue, peeling her out of her bra, too. Minerva hissed, arching and purring when he reached one of her breasts and slowly, carefully drew the taut peak into his mouth. Sirius kind of liked that for all her little sounds of pleasure, she didn't attempt to talk. He might enjoy the sound of her voice, but he'd never imagined her as being over chatty in the bedroom. And Merlin knew he'd imagined her in the bedroom more times than he could count. He feared he might wake up tomorrow with sticky sheets and realise this was all just another of his dreams about his favourite teacher. Sirius took his time with her, slowly working his way south, peeling her out of her dress and her knickers until she laid bare before him. That she was self-conscious was obvious