Of Ticking Clocks & Beating Hearts Chapter 1: Formulating a Plan "Excuse me?" a soft voice asked of Hermione Granger, breaking the silence of the library. Hermione looked up, peering at the young girl standing in front of her in surprise. She was maybe a first year student and looked terrified to be addressing a sixth year student. "Can I help you?" Hermione asked, pasting a smile on her face and pretending that the interruption wasn't an inconvenience. "Erm… are you Hermione Granger?" the little Hufflepuff girl asked her, her cheeks blooming a becoming pink with her nervousness. "Yes, I am," Hermione confirmed, frowning a little now wondering what the little girl possibly wanted. The girl's fearful face smoothed into an expression of relief. "Oh good. I've been looking for you. Professor Dumbledore asked me to deliver this to you when I was on my way out of the Great Hall after lunch. I asked all my friends and they all knew who you were but we didn't know where to find you. Eventually a fourth year boy overheard me asking everyone where I could find you and he told me that you're usually in the library." "Ok. Erm… well thank you," Hermione said, frowning as she took the rolled up scroll of parchment from the girl. "That's ok. I'm sorry it took me so long. And I think Professor Dumbledore said it was rather urgent, so maybe you might want to go and see him now…." The girl said, "Well…. Goodbye." With that she skipped away and Hermione could tell the little thing was pleased to have successfully completed her task. Shaking her head fondly as she remembered her own time as a first year, Hermione unfurled the scroll of parchment, wondering what Dumbledore wanted. Dear Miss Granger, I hope this finds you well. Please report to my office as a matter of some urgency at your earliest convenience. Be aware that this meeting may take up a rather large amount of your evening and prepare for this before arriving. Sincerely, Professor Albus Dumbledore. P.S. I am particularly fond of sugar mice. Hermione stared at the note of summons for a moment before sighing as she glanced back at the Defence Against the Dark Arts essay she had been working on for Snape that was due tomorrow. There was no way she was going to get it finished in time. Not if she was expected to spend any great amount of time with Dumbledore. What was wrong with the greasy git anyway? Who in their right mind would set a two thousand word essay on Dementors and their effectiveness as the guards of Azkaban Prison due one day after issue? Hermione knew she was one of the only students in the year likely to be able to submit anything of worth, and yet Snape insisted, even after she had protested, that there would be no extension on the time allowed. Glaring at the half-written essay, Hermione waved her wand to pack up her belongings and carried the books she intended to check out over to the pinched librarian. What in Merlin's beard could Dumbledore want with her that would take a while anyway? Grumbling under her breath, Hermione stuffed the books into her bag before Banishing all of the belongings to her bed in the sixth year Gryffindor dormitory. She strode quickly through the halls, rolling her eyes when she strode past Lavender Brown giggling with Parvati about something. When she reached the entrance to Dumbledore's office Hermione gave the password and watched the gargoyle spring aside to reveal the staircase that led to the headmaster's private office and quarters. She knocked when she reached the door and waited until she heard a call for her to enter before she opened the heavy door and strode into the office. "Professor Dumbledore?" Hermione called, seeing no movement in the office aside from Fawkes who trilled a greeting at her from his perch, "Hello Fawkes, is Professor Dumbledore in?" The phoenix blinked at her and a moment later Hermione heard the soft voice of the Headmaster. "Good Evening Miss Granger," he greeted her warmly. "Hello Professor. You wanted to see me?" "Yes, I did. How are you?" "Sir?" Hermione asked, taken aback. "I am enquiring after your health my dear. It is the polite way to begin a discussion, and I have much I wish to speak to you about this night." Dumbledore replied, smiling gently as he slipped into his high backed chair behind his desk. Blushing Hermione nodded, "I'm well, sir. And you?" "Troubled, I'm afraid," he told her, waving a hand at her to have a seat while he settled himself into the chair behind his desk, "Would you like a spot of tea?" "Erm… if it's not too much trouble Professor," Hermione said to be polite. She watched in fascination as the man waved his wand and a tea tray with cups, saucers and all the other things needed for tea levitated over, the ingredients and utensils taking care of their own brewing and pouring. When Hermione looked back at the headmaster she found him watching her over her half-moon spectacles. "Your studies are going well I trust?" he asked conversationally, sensing her discomfort. "Yes, sir," Hermione confirmed. "And I trust that Mr Potter has been keeping you informed on the goings on within my meetings with him?" "He has, sir," she nodded. "You are also aware of the work of the Order of the Phoenix and the dealings with Lord Voldemort?" "To some extent, sir," Hermione replied, shifting in her seat, "Is everything alright, Professor? You haven't called me here to tell me that something's happened to my parents or anything, have you?" "No my dear, as far as I am aware your parents are quite well," He smiled softly, reassuring her that they must be fine. "Then if you don't mind my asking, sir, what is it you wanted to discuss with me?" Hermione said, "I don't mean to be rude or blunt, but I've an essay I need to finish for Professor Snape that is due tomorrow and I've barley just begun it." "It seems unlike you to leave things until the last minute," he commented. "He only set it in class this afternoon, sir," Hermione explained, "A two thousand word essay on the effectiveness of Dementors as the guards of Azkaban Prison. It's due by the beginning class tomorrow." Professor Dumbledore frowned at that. "That seems an unreasonably short amount of time to complete such a task." "I suggested that to him sir, but he just snapped at me and took five points from me for back-talking him," Hermione explained. "I will perhaps have a word to him. That's much too short a time for anything of worth from any but the absolute best students…. He has never been an easy man to deal with, but this is preposterous," Dumbledore mused and Hermione blushed to hear a teacher speaking ill of another teacher. "It is actually Severus that I wanted to speak to you about Miss Granger," Dumbledore continued, "I trust you are aware that Severus is a spy for the Order, working to gather information and lay false trails for Tom Riddle regarding Harry and the movements of the Order?" Hermione nodded. "What Harry will not have told you as he is unaware of it, is that it was Severus who overheard the Prophecy that exists between Harry Potter and Tom Riddle and passed that information on to Voldemort before he joined our side many years ago." Hermione opened her mouth in surprise, knowing exactly why Dumbledore had kept that particular nugget of information to himself. If Harry were to ever learn that it was because of Snape that Voldemort had begun hunting his parents in the first place Hermione wouldn't be at all surprised if Harry killed the man. "A very unfortunate turn of events, one that Severus tried to rectify and caused his change in allegiance when he realised he had inadvertently doomed James and Lily Potter, causing their needless deaths, among the many others that were lost during the First War…." Dumbledore was quiet for a while after that and Hermione picked up the tea cup that had drifted over to rest on the desk in front of her in order to have something to do, sensing that Professor Dumbledore was trying to gather his thoughts and meant to continue. And that he didn't want to hear any comment on Hermione's feelings about Snape for what he had done so far in the past. "More than once these past thirty years there have been moments when I think to myself, ' if only there was some way we could do it again and do it differently' …" Hermione lifted her eyes to stare at Dumbledore and wondered about the twinkle in those blue depths. "It does not do to dwell on ' if onlys' , Sir" Hermione murmured softly, frowning at the words of the Headmaster. "Quite so, Miss Granger, for usually there is little that can be done to change the cast of the die once they are thrown…" he mused. Hermione sipped her tea, wondering what any of this had to do with her. "Do you recall your use of the Time-Turner during your third year Miss Granger?" he asked suddenly. "Of course, sir. I used it to attend the many classes I was taking and to save Sirius and Buckbeak from being wrongly executed," Hermione replied immediately. "Indeed," He murmured, "You recall all the rules that surrounded you being given permission to use a time-tuner, do you not?" "I do. No using it to change anything more than twenty-four hours in the past, no using it to wreak havoc where there does not need to be any, and do not allow yourself to be seen." Dumbledore nodded. "Miss Granger, there are a great many things I must share with you this night, things you must share with no one else. Do you understand?" "Yes Professor," Hermione said, frowning now at the higglty-pigglty mash-up of his train of thought and the way he kept hopping between topics. "Very good…. the first thing I must share with you, is that I am going to die before the year is out." Hermione stared, silently shaking her head in denial. "It is true my dear," he said ruefully, lifting his hand and displaying a nasty, withered looking appendage, "A nasty curse I encountered that was designed to kill quickly upon contact. It has been contained, but it is slowly killing me. In any case, were it not true, I would still die." "But Professor you're our best hope against Voldemort," Hermione protested. "No my dear, Harry is our best and only hope…. Harry, and perhaps you." "Sir?" "Unfortunately I cannot share everything with you. What I brought you here to discuss Miss Granger, is the upcoming war. You know of the Horcruxes created by Voldemort, and I suspect you know that Harry will be in need of your help next year when he searches for them in the wake of my death. I hope he will be successful in getting all of them, however there is still the prophecy to contend with." Dumbledore paused and glanced at Hermione as though to make certain she was following his train of thought. "There is a very real chance that Harry will soon face Lord Voldemort on the Battlefield, and that when he does, he may die," Dumbledore announced, "And should Harry fall, all hope will be lost to the darkness, for no one else will be able to ever kill Tom Riddle. That my dear, is where I am hoping you will come in." "Sir?" Hermione asked, completely confused and somewhat distressed by the idea of Harry dying and Voldemort winning. "A back-up plan, if you will…," Dumbledore began, "I want to discuss with you the possibility of sending you back in