The girl's screams echoed around the clearing near the only river in their Californian town. "Edward!" Her scream bounced off the trees and she stood, soaking wet and unhappy. She forcefully strode out of the river and shot him a glare as she grabbed a towel off a branch nearby. He couldn't stop himself from taking her in as she dried off. He was, in fact, a teenage guy and Rosalie was an extremely beautiful teenage girl. Her hair was a soft blonde and her eyes shone a pale blue, like the sea illuminating from her pale skin. "You need to quit throwing me in the river." She grumbled, placing the towel on a tree branch and making her way closer to Edward. His bronze hair reflected in the waning light and she tried to keep the smile off her face. "Rosalie!" Her name echoed around the forest as Alice stormed into the clearing. Alice was Rosalie's best friend and, by default, Edward's as well. Today her deep black hair was pulled back tightly instead of in the usual spikes, giving her the appearance of a stern teacher. "You were supposed to come to dinner a half an hour ago." She put her hands on her hips and shot Edward a glare, obviously already anticipating Rosalie's answer. "Blame Edward." She said with a shrug, gathering her things and walking over to Alice, the towel left forgotten back on the branch. "I'm ready now." She continued, ignoring Alice's eye roll. Alice said nothing as they trekked through the woods and away from the hidden meadow. "Next time, I'm just going to leave you." Alice threatened climbing into the driver's seat of her car. Rosalie didn't answer, simply staring out the window of the passenger side having heard the empty threat countless times before. Edward continued the familiar dance by adding, "I'll watch the clock next time." With only one, "See that you do," from Alice, the dance was over and they rode in silence. They raced through the sleepy town to get to their favorite diner, the one they ate at nearly everyday. "My parents are in Greece. Jasper's gone with them this time." Rosalie said quietly, not taking her eyes of truck's window to the outside world. Alice sighed a nearly inaudible sigh. Rosalie's parents never wanted children, that much was obvious from their lifestyle. Every month they travelled to a new place and every month they left Rosalie and her twin brother, Jasper, alone in a giant house on top of the cliff overlooking the tiny town. Sometimes, the twins were happy to have the house to themselves. They took it as a time to host parties or order takeout for every meal and give their cooks some time off. More often though, they were left feeling like the abandoned children they were. Of course, they didn't show it. The twins were well aware that their successful parents and massive mansion left them very little to complain about. Still, Rosalie would retreat into herself, as she was doing now. Especially with Jasper having gone with her parents, which was rare, she would be completely alone in the mansion. The car pulled to a stop outside the restaurant. Alice sighed and shut off the engine. Rosalie continued to look out the window, paying no notion to the lack of movement. "I'm sleeping at your house tonight." Alice announced, removing the keys from the ignition, but not moving to get out of the car. They sat there in silence, waiting from some response. Rosalie didn't seem as though she heard or cared. Alice looked over at Edward, concern in her eyes and he shrugged, about to open the door to get Rosalie out of the car. Alice quickly shook her head and turned back to Rosalie, Edward's hand frozen on the door handle as he watched them. She snapped her fingers forcefully until Rosalie turned, a blank stare and confusion on her face. "Sorry?" She questioned slowly, looking around as if she just came out of a long sleep. "Don't be sorry." Alice said sharply. "I'm sleeping over tonight. But first, we're eating here so shape up." The change was almost remarkable. It was as if Rosalie was suddenly coming out of slow motion. She held her head up and put on a beautiful smile for Alice. "That's my girl." Her eyes didn't change with her expression, though. They still reflected the sadness and loneliness that Alice and Edward could sense inside of her. Edward quickly slid out of the car, intent on opening her door and encircling her in his arms. Before he could open her door, she quickly got out and strode past him into the diner. Alice appeared next to him then and they watched Rosalie glide into the restaurant without a word. When the door closed, Alice let out a huge sigh and seemed to deflate. "Must be hard being a teenage mother." He joked quietly, glancing at Alice to see her eyes closed; she looked so tired, caring for Rosalie's constant mood swings was starting to wear her down. At the comment, her eyes shot open and the tired look was replaced by a more practiced, stern look. She didn't say anything, just walked forward to join their friends. Emmett McCarty had been eating his burger, his arm protectively around his girlfriend when the door to the diner swung open and in walked Rosalie Hale. Her eyes scanned the room and when they met his, she shot him a little wave with a coy smile. He shot his head to the side, but his girlfriend, Angela, had her eyes on the burger she was trying to eat. Noticing this, his eyes shot back up to meet Rosalie's and she motioned to the back door of the diner. "Sweetheart, I'll be right back I just need to use the bathroom." Emmett said to Angela and she nodded sweetly, so trusting of her long time boyfriend. Angela could never have imagined that her boyfriend had the ability to betray her. In her head, they were pre-engaged, not just dating. She realized it wasn't practical to get engaged in high school which was the only reason why she assumed that they were waiting. Emmett strode across the diner, but before he made it to the bathroom a delicate hand shot out and grabbed him by the shirt, pulling him out the backdoor. "Did you miss me?" Rosalie asked, pulling him playfully into the alley. Emmett still could not believe, even two months later, that anyone half as beautiful as Rosalie Hale would want anything to do with him. "Em." She demanded. Emmett never let anyone, not even Angela, call him Em. He thought it was a childish and feminine name, not masculine like Emmett. Emmett was who he was since grade school. But out of Rosalie's mouth it was heaven. He wasn't himself when he was with Rosalie so it was only fitting that he would get a new name with her too. "Yes, I missed you very much." He answered gruffly, preoccupied by the sight of her tongue darting out to wet her lips. A wicked grin spread across her face while she took note of where his eyes had drifted to. She considered the boy standing before her carefully. He was gorgeous, that was obvious. Curly brown hair falling into piercing blue eyes which met her gaze as he looked straight at her, taking in her angelic appearance. "Rosalie, this is wrong." He said slowly, glancing back at the door that would take him into the diner and back to Angela. The grin dropped from Rosalie's face. She quickly took Emmett's face in her hands and raised her lips to meet his. They were met with no resistance as Emmett wrapped his noticeably large arms around her waist and pulled her closer. His guilt was shoved away by desire as Rosalie moaned softly against his mouth. Too soon for him, she pulled back and rested her forehead against his chest. She could feel his heart beating a mile a minute and reached up to place a lazy kiss against his neck. "You can't come over tonight. Alice is sleeping over." He groaned quietly, not wanting to spend the night without her. "We still have Sunday, baby." She said softly, listening to his heartbeat slow as he regained control. "See you then." She pulled back from him and fixed her hair before walking back into the diner. Edward eyed Rosalie suspiciously as she joined them at the table. "Have fun?" He teased her only to be met with a glare. "It's the bathroom, Edward." Emmett walked back into the diner a moment later, joining Angela at their booth. Angela looked up at her boyfriend, frowning when she saw his eyes linger on Rosalie Hale. She couldn't deny that Rosalie was gorgeous, but Emmett really shouldn't be looking at her like that. "Hi, sweetheart." Angela said to get Emmett's attention back on her. He turned back to her, devotion written on his face. From her booth, Rosalie looked over at Emmett deep in conversation with his girlfriend. "Rose, I asked you a question." Edward said sharply to her. She didn't like the knowing look he gave her. "And I didn't hear it." She responded sharply, turning back to him. His green eyes lit up in amusement. "I guess your mind is just on…other things today." He commented dryly, leaning back in the booth. She resisted the urge to slap the smug smile off his face. "I guess." She said, her face twisting in anger as the glare threatened things to Edward that she didn't need to say out loud. Alice watched the pair of them with relative disinterest. Her gaze wandered around the diner, barely landing on any particular group before moving to look at the next. At Angela and Emmett's table, she paused. It was obvious to her that Emmett and Rosalie were fooling around, but she couldn't quite grasp how it had happened. Alice had known Emmett since they were kids. He was always a good kid, holding her hand, standing up to bullies, and playing the prince to her princess. Growing up, he remained that kind hearted guy which is why he was eventually drawn to Angela, the nicest girl Alice knew. Unfortunately, that was all that could be said of Angela. She was nice but not particularly interesting. Alice had tried on various occasions to befriend the girl out of respect for her and Emmett's relationship, but she simply could not hold a conversation. Emmett and Angela worked though in a way that Emmett and Rosalie didn't. "Quit checking out Tanya." Rosalie's voice sharply cut through Alice's memories, bringing her back to the pair sitting across from her. Edward rolled his eyes but took them off of the strawberry blonde across the diner. Rosalie moved closer to him in the booth, almost prompting an eye roll from Alice. Almost, but not quite. Instead she excused herself from the booth to use the bathroom. With her gone, Edward turned to Rosalie. "So you can go make out with Emmett McCarty but God forbid I even glance at Tanya Denali who, might I add, is single?" Edward demanded to know of her, his hand resting on the back of the booth. "Correct." Rosalie said simply, crossing her arms. "Oh, and you're sleeping over my house tonight, too." She added, waving her hand in a premature dismissal to his objections. "You know I can't." He sighed having had this fight many times before. She placed one of her hands on his chest and leaned closer. His green eyes were mesmerized as he looked at her. "Of course you can." She spoke softly, begging with her own eyes. The pleading in them was real. Edward wasn't stupid, he knew that Rosalie had the ability to play him like a harp but he also knew her, a product of a