This is a new kinda story that has been spinning in my head for awhile. It's influenced alot by Sword art online (doesn't include it's characters or story) and has some other games included in it. I'll introduce more of the gaming world as the story grows and more of the characters. Please feel free to review after reading, so I'll know if it has the potential to be something special. I had sat here for 10 minutes watching these guys fight over a stupid mistake. One of them was suppose to buy keys before we went in the Labyrinth. We had found the middle of it and the boss. Now all we needed was a platinum key that one of them was suppose to buy. I had a key that would work just fine but I enjoyed watching them bicker about it, so I kept silent. "Jazz we all know it was you who had that job!" The blonde girl said, I knew for a fact she was actually a male because they called him Em and threatened his balls when they really got in to fighting. His profession in the game was martial artist. Well that's what he was training for, for the poor guys didn't know you shouldn't just try to become one profession. Jazz was the thinly shaped, dark haired ranger of the group. He was the only one sticking to his true gender and now he looked menacingly at Em. "It so was not! If I remember correctly that job belonged to Ed or whoever was ready first." Their overreaction to one key told me they were closet nerds and friends in real life. But I liked their company, it was refreshing to play with guys who were trying to get better to fight in the front lines. I was one of the leaders in front lines and I knew these kinda people were the ones we needed there and well, this was my way to recruit people to my guild. Ed, who looked like an amazon warrior with strong shoulders, tall figure and long brown hair, was staring intently at the ground. He scratched the back of his head readying himself to confess that it might have been his fault. But I couldn't look at another cursing show, where they told Ed how he forgot too many things. "Guys no need to fight really, I have a key that fits that lock perfectly!" I laughed. They looked at me like I had gone crazy and at the same time with annoyance. With few hand moves I found the key I needed in my inventory, touching the image of it I equipped it. Now this key wasn't a platinum key at all. It was the Black Key. A key that dropped only from the last boss in the floor 45. I had gotten it the first time we beat that boss. It had unlimited uses and it could open any chest there was. As I got closer to the chest I heard the guys mutter few curses. I didn't let them see what key I was using, that would be too revealing. Opening the chest I got the list in front of me, it told me what was inside the chest. "So how are we gonna share these things today?" Scrolling through the list I could see there was nothing I needed and before they could bicker about the items I divided them between the three of them. Everyone got things that suited their profession because even if they tried they didn't really yet know which stats were actually beneficial for them. "Enthy why do you always do that? First ask but then just divide them before we actually have a say?" Even thou Em said it accusingly his voice had laughter in it. All of their eyes were tinkling with laughter, they were just happy they had done the Labyrinth in floor 37 and gotten new items to sell and use. "Well Merlo, I don't want to seem too impolite," I winked. I checked the time and realized I was suppose to be in bed by now, I had a flight to catch in the morning but gaming was just too much fun. "So everyone happy with the items?" "You didn't take anything to yourself again?" Jazz asked, eyebrow raised. "That's true." Even Ed had something say about it, "You never seem to take anything to yourself except potions and cooking ingredients. What's with that?" What could I say really? They didn't know who I really was, they only saw my real account name and the guild I was in from the mark I wore in my armor. I even I had illusions on all the time to keep my real appearance hidden, all they saw was a young girl with short light brown hair with big blue eyes and well, crappy armor. They still played with me, either because of the guild I was in or because they were nice people. And I liked to keep my identity hidden until they actually were a part of my guild and sworn to secrecy. Before I could give them my brilliant, rehearsed answer of how I was waiting for something good, two hooded figures approached us. I had heard them before they came out in the open but decided not to bother with idiots. Now as I saw them I realized that my vice presidents of the guild had gotten my message. Ashcan and Norm were two of my trusted guildies that took care of business when I was undercover. They walked slowly towards us, noticing how the guys had taken defensive stances beside me they raised their hands in surrender and took their hoods down. Ashcan had a long blonde hair that was braided carefully on top of hair, her clear blue eyes, that seemed cold and calculating, searched our faces for our account names. She stopped at me, gave a slight bow of greeting and laid her eyes on the guys again. The guys, knowing by now that they were in the same guild as me and high rank people, kept quiet. "My name is Ashcan as you already know and this is my husband in game Norm. We're both Vice Presidents of the guild Whispers of the Night and we're here today to give you the invite to this guild as personally asked by our leader Night Blade." Ashcan voice was authoritative but kind and sweet at the same time. The guys relaxed but were in shock of the news. Only chosen people got an invite to my guild and usually I hand picked them personally. "As you know by now, hopefully, this doesn't mean yet that you're in the guild. You're going to be tested for a month and after a month if your skill level meets the par our leader sets to you, you're in." "In two weeks there's a guild meeting for new members as yourself," Norm continued, "The one month time starts from that Saturday, not game time but real life time. Be there. That's a command. You will be instructed that day to everything there is to know about the guild." Norm was a well shaped man with dark eyes and light colored hair. His voice was that of Commander but I knew he actually was a nice guy behind all of that glamour. "As you already know being invited to the guild is highly unlikely, don't boast about it anywhere. Do not at any circumstances take it for granted or let it get to your head. The last guy who did those things has not been heard of, after he got kicked out." Ashcan was passionate about the guild, she wanted the reputation of our good name stay intact. "Do not in these two short weeks do anything that would reflect badly to the guild." "We're known for qualities as respectful, silent and helpful. Remember those qualities in the public places and wear the tag proudly and silently." Norm handed each of them the invite envelope that had been signed by myself. They took them eagerly and thanked them profoundly of this opportunity. "See you on Saturday! And remember to have fun." Aschan and Norm smiled warmly before walking away. They knew how to do their job, I would have to thank them again for their work. I turned to the guys, all of them engrossed in the invitation letter. "I guess a congratulation is in order?" Their happy faces stared at me now, "I don't know how but I know you had something to do with this so thank you, thank you so much for this." Ed was extremely happy that I could see. Jazz and Em said their thanks too, I just shook my head. "Guys, to get invited there's something in you they see, so don't thank me, it's all on yourselves." I smiled warmly at them, "But I do need to get back to real life now, so thank you for tonight's excitement and I'll catch you on Monday." Logging off, I sat up on my bed taking the helm off. Quickly doing my bedtime routine I went to sleep, blissfully happy of the new recruits. oO OO Oo I put the last of my bags near the door next to the other luggage I had. I went to the kitchen to get some breakfast before the flight. Phil was there drinking coffee and reading the newspaper. Exchanging quiet good morning I took a cup of coffee and some toast. I sat beside Phil, as he handed me to the cartoons section. It was our normal morning routine on weekdays but never on Sunday. I was taking another cup of coffee as Renée came, yawning loudly. She hugged me tightly, "Are you sure you want to go live with your father?" "Mom!" I whined, "I told you a millions of times why I want to go, Charlie needs company and besides you and Phil deserve to live without a moody teenage daughter for awhile." I winked at Phil who laughed wholeheartedly. Renée didn't stop fretting about it until we arrived in the airport and she realized, she couldn't change my mind. "Email me every chance you get and don't you forget it either. Call if you need anything and please remember you can come back anytime you want. Am I clear?" "Renée, she's old enough to know all that, so just say goodbye and let her go. She's strong." Phil was trying coax Renée to release me from the death grip of her hug. "Mom, I call you when I get there. I promise." She finally let me go, crying a little as I walked away. I felt bad leaving in the middle of school semester and everything but I felt that this was the right choice. oO OO Oo Reading the newest edition of Anveyon World magazine, I realized I was again in the spotlight. " Mysterious and fierce leader of the guild Whispers in the Night, Night Blade, has yet to be seen in real life. His gaming expertise is unique and as is his profession in game. Known as one of the 10 first beta players in United States, he's quoted to be the best illusionist in game. His real account name is well kept secret in his guild that he created two years ago after the game went officially public. Even his appearance is misguiding all the time. He's one of the four knights that take lead in the front lines, appearing out of thin air just in time. " Then it went on and on about the other three knights, which 2 of them I actually knew in real life. Jane and Alec Volturi were the Volturi Techs leaders Aro and Marcus Volturi's adopted children. Because Anveyon was Volturi Techs game I had met Jane and Alec in the first beta phase. The first beta phase consisted