Hello my fellow people! Yes, I am doing it again. I am posting another fanfiction. This fanfiction is vastly different because it is...Drum roll, please, TWILIGHT. Yes, I know, I know, it's blasphemy. I am going to hell. On the other hand, this is really for fun. My friend and I have gone Mary-Sue but in a good way, we swear. My story is from the POV of Cori Summers, titled "Blood Moon." While dramagirl9905 is the POV of Kris Summers, the twin sister of my character. Check out her story. It is titled "Blue Moon." We both have edited chapter one and are working diligently on chapter two. Disclaimer: No. I do not own Twilight. Obviously. I hope you enjoy! Here is "Blood Moon." Blood Moon A Place In This World " I don't know what I want, so don't ask me 'cause I'm still trying to figure it out. Don't know what's down this road. I'm walking Trying to see through the rain coming down." The rain came down in sheets as the windshield wipers worked overtime to keep the windows clear. My stomach lurched as another car came speeding around the curve, nearly sideswiping me. The driver was on his cell phone. Of course. My knuckles gripped the steering wheel tight which prevented me from flipping him off. The rain came down harder. Was that possible? The phrase "raining cats and dogs" came to mind. Or "the floodgates opened." The car slowed to a granny speed of 45 mph, even if it did annoy me to drive so slowly. This curve was still well, curving and while I trusted my driving, I didn't trust anyone else's. In LA it rained but nothing like this and not in a while. Most of California was in a drought period, going on two years now. Thus, rain was unfamiliar. Forks was famous for it's nearly constant grey skies and rain. I read somewhere they had a 90% overcast. Talk about a climate change. There goes my tan. The sun would no longer be my best friend. An umbrella would be. I suppose I'd have to get used to that. Forks, Washington. Our new home. Kris, my twin sister, was indifferent towards moving. I didn't want to move. I was leaving all my friends. LA was home. Not Forks, Washington. What really pissed me off was the fact that this was even necessary. It shouldn't be but it was. Are you certain this is an appropriate response, Ms. Summers? Steps have been taken, you don't have to resort to such drastic measures. My hands clenched the steering wheel so tight my knuckles were white. With a shaking hand, I turned up Halestorm. "I Miss The Misery" by Halestorm blared in the tiny car. I loved music. It was one of the few things that truly made me happy. Right now it was the only thing keeping me sane. Besides Kris. She's been my rock. Without her, I'm not sure what I would be like. My eyes darted to Kris curled up in the passenger seat. Even with the music up as loud as it could, she was still asleep. Kris could sleep through anything. The drive from Dad's home in San Bernardino, California to Forks, Washington was long . Kris thought we were leaving in the morning, but after seeing her and our dad fight for the fourteenth time (vast overstatement), we left yesterday at ten pm instead. I loved my father and my sister but there was only so much a girl could take before she lost her mind. It was time to go. Kris and I had switched off driving every five or six hours for basically an entire day now. We were nearly dead on our feet. We were three hours into my shift and Kris had fallen asleep forty-five minutes ago. As soon as she did, there might have been some speeding on my part. A little. Okay, I went 75 in a 45. Oops. Thank god Kris wasn't awake for my speeding, she would not have been happy. My music and Kris's rather adorable snoring kept me entertained. She talked in her sleep as well. Most of it was mumblings like "Cori you look like a cantaloupe" or "Why is it always the left shoe?" None of it made sense, but I enjoyed it. The baby blue Volkswagen Beetle that our dad gave us was a dream come true. It was driving smooth and steady. All right, the color might have made me want to gag but you could always fix a paint job. On either side of me were smears of green and brown, not even the metallic of other cars. My GPS (never trusted those things) sent me in the most back wards ass route. For all I knew, I could be going the wrong way. I could possibly be going in circles. I had no way of knowing. There was the option of calling the Cullens but I already felt like we were intruding. Obviously, Kris and I had to move out of our mom's house. The Incident had seen to that. And, even though it would have made more sense on paper to live with our dad, that wasn't a viable option, either. Kris and Dad were constantly at each other's' throats. So mom called up our godparents and told them about what happened and asked if we could stay with them. They said yes, which was a little bit surprising. We hadn't seen them in years. They were our godparents because Carlisle and Mom had been best friends in college, but they didn't really feel like part of the family or extended family anymore. They had been when Kris and I were growing up. But one day they stopped visiting us and we stopped visiting them and now they were not quite strangers but not quite family. Halestorm was not helping my mood. Time for something more cheerful. Disney music. That'll work. "I'll Make A Man Out Of You" was a great motivational song. Shang motivated me to belt out the lyrics like a banshee (I could sing when I wanted too but Kris was better. I wrote music and she could sing. Best combination ever.) which made the sudden sputtering of my car a surprise. Instantly, I pulled over to the shoulder. The car made a few pathetic noises then horror set in as as my brand new (to me, anyway) car made one last screeching sputter and died. "I'll Make A Man Out of You" died right in the middle of the first chorus and I was horrified. This was the worst thing ever. Who doesn't hate when the radio dies in the middle of a song? Okay, logically the worst part was being stranded in a new state in the rain with no idea how to get to my new home but still. Radio. Music gone . My sanity left with the music. The car was more than likely dead and we were very obviously lost. My mother's directions were confusing and the wonky GPS didn't help. The woods were dark and spooky in typical small town fashion. With the radio off, the silence was chilling. There was only Kris's and my breathing. And we were lost. More than likely no where near our destination. My eyes flicked over to Kris. She was still passed out, mouth wide open as if she was trying to catch flies...was that drool ? No matter. There were more pressing matters. Take the broken vehicle for instance. Of course the question remained: to wake up Kris or not wake up Kris? Not. My pride said I could handle this. She didn't need to hold my hand. So what if the car was acting up and we were stuck in the middle of a forest? (It was a Jason Voorhees movie ready to happen.) I was a grown-ass woman who could take care of herself. Sighing, I unbuckled my seatbelt. I could do this. No problem. a storm and a broken vehicle. I've got this. Braving the weather, I finally got out of my car. Okay, our car. Dad gave it to us but it's a cute Volkswagen Beetle and it does not fit Kris' personality. I meant that in the nicest way possible. My shirt and hair were soaked the second I walked out. Yeah, swimsuit would've been a good idea. Rain didn't usually bother me but this was ridiculous. Did it ever end? I opened the hood and looked at the engine with... confusion . It was making a few sputtering noises still. The heat radiating off the engine could be either good or bad. How was I supposed to know? While cars were pretty and I wish I knew more about them, I didn't. For all I knew the oil needed changed or the radiator was overheating. I was doomed. The engine made another noise, like nails on chalkboard or a cat screeching; then it started smoking. The faint smell of burning metal filled my nose. Well, this might be a cause for panic. Slamming the hood down probably wasn't the best thing - how that did not wake up Kris I have no bloody idea. My tennis shoes made an awful squishing noise as I trekked to the driver's side and got back in the car, which admittedly, probably wasn't a good idea. Staying in a smoking car? Yeah, bad idea. Not to mention water on the leather seats! My concern over the leather seats and not the smoking broken car was not logical. Wiping my hands on my semi-dry jeans, I pulled out my cell phone, dialed my dad's number and waited (im)patiently for him to answer. "Cori?" "Hey, Dad. When was the last time the car you gave us got...Uh, tuned up? Looked at? Whatever. Did you make sure it was all up to..." Um. What was that term? Speed? I don't know. My lack of knowledge regarding cars could fill a book. Kris knew more about cars than me but that didn't say much. "When was the last time the car got looked at?" We'll go with that. "Yeah, yeah, the car is fine. My friend Dave looked at it. You remember Dave? I won it from him at a poker game." Dave? Who the hell was Dave? Why do we care about Dave? Why would I remember Dave? Another note: the fact he won it in a poker game was not encouraging. Who decides to get a car at a poker game? Did that not sound shady to him at all? Sometimes my inner Kris comes out and makes me wonder what our mother ever saw in our father. I groaned. "That's fantastic." "Why?" Dad asked. "Is something wrong?" No. This was a completely necessary call at seven pm. "Oh, you know. It broke down." Pretty sure that qualified as something wrong. He sighed. "Did you want me to come get you and bring you home?" "No, Dad. We are moving. Remember?" Apparently he didn't. "Our new home is going to be Forks, Washington." "It wouldn't have to be if you weren't overreacting about this boy." Telling me that I was overreacting was always a sure-fire way to piss me the hell off, no matter how much I like to think I was a calm person. As Kris lovingly tells me, when I was angry, I was this cute little ball of rage. Her words. I threw a water bottle at her when she said that the first time. "Overreacting," My voice rose to an unbearable shriek. Kris yelled. I did not. "Don't tell me I am overreacting." The thing was, when I was really angry, I cried. I hated it. I was fucking furious but I could feel tears threatening to spill. Here I was trying to have some balls and tears . Trying to calm down, I took a deep breath. When I