Chapter One I had no warning as his lips crashed against mine with a sudden intensity that would have taken my breath away if he had allowed me to breathe. He had forced me up against the wall while his friends were looking on. Each one had the same hungry expression in their eyes, the same one that matched his. They laughed as they heard my cries of pain as he dug his fingernails into my skin at my shoulder and slowly dragged them down my arms, all the while kissing my lips and forcing his tongue down my throat. I looked around trying to find something with which to hit him with trying to make an escape. "Oh no you don't!" He growled in my ear as he grabbed my wrists, squeezed them tightly and slammed my arms into the wall, forcing me to lay flat against the wall. His friends laughed at me as I cried out again. It didn't matter where I looked I saw their sneering faces, anticipating their enjoyment of my torture. I tried to stifle my cries knowing that would only increase their pleasure. I was wondering where my father was, he should have heard my cries and their laugher by now. It was then that I remembered that no one was there. They were all out to lunch. No one was going to come and save me. I was going to be beaten, multiple times, and possibly murdered and the only witnesses was the man who had his whole body pressed up against mine and the four onlookers that were waiting for their turn. In the same instance I also realized that I was nothing to him. All of those weeks thinking that he loved me and cared about me were just a joke to him. I was just his possession, his toy that he could use as he wished and share with his friends. I couldn't stop my cry of pain as this realization hit. He misunderstood it. "Do you like that Baby?" He whispered in my ear, his teeth nearly piercing the skin of my ear lobe. He didn't give me a chance to respond as he brought his lips back to mine. I gave up then, I shut down, not allowing myself to feel anymore, and yes it still hurt, every bruise, every gash from his nails or teeth, every scratch that I got from him pounding me against the wall and where the cinderblock rubbed my bare skin. But I never made another sound. He seemed to notice the difference. "Don't be like that Baby." He sighed slightly. He released me, taking a few steps away from me, I collapsed onto the floor. He started slowly removing every piece of clothing that I had on, like we were playing strip poker and I was loosing. He exaggerated each motion like he wanted a reason to touch me a little while longer. I didn't care how long he took. It kept the pain at bay for a couple of minutes. I was down to my undergarments and shoes when he took a step back and started to unbutton his shirt. He stopped as we heard a noise coming from the door of the shop. "Is anyone in here?" I couldn't see him, my view was blocked by a car, but I knew who he was by the sound of his voice. It was the new custodian that my daddy had hired to help around the shop, Emmett McCarty. Apparently he had come back from lunch early. "What the –?" he trailed off as he, I assumed, looked at the four men standing there looking at him. My boyfriend, Royce King, rose slowly. "I thought you guys were on lunch break." "We are." Royce replied, and then amended. "Sort of." I stiffened on the floor as they started laughing again. I dared not breathe nor draw attention to myself fearing that Emmett might notice me and want to join in. I had no idea how he would react to seeing me. He was only hired just the other day. I didn't know anything about him. As long as the men's attention was otherwise drawn, I was spared for a few more moments. "I don't know what that was for." Emmett said in reference to their laughter. "But I know the boss is not going to be happy if he finds out that you guys were in here eating in here, and that you brought in your friends." "Oh, my apologies Mr. Suck-up-to-the-boss man." Royce sneered as he waked away from me and towards the door. One of his friends dared a glance down at me and then followed the rest behind Royce. "We left a mess over there, would you mind cleaning it up, since that is your job?" I could barely hear his whispered comment. His friends' laughter roared behind him. I listened as their footsteps went outside and went out of my range of hearing. I also listened for Emmett. What was he going to do? Check to see what kind of 'mess' they had made, or leave and go on his lunch break. As much as I hoped it was the latter, hope disappeared as I heard him approach. I could see him now through the windows of the car, though his eyes were turned away from mine, looking back at the door, after Royce, wondering what had happened before he came in. I could see his top half; he was wearing his work shirt, unbuttoned completely to reveal a white tank top that stuck to his profound musculature due to the exertion of a long morning's work in the 90 degree weather. His face, having well defined angles, still looked babyish though I knew he was 20 years old. His dark brown hair was matted on top of his head in curly patterns from the sweat that seemed to cover him from head to toe. Though he was so imposing in the physical sense of the word, he still had an innocent quality to him that I had found endearing this morning. I remember him smiling at me as he greeted my daddy and me, seeing the dimples form in his cheeks, watching the way his bright blue eyes sparkled when he addressed me. After what Royce had done, I found nothing innocent in him. He was just like them, all men were the same, they only thought of women as possessions, something to be had and to be used at their disposal. I lost control of my silence as a shocked cry left my lips and was carried through the air into his ears. He turned to me finally where I lay on the floor with my clothes arranged haphazardly around me. I didn't like the intensity of his stare. His blue eyes were no longer sparkling. They were hard like gemstones and bored into mine. I heard him mutter something under his breath with his slight southern accent as he ran to the other side of the car. I started shaking uncontrollably as my tears flowed freely down my face and my cries ripped through my body. I searched desperately for my clothes through my blurry vision impaired by tears. Each piece I was able to retrieve I held to my self shielding me from him, however pointless it may have been. I was searching for my work shirt when I noticed he had taken a few steps forward to kneel and grab my shirt off the floor to hand it to me. I cringed away from his offering hand and scrambled farther away from him. "I was only going to give this back to you." I could tell that he was trying not to scare me again by using a small calming tone, but I didn't dare look at him. I could see that he dropped my shirt and then stood up. "I'll give you a sec to put your clothes back on." I saw his boots turn away from me and walk over to the other side of the car. The car slumped toward me as he leaned up against it. I waited for a few moment's wondering if he was going to leave or just stand there, trying to look at me through the side mirrors. After a few seconds of him just sitting there, breathing in and out calmly and steadily, I figured he wasn't going to leave. I quickly went to drag my Bermuda shorts back on, wincing as the fabric hit sensitive areas. I held my breath as I pulled my tank top over my head so as not to cry out again. My arms were sore and I had one really bad gash on my right shoulder from where Royce slammed me against the wall the first time. I quickly scurried over to where Emmett had dropped my work shirt and pulled my arms through the short sleeves. Not knowing what else to do I just sat there, afraid to move to stand thinking my legs wouldn't support me. I hadn't heard Emmett come back around the car. I gasped in surprise as I saw his hand outstretched, palm up, towards me. I scooted farther away from him as I finally looked into his eyes. They were no longer hard and intense, but soft and sparkling again, looking ashamed as well as concerned at the same time. "I'm sorry." He slowly pulled his hand back. "I was only going to offer to help you stand up. But I can understand your reaction after what you just went through." He dropped his head down to my level. "I promise you, I will never hurt you like that, ever." His eyes burned with a different type of intensity, one that I wasn't scared of but had a seal of a promise in it. He offered me his hand again, not just in offering me help but asking me to trust him. I looked at him for a long moment, biting my lip. Should I trust just his word, or not? He seemed to have reverted back to the innocent looking boy that I saw not just three hours previously. He just sat there, hand still extended towards me while I sat in an internal debate. He finally sighed. "Look, whether or not you trust me, your father, my boss, is going to come back from lunch in an hour. I'm sure you don't want him to see you like this and I don't want him to see you like this with me here alone with you." He paused. "I really need this job." I couldn't understand his little speech but saw the fear in his eyes as he said the last line. Surely he didn't think Daddy was going to fire him if he caught us here together all alone, well that is if I have anything to say about it. I saw my hand shake as I forced it to rise up to his waiting hand. He grasped it lightly in his strong hand trying not to harm me anymore than I was already. I was right about my legs. I fell into him as my legs betrayed me. I stiffened, wary of his reaction. He simply drew my arm over his shoulder and helped me wobble over to the bathroom. I swiftly closed the door and locked it into place. At least I knew that he couldn't come and get me and if Royce showed back up he couldn't get me either. I looked at my shocked and scared face in the mirror. The dim light cast shadows over my face but I turned to see which shadow's stayed in place, they were the bruises. I also noticed a shallow gash on my right cheek that matched the one on my shoulder. I saw my mirror self reach up and touch her cheek making me wince in discomfort.