I woke up to the sound of rain hitting my window. The soft pattering rhythm of the water cascading down the glass made my eyes open. But it wasn't the sound that woke me. It was the memory. I woke up from a nightmare, the same nightmare i've lived with for the past 8 years, when I was on my back of the floor of a foreign place with a tribute looking right over me, spear in hand, ready to kill me. If I didn't move once centimeter over, let the spear hit the floor before I kicked him hard in the nose and run the spear into his chest…if I hadn't moved…..I would be dead. But in this nightmare, he killed me. If only it was real. I rose from my bed, looking out the window and seeing the gray skies over the my district, my home. I pulled on a jacket from my wardrobe, the same wardrobe that was given to me by the Capitol as I close my green eyes and relive the nightmare in my head. "It's only you and me now." "Please, I beg of you…don't do this." "No wonder no one sponsored you…you're pathetic." No…NO!" I snap out of it and pull the jacket closer to my chest, walking out of my room and down the stairs. It's already warm and the fire's already going. It must of been my servants coming and putting on the fire for me when I was trying to shake off the nightmare. I walked over to the kitchen and grabbed a glass of water, going over to the window and peering out from there. The kitchen was clean, giving me a feel as though I lived in the woods. In fact, the whole mansion made me feel like I was in the woods, made of oak and redwood with wooden chairs and chandeliers and all. It must of been designed that way, since the other homes were all marble and I couldn't stand living in a marble home. I could see past the rain, the small courtyard that was in front of all the homes and then the huge iron gate with the letters spelled out over the entry, like an arch. Victor's Village I am a victor from District 8, the only one that is female to be exact. The last female victor from my district died 2 years ago while I was mentoring at the 73rd Hunger Games, and I'm only 24 years old. Being a victor was nothing that I ever wanted. In fact, I never thought I would make it out alive from the Hunger Games. Nor did my brother, whom is also a victor from 9 years ago. You see, we both are fraternal twins, and yet we both survived the Hunger Games two years apart from one another. That's unheard of, especially from District 8 since we are mostly known for our textiles and dress making. I used to be a dress maker, before I was reaped at the age of 16. I was the second youngest victor in Hunger Games history, right behind Finnick Odair from District 4 who was 14 years old, and my own brother. My brother is Samson, whom was remembered in the Capitol as Samson the Strong, since my brother had a good amount of strength behind him. But that was not his main weapon of choice, nor was it mine when I was reaped. We both were specific. Coming from a District that looks at the specific items of clothing and how they should or should not be, we both used our own minds as weapons. We knew details, and we looked for them. I knew my brother was looking for the weaknesses and shortcomings of his enemies when he walked around in the desert dome of the games, He saw what made the tributes tick, and what didn't, using that against him. As I watched from the screen in my own District, seeing my brother snake around and use his knowledge of needles and fine thread to stop tributes, I knew he knew what he was doing. He was good, and he won for it. When he came home, everything changed. We moved to Victor's Village, settling into a marble home that they gave him and starting living a life that we knew was not the same as our old lives. The only other residences in the village were three other Victors from the past winnings. Two were males, Chase and Veetro, and both were in their 50's. My brother told me Chase was his mentor when he went into the games and was very kind to him. The third was the female, Sage. She was in her 80's, winning 20th Hunger Games when she was 17 years old. But she died two months after the 73rd games, right after we moved into our new home and I only talked to her a few times. So there were only three male tributes left in Victor's Village, and we were the new residents. My brother's nightmares kept me up at night, having me go to him and calm him down. He told me stories, of him having to kill when he was in the area. Before the games, my brother was sane. He was the peacemaker in our family, making sure nothing or no one was hurting me. He was the eldest, and I looked to him for guidance and peace. But seeing him break in front of me, seeing him fall to pieces and cry as if someone broke his heart and make his mind bend, it broke my own heart. I would on'y hold him, hush him form the fears and memories. "It's okay Sam! Samson, look at me!" I said to him as he sobbed in his bed at 3 am, rocking back and forth with tears pouring down his fair face and his bronze hair dancing in the blue moonlight. I grabbed his shoulders, shaking him until he looked at me. His eyes, the same eyes we shared as twins, were looking at me in disbelief and sorrow. I smiled at him and caressed his face gently, feeling the cold sweat on his face and neck. "It's all a dream. You're safe." I said to him as softly as I could. I used the same voice as our mother did when she was alive, when we would be scared at him she could reassure us all is well. I saw him nod his head as I hugged him close to my body and felt him shaking in my embrace. "It's so real, I can still hear their screams." Sam said into my chest as I hushed him quietly and I felt him clutch onto me. But I knew he wasn't safe, as I got him to go back to sleep and walk back to my room, I knew deep in my head. He was never going to be safe. But when I was called two years later, feeling my feet stomp my way up step by step, I could feel my heart slowly dye when no one was there to save me. I looked on, seeing my twin brother, in his Victor's clothes and my father standing by in horror as I shook hands with the male tribute who was to fight with and against me, Ash. Ash was 17 while I was 16, standing very gawkily and having chestnut brown hair that swept over his brown eyes and high cheekbones. He was a factory worker like my brother before he was reaped, and I was the dress maker/ The odds weren't with us. We were rushed into the office of the mayor, getting our last goodbyes and send offs before our escort took us on the train. My father hugged me tightly, telling me he loved me fore than anything. I told him the same, knowing that I wasn't going to come back. But it was my brother, who hugged me the longest and told me what to do in the arena. "Find their weaknesses, all of them. Use that as your weapon, that and your knowledge of making objects." He explained to me. "I only make dresses Samson, I have no chance." I said to him, using his full name but seeing him shake his head and frame my face in his hands. "You need to survive this, sis. I'm telling you, you need to come back alive. You're smart, hell, you're smarter that me. I know for a fact that you can get out of there alive. So I need you to concentrate when you're there, okay?" He asked me aloud, having me nod my head with my own tears coming down my face. "Remember what I told you, look at the weaknesses of the tributes and use those against them. Look at the details, find the details. You know about details from all of the dresses you've made, use that in there." Sam explained to me before I heard the doors opening. "Look after dad, stay together for me." I said to him one last time before he kissed the side of my head, leaving the room before I could say goodbye to him. I was rushed onto the train with Ash and we were off to the Capitol. Before we knew it, we were in the tribute parade in front of President Snow and wearing outfits that matched our District. Although in times past, the outfits for 8 were ridiculous and made the tributes look like clowns, the year I was reaped, we didn't look silly at all. I think they finally chose to have someone with fashion sense come in and do the job properly, so we were given outfits that resembled the night sky. Dark blue to black with stars all over the outfits. My dress was slowly, showing the curves that I harbored and making my fair skin more light and pure with the stars dancing on the top layer of fabric down to the the ends of the dress. My hair was in a fancy wrapped bun and my make up was dark around the eyes. I looked more mysterious than ever. That was my play. During training, I went for how to use rope or a snare, and how to make a fire. I saw the other working on weapons and how to use them, making me think I should try to get my hands on a weapon. But I also knew they were making alliances with once another, and I was the target since I was too mysterious for their own good. I didn't want allies at that point, since I had no hope for winning. But Ash stuck close to me, showing me a way to use a slingshot. "Go like this." He said to me as he threw the sling out and towards the target, hitting the head hard and having me hear a crack. I smiled, the first time since I was reaped and I took the sling. "How did you do that?" I asked him aloud as I got myself ready to throw. "Older brothers. They showed me when we had time to kill at the factory." He explained to me as I threw out the rock. I missed by three feet. Ash only chuckled and grabbed another rock, having me fuss in my spot. "Try it again, like this." He said to me, throwing the sling with ease. It took me three tries to hit the target. Having me glad he was on my team, though we would both be dead within hours of the games. We knew, there was no chance with us. I got my hands on a bow and arrow, testing it out a few times and hitting the target, but not perfectly. It was nice to use a few weapons up my sleeve in case something were to happen. Next was my