Pariahs Payback Harry Potter, second year Slytherin and Pariah of Hogwarts, softly breathed the password and crept silently up the spiral staircase towards the Headmasters office, hidden under his invisibility cloak. It was a Hogsmead weekend and the school was practically deserted, except for the first and second years and a few teachers. Just minutes ago Harry had spotted Headmaster Dumbledore and Professor McGonagal heading out the school gates and down to the town, and, with the added knowledge that Snape was also on Hogsmead duty today, he had taken advantage of the opportunity to exact his revenge on the author of his woes. At the top of the stairs he gently eased the door open, making sure not to touch anything with his bare skin. He didn't know if Wizards knew about fingerprints but he felt it was better not to risk it. He glanced around warily, but the only living thing in the room was the baby phoenix, now a downy bundle of orange and red fluff, sleeping comfortably in a padded basket on the windowsill. From the walls came a discordant chorus of snores from the sleeping portraits. Swiftly but silently Harry crossed the room and seized his prey, hastily stuffing it into his Moke-skin bag. Once again making sure his hands were covered Harry quietly replaced his prize with an item of similar appearance. It wouldn't fool a close inspection but it looked similar enough to a casual glance and would hopefully delay discovery of the theft. Turning he once again scanned the room. The portraits and the Phoenix were all still sleeping. Smirking, Harry left as silently as he had come, trotting invisibly down the stairs and and back into the main school. Still invisible he continued down, down underground, turning away from the Slytherin territory and instead heading into the domain of the Hufflepuffs. He passed the kitchens and the concealed entrance to the Hufflepuff common room, passed the small chambers various Puffs had turned into cozy private meeting rooms and further still, into an area where the torches were unlit and the rooms were empty of anything but dust. This was a part of the cellars that no happy Hufflepuff would ever bother to venture into. Harry lit his wand as he entered the room which he had claimed as his own private refuge. There wasn't much there. Just a battered old armchair, a small desk and a chair he'd 'borrowed' from one of the Hufflepuff rooms that wasn't currently in use. Here Harry stopped, removed his cloak and reached into his Moke-skin bag. Leaving his prize where it was for now he instead drew out a battered old cauldron he'd purloined from Snapes discard heap during his last detention, and his case of potion supplies. He filled the cauldron with water, set a flame underneath and started preparing ingredients. He always carried his school supplies with him these days. He never left anything of value in his dorm any more. Not after last year. Not since he'd been sorted into Slytherin. He remembered it like yesterday. The loud yell of 'SLYTHERIN!' echoing around the suddenly silent room, the hat being removed to reveal the hundreds of students gazing at him in bewildered shock, rapidly turning to angry disgust. His new 'friend', Ron Weasley, staring at him like Harry had murdered his puppy, then pointedly looking away. Harry had quietly made his way to the Slytherin table. No one had clapped. Upon arriving in the Slytherin common room Professor Snape had introduced himself and given a lovely speech about the importance of house unity, and then followed it up by some pointed statements about how 'troublemakers will not be tolerated' and 'there will be no special treatment... no matter how famous you might be' all the while glaring at Harry, making it perfectly clear to everyone in the room who he thought the 'troublemaker demanding special treatment' would be. Both Harry and his new house had received the message loud and clear. Harry Potter was not welcome in Slytherin. Arriving at the dorm had been just as bad. Malfoy, still angry that Harry had refused to shake his hand on the train, had wasted no time in informing Harry that 'he had better watch his step', with Crabbe and Goyle cracking their knuckles menacingly and the other two boys, Nott and Zabini, standing behind them sneering. It had been an uncomfortable night. As had every night since. The only reason he still slept there is because he knew, from experience, that they would gleefully report him to Snape if he did not. The next day it had become quickly apparent to him that he would find no support outside Slytherin either. Walking through the corridors he had been tripped and hexed, arriving late to his first class, limping due to a grazed knee and wrenched ankle. He had been sharply reprimanded by Professor McGonagal, who had ignored his limp and deducted points for tardiness. And that was how his year had progressed. Hits and Hexes. Unearned punishments and point deductions. Snape issuing detentions for imagined misdemeanours. When a Troll had somehow got into the school on Halloween, resulting in the death of a first year Gryffindor girl, Malfoy had smirkingly started a rumour that it was Harrys doing and the whole school had accepted it as truth, completely ignoring the fact that Harry had been right there at the feast with the rest of them. After that his position as 'school pariah' had been set in stone. No one talked to him, unless it was to tell him how much they despised him. His hopes for friends and acceptance had been utterly dashed. Hogwarts just as bad as Little Whinging. The only difference was the food. Things had improved slightly after Christmas morning. He'd woken to find a package at the foot of his bed. In that package had been an invisibility cloak, which had apparently belonged to his father. The person who had returned it had not signed the note, so it would seem that whomever it was did not want to associate with him any more than anyone else did, but the cloak had quickly become a god-send to Harry, allowing him to travel the halls un-noticed and unmolested. His hex-rates had dropped significantly, as had his injuries. But that had been the high point of the year. And it hadn't stopped Malfoy and the other Slytherin kids from sabotaging his belongings. Contaminating his potions supplies, stealing his homework and damaging his clothing. They had even managed to 'accidentally' kill his poor innocent owl, Hedwig. And of course the teachers had all punished him for not turning in his work and his 'slovenly appearance'. No one had cared that his owl was dead, except for Hagrid, who had seemed to believe Snapes insinuations that Harry had killed Hedwig through neglect and now glared at Harry whenever he saw him. Harry had miserably buried Hedwig under a tree on a high promontory overlooking the lake and had been almost glad to go home at the end of the year. At least he wasn't so badly out numbered at Privet Drive. However things at home had, unbelievably, become even worse than before. The first month hadn't been too bad. He had conveniently forgotten to mention the 'No magic in Summer' rule and had been treated reasonably well, (if being completely ignored counted as 'well'). However, after a visit from a crazy house-elf had tipped off his relatives to his 'lies', he had spent the rest of the Summer locked in his room, not even let out to do chores. Finally, two nights before the start of term, he found that he had lost enough weight that he was able to squirm his way out through the cat-flap in his bedroom door, although he felt there might possibly have been a little accidental magic involved when he suddenly slipped through after getting jammed with his head and one arm through the hole. Regardless, he hadn't wasted any time in grabbing his trunk and making his escape. He had caught the early train to London, spent the day shopping in Diagon Alley, and had slept the night under his invisibility cloak between two bushes in St Pancreas Gardens. He'd bought some breakfast and a packed sandwich and drink for lunch and was waiting on platform nine and three quarters before the train even arrived at the station. So he had managed to buy his school supplies, replace his clothes and had discovered his moke-skin bag in the luggage shop where he had gone hoping to find a trunk with better locks. The bag had been expensive, but as far as Harry was concerned it was worth every knut. It was bottomless, weightless, and the opening could stretch impossibly wide. Wide enough to fit just about anything he wanted to put in it, even his trunk! The bag hung on a disillusioned cord around his neck and he never took it off. Not even to shower. He kept everything in that bag. All his clothes and school supplies, his homework and books. He still kept his trunk in his dorm, but only as a decoy. It contained Dudleys old clothes, last years uniforms, the already contaminated potions supplies... Malfoy and the other Slytherins had been happily sabotaging and ruining them all year, snickering at him and thinking they were so smart, somehow never noticing that it no longer impacted his work or appearance. He tidied up the mess and repaired things occasionally, to make it look like he was using it and so far the ruse seemed to be working. He was handing in his all his homework now, losing less points and getting higher marks. Of course his new system did mean that he had to wash his own clothes. Putting them in the bathroom laundry hamper meant that they would be returned folded in a pile on his bed, just begging his dorm mates to have a go at them, but laundry charms hadn't been too hard to master, and he had found the library book 'The Charmed House: Everything a Successful House-Witch needs to know' to be absolutely fascinating. The charms he found in that book seemed much more useful than the ones taught in class. Why would he ever need to make a pineapple tap-dance? However, despite his new ability to protect his belongings, despite his rarely moving in public without his cloak, this year had rapidly become worse than the last. First, there was Professor Lockhart. Always dragging him up front in class to act out his improbable books, accosting him as he left the Great Hall, the only time he was visible outside classes, and forcing him to have his photo taken by that crazy first year, Colin Creevey and then loudly exclaiming about Harry giving out signed photos, while all the students stared and jeered and took every opportunity to inform him that they wouldn't take his autograph if he paid them! Not to mention Snape's snide comments about his fame going to his head. "But wait!" The universe said "There's more!" "The Chamber of Secrets has been opened. Enemies of the Heir, Beware!" And who did the student body unanimously decide the Heir of Slytherin was? Pariah Potter of course! Since Halloween, anytime he dared to show his face he'd been targeted. As well as the usual mild hexes and shoving it seemed that someone had decided to really try to kill him. He'd had to dodge falling masonry and been tripped down stairs. At the last quiddich match someone had bewitched a bludger to attack him. Harry had been in the Library, enjoying the peace and quiet and lack of hissed insults, when it had left the pitch, smashed through the Library window, and attempted to pound him into mush. It had broken his arm and smashed several bookcases before Madam Pince had rushed over and destroyed