This is really sad because I told myself this would be 3k words. Clearly, that did not happen. But yeah. Have a monstrosity of a oneshot that I wrote because I was out of practice. Disclaimer: I don't own PJO or HOO. Rick Riordan does. Read and Review! Jason walked to the infirmary, whistling the tune of a song he had heard on the radio a while back. The war with Gaea was over and he couldn't be happier. The Greeks and Romans had reconciled and the beginnings of a beautiful friendship and alliance were in the making. But what made today particularly cheery was the fact that today was the day that Nico was due to be released from the infirmary. Jason had tried his damned best to convince the son of Hades to stay behind at camp, insisting time and time again that he had friends here and that he wasn't as alone as he thought he was. It was only now that the results of his hard work were beginning to show. "Hey, Will! How's Nico?" he called out upon entering the room. He was instantly met with the sight of the blond son of Apollo and his black haired charge. Nico appeared to roll his eyes as Will grinned at Jason. "He's doing pretty well actually. It took him forever to actually sit down and rest but once he finally did, it wasn't anything too serious," Will explained. Jason grinned and affectionately punched Nico in the forearm. "Dude, that's great! So he's cleared to leave, then?" he asked. Will gave a nod while Nico grumbled, "As if you could keep me here any longer than necessary." Jason gave a laugh at that and watched as Nico grabbed his sword from his tableside and stood. As Nico changed from the white clothes the Apollo had given him into his normal clothes, Jason turned to give him some privacy. He started when he felt a hand clamp down on his shoulder and turned to find Will, his cheerful demeanor from earlier gone. "What's up?" he asked. "Do you know why Nico was in the infirmary?" Will whispered. Now that Will mentioned it, no, he didn't. "No… What happened?" Will sighed. "Well he had some nasty gashes on his arm from a run in with werewolves," he began and gave an amused smile when he saw Jason's eyebrows raise. "But the main concern was how he was fading." " Fading ?" Jason repeated incredulously. "Yeah," Will affirmed grimly. "I heard it from Coach Hedge and Reyna. He was literally fading out of existence . It was an overuse of shadow travel." Meeting Jason's concerned gaze, Will offered a small smile. "He should be fine now. There's always a risk of a relapse, but I've never dealt with anything like this before…" "What are you guys whispering about over there?" Nico asked. Jason nearly jumped when he turned around to face Nico. "Nothing! I was just asking Will how things have been in here since a lot of people were injured during the war," Jason lied nervously. Will however, got the message clearly. "Yeah. We've been even busier than during the Titan War, and that's saying something." "Well the number of patients has doubled," Nico pointed out and both blonds hummed in agreement. "Anyway, I'm leaving. See you around, Solace. Grace." "Nico, wait up!" "Didn't I say bye to you thirty seconds ago, Grace?" "Maybe, but I was wondering if you wanted to hang out for a while?" Nico hesitated to answer. Jason could see that he wanted to make the effort to be friends, which Jason was ecstatic about, but he wasn't quite ready to trust Jason. "Depends on what we would be doing," Nico finally answered. Jason grinned. "I'm fine with anything you want to do." Nico raised an eyebrow. "Really now?" "Yeah." "And if I wanted to raise the undead to spar?" "I'd have your back." "If I wanted to redecorate my cabin?" "I can help lift furniture." "If I wanted to shadow travel to Manhattan?" At this, Jason hesitated. Should Nico be shadow travelling so soon? Nico had just gotten out of the infirmary with a clean bill of health, or as clean as it could be found given the nature of his ailment, but Jason couldn't help but be concerned. "I wouldn't mind," Jason answered slowly. The sudden hesitance made Nico raise an eyebrow but nevertheless, he just continued walking in the direction that he had been. "So what is it that we're going to be doing?" "I was thinking of redecorating my cabin. I'm not going to be the only one staying in it and I'm sure Hazel would like some things of her own." Jason nodded. "Where are you going to get the furniture?" "I was going to shadow travel to Manhattan, buy the furniture then shadow back here. You don't have to come along if you don't want to." Even though the idea of Nico shadow travelling so soon made him concerned, Jason decided to trust him on this. "I don't mind. It's not like I have better things to be doing anyway. Besides, maybe I can help you pick stuff out for Hazel?" Jason offered. Nico scoffed. "You think that you know what my own sister would like better than I do? Those are fighting words, Grace." Jason smirked. "You're not the only one with a sister, di Angelo." At this, Nico grinned and Jason cheered a little on the inside. "Well, let's get to Half Blood Hill. It'll reduce the distance we have to travel." Just as the two approached the border, Jason suddenly stopped. "Nico, have you told Chiron that you were leaving?" Nico stopped in his tracks and looked back. "No. Why?" "You have to tell him you're going! What if he looks for you and he doesn't know where you are?" "Why in the world would Chiron look for me?" Nico asked. "That's beside the point! You still have to tell him!" "Gods, Grace, why are you being so difficult?!" "I won't complain if you tell Chiron where you're going." "And if I refuse?" Nico growled, annoyed. "Then I'll tell Percy, Will and Hazel that you left without saying anything." Nico paled. "You wouldn't dare." "Try me," Jason challenged. The two stood off before Nico finally sighed and ran his hand through his curly black locks. " Fine. You win, Grace," Nico grumbled as he turned and stomped his way toward the Big House. Jason smirked in triumph when he was sure that Nico couldn't see him. A few minutes later they were standing in the middle of Ikea. They immediately set out for the beds, looking for something that would fit Hazel first. In a matter of minutes, Nico had his choice. He pointed out to Jason a beautiful bunk bed with a mahogany frame. The headboard was decorated with carvings of horses reared up facing each other. Seeing this, Jason had to admit defeat. "Ok, fine. I wouldn't be able to find anything that could beat that. You're just lucky you saw it first, di Angelo." Nico rolled his eyes and snorted. Shopping for Nico proved to be a little more difficult. The son of Hades was nothing if not particular about where he slept. Every bed that Jason pointed out that he thought Nico might like had some microscopic problem with it that suddenly made it ineligible to Nico. It got to the point where Jason got frustrated and pointed out a hot pink bunk bed. Nico made a sound of disgust. "Really?" he asked, disbelievingly. Jason was too exasperated to care. "Why does it matter what the bed looks like? You're asleep when you use it anyway!" Jason asked. "Well would you buy just any bed?" Nico shot back. Jason had no response and just shut his mouth before he said something stupid. Again. Nico sighed. "A bed can say a lot about someone, especially if it's got a wooden frame instead of a metal one. The designs speak volumes about somebody's likes, dislikes and…" Jason turned when Nico suddenly cut himself off. Nico stood entranced as he stared at the bed in front of them. It was a silver bunk bed. The covers that were on display were a shade of soft green. Honestly speaking, Jason wouldn't have pegged this to be in Nico's taste. But when the younger demigod walked up to it and put his hand up to the frame almost reverently, Jason knew that this bed was special. He walked up to Nico and stood behind him quietly. "That one?" he asked. "Yeah," Nico answered, barely audible. After the two paid for the beds using Nico's allowance—seriously, Jason should ask Jupiter for one too, even if he wasn't the god of wealth— that he got from Hades, Nico shadowed them back to camp in front of the Hades cabin. And then proceeded to crumple to the floor in a heap. Jason barely caught the boy before he hit the ground. "Whoa! You ok, Nico?" The boy in question nodded before roughly shrugging Jason off of him. "I just haven't done that in a while. I'm out of practice." Jason could've sworn he heard a muttered no thanks to Solace but chose wisely not to comment. "Here, just take a break for a while. I'll move your stuff inside." Nico opened his mouth to protest but ended up closing it after being on the receiving end of Jason's disapproving glare. The son of Hades frowned but leaned up against the side of the cabin and closed his eyes. Jason watched for a while to make sure that Nico was actually resting before turning back to the two beds sitting in front of him. "Now then… let's get to work." Moving the beds took a lot longer than Jason thought it would, partially because Jason also decided to assemble them for Nico. Whoever made those instructions did not make them dyslexic-demigod-friendly. Jason finally exited the Hades cabin three hours after he had entered it. He looked around for any sign of Nico before checking the side of the cabin where Jason had left him. Jason smiled at the sight that greeted him. Curled up and snuggled under his aviator's jacket was the Ghost King in all his adorable glory. Jason took a seat next to Nico and watched him sleep peacefully. Like this, the terrifying son of Hades looked his age and not boggled down by everything that life had thrown at him. Nico looked like a normal 14 year old boy. Jason frowned when he realized that he needed to see Nico asleep to see him as the child that he was. Nico's brow furrowed as he shifted to face Jason. A quiet mumble escaped past his lips as he burrowed deeper underneath his aviator's jacket. Jason smiled and brushed away some of Nico's dark curls from his face. Nico stirred and Jason froze in his tracks. It seemed like eons before Jason regained control of his body and managed to jerk his hand away just as Nico woke up. "Grace?" he asked, his voice laden with sleep. "Did you need help?" Jason chuckled to hide his discomfort. "No. I already moved everything inside and I put it all together too." "You should've woken me up," Nico said disapprovingly. Jason waved off the concern easily. "It's fine. The instructions made it easier." Nico scoffed. "If anything, the instructions probably made it harder." Curse Nico di Angelo for being dyslexic too. "Well dinner is going to start soon. Come on, let's go," Jason prompted. Nico groaned and followed suit. Jason watched Nico pick at and rearrange his food from the Zeus table. Nico wasn't really eating, more so he was making food art. Narrow his eyes, he stood to scrape some of his meal into the fire, and on the way, nudged Nico none too gently. The son of Hades scowled