A/N: This story was written for the February Teitho challenge - First, where it received 2nd place. Thank you to anyone who may have voted for this story! :-) The soup tasted just fine, thick with taters and chicken, mushrooms and a hint of onion. Not enough onion for my liking, really, but of course the injured Hobbits that Papa brought home from the battle would be eating it in bed, and it couldn't be too strong or it would burn their throats and sour their stomachs. That wouldn't do, not for such brave Hobbits as these. A battle in Bywater. Bywater. It would be beyond believing, except after all the Troubles lately—what with Pimple (Papa says I'm not to call him that, but Papa says it plenty) and the ruffians and that Sharkey fella, and with all the tearing up the trees and holes and gardens—probably just about nothing would surprise me right now. Mr. Frodo says he was a wizard, that Sharkey, and I guess I believe that too, especially after what happened over at Bag Row this afternoon. I'm glad I didn't know it before, because with everything going on I've been scared enough already. I've been trying that hard, but I don't think I could have hid it anymore from Papa and Mama and the rest if I'd known that there was a wizard staying in Bag End and causing all this trouble. Old Gandalf and his fireworks always seemed all right, no matter what Auntie Arnica used to say, but I think I've just about enough of wizards and Men both for a long while. Mama put a stack of bowls by my elbow, then started setting out the trays with bread and tea. Most everybody would just dish their own out of the kettle, but there were some as would be needing the food brought to them—the four injured Hobbits in the boys' rooms, Mr. Frodo (who'd seemed right worn out but had still protested all the way as Mama'd shooed him back to her and Papa's room), and Sam's Gaffer, who was looking that much punier since I saw him a week back. Ooo , those Men and their picks and shovels and flimsy board houses, not even taking care of those poor old folk they packed in there after tearing up their poor holes and … "Rosie!" "Sorry, Mama!" I wiped up the soup I'd spilled on the hearth, and set the last bowl on a tray. Thinking of Sam's Gaffer got me to thinking about Samwise, of course, and I was glad we were standing by the cooking fire so that Mama wouldn't notice the heat that sprang up into my face. I peeked out into the great room as I gathered up the trays, and found him sitting in a corner by the fire. The boys were gathered around him, chattering away and firing questions left and right, but they didn't seem to be waiting for answers and in truth, that was probably for the best because Sam really wasn't looking too lively. His eyes were half closed and his answers, when he gave them, were low enough that I couldn't even hear his voice from across the room. He looked completely done in, and there was something about the way he sat there with his head down and his shoulders all slumped that made me take another look. I've known Samwise Gamgee since I was just a little lass, and spent half o' my growing-up years following him around Hobbiton and Bywater (which I'd never admit out loud to any of my brothers, thank ya), and I could tell pretty well by now when something wasn't right with him. "You bring these to Hamfast and the Hobbits in Jolly and Nibs' room, I'll get the other two and Mr. Frodo." Mama started off and I followed, looking hard at Sam without letting him know it. I'd gotten a lot of good practice at that over the years, and he didn't notice a thing. Course, it didn't seem to me like he was noticing much right now. A lot had been going on these last days, and since Mr. Frodo and Mr. Merry and Mr. Pippin had been in the thick of things, of course Samwise had too. He's a loyal one, is Sam Gamgee. He sticks. He's not one to let any Hobbit in his care go it alone, not if he can help it. Which meant that he'd been facing down Shirriffs and fighting ruffians and sneaking his Gaffer away from those awful houses since the minute he got back to the Shire, without even a good pipe for comfort at the end of it. (Those Men and their greedy, thieving ways.) Then, of course, there was all that time he was gone. Who knows what happened to them out there? Everyone talked the whole of last year about how no sensible Hobbit would go wandering off from the Shire, and that they were surely all dead. They all said it was just a shame how Mr. Bilbo had rubbed off on Mr. Frodo, and how Mr. Frodo had rubbed off on Mr. Merry and Mr. Pippin, and that poor Sam had gotten caught up in it. I guess I don't know why anyone would want to go traipsing around out there either, but do I know that Sam Gamgee doesn't get 'caught up' in anything he doesn't want to be caught up in, and I never once thought they were dead. Not if Sam had any say in it. He's got a lot of hobbit-sense, does that one. All of that would surely be a good enough excuse to be looking like Sam did right now, but I couldn't help being worried because he hadn't been. Least, not 'til just recently. When he first showed up at the farm, all skinny and travel-ruffled and wearin' that outlandish mail shirt and lookin' like the handsomest Hobbit I'd seen in maybe my whole entire life, there was nothin' of this in his eyes. There was anger and doggedness and hurry, but none of this … sad sort o' blankness. When he brought his Gaffer to us later, and again after the battle (a battle, there was a battle in Bywater ), he seemed just the same. It wasn't 'til they got back from Bag Row that I first saw it, and it's only got worse since he and the boys all settled down in the big room. It could be there was no time for things to catch up with him before, and I guess this is maybe the first he's really seen o' the mess those ruffians made o' Bag End and all o' Bag Row. That would be enough to make anybody just want to cry for days. Whatever the case, Sam has a whole night to sit and think on it now, with all the rest of everything settled down, and I'm not sure that's a very good thing. A teacup rattled on one of my trays, and I looked back to my own business as I followed Mama into the back hall. I would keep an eye on Samwise too tonight, I decided—just in case this little something wrong decided ta turn into a big something wrong. When I finished up and came back out to the big room, though, he was gone. I tried not to be too obvious about my dismay, but Papa saw me and motioned me over. I hid my blush at being caught and came up next to his chair. "Papa?" "He went out a few minutes ago." "Oh." There was no point in trying to pretend I didn't understand. Papa knew pretty well how things were with me. "Did he …" I tried to hide my disappointment. I had been glad to see Sam back at the farm, and I had hoped—expected, even—that with both his Gaffer and Mr. Frodo here, he would stay as well. "Is he going to help out with Mr. Merry or Mr. Pippin, then? Did he say when he'll be back?" Papa raised one eyebrow, and I hurried on. "Because I can put aside some soup if—" "I didn't say he left , lass. Don't you fret." My face turned a fiery red, I could feel it, and I looked quickly away. At least the boys didn't seem to be listening. Papa only pointed to the door with his pipe stem. I wondered sometimes why he still sat with it at night, since there was no pipeweed to be had, but I guess it was just habit for him—something familiar and comfortable. We all had been taking comfort in the little familiar things lately. "The others are coming here, anyway. They'll be by in a bit, said they'd check in at least if they decided not to stay. No, your Sam stepped outside, said he needed some air." My Sam . He was no such thing, even if … Heat flooded my face again, but Papa didn't notice his slip. He smiled, but it was a sad one. "Seemed like he could use a bit of cheering, if you ask me. This afternoon's sights were hard on him. He's been tending those gardens in Bag Row and up to Bag End since he was just a little lad, and they're all gone now. Can't have been easy." Poor Sam … Papa shook his head, and his eyes drifted back down to his pipe. "All gone …" He was finished talking to me, his thoughts far away on all the other things that we and everyone else had lost. It didn't matter, as my own thoughts were already out the door with Sam. "Thank you, Papa," I whispered, and squeezed his shoulder before hurrying toward the door. Jolly called out as I passed, but I ignored him and slipped outside. There I stopped, taking in a long breath of the dark night air. Where to even start? The coops or barn? No, more likely Mama's vegetable garden, or even one of the near fields. I could be looking for a long time in the dark before … I almost tripped over him turning the bend—seems I wasn't in for a long search after all. Sam was sitting against the hill beside a scraggly little rosebush, shadowed from the moonlight. He looked up when I ran into him, murmuring an apology as if only half his mind was on the words. "Sorry Rosie, thought I'd be out of the way here." "No, I …" I looked down at the bent curly head, and my heart jumped right into my mouth. No matter what he'd seen and done in the outside world, no matter what new thoughts and hurts lived behind those eyes now, this Hobbit who sat here silent in the dark was the same Sam Gamgee who had left us. Everything I'd fallen in love with (yes, I'm willing to admit it if my brothers can't hear) was still right there. I'd seen it already in a hundred little ways—still so careful of others, so helpful, so respectful, so liable to keep himself in the background. And that might be all well and good for Mr. Frodo and the others, but it also meant that if Samwise himself needed somebody, he wasn't very likely to tell. So. I wasn't sure how much I really wanted to hear—the few stories I had heard about the outside world would straighten your hair right out, and no mistake—but Sam Gamgee was my friend, whatever else we were or weren't to each other. I took a deep breath and inched forward. "Are you hungry? I can bring you some soup and bread. Tea's hot too." He shook his head without looking around. "No thanks, lass." Now, that just wasn't right. A Hobbit doesn't turn down food when it's offered. "I'll have you know I made that soup myself, Sam