A/N: The original characters in this story belong to daw the minstrel, who has given me her gracious permission to use them. I dearly love her stories and characters, and am happy to have been able to contribute to their lives. :-) For those following The Depths of Dorcanis - I have not abandoned it, and will not. I do, however, have a massive case of writer's block ... so I am not sure when the next update will be. There will, however, be one - never fear. Arda was changing. Eilian stretched out on the rough flooring of the old flet, folded his hands behind his head, and stared into the canopy of leaves above. A warm breeze played across his face and the leaves rustled soothingly, but the tree itself was silent. They were all for the most part silent now, even those here, so close to the heart of the Elvenking's domain. The forest had flourished since the beginning of the Fourth Age, spreading and growing and bursting with new life, but the trees slept ever more deeply, and it was difficult now to rouse them. A hand placed on this great oak before Eilian had climbed to the flet had revealed nothing but the low hum of life, no response or even acknowledgement of the presence of the wood elf that now rested in its branches. His adar was still able to feel and hear their response to his presence, but Thranduil was the king of Eryn Lasgalen—and although he had not said, Eilian suspected that even Thranduil was beginning to have difficulty hearing the trees on the outer edges of the wood. The change was unsettling, and he was restless. Eilian rolled onto his side, caught site of the nearby glade, and suppressed a sigh. In truth, the change in the forest wasn't the only reason for his restlessness. He closed his eyes for a moment, remembering Legolas's indignation when he had finally realized that Thranduil posted a warrior in the glade when his youngest son spent the night in the flet—not this one, of course, but the original, in the same tree which now sheltered him—with his friends. "We're not elflings anymore, Adar! We don't need someone looking after us every moment!" The memory brought a smile. Not elflings, brat, but younglings with a bad habit of disappearing and making mischief during the nighttime hours... Of course, he couldn't talk. Eilian sighed and rubbed at his face. He had thought, when Legolas sailed, that the loss would eventually fade, but it hadn't really. In fact, it seemed to grow stronger as the years passed, and the trees slept, and Thranduil's people chose in greater numbers to forsake the woods for the unknown promise of Valinor. He still missed his little brother keenly, and he wondered often how Legolas fared. He understood, in theory at least, why Legolas had gone. There had been something in his brother's eyes when he had returned from the Ring War—something that had not been there before, even after hundreds of years of defending Mirkwood from spider and Shadow—and Eilian was as certain now as he had been then that Legolas's desire for the sea stemmed from an unrealized need for healing from the horrors that he had endured rather than a frivolous newfound love of adventure, as some had suggested (though not in Thranduil's presence, if they valued their life or their place). He wondered if Legolas had found that healing and peace. He hoped that he had, and trusted that it was so. He wanted to know , though. More often of late, Eilian realized a need to see it for himself—to hold his little brother in his arms again, to hear his surprised laughter, and to look into familiar eyes unshadowed by pain and fear and loss. There was still too much big brother in him, he supposed, to easily leave such things to chance or any other means. It was a dangerous thought, one that had grown in strength since he had first admitted it only a handful of years ago, and he suppressed it quickly. Even if Legolas was gone, and the population of the stronghold dwindled around them, and the forest grew sluggish and silent, his priorities were here. Celuwen remained—from whom he could not be parted—and Loriel—though his daughter had been long bonded and gone from the wood—and the rest of his family. He had duties still, even if those duties were routine and cumbersome. No, he could not speak of this. Not yet, a little voice urged. But maybe someday. He pushed it away. "Eilian?" He sat, and was leaning against the oak's trunk when his wife joined him on the flet. Celuwen snuggled gratefully beneath his arm and sighed. He kissed the top of her head. "How goes the battle?" Her response was an interesting combination of laugh and snort and sob. "The pair of them get more stubborn as the years pass, not less. Suffice it to say, my father refuses to bend an inch, and your father does likewise. It is possible that they will both still be standing there in the hall staring at each other when next Mid-summer's day arrives." He laughed softly and leaned his head back against the oak. "As well that I was excused from the proceedings, then. My presence could only have entrenched their positions." Celuwen's wry hum did nothing to combat the notion. Centuries had not eased Solith's dislike for him, and in truth both he and Celuwen had been finding the antagonism ever more wearisome. He had been surprised when his wife recently suggested an extended stay in Thranduil's hold, away from their settlement home, but not overly. Frustration sharpened for an instant to anger. Solith must know that his attitude hurt Celuwen as well as Eilian. Eilian thought for an instant of knowingly causing Loriel such pain and immediately dismissed the image. He could not imagine it. "You have been thinking of Legolas again." Her observation broke through his reverie, statement rather than question. He glanced down at her, then quickly away. Celuwen laughed and leaned her head into his neck. "You thought I did not know? You surely know better than that by now, husband." Eilian grinned and pressed her against him. "One would think." He sighed, reveling as always in the feel of her warm body against his. Indeed, he should have known. Even aside from his inability to completely hide these feelings from their bond, Celuwen could not have failed to observe the significance of his most common haunt since their return. "I wonder how he is. I hope he is happy." Her gaze left the forest and moved to his face. "I know he must be," Eilian amended quickly. "He is in Valinor. He has surely healed from whatever hurts his quest inflicted. But … it is just not the same as seeing it for myself." It was freeing, admitting this thing that he had tried to keep from her. They sat in silence, and his attention drifted, and he nearly missed her soft words. "Perhaps we should go and do so, then." He pulled away and stared at her, shock thrumming through him. Celuwen returned his gaze steadily, and neither in her face nor through their bond could he detect any hesitation or regret for the words that she had spoken. "Celuwen …" "Do not attempt to tell me that you have not been thinking of it." "I … no. I will not." Eilian folded his legs beneath him and reached for her hands. She turned to face him, her posture earnest, her fingers warm in his. He took a long breath, attempting to calm his roiling thoughts. "Do you know what you are saying?" She snorted. "Of course I know. Do you think me a fool?" "Of course not." He flickered an annoyed eyebrow before returning to the discussion at hand. "But, our home. Our duties …" "We are not the only ones who could easily fulfill such duties. The kingdom runs smoothly, and your adar needs far less counsel now than in times past." "The guard …" Celuwen sighed and ran a light thumb over his palm. Eilian shivered. "You know as well as I that the guard is mere formality. Eryn Lasgalen has little need now for warriors. The Shadow is gone, the spiders are gone, the orcs are gone—from these woods, at least. Men come, but we cannot stop them and indeed, they are not our enemies. This is their age. They are only spreading as has been foreseen." She pressed his hands tightly. "Your presence in the guard is desired, my love, but not needed. " Not needed. No, it was not. Eilian had known it for some time now, felt the impatience of ceremony and boredom where once there had been purpose and danger and death. He thought of what Thranduil would say, and realized with something bordering on panic that his adar was not likely to object if he and Celuwen decided to sail. The king was not yet ready to leave the forest, and he would certainly feel the loss of another son, but he understood that his people could not stay indefinitely. Thranduil accepted their departure with dignity and grace, and he would offer no less to his own flesh and blood. We could really do this. "What about you?" Eilian raised her chin, and drew her eyes away from their entwined fingers. "Could you leave your parents?" "I must, eventually." Celuwen smiled sadly and looked out into the trees. "My parents will never leave this place. Even after your adar goes, even after the kingdom is no more, they will not depart." Her slender fingers tightened in his own. "Whatever is the fate of these woods will be their fate as well. I do not intend to share it." He had never spent a great deal of time considering what Celuwen's parents might decide for their future, but he could not argue now with his wife. He recognized the truth of her words. Solith and Isiwen had fought too long and hard for their life in the forest. They would never leave it. Eilian drew Celuwen to him and rested his forehead on hers. "I will grieve for your pain over such a parting, my love, but I cannot be sorry that you do not choose to remain with them." She kissed him lightly and sat back. Eilian hesitated, then gently raised his greatest objection—the one that he had avoided even in his own mind, the one he felt would surely bring an end to such wild speculation. "How could we leave Loriel?" He was surprised when Celuwen smiled, her eyes lit from within. "It would not be for long." "What?" Eilian sat back. "Do you know something I do not?" "You surely cannot have missed it." Celuwen eyed him thoughtfully, then laughed and kissed him again. "Oh, my poor husband. Males do see the world differently, do they not?" She continued before he could decide whether he should be offended. "Aragorn and Arwen are gone, my love. Eldarion is gone. The twins have very little to hold them here any longer." Her hands captured his again. "Loriel and Elladan will not be far behind us, I think." Elladan. For a brief moment, he was distracted yet again by the knowledge that Elladan, son of Elrond Half-Elven, was his son-in-law . It was … odd. Surreal. Also a bit ridiculous, really—the other Elf was thousands of years older than he. It had been a point of real concern during those first bewildering days after his daughter and Elladan had announced their intention to bond—one of many concerns, in truth, the first of which had been the suddenness of the decision. The twins had arrived in Eryn Lasgalen some years after the Ring War, serving as messengers from their brother-by-marriage, King Elessar, regarding some minor point