A/N: Written for the October Teitho challenge, 'Stones'. I neither own these characters or make money from any LOTR story I write. I only enjoy the characters and world that Tolkien created. :-) What are the roots that clutch, what branches grow Out of this stony rubbish? Son of man, You cannot say, or guess, for you know only A heap of broken images, where the sun beats, And the dead tree gives no shelter, the cricket no relief, And the dry stone no sound of water. Only There is shadow under this red rock, (Come in under the shadow of this red rock), And I will show you something different from either Your shadow at morning striding behind you Or your shadow at evening rising to meet you; I will show you fear in a handful of dust. ~~T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land "What do you see, son of Arathorn?" He knew not why the words angered him. Aragorn had traveled long roads with Gandalf, and knew his companion as well, he deemed, as any Man might claim to know an Istar. The wizard had never been opposed to plying a fellow traveler with soul-searching talk at day's end, but this night his tone was neither prying nor one that boded the start of a lengthy conversation. No, the words were only mildly curious—something to fill up space in the hushed end of a long day. To be honest, Gandalf had a right to that curiosity. Aragorn had made no secret over the past days of his wish to stand in this place and see what he might, and had done naught else since their arrival. Gandalf alone had set the camp and struck up the fire and put out their evening fare, all while Aragorn stood gazing over the tumbled patchwork of lands that stretched for leagues around them. If the wizard was half as weary as Aragorn, he owed Gandalf an apology for that oversight before the evening was out. Even so, it took a surprising amount of effort to restrain words both hasty and unwise. For a brief moment Aragorn considered blaming fatigue, but he dismissed the thought as unworthy almost before it formed. No. Weariness, he knew, provided only the most minor contribution. In truth, Gandalf's words touched too close, threatening to lay bare the bitter disappointment that Aragorn had been struggling to hide even from himself since their arrival. He cast another glance over the many leagues that fell away beneath their high perch, then looked toward the campsite. Gandalf was draped casually against a nearby tree, pulling on his pipe. The wizard lifted one bushy eyebrow, and annoyance flared again, all unlooked for. The words were out before he could stop them. "What would you have me see, Gandalf the Grey?" A second heavy eyebrow shot up to join the first, brushing the battered grey hat. Aragorn shifted, regretting the outburst, and forced himself not to look away. It would, he feared, be tantamount to running up a white flag without even attempting battle. Finally Gandalf sucked in another deep, leisurely breath and sent a smoke ring in Aragorn's direction. "Peace, Aragorn. I meant nothing by it." "Of course." Of course. And now you have given yourself away. Aragorn forced a smile—likely more of a grimace—and eyed the rambling hillside they had so recently climbed. "Apologies. My mind was on other matters." Gandalf was having none of it. "What troubles you, my friend?" He had, it appeared, forfeited his right to an evening free of soul-searching. Aragorn scuffed his boot along the edge of the Seat, angry now at himself as well as the wizard. What indeed? He did not desire the exchange, unavoidable as it now seemed. No, he far preferred to sit by the fire and brood. It was not so much to ask, was it? This failing, which he had battled for years and had only divulged to one other, was hard enough to admit even to himself, much less the wizard who had been such an invaluable guide to him. Given a meal and a night's sleep the troubling thoughts would be back where they belonged, buried beneath hope and will, to be acknowledged and examined only in solitude. He was loath for Gandalf to know, given the labors and friendship and wild hopes that they had long shared. Surely this was only a passing difficulty, and need not be bared for the concern and disappointment of one who had struggled and sacrificed for so many lives of Men. He turned, boots soundless on ancient stone. The Seat may once have been rough-hewn, but time and the elements had worn it smooth. Aragorn could barely feel the ridges through his soles, the seams so tight-fit that the entire chair might have been carven of one massive block. The land dropped sharply away on two sides and meandered down on a third. Behind him lay a slope of trees and half-dry streambeds and jagged rocks. It had been a tiring climb after their long day's march and Aragorn felt foolish now for having suggested it, rather than an easier camp by the river's edge. He let his gaze wander again, taking in the leagues of empty wilderness. "Aragorn?" It was unlikely that Gandalf would drop the matter, no matter how long Aragorn let the question lie unanswered. The wizard was nothing if not persistent. It was one of his strongest attributes—a basis for his vast wisdom, a key to all of their great hopes, and a blessing from the Valar in the battles against the darkness that had been and were yet to come. At the moment, Aragorn would have given much for that persistence to be turned safely elsewhere. The hour was late, but high summer was only days away and the twilight stretched long, heavy and warm. He was yet able to see for a great distance, and all beneath his gaze was still—rough and overgrown, with no sign of movement or life. He knew it was there, of course. The wild lands teemed with all manner of birds and beasts, and surely also the odd hunter or traveler or band of Orcs wandered beneath the forest canopies and through the stark Emyn Muil. His vision was sharp, but not keen enough to pick out a lone creature or a small group at this distance—and if the Seat offered such sight, he saw no evidence of that now. All the world around their small camp gave the impression of vast emptiness. Aragorn suppressed a shiver and turned his gaze back to Amon Hen. His eyes fell on tumbled stone and worn pillars and a cracked, overgrown path—all that remained of the Seat of Seeing and the once great battlements that had surrounded it. The desolation was suddenly overwhelming. Had he truly hoped to find answers here, amid the fallen glory of long dead kings? Some clue to his own way? He was a mad fool. "Nothing." Aragorn heard the ragged edge, and cursed silently. It would be as a beacon for the wizard. He hopped from the Seat to the flagstones, his eyes averted. "I see nothing." He strode past Gandalf to their small fire and crouched beside his pack. There was naught in it that he particularly needed, but the activity gave him a reason to avoid the wizard's gaze. He rifled through the contents twice before he could reasonably delay no longer, then pulled out his own pipe and pipe-weed before re-buckling the flap. That done, Aragorn set about stuffing the bowl with rather more force than was necessary. Gandalf finally approached, footfalls nearly as silent as an Elf's on the rocky ground. He dropped heavily, stretched his arms and neck and back, and emitted a groan. "I often question the wisdom of choosing this body." Aragorn lit his pipe, inhaled a long, calming breath, and fixed a sour eye on his companion. Gandalf hadn't changed the subject. No, that wasn't his way. He was only getting more comfortable for his opening gambit. It was a well-recognized tactic. If the effort had not been directed at him, Aragorn would, as always, have been fascinated to watch his friend at work. "So." Another smoke ring drifted past. "Nothing at all?" Gandalf waved a vague hand at the vast sky and the darkening wood. "I find that highly unlikely." Aragorn's annoyance only deepened when the smoke ring turned green and twisted around on itself before dissipating. Gandalf returned his scowl with an innocent shrug, and Aragorn completed the childish scene by kicking at the dirt beneath his boot. It didn't appreciably help. "Nothing of consequence." The wizard frowned, and produced a ring that turned a rather fantastic shade of magenta upon leaving his lips. "What did you expect to see?" "Expect? I know not. Likely nothing." It was the truth. In his heart, he had known what awaited him before his boots ever touched the Seat of Seeing. It held no magic—at least, none of the kind that he sought. It did not give wisdom. It only looked out over lands long abandoned to the ravages of the wild. Aragorn watched the magenta ring swing slowly around the fire and waft back to them. For unknown reasons the ridiculous sight calmed him, and he sighed. In the end, Gandalf would learn what he sought. It was impossible for even a friend to withstand the wizard's scrutiny for long. Aragorn was left, then, with two choices. He could continue as they had been, forcing his companion to drag words from him one by one, or he could bow to the inevitable and participate gracefully. The second option was, in truth, not unattractive. Despite his reluctance to disappoint, Gandalf had always been a trusted ear. It was only embarrassment, and perhaps pride, that now kept Aragorn's lips sealed. If he was not wise enough, he was beyond any doubt old enough to know better. "What did I wish to see? That is an entirely different matter." Silence descended again. The fire popped, and cicadas shrieked. Gandalf blew a rather sickly yellow ring through the approaching magenta smoke, and they both watched as it did a lazy flip into the fire. The wizard seemed to sense the change in his mood—at least, he prodded Aragorn no further. After a moment, the Man laughed softly. "The fabled Seat of Seeing. I suppose I hoped to find something of my own future here—some glimpse of that toward which I strive." Gandalf's eyes flickered. A blue ring spiraled in tight circles above their heads. "The Seat has not that power." "I know that!" The words were sharper than he intended, but the wizard was unruffled. Aragorn drew a steadying breath and sent out a plume of his own. It neither changed color nor took shape. "I know." He looked down into gritty soil that had once been a broad, straight path, then shrugged and grinned ruefully. "It was a foolish thought." "Perhaps." Gandalf turned his eyes to the rustling leaves. "Perhaps not." He breathed white smoke into the heights, as casual as if they sat discussing the fine evening or their need to hunt on the morrow. "What drives this? Whatever may be your concern, it does not strike me as one of small import." Aragorn scowled, but the wizard was unrepentant. "Reactionary defense in the face of a simple query is not your usual way." And here they were come to it. Aragorn sighed and lifted up his head to the night sky, letting the summer wind caress his hair and face. The entire earth might have awaited his response, so still and silent was the evening twilight. He followed a silver smoke ring with his eyes, and a gold, and a bronze as they formed interlocking rings, then shaped themselves into a cone, then began a slow, whirling dance. It came to him then, as his muscles loosened and his breathing slowed,