A/N: This is a random-ish little story I put together for the October Teitho challenge – Sky. I have never written to a particular word count before, and wanted to give it a try. It was a fun challenge! Who knew it would be so hard to keep myself to 200 a section ... ? ;-P The night watch was not yet past when the Perian trudged into view. His head was down, his steps heavy. He weaved as he walked, uncaring or unaware of the broken city over which he passed. "He is one of those who went into Mordor." Derethal, guard of the second circle, followed the Halfling's progress. "He seems … confused." Túril, his fellow watchman, was less concerned. "He seems drunk. And who can blame him, after what they suffered in that cursed land?" The Perian stumbled over part of a downed wall, yet continued on. "Still," Túril allowed, "perhaps we should not let him wander as he wills. The Periain are as yet unfamiliar with our city." He cast a wry glance at the shattered stones glistening in the pale moonlight. "Such as it is." "I shall call someone to escort him back." "Nay," Túril demurred. "He has surely earned the right to drink to excess without all knowing, if he so wishes. Let us simply guide him to a safe resting place." The Perian took no note as he was steered to a sheltered niche. He only huddled into it, murmuring as a litany, "The sky, Mr. Frodo. The sky." The morning sun was bright. Minas Tirith had labored beneath rain and gloomy skies for much of the week, but that seemed to be at an end. Sam was happy to feel the sun on his face—not much rebuilding or replanting could be done in the wet, and it was difficult to coax Mr. Frodo out of the house when naught but puddles and damp clothing awaited. Strider insisted that gentle exercise would aid the Ringbearer's recovery, but lately the weather had conspired against them. He'll have no excuse today, Sam thought, then opened his eyes to an utterly unfamiliar scene. He was tucked against a stone building, surrounded by rubble. Nothing but the foundation and lower steps remained, and as Sam peered about he saw little that looked any better. His heart beat faster and he stood, rubbing at his wet trousers. If he remembered aright from their tour of the city, it was the lower levels that had been leveled so by Sauron's invading forces. The last he remembered, he had been settling into his snug bed in their comfortable home, after finishing a nice bedtime snack. Where was he now, and how had he come there? "Stand clear!" Men scrambled as the last stones fell, and Calamin grunted with satisfaction. This tavern had been the final structure on the block in need of demolition—he and his crew were surrounded now by mostly bare foundation, though two buildings up the way had escaped massive damage and still stood. It was difficult, tearing down rather than building up in the aftermath of the great battle, but they all understood. The city must be made safe, quickly, to prevent further injury and loss of life. Rebuilding would come after. "Excuse me, sir?" The voice was close, at elbow level. Calamin turned, and cursed when he found himself staring at one of the Periain. Who had brought them into this chaos? He had heard tell that the new King honored them greatly and would deny them little, but surely the man would not be so foolish as to allow them to wander freely through the ruined city. That could only invite disaster. "What are you doing here?" The Perian offered a diffident shrug. "I'm a bit confused about that myself, and I aim to go." He grinned bashfully. "Just as soon as I can find which way is out." "The second level!" Sam shook his head, dismayed. "Of all the times to start sleepwalking, Sam Gamgee, and all the places to go while you do it! It's a good thing I talked about going to the market today, or Mr. Frodo would be all worked up with needless worry by now." He continued along the main thoroughfare, muttering. It was inconvenient, is what it was. The second level was a long way from their house, and it would take him a good while to get back. That level was behind him, at least, and a good bit of the third. The morning was passing, although so was the sun that had seemed so promising. The sky was again darkening, tinged a heavy iron grey. "Sleepwalking!" His stomach had been rumbling for a good while now, and his mouth was dry. He had yet to see any public well. His feet scraped over grimy stone and barked against scattered debris. Somehow, he had bruised his left sole. The road stretched before him, the dull sky pressed down upon him. His pupils contracted, and his breathing settled into familiar rhythm. The road bent away from him, but unseeing, he shuffled on. "Mama, there's a Periman in your garden!" What on Arda was a Periman? Galia left her scrubbing—sometimes it seemed as though she would never be done—and joined her small daughter at the rear door. "What is it, Tindála?" The child pointed. "In your garden." It was grandiose to call the small patch a garden. It had, however, miraculously survived the destruction, and Galia was protective of it. She stepped out, ready to run off an herb thief as she had done often since the fighting ceased, and stopped. A Perian stood at the center of her little plot, breathing deeply of the sharp fragrances. For a moment she froze, and then the small figure swayed. Shaken from her surprise, Galia went to him. "Master Perian?" He looked up, but it was a long moment before his eyes focused upon her. That accomplished, he seemed as startled as she. He looked about the little garden, and red splashed his cheeks. "Begging your pardon, mistress." He ducked his head and tried to depart, but Galia put out a hand. "Hold, Master Perian. Are you well?" The red deepened, but she saw too anxiety in his eyes. "I'm not … sure." What happened? He had been walking toward the fourth level gate, and now … he was in a strange garden, with an unfamiliar Woman. How? He remembered passing broken structures and knots of workmen, women hurrying into the remaining shops and stalls, a pile of abandoned Orc gear in the center of the… No. There was no Orc gear in the roads of Minas Tirith. The remains of the Enemy's army had been cleared away and burned early on. So what… Mordor. Sam's heart pounded, and his ears rang. He had believed he was still in Mordor, trudging along the road toward Mount Doom. This was no sleepwalking. He had been full awake. What was wrong with him? The scent of herbs on the breeze had drawn him, so out of place in that desolate land. It had tickled his memory, alerted him that something was perhaps not as it seemed. And now here he was, gaping like a fool, bothering this lady and the little girl peeking around the door. Congratulations, Sam Gamgee. That's a good day's work, it is... He forced a smile, hoping to ease her worry. "Would you have a cup of water, before I go?" "Garthen, have you been to visit your father yet today?" Garthen straightened, gritting his teeth. He had made a habit, since the wounded had returned from Cormallen, of going to the Houses of Healing to share lunch with his father, who had lost a leg before the Black Gate. Today, however, his aunt had prevented him. " Gather all the smaller stone pieces and bits of wood from the back of the house and cart them down to the disposal site this morning. Do not argue! No one will come to clear the larger debris until they have firm ground to stand upon. Work quickly, and you may yet see your father today." "No." He flung a fist-sized rock into the wheelbarrow with extra force. "She made me stay to haul rocks." Garthen turned his scowl upon Galia, his aunt's near neighbor. "How is that more important?" Galia smiled faintly, patting his shoulder. "I will speak to Lenia." That was unexpected. "You will?" "Aye. I have a guest that would like to walk with you, if he may." Garthen looked past her, and his jaw dropped to behold the small figure that he had only ever seen from afar. "Samwise Gamgee!" The lad was a talker, and no mistake. Even after Sam had overcome his shock at being recognized—by name, no less—he had trouble keeping up with Garthen's questions about all things Perian. "Hobbits, lad. We call ourselves Hobbits." It was just as well. The chatter distracted him from worry about the morning's events. Sleepwalking was one thing, even if he had never done so in the past. "Our land is the Shire." This … waking trance, though, frightened him. What had caused it? And what if it happened again when Mr. Frodo was feeling poorly and needed him? "Aragorn—Elessar, sorry—is our King now. We have a mayor too, though, and a Thain." He couldn't allow that. Mr. Frodo counted on him, and he couldn't be drifting off like that without warning. "What was Mordor like?" Briefly, Sam glanced up at the oppressive sky. "You don't want to know, lad." Maybe the sleepwalking was the key. If the healers could give him a draught to make him sleep better—he'd been tossing and turning lately—surely he'd see the end of it. If not… He shivered. No, indeed. He didn't like to think about it happening again. Healer Beretain slipped out of the ward, into the walkway between the Houses. He was, he reminded himself, fortunate to be here. Many healers had been sent into the city, to succor those too injured to come or not enough injured to warrant a bed. It was necessary for some healers, therefore, to sleep at the complex, and to be available at any hour. Beretain did not begrudge the wounded his care, but he was bone-weary and wished for nothing more than a few hours' sleep on a free cot. Behind him, he heard the light step of youth. Gethil's son had arrived to lighten his father's spirits. As Beretain greeted the boy, a small figure lingered in the archway. "Master Perian." He hurried forward. "May I be of assistance?" The Halfling shifted, awkward. "I've not been sleeping well. I was hoping for a draught to help me." As he moved, Beretain saw fresh blood printing the floor. "Of course." He bowed. "One brief moment, please." He hurried to a nearby room, scrawled a quick note, and hailed a passing page. "Take this to the King at once." The boy darted away, and Beretain returned to guide the Perian within. Sam perched on the edge of a cot, awaiting Beretain's return. The healer had brought him to a private room, attentive while Sam made his request. "I hate to ask it, but I've just been tossing and turning these past nights." "I see." Beretain gestured. "And your feet?" His feet? Sam looked down and was surprised by their state. He hadn't felt the cuts or bleeding, but he supposed he wasn't surprised. You've been tripping over rocks and rubble all night, Sam Gamgee. What did you expect? He offered an apologetic grin, embarrassed at being caught in a half-truth. The Gaffer always said truth was the simplest. Then again, the Gaffer had never been in this situation. "I might of did some sleepwalking, too. Ended up outside, didn't notice where I was." Beretain nodded gravely, then left him. Sam wasn't certain what the healer was doing or why it was taking so long,