The Twilight Series belongs to S. Meyer, no copyright infrigement is intended. I'm just playing with the characters. AN: Yes I know it's been decades since I've posted anything, but I have a story I wrote for SparklingFae that I need to finish (it's about 1,000 words away) so that I can post it here and you can see what I've been up to. I also have 2 O/S that I've been working on to help with my writer's block. One is Leah/Embry pairing and the other is a Leah/Paul. Then I hope to get back to all my stories that I haven't updated in forever. I'm thinking that Dark Solace will be first because it only has about 5 chaps or so left. Then I think I'll work on Unsaid Things (which hopefully won't be more than 10 chaps total). Lastly, I will work on Still Breathing. So be sure to send me a review to let me know what you think of this little O/S. ~Lola Like always the pack mind was a jumble of thoughts. Words, pictures, and emotions flashed through their collective minds. The more dominant wolves had the ability to project their ideas while the others had no choice but to follow the thoughts of the latter. Jesus who just phased? We knew Seth was going to, but there were two of them just now. Through the confusion of the pack mind a tiny voice spoke up. It's Leah. Seth's declaration set their senses were on high alert as they looked for the wolf that has gotten away from them. She was fast. Yet they had an advantage. They knew how the pack mind worked and that what she could see, feel, hear, and sense – they could too. It wasn't long before they determined her route. She was barreling towards the Cullen's old territory. Even though the cold ones had long since left the area, it didn't matter. They rarely set foot on the Cullen's land. Adherence to the treaty was their edict. Embry trailed behind her and pushed himself harder than he had ever before. Their skirmishes with the redhead while exhilarating hadn't given this large of an amount of fuel to his muscles. It was her, and her plight that made him run faster, focused his vision, and allowed him to analyze each obstacle and pick out the best route. He could guess what she was feeling; he recognized it. Fear and anger; sheer terror that clamped its icy fist around one's heart and nothing made sense. And it would only get worse. Soon she would find out the true depths of betrayal those closest to her had sunk to. Sam and Emily's paled in comparison to her father's. If she couldn't forgive them after all these months; how would she forgive her father? It was enough to make her lose all trust in humanity. It wasn't long before the others were falling behind. Their stamina was nowhere near his, and she wasn't running out of steam. Soon he was the only one left. He finally caught a glimpse; a flash of light grey wolf. He could see she was smaller than the rest of them, but that smaller size wouldn't mean that she was weaker. If anything her size would be an advantage. She had proven it with her speed and endurance. And it was possible she would be nimble and able to evade their enemies while fighting longer. As he caught up to her, the true struggle arose. Sam and Jake had been unable to get her to stop. Their commands fell on deaf ears. Even Seth's soft and familiar voice did nothing. Seth beseeched her, begging her to listen and reassured her that everything would be alright; she only had to stop. Nothing worked; everything they had tried was ineffective. It didn't help that she had become aware of his pursuit. His presence spurred her into further action. Instead of running out of steam, she had gotten a second wind. Her fear and anxiety minimized her fatigue and gave her a boost of power. He was within inches of her hind quarters when he made his decision. His legs were tired; muscles trembling and he knew without a doubt that he only had one chance. It was now or never. His eyes narrowed as he sighted the long column of her neck. His target. He leaped forward, propelling his body and opened his mouth. Saliva pooled in his mouth; anticipation and an animal-like yearning crept over him. The first touch of his teeth on her hide startled her. She made a motion to try and buck him off. Her action backfired and instead of her movement causing him to let go, it threw them off balance. They tumbled, rolling haphazardly across the forest floor. Despite the violence of their movements, Embry held on. His jaw locked tighter, just enough to break the skin, but not so much that it would hurt her. He needed her to stop. It was the only way to get her to hear and understand that nothing was going to be the same. The change from human to wolf was always violent. It wasn't the same though when they changed back. For some reason, the transition from wolf form to the smaller human one was made with a minimum of fuss. That didn't mean it was easy to find one's human body after the first phase. Anger was the first emotion needed to become the wolf. To phase back, one must be the opposite of angry. Completely calm. It was this reason why so many of them spent several days, and in Sam's case weeks, trapped as their wolf after the initial phase. As their bodies came to a stop, he loosened his jaw for a second before clamping down again. The instinct to do this came from deep within him. A message to her as he chanted her name like a mantra in their shared minds. Her name fell from him softly and reverently, and he hoped she would understand the hidden meaning. She was safe, and he meant her no harm. Leah was agitated and scared. She hadn't begun to understand the events of the day; the anger and pain, which boiled over. Her body had never burned so much, making her feel that she was being scorched from the inside out. Her skin had felt so tight and strange. It kept building until it reached a point when she thought she would explode. And then she did. Her bones had broken, first one at a time and then multiple. Her muscles and skin had stretched, pulled taut before snapping. The only way to describe the feeling; the only similar thing she had experienced like it was an orgasm. There had never been such a combination of pleasure and relief. After it had happened, she ran. The instinct to flee was too strong to deny. Each beat of her heart; a rhythm of run, run, run, faster, faster. She heeded its call, its command. Even now, her body screamed to run, but the fog in her brain was clearing. Calmness swept over her, wrapping her in its warmth like a blanket fresh from the dryer. She took a few shaky breaths in. Leah, it's me. It's Embry. Don't be afraid. I'm not going to hurt you. His words reached through the barrier her fear had put up. Her heart rate slowed, and she stopped trying to fight. Her body lowered in submission. You can't run, you've already gone too far. We shouldn't be on their land. There's so much you don't understand, so much I…we must tell you. I promise I'll explain everything. All you have to do is be calm. As he spoke, he felt her relax more. His words had the desired effect. He gazed into her mind and saw her recognition. Lethargy slowly overwhelmed her senses. One that was familiar to him as he had experienced it before during his first phase. He prayed the wonder of it all; the anger, the change, and the resulting tranquility and realization of what they were never left him. Never left any of them; it was as close to a complete spiritual awakening as anyone could come to. Although she had relaxed, he found it impossible to let her go. His wolf's nature prevented his jaw from loosening. His teeth continued to worry the tender flesh of her neck. His inaction, or actions depending on whose perspective one looked at, made Leah's mind wander. Her thoughts ran wildly. Her wolf and even her human self, recognized his dominance. His power and control over her and it made her fantasize about things she hadn't before. Certainly not with Sam or in the deepest, darkest nights of her life and definitely, not with him. None of them had once thought of how powerful desire and lust were. Not one of them could have imagined how efficient it would be after their first phase. It crushed Leah's remaining stress and relaxed Embry's wolf. He loosened his grip on her neck and backed away. His wolf form slipped away until he was crouched on the ground, naked and panting. While he understood the change and what was happening, Leah didn't. All she knew was the white hot flames of desire. Later she would wonder if it mattered who was there or if her body was no longer under her control. The very thought turned her on as she fantasized about the possibilities while at the same time; it scared the hell out of her. After all, her little brother was now part of this too. Mere moments after he transformed back she did, too. He couldn't stop his eyes from wandering over her smooth flesh. He took in her rounded curves, his gaze tracing them reverently. In his inexperience, he was unable to name the delicious aroma that rose from her. He only knew he wanted to surround his body in it. He groaned, muttering her name as she did something completely unexpected. She closed the distance between their bodies and her backside rubbed against his erection. Reflexively, his hands reached for her. His fingers dug into her hips, his thumbs fitting into the two identical grooves near the base of her spine. She tried to move, but he held her tight. His body almost exploded. "Embry," she crooned, trying to wiggle out of his grasp. Her plea forced him into action. Somehow he knew what she needed. His hands tightened and pulled her back as he thrust forward. They loosened slightly as he pulled away before he repeated his first actions. She quickly caught onto his rhythm. With each shunt of his cock, she became wetter. Her body wept, needing more than this partial act. She ached inside, and there was only one way to soothe it, but he didn't seem keen to end her torture. His experience, or lack thereof, never came to her mind. So she tried to give him some clues. Each time he pulled away, she shifted slightly and realigned her body to his. Each thrust brought him closer to her entrance, and in turn, she pushed harder back into him. She moaned when the blunt head of his cock slipped between her folds. When it nudged her swollen clit a few strokes later, she twitched, a pained cry of pleasure erupted from her mouth. It was enough to jolt him out of the sensual fog they both had been under. Jfc, what was he doing? This was Leah. Sam's Leah. For fuck's sake, she had just phased, and there was no way she understood what any of this meant. He groaned, his body protesting as he stopped his movements. He forced his hands to release her hips and he shuffled away from her. Those same hands that had been seemingly glued to her were now foreign to him. As he brought