Twilight and its characters belong to SMeyer. No copyright infringement intended. It was another legend. Easily forgotten as time proceeded. A story that Ephraim Black had heard as a young boy and by the time he reached adulthood the story was tucked into the dark vestiges of his mind. He had other things to worry about like the cold ones who had shown up in Forks. They outnumbered Ephraim's small pack of three and they had no choice but to take the word of their natural enemy. The hope that these golden-eyed, pale-faced monsters were telling the truth was an unfathomable risk. It wasn't lightly that they made their decision. Ephraim's father Joseph was the chief of the tribe. The elders – Quil Ateara, Moses Clearwater, and Thomas Uley were the compass that guided Ephraim in quest to balance the needs of the tribe, pack, and his own small and growing family. His wife Martha had just given birth to their youngest child – another daughter who they named Jane. It was holding her – this tiny, fragile scrap of human life that helped him to realize that he needed to trust his instincts. The ones that told him a treaty with the Cullens would be the lesser of two evils; even when his pack, father, and the elders disagreed and tried to convince him otherwise. His mother helped craft the document. The words written in the language of their ancestors – the only means they had to guard against the consequences should the document get into the wrong hands. It would be assumed that the scroll was nothing more than a story. One which gave life to supernatural creatures that had no way to exist in this ever modern age. One of the Cullens could read minds. Ephraim learned it when he, Quil II, and Levi brought the document to them and the bronze-haired boy stated, "I appreciate your concerns and we are grateful for your foresight. Should such a document ever be found, it could be disastrous for us as we are governed much like you are. Revealing what we are is forbidden and punishable by death." At the time Ephraim had been questioning the choice to write the document in Quileute. And at this late hour, there wasn't the time to change it. Though the safety of the tribe's history and legends were at risk if it got in the wrong hands; it was his duty as Alpha and the future chief of the tribe to put the tribe before his own needs. He had roamed the Earth for decades. At first, he had kept track by marking off the years on a rock near the cave he would use as shelter in the cold season. After some period it seemed pointless – time was meaningless when one had been wandering as long as him. His human life was getting more and more difficult to remember, but he had no choice. The decision to roam the lands that he had once been chief of was a drive coming from the wolf. The wolf that had become much stronger than the man; each cycle of the moon, the seasons, and years strengthened the wolf's resolve. He had tried to give up many times, but the wolf would reveal the shadowy snippets of the joy to come. The woman he was waiting for. The missing piece to his soul; one he hadn't realized was missing until after his first phase. He wondered if Taha Aki had felt this intense, burning ache – the painful, chugging of his heart as he waited. It waxed and waned in intensity. Some days the pain was so crippling that the man had no choice but to give over to the wolf. The animal doing what needed to be done to survive. He been young, only seventeen summers, when he laid eyes on the young maiden he later took as his wife. She was half-Makah and Quileute. The history of the Quileute tribe with the Makah had been a rocky one. Years of peace interspersed with conflicts. It was difficult to say whether the hok'wat government had helped the peace between the two tribes. Their lands were stolen and they were moved to smaller areas; places that the hok'wats termed reservations . He had been a small boy when his father had signed the documents – a treaty – with the hok'wats and it was the reason for the name he now carried: Jacob Black. Jacob was a name from a book the hok'wats preached from. Black was in honor of their ancestor Shipa. Shipa was the Quileute word for black and while the hok'wats forbade the tribe to speak or name things in their native tongue – they found ways around it. Jacob didn't remember the name he had before. It was the downfall of being so young when things had begun to change. And that brought his thought back to her, Alice Fox. She had been the most beautiful maiden he had ever set his eyes on. Their union was meant to heal the strife between the two tribes. At first, he had resisted the idea. He understood the position he had been born into and knew his role, but it still chaffed. Alice had been just as unwilling as he was. His mother encouraged him to spend time with Alice. Soon, her soft spoken words and smiles along with her intelligence intrigued him. She wasn't like the meek maidens he was used to. There was a fire inside her and it didn't take long before he realized there was no one better suited to be at his side. They were wed in a hok'wat ceremony and later, privately in a ceremony of their ancestors. Once on the Makah reservation, so that her people could meet him – an important step for when the time came for Jacob assume his destiny. Then, after a week of feasts and celebration, they returned to La Push and celebrated with his tribe. Joseph was born within a year and Joanna two years after him. With Joanna's birth came the first of many losses he experienced. Alice – the girl who had become a woman and who he thought would be by his side until their children were grown – died shortly after giving birth. His father was next, leaving him a widower with two small children and the mantle of chief over his head. Then came the day he wasn't expecting. A day when the rage and sadness at the gods, which he buried deep inside, broke free. His body twisting and contorting, an inferno of pain rocked his body as his bones and muscles realigned. When the pain diminished, he ran, only to realize that he was no longer human he was something else. A flickering memory flashed; one in which he had sat on his mother's lap while his grandfather told them the stories of the tribe. This story was different from the ones he had heard before. A legend of a man whose spirit had entered the body of a wolf – Taha Aki. As he ran through the forest, he realized the thudding sound of paws was him and when he finally stopped, taking a drink of water from a small stream, he gazed into it. The crystal clear liquid showed his new form. His astonishment and fascination with his transformation was interrupted by the terrified screams of his mother. How he knew it was her by her scream alone, he wasn't sure. He felt as the wolf took over and together they ran to her small hut. The same hut where his children were for the day. Adrenaline rushed through his veins giving him speed and strength. The scene when he arrived made his blood run cold. A pale-faced stranger crouched holding his mother's body. Blood dripping from its mouth – the bright, redness of it was surreal. His mother's screams nothing more than a gurgling sound. Briefly, he wondered if this was a nightmare and prayed that he would wake from it. Joseph's small voice reminded him that everything in front of his face was part of his reality. "Father…" Jacob swung his head towards his son and the monster's head did the same. Joseph and Joanna stood there. Joanna's black eyes were wide with fright, her small frame trembling and her hand gripped Joseph's like it was a lifeline. The sound of his mother's body crashing to the ground brought his eyes back to the monster . It moved with a speed he hadn't been anticipating and his heart dropped as he questioned whether he could save his children in time. The wolf nudged him – growling at him. He suddenly understood that the wolf knew what to do, even when he didn't. It was the wolf who charged at the monster – ripping and tearing its hard, marble flesh apart. The terrible sounds, which emanated from his destruction of it, brought a few tribe members who were close by to his mother's hut. It wasn't long before the monster lay on the ground in pieces. Jacob took control over his wolf body as the wolf slid into the recess of his mind. His jaded gaze watched as several elderly tribesmen took torches and lit the pieces on fire. It wasn't until they moved toward the fallen body of his mother – the vessel, which had once held her spirit that he was able to break free of the wolf. His body shimmered and trembled. The fire burned along his limbs. A mournful howl left his lips, the sound transforming into a wailing cry of her name. His naked human body became a blur of motion as he rushed to her side. Her lifeless body, he clutched to his. Tears streamed down his face. It was too much for him. His wife. His father. And now his mother. She was the map and compass; the guide to his life. The one who ensured that his heart wasn't just that of a warrior or a man, but a lover, a husband, and a father. His anchor in rough times. He sobbed as his heart broke. His mind was unable to fathom living without her wisdom and strength. He maintained a death grip on her body, knowing that the moment he let go what would happen. "My chief," he heard a gravelly voice begin. "You must let her go. The body must be burned to ensure she doesn't come back as one of them ." He wasn't deterred. His grip tightening as he set his jaw defiantly. He raised his face and dared the elders in front of him to defy him. "She will become a wìlot'adáxha – a monster feasting on the blood of the tribe until we are no more. The cold one you destroyed was the reason for your change. It is only when we are faced with them that we have the power to transform into the wolf." Reluctantly, he released her body. Another elder produced a blanket, which he wrapped around his hips to cover his naked body. Turning his back, he walked over to his children and gathered them up into his arms. "I want you to close your eyes." He commanded them and then he began to walk away from his mother's hut. His final words to the elders were loud and clear. "Destroy it all." He continued to phase into the wolf. He was compelled to protect the tribe and he refused to allow unnatural death to visit them ever again. After the death of his mother, it was suggested to him that he should take a wife so his children could have the influence of a female in their lives. Secretly, the tribe wished that Jacob would do it for himself too, but he refused. The wolf was appalled by the idea. He didn't know when he figured it out or