A/N: The original story, Shadowed Exiles, was deleted months ago. This means that Chapter One is a repost and Chapter Two, posted in conjunction straight after, contains the new material. If you've already read the first part you might like to go straight to chap two. Anonymous reviews are welcomed. Elven Homecomings Chapter One - First Meetings There was something uncomfortable about the way she was positioned and, only half awake, she tried to figure out what it was. Her body did not feel right and something tickled furiously at her wrists. Fuzzy and annoying. She tried to move position but could not. The pleasant dream she was having began to fade out as she realised her face felt so hot, too hot, and she wondered briefly where she was. She yanked her arms in annoyance before realising they were held in place. Her eyes slowly and unwillingly opened, banishing the last of her dream, and her entire body groaned in a kind of unfamiliar pain as she swivelled and twisted. She was tied up! Her aching arms and sore wrists were pinning her unceremoniously to the trunk of a tree, and as she tried to swallow in reaction and alarm, her throat told her of it's burning thirst. Her whole self felt wretched, and sun mercilessly beat down upon her unprotected skin. She struggled at first, almost involuntarily, but to no avail. She remembered how she must have wound up here. She remembered the trolls. Her first thoughts went to the small group of people she had been travelling cross-country with. Were they all right? Since the war in Middle Earth had been over for a year now, many had become bold, and roads between hamlets had begun to open again as the threat of violence had decreased. Annabelle and some others had thought it okay to travel through their own country. Had it not been a year since the orcs, afraid and beaten in the war, once again masterless, had fled the land, leaving it free for the race of man to go about their business. Apparently all was not as safe as many would believe. Some foul threat still lingered in the once tranquil land of Goldacres, and one thing she knew for sure, trolls were still abroad. In a world where many learned the art of combat, with sword and knife, Annabelle was as helpless as a newborn kitten. She had no need of fighting and no interest in it. She had always been protected by her many brothers. Although mainly farmers of the land, they knew enough of combat and could protect themselves when needed. With a sinking feeling, Annabelle realised she did not even carry a knife, not even a small one. Suddenly she felt foolish, travelling across the countryside without even the protection of her family, on an errand to visit relatives, as though all were sunny again in the world, and over every hill were candy vendors waiting to hand out sweets! Sweat trickled down her face, bringing her back to the present. She did not clearly know what it was that trolls did to their victims. Did they eat them? Or would they take her to present to some greater evil yet? She could not guess. She began to tremble as it sunk in that she was all alone. She tried to look around her to take in her surrounds. She was tied to a tree, and not far from it was the remains of a fire, and broken blackened wood lay scattered there as though some giant foot had kicked the fire over, stamping it out in haste. Large boulders, two of them, were at the edge of the sooty earth. Drag marks behind them showed that they had been recently pulled across the earth, but these rocks were huge! What they must have weighed she didn't know. Her breath quickened in alarm as her eyes gazed at the stones, moved so effortlessly. Her mind tried to remember what had happened to her, to her party, but for some reason it made her break out in a sweat. There would be time enough for that later. Right now she had to free herself, or end up as a main course with the setting of the sun. She began to struggle vainly, but she was tied tight. Fear began to kick in. She did not know what she could do. A few timeless minutes passed, just enough for her to overdose on building fear and let despair creep in like a thief in the night. She could hear an approach so clumsy through the dry underbush, that it could only be her captors. They were getting closer and she could only begin to flinch in sorry anticipation of her doom, cowering like the helpless maiden that she was. The tops of their heads became visible above some tall trees, for these beasts were over ten feet tall. Like a pathetic insect she began to struggle uselessly against her binds, the pain of her wrists momentarily ignored as the thumping giants neared and tears began to find their way out of the sides of her eyes. Furious that her fate would end like this, she stopped struggling as the trolls rounded the last of the trees, entering the clearing, and she thought that this was what it felt like to prepare inwardly to die. Numbly she saw that they had blades tied to their belts. She squeezed her eyes shut as the stinking beasts looked upon her and smiled goofily, but eagerly nonetheless. Trolls were not smart, but what they lacked in brains they made up for in brawn. "Ahh, the waif awakes," one of them spoke, the nearer and uglier of them. Bits of drool hung on its lips, which it now turned into a mean smile. "Pretty aren't we? And young. Weren't you foolish to be wandering around these lands as though you owned them, eh?" The second troll caught up and stood with its friend. Its nostrils flared as though it were taking her scent. Annabelle could not even swallow at this point, although her throat moved convulsively, and she knew that she could not even speak to defend herself or give dignity to her last moments. She prayed they would not toy with her but make it fast. Her eyes were mostly closed. The nearer of the trolls reached out with its meaty hand, its palm easily as big as her entire head, and she shivered in disgust. But it did not get far. Just then a whistling through the air, which she felt gently as a stirring of air against her face, alerted her to a change. There was a small, dull thud, then another, then another. At first she had thought that this was the sound of arrows through the air, but there were so many of them in such quick succession that it would take at least five, or more, archers to produce this, and she knew there was not cover for that many. Besides, who was there out here to defend a poor maiden, clearly off the road and out of any reach of safety? Peeking open one eye to look, she saw in wonder the first troll, followed by the second, fall forward onto the earth, each with at least seven arrows protruding from their backs and neck. This was a miracle, and were it not for the rope holding her upright, she would have fallen on top of the giant bodies before her in pure relief and exhaustion. Instead, she merely sagged heavily, moaning slightly as the rope dug deeper into raw wrists, and nearly passed-out. Out of the trees stepped one archer then, not five, not ten, only the one tall, slight figure dressed in green leggings and brown tunic. Long blonde hair flowed freely around his pale face and strong shoulders, and a travel cape was thrown carelessly back over his shoulders to reveal the arrows slung on his back. The bow he dropped unnoticed on the ground as he hastened over to the tied maiden, whose head had lulled forward, and low moans were all that she muttered. "Are you okay?" he asked of her quickly. His hand came up to check her pulse, and satisfied that it was strong, he quickly reached up to her bound hands, knife coming from out of his sheath. He cut the ropes then, gently lowering the girl into his arms and carrying her a small way away from the fallen trolls and their stench. He noted that she was human, and he wondered briefly where her companions could be. Had they abandoned her when the trolls attacked, he wondered. He had spied the trolls seemingly following a trail along the main road, and then seen them give up and head into the brush. Curious by this odd behaviour, he had surreptitiously followed, and how glad he was that he did. This poor human girl would be dead by now if he did not. She stirred beneath him on the ground. Ah good, she was coming to. "Would you like some water?" he asked anxiously, holding his waterskin ready for her to quench her thirst. Her dark blonde head reached up and she took a sip from the skin, and very slowly swallowed, wincing as though it were painful, then she tried to lie down again, as if she just wanted to go to sleep, which she probably did. "No," the elf protested softly. "Can you walk? Or shall I carry you, for we must away from here this moment." He pointed elegantly at the trolls to make his point. Who knew if there were more of the rotten beasts around. Her eyes fluttered open, liquid blue eyes, and she stared without comprehension into his own blue eyes. "Wha..?" She said. "Mm. Water. Please." She took another sip and rested back again to gaze at him. Who was he, and more importantly, was he safe? He looked a whole lot better than the trolls, but who knew what danger she might still be in. He had such a queer look to him, otherworldly almost, and the expression on his face was one she couldn't immediately recognise. He nodded to himself then, and frowned slightly. She spoke the language of men, but not the Standard Tongue. He could speak elvish, dwarvish and some bits of orcish, and of course the Standard Tongue of the men, but her dialogue was unfamiliar to him. This would make things a lot harder if he had to get her home again, or into some kind of safety. And he didn't particularly wish to be slowed down either. The girl seemed to catch his troubled expression and asked him no doubt what was wrong. "Do you not speak elvish, my lady?" he asked. She took longer to realise what was going on. She kept speaking her tongue, regardless. Patiently he waited for the penny to drop. Fear began to show again on the young woman's face as she realised they couldn't communicate properly. "Why do you not understand me?" she asked shakily. What man did not speak her own language, unless it be someone from the other end of the earth, some heathen perhaps, or a new enemy looking to conquer this land in these uncertain times. She began to cringe away from him again, the waterskin forgotten. Sighing to himself, the elf leaned forward and moved his blonde hair away from his ears, revealing their pointy tips, and he smiled kindly. "I am of the elven, my lady, and that is why you cannot understand me. Let me introduce myself, I am Legolas of Mirkwood, at your service." Pointing to himself he repeated "Legolas" and smiled encouragingly. But rather than make her comforted, she seemed to grow more alarmed. What was this man with the pointy ears, was it some kind of deformity? What did any of this