AN: Hello, internet! I'm pretty new here, so please heap on as much constructive criticism as you can! (Note the constructive part.) If you enjoy Solangelo, nutty sort-of prophecies, and Apollo, keep reading! I am the same person as A. , but for unknown reasons, I can't get back onto that account. I tried everything, but the only solution I found was to return to this old, dusty account from two years ago. So, yeah. It's me, sorry for the confusion and delay. I was going to stick to my once-every-two-week plan, but life got in the way, from school to my stupid brain getting distracted by everything on Youtube to having what I call a Writer's Crisis due to me realizing that I am in fact ace/aro, and subsequently feeling like I shouldn't be allowed to write romance of any kind. I'm thankfully (mostly) over that, so the Solangelo train has been pulled back onto it's tracks! Except now it's several months late, so... in a word, sorry. Disclaimer: All characters, settings, and gods belong to Rick Riordan, except for any mentioned OCs. I am not Rick Riordan, and therefore do not own this story. I do, however, get the plot, as it is going to be exceptionally bad-ass. Will Solace and the Oracle's Cry Chapter 1 The Oracle Goes Nuts Will felt useless. The only reason he was in this meeting was because he was the head counsellor of the Apollo cabin. He didn't have any prophetic powers, like the twelve-year-old auger Cathy Naples or his brother Jack Polunn, and he definitely wasn't like Rachel Dare or Ella. Even Tyson was more useful than he, and Tyson was only here was to keep Ella from flying away in fright of Lupa, who kept glaring at Ella. The meeting Will was in was about trying to restore prophecy to the camps. Ever since the Giant War ended, two months ago, there hadn't been a single prophetic dream, a single vision, or even one of Rachel's special "I am omniscient" paintings that showed an event that really happened. Even Will could feel something missing, like a small piece of his soul ripped out and left to cave in on itself. They had tried praying to Apollo, but every offering turned to ash, without so much as a bread crumb making it to his godly nostrils. Chiron paced at one end of the table. Since the Romans were too "civilized" to hold an official meeting around a ping-pong table, they held it at the dinner pavilion, where the cleaning harpies sent them dirty looks. At the other end, Lupa prowled, occasionally snapping at an unfortunate harpy that got too close. Clovis snored away at Chiron's end, muttering helpful things like, "the cheese was sour" and "I'm really starting to hate this song". Lou Ellen was holding a bowl of mysterious liquid, staring into it so intensely that she was going cross-eyed. Cathy Naples, a Roman granddaughter of Apollo, and Jack were in deep conversation with Rachel, and occasionally, Ella, about the deep workings of seeing the future. Will had trouble following it. After almost half an hour of wasting time later, Will had had enough. "Why?" he blurted, cutting over Jack's comment about seeing huge snakes eating the sun. Everyone stopped. Clovis fell off the table. Lou Ellen spilled some of her liquid, turning her hands sparkly pink and blue. Cathy cut her hand with the Imperial gold dagger she was holding. "Why what?" Chiron asked. He stopped pacing. "Why are we," Will glanced up at the sky nervously. He really didn't want to be turned into a tree, and his question might make some god angry. "Why are we even searching for Delphi, anyway? I mean, wouldn't it be better to not have prophecies at all? After all, if the First prophecy hadn't existed, the whole thing might not have even happened." Cue thunder. Everyone stared at him like he had lost his head, even Tyson. Of course they were. Saying the Oracle was unimportant, even going as far as blaming it for the Great Wars, was like saying "damn you!" to the gods. He had to ask, though. Because he had seen what the Oracle had done to Luke, and to Nico, and to Lee and Michael and everyone else who had died in the past six years. Will had watched Castor, son of Dionysus, die from poisoned bites, and he had watched a demigod fall 600 floors, from Mount Olympus itself. He had seen demigods he could have saved, if they hadn't been trampled into the forest ground by those wild horned centaurs. Knowing demigod luck, if they brought back the Oracle, they'd be hit with a third war. Rachel leaned forward. "Will, you know the Oracle doesn't create Fate. The three Fates have a difficult and unpredictable job, and the Oracle simply gives warnings to make sure you are prepared." Rachel probably would have said more, but at that moment, her eyes rolled up into the back of her head. Green smoke rolled out of her open mouth. Everyone shouted, and instantly silenced themselves. Rachel plus smoke could only mean the oracle had returned, somehow. But Will could feel something just wrong about the smoke. He glanced at Jack. The fourteen year old boy obviously sensed something wrong, too. He was glaring at the smoke like it had personally offended him, and his mouth was clenched, a sign that he was trying to hide pain. Then the red smoke showed. Ella whimpered, and only Tyson's big bear hug kept her from escaping. She had her head buried in his arms, though. Will instantly knew that the Oracle was somehow ill. It was unwell, probably from wherever it had been. " The one you seek is taken!" Rachel shouted. The red smoke somehow obscured the words, and Rachel was clearly trying to shout loud enough to be heard. "... reawakened! Light and Shadow journey to set... The time of darkness nears! ...fate!" The smoke lessened, and the last two lines were heard loud and clear. " Beware Misery, the hero shall fear! The past come to haunt his soul! " Rachel finally collapsed, but instead of getting sucked back into her body like it usually did, the Oracle escaped through the columns of the pavilion. Will caught Rachel before she fell, but nearly froze up as she touched him. Her skin was so cold , almost icy. Her pulse was unnaturally faint and slow, and she didn't seem to be breathing . She was freezing . "She's dying!" Will shouted. But nobody else seemed to be in any condition to help her. Cathy and Jack were bent double in pain, and Chiron and Lupa were helping them. Clovis, now very awake, was scribbling down the words, and Tyson was chasing after Ella, who was screeching, "Bad! Bad! Yellow fever, black plague, death!" Lou Ellen was pulling out packets of healing potions, ambrosia, and nectar, but those only worked on demigods. Rachel was mortal. Will concentrated on singing the most powerful healing hymn he knew: The Song of Life. [Ο Λόρδος OH Απόλλωνα ευλογήσει αυτό το ακυβέρνητο ψυχής με τη δεύτερη ζωή. Ο Λόρδος OH Άδη απορρίπτουν αυτή την ψυχή μόνο μια φορά, γι 'αυτό ήρθε η ώρα δεν έχει έρθει ακόμα.] When that only sped her heart rate up a bit, he knew he had to try something he hadn't done since he had almost killed himself healing Percy Jackson when he was eleven. He exhaled and concentrated. His hands glowed, softly at first, but stronger as he pushed it. He pushed them down on Rachel's chest, concentrating on healing her. He could feel every injury she had, even the blister on her foot. He pushed his life force into her, making her body heal at hyperspeed. After an intense minute, Rachel's vitals returned to normal. Her breathing stabilized, and she began to sleep. Will sat back on his heels, sweaty and drained. Healing with his life force was dangerous work, especially with Rachel so close to her other demigods stared at Will, wide-eyed. As far as he knew, Will was the only demigod who could heal like that. He generally tried to keep his ability quiet, saving it as a last resort. But even Kayla, the oldest Apollo camper after him and the one with the most diverse list of talents, couldn't heal with her life force. "She's...fine," Will managed to say. "Can I have... some ambrosia?" Lou Ellen jumped forward, eager to finally be able to help, and pushed an ambrosia cracker into his hand. Nico di Angelo burst in suddenly, sweaty and red in the face. Will found himself a little more breathless. "Who's dying?" he shouted. His eyes darted around, before landing on Will, Lou Ellen, and Rachel. "Will- Rachel! I thought I was too late!" Lou Ellen looked at him. "Late for what?" "I could feel someone's life force draining!" Nico said, rushing to Will's side. "What on Olympus happened?" Will shoved the cracker in his mouth. "The Oracle," he said with his mouth full. He swallowed, savoring the taste of apple pie for a moment. "It somehow came back to Rachel, but it was like..." He trailed off, trying to find a proper description for the strange red mist. "Like it was fighting itself," supplied Jack. Chiron supported him, so he could sit up. Clovis nodded, looking like he was trying his hardest to not fall asleep. "I recorded the words," he said. "But I couldn't get them all. There was this red thing, and it was sort of obscured them, but I got this." He held up the paper proudly. Cathy didn't move to get up, but she said, "Did that prophecy seem, I don't know, odd to anyone? I mean, besides the obvious." Will had no clue what she meant, but Lou Ellen nodded. "You're right," she said. "I'm no prophet or auger, but when a prophecy is spoken, I can usually scry it pretty well." She gestured to her bowl with one sparkly hand. "I'm getting nothing, though." "I think it was some sort of emergency call," Jack said. "Kind of like when Hera possessed Rachel when she was trapped in the Wolf House." Will stopped following the conversation there. Nico sat down next to Will. "Hey," he greeted. "Hey." Will relaxed instantly. In the two months since the Giant War ended, he and Nico had become good friends, as well as Lou Ellen and Cecil. He grinned. "So, you ran halfway across camp to see Rachel." Nico reddened. "Well, she was dying ," he said. "Also, I couldn't tell who was dying, just that someone was. I thought... I don't know what I thought, actually. I would have shadow-traveled, but it's harder during the day, and I wanted to actually be able to do something." For some stupid reason, that made Will inexplicably happy. He shoved the thought in the back of his mind and asked, "What do you think?" "About the prophecy?" Nico asked. "Honestly, I just hope it won't involve more wars. After all these camps have been through, another war might end us." Then, Chiron said, "We need to bring this to the demigods. Let's adjourn this meeting and bring this issue up at campfire time. Agreed?" Lupa nodded. "This matter must be settled by the camps." As the others left, Will and Nico got up, but Chiron looked at them. "Will, Nico, I have to talk to you." "Sir?" Will asked politely. He was still feeling a little empty on the inside from the intense healing, and he really wanted to rest. Chiron sighed. His brown eyes seemed darker. "That line about light and darkness... you know what that means, don't you?" Will blinked at him, unsure of what the centaur was hinting at, but Nico sighed and nodded. "I was hoping I was wrong about that," Nico said. "I mean, darkness- I knew