Summary: A different path from the books, starting from the night Sam imprints. A new future for Leah that affects everyone around her. What if Leah found a happily ever after that was different from what she always imagined? Blackwater. AN: This will be a Blackwater Story! The Cullens will also be a part of this story. I do not hate the Cullens, however, I am not a fan of Bella, Edward or Nessie. So if you are a major fan of those three there might be parts of this story you don't agree with. There will also be no Nessie/Jacob as this is a Blackwater fic. This is my first attempt at fanfiction so let me know what you think and thanks for trying it! The story is in third person but focuses on one person at a time (usually Leah or Jacob). Disclaimer: All rights to the story and characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. I am simply borrowing plot and characters for fun not profit. Chapter 1: It Wasn't Supposed to be Like This June 2004 Emily's Head "When am I going to meet this Sam?" Emily asked her cousin as she checked her reflection in her bedroom mirror. Emily had come to stay with her favorite cousin for the summer. Leah's graduation started in an hour and Emily had been waiting around all afternoon to meet the perfect boyfriend Leah spent endless hours swooning about on the phone. Fiancé . Emily corrected her train of thought as she watched her cousin straighten out her white dress. Her perfect cousin, with the long copper legs that seemed endless. Her glossy black hair hung straight down her back. Her large, dark eyes twinkled as bright as her smile. She looked just like she belonged next to the man in the picture on her bedside table. The man Emily had been hearing about for months. The man Leah was secretly engaged to, wearing a ring around a chain on her neck. Emily was the only person Leah had told, they planned to tell everyone at Leah's graduation party tomorrow. Emily kept a smile plastered on her face as she watched her cousin smile at Sam's name. The jealousy was eating her alive. It wasn't enough that Leah was completely gorgeous. Or that everyone in La Push and back home knew of her, wanted to be her or date her. It wasn't enough that she had the most doting parents or loving little brother in the world. She also had to be smart and funny and be engaged to the hottest guy Emily had ever laid her eyes on. She wanted Sam, but knew that with the love they shared she would never get the chance. With him in the picture she believed she could look just as good as her cousin. Leah's Head "When am I going to meet this Sam?" Emily asked as Leah starred at her reflection in the mirror. She put a forced smile on her face not meeting her cousin's eye. "Tonight," She promised running her hands through her hair. She hoped they would meet tonight. She was glad Emily bought her excuse that Sam was working late when she arrived that afternoon wondering where her doting fiancé was. The truth was Leah hadn't seen Sam in over two weeks. It was only in a hushed call this afternoon while Emily was distracted by Seth's antics that he promised her he wouldn't miss her graduation, not for anything. For his own well-being he better not . Leah thought as she adjusted the ring hiding on the chain under her dress. This was her night, and this weekend was the start of their future. Announcing their engagement in front of everyone at her party tomorrow. Moving her stuff into Sam's small house on the reservation. Preparing for college classes in the fall. Everything was falling into place. "I can't wait!" Emily squealed from her seat on Leah's bed. "Me either," Leah said with a soft smile, "The two most important people in my life meeting. This day is long overdue." "You look great, sis!" Seth said to his taller sister as she followed their cousin down the stairs. "You look good to, Em." "Thanks," She said turning in the royal purple dress, "It's Lay's." Leah smiled at the childhood nickname. "It's my favorite so be careful," She playfully elbowed her cousin as her parents entered the living room. Her mother was snapping pictures as she walked and her beaming father handed her a white rose. "I'm so proud of you, Princess." She smiled as she accepted the rose. For the past few weeks her father had been ridiculously busy with the council leaving them very little time together. She was glad he pulled himself away for tonight. "Thanks, Daddy." She smiled posing for a picture with her father before ushering everyone out of the house. "Come on there will be time for pictures later! I don't want to be late." She hurried out of the house with a laugh, dragging Emily along and climbing into the back seat with her and Seth. Her parents took the front seats and set off to the high school. Leah hurried out of the car with a large smile on her face. Many of her classmates hurried over giving her hugs before leaving to find their places. Leah met everyone with a graceful smile, but her eyes scanned the clearing for any sign of Sam. She waited until the last minute to leave her family and join her classmates. Sam wasn't in the lineup either. She took calming breaths as the ceremony started. As valedictorian she rose to make her speech. The Black twins smiled at her as she passed, giving her reassurance but not fixing the disappointment she felt as she glanced around once more but still found no sign of Sam. The rest of the ceremony went by in a blur. She cheered loudly for Rebecca and Rachel. Going through the motion when her own name was called. It was only when she found herself in a shower of graduation caps that she knew the ceremony was over. A moment later she was surrounded by the twins cheering happily in her ears. Rebecca moved away first seeing their family approach while Rachel leaned in to whisper in her ear, "No sign of him?" It wasn't a secret Sam was missing. Their class was small and he and Leah were the golden couple. Rachel, Leah's best friend on the reservation, was quick to spread the rumor that he was taking a spirit quest, connecting to his roots. She knew the truth though. That Leah hadn't heard from him and had no idea where he had run off to. "No," She said as Billy Black rolled over to meet them. Rachel leaned down so he could kiss her cheek. Accepting a similar wildflower bouquet to the one in Rebecca's arms. "My girls, I'm so proud." He beamed at his twin daughters. "Your mother would have been so proud. You too my Leah." He said handing her a single flower. "Thank you, Billy." She said kissing his cheek. She smiled to Jacob, standing behind his father's chair. Something in the distance caught her attention, "Excuse me please." She left the Black family and headed towards the trees. Suddenly Sam stepped out from behind them, a sheepish smile on his face, "Hey Lee-Lee." "Sam!" She said excited throwing herself into his arms. He didn't respond when she kissed him, "What's wrong? Where have you been?" "Don't worry about that now. I'm so proud of you!" "You didn't walk." "I skipped out on finals. I have some things to catch up on before I get my diploma." "Will you still be ready to leave in August?" "Don't worry, look here comes your parents." "Leah!" Her mother smiled hugging her daughter tight, "You were amazing!" "Thanks, Mom." She smiled as Seth and her father hugged her finally revealing Emily. "Sam, I would like you to meet Emily." She pulled her cousin forward turning to face a blank faced Sam. She called his name a few times and she finally gained her attention, "Are you alright?" "Fine," He sputtered, forcing himself to look at her. "I have to go." "Sam!" She called as he disappeared. "Sam!" "Let it go, Sweetie." Sue said hugging her daughter close. "You will see him tomorrow." "Yeah," Leah nodded pasting a fake smile on her face as she left to celebrate with her family. The Clearwater family got up early the next morning. Leah's party started at First Beach at noon and the entire reservation was invited. Seth and Harry had left early to work on set up while Emily and Leah, joined by Rachel and Rebecca, got ready in Leah's room. Leah curled her hair softly, before applying natural makeup that made her eyes pop. She pulled on her earth green sundress before joining the others in her room. The twins sat on her bed, Rachel in red and Rebecca in yellow. Emily was standing in front of her mirror in a pink sundress applying a bright pink gloss. "Leah, you look amazing," Rachel said as Leah did a spin. Emily turned quickly dropping the lip gloss on her dress. "Oh no!" She turned to show the girls the damage, "Now what?" "Where is the dress from last night?" Rebecca asked. "Here," Leah said plucking the dress off of her desk chair, "You looked amazing in this Em." "Are you sure? I wore it last night!" "It was dark and no one saw it much," Rachel said with a shrug. "Besides, you need to show a dress like that off in the daylight," Rebecca added. "Are you sure, Lays? It is your favorite." "Defiantly," She pushed her cousin to the bathroom. "Now go and change so we can get to the party!" The girls climbed out of Sue's car, giggling as they approached the beach. Billy, Harry, Jacob and Seth had set everything up and the party had begun. Rebecca quickly hurried off, dragging Emily to meet a guy that would be perfect for her. Rachel and Leah mingled a bit, Leah's eyes scanning constantly for any sign of her missing fiancé her hand grasping at her engagement ring on the chain around her neck. "What are you playing with?" Rachel asked dropping Leah's hand and turning her to face her. She pulled on the chain around Leah's neck revealing the small diamond ring, "Is that what I think it is?" "We were going to announce it today." "Congratulations!" Rachel squealed pulling the ring off the chain. "Put it on! Show it off and let's go find your stupid fiancé!" Laughing Leah slipped the ring onto her left hand letting Rachel admire it before they rejoined the crowd. The party was in full swing now as they stepped back onto the beach. They continued their search for Sam stopping to talk to a few people and dance by the burning bonfire. Leah's ring didn't miss anyone's attention and word spread quickly through the partying crowd. It was about two hours later when they had almost given up on their Sam search. Rumors of the engagement spread faster than the bonfire flames. Rachel made her new point to be distracting Leah from the missing Sam. They danced with their friends and tried all of Sue's food. It was growing dark before Leah began to wonder what had happened to her cousin. Rachel and Leah stumbled upon a slightly buzzed Rebecca, "Have you seen Em?" Rachel asked grasping her stumbling sister by her arms. "Not since she was talking to Sam!" She said over the music, dancing in place. "Sam is here?" Leah asked to which Rebecca nodded. "Where did you see them last?" She pointed down the beach before moving away from the pair and rejoining the mass of dancing teens. Leah and Rachel gave each other a look scanning the