2013 Fandom for Leukemia & Lymphoma Society Compilation Backstage Pass by MinaWritesSlash Rating: NC-17 Summary: Riley has only one last chance to see his favorite band live before he is up to his eyeballs with medical textbooks, and he's willing to do everything to make it happen. When the day finally arrives, Riley will get more than he could have ever imagined. Could a chance meeting and a special request be the key to make his dreams a reality? All Human/Slash. Edward & Riley. Beta: AJasper ForMe | Banner Maker: Ellie Wolf Thanks to everyone that donated to this amazing cause. xo ~ BACKSTAGE PASS ~ I fidgeted anxiously, rubbing my hands together to ward off the cold. The store wouldn't open for at least another hour and I could literally feel my balls shriveling up. "This is the worst idea you've ever had," I heard my sister grumble behind me. I rolled my eyes and didn't say anything. She tried pinching my arm, but I didn't feel anything underneath the three layers of clothes I was wearing. "Ow, that really hurt," I deadpanned. "Riley!" "Look Vic, I know this is, well—" "Fucking crazy?" "I was gonna go for unorthodox, but sure … I just really need to do this. Please?" She sighed in defeat. "Fine, but you owe me. Big time!" I hugged her tightly, lifting her off the ground. "Thank you, sis!" "Put me down, you big fairy!" I laughed and kissed her cheek and went back to feeling my balls freezing over. We had been here since yesterday afternoon, waiting in line to buy this damn ticket for what was supposed to be the best semi-private concert by one of my favorite rock bands. Vic honestly thought I was insane for doing this, but she didn't understand this was beyond being a crazy fan, beyond being a groupie … this was my last chance before I was up to my eyeballs with medical texts. Victoria and I were twins and we both fast-tracked our college studies. We managed to graduate in three years and while Victoria decided to not go on for her masters, I was going on to med school. This vacation had been a graduation gift from our parents. We actually pushed off one semester so we were able to come, since we both worked our asses off during the summer in order to save money for this trip, not to mention we had classes to attend. So, instead of starting in September, we were starting in January, but it was worth it. I had always been a bit of a free spirit, a wanderer. I'd dreamed of travelling Europe with only a backpack and the sense of adventure as my guide ever since I was fourteen. So, when our parents came to us with the idea of a trip across Europe, both Victoria and I accepted before they even finished telling us about it. We started our trip in Greece, chasing the last bit of summer at the end of August and then travelled east. We had stayed at more pricey hotels rather than the sleazy ones we'd have probably stayed at had we taken this trip after high school, but the feeling was the same. It was fantastic not having an agenda; we went wherever the fates took us and loved every single minute of it. That was how I found myself on a cobblestone sidewalk in downtown Rome in the middle of October. My favorite band of all time, Breaking Midnight, was playing tomorrow in a special show for only five hundred lucky fans. I had learned about the event through the band's official twitter and immediately grabbed Victoria and came to Rome all the way from Sorrento where we had been staying for the last five days. I was antsy and constantly counting how many people were in front of me. I was sure I was number twenty-three in line, but wasn't sure how many tickets those twenty-three people were going to purchase. For all I knew, they would probably buy all five hundred tickets before I could even get the chance to walk through the store's doors, but I didn't care. I had to wait and see. I glanced around to savor the white scenery. It was freezing cold, and I wrapped my arms tightly around myself, shivering. "I still can't believe you convinced me to do this. I'm gonna effing kick your ass once I can feel my legs again!" I rolled my eyes at my sister's dramatics and turned to the whiny voice behind me. "Oh shut up, Vicky! You know you wanna go to this show to drool over James Hunter." "Whatever, little bother," Victoria huffed with a roll of her eyes. "I'm gonna go to the coffee shop around the corner, I think they might be open now and we could both use something hot to drink." "Get me the biggest and hottest mocha you can get your little hands on," I whined a little with a pleading look and innocent smile. "Please?" I added last minute, handing her a couple of bills. Her answering smile was smarmy and her eyes were shooting daggers at me. "Sure, little brother, a plain black coffee coming right up!" I opened my mouth to protest, but shut it quickly. I had learned a long time ago that, with Victoria, it was better to lose some battles than to provoke her wrath. I watched in amusement as she stomped away from me. It was no secret my twin had a huge crush on Breaking Midnight's bass player, just like there was no secret I had a huge, epic and unrealistic love for the lead singer, Edward Masen, along with millions of other women and men. Edward Masen was the kind of celebrity that loved the attention. Many times during a concert he would just take off his shirt and toss it to the crowd. Whoever got it would get a backstage pass and some one-on-one time with him. He had earned a bit of a reputation because of that; several magazines had printed photos of him with women and men, so it was no shocker when a journalist finally asked him if he was gay, to which he flat out said he was bi-sexual and proud of it. My goal for this concert was to get that damn shirt, and not because I wanted to seduce him. I actually wanted to talk to him, get to know the man behind the music that had pretty much become the soundtrack of my life. I wanted to thank him for it and maybe even get a hug. What? He's still hot; you would want a hug, too. Trust me. I had known I liked men and women ever since I was fifteen years old. When my then girlfriend Bree introduced me to her older brother Diego, I knew I was in deep trouble. I developed a huge crush on him and when things ended with Bree, he had approached me and became my rebound guy, not to mention he was the one who taught me how to give good head. Though Diego and I didn't last long, the experience opened my eyes. I knew from then on that I liked men just as much as I liked women. When I left the dreary city of Seattle for New York to go to college, I suddenly felt like I had discovered a free all-you-can-eat buffet. I had to admit, I was a big of a manwhore back then, which resulted in a small pregnancy scare with my then girlfriend Kate. Luckily it was a false alarm, but still the scare was a big fucking sign for me to slow down. Kate and I dated for a couple more years, but broke up before the end of last semester. Last time I heard, she was dating a pilot named Garrett, which surprised me since she was terrified of flying. The girl couldn't even ride an elevator without getting nauseous, but according to the grapevine, she was serious about the guy and I was really happy for her. I, on the other hand, didn't date after the break up. Instead I focused on my studies and managed to get on the Dean's list for the second year in the row, but when the summer started, all bets were off. I'd had a few one night stands with men and women back home and while in our trip across Europe, but I was always careful and never went without a rubber. I knew I was clean, I had been tested just a few months ago, but I was still careful. Better safe than sorry. My dear sister Victoria on the other hand was a serious monogamist. Everywhere we went she found a boyfriend, and she would stay with him for as long as we remained in the city. It was actually because one of her boyfriends had developed a certain attachment that we had to skip Budapest in the middle of the night and take the first train out of the city, which brought us straight to Italy. Luckily, the guy seemed to have gotten the idea my sister wasn't really serious about their "relationship" and didn't follow us all the way here. We had explored the country starting from the north and moving south. We had been in Sorrento when we found out about the concert. Even though we had already being in the capital, we didn't think twice and took the first bus to Rome and came straight to the store. We hadn't even checked in to a hotel yet. It didn't matter, I knew of a couple of nice bed and breakfasts we could go to once we had our tickets. Half an hour later, I nursed a scalding beverage between my hands. Victoria had bought two of the biggest hot chocolates I had ever seen in my life, and I was very thankful for it. "How much longer until the store opens?" I checked my watch and noticed it was almost eight in the morning. "The store opens at eight o'clock, so I say about ten minutes." The level of excitement and anticipation rose with each passing minute. Two store employees and two security guards walked out of the store five minutes later. They started taking count of the tickets each person wanted to purchase. I heard a guy that wanted to buy fifteen tickets and I gnawed my lip nervously, doing a mental count in my head. When the employees reached me and asked me how many tickets I wanted, I simply said one and Victoria repeated the order. The employee taking notes nodded and the other one gave me a ticket number. I let out a whoosh once they passed us, knowing we were going to be able to buy the tickets. "This is so exciting!" Victoria squealed once the line started moving. I smiled widely, raising an eyebrow at her sudden exuberance. "Now you're excited? Five minutes ago you wanted to kick my ass." She rolled her eyes at me and pushed me forward. "Brat." I snorted. "Nice comeback, Vic." She pushed me forward again and I laughed at her. Two hours later, we were checking in at Rome Armony Suites. We lucked out, it was a bit upscale for my taste, but I knew Victoria would like it. The B&B was situated a few steps from the Vatican City with Saint Peter's Basilica and from Castel Sant'Angelo. It was also only ten minutes way from where the concert would take place, which meant we were going to be able to take a nap before heading over there later tonight. They only had a suite with a big bed available, but neither of us minded. It wouldn't be the first time Vic and I had to share a bed. The room was comfortable, warm, cozy and reasonably priced, not