A/N: A few people will have read this first chapter already (as a flash — I've extended and rewritten it a little bit now, as well as getting it betaed). Apologies for that, and thank you if you read it again. :) Thank you to the lovely team who supported me in this: my pre-readers Claire H and NinaQ (who was especially helpful, I feel lucky to have her) and my betas, TDS88 and Bigblueboat. Any mistakes are mine: I fiddled with things afterwards, and I'm probably a little stubborn over others. Out of the window, there was only endless blue in every direction. Where the paler colour of the cloudless sky ended, the dark grey-blue of the North Sea began. The water was deceptively calm, with only occasional traces of white spray indicating what power lay dormant there. My own calm exterior masked a mess of barely-tamed emotions. Excitement swirled inside me, mingling with a touch of first-day nerves. I knew the nerves were normal; I'd learned to harness them in this sort of situation, use them to motivate myself and be ready for anything. I wanted to seize this opportunity, and I was eager for whatever new experiences the day would hold. The helicopter ride, combined with my incredulity at finally taking this journey, made for a powerful adrenaline rush — one I could only equate to the first time I'd skied down a blue-level slope; I could see why people did other extreme sports. This was going to be my commute to and from work, but I couldn't imagine the thrill ever wearing off. I hoped the rest of the day could live up to it. Jake, another newbie engineer, nudged my arm from the seat beside me. I took my eyes away from the window and turned towards him, taking in his wide grin. I couldn't help smiling in response. I could easily imagine him as the male model in a toothpaste ad — though in the puffy yellow survival suit and headset he was wearing, perhaps he was more suited to a career guidance video. I was sure my own kit looked just as ridiculous. "This is amazing, right? What a way to get to work!" he said over his mic. Someone in front of us turned round and put both thumbs up. All of us — except the pilot — could hear each other over this channel of the intercom system. I glanced out of the window again, before looking back to him. "Yeah, the view is stunning." "It makes a change from the traffic jams of my old commute! One thing though … I'm not really sure yellow's my colour," he said, pinching the fire-retardant, waterproof material of his sleeve and crinkling his nose in mock distaste. I laughed. "Maybe you can request a red one next time." "Good thinking." I was glad Jake was joking about the suits instead of reminding me of why we were wearing them. The helicopter crash simulator from our safety training course — a contraption we had to practise escaping from once it had plunged into a cold swimming pool — was still fresh in my mind. It was enough to scare less determined applicants out of proceeding any further. I was sure that part of the training must have crossed Jake's mind today too; the chance of an emergency happening was slim but very real. I was under no illusions; there would always be danger involved in this job. I had to stay aware of it, but not let it stop me from enjoying the adventure ahead. I pushed thoughts of risk to the back of my mind and looked over to my colleague. He was looking out of the window, a look of wonder coming over his face. "Wow!" I didn't need another word to know what he'd seen, and I followed his gaze eagerly. The oil rig rose up out of the expanse of empty sea like a mirage on the horizon. To anyone not in our field, the huge, multi-level metal structure probably would have looked ugly, but to me it was something beautiful; a complex feat of engineering allowing us to harness nature's fuel, black gold. The oil platform itself looked impressive, but it was what went hundreds of feet down that really mattered. I couldn't take my eyes off the rig as we approached it. This was the place I'd finally get to put into practice everything I'd studied for. My friends and family had been warning me what a tough life it was going to be, but those who knew me best were well aware that once I'd decided to do something, there wasn't much they could do to stop me. The year I'd spent in an oil company's office to gain experience had only strengthened my desire to get my hands dirty. Offshore life wasn't for everyone, but it might be exactly what I was looking for. I understood what I was getting myself into, and I'd regret it forever if I didn't give this a try. The helipad was coming into view. A sign to one side spelled out the name of my home for the next two weeks: the Caius oil rig. "Prepare for landing," the pilot said into the intercom as he guided the helicopter down. We landed smoothly, and relieved applause broke out onboard; clearly even some of the regular travellers still felt nervous flying. Ten or so men, dressed in bright red coveralls and yellow helmets, were standing at a safe distance down on the platform. The pilot opened the door and put down the steps. The engine had quietened down to a low whirr, but the rotor-blades continued to spin, so we had to keep our headsets on. "OK, guys. You're safe to disembark," the pilot said over the intercom. Jake and I were near the back, so most of the others had already got out before we got to the exit. He took the steps down first, and then put out his hand for me. He probably meant well, but I was perfectly capable of taking the steps alone. I needed to start as I meant to go on — on my own two feet. I smiled but shook my head, and Jake withdrew his hand, looking slightly disappointed. I stepped down carefully, feeling that all eyes were on me. I made it without any mishaps. "This way, everyone!" a tall man shouted over the noise of the helicopter, beckoning for us to come towards him. We followed him in single file down the metal steps, away from the helipad and onto a lower level. "Everyone but the new recruits can go and get signed in." The man held a clip-board and spoke confidently, in a slightly Scottish accent. Like Jake, he was dark-haired, tanned and muscular, although this man looked older. The other rig workers from our flight headed off towards a door, leaving only Jake and me. The man looked down at his clip-board. "Jake and Bella, correct?" "Yes," we said simultaneously. "Welcome tothe Caius , both of you. I trust you had a pleasant journey over?" "Yes, thanks, it was smoother than I'd expected," Jake answered. "Glad to hear it. I'm Paul." He extended his hand to me. I shook his hand, saying, "Good to meet you, Paul." "Jake," Paul said, shaking the younger man's hand. "Good to have you both onboard. I believe neither of you have worked offshore before, right? I'll give you a tour right after we've met the guys." Guys. Am I the only woman, then? I'd known this would be part of the deal — even on my degree course, we women were significantly outnumbered. In fact, I generally enjoyed male company better than female. This had been true since I'd been a teenager; I'd found them easier to get on with — less bitchy than girls my age. Maybe it had been something to do with living with only my father. At least so far, Paul hadn't mentioned my gender outright. I didn't want any special treatment. "First, I'll take you to the locker rooms where you can get out of those suits." I was pleasantly surprised to find that there was a female locker-room. Maybe I wasn't the only one, after all. I took off the suit and changed into some semi-smart black trousers and a blouse out of my backpack. Once I met the others again, Paul showed Jake and me to a canteen area. Forty or so men were eating at three long tables. They were dressed casually, mostly in blue jeans and shirts or T-shirts. There was a scraping of chairs as nearly all of them stood up and looked in our direction. I wasn't sure if they were standing up because of me or if that was just how they greeted a senior officer. "Sit down!" Paul shouted, and they did. One guy doffed an imaginary cap as he took his chair again. That gesture was definitely meant for me, and I couldn't help noticing him. The brief smile on his handsome face faded as he turned to talk to the man next to him, and I gave into my curiosity by studying him more closely. He was amongst the youngest in the room, though probably still older than I was — perhaps in his early thirties. His chaotic, light brown hair wasn't excessively long, but still more so than most of the other rig workers, the majority of whom had short, army-style crops. He was slim but muscular. I could see his well-defined arms clearly in his short-sleeved shirt, but there was the promise of more underneath. Moving my eyes back to his face, I took in his defined cheekbones, dark pink lips and that masculine jaw-line, emphasised by a dusting of stubble. I wasn't here to appraise the looks of the male crew, and it bugged me that he'd got me doing so, but I had to concede that he was easily the best looking man here. Even Jake paled in comparison. He turned towards me again, meeting my eyes, and winked. I was irritated to feel my cheeks heating up in response, and I looked away quickly. I'd learned to control my blushing on most occasions, and I wasn't sure why I hadn't managed on this occasion. Paul was talking, and when I realised he was addressing me, I regained my composure and gave him my full attention. "… I'm sorry, Bella, I told them not to act any different for you, but we don't get many ladies here … so I'm afraid you'll have to put up with a bit of this." He waved his hands around, indicating the men. He wasn't singling out the guy I'd been staring at, so maybe he thought they'd all made me feel uncomfortable by standing up. "That's OK. I understand," I said, smiling and keeping my voice level. "Not everyone's here. They can't all leave their posts. But these are some of the guys that will share your two weeks on the rig. The last remaining workers from the old shift leave for shore tomorrow, after handing over to us." Two weeks on, two weeks off — that was the normal shift pattern. It was another aspect of the job that I was going to have to adjust to. Twelve-hour shifts, seven days a week sounded pretty intense, but on the other hand, the long breaks should make up for it. It was hard to know until I'd tried it. Paul went on to introduce us properly to everyone. I knew I wouldn't remember many of the names, but I noted the one who'd winked at me was Edward Cullen, and he was one of the roughnecks. "So meals are served here, and the menu changes daily," Paul was saying. "The food's pretty good. Now I'll show you to your living quarters." There was energetic chatter from