Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter Warnings : The story... ...might include violence. ...might include (minor/major) character death. Keep in mind that the rating for this story is T . There won't be any mature content, however, it may be inappropriate for children. Harmonian Stars A friend for a neglected soul ' Just leave already. I don't want to see your pathetic face anymore.' Those harsh words still echoed in Harry's mind as he hurried through the station. Don't worry, uncle, I don't want to see your face either. He was passing the sixth platform, pushing his way through the crowd that was waiting for the train. The large trolley he pushed made it all a bit easier. Sure, it was heavy with all his stuff – literally everything he owned – stacked on the waggon, but the people instinctively jumped out of his way before he even needed to ask them. And no one was concerned by this eleven-year-old wandering alone over the platform. Behind his bags, he was almost invisible and most people didn't look at him again, once he had passed them. Of course, the visual shield worked both ways and cut down his vision to only a few metres left and right, but this was only a minor setback compared to the advantage of not been seen. Only the white owl in its cage drew the attention of some, but even those who noticed didn't speak up. And don't you dare to get expelled or something. If you return even a day too early, I promise you, you'll spend the night in the park. It was the last thing Uncle Vernon had shouted before dropping him off at King's Cross Train Station, together with all his bags and the cage for his owl. I'm not an idiot, why would I voluntarily return to the Dursleys if there was the chance of being away a bit longer. Hell, sometimes I would even prefer the park. His aunt hadn't said a single word at his departure. She had sat in the car and stared at him. There was the usual distasteful gaze, but Harry could have sworn there was something else, something he couldn't quite place. Was it just relieve to finally be rid of him or was there genuine concern for him? They had, after all, abandoned a kid at one of the largest stations in the city looking for a platform that shouldn't even exist. Whether it was concern or not, Harry couldn't quite bring himself to care. His entire life he had suffered under the hatred of his relatives. No more, I'm done with them. I won't return until next summer, maybe I can even convince someone to let me stay at the school. Anything would be better than returning to the Dursleys. He was still pushing his trolley forwards, having just passed platform eight. Only a bit longer and platform 9 ¾ should be visible… He reached the ninth platform without much trouble. It was crowded like most of the others, but not overly so, Harry had enough space to navigate his trolley safely through the hall. For once he cursed his large trolley, though. Behind his boxes and trunks, he couldn't look out for the mysterious platform. He couldn't even where he was going, so how was he supposed to find the hidden platform? Hagrid said the platform was safe from …muggles. It must be somehow locked away from the crowd or else everyone would enter. I guess the morning will turn into an extensive searching session. At least time is not much of a problem, I'm awfully early anyways. Indeed he was. The Dursleys couldn't wait to get rid of him and drove off as soon as they woke up. Vernon even set the alarm on 5 o'clock in the morning, a time he would usually consider as inhuman. To get his hated nephew out of the house, though, nothing was too early. Not that I'd complain, I couldn't wait to get away either so he actually did me a favour. Still, it's sad to know that he wouldn't rise that early to prepare his own son's birthday, yet force himself out of his precious sleep to get me away. And I don't think I've ever seen him as happy as today. The wave of sadness was soon forgotten, though, as Harry turned his attention back to the task at hand: finding the platform. Obviously, it had to be somewhere between the ninth and the tenth platform, probably closer at the tenth. There weren't too many options, between the rails were only two rows of brick pillars. Those massive columns were wide enough to easily include a door or even a small portal. The only problem was, that there were at least a dozen pillars in each line. I don't even know how to open the door when I find it. If I find it. Harry knew nothing about the hidden entrance, only that it existed and opened to Platform 9 ¾. Maybe it's some kind of test, only those who find the door can go to Hogwarts. Despite all, Harry was still cheerful. Not only was he away from his relatives – a rare occurrence as he had never been allowed to leave the house safe for going to school as they feared, the neighbours would be offended by his freakishness. He was also going to visit a magical school since he, Harry Potter, was a wizard. If that was no cause for celebration, then none was. Still, I should wait to rejoice until I sit in the train all safe and sound. Walking through the lines of pillars he eyed them carefully. He brushed his hand against each, sometimes tapping the stone in hopes of finding a hollow spot, but nothing suspicious caught his eye. There were only the massive brick walls without any indication of a hidden door. Not even a single stone was out of place. Whoever hid the entrance did an amazing job. Or the entrance is somewhere else. Or it doesn't even exist. He shook his head, ridding his mind of this unwelcome thought. No, this is the correct place. It's between platform nine and ten and much closer to the latter. Another place wouldn't make sense. It must be hidden with magic. It was the only solution Harry could come up with. Granted, he wasn't too experienced with hidden doors and the like, he hadn't even read an adventure book or had watched a film about some hidden treasure. His uncle never allowed him to visit the local library so the only way to get his hand on a few books was through the pitifully small 'library' at his school. The library – it wasn't really a library, only two dozens of books and some journals in a cabinet near the secretary's office – only included textbooks and no novels, but even those were better than the monotony at home. And while he doubted he would have been allowed to watch TV if he had asked, there was absolutely no desire to even try. Watching TV always included the living room and that would mean that either Dudley, Petunia or Vernon was present, possibly all of them. No film could compensate the discomfort of sitting next to one of them, so Harry happily avoided the living room. Sadly his only alternative had been his cupboard. After 11 years of getting locked inside the tiny space under the stair, he had grown at least a bit fond of the place. He still hated it, of course. It was the symbol of how his relatives treated him. Still, it had also been the only place except for school where the Dursleys wouldn't bother him. Maybe it was only because both Dudley and Vernon were too fat to stick more than their head through the door and Petunia just didn't care, but to Harry, it didn't really matter as long as they stayed outside and left him alone. And that they did. Unless they found some chores to do no one would care what he did inside. As long as he was silent he was fine. Fine, however, was probably not the best description for his current situation. He was still as clueless as half an hour ago. True, it was only six o'clock in the morning and he still had about two hours to find the entrance but anxiety still found its way in his heart. What if I don't find the door? Will someone come to pick me up or are they going to just leave without me? He wasn't sure what to expect from this still unknown society of wizards. Would they care about a lost student? He couldn't return to the Dursley's. They implied earlier that they wouldn't accept him back and Harry knew that his uncle would not hesitate to leave his eleven years old nephew on his doorstep. No, he'd probably drag me in his car, drive off to someplace far away and drop me out there. They couldn't let the neighbours think badly of them. He couldn't let it come that far, so much he knew. Whatever they did when he returned, Harry wouldn't look forward to either option. More determined than ever he returned to his throughout examination of the next pillar. He was just about to finish the last of the four sides as someone lightly tapped him on the shoulder. He flinched back, startled by the unexpected touch and crashed right into the person standing behind him. While Harry wasn't heavy – more like thin as a rake – it was enough to send both him and the stranger behind him tumbling over. Surprisingly, Harry didn't meet the hard floor, something had cushioned his fall. For a moment he spaced out, wondering why there was no pain, but the groan from the person below him quickly brought him back to reality. Wait, a person below him could only mean… … Ah, crap. ••• Stupid, stupid, stupid. He berated himself as Harry quickly scrambled to his feet, careful not to step on the stranger lying underneath him. He nearly fell again in his hurry, but fortunately for him – and the stranger – he could keep his balance this time. For a split second, he considered to just run as fast as he could, hoping to avoid the trouble that was undoubtedly approaching. But he still had his morals and they were telling him to at least help the man up. Or the girl. Harry thought as he finally got a look on who he had flattened. She was indeed young, not older than himself, but a bit shorter. Or maybe it was just for the fact that she was still on the floor while Harry was standing. He immediately crouched down to help her up, but instead of reaching out, he caught himself staring at the girl in front of him. She was… cute, Harry decided for himself. Her hair had fallen in a messy pool around her head like a brown, curly cushion. A small, mousy nose adorned her face and her large brown eyes stared intently at him. No, it was more like glaring… He snapped out of his trance and refocused on the situation at hand. There was a young girl on the ground, probably hurt and he was the reason for all this. I just can't stay out of trouble, can I? Maybe I should have gone to 'Brutus School for Difficult Kids' instead of Hogwarts... But all of this didn't matter. Here was a child that needed his help and he wouldn't just stand around, staring stupidly while the girl was in pain. By now, the girl had moved a bit, carefully testing her limbs and attempted to sit up. Halfway done, another groan escaped her lips and her right hand instinctively shot upwards, holding the back of her head. The unexpected