First Contacts By Grey-Orc and Sevilodorf With beta assistance from Debi 2016 A Note about Burping Troll Adventures Like many Tolkien fans, we wanted to move to Middle-Earth. And like many others we created a Role-Playing Group to do so. The Inn of the Burping Troll opened February of 2002 on the Netscape LOTR Message Board and was soon populated by an exotic assortment of elves, men, hobbits and orcs, along with a bartending balrog and a lyrical warg. As the months passed, the personae we adopted took on their own lives. The characters brought in friends and relatives, and a mysterious stranger arrived to turn the place on its ear. The second phase of The Burping Troll began with the creation of to archive the adventures the characters insisted we tell. New, more canonical, guidelines were established concerning our use of Tolkien's landscapes; however, the warg, the balrog and the rehabilitated orcs refused to leave. Thus, our stories are set in the Fourth Age of a Middle-Earth where orcs play cribbage with elves, a balrog serves Rangers steaming cups of mulled wine and hobbit lasses scold the warg for tracking mud on the common room floor. This story follows directly from "Strange Luminescence", so if you haven't read that you might want to. It also makes references to people, events and/or things from the Burping Troll universe. The tale takes place concurrently with the off-camera beginnings of Southern Exposure , and also skirts the edges of What Hope Remains, though you won't need to have read those specifically to understand this tale. Chapter 1 Of Wargs and Orcs November 1423 S.R. Wetwang Marsh The last rays of the sun vanished as Warg lifted her nose to savor the faint smell of snow on the air. So faint she dismissed the possibility of the icy white stuff doing more than drifting about in the air for a moment or two. It certainly wasn't anything to delay the plans she and Nik had made. Now, if the little orc would just hurry himself up, they could be off. Warg gave a quick look over her shoulder. No sign of Nik. He was still in the barn attached to the sturdy house belonging to Russbeorn. Nik's pack master, or "Teach" as he called him since Russ refused to accept being called anyone's master, would no doubt be curled up in his enormous bed sound asleep. Russ slept more and more as the days grew colder, leaving Nik to deal with the animals and other necessary chores. This expedition would be their last chance to explore until warm weather returned. They would have a week - If, that is, they ever left. Warg gave her left ear an irritated scratch, then considered how times had changed. Five years ago, Nik was one of Saruman the Deceiver's Uruk-hai. Not that Saruman even knew who the orc was. Less than half size, Nik was the runt of his litter and had spent as much of his time as possible staying clear of the other orcs. Warg had been in a pack that roamed the eastern slopes of the Misty Mountains between the Old Forest Road and the River Gladden. Not that she'd called them that then. Never had either of them thought that they would one day be packmates with elves, men, hobbits and a skinchanging Beorning, but here they were. Warg chuffed a laugh. Imagine, putting an orc and a warg in charge of tending chickens. Times had certainly changed. "I'm ready." "About time! We've ..." the scolding tone vanished as Warg picked up the scent of the honey cakes Nik was stashing in the leather pack he would sling across his back. "Now, that's a good idea. Sweets are hard to come by in the Wild. How about we eat some right now?" "I thought you said you ate an entire haggis just this afternoon?" Nik frowned at the bag. "Maybe I should get some more." "No, no. Let's go." Nik gave a crooked-toothed grin at Warg's enthusiasm and nodded eagerly. He pulled at the barn door's latch once more, and then satisfied it was secure, jumped onto Warg's back. He settled into the low crouch that allowed for the greatest speed and said, "Let's ride." West toward the Anduin was their direction. Nik had heard stories of Rauros Falls and wanted to see it. Maybe, if things went well, they would even go north along the river and see the Argonath. Warg didn't care about the stories, though she liked to settle by the hearth while they were told as there were always lots of interesting snacks to accompany the storytelling. But she did care about Nik, and if staring at a waterfall and a statue were what he wanted to do, that's what they would do. A week later, Warg's willingness to follow Nik's lead was being sorely tested. Rather than take the same route back that they had used on their way to the river, Nik picked a path through the Dead Marshes. Why, Warg could not imagine. And though they had finally abandoned that dreary place, both warg and orc were covered in foul smelling mud, and now trapped in the outer edges of the Wetwang where momentum was no more than a plod. Warg resisted a sigh. It would take days for her to get this mud out of her fur, and the taste would linger in the back of her throat for a week or more. Warg sniffed the air delicately. Expecting only the overpowering scents of the wetlands, she was surprised to catch a new scent. She stopped and lifted her nose to follow the gusting wind. Nik slipped off her back with a soft splash, moving to stand sniffing as well. "Too much swamp for me to make anything out," Nik said, after a few minutes. "It's strange. Fire and metal, with leather and wax. But it's definitely an orc." Having made The Burping Troll her home for several years, fire and metal, separately and in combination, were familiar enough. As were wax and leather. The faint bitter musk of orc had been known since her earliest memories. What was strange was that this was not an orc Warg knew. Humans, hobbits and elves, along with the occasional dwarf, might cover their scent with fruity or flowery soap, but she could detect none of that. Inhaling deeply, she focused on ignoring the ever-present smells of rot and stagnant water. "An orc?" Nik looked confused. "One of Gubbitch's lads?" "No. Not anyone I know. It's faint, but the scent's there. Not too far away. It's alone, and not of the pack." "Should we go around?" There are all too many reasons to be wary of unknown orcs. It would be the wise thing to do, but this one was a puzzle Warg suddenly wanted to understand. "We could, but this one has an odd scent. I want to see it." "Which way?" The wind was becoming increasingly shifty and gusty, which made the scent hard to catch and hold, but Warg indicated the direction with a flick of her ear. Whatever had gone wrong with the Isengarder's breeding to leave him barely half-sized had done no harm to his eyes. Nik leaned far forward, shifting his weight slightly as his eyes scanned the ground, and he soon picked out a path. Warg resist another sigh as he guided her deeper into the swamp. About an hour later, they spotted it. Completely alone, cloaked and hooded in a big fur. There was no way to tell whether it was male or female, but it was certainly an orc. It was too short to be a man, and no dwarf would come out here. It wandered among the pools of swamp muck, peering intently into each, a knife tapping lightly against its thigh. Soon it became plain that while focused on its task, it was not unwary and scanned its surroundings for any threat. Nik and Warg stayed well back and weren't spotted. Suddenly it made a move to stoop. Warg could see no difference in the piece of muck it lifted up, but the stranger cut into it several times, removing chunks and putting them in a big bag. Very odd. Whatever was going into that bag didn't smell like food. "What's it looking for?" Nik asked, and received a wargish shrug in reply. The two friends continued to watch the strange orc cut out bits of whatever it wanted badly enough to scrounge around a dank, cold swamp. Finally the bag was full, and the orc turned to leave. Wordlessly, Nik pointed out a path that would keep them on the stranger's trail. It could not be allowed to threaten the pack. Through the swamp, they followed with no sign their quarry was aware of their presence. Tracking prey was prime sport and Warg and Nik exchanged more than one sharp toothed grin as the hours passed. As the stars faded and black sky brightened to gray dawn, the stranger crossed the road and headed into the foothills south of the ruins of the Black Gate. As the trail shifted north, Warg threw herself under a prickly bush with a grunt. "Not sure I want to follow it in there." Nik pulled the stopper from his water bag and squeezed some liquid into Warg's mouth then his own. "Agreed. That's no where we want to go. But..." Warg gave a grumbling growl. "I know, I know. We have to tell the Rangers. That is not one of Gubbitch's orcs, and if it's roaming around the ruins of ..." "Don't say it," Nik interrupted. "It's bad luck to even say the name." Warg rolled her eyes. She didn't know where Nik got his ideas, but the Black Tower was not a place she'd ever been and not one she ever had any intention of visiting. Elves had some crazy idea of restoring the slopes of Mount Doom, but in her opinion planting trees would not clear that place of evil. It was best to simply stay away. "Got any honey cakes left?" Nik pulled two from his bag. Chewing slowly, they watched the hillside for any sign of their quarry; nothing appeared to be moving, neither up the hill nor back down to the road. "So who do we tell first? Gubbitch or the Ranger boys?" Warg asked. Scratching his ear, Nik shrugged. "Maybe it's just passing through." "And maybe it's a scout for a group coming in from the East." With a sigh, Nik stood. "There's no way of knowing, is there?" "Not without tracking it down and making it tell us. And we're not going in there alone, so … Gubbitch or the Rangers?" "The Rangers," Nik responded after a long moment. "It's their job to know about the roamer. And it's ours to tell them." "All right then." Warg stood and shook herself, then her eyes brightened. "As it's 'official business', we can use the road." Nik opened his mouth to protest, then snapped it shut. "It would be faster." Warg crouched, and Nik mounted. Down the hill they raced, avoiding stunted trees and tumbled boulders by a hair until they reached the King's Highway. Broad and level, the product of years of toil by crews led by dwarvish engineers and surveyors appointed by the King's Council, the road ran from Minas Tirith past the ruins of the Black Gate and north across the Wilderland to the banks of the River Running. Today, their route led south. With the Ephel Dúath towering on their left and the marshes of the Wetwang on their right, Warg and her rider thundered down the middle of the road. No obstacles slowed them and there were no travelers to scatter, though in their hearts they almost wish to come across a few. Mile after mile they ran. The road curved west and the heights of the Ephel Dúath