I do not own the Lord of the Rings of course, and none of those characters are my creation - except perhaps the messenger from Rohan and the occasional soldier, but that is beside the point. I am pretty sure that this is not the way Tolkien would have intended Eomer and Lothiriel to meet, but then you can never know, and I did try to remain true to what I love in his storytelling. Wishing you a good reading! And please forgive the possible mistakes, or even point them out to me if you have time to spare: English is not my mother tongue and this was originally written in French. Many a day had passed since the downfall of Sauron. Prince Imrahil, after coming back briefly at home, had once more left the reins of his princedom to his daughter Lothiriel, in order to attend King Elessar's coronation. But at last, when all was settled, when Elessar was crowned and King Theoden buried, he decided to come back home. Leaving his fiefdom had not been easy, and he wished more than anything to take back from his daughter the heavy responsibilities he had been forced to lay upon her. He had rather never have had to do so – she was hardly an adult, and the burden was heavy for such frail shoulders. But Lothiriel, like so many ladies of her line, was as brave as a warrior and knew where her duty lay; she had obeyed her father without hesitation. King Eomer of Rohan, who had come back from the burial of his uncle with Aragorn to further discuss treaties and agreements, took the prince up on his offer to visit his lands, curious as he was to have a glimpse of the sea, but also out of respect for Imrahil, who was a friend as much as an ally. They had planned on travelling by the river, as was the habit between Minas Tirith and Dol Amroth, but there were not enough ships left intact by the war to spare – especially as they were needed for trading and harvesting food for winter. It was then decided that the whole company would travel on horseback – for which Eomer was in fact quite thankful, for much as he was curious of the sea, he had still dreaded a journey on water. Yet, even though he had not uttered a word of his fears, by the second day of travel, Elphir – the one closest to Eomer out of the three sons of Imrahil – had guessed it, and did not cease teasing him. "I don't understand; aren't the meadows of Rohan likened to a green sea? You should be perfectly at ease in a blue meadow!" "Elphir, I'm afraid the relationship between Rohan and Dol Amroth will utterly collapse if you keep on with this kind of remarks..." Eomer would growl, fakingly threatening. "And why so?" Imrahil would cut in, his innocent, enquiring stance nearly credible. "Because your son might find himself terribly maimed by a regrettable incident!" "Lord Eomer, if horses are involved you will never be cleared of suspicion!" Amrothros would add very seriously. "That's exactly why I was talking about a deterioration in our relationhsips!" To which all would then laugh heartily, under the stunned eyes of some of the noblemen who had decided to accompany them and were not quite used to their banter yet. The whole journey was marked by such carefree, light atmosphere. The days were beautiful still, abundance and happiness were visible in all the villages they travelled through, as if the whole world was putting on colors that had been hidden during Sauron's reign. Everywhere, they only met with acclamations and rejoicing – the Rohirrim were particularly praised and thanked for their salutary intervention, but the princes of Dol Amroth were also honoured. Finally, prince Imrahil's lands came in sight. He sent a messenger ahead to warn his daughter of their coming, even though he was sure she knew already that they were approaching: news flew fast from village to village, and their company must be the main subject of all conversations far ahead already. Then he joined his sons and Eomer, interrupting quite a heated argument. "Father! Help me explain to Eomer that fair ladies are far more beautiful than dark ones!" "Son, I do believe it might be quite difficult to argue on this subject. Are you tired of the fair ladies of your country, Eomer?" "It might be! And queen Arwen – " "But that's unfair, the queen is no ordinary woman!" "Please, Amrothros. If Lothiriel could hear you, she would take offence." "Oh no she wouldn't. She would be delighted and would say that, at least, men with taste may find her attractive." "Amrothros, you're quite exaggerating. Anyway, you would have deserved it!" Eomer turned to Elphir enquiringly. "I take it your sister dark-haired then?" "She has the darkest hair possible, except perhaps for queen Arwen. But beware my lord, here are before your very eyes her three appointed protectors, not to mention father!" Eomer raised his hands in a gesture of innocence, laughing. "Fine, then I promise not to admire your sister!" "Oh well, she will want my head if she learns of that!" As for Imrahil, he was shaking his head, amused by the clownings of the youths – and pondering in the back of his mind the fact that, from what he knew of her character, his daughter might actually be attracted by Eomer – in which case her brothers would really have to face trouble. They travelled fast enough. Little attention was paid to their surroundings since their path was not to cross any village, in order to reach Dol Amroth faster. Nevertheless, a few people, among which the king of Rohan, were worried by several signs: too many fields were still waste land, or too few had been reaped, there was not enough traffic, a few clouds strangely ressembling smoke afar... But he decided not to worry Imrahil, so happy to be back in his lands, for so little. Anyway, there were only a few hours' travel left. Finally, the castle of Dol Amroth came into view. It stood facing the sea on a meadow sloping gently downwards to the beach, a huge ornate building with red tiles upon its roofs. The tall and slender towers soared upwards towards the sky in a skilfully orchestrated myriad that glinted under the sunlight. A paved road went up to the grand gate of the town that surrounded the castle, fortified on all sides. Amrothros turned to Eomer, smiling broadly when he saw the awe written on the new king's countenance. "You have to admit that our home has nothing to envy to Meduseld!" "I admit it willingly. I can understand now why my grandmother was said to be so wistful of her country! But Minas Tirith was hailed - let Dol Amroth be also!" So saying, he raised his horn and blew it clear and strong, followed by all his armed guard; it was as though hundreds of horses were galloping towards the walls of the town in a tremendous clamouring. "Sons, forward! Imrahil then said. And blow our horns, let all know that Rohan didn't come alone!" Then it was like the awe-inspiring song of the raging sea, which can utterly destroy a ship, but which may also spare those that were shipwrecked. Thus, the company entered the town, whose doors stood ajar. But they soon grew uneasy. The town, wich they had thought would be bustling with life and celebrating their return in rejoicing and feasting, was silent and empty. Prince Imrahil hastened his horse to the castle, his brow furrowed, his sons as worried as him, following close behind. Eomer, seeing that the town had not been looted but seemed to have been suddenly deserted, started to fear a misunderstanding. Had they been afraid of the horns of Rohan, never before heard in these lands? But surely, the horn of their prince should have reassured the inhabitants. And the messenger should have warned them – or had he gotten lost along the way? Anyway, the town was too large for all to have fled to the castle without the company noticing it. But what then? Suddenly, a bend of the road brought them in front of the castle gates, a few hundred yards away. They were closed, and the palace showed all signs of a heavy military activity. The prince broke into a galop, followed by his guards – among which were his sons –, all instinctively organized in a fighting unit. His guest and his own guards followed his lead, and finally the standard-holders, bearing high their ensigns. Then, great clamouring was heard and the colossal doors were opened slowly, making way for a dozen of horsed soldiers, led by a captain wearing the Dol Amroth colours. He was smaller and thinner than the others, undoubtedly younger, but he went straight to the prince and dismounted a few yards away from him, even before his horse had come to a full halt. "Father!" And, before everyone's stunned eyes, he took off his helmet, revealing not the face of a man, but that of princess Lothiriel. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO Finding lodgings for everyone was quite a business, but in the end a room or a suite was found for everyone, and all was prepared for dinner – announced to be fruga by a very sombre butler. Imrahil, his sons and king Eomer then joined Lothiriel in her father's study, where she had a light meal served. She had not had the time to change into a dress and stood by the window in an armor which seemed to have been made to measure. It had obviously been used more than once, as the scratches and dents not entirely smoothed over showed well. Her face, even though beautiful, was cold, concentrated and withdrawn; but behind this facade Eomer could see the fatigue and despair of a captain who had lost too many men – the same expression he had worn himself for so long. "King Eomer, I'm sorry for our poor welcoming. We had only heard a few rumours about the arrival of a large company, all seeming quite far-fetched, and we dared not trust the sound of a horn to open our doors." "My lady, no harm is taken. But what draws you to take up position behind these walls ?" She looked deeply into Eomer's eyes, seeming suddenly tired and frightened, as if she didn't know what to say. "Daughter", Imrahil asked with a voice which had lost its firmness, "what is going on?" She sighed, shut her eyes and turned back to the window, her arms crossed upon her breasts in a feminine stance which looked out of place on her armour. "They started arriving even before you left, but nobody paid them any mind at the time. Things got worse afterwards. At first it wasn't too serious: thieves, a few rapes, fires... But then they just seemed to multiply and organized into groups. Orcs and Easterlings, and some Southrons too. They loot and slaughter everywhere. I failed to organise the resistance soon enough to break them up, and the roads were soon cut off. These weeks, they have ventured closer and closer to the town. Yesterday we had to summon the inhabitants in the castle in emergency, all the castle is full to the brim. I don't even have news from the other strongholds any more." "Why not send word to us?" She whirled suddenly, her eyes glowering, her cheeks red with anger and frustration. "I sent word! But when I saw that no answer came, I stopped sacrificing my men for nothing!" A heavy silence fell at her words, only ended by Amrothros. "Our messenger must have met the same fate as yours. They didn't dare attack our company, but I guess it's lucky we didn't