Dear Readers, I blame this fanfiction on the fact that Godfather Part I, II, and III were on TV today and I got the sudden epiphany for a story such as this. Therefore, the plot is from me, but the amazing characters are from Ms. Meyers. I majored in History and Political Science, not English so there will be errors. Love the flawed is my only advice. Summary: An Irish crime family moves to Chicago where Bella's dad is a captain of a police unit. Will Bella be able to choose between her dad and the man she had grown to love? What will she do when she's stuck between a rock and a hard place? Canon Couples. Rose is the kickass best friend. Mobward and Mobfamily. This story is an offer you can't refuse. ;P "Dad?" I yelled from my bedroom upstairs, waiting for him to respond. After a few seconds I shouted again, but louder this time. "Dad? What do you want for dinner?" Still nothing. Irritation started to set in. "I see your car in the driveway. I know you're home." Crickets. I pushed myself off of my bed and walked to the top of the stairs. "If you don't tell me what you want for dinner, I'm gonna let you starve. I'll let you wither away from eating nothing but cold pizza and cereal." Absolutely quiet. "DAD!" I bellowed running down the stairs with some uneasy feeling in my gut. I flew down the steps and found Charlie in the corner of the living room whispering into his phone. "I have numerous sources that tell me they're moving their operations to Chicago. We need to be ready for them, all of them." He caught me eavesdropping into his conversation and quickly wrapped up with whoever he was talking to. "See you tomorrow." "Who was that?" I gestured towards his phone. "Oh. That was one of the guys from the station." Charlie said, attempting not to make a big deal out of what seemed to be a very serious conversation. I could tell because his shoulders were tense and he had giant bags under his eyes. Charlie always worried too much about work. My dad was a captain for a police unit here in Chicago, and he had the bad habit of trying to keep me out of his work life, but all too often he brought it home. Who was coming to Chicago? And why was Charlie so worried about it? Would he go back to working long hours again? He barely came home as it was. "Alright kid. What are you feeding me? Your old man is hungry." Charlie said, bring me out of my own personal musing. "Well, old man. You decide but pick something simple because I have a ton of homework to do, and college applications to turn in." "I can only hope that you get out of Chicago" He said jokingly with a smile. "And get out fast." He whispered the last part so low that I was positive I wasn't meant to hear it. I didn't know why Charlie was so worried. Or who was going to come to Chicago. But I had the feeling that my life would soon change. And this change was closer than I thought. (RAAHP) "Bella, sweetheart. Stay with me." There was a rust smell and warm liquid that covered my body as I gasped for air. "Don't worry, I'm going to take care of ya. Everything is going to be alright." Sobbed a male voice with an accent that I couldn't place. I had the strange urge to comfort him and tell him that I would survive, but I couldn't do that to him. I couldn't lie to him. "Bella, ya can't leave me. I can't live without ya. If ya die, I die, luv." Bronze hair and green eyes infiltrated my mind as I attempted to look at the angel holding me. "Bella.." He sobbed. "Bella.." I joined him in his cries. "BELLA." Rose yelled at me, waking me from my dream. I would normally consider it a nightmare, but even the worst dreams would be wonderful if they contained that angel. "You fell asleep again, bitch. I tried to cover for you, but Mr. Banner figured out that you were snoozing up a storm once you started crying." I had fallen asleep after doing the blood typing lab in our honors anatomy class, which explained the rust smell in my dream. "Sorry Rose" I moaned, scraping my hand against my face. "Charlie has been gone at night, and I have a hard time sleeping by myself in that house." I always ended up falling asleep at 3 am downstairs while watching Friends on Netflix's. "You know you can stay at my house whenever you want." Rose glanced at me sympathetically. "Has your dad given you an explanation for his crazy hours?" "Nope. He just says that there are more criminals on the streets, so that means more work for him. I know he's keeping something from me though. I have been thinking about holding my cooking hostage to get him to talk, but to be honest he's so stressed he probably wouldn't even notice." Once the bell rang, Rose and I headed to the cafeteria hoping to snag a table towards the window and away from the group of Barbies who followed Jessica Stanley around. Rose had been my best friends since the age of five. I mean we were always close, but when I was in Kindergarten, a blonde hair tomboy came up to me, declaring that we would be best friends for life. We have been inseparable ever since then. "Your puppy dog is on his way over." Rose laughed as she looked down at her salad. "I wish you would stop calling him that, Mike is just a friend. A harmless friend." I glared pointedly at her. "Yeah! A friends that wishes to warm your feet, or another part of your body." "Rose!" I slapped her arm as I gasped at her audacity. I could smell him from ten feet away. He smelled like he had been drenched in ten gallons of ax cologne, weed and gym socks. "Bella" Mike said as he wrapped his arm around my shoulder. "So I heard that your dad is going after the Cullens?" "What are you talking about, Mike?" I replied, suppressing the urge to tell him to fuck off. "The Cullens? The crime family from Ireland? The whole family moved here and rumor has it that they moved their entire operation to Chicago." Operation. When my dad was talking on the phone, he said something about operation, and that they were all coming. Was my dad going after the Cullen family? Was this why he had been so stressed? "Well, not that it's any of your business Mike, but I have no idea." "Calm down, Bella." He said trying to sneak a peek down my shirt. "Get the fuck off me Mike and go molest some bimbo girl that you actually stand a chance with." I shoved him hard, attempting to rid myself of the pest. "Fucking tease" Mike muttered. I jumped up from my seat and stalked towards him. "What was that, asshole? Just because I don't want to be look at like some fucking piece of meat while I'm eating my lunch, I'm the tease? Or is it because I actually have standards and self-respect and therefore won't even give you the time of day? Get out of my fucking sight before I kick the shit out of you." I pushed him into the table that Jessica and her Barbies sat at, which resulted in his groaning and their screaming. After he recovered from the fall, the puppy left the cafeteria with his tail between his legs. "Harmless friend, huh?" Rose said with her eyebrows raised. "Not one word." Was my only reply as I walked back to the table. "Wouldn't dream of it." She murmured. "So do you think that the Cullen family is why your dad has been so busy?" "Probably. I just hope that he's not getting in to deep." I didn't know what I would do if I lost my dad. He was all that I had since my mom left us when I was seven. It has always been just Charlie and Bells. "Well since he's gonna be gone tonight, lets hit the town." "And do what?" I really wanted to just stay home and transform into a couch potato, not Cinderella. "Maybe go to a club, or hit a bar or two." I rolled my eyes. "Come on Bella, its Friday night and we never go out. One club? We won't even stay that long." "Fine. One club." She squealed. "And once we are done, we are going back to my house and watching Friends all fucking night long." "How you doin?" Rose smiled and entwined our arms as we went to English. (RAAHP) "Is that what you're wearing?" Rose shrieked as she barged into my room. I huffed and crossed my arms, not fully prepared to have this particular conversation with Rose. There was nothing wrong with what I had on, a lot of girls went to clubs in jeans and a t-shirt that said "Hogwarts Express Bound". Well maybe not a lot, but the girls that didn't give a shit certainly did. "You told me I had to go to a club, you didn't tell me I had to dress up." I growled. Shoving me out of the way, Rose raided my closet for ten minutes until finally she came out with a pair of skinny black jeans and a dark blue crop top. "Perfect! Do you have those blue pumps still? If not, we could stop by my house and get the red ones." "Rose, I am not wearing that, the top looks like it was made for a ten year old." I sighed. "FOUND THE PUMPS! Put this on. Now. Then head to your bathroom, cause I have to do something with your hair." She dictated, attempting to suppress her looks of disgust. Two hours and three catfights later, Rose and I were heading out of the door with what seemed like a whole can of hairspray in my hair. She won the catfight that started when she attacked me with a curling iron, but I won the catfight with makeup, just mascara and lipstick. We jumped into Rose's 70's red mustang, and headed away from the suburbs of Chicago. "So are we going to The Mid again? Cause last time my dad almost caught us and I would rather not be spend the rest of my senior year in my room." I asked as we flew down the 94 Interstate. "Yeah that place was getting lame anyways. There is a new place called Ceilidh that just opened up. It's supposed to be the next big thing." "What the hell does Ceilidh mean? Good god, the names for clubs these days. They are getting more ridiculous every time we go out." Seriously, what will they come up with next? "One place is called stool, it's supposed to be the shit." She looked at me with a sly grin on her face. "You're fucking disgust, Rose." I couldn't stop my eyes from rolling. "But you still love me. What does that say about you?" "That I need fucking mental medication." (RAAHP) "ID miss?" The bouncer, with a familiar accent, asked at the door. "Yeah sorry." I pulled out my expertly made fake ID and showed it to the scary looking bouncer outside of the club. On the outside, Ceilidh looked like a small pub, but once you stepped inside, you were hit with excellent house music and flashing lights that flickered over hundreds of sweating bodies dancing together. "Holy shit, this place is awesome." Rose yelled into my ear. "Come on, let shake our asses." Her hand clasped onto my