This story started out here then when I hit a few problems with a different story (Whatever Happened To Old Fashioned Love), I took it down and put it elsewhere so it's back and if you want it to stay here, review but only if you LIKE it because life is too short to deal with haters. If you hate the story and move along and we will never know you were here. It's the mature thing to do. Cheers. It's Murder Chapter 1 BPOV I awoke from one of the best dreams I've had in ages, and instantly my mood switched to annoyance at being woken up before it got to the good part. Sex during slumber was useful and saved me having to sit through another boring date with my current sex provider, Mike. Great way to start the day. It's still dark, and it's far too cold to budge from under my continental quilt, and face the day. My eyes flick around the 'apartment' quickly, as they always do when I first wake up, and nothing is out of place. Front door closed, locked, alarm activated. It's tiny green light flashes comfortingly, letting me know it's keeping the rest of the world out, and keeping me safe within. The clock in the 'kitchen' area shows it's almost seven a.m. The kitchen benchtop is littered with wine glasses and empty bottles, which is par for the course when we finally solve a case. I do have a dishwasher but apparently it takes female genes to load it and I had been a little unsteady on my feet last night. That was down to Edward and the fact it had been his turn to buy the wine, and so, naturally, it had been expensive and an excellent vintage and he really had not had to encourage me to overindulge. I have much better control of my drinking when it's my turn. Supermarket wine really doesn't hold much appeal, so those nights it's more talking and congratulating one another, than actual drinking. So, my throbbing head today is down to Edward. DI Edward Cullen, my partner on the Murder Squad. I listen to his breathing, and know he is faking it. He's not asleep, just hoping I will be fooled that he is, and then I'll get up and make the coffee. My pull-out couch cannot be very comfortable to sleep on, I bought it originally just for that reason. I was thinking of cousins who turn up out of the blue and want a bed for the night, or old school chums you hardly knew back then and have even less interest in now, who always seem to be too cheap to pay for a motel room, and so it's "Hey, let's go sleep at Bella's". I figured if the only spare bed was uncomfortable, they'd wake up with kinked spines and happily move on the next day, and hopefully cross me off their list of free lodgings. What I didn't take into account was, my partner. At six foot three, sleeping on a pull out has to be extra torture, but what can I do? More often than not, he seems to prefer to curl up here than face the night and make the long drive to his fancy shmancy apartment that contains actual rooms, and not just the one open space that caters as my bedroom, kitchen, diner, and sitting room, all rolled into one. I do have a separate bathroom, thank the Gods. When I was house hunting, I actually almost went with the other studio apartment in this building, where even the bathroom was incorporated in the one stop room as well, and that would have been just embarrassing. Edward and I have worked together for three years now and we have discussed every facet of our lives with one another, but that does not mean I'd want to pee in front of him. I wrap my blanket tighter and wonder if Edward remembers it's my turn to make the early morning coffee. He was pretty out of it and I was the one doing him the favour, after all. I could have kicked him out the door and made him face up to the drive home, and possible encounter with his latest spurned bedmate, Jessica, who apparently just doesn't get Edward's one unbreakable rule. No do-overs. One night of Paradise is all he offers in his amazing antique brass bed that I'd give an arm to own myself. No, not an arm. Maybe a finger or two. I need all my limbs. I know you are probably thinking Edward is just another typical commitment phobe, like most of the male race in their thirties these days, but he actually has a valid argument. Murder squad is hardly the job for married men. Of course, girls are always impressed when they hear what he does for a living, when he's on the pull in bars and clubs, but as many of our fellow workers have proved time and again is, being married to someone who gets called out at any hour, day or night; who puts the job first and forgets birthdays and anniversaries; who works closely with a female partner for years and knows more about her than about his own wife; yeah, it does not make for Happy Families. Either the marriage hits the rocks, and she storms out and goes looking for a nine to five accountant type next time, and he never sees his kids again; or every time he goes home he's confronted with an angry wife with a list a mile long of things he has neglected to do while he's busy off playing superhero, catching the bad guys. We are simply not what anyone would consider 'a good catch'. Mind you, Edward is ridiculously gorgeous, so one night in his bed should be looked upon as an honour anyway. I'm sure he makes that night unforgettable, so in a way it's his own fault that sometimes a 'jessica' turns up and wants more. Silly girl. If she knew him better, she would know sometimes when he's stressed out and on the pull, he actually does allow some girl whose face he has long forgotten, a second night, but only because he hasn't recognised her. So far, this has only led to one single instance of actual bodily harm, when he failed to listen as the tall blonde from Jack's Bar was chattily reminding him of their other night together, months earlier, so when he started his usual seduction spiel, she immediately realized he had forgotten her and thought he was taking home a complete stranger. Bad luck for him that she was a black belt and not used to being forgotten. He'd crawled into work black and blue the next day, and of course the jokes had started. The most common theme being that I'd finally succumbed to his charms and given him such a workout he needed a few days off to recover from the injuries a night in my bed had inflicted on his pretty body. Yes, hilarious, I know. We actually drew the line in the sand soon after we were teamed up together, something I occasionally regret when he's all gussied up in his pretty clothes, and has actually run a comb through his bedhair, and of course, he has to have just scruff, not that hideous actual beard he grows when he wants a rest from the ladies. It works, too. Hiding his awesome jawline and half his face seems to tone down the pretty factor quite a lot, and when he pulls on a baseball cap to hide the hair every women wants to drag her fingers through, the beautiful Edward can look almost ordinary. On some cases, it's necessary that he doesn't stand out and become memorable; but on the other hand, nothing loosens a female witnesses tongue like a shiny, clean shaven Edward doing the questioning. Their brains seem to shut down and they tell him everything, even if their words put their nearest and dearest in the frame for whatever crime we are investigating. "Bella, have mercy." A voice from the mound of covers heaped over my couch. "It's your turn," I hiss hopefully. Alcohol consumption tends to mess with his brain cells the day after, and he gets confused until that first caffeine hit gets them working. "I got it last time. Remember? I even went out in the snow storm to get decent stuff from the shop." He did. I owe him, but he needn't think he is getting anything but instant. I should just buy a coffee machine but then, I'm not a coffee addict like some people. I can function just as well on a well brewed cup of tea. Anyway, I wrap my quilt around my body and head for the electric jug in the far corner, and fill it. "Remind me. Do we have to go in today?" he mutters, his pretty face half hidden against the cold. "Just briefly. Marcus wants the 'i's dotted and the 't's crossed as always but I can do that alone if you are not feeling up to it." The room is filled with the aroma of whatever expensive coffee beans Edward has bought and left in my coffee canister. Nothing but the best for this boy. It smells pretty amazing, so I leave my teapot unused and pour myself a cup of this ambrosia instead, then hobble to where he is half propped upon his pillows, (European, he bought them himself because my chain store pillows don't cut it) and hand him his wake up elixer. Edward's long fingers cradle the cup and he takes his first, tentative sip. I know he thinks I could even fuck up his best coffee beans, but he nods and gulps the scalding liquid down , like it is the difference between life and death. It may be. Edward is not pretty when deprived of his drug of choice. He reverts to a whining toddler. I sit on the edge of his makeshift bed and feel his feet with my spare hand. As always his toes have stuck out from the blankets and are white with cold. My hands are warm from the coffee cups so I massage his feet and he makes a noise much like I imagine he makes when entertaining his lady friends. His legs are too long for couch sleeping. You'd think that alone would send him home but he likes to stay here, for some reason. I guess he misses his family and isn't used to living by himself even after three years here in Boston. I have no such ties with my own parents. My Mom did a midnight flit with some sports player when I was an infant and Charlie, my Police Officer dad, did his best to raise me alone, but we don't have the type of close bonds the Cullen's have with their son. I've met them numerous times, when Edward has dragged me along to various family occasions back home, and I always get a pang for what I missed out on. I come back feeling cheated. His mother, Esme, treats me like a daughter, and his Dad is always happy to see me sitting in Edward's passenger seat. They know it's nothing more than a working partnership, but apparently, the few times he has taken 'girlfriends' home, they have not been quite the quality his parents hoped. Back in the days before he joined the Murder Squad, he still thought he could have it all; family as well as the job he wanted, but once he transferred in, all that went by the wayside, and he had to face the reality we saw every day in our other team members as marriage after marriage hit the rocks. Kids were moved far away, wives demanded divorces and went looking for