Witsec Chapter 1 BPOV "I'm what? A Junior in High School? A seventeen year old student? Again? "I said in surprise as Marcus, my Boss handed me a familiar prop; a Britney-esque schoolgirl uniform. This time in shades of burgundy and moss green. My closet was starting to look like a second hand shop for school uniforms. I had been there and done this role so many times already. I thought we had moved on. It was my job to become other people but how much longer could I pull off being seventeen now I was twenty five years old. During my last two assignments I'd gotten to be an adult, and I thought we were finally moving on. I could remember myself at seventeen but things had changed quite a bit in the last eight years. Girls had changed. The rules had changed, mainly because sometimes it seemed like nowadays there weren't any rules at all. And to me, my face and body no longer managed to fool the eye, and appear seventeen. "Nobody will believe it. any more. Seventeen has come and gone too long ago." "Of course they will. Here's your usual research material; the latest copy of Rolling Stone magazine, and a playlist of all the current Top Twenty hits. Listen to them until you know the lyrics by heart. Choose a boy band member to idolise and research him. And here's your other homework book, Movie News. There are a few Young Adult sagas you need to catch up with." "What's my name this time?" I asked almost fearfully. Marcus had such a twisted sense of humour. I'd spent seven months undercover once with the name Tawny Tinsel. Guess where he got that from? He has never admitted it but I'm pretty sure it came straight from a porn movie. "Well, this time you are taking over the life of an actual person. Isabella Marie Swan. She lives overseas with her Mom and hasn't been back to her father's house since she was four years old. Her father lost touch with her completely about ten years ago. You are the right height she would be now, estimated on her height as a two year old, and no matter what you think, you can still pass for the seventeen she really is by now." I gave up. Seventeen it is. Again. Time to bite the bullet and immerse myself into the role. "Isabella." I tried the name out loud. It was a little fancy for my taste but whatever. I guess if I got used to being called Tawny I can pretty much cope with anything. "Now remember. It's your job to observe and report . Nothing more. We are not getting this case tossed out because of some accusation of entrapment. If these teachers are dealing dope to the students, eventually they will offer it to you or to your group of friends, then all you need to do is report in. We will take it from there. When Riley turns up as a substitute teacher, treat him like all the actual teachers, and remember you have never met him before. Maybe have a schoolgirl crush on him, that way if you let anything slip your friends will think you have some fantasy life in your silly little schoolgirl head and dismiss what you say. And by the way...do not do anything reckless." "Do I get to keep my gun?" I asked hopelessly. I feel naked without it. And every time I was seventeen he took my gun away. "Sure. We really need you being arrested for going to school armed. Of course you don't get a gun. So, here's your ticket. The plane will land in Seattle and you will be collected at SeaTac by your new Father, Charlie Swan. There will be a couple of hours on the road getting home so he will fill you in on any special childhood memories you may need then. Be nice to him. He loved his daughter and is regretful that he lost track of her so he may be expecting you to act just like his little Isabella would now. Of course we have no clue how the real Isabella would act so let's assume he thinks she is an angel and would never do anything at all to embarrass him or bring shame on the Swan family name. No underage drinking, or smoking. It will be a good chance for you to let your liver have a rest. Understand?" I rolled my eyes. Rats. While I'd been seventeen more times than I cared to remember, usually I got to be the bad girl. The rebel. I got to choose my own personality for each role. I got to be the girl I never was game to be when I was really a seventeen year old schoolgirl. But this time it was apparently different. I had to act like a seventeen year old virgin Princess? Fine. I could actually do the whole virgin part, that came naturally, but seventeen? Again? Was I ever going to grow up or was I to be Peter Pan forever? xxxx Bree was my workmate and only confidente so sitting on the bar stool beside hers that night, I wailed about my life, as it had to be lived, for the next year. "Seventeen yet again. God, I hated that age. Not a child, yet not an adult, and this time I have a Daddy to lay down the law and keep me in line. At least I won't have any trouble rebelling against him. I swear, if the man dares to ground me, I will shoot him." "Calm down. Who knows? Charlie Swan might be hot. You have to live in his house so who is to know if you are sleeping in his bed? Maybe you will get to call him 'Daddy'," she giggled. "Oh gross. Just imagine the gossip if someone caught us at it. Incest in Forks. It would be headline news for generations," I sighed. "Got a photo?" Bree pushed and I pulled out the folder from my briefcase and extracted a couple of happy snaps of my dear 'Papa'. "Whoa. Porn star moustache. Maybe not. He has kind of cute eyes though." "You think?" I questioned, looking again. Of course, by now I had three vodka cranberries under my belt so even he was starting to look good. "I just hope to God my fictional brother isn't hot, because if he is..." Bree laughed. "Yeah. Now I think about it, maybe it would be best if you kept the v card cashing outside the family. It would be a lot harder to act cool around your big bro if the two of you were fuckbuddies, especially in a town that small. What the heck are you going to do for fun?" "Well, number one fun thing is get rid of this whole twenty five year old virgin status with the first Adonis I set eyes on, before I find myself being inappropriately lusting after my fellow students." "You know if they are all seventeen, chances are you will be the only virgin among them," she retorted. "As usual." "And that's why it can't be so. The hardest part of playing seventeen is that I have to talk like a modern day teen each time and the other girls almost always have had more bedroom experience than me. This time I am not faking it. I am so bad at faking it. I'm always shocked the other girls don't see straight through me and know I'm lying about my sexual exploits that I borrow straight from tv shows. I have to have at least one lover under my belt before I register at Forks High. Anyway, this is as good a reason as any to take the bull by the horns and just do it," I reasoned. "I'm flying in a day early, so Charlie Swan will be picking me up at the airport but I won't actually be fresh off a plane like he thinks. I'm getting there Friday night,and scouting out a bar in Seattle to try my luck. I'll find myself a man and use his body all night long, then be sitting back at the airport like a good little High School student Saturday when he arrives. Marcus warned me Charlie will probably turn up in his police cruiser. How embarrassing. No wonder the real Isabella stays well away." How come I am a virgin at twenty five? Let's just say life has not been kind to me. My parents are devoutly religious and drummed into me at a very young age that a girl's virginity was her most precious possession and once she 'gave it away' to someone, unless he proved to be her 'life partner', then she had squandered it foolishly and would regret it forever. So for some reason I fought off the various wandering hands of the various boys I dated in my actual teens and by the time I hit my twenties, I found I had become somewhat picky. Of course that meant I missed my main chance. All of my girlfriends had lost their virginities in the throws of first love, with their High School sweethearts. Mine had moved on quickly, frustrated because I refused to 'put out'. Then when I was ready, it seemed like most decent twenty somethings were already in relationships. Snapped up young. Most of the men I met were divorced, on their second round. Men with baggage and ex wives and children to consider. The single guys were players. I'd had a few offers but as I had not found any of them even attractive, I'd passed. I wanted my first time to be with someone I'd be happy to look back at and remember with a touch of fondness. I wasn't desperate, not yet. But I wasn't ready for anything heavy either. My work precluded any chance of maintaining a real relationship, so I'd come to the conclusion that maybe I needed to just grab the first decent guy to help me out. Not one guy had come along that seemed worthy of the honour. For a few years I was proud of myself for not throwing myself at all comers but let's face it, it's just getting beyond ridiculous and just reading the title of that movie, The Forty Year Old Virgin, was enough to make me want to weep. I have to do this. I pretend to be all modern and cool and all the time I have kids I used to babysit who have cashed in their cards ahead of me. I swear, first hottie in Seattle hits the jackpot. xxxx I sat at an entirely different bar stool Friday evening, eyeing off every unaccompanied male who walked in the door of the Seattle bar. So far all the slightly hot ones had girls draped on their arms, and that sucked. All but one, that is. And that one happened to be the best looking man I had seen in quite a while. He was tall and slender, and beautiful. He was sitting all alone at the other side of the bar, and he had given me the once over a couple of times. He had the most amazing thatch of unruly overlong golden blonde curls that he kept tossing back over his shoulder. I just love messy hair. Bed hair. Neat and tidy hair leaves me cold. It says "I spend half my life in front of the mirror and half my income on product." Messy hair says "I just got out of bed after a session of hot sex and don't care who knows it." I smiled in what I hoped was an encouraging manner but he had stayed where he was, on the far side of the bar. Maybe I should go to him? I glanced at the time. Really, I had high