JUST BRINGING MY TWO 'ORPHAN' STORIES HOME, SOME OF YOU HAVE ALREADY READ THEM. Safe Chapter 1 Disclaimer: I don't own twilight Stephenie Meyers does. Now the real disclaimer. For anyone here because they read my stories at Zosie where Ed and Bella always have a Happy Ever After and there are often quick fixes if the story begins with them apart, and you like that lighter stuff, stay there and don't read here. This is a separate user for a reason. This story will not have a quick fix, so don't ask for one. It will contain people with fucked up lives, and human tragedy and a disturbing cat story. You have been warned. Safe In Alternate Arms Chapter One BPOV For some people, life is like a big adventure, and they scurry along their life path, pausing at alternate detours and maybe even follow a dead end and end up someplace they were never meant to go, but for all that, it's exciting. It's filled with unexpected thrills and people they never imagined they would meet and maybe they get so distracted from their real life path, they forget to return, and instead they make the best of where they end up. That's not to imply they can't be happy there. They do say we have seven soul mates so chances are, maybe this one is just as good for you as the one the Universe had in mind originally, anyway, had you stayed on track. That's how it is for many people. They meet a few of their seven and maybe one sparkles a little more than the others, and even though he may not be as good for you as a less shiny new toy, you hitch your cart to his and head off to a great adventure into the unknown. Good luck to you, I say. Me, I have known my soul mate and my life path since...since time began. I can't put a date on it because I have always known. Where my other six possible matches are is completely irrelevant, because I know the path I will walk and the man I will love and spend my future with and nothing else matters. I love him already, and he loves me. We were destined to be together and nothing can change that fact. "Bella, Edward's here," my father Charlie says, standing at my bedroom door. I close my Diary and put it inside my bedside drawer. "Okay. I wasn't expecting him today. I'll be right down." "You might want to get changed," Dad says gruffly and I look over my outfit in surprise. I have on the usual sweat pants and cami I always wear when just hanging out in my bedroom; which will soon be empty and hopefully converted into a guestroom that a visitor would want to stay in. I'm seriously considering delaying my departure to the city long enough to do the makeover myself. Let's just say Charlie is great at coming up with plans and colour schemes and ideas for how great various rooms in his house could look with a little money and effort spent on them, but he lacks the drive to follow through. I want to come back here now and then, to visit. It's just the thought of my soon to be husband and I, crammed into this tiny bed I've slept in since I graduated out of a crib, being forced to lay here and see the memento's of my childhood tacked to the walls that horrifies me. My Mom may have escaped being trapped here in Forks forever but for me, it's been a long struggle to make the same move and I guess as much as I want it to happen, there's still some pull to remain in the safety of the familiar. Nope, no way. I want to go. I want to live in the city. I want the freedom and anonymity it will provide. I want to walk past people who won't make eye contact and won't care what 'Police Chief Swan's daughter' is up to. I've had a lifetime of that already and it was my years away at college that introduced me to a different way to live. The simple joy of having strangers barely glance at me when I was rolling drunk, out with my bff, and know nobody would dob to my Father was just heady. I felt like a grown up. If Jacob hadn't been here, waiting my return, I sometimes think I would have simply phoned my Father and told him to pack up everything I own that I left behind and ship it to me at NYU, because I would take one of the job offers at one of the large, glitzy, amazing magazines that had offered me a career.. So,instead, frustrated and and helplessly hating my Fate to have to always have to live here, in this Hellhole, I'd come home again myself after graduation, and prepared to resume my mediocre life in this mediocre damp, dank, dark little town. And then a miracle happened. The morning after my reunion with my beloved. He was in no hurry to go back to the home he shared with his father, Billy, on the Res. Instead, Jacob was helping me unpack all my awards and letters of recommendation from my tutors, and assignments I'd kept out of sentimentality, not because I'd need to add them to my CV to secure a job on Forks only newspaper, and he saw the letters offering me various futures far brighter than any lived here could possibly be. "Bells, really? Metropolitan Magazine Monthly offered you a job? I hope you accepted." I grimaced. "The commute from New York to Forks is kind of long. Even if I got a little studio apartment there, what would be the point? We've been apart for four years, Jake and I'm sick of it. I don't want us to be a long distance couple any longer. It's over. We lasted, against the odds, and now is the beginning of forever. I never want to sleep in another bed that you are not sleeping in beside me." "Then let's both move to New York," Jake replied, grinning. "Oh, if only it was that simple," I growled. "If only we could afford to do that." "We can," he said , catching me into his rather large, muscular arms. "Sam's company has succeeded far past his wildest hopes and he's offered me a contract to work with him in the Big Apple, for the next five years." To say I was struck dumb is understating things badly. I thought my brain was playing tricks and my hearing had been compromised. I thought I was listening to the voices in my head and they were saying the words I longed to hear, rather than what my soul mate was really saying. "Say that again," I said, reigning in my exuberance until I heard the words for a second time. "Sam wants me to go work for his Ad Agency in New York for a minimum of five years." "Oh My God," I almost screamed, throwing my arms around his shoulders as he lifted my body and smashed my lips against his. "Is there a reason you didn't tell me this yesterday when I got home?" I asked, unable to believe this news was not the first thing he had said to me after the kissing and hugging at the Bus Station. "I wasn't sure what you wanted to do. You downplay how amazing you find New York so much, I was starting to believe you were sick of living there and you wanted a simpler life here, with Charlie." "No way in Hell," I cried, crying real tears of hope and joy. We were getting out of Forks! It was as heady as if we had just avoided a life long prison sentence and instead, were free. "I can't believe this. How could you ever think for one second I'd want to live here? Seriously, Jake, what have you been smoking? The only attraction I ever felt to Forks was the fact you lived practically on our doorstep. I want to get out of here. I want to be a city slicker and stand on line, instead of in line. I want to be able to walk out my apartment door at any time, day or night, and be able to buy a meal or a coffee and be around people. God, I want everything that city has to offer. When are we leaving?" Needless to say, I took the job with the magazine and I start in one short week. We had planned to go to the city together but then Sam needed Jake to go early, so he had. "Bella, I'm sure Edward has better things to do than to wait all day for you to come downstairs," Charlie hollered. I decided not to change clothing after all, it wasn't as if Edward hadn't seen me dressed like this a thousand times. We'd known one another since his parents moved here from Boston just in time for him to begin High School. I'd never figured out why he seemed to love living here, because I was pretty sure nobody else did. Apart from Charlie, but let's just say my Father is different to most humans and somehow settles for less than practically every other person in America. He loves Forks. He loves the rain and the green, and the forest. And the lack of decent shops, and the fact we have a diner and not a restaurant. And that the only tourists who ever come here are the ones who got lost on their way to somewhere else. Somewhere better. He would never move unless the entire place burned to the ground, and there was no tiny town of Forks left, though, I suspect, even then he would stay here and rebuild it. "Hey Edward. What's happening?" I asked as I skipped down the staircase. "I just heard you and Jake are moving to New York. Tell me it's not true." I laughed a laugh so joyous it left no doubt in his mind. It was true and I was thrilled. "How did this happen?" he asked, looking both lost and bewildered. "Sam's 'silly little business that he didn't think out properly, considering how many Ad Agencies have gone under since the economic downturn' has gone against the odds and flourished. And he's asked Jake to go work with him." "But what will you do?" I snapped my fingers on both hands and did my happy dance that Edward was very familiar with. "I got hired by Metropolitan Magazine. I'm their newest reporter and columnist. Yes, Cullen, I am that good and finally somebody noticed my talent." "Wow," he replied, a little flatly. "That's great,of course. I always knew you had what it takes to bowl them over and I bet you are Editor in five years time. But New York? It's so far away." "Hmm," I agreed. "It is. You will have to come visit us whenever you get the time. So, are you going to work with your dad at Forks Hospital, like you always planned?" Edward is almost a doctor. He's done all the doctor training stuff already and he managed to finish it two years faster than the other medical students he enrolled with. Now he just has to do the Residency thingey, or whatever it's called. The bit where he works on actual patients and cops the blame whenever anything goes wrong and somebody dies. I'm proud of him. Proud of my best friend, for achieving so much so fast. "I start in two weeks time," he answers. xxxx Edward and I shared an apartment in New York while we went our separate ways and he did his doctoring and I did my journalism-ing, and we barely ever saw