Disclaimer : I actually own everything. Just kidding. I own nothing except the premise through which I have the characters created by JKR play through. The scenario in which the story is set takes place in a partially-AU fifth year, in which Voldemort was defeated (again) by Harry at the graveyard at the end of fourth year. I won't go into detail about this, so you can make up your own scenarios. Also, no Umbridge. For the DADA teacher, Dumbledore was able to re-hire Lupin (I'll cross that bridge when I get there). Also there are countless references inside to many other pieces of fiction, primarily the anime/manga Death Note. Not enough to be considered a crossover, though. Anyway, onwards! Chapter 1: Of Secret (and Currently Lost) Romantic Novellas Harry looked into her with his deep, emerald eyes, seemingly as if looking at her for the first time. She was very sure that by this point she was very red in the face and accordingly put her head down. His hand came to rest at her chin, and he slowly tilted her head back up to look at him. " You fancy me, Hermione?" That was what she said, was it not? Not allowing her head to tilt back down, she looked at him, and said, her insides having been either cooked or turned into stone: " Yes, and I have been since you saved me from the troll." " But Ron saved you from the troll-" " If it wasn't for you Harry, he never would have gotten at the troll. You distracted it." " But…." He stopped, trying to think of a counter-argument, but realized that there was none. She was almost to the point of tears. "I'm sorry we ruined our friendship, Harry. You don't have to ever talk to me again." With that, she at the very least attempted to go back upstairs, but she was stopped in her tracks by a certain Boy-Who-Lived. " But why wouldn't I want to talk to you?" " Because I love you Harry! And you don't, and never will!" She had said it. She said she loved Harry Potter. It was as if she'd been hit with a Confundus charm. And from the looks of it, it looked like he had been hit with something similar, as his face was an unidentifiable combination of happiness, confusion, and worry. How could she have seen the happiness, though? She tried to go back up into her dorm. Hermione could no longer see him, but before she could shut him out completely she heard a voice say: " But Hermione! I love you too!" She stopped dead, and heard a smack as an aforementioned Harry slapped his hand over his mouth. Slowly but surely, she neglected her previous intention and went back down to him. He was unease. He slowly brought his gaze up to her. Then she asked him a question- " You love me?" It took him a while to answer. " Yes, and I have since you were petrified in 2 nd year. Pompfrey never told you, but there was one night were I stayed at your bedside until morning came. Snape got onto me for sleeping in his class the next day, but…. What I mean to say, I saw you in a different light ever since then, I realized that there was something between us…. That wasn't just being best friends." " I thought Ron was your best-" " He's my best mate , as in guy-to-guy, but you're by best friend , meaning all around, boy or girl, on terms of friends. But I realized that I don't just think of you as a friend anymore. I love you, Hermione." There was no need for any more words. They looked at each other with the love they had missed out on for four years, and slowly, they leaned in. When their lips finally met, both could feel their insides suddenly melt away into nothingness. When they finally parted, they exchanged their love for one another once more, and nothing in the world could ever break them apart. For they were one soul now. Hermione Granger's hand finished writing down all the words that were coming out of her head. She had written sappy love stories like this one before, but this one was by far the most romantic with her and her secret love. However many pages of parchment she had accumulated to write this entire novella of hers down had come in handy. She was alone in the common room, at night, with everyone else asleep. She turned to the fire and thought. You see, it was about three weeks ago that another plot idea arrived in her head, and it was like a lot of her secret stories were; she fell in love with her best friend, Harry Potter, and a series of unfortunate yet slightly hilarious and amazing events occurred afterwards, ending in her embarrassment, Harry's falling in love with her, and Ron's likely dismemberment. And all of them ended with a kiss that Hermione only could dream of. If only this were more than just a dream…. Hermione started writing fiction stories involving her friends even before she went to Hogwarts. At her old school, she and her friends would come up with ideas of fabulous adventures, and ask Hermione to write them, considering she was the most skilled in language and literary arts. And she obliged them, setting her friends up with the guys or girls they liked, and a happy ending for all present. So, when she went to Hogwarts, a feeling of nostalgia kicked in, and she decided of make the best of her situation of being friendless by writing fantastical stories about some adventures she could get into at this school. But as she was writing them, she realized she was missing something: A love interest. That was about the time she met/became friends with/fell hopelessly in love with Harry Potter, the famous Boy-Who-Lived. Ever since, she wrote the kind of romantic-comedy that she had just finished writing. This, however, was her longest work, spanning many long pieces of parchment. Perhaps she would change the names and sell it for a book deal when she was older. But then again, how many romantic interests in the world had lightning scars, black hair, and green eyes you could lose yourself in- Stop it, Hermione. You're only hurting yourself. She smiled at her sudden thoughts and gazed into the fire for a moment more, another plot bunny possibly hopping through her head, and decided to retire and go up to her bed to sleep. She grabbed her parchment-novella and everything else of hers and went up to her dorm. Little did she know what was going to happen that night…. ~0~ Crookshanks was very bored. His master had gone to sleep and there was hardly anything else he could do to keep himself entertained. What was a tabby like himself to do in such a situation? He turned and looked toward her bag. It looked like it could do with a good scratching. It was made of a perfect scratching material after all, wasn't it? The fabric looked so soft…. Temptation gave in, and there was a fresh hole in Hermione's school bag. Crookshanks busied himself looking through his master's belongings, and found something curious. It was an assortment of papers, each with jumbles of human writing on them, as if written in haste. The cat could not easily understand such things, so did what he exampled many times during his first year as Hermione's pet- He took it. Paper grasped between his jaws, Crookshanks made off with the document. Then he strutted away to wander through the halls of the castle, his prize having been caught. ~0~ Crookshanks returned several hours later when the sun was just rising, and when he returned to the girls' dorm, his master was awake now. Needless to say to any reader who has any sort of logic in his or her head, Crookshanks was novella-less. So Hermione did not notice that he had stolen anything. She was in her bed reading, and looked up when he entered the room. She was slightly surprised and tried to whisper-scold him without waking the other sleepers in the room. "Crookshanks! What have I told you about roaming the castle after-hours? You don't know what's-" Crookshanks interrupted with a meow directed at her, and went over to her bag. It still had the hole in it, which Hermione only just noticed due to Crookshanks' gesturing. She was a trifle mad at him, and spoke above her usual whisper slightly. "Crookshanks? Why did you rip my bag?" No response from Crookshanks, who was now stretching. "Crookshanks! You didn't take anything, did you-" "…shut the hell up, Hermione, I'm trying to sleep…" "Sorry, Lavender!" Ignoring Lavender's very brief but rude interruption, Hermione hastily grabbed her school bag and emptied out its contents onto her bed. Everything was there, her books, quills, parchment, except- …except for one particular piece of parchment. "Oh no….oh no oh no oh no oh no!" She scurried through her belongings once, twice, thrice more, all with the same outcome. Her romantic Boy-Who-Lived-and-Brightest-Witch-of-Her-Age story (she was still trying to come up with a proper name for it, after all) was gone. Vanished. In resignation, she sighed. "Bloody hell, I'm screwed if someone finds that." ~0~ Need I say that someone did find it? Of course someone did. Well, it wasn't really one person, after all. Hermione quickly got dressed in some lackluster robes of hers and started to roam the school with Crookshanks in order to find her romantic Boy-Who-Lived-and-Brightest-… Okay, she really needed a shorter name for that. What was there else, though? She could call it a Besties-relationship, perhaps? Not nearly as long as that first one…. But she wasn't really his best friend, after all, right? That was Ron…. Maybe just… Harry-Hermione relationship? Slightly long again…. Maybe she could shorten 'relationship'. Maybe just 'relation'? Still too long. Three syllables. Maybe just 'ship'? That might work. So, as she rounded another corner of the castle, she came to a suitable conclusion – Harry-Hermione ship. Right? Would that work? The whole thing still had seven syllables. Not something you could say easily off the tip of the tongue. She'll ponder the thought tomorrow. Right now she just needed to find her whatever-it's-called romance about her and Harry. She rounded another corner, and deadened at the sight waiting for her. Weasley Twin #1 and Weasley Twin #2 were waiting there, their backs toward Hermione. They presently could not see her. What were they doing? She decided to back away slowly. But…. But what if they had her novella? It was with this thought that she accidentally walked on Crookshanks, who hissed at her. She yelped in slight fear and slight confusion, and she stopped dead (again) in the middle of the hall, balancing on one foot. As one, the twins' heads turned to see her. They grinned. "Why, we have a student lurking about before school starts…." "Naughty, naughty, huh, George?" "Right on the money, Fred." They turned to her, dressed in full Hogwarts attire, still grinning. George held something behind his back. If that was her story…. "What are you doing out, Granger?" asked George. In an infinitesimal span of thought, Hermione deduced the following situation: I wondering what is behind their back, so I'll be curious, but I'll need to explain to them why I'm out early, so… I'd naturally be looking for a book or quill, right? A book, more like- "I'm looking for a book that I lost yesterday." Genuinely curious as always, Fred asked, "But why search now for the book? You have all today to look for it too." George piped up as well. "Yeah, so naturally you'd want to look for the book without anyone knowing you're looking for