A/N- Hello there! Just a short note: If the school system in this is confusing you, apologies, I'm using the English system; also I would like to add that I've recently started writing again, (due to wanting to improve my style), any feedback is deeply appreciated! (Thank-you! ^-^) DISCLAIMER: I don't own PJO/HOO/characters and so on; cover image is also by: Catty-13 on Deviantart WARNINGS: Slight homophobic language used (Please don't read if you find this upsetting!) Enjoy! ^-^ Part 1 _-_- JINXED -_-_ Tick, tock, tick, tock, tick, tock- BRRIINNGG! Waking up at 6:30AM is seriously not my cup of tea. Waking up at 6:30AM when you only had four hours of sleep as well also doesn't help the matter. But waking up at 6:30AM on a Monday morning for another day at hell, ahem school, definitely is no way to start the day. Especially when you happen to be a teenager called Nico Di Angelo. School has never been anything other than hell for me. Ever since I stepped through the doors at primary school when I was five I knew that the sooner all this education shite finished, the better. Back then though, when my sister Bianca Di Angelo was still alive at least I had something to look forward too at break times, a reason to remain in class. At break and lunch Bianca would always be there to look after me; she would make sure I was alright and wasn't the loner on the playground. Well, not being the loner to the fact at least my sister would occasionally check on me in the corner I would hide in. I learnt long ago the easiest way to survive to stay low, preferably somewhere dark, small, and unpopular such as behind the sports equipment shed. Well, it served its purpose, what more can I say? That though was before high school; that was before my sister died and my mother, Maria Di Angelo past away, that was before I was sent to live with my father, Hades. After that my life changed, most likely for the worst. I was no longer that nervous, behaving little 'angel' as my primary school teachers had said but that anti-social nightmare that people stayed clear of. Hell, maybe it was for the better. BRRIINNGG! Oh, damn it. Looks like I nearly overslept. Again. Getting out of bed in the morning is probably the hardest task. Not only does it mean that I'm getting nearer to school, but leaving the warmth of the blankets to the freezer like atmosphere of the house for some reason isn't that inviting. Another thing about my father, he doesn't seem to agree the fact people need heat. Proves that he is the cold-hearted bastard as always then. Always being an obnoxious snob because 'I own one of the three richest business in Europe, boy, I expect respect when I talk to you, is that understood?'- tends to be one of the most common conversations between us. In fact I can't remember a time when he hasn't spoken that if we unfortunately cross paths in his house. What makes matters worse between our pitiful relationship is the fact I'm openly gay and he's a homophobic. It's not my house and defiantly not my home. This is just a place where I sleep. There's no way this is my home. I guess living in a bloody mansion doesn't help matters either convincing people that you could give a damn about money. I guess also you would have thought I living in a bloody mansion would have meant that you would hardly ever cross paths, right? No. Hell, no. I swear Hades tracks me down every day just to make sure I know there's nothing I can do about it till I'm eighteen. That bastard. Only two more years left. Well, today though should be the start of something new. Today is the day I start my 'new' school for 'troubled' kids. Yet why was I being sent here? To a school for troubled kids? I put a kid in hospital. Ran him over with his own car. I guess it was kind of senseless thing to do; yet, do I regret it? Ha. No. The bastard deserve it. No person, regardless, gets away with laughing at my sister's death and gets away with it. So, that's why I got expelled; all though no further legal action was taken because the evidence wasn't present. I would thank my 'father' for that if not the fact he only disposed of all proof for his own purposes. BRRIINNGG! Yep, that signals I'm going to be late. Who cares? I surely don't. I don't know what's more typical, the fact I woke up late, missed the bus or ended up getting dentation even before getting past my second lesson of today… probably the last, for some reason teachers just never know when to give up. After waking up, I had a matter of minutes to get ready. I found some random black jeans from the floor; thank the gods they happened to be clean, my favourite (slightly faded) skull top from on top of the dresser, black converse and my avatar jacket. It was a couple a sizes too big but it was something I never left home without, regardless of the weather. My mess of dark hair would just have to remain untidy for today, to be honest it was in need of a trim, it was getting a little long. I raced down two flights of stairs, along three corridors and gods knowns through how many doors. (Twelve, if you care.) Today, unfortunately my father was home so I went the long way down to try to avoid having to see him. Of course that failed. I turned a corner quick, glancing down at my ipod. "Watch were you are going boy!" A voice growled. I looked up suddenly to see my father. He was dressed totally in black, head to foot, in a business suit made of god knows what expensive material. Standing 6'7'' he particularly shadowed me, which is rather funny for he may as well be a shadow because that's how much support he had ever given me. "Nico." He snapped. "How many times do I have to tell you, don't run in my house!" Biting my tongue to hold back a particularly unpleasant reply. "Answer me when you're spoken to boy! Do release that I own one of the three richest business in Europe? I demand respect you ungrateful child." I looked straight into his burning eyes, fiery with anger. "Sorry father." "Don't. Do. It. Again." And then he was gone, away with the shadows. I was tempted to punch something, but I decided against it. After that, having the fact that I missed breakfast by a long shot, I dashed out, nearly forgetting my bag, and well, missed the bus by seconds. Unluckily though, one came every ten minutes so I couldn't skip a day and stay home. Like I would have wanted to stay home anyway. I wasn't too late there; just 15 minutes or so… it's just my 'new' forum tutor Mr D just hated me from the second he looked up from his laptop. Well, in defence, I do think he hated everyone. Mr D, as the receptionist had called him as I had collected my lovely lessons timetable and got brief directions to my forum room, EN1- English room, just by my luck ended up as my forum tutor. Upon entering I gained two impressions. One- the kids I saw seemed the definitions of idiots, most were acting the ages of two years olds, some staring idiotically at my entrance and others… we will leave it at that shall we? Two- 'Mr D' seriously couldn't care less that I existed. He sat in his chair wearing bright, blue shorts and a purple tiger print shirt, probably already searching around for his next holiday to Greece. His dress style though… blinding, in other words. Proves the 'non-school uniform' theory. Back to reality I go. "You're late." He partially spat at me as I carelessly walked through the doorway. "Never…" I mumbled back, just out of ear shot, but only to save my neck for the moment I kept from replying. "What's your name child?" He growled. "Di Angelo." Came a simply response. I gave him a small humourless smile back before returning to my usual emotionless expression. Returning his eyes back the screen he simply grunted, "Sit. Late tomorrow then dentation. You're lucky boy that it's your first day." "Please, don't remind me." I muttered silently while swiftly moving towards the back. It was pure luck that a spare seat remained in the corner there. Yanking the seat out and slumping down into the plastic chair, I took in the surroundings. The room felt like somewhere a two year would go for day care. In other words; torture. The walls were painted bright purple along with the floor which was only a shade darker; inspiration posters lined the walls, the windows though were firmly locked and bolted along with cupboard behind Mr D. Meh, some people just are seriously dull. I stole another look at the supposed other 'troubled' kid cases that sat around. There was quite a range of issues to be seen; depression, anger management (some guy look like he was about to throw a chair at someone's head), OCD, schizophrenia, pyromania… the list was endless. And they said I had issues. I guess though it was one group of friends that stood out from the rest, they sat over the other side of the class room, chatting endlessly, near the back as well. I didn't get a good look at them (not like I'm a stalker or anything…) before, BRRIINNGG! Whoopee! Time to bring out some music. _-_-Line Break-_-_ The first lesson, maths had been well, maths. Our teacher, Miss Copper had nearly had a mental breakdown by the end of the lesson which was fun to watch. Well, I couldn't blame her, teaching algebra to a bunch of people who couldn't care less, except one girl, (Annabeth Chase I believe (totally mad I say)), isn't exactly easy. Second lesson though, History hadn't gone as one could have hoped. For once I hadn't been late; maybe that was what jinxed it. As soon as I had walked through the door I went to the back. Sitting at the front screams for you getting the firing end of people's attention. It wasn't really a large class, 20 or so, for the school, it only had about 400 students attending. By the time the last kid had walked through the door I had already zoned out. History is certainly not my forte. I leant back in my chair and careless shifted through my iPod music. Fortunately, I had downloaded some more songs, mainly Green Day and Fall Out Boy to keep me entertained. What I failed to notice was that the teacher Chiron, as he preferred to be called by his first name, actually did care if you succeed in life; all I could say to that was: yeah, great. "Nico Di Angelo, am I right?" Chiron, dressed in simple faded brown trousers and a tweed jacket stood now directly in font on my desk. I couldn't tell if he was angry, mad or furious. "Yeah…" I answered, pulling out an earphone and looking up to meet his eyes. They were brown but much lighter than mine. He uncrossed his arms from in front of his chest. "Do you realise that we are in a lesson Mr Di Angelo?" He kept a calm manner. This could mean two things; he doesn't care or, and more likely he feels that 'I'm just another kid to which being patient with will help fix him.' News flash: I'm not broken. "Yes." I kept emotionless, usually failing to display any care to a teacher's