BIRTHDAY BLOSSOMS Bella's POV I woke Renesmee up early that morning as it was her seventh birthday and Alice wanted to give her a makeover, "Rise and shine lazy bones." . She groaned , "Momma , just five more minutes." she said sleepily . "Darling it's your birthday and your aunt Alice wants to give you a makeover. Not that you need it." "Wow mom I'm seven , I'm all grown up now and I'm gonna join high school with you and dad and I've stopped aging ." She said really excited . My little daughter had grown up so quickly. She was both mentally and physically seventeen. She had been home-schooled by Edward and had read all the books in our personal library, they were her text books. She also knew as many languages as her father ( English , French , Spanish , Italian , Latin , Portuguese , etc ). She was practically a walking and talking encyclopedia. She was mature far beyond her years. Everybody said she got that trait from me. Her skin was as impenetrable as a vampire's and as soft as a human's, it also glowed faintly in the sun. She was as strong and fast as a vampire and immortal too but she had a beating heart and blood pulsed through her veins. Her senses were as good as a vampire's but she was more at ease with humans than us. She preferred blood but could eat human food as well. It was like she had the best of both worlds. And she was dating Jacob and she loved him more than anyone except me and Edward. My thoughts were interrupted by Renesmee's voice which sounded like the tinkling of bells, "Mom did grandpa get us some human blood from the blood bank?" "Yes, now remember your promise dear." I said. She asked for human blood as a treat every now and then and insisted we all drink it too. But this year I had made her promise me it would be her last taste of human blood on her seventh birthday as it was becoming increasingly difficult for Carlisle to make excuses to bring home blood from the blood bank, and it was difficult for us to resist drinking human blood after tasting it. She had agreed to this. "I won't forget momma." She replied to me. "Now go to your aunt honey." She got out of bed and I gave her a kiss on her smooth forehead. She was flawless in her looks like vampires too. She had rare bronze hair and a crooked smile and a face like her father, while she had chocolate brown eyes like me when I was a human. She had inherited her curly hair from Charlie and most of her behavior and characteristics from me. I went downstairs to get her breakfast ready. About two hours later she came downstairs looking like an angel from heaven. She was wearing a sparkly lilac dress and a ribbon tied her rather long hair. Jacob who had arrived a few minutes ago to spend the day with her gasped and went ,"WOAH!" Edward said, "You look wonderful dear." And I said, "Honey you look other worldly, like an angel." Renesmee looked really shy at hearing all these compliments. "Um…thanks." Was all she could say. After breakfast it was party time for her. We all had human blood and finished it all up. I have to admit it was more than delicious. Now it was disco time, all of us got up and danced with our partners. As a vampire I could now dance without tripping over my own feet. Then it was gift time. Carlisle and Esme gave their gift first, It was an ancestral necklace belonging to Esme with a pendant added by Carlisle and it was really, really pretty. "It's beautiful, thanks grandma and grandpa." Next came Emmett and Rosalie's gift, A picture of Renesmee painted so realistically by Emmett and a tape with a special tune composed by Rosalie for and inspired by Renesmee. "That was so thoughtful of you uncle and auntie." She said. Alice and Jasper gave her two tickets .to her favorite band's show. "For you and Jacob." Alice said. "Thanks so much." She told them. Jacob gave her a gold chain with a crystal half moon. "The other half of the moon will be with me so that we always have a connection between us, I couldn't get a heart, sorry." He explained. "I just love it." She said. Now it was mine and Edward's turn to give her our gift. We gave her a diary with a sparkly baby pink cover. "We thought you could record your thoughts, you have so many." I said. She opened the diary to the first page where there was a family picture and the words-A thousand splendid suns should have risen the day you were born, For no gift we give could equal the gift that you are to us. Her eyes glittered with tears and she cried, "This is the best gift I've ever got!"( She could cry even though she had no need for tears like us.) Renesmee came with us to our special meadow and we had so much fun. We all joked about the fact that we never knew about Emmett's artistic streak before! THE USEFUL TALENT Although I liked Renesmee's talent , I never thought of it as useful , until one day when she was four years old, I was sitting alone in our bedroom sadly thinking about Renee when she came to me and realizing that I was sad held my hand and suddenly my mind was filled with happy images,they pushed out my sad thoughts and I couldn't think about them anymore. Renesmee's thoughts dominated my mind and I couldn't help but feel happy. Renesmee started using her talent more often after this to help us feel better and convince us, nobody could tune her out. Often, Renesmee used her talent on Alice and as Alice couldn't see her future she couldn't really prepare herself. For example, she would call me and Nessie for shopping and we hated shopping so Renesmee would just go and take hold of Alice's hand and show her pictures of staying at home , all cozy watching television, with her and Jasper holding hands and sitting together on a sofa. Renesmee 's thoughts and images were so convincing that all of us usually ended up feeling that she was right and we felt what she felt by seeing those images. Alice was no exception. "It's not fair." She often complained. She wasn't used to listening to others. SAVING MIKE NEWTON A few days after the party, I went hunting alone as all the others had finished hunting but I hadn't because I didn't feel thirsty then. I went up north in the forest where there were many mountain lions. I was just finished drinking blood and felt nice and full, when I heard screams and I realized there were some new scents. The voice of the screaming person sounded familiar, suddenly I recognized the voice, it was Mike Newton's, I hadn't realized this earlier because I had last spoken with him as a human and my human memories were very foggy now. The screams were coming from the freeway which was quite far from where I was, a five hour walk for a human but for me it was a matter of a few minutes as I ran at vampire speed and used shortcuts not possible for humans to use. When I reached the freeway I saw Mike being assaulted by some criminals for money. "Stop!" I cried. The criminals saw me and laughed. Mike was really surprised at seeing me he could just say, "Bella?" He was semi-conscious and seriously hurt. I ran at vampire speed and reached the criminals in a second, they were shocked at seeing this and it wasn't really hard to overcome them , soon they were all lying unconscious on the road with head injuries so people would think they were mad, just to be on the safer side about our secret. I pulled out my sleek, silver , mobile phone and dialed Charlie's number, "Hello, Charlie I found some criminals on the freeway near the forest the part where there is a hair pin bend." "Are you okay, Bells?" He said. "Yeah" I said. Then I cut the call and called Carlisle, "Hey, Carlisle I think I've got a patient for you, I think the ambulance would be too slow, can you get a room ready?" "Yes, Bella." He said, understanding what I meant. I cut the call, and went and picked up Mike, I started sprinting at vampire speed towards the hospital, luckily no one saw me. Mike was murmuring something but somewhere along the way he fainted, which was kind of good because he couldn't see me anymore. I reached the hospital and managed to get Mike in without being noticed. After giving Mike safely to Carlisle, I heaved a huge sigh of relief, I had managed to control myself from biting Mike, luckily I wasn't thirsty. I got a call from Charlie saying he had got all the criminals and they were reported mad. But there was one problem, Mike. Edward came over and said, "You did the right thing, honey." We planned a false story to tell Mike, and informed his parents. I thought maybe I could get away without seeing Mike, but the moment he opened his eyes , he had asked for me according to Carlisle. So I, Edward and Mike's parents went in to see him. He answered all of his parents' questions and when we turned to leave he said, "I want to talk with Bella privately." His parents went but Edward stayed. "ALONE!" He almost yelled. I asked Edward to wait outside. He went. Then Mike said, "How did you do that?" "Do what?" I asked. "Run so fast, and fight all those people." He said. "What are you talking about? I found you unconscious on the freeway and called the police and the ambulance." I said. "But I saw you run so fast and bash up those big bullies!" He insisted. "You were hurt pretty badly on your head, maybe we should get your brain checked." I said using the same technique Edward had used on me years ago. But Mike reacted differently from the way I had reacted, "Oh no! Do you really think so?!" He panicked . I had improved my lying skills because I didn't blush anymore and I was more confident as a vampire than as a human. But I was scared that Mike would hyperventilate so I called the nurse to give him some sedatives even though he protested. Slowly he drifted off to sleep. And I could finally leave. Edward was waiting outside and said, "He bought the story so easily, though all the time he wished you were with him instead of me. He thought you were even more beautiful than before, he thought you were devastatingly gorgeous, which you certainly are. He is dreaming about you even now." We went home where everyone was waiting for us and Emmett went, "Way to go, sis!" Wow! Emmett hardly ever praised anyone! Everybody congratulated me. SCHOOL AND RENESMEE The school term was starting soon and we were all going to a different school from Forks High School. Jacob would be coming too even though he had finished school in the Reservation, just to be with Renesmee. He would join the school later as he had some work as the Alpha male of the pack. Renesmee was quite disappointed with this but I told her, "How about making some other friends until Jacob comes?" And she agreed. "Good. Now, how about a race between you , me, your mother and your father?" Said Jacob. This was the zenith