Disclaimer : I do not own anything of the Harry Potter universe, it all belongs to JK Rowling, I just love writing about the fantastic universe she presented us. Harry was just returning from the headmaster's office after being told of the prophecy when an owl approached him in the hallway with a parcel attached to his leg. Normally it wasn't strange for an owl to bring letters and parcels, but Harry had never before seen an owl to deliver something in the middle of the hallway. Sometimes something got delivered in the common room, but otherwise it normally was in the great hall. That was why Harry approached it warily. He used the spells he had learned from Mad-Eye to check if there was something strange with it. After that he levitated the letter that was attached to it and unsealed it with his wand. Dear Harry I won't go into too much detail, but in this parcel is a mirror like Sirius had send you. This one is connected only with a mirror I have. It is protected with a password, the same as a famous map you definitely know of. Just tap it while you say it. I expect you to contact me regularly, so if you wish to talk, I'm here. If you wish, I won't mention the recent events. Tonks A small smile appeared on Harry's face. He had gotten to know Tonks a little bit over the summer and Christmas holidays. He was glad she had thought about him. Trotting up to the seventh floor, he paced three times before the entrance of the room of requirement. Once inside, there was a little cozy room that had appeared. He went to sit in an armchair and opened the parcel. He felt a little pang that he hadn't thought about the mirror Sirius had given him, but this time he wouldn't do the same thing. He tapped his wand on the mirror and said "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good" Waiting for a few seconds before the blurry view clear up and Tonks' face appeared. "Wotcher Harry. I'm glad you contacted me" "How are you Tonks? Could I talk to you?" Harry asked. Tonks' nodded "I'm fine, St Mungo's patched me up quite rapidly. Is there something wrong?" This time Harry nodded and he asked, doing his very best to compose his emotions "What do you think of the headmaster?" Harry's piercing emerald green eyes begged her to tell the truth. "Honestly I don't know. I don't agree with some of his decisions" admitted Tonks. "You aren't the only one" Harry said and objects started to flow around him since he couldn't control his magic with the anger he felt. "Harry calm down, what happened" "That meddlesome old fool" Harry grumbled. "Look Harry, I need you to calm down. Take a deep breath" When she saw that less and less objects were levitating around him she said again "Good, now try to calm down a little more and then tell me what happened" Harry closed his eyes for a moment and managed to keep his magic under control. "I just returned from the headmaster's office. He there told me about the prophecy. It basically says that if I don't kill Voldemort, he will kill me" Tonks nodded, trying to keep calm hearing that information as she could only imagine how it could affect Harry only a few hours after his godfather had died. "He just told you this?" "Yes and he also explained me I had to go back to the Dursleys, so I could be protected from him through blood wards, but he doesn't understand that …" all of a sudden, Harry clamped up. Tonks noticed this change and for the first time, she finally pieced together some things that she had found odd about Harry "What doesn't he understand" she gently probed. Harry really debated with himself, could he tell her? Every time he told someone it hadn't ended well, or they didn't listen, like Dumbledore. Tonks saw his inner battle "Harry look at me" she ordered him and when he did so she said "Do you trust me?" He down casted his eyes for a moment before he looked back at her "Yes, but you've figured it our already, didn't you?" "I think I just did, but I need you to tell me" urged Tonks. "He might keep me safe from Voldemort with the blood wards, but he can't keep me safe from my relatives there and he doesn't want to listen if I tell him about it" "We are going to figure something out Harry, but I won't let you go back to them and I won't let you be manipulated again by Dumbledork" Her nickname for the headmaster made Harry genuinely smile. "Now, you will first go to sleep, because you look like a wreck and probably feel like one just like me. I'm on leave for the next week so you can contact me every moment you want, alright, we'll try to think about a something" Harry nodded. "And try to talk to your friends, not about this, I wouldn't mention this to be honest, but you should try to talk about what happened in the ministry" "I'll try" Harry promised. "That's all I can ask for" "Thank you Tonks, you're the first person to believe me and also thank you for not pushing me" "You're welcome Harry" and she looked him straight in the eyes to show him she meant it. "What do I do to close the connection" "Tap your wand again and say the closing spell of the map. See you Harry" The next time Harry blinked, the mirror was blotched again. "Mischief managed" and he tapped the mirror. He carefully placed it his pocket. He went back to the Gryffindor tower. The moment he went through the portrait of the fat lady, he immediately was tackled by Hermione who was shooting questions about how he was doing. Harry ignored this, but saw that Ron, Ginny, Neville and even Luna where also waiting for them. "If you don't mind, I would like to go to my bed. I know you're concerned, but for the moment I really need some sleep" he told them. Hermione who had released him from her hug said "Are you sure you don't want to talk about it. I wouldn't want you to bottle it all inside, you always do this and you shut us out. You should talk about us about Sirius" Harry cringed hearing Sirius' name, but tried to ignore the pang of guilt and the pain in his chest. "Hermione please, it's been a very long day" pleaded Harry. Neville, seeing the pleading in his eyes got up and laid a hand on Hermione's shoulder "Let him sleep" Harry didn't wait for an answer. He just passed Hermione and went upstairs to the fifth year dormitories. He hoped it wouldn't be a trend for the next six weeks or he'd kill himself rather from the smothering than the grief. After quickly changing, he went to lay in his bed, recalling everything that had happened since he had his vision. He knew he should have trained better to shield his mind, but he was convinced that Snape's technique and grudge actually withheld him from learning the actual skill. Also, if they had explained him why it was necessary or what they were protecting and stuff, he might have thought twice about barging in the ministry. It was only a couple of hours and he already missed his godfather. Not really his presence, since he sadly hadn't had the chance to enjoy that very often, but more the fact that he knew he could write a letter to Sirius if he had any problems. He was there for Harry, unconditionally. He felt rather guilty that his godfather had died, because he had tried to save him. Although many other parties shared a part of the guilt, he knew that if he hadn't let himself being tricked, Sirius might still be there. Harry heard footsteps coming upstairs, so he guessed that Ron and Neville were coming upstairs. Quickly shutting his curtains and casting a silencing spell, he let himself fall in the warm covers of his bed. Not that he was able to sleep much. The rest of the night was spent blaming himself about Sirius' death, but also in the amazement that Tonks believed him and had told him she would try to keep him away from the Dursleys and Dumbledore as fast as possible. Eventually he fell asleep, but immediately, the moment that he had been picturing the entire evening, the picture of Sirius falling through the veil started replaying through his dreams. Except now his friends and the other members of the Order died too, or blamed him. Over the course of three hours, Harry awoke 4 times. In the next following weeks, Harry's sleep didn't improve and his friends kept nagging him about Sirius, like that was the only thing to talk about. The only person he sometimes talked a bit about Sirius was Tonks and he was very grateful for the fact that she let him talk about it without forcing him. In the meantime, Harry and Tonks had been planning how they wanted to proceed. They talked every evening about their plans. She had quit the Order and even her job and had been traveling since. That was since they didn't want anyone to know they were making plans together and if they would disappear together, it would be to obvious. Tonks helped Harry studying for his OWL's which he found difficult to focus on, but luckily Tonks helped him, or he would probably fail every course. One evening, three weeks after Sirius' death and a few days before the OWL's would start, Tonks asked "What do you friends think you're doing the time you're talking with me?" "I just tell them I'm studying. They've been trying to force me to talk about Sirius. Quite literally by putting my in a body bind and such" Harry answered her. "They should know that that isn't really the best way to approach it. Even I know that" Tonks half murmured, half said. "Exactly, so I've been distancing me from them a bit to be honest. I don't understand that they don't get that I don't want to be forced talking about it" "It might be harsh to hear this, but it might be better like this" Tonks said sadly. "I know, but now we should focus on our plans and getting me through OWL's, I still want good results" Harry told her. So Tonks continued helping him study and together they made their plans. They knew it had to be thought out thoroughly since they would have a lot of people searching for Harry once they discovered he was gone. Harry made his OWL's, and to the surprise of his friends, he wasn't really worrying about them and felt good after almost each exam. He was also almost constantly watched by Ron and Hermione when he was with them, like they were waiting for him to break down. It made it all the harder to get away from them to talk with Tonks. When the OWL's were done completely, the only time they saw Harry was at meals, other times he was just in the room of requirements. As part of their plan, Harry had applied glamors, so he would look even more haunted and pale and he also made sure he almost didn't ate a thing in the great hall, only to have Dobby bring him food to the room of requirement. The reaction to this was divided. Hermione and Ron were worried. Dumbledore was glad to see Harry wasn't doing so well, which would help him control the boy again. The reaction of the rest of the school and the teachers was