Disclaimer : I do not own anything of the Harry Potter universe, it all belongs to JK Rowling, I just love writing about the fantastic universe she presented us. This story is/was posted on my other account, since I had trouble posting a new story on this account. Now that it is all worked out, I'm moving that story here, since that will be easier to manage all of my stories. The story is mostly the same as before, minus some mistakes or typos. If there are still grammer or spelling mistakes, please let me know. English isn't my native language (plus I have dyslexia), so it is possible that there are still a few mistakes in my stories even though I edit them before I post them. I hope you'll enjoy the story. The Change - chapter 1 When the advanced guard arrived at Privet Drive 4 to guide Harry to London, Harry had first noticed the violet haired young woman who was part of the guard. Throughout the ordeal at the Dursleys, Harry couldn't help but noticing her, especially when she had changed her hair to bubble-gum pink. Tonks on the other hand had been surprised at the cool reaction Harry gave to her morphing. Most people who saw her morphing for the first time were shocked at first, amazed later and then they started putting in requests. Harry had just looked at her for a moment with big eyes, before he had focused back on his task of packing his trunk. While they were flying to London, Harry sometimes sneaked a peak at Tonks, but mostly kept his attention to the flying. Through the first week of Harry's stay at Grimmauld Place, Harry stared at her while she was performing her morphs, while keeping a cold and uninterested look at her. Tonks at the same time, observed the teen that was often sitting in the same room and couldn't figure out his behavior. Finally, after dinner, a week and a half after Harry had arrived at the headquarters and two days after the hearing, Tonks snatched him while he was descending the staircase and pulled him in her room, since she stayed at Grimmauld Place to keep Sirius company. She pushed Harry against the wall and snarled "What is your problem with me?" Harry looked at her for a while before he slowly answered "There is nothing wrong with you Tonks" "Those are the first words you have spoken to me since we left your relatives and you keep staring at me with that cold look when I'm in the room. Care to explain what I did to deserve that?" Tonks almost spat out. Harry gave her a very calm answer "I was merely observing you" "Why?" Tonks almost shouted, the fact that he stayed so calm annoyed her even more. "Honestly, I was observing your metamorphmagus skills and…" but he broke of what he wanted to say since Tonks interupted him. "And what, you were wondering if I wanted to pose as someone for you, you had a request about how I should look. Fantasizing about the possibilities?" Harry looked at her shocked that she thought that, so he softly asked "Is that the general reaction you get to you morphing?" Tonks was surprised at the change of tone in his voice "Why do you care?" "Because I can probably understand a few things better than you can imagine" Harry replied. "You have no idea how it is, every time when you come close to someone, your heart is shattered again because they only care about your morphing" Tonks said again angered by the reply. "That might be true, but I do know what it feels like to be punished for it and I know how it feels like that people only want you for something, in my case, my fame" Harry told her earnestly. "Don't try to do like you know what I'm talking about, you're just trying to talk yourself out of the fact you were watching me" Tonks yelled. This time, Harry lost his patience and yelled back "Look at me very closely and you'll know part of the reason why I was watching you that closely" He looked her in the eye and her grey eyes were fiercely looking back at him. He started changing the color of his eye, going through almost the entire rainbow, before he settled on his regular green eyes again. Flabbergasted, Tonks looked at him with her mouth full teeth. Harry turned from her before he spoke "The first time I showed this ability, that I can remember, I was four or five years old. My aunt was sick of my unruly hair that never changed, not even after a visit to the hairdresser, so one evening she just cut it all off, leaving only my fringe to cover my scar. That night, I prayed to everybody I could think off, that I wouldn't have to go to school the next day, looking like that. When I got out of my cupboard the next morning, my hair had grown back" "Your cupboard" was the first thing that Tonks managed to ask. "Yes, the first ten years I lived with the Dursleys, my bedroom was the cupboard under the stairs. After the incident with my hair, they locked my inside for three days without food, after uncle Vernon had punished me of course" Tonks cursed. She had no idea how they had gotten to the subject, but it was very clear to her at that moment that Harry's treatment with his relatives had been a lot worse than the order had expected. Since Tonks didn't say anything, Harry did "So I know to a certain extent that this can be a curse. I quickly learned how to control it completely, since the repercussions were always very grave... I was looking at you in envy Tonks" You could hear a pin drop in the room, while Tonks looked at the young man in front of her in a different light. Eventually, under the gazing look of Tonks, Harry sagged against the wall and said "I don't have a problem with you, you just remind me of the punishments I got for doing what you do, but on the other hand I'm also fascinated by the amount of change you can do" and his eyes were downcast to the ground. Tonks didn't know what do to except giving him some comfort by sitting next to him and wrapping her arm over his shoulders. They sat there for a long while until Tonks had to ask, afraid for the answer "What did your uncle do to you" A tear rolled down from Harry's cheek. Instead of answering, he pulled off his t-shirt and concentrated on the base form for his trunk. A gasp escaped from Tonks' mouth, when she saw the many scars on his body, not leaving much normal skin untouched. The sight that made her heart break the most were the red welts in different stages of the healing process, that stood out between the scars. She slowly got up and rummaged through one of her dresser draws, got something out of it, before she went to sit again next to Harry. She unscrewed the lid of the pot of salve, took a bit on her hand and carefully applied it to the wounds. Harry had first flinched involuntarily at the touch, but then he could feel the relieve almost immediately. The fading in the pain of his back made Harry relax a bit. "Thank you, that had been hurting for a while now" Harry admitted. "Why did you never told anyone?" Tonks asked him softly. Harry gave a sarcastic chuckle "I once told my primary teacher, the only consequence was my uncle finding out and the repercussions made it sure that I wouldn't tell anyone else. It's better now though" Tonks growled "How bad has it been if you say that it's better now?" "I'm not sure if you're up to knowing how bad it really was" Harry explained. "I would like to understand" Tonks almost begged. Harry nodded "If you're sure, but I'm not sure if I can tell you about it" "If you want, I can perform Legilimency on you, that is entering your mind and going through your memories" Tonks suggested. Harry shrugged, at that point, he didn't really care anymore, he was too relieved to have someone listening to him for a change. "Go ahead" Before Tonks did, she closed the door of the room with a few spells and warded it too. Then she looked him straight in the eyes and performed the spell. She appeared in Harry's mind, but was surprised when she was joined by a projection of Harry. "How did you do that? Entering your own mind like that?" Tonks questioned. "You'll see when I started doing so" Harry cryptically answered. Harry then led her to the doors that were locked away as best as he could and the farthest in his mind. Opening them, he directed Tonks through his childhood memories with the Dursleys. Tonks didn't say anything, while she watched the abuse play out in front of her eyes. Standing there in silence, tears running down her face, was all she could do to compose herself and not to start vomiting or wanting to punch the memories of Harry's relatives. She had also seen the point that Harry started to retreat himself into his own mind when the pain was starting to be too much and the need to do so, to escape the pain a little bit. The blood in Harry's face had drained too, so after he had shown Tonks his worst memories, he led her to his fondest memories. His first time seeing Diagon Alley, flying a broom and one of the memories was surprisingly Tonks that changed her appearances at Grimmaulds Place. "Why is that one of your better memories?" Tonks asked him. Harry laughed a little "It might make me a bit jealous, but it also made me realize I'm not the only metamorphmagus, I quite like that, at least one thing I'm not alone in" After they were done watching some more of his memories Tonks said "If you want, we can try something. I want you to know about my past since it only seems fair after you showed me your memories" "I don't want to intrude" "Harry, we are talking in your mind as we speak, which pretty much says I'm intruding your private space. So if you want I will show you my memories, the reason I'm so bitter towards men and their morphing requests. You don't have too, but… " she didn't finish her sentence. She knew it would be nice to have someone that knew about her full past, but she didn't really want to burden him more. Harry observed her for a moment and saw this need, so he nodded .Tonks told him to try and follow her presence while she went back to her own mind. She even grabbed his hand to aid in this fact and was surprised at the safe feeling it gave her. Emboldened by this, they managed to jump to her mind. "Wow, that was weird" Tonks said, while she pulled Harry behind her in her own mind. "This whole experience is weird for me" Harry admitted. Tonks understood, so she stood still for a moment and warned Harry "I'll show you my memories that are locked up. They aren't as bad as yours, but they were definitely defining" They went to the locked door and Tonks showed him how her first years at Hogwarts were quite normal and fun, but the moment guys started to get interested in girls, it went downhill. It started with the request to pose as someone else, or change her appearance to the likings of her dates. It showed how Hogwarts started to spread rumors