Hey wolf girls, I'm back, this time with The Alpha and His Luna, the Jacob Twilight The Beginning's sequel. First of all, I want to thank to Ladyofspain for her continued support as my Beta, and second, I want to thank to Lylly Black, who wrote the Summary, and she also will help me in some future chapters. Girls, you are great. This sequel is the second part of my story; the whole story has 3 parts. Writing this story has been a dream come true, I hope you enjoy my story, like I enjoyed writing each chapter. I know some of you have been waiting for my sequel, so I leave you with the first chapter. Summary by Lylly Black: The Alpha and His Luna: Sequel to Jacob's Twilight The Beginning. Now that Bella knows Jacob's secret and she has accepted his wolf, he seems stuck on cloud nine! And while their relationship blossoms profoundly, the bond that ties them grew stronger than ever. As Edward comes back to Forks with Lauren's coven, with a single idea in mind; to make Bella his. Jacob finally become as the leader of his pack, accepting his destiny. Faced with threat, new alliances are formed and Bella is forced to make the hardest decision of her life. The Alpha and his Luna Chapter One: Knowing my Wolf (Bella's POV) When Jake came out, I decided to lie down, not wanting to stand when he arrived, my body betrayed me tonight more than once and I didn't want to risk it. Everything that had happened this day and in particular this evening was overwhelming; the emotions I experienced were too intense. But what had passed between Jake and me … I think it was glorious; he had kissed me on my neck and collarbone and I felt like the tip of his tongue tasted my skin. My heart jumped, and I sensed Jake's heart quickening in his chest; his breathing shallow and fast. It was the most delicious sensation, feeling him like that. His hands slowly moved down and caressed my back before his arms wrapped around my waist. He squeezed me gently against him, while still tasting my skin. His lips on my skin sent sparks up and down my body, before settling in my hips. I shuddered completely; my body trembled with pleasure. And in those places he tasted me with his tongue, goose bumps appeared, but we both knew it wasn't from the cold. All I could focus on was how his body felt so good pressed against mine. My hands moved with a will of their own. Little by little, my fingers trailed along his neck, and ran along his perfect shoulders, then I took his hair in my fists. I didn't know if I wanted him to stop, or if I was even able to. Jake had told me that he hadn't the strength to stop this sweet torture. But suddenly he did stop and said he had to stop now, or he wouldn't be able to contain himself from doing things that he, with all his heart, wanted to do with me. Oh God! How could he tell me these things! Did he want to drive me crazy? I went to bed, and didn't hear when Jake arrived. Early the next morning, I woke up and heard my dad's voice in the house; he and Billy were going fishing, and Jake was awake, talking to them. I tried to sharpen my ears and I heard some of their conversation, since apparently it was about me. "Quiet, Charlie, you and I already talked about this, you have nothing to worry about. You know I'll take care of her, guard her with my life if I have to." "I know you will, Son," my dad replied. "And I see how things are between you; you're not pressing her and I like that a lot. You're doing well, Jake; but remember what I once said to you. Bella is my daughter... so don't disappoint me, because I won't take it lightly if you hurt her." "Never, Charlie, I swear. Also... anyway, there is something I need to talk to you about, but I don't want to touch that subject with Bella here in the house, I prefer it to be between just you and me." "Okay, a conversation—man to man," my dad replied. "Well, whenever you want, you know where to reach me." Billy began to hurry my dad, since they were going out soon for their fishing day. Before they left, I got up to greet them. Jake took me in his arms and gave me those bear hugs, wrapping me with his heat. My dad was watching us closely, studying us; me first, and then Jake. But after a minute Charlie relaxed, smiled, and said goodbye to us like Billy. Jake had prepared breakfast, so I quickly went to bathe and change clothes. At breakfast, I said to him that I wanted to spend the entire day alone with him, because in the afternoon I had to return to Forks with my dad. Jacob gave me that beautiful smile of his. "Bells, that's what I want to do today, spend all day alone with you. Now I feel completely free, because I have nothing to hide from you. On the contrary, I have a lot to tell you, and I'll answer any questions you have. I want you to know everything about me; after all, that's the way it should be—no more secrets between us." I was happy, because now he could clarify any doubts I had about occurrences that had happened since I arrived in Forks. "Jake, I have so many questions ... I don't want to sound inappropriate, but I want to know everything about you. There are so many situations that have occurred so far that have been incomprehensible, or paradoxical, but I think now I can find an explanation for all of them. After breakfast, can we go out somewhere this side of the reservation? I really like this place, the woods ... everything ... it's like being home." Jake looked at me excitedly, his eyes sparkled and smiled with that smile that melted me. I asked, "What? Why are you looking at me like that?" "Bells ... I'm so happy you feel at home here on the reservation," he told me. Jacob stood up, approached me, picked me up and sat me on his lap. I think I was becoming more and more accustomed to this contact with him, and in his arms I felt at home. I didn't deprive myself of telling him, although I felt like my cheeks burned with shame. "Jake, I've become so used to being in your arms. If you keep it up, it'll be hard for me to leave this afternoon. Being in your arms, gives me a sense of security and protection as I've never felt before." He stood very still. I could feel his lips brush my hair to kiss it, and his heart beating fast. He held me tightly in his arms, as if our bodies were one. We stayed like that for a few minutes, but then he told me, "Bells"—his voice was very excited. "You have no idea what you do to me, do you? You're too desirable for your own good. No, honey ... you have no idea how you make me feel." He lifted my chin to look him in the eyes. His gaze seemed to reach into my soul. He conveyed many emotions with his eyes that made me blush profusely and I was unable to continue holding his gaze with mine. "We better get out of here ... I'm taking you to a place I want you to know about, so we can enjoy our time together." I began to get off his lap, though he wouldn't let go completely; he still had me firmly by the waist. I asked him, "Jake ... have you heard from Angela or Embry?" He smiled and said, "I only know that Embry is happy. Last night when I left I met him, I knew Angela accepted Embry's wolf." We smiled, very happy for the both of them. I imagined what might have happened between Ang and Embry, and I was excited for my friend who has had feelings for Embry for a very long time. We got everything settled in the house then left. I thought we'd go in his car, or finally on his bike, but Jake had a surprise for me. "Bella, want to go riding?." he asked. "A horse?", You have horses around here?" Jake smiled and said, "No, I'll be the horse … for you. Please don't panic, you know I won't hurt or allow anything to happen to you." "Okay," I agreed. "But how are we going to do that?" "I'll go into the woods and phase, and then come back for you. Wait a minute, I'll be right back. I stood very still waiting for Jake to return, back to the place he had just left. Suddenly, while I was deep in thought, the huge russet wolf appeared before my eyes. I stood before him trembling a little, and greeted him in a voice that also trembled, but not from fear. Jake as a wolf was awesome, his legs were bigger than my hand, and his eyes were level with mine. I realized that he too was studying my expression; he didn't want me to be afraid. "Well, how do we do this?" I asked, breathless. He sat down near my head and gestured towards his back. I approached him, took a deep breath and stretched out my hand hesitantly to touch him. I couldn't stop shaking. But Jake realized this, and touched my cheek unexpectedly, playfully with his nose. His displays of affection made me feel more at ease, and I immediately relaxed. Mentally, I said to myself: Nothing to worry about, just my Jake, he would never hurt me. Gradually, I began to run my hands down his back; his fur was so smooth and thick. "It's so thick," I said in awe. "You're beautiful," I said almost in a whisper. He immediately looked at me. Stay calm Bella, friends could tell each other that they are beautiful; it happens all the time. It's no big deal to say that. The expression on his wolf face was such that, had he been in his human form, it would be a smile from ear to ear. I climbed up on his back and held on firmly to his fur. "Please don't go too fast, because I don't know if I can make it if you go very fast," I informed him. He just nodded his head in understanding. He took me to the edge of the woods and went into it. That part of the reservation was beautiful. I never thought so breathtaking natural sites existed. It would be wonderful to live in a place like this. I never before thought this way, but every time I came here, I felt a stronger desire to live here, surrounded by the forests of La Push. We kept moving ahead into the forest, but I was getting tired of pressing my legs into his side to keep from falling. He began to move more slowly and suddenly among the trees, appearing before our eyes, was a beautiful lake surrounded by lush vegetation. We reached the shore; he stopped, bent down and I got off of him. When I got off of my friend, he began to walk away. I called and asked where he was going; he showed me something tied to his leg and I realized he was carrying his clothes on his left leg tied with a string of fine leather. But I still wanted to be with him in his wolf form. "Jake, wait," I called out to him. "Can you stay a