Disclaimer: Any recognizable characters or places from this story sadly belong to our beloved J.K. Rowling , not to me. Warning: Contains light slash in later chapters. Chapter One - The Story Begins In an office in a school far up north in Scotland, a lone figure sat at a desk, writing down information from the teachers about their students. Periodically, he would pause in his writing, to dip is quill into an inkpot on the table above the parchment he was writing on. Suddenly, three alarms went off in the office, one after the other. The man's head snapped up and he looked around frantically, looking for the sources of the alarms. When they were located, he visibly paled, before he got up and walked over to the fireplace. On the mantel were four trinkets, three of them screaming out their warnings. The wards at the house they were connected to had fallen, and the parents of the boy living in the house were dead. The man noted with relief that the fourth alarm stayed silent, though the others had gone off. In the middle of the mantel was a bowl with green powder. The man took a handful, before he threw it in the fire. The flames turned green and he stuck his head into the fire where he called out a single name. "Sirius Black!" In a house in London, a chime could be heard through the spacious flat, coming from the fireplace, before an urgent voice called out. "Sirius Black!" Sirius came running from the kitchen and knelt on the rug on the floor in front of the head floating in the flames. "What is it, Headmaster?" "Something has happened to the Potters, I'm afraid. Come through to my office in half an hour, my boy. I'm afraid you're going to be needed. Come through the Floo Network, I'll leave the connection to my fireplace open for you, my boy." Sirius flinched away, before saying in a shaky voice, "I'll be there, Headmaster. I'll get my things together, then Floo through when you're ready." As Sirius pulled back from the fireplace, his thoughts were running wild. What could have happened to his friends? He hoped it wasn't anything too serious, though the cold dread he felt in the pit of his stomach told him it was nothing good. The time drew near to leave, so Sirius walked around in his flat, finding his wand and cloak, then went to gather some of his Hit Wizard gear, just in case. He then went back to the fireplace, took a pinch of Floo Powder and threw it in and stepped into the flames. "Headmaster Dumbledore's office!" was called out, loud and clear, and with that, Sirius Black disappeared in a ball of green flames. Meanwhile, in Headmaster Dumbledore's office, the old man had a visitor in his office. "Severus, my boy, what can I do for you?" "I thought I should tell you that something has happened. Earlier tonight, I felt a searing pain in my mark, which then started fading. It is almost entirely gone now, just a faint grey outline on my arm." "That does explain quite a bit, Severus. I'm afraid I have some bad news, and a plea for your help." "What can I do for you, Headmaster?" "The Potters were attacked tonight. Just as expected, as soon as he deemed it safe enough, Pettigrew ran to Tom with his information, and told them where the Potters were living. Tom went to their place in Godric's Hollow tonight and killed both James and Lily. Little Harry survived the attack, though, and, according to the prophecy, he'll be the one to vanquish the Dark Lord. Tonight has proved the prophecy to be true. Since your mark has started fading, I can only assume that he managed to fulfill part of that prophecy tonight. However, Tom will be back. He's not completely gone, yet. How he managed to do that, I do not know, but he did. "According to James's and Lily's wills, Sirius will get custody of Harry. I cannot allow that to happen. Harry will need to be raised in a way that will allow us to have a considerable amount of power over him when he's older, make him trust us enough to want to do what we need him to do, which is to sacrifice himself in the fight against Voldemort." "And how will you go about doing that, Headmaster?" "I'm going to send Sirius after Peter, and then frame Sirius for James's and Lily's death by telling everyone he was the Secret Keeper, not Peter. I will send Hagrid to Godric's Hollow to collect Harry and tell him to bring him here, where it's safe." "That seems like a good plan, Headmaster. It should certainly work, what with Black's incurable Gryffindor behavior." With that, Severus Snape turned around and quickly left Dumbledore's office, robes billowing behind him. Walking quickly, he went down to the entrance hall and found an empty classroom. Out of his robes, he pulled one of the spare glass vials that he always carried with him, put his wand to his temple and pulled a memory from his head which he then deposited into the vial. When Sirius appeared in Headmaster Dumbledore's office, he saw another man there. He was big and tall, bigger than any normal man, with a head of brown, bushy hair and an equally bushy beard. "Hey, Hagrid. What's going on, Headmaster?" he said, when he had stepped out of the fireplace and dusted himself off. "I'm afraid I have grave news, Sirius. Something has happened at the Potter's house. I'm afraid, Sirius, that Peter has betrayed you all. The wards have fallen." "W-what!?" "Young Harry is still alive, but I'm afraid both Lily and James are gone, Sirius. I have alarms connected to all of them and their house. All but Harry's went off. Hagrid, I want you to go to the house in Godric's Hollow and take care of Harry, I'll meet you there in a little while to check on him and bring him here for the time being. See what you can salvage from the house for Harry, gather the things you can, and I'll meet you there. We need to get Harry to safety." "A´righ´, Mr. Dumbledore, sir. But how will I get there?" "Hagrid, I left my motorbike here the last time I was here. I want you to take it to Godric's Hollow, there's a side car on it where you can put Harry. He's used to riding on it with me." "I'll do tha', Sirius," Hagrid said, then left the office to go find the bike. "Sirius, I want you to go find Peter. Don't let him suspect you know what he's done, just get him somewhere safe so we can figure out what happened. I'll send some Aurors after you so we can catch him. I'll take care of Harry until you have found Peter, then bring him to you when it's safe." "Are you sure that's a good idea, Headmaster? Shouldn't I be there with Hagrid, to take care of Harry? Harry knows me, is used to me, but he doesn't know Hagrid very well." "Everything will be just fine, my boy, just fine," Dumbledore said, with a little twinkle in his blue eyes. Everything was going to plan now. Finally, everything was as it should be. The Potters were out of the way, and he could get control of the boy. He just had to keep Sirius from getting to Harry and make sure to keep him out of the way. It wouldn't do to have the Savior of the Wizarding World growing up with Sirius Black, the Heir to one of the darkest Wizarding Families in their World, no matter that the man had been a Gryffindor. The boy would grow up entirely too spoiled and independent for his liking., and that would make it a lot harder than it needed to be to make the boy do what was needed. It was all for The Greater Good. Sirius ran through the school as fast as he could. He needed to reach the gates to be able to apparate away because of the anti-apparition wards on the castle. He couldn't understand why Dumbledore wanted him to go after Peter, though. Why would he ask him to do that? Why not contact the Aurors and have an official investigation? Yes, Sirius was a Hit Wizard, but it couldn't be a good idea to send him in alone and unprepared, no matter how successful he was at his job. Something just wasn't adding up. His instincts were screaming at him to not obey Dumbledore, to go straight to Godric's Hollow to check on Harry. He wanted to see for himself that he was alright. Lily and James had, after all, asked him to be Godfather and to take care of Harry if anything happened to them. When he reached the entrance hall, he stopped dead in his tracks, though. In front of the big double doors stood a man, blocking his way. "What do you want, Snape?" he almost spat out. "I'm in a hurry, you need to move. Now." "I can't believe I'm about to do this, but you need to come with me. You still have some time, it will take Hagrid at least an hour to reach Godric's Hollow from here." "He has my bike, so no more than forty minute, I think, since he can fly in a mostly straight line." "Alright then, forty minutes. That still gives us some time. I have something I need to show you." "What are you up to, Snape? I don't have time for your games right now. I need to get going. How do you know where Hagrid's going, anyway?" "We'll get to that, but you need to come with me. I have a memory I need to show you. I'm afraid Dumbledore has finally gone insane, and you need to be prepared." Severus started walking towards a door on the far wall, and after a bit of deliberation, Sirius followed. Hopefully, this would be quick. He needed to get to Harry. As they entered the empty room, Severus transfigured one of the chairs in there into a pensieve, poured his memory from the vial, then gestured towards it, indicating that Sirius should take a look. "Hurry up, Black. You're wasting time," he sneered when Sirius hesitated. "Time you do not have." With a deep breath, Sirius walked towards the pensieve, bent down and dipped his face into the liquid floating there, before he was pulled into the memory. He was horrified at what he saw there. He couldn't believe it. Dumbledore was planning to have him framed for murder, get him thrown in Azkaban! His mentor and friends had betrayed them all, and for what? To get control of Harry? His anger took root, and started to simmer at a slow boil. He would not stand for that happening. He was not going to let Dumbledore ruin everything even more than he already had. He was going to take Harry far away from there, raise him away from Dumbledore, where they wouldn't be found. A vague plan started to form in his mind. The first thing he had to do, though, was get Harry from his house, then contact Moony. As he came out of the memory, he turned to Severus. "That cannot be allowed to happen, Snape. You have my thanks for showing me this, but can I take it with me to show to Remus? I think I'll need it to convince him of what is going on." "Of course you can, that's why I have it in the vial," Snape said, as he gathered the memory back up into the vial he held in his hands, then held the now closed vial towards Sirius. "As much as it horrifies