Hello again.. :) So, this is the story which I donated for Fandom for Animals (F4A). One shot, but I do have plan to extend it...I just didn't have the time to write it yet. Better keep this one to your alert so you'll get notif when I update. Thanks to Chandrakanta for beta'ing and for the lovely banner :) Because of Jake She's here again! Since I moved to my new apartment two months ago, I always saw her here. I never knew her name, not that I wanted to know, but her entourage is somehow so intimidating. If her entourage was a man, I'd still have balls to approach her and introduce myself, or maybe ask for her phone number. But, no…her entourage is not a man, it's not even a human. Her entourage is a Siberian dog and big enough to knock me down if it wanted to. I wondered how big her apartment was so that dog could fit inside her place. And by the times I saw her here, in a laundromat, I assumed her apartment didn't have one, just like mine. She usually came here on Wednesday and Sunday, while I came to this place more often than her. Being a financial analyst in a high class company constrained me to always have fresh clothes. From her appearance, I could tell she's probably around my 26 years of age, or maybe younger. She's shorter than me with brown hair, brown eyes (I caught a glimpse of her eyes one day), and pale skin. She's quite lovely and there was something about her that made me peaceful. Seeing her in this place is like refreshing air for me. I like how she talked to her dog, how she pulled her iPhone out and put the ear-buds to her ears, how she opened her book and started reading before the timer was out. I watched her with fascination and I guessed her dog knew I had interest in his owner, as he gave me a scowl when she didn't pay attention. This afternoon was no different. I was hoping to come home early, go to the laundromat and then return home to catch up some sleep, but then I remembered it was Wednesday, so I would probably see her. After changing my clothes, I took my backpack and went to my destination. When I arrived, there were two other people waiting for their laundry. I approached one vacant machine and started to load my laundry before I heard the door open. She came in with a huge backpack, and on her other hand she held the chain for the dog. After setting down her pack, she pulled out a ball and said, "Go get it, Jake." She threw the ball and the dog started to chase it. The ball bounced around the room and I shook my head slightly before returning to load my laundry. Moments later, I felt something on my feet and looked down to see a ball near my left foot. I furrowed my eyebrows and took the ball. It wasn't long until I heard a growl near me and I saw the dog-or what was it's name…Jake-stood a few inches in front of me. He (well, Jake is a male name, so I assumed it's a male) bared his teeth while I looked at him, the ball in my hand. "Jake, stop it!" The growl stopped and I looked over to the voice. She stood with her hands on her hips and scowled back at the dog. I suppressed the urge to laugh when I saw Jake lower his body to the ground. She looked back at me sheepishly. "I'm sorry. He always acts like that when he sees new people, especially men. I think he doesn't like being around human male." I'm guessing right. The dog is male. I cleared my throat and gave her the ball. "No, it's ok. I can understand that. He probably feels very protective of you." I glanced slightly to Jake and he was just staring at me, like he wanted to know why I defended him. She took the ball and smiled. My heart did something funny after that. She extended her hand. "I'm Bella Swan. Nice to meet you." Ah, finally, I knew her name. I smiled and shook her small hand. "I'm Edward Cullen. Nice to meet you too." "I've seen you often." "Yeah, me too." "It's funny we just now introduced each other." "Likewise." I smiled and she blushed. I instantly loved that. "Do you live near here?" I nodded, mesmerized by her brown eyes. They're more beautiful if you can look straight into them. "Yes, about two blocks from here." She nodded too. "I live three blocks from here. Nice to meet you, neighbor." We laughed together and then her timer went off. We looked at each other awkwardly and then she walked to her machine with Jake in tow. Her laundry was finished and she loaded her clothes into her backpack. When my timer went off, she said goodbye to me and walked out of the room with Jake. I watched her walk away until she was out of my sight. And I unconsciously smiled. At least I knew her name. ~boj~ On Sunday, I met her again, with no awkward moments this time. We easily greeted each other and chatted, as long as our timers were still on. Jake, although still growling, was a little nicer to me. Perhaps he knew his owner was there and he knew he had to behave or he would sleep outside. After the timer went off, we said goodbye and left to return to our homes. Two weeks after our first encounter, I saw her walk into the Laundromat without Jake. I was getting used to seeing her with Jake (and being around him, of course), so seeing her alone was just weird. "Where's Jake?" I asked her when she put her laundry into the machine while I was waiting for my timer. Bella sighed. "He's sick. I put him in animal care two days ago." Her sad eyes made my heart clench. "Is he going to be ok?" I asked again. She looked at me, a slight smirk tugging on her lips. "You worry about him? I thought you didn't like him much." I grimaced. "Well, I can tell he doesn't like me, but you said he's always like that around men. He probably doesn't approve men being around you to become your boyfriend." Bella smiled wistfully and her eyes turned dreamy. For a moment, we just stared at each other before she cleared her throat and looked back to the machine. "In that case, Jake has to learn that there will be a man next to me someday." My body felt strange when she said that. My male ego wanted to be that man, but I knew it was a moot point if I couldn't make Jake like me. I sat on the bench across from the machines. "You both are very close. Did you adopt Jake from an animal shelter or something like that?" She stopped what she was doing and looked at me before she set her timer and sat next to me. "Actually, it's my dad who brought Jake to our home when I was 14 years old." Oh yeah, I'd heard a little bit about her parents who lived in a small town, Forks. "My dad found him when he was on patrol," she went on. "Jake, I think, was abandoned by his former owner. He was dying next to a garbage can. And he was just a puppy." Her voice was shaking and then Bella sniffed a little. I instinctively held her hand and prayed she didn't consider me too bold. But, she didn't flinch and clutched my hand instead. "I don't understand how someone can do that," she said in low voice. I squeezed her hand a little. "Not all of us are kind, Bella. Jake is lucky to have you. I can see he's devoted to you too." Bella sniffed again and brushed away her tears. I wanted to do that, but I guess that was too forward. She raised her head and smiled timidly at me. "Thank you, Edward. You're the first person who I told about Jake." I raised my eyebrows. "Really?" Bella laughed lightly. "Yeah, before that, most of them were never getting an inch near me." Good dog, Jake! The sound of my timer was heard and I sighed dejectedly. I rose from the bench and started to pull my laundry out from the machine. Neither of us said anything; only the sound of Bella's machine accompanied us. When I finished putting my clothes into my backpack, I looked over to Bella and saw her smile sadly. I pursed my lips. "Do you want to have a coffee with me?" I blurted out. Bella blinked. "Excuse me?" I ran my hand through my hair nervously. "Uh…just having some fresh air. You look so stressed earlier. Maybe a cup of coffee can make you feel better." Great excuse, at least for me. Actually, I wanted to ask her out, but Jake was always in tow. And I don't think the diner allowed dogs to come in. She didn't say a thing and I cursed momentarily for that. Brilliant! She'd probably say no. Seconds later, she smiled and her timer went off. "Let me get my clothes first and then we can go." I blinked and slowly smiled back. I waited for her to pull out her clothes from the machine and put them into her backpack before we went for a coffee together. The first time I got the chance to know her was because of Jake and now, because of Jake too, I got the chance to ask her out. ~boj~ On Wednesday, I saw Bella again and this time she was with Jake. He looked healthy, although he didn't look strong enough. "Hello, Jake. Are you feeling well? Bella said you were sick," I greeted the dog, and he replied with two barks. That was nice; I finally got a response from him. And it's more than growling. Bella giggled. "I think he's beginning to like you." I grinned. I hoped so too. The next Sunday was the same; this time we took Jake to the diner with us. It looked like he was accepting me to stay around his owner, and maybe to become his owner's boyfriend. Our relationship was still around meeting at the laundromat, with the exception of the time when Jake was sick. I knew I had to get Jake to like me before I could go visit Bella at her apartment. And now I sounded like a crazy person, getting approval from a dog. But, I understood Jake was with Bella since he was a puppy, so I had to respect their relationship. I also knew Bella better, although not as much as I'd like. I knew she worked as a junior editor in a publishing company, and about her family. I told her a bit about my job and my family too, including my sister, Alice, who I was sure, would be happy to meet Bella. On Wednesday, I was eager to see Bella, and I felt disappointment when she didn't show. Over the next few days, I tried very hard to concentrate on my job, but it didn't really work either. I was still thinking about Bella. Why wasn't she there? Did something happen to her? When Sunday came, I had high expectations to see her, but she wasn't there again and that made me worried. Should I go to her place? She said in our first conversation that her apartment was three blocks from here, and she knew where I lived, so if anything happened she could ask for my help, right? I texted her once, asking how she was doing,