All recognizable characters and Twilight are the property of Stephanie Meyers. Warning: Trigger warning: This story will deal with some very difficult and sensitive subject matters. I will try and approach them in a delicate manor. Bella has dissociative Identity Disorder. There will be references concerning drugs, alcohol, self-harm, childhood abuse, sexual, emotional and physical. There will be a polyamory relationship between Bella, OOC / Jasper / Paul. There will also be M/M slash in this story. I'm tired of feeling like I'm fucking crazy I'm tired of driving 'til I see stars in my eyes It's all I've got to keep myself sane, baby So I just ride, I just ride ~ Lana Del Rey Bella POV Sitting in my back yard on the grass, I dig my fingers into the hard crest of the earth as the grass kisses the palms of my hands. Leaning my head towards the sun, arching my back, I take in a deep breath, letting my bare feet sink into the grass. the Arizona heat blisters against my flesh. I'm trying to take in as much heat as I can, because I lose it all next week. I feel a warm tear roll down my cheek, a gasp parts from my parched lips. There are so many thoughts in my mind, so much pain seeping through my heart and soul. I can sense past memory's stirring in my head, and somehow I am able to block the thoughts. I still feel the echoes of pain from my past haunting my subconscious. Sitting up I reach for my glass pipe, I pack a bowl of weed, bringing the smooth glass to my lips, I light the herb, inhaling deeply. The relaxing effects calms my nerves. I've been worried about next week I will have to put on the persona of the good girl, the police chief's daughter. I have to be sweet and innocent. I can't let anyone see how broken I truly am. I am looking forward to seeing my father again. I love the man dearly even though it's been years since I have seen him. I have talked to him over the phone but it's not the same as seeing him. I always Wondered how he could let me go so easily. I wonder if his choices would have been different if he knew what I have been through all of these years. Then I wonder if he is like every other man my mother has lived with, pieces of jack ass shits who have taken advantage of us both. Now my mother has found another douche bag to live with and I refuse to stay and see what happens. Something inside me is driving me away from this place, away from the hell I have endured. It's like something or someone is calling me, hypnotizing me into a new existence. The world around me begins to fade and blur, darkness over takes me. I feel so lost, I try to claw myself back into my reality, and I wonder how much time I will lose this time. I can hear the thumpa thumpa of music, the vibration of the base shakes through my veins. My body sways to the music, warm masculine hands caress the bare flesh of my arms, there is an unfamiliar heat growing between my thighs. I have no control of my own body. I feel myself moving but I am not the one moving it. I am on the inside looking out. I feel frightened and yet free. Ian / Bella POV I feel the handsome specimen behind me grinding his hard cock against my ass. Turning around I grind my hardness against his. The man's head tilts back, moaning in pleasure. Our bodies move together with the beat of the music. I look around the dance club and my cock throbs in anticipation. I feel a smirk cross my lips as I watch all the half-naked men practically fucking on the dance floor. Wrapping my hand around the back of his neck, I pull his head down towards mine and kiss him roughly. The heat of his moist tongue rubs against mine, our hot breaths mingle together as our moans escapes our lips. Pulling back from the kiss, I lean into his ear and in a breathy lust filled voice I tell him; "I'm going to take you into the back room and fuck you with my 9-inch cock." Lust filled eyes look back into mine. I take his hand and lead him in the back room. Forcefully I push him up against a wall. The man laughs lightly then leans in and says, "my names Rodney." I smirk at him, "I don't exchange names." I spin him around, he takes down his pants as I unzip mine, bending him over I align my hard cock against him and enter his sweet hole gently, and then fuck his brains out. His moans filled my ego. When I'm done I zipped up my pants and walked out of the club. The closer I get to my home I feel dread seeping into my heart and soul. I hate this place and my Junkie lush of a mother. I can't wait to move away from this fucking cunt, she has only caused me pain and strife. Living with her has been pure hell. When I walk in the house I hear my mother and her new boyfriend fucking. Walking past the living room I see them going at it. They don't even fucking care if I see them. I look on the coffee table and see the white powdered lines remaining on a small mirror, fucking figures. Quickly I rush to my bedroom before the tears well up in my eyes. I slam the door behind me hard, locking it. Walking towards my wooden dresser I lean against it, looking at myself in the mirror, hollow brown eyes stare back at me. I can see my own masculine and feminine features. I take off my beanie cap that's hiding my lush brown hair. I hit the dresser hard with my fist and I can feel the throbbing pain in my hand, my anger and frustration is boiling up inside of me. It's difficult for me to live inside a female body. My beautiful host does not even know I am here, but I sense that her eyes are slowly opening to myself and the others who live inside her. We are all struggling with our past and doing the best we can to heal our broken hearts. Next week our lives are going to change forever and that scares the shit out of me. Taking off my shirt, I unwrap my bound breast. Looking into the mirror I let the tears run down my face freely, as a painful gasp parts my lips. Taking off my jeans I wrap my hand around my dildo, stroking it several times, wishing it was real. Taking the strap on harness off, I feel like a part of me is missing. Standing in front of the mirror I do not even recognizing myself. Slowly I crawl into bed naked, laying my head against my pillow, crying myself to sleep. Bella's / Ian's dream The cool breeze kisses my cheeks as the motorcycle hums underneath me. I feel a smile spread across my lips as I hold on tight to the man in front of me, I feel free. His body chills me to the bone and yet I find it so comforting. I nuzzle my face into his neck, he laughs pulling over to the side of the road. Turning off the bike, the man turns around and I am pulled into his honey gold eyes. Gently he cups my cheek with his hand. I see humor dancing in his eyes as he huskily whispers my name before he leans down, and kisses me passionately. Even in my unconscious state of mind, I know this man will change my life. He has been in my dreams since I was a small child and the dreams have become more vivid over time. I know he'll come into my life when I least expect it, he will be my whole world. I part my lips from his and I take in my surroundings, we are sitting at the side of the road in the forest. Gently he caresses my scarred arms and I feel no judgment from him. I look past him and I look deep into the shadows of the trees. Even though I have the knowledge that this man is my whole world, I feel something or someone is missing. In that moment I hear a wolf howling in agony, there is an ache in my chest I am unable to explain. Jaspers POV The full moon shines brightly over the long stretch of road ahead of me as the cool breeze hits my face. My Harley roars underneath me and I love the vibration of my bike. Being on the road like this, speeding without a care in the world, is the only time I truly feel free or have a small glimpse of what it would be like to be human. During these times in my life nothing else exists, just the freedom of the ride. Except for tonight this ride is different. I'm on my way to Phoenix Arizona before I make my way back home to Forks, after being away for three months. I know my family misses me and I them, but it's difficult being a single man living in a home with three mated couples. I have been staying with Peter and his mate Charlotte the last few months. I would still be there if Peters; I just know shit clock did not go off. I have learned not to question him; he is always right when it comes to just knowing shit. What he told me tonight left me feeling haunted and intrigued. I'll admit only to myself, slightly scared. Flash back I'm lying on my bed reading a book when I heard a light knock on the door. Instantly I could feel that Peter's emotions were all over the place he was sad, happy, excited, grieving and very hesitant all at the same time. I closed my book, sat up and called out "Come on in." When Peter walked through the door his usual smart ass smirk was off his face. I have not seen him look this serious, since the southern wars. I tilted my head in concern and asked, "is everything okay?" He closed his eyes taking a deep breath, he then looks me directly in the eye. " can we talk?" "Sure." I scooted over on the bed so he can sit down next to me. " what's up?" Peter sat down putting his head in his hands, he shook ever so slightly and I heard a dry sob part from his lips. Without any hesitation I wrapped my arm around him and cradled his head to my chest. "Peter what the hell is going on? You're fucking scaring me." He pulled away from my embrace and looks at me intensely. " trust me when I say, I'm scaring myself as well. This is honestly one of the most difficult things I have ever had to say to you." He pauses for a moment and he looks totally and completely depleted, and then he lets out a sigh of frustration. "It's time for you to go back home." I feel myself getting slightly angry. " what the fuck Peter?! You just told me two days ago that I am welcome here in your home and in your bed as long as I wish to stay here; and now your fucking kicking me out?! Is it Charlotte, is she mad at us, at our relationship?" He lets out a snarky laugh and smiled at me wickedly. " stop being a little