Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author of this story. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any previously copyrighted material. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: So I know that I haven't finished The Portrait yet and I do promise to get to it as soon as I'm able. However, this little thing has been plaguing me for months and I had to get it written. As in, it's already done. Huge thanks to Hufflepuffmommy for all your help even when I was pulling my hair out trying to make it right. You're the best huffletwin ever. This story is using an AU and Timeline and will not follow the direct timeline of the books/movies. WARNING: this story is going to be vastly different from my others as in, very dark and probably trigger-y (that's a new word. I made it up.) It will deal with mentions of, rape/non-con, torture, and other tough subjects. This isn't for the faint of heart. Please use your best judgement when reading. EDITED TO ADD: For those who have misread or not read this warning at all please note that this story will contain actions and mentions of rape. Please do not continue reading if this is detrimental to your mental health. Please read through the warning again before reading this and sending me a review stating my ignorance of something that has affected not only me but people I love. Thank you. Hermione couldn't breathe. The air was stuck in her lungs like glue, the pain radiating through her neck and her arm causing white spots in her vision and as Bellatrix held the knife to her neck the fight left her, her stores of adrenaline depleted as she let herself let go. It was over. Go she had told the boys. Run , she had screamed. And that's what they had done. While they ran through the thick mass of trees however, she had turned, running full hilt at the snatchers. She held them off, sending a shower of spells into their midst until she was sure they weren't going to get them, that they were safe; before she lowered her wand arm and let them grab her. "Wus yer name?" the man had asked as he held her by the hair. She had thought, her mind reeling until she said the only thing she could, "Hermione Granger." The pain intensified as Bellatrix pushed the knife even further still, "I said where is he?" she shrieked, her voice shrill and unyielding but this time it wasn't the press of the knife that gave Hermione pause. Because suddenly, every time someone had said their life had flashed before their eyes made sense as everything she had ever done wrong, every accomplishment she had, seemed to bloom forth in her mind like a fleeting rose and then it was gone. She laughed, only once, before she coughed out the air from her lungs, spittle of red blood flying across the witches face as she answered through gritted teeth, " Go to Hell. " The witch on top of her screamed, rearing her arm back as her fist connected with Hermione's face and everything went black. When next she woke she wasn't even sure if she was awake. Her eyes were so swollen shut she could hardly make out her surroundings. "Do you think she'll tell you anything?" a voice asked and it sounded familiar. Hermione tried to turn her head but the pain overwhelmed her and the rush of vomit up her throat gave her pause. "I don't know," the voice drawled, "But the Dark Lord commands and the Dark Lord receives." This voice was familiar and Hermione wanted to vomit without even moving as the shadow moved into her line of sight. Lucius Malfoy tutted, reaching out with probing fingers to brush her lips, "What a shame. Now you're outsides match your insides." She tried to move, to swear at him, but realized- too late- that someone had restrained her and she watched as the man before her leaned over, pulling down her pants too roughly. She could feel, although she couldn't see it all as he moved atop her. He leaned down, his pointy face near hers, "Let's give them a good show yes Granger? You tell me where Potter is, what he's doing, and I'll end this." She swallowed, tasting the tang of bile in her throat and blood on her tongue. He waited, voices murmuring in the background, before he finally leaned down once again, "Pity." And with that he shoved into her. She bit back a scream as he entered her roughly, unwilling to give him the satisfaction. His hands were on her then, his fingernails digging tightly into her breast, his fingers around her throat and he smiled down at her as she laid there, watching him silently through swollen eyelids until he cried out, emptying inside of her. He came back again later, though Hermione guessed it was the next day and this time his spectators were louder as someone again pinned her to the bed. He asked her again, this time twice, and when she refused he pried open her mouth and shoved himself inside until she gagged. He pulled out only to shove it back in until he forcefully came down her throat and she vomited on herself and, unable to move to clean herself up the sick dried in her hair. She spent the times that he wasn't there trying to remember the sound of Harry's laugh or the feel of Ron's breath on her cheek. She hoped, Godric she hoped, that they had made it; that they had figured out how to find the rest. That this would be over soon. Lucius grew impatient, his visits increasing in frequency. He often would come up with new ways to force himself upon her and would grow irate when she, in turn, refused to speak. That's when he began hitting her harder and sometimes she wasn't sure which was worse. She held steadfast, ignoring his touch and the crack of bones as he pummeled her in one way or another, until the fateful day. Lucius had been particularly unkind in his advances and she could feel the hot trail of blood and semen between her legs. The footsteps of their audience had retreated as Lucius demanded privacy to clean himself up, a luxury he didn't afford to her, but this time he did something different. He turned, grabbing the rag that he had used on himself and leaning down to place it between her legs and gently wipe the mess between them. "The Dark Lord is growing impatient I'm afraid," he said quietly, his hands working where Hermione couldn't see and her body tensed at the contact. "You're stronger than he gives you credit for a lesser witch would have broken long ago. But that's the rub isn't it? Because you're not a witch, not really. You're a mudblood and this is as much a punishment for me as it is for you. You'll have days, if my estimation is correct, before he decides you aren't worth the trouble anymore." Hermione clenched her jaw, biting hard on the end of her tongue and ignoring the blood that filled her mouth as she stared up at the man. "And really, you aren't. You've given us nothing and no matter what we'll have to dispose of you. A shame really," he tutted as he stood up and turned around to leave, tossing the rag on the floor somewhere before he looked over his shoulder, "but you're ruined now. Just as much as any of us. Even your precious Weasley won't want you now so I guess it's a favor really." And with that he was gone. And she cried. Because he was right. "Draco-" the voice was harsh in the darkness and he groaned as he threw his arm over his head. " Draco. " "What mother?" he sighed, exasperatedly. "Draco you must come with me," she said and Draco sat up, looking at her then, at the expression that marred her features. "Mother, what-" "No, there's no time. Get up," she commanded and Draco did as she said, sliding easily from his bed. She tossed a shirt and pants at him and he easily slid them on before he grabbed his wand from the night table and put it in his pocket, following his mother into the hallway. They walked in the dark, their footsteps muffled on the stone floors and Draco had to work hard to keep up with his mother. She stopped him only once, pushing him back and against the wall as a patrol crossed by. He frowned down at where she held his wrist, her fingers trembling against his skin until the death eaters passed by. "Quickly," she said, tugging him along with shaking hands until they reached the dungeon doors. Draco watched in confusion as she pulled her wand and murmured under her breath as Draco heard a thump from behind the door. She let go of him to open the heavy wooden door and he saw the man lying lifeless at the bottom of the steps. She nodded once and held the door open for her son, allowing him to pass. Together they walked down the steps until they came to the bottom and Draco glanced around. The cells were empty, the smell however was ever present and his stomach rolled in protest, his nose wrinkling in disgust. "Come," his mother commanded, stepping over the man on the floor without so much as a second glance. They walked down the hall until they came to the last cell and Draco felt his mouth gape as he looked at the body lying on the cot. She looked so different than how she had mere days before. Her hair was matted, her eyes swollen shut and blood was trickling from the corner of her mouth. "Here, now," his mother said as she opened the door to the cell and gestured inside. Draco stepped carefully towards the cot, noting the rise and fall of the woman's chest. "We have to go Drake," his mother said suddenly, her whisper harsh in the dark and Draco turned to look at her in surprise, "Help me get her up." "Mother- what-" "Hush, help me," she snapped as she leaned down to pull one of Granger's arms into her hands and gave a tug. Draco waited only half a beat before he reached for Granger's other arm, mimicking his mother's actions until the witch was pulled into their grasp. "Mother- what are you doing?" Draco asked. Narcissa steadied the witch in her arms for a moment before she sighed, "The Dark Lord cannot win Draco, she needs to survive so that Potter can end this-" "I don't-" "They're going to kill her. In a few hours, at sunrise. More importantly they're going to make you kill her Drake. Here, hold her." Draco grudgingly let his mother slip out from under the witch's arm and he bore the brunt of her unconscious weight, wobbling slightly on his feet. His mother dug reached into her pocket, pulling out an inconspicuous hair comb. He watched as the thing began to glow in her hand and quickly she thrust it into his hand, "I'm so sorry my love," she said quietly. "Hold on tight." And before he could say another word he felt the tug of the port key just as his mother grabbed his wand from his pocket. As he was tugged away, Hermione Granger dead weight in his arm, he saw his mother nod once and then, they were gone. It was cold and dark when they landed, hard, on a wooden floor. Draco swore loudly, punching the floor beneath him as he