A/N: I was challenged by bleedtoloveher on tumblr in the Everlark Drabble Challenge with Everlark + Summer Camp. This was based off the movie Little Darlings. Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games or the characters. I'm just borrowing them. Part 1 Katniss doesn't even remember how the conversation started but it ended up with two people in a bet and a satisfied smirk on Glimmer Spender's face. Katniss had only agreed to it for the money and it's not like she was attached to her virginity anyway. But the worried and scared look on Madge's face caused guilt to well up in her stomach. The bet was simple, be the first girl to lose your virginity and the money was all yours. Katniss knew why she was doing it, but she had no clue why Madge got herself involved. It's true, they weren't the best of friends; didn't even run in the same circle. And they might have had altercations once or twice…maybe. But she didn't think Madge disliked her that much to one up Katniss. And she certainly didn't need the money, all she had to do was snap her fingers and Daddy would come running. So Katniss decided not to dwell on Madge's reasons and instead, focus on the task at hand. She had been attending summer camp since she was twelve, now at sixteen, she felt she was just a little too old for it but her mother insisted. Especially since this would be the first year Prim, her little sister, would be attending. So, in a very Katniss-like fashion, she rolled her eyes, and agreed to come back one last time. She had not expected there to be more girls her age but it happened and in a moment of boredom, the bet had been made. Glimmer had started talking about the new boyfriend she had gotten and how much sex she had been having and she tried to stay out of the conversation but leave it to her friend, Jo, to get her involved and then somehow Madge was involved and now she's sitting in her cabin thinking about what she's going to do. The problem is, this is an all girls camp. There's a boys camp about 10 miles away but how the hell is she going to go there and there's no way she's going to try and seduce any of the male counselor's here. Gross. The perfect opportunity came when Jo somehow managed to steal one of the camp busses and she along with some of the other girls decided to take a joy ride. They ended up stopping at a small gas station because someone, probably Delly, had to take a piss really bad. That is where Katniss first laid eyes on Peeta. He was standing in front of the store talking to a tall guy with dark hair and the gestures he was making with his hands and the constant smile on his face had Katniss captivated. And his eyes, she'd never seen any so blue. "What are you smiling at," Jo asked, causing Katniss to blush furiously and mumble a quick 'nothing'. Suddenly, Glimmer appeared behind her, looking in the direction of the two boys. "Ooh, ladies," she squealed, getting the attention of the rest of the group. "Looks like Katniss has found her target." Katniss' eyes widened in horror. "What?" Dammit, that stupid bet. "No, I was just-." "Oh come on, don't back out of it now," Jo said, grabbing her arm and pulling her to the exit. "I have money riding on this too you know. Besides, blondie's kind of hot." She shrugged Jo's hand off her and rolled her eyes. "I can do this myself." Jo stepped out of her way and motioned for her to pass. Katniss took a deep breath and stepped off the bus. The conversation didn't last long. They exchanged 'hellos' as well as names. Katniss introduced herself to both he and his companion. Peeta, was his name. He went to Camp Panem down the road and after some small talk he said yes, he'd like to meet up sometime. Katniss had never been forward with anyone, especially a male. She didn't know where the courage to ask him to meet had come from. All she knew was when he smiled at her, all bets were off. On the way back to camp, the girls teased Katniss about the smile that wouldn't leave her face and how in love she looked. The smile was wiped off her face and replaced with her signature scowl. She gave them the finger and glared out the window the rest of the ride back. Meeting Peeta was no easy task. It was usually done at night about halfway between their respective camps. Katniss would sneak out at night, careful not to wake any of her bunkmates. Even though they were aware what she was doing, she didn't want them to know when it was taking place. The last thing she wanted to be thinking about was the girls discussing whether or not she was having sex at that moment. As she walked toward their designated meeting spot, she gave herself a pep talk. She reminded herself that losing her virginity was no big deal. It's not like she cared. Love didn't need to be involved. That had nothing to do with it. Sex was just something to get over with. Just seduce him, do "it", get out and the money was hers. No big deal, right? And don't, don't, fall in love. She heard him before she saw him. "Hey," she called to him softly from where she had perched herself on the branch of the tree. "Why don't you walk a little louder. I don't think they heard you back at camp." The smile he gave her took her breath away and everything she had been telling herself flew out the window. That first night, all they did was talk and get to know each other. He didn't try anything, just gave her a hug and told her to be safe when returning back to camp. It wasn't until she got back that she realized with a groan, she didn't stick to her plan. Their second meeting, a few days later went a little better. She sat closer to him and when complimenting his hair, she reached out to touch a strand. His eyes darkened with her head so close to his and his eyes looked down at her lips so she licked them and smiled at his intake of breath. When he placed his hands on both sides of her head, she didn't fight it. His lips on hers caused her heart to swell. No, this isn't what she wanted. This was supposed to be purely physical, there was not supposed to be any hearts a swelling. She moved to stop the kiss when he lightly bit her bottom lip and all logical thought left her. She didn't know how long the kisses went on but eventually he stopped and gave her a shy smile. "I think we should probably be heading back now," he said glancing down at his watch. She nodded, still in a daze and promised to meet him again in two nights. He smiled and gave her one last kiss before heading off into the night. She headed off as well but kept turning back to catch a glimpse of his blond hair that shown bright in the moonlight. Shit, she thought. I'm in trouble. Katniss promised herself she wouldn't get too invested in this. She just needed him to win the bet, that's all. Except night after night, meeting after meeting, she found herself feelings things she swore she'd never feel. He had a way of making her forget her promises. It wasn't until after she arrived back at the cabin, did she scold herself. Every time. She couldn't think properly when he was around. She decided he must have cast some sort of spell on her. Don't be stupid, Katniss, she thought, punching her pillow. It wasn't until one night, about a month into their relationship, did she finally decide this needed to end. She had just come back from being with Peeta and settled into bed when the door to her cabin opened and a figure entered as quietly as it could. Katniss watched, her heart falling, as Madge creeped in with a stupid smile on her face. Did Madge do it? Had she won the bet? Katniss fell into a fitful sleep and when she awoke the next morning, she expected Glimmer to laugh in her face about losing the bet. But everyone was up at the usual time. Madge spoke with the girls but there were no squeals of congratulations. Katniss eyed her carefully and although Madge seemed more happy than usual, she gave no indication she had a secret to tell. She was still in the game. Katniss walked through the woods with purpose. Tonight would be the night. This had to happen tonight. Losing your virginity is not a big deal, she told herself over and over. It's just a body, it's just a thing. It doesn't have to mean anything. It's purely physical. When she sees Peeta, she lunges and her mouth is on him before he can say anything. "Well, hello to you too," he chuckles when they part. "Come with me?" she asks, her heart beating furiously in her chest. At his nod, she pulls him along the trees. It starts to rain and they run, laughing as they reach the abandoned boathouse. They're still giggling as they huddle close together. Katniss looked away from the rain and up into Peeta's eyes and look on his face stopped her laughter. He smiled and pushed the wet hair out of her face. "You're the most beautiful creature I've ever seen," he said grabbing her face. Before she could lose her nerve, she leaned up and kissed him. Their hot breaths mingled together as she pulled him down on the old wood. He settled between her thighs and she could feel him hard and ready for her. The pleasure coursed through her when his groin connected with her center and she moaned at the contact. "Katniss," he groaned, lifting himself off her a bit and trying to steady his breaths. She pulled him back to her desperate to feel him against her once more. "Wait. What are you doing?" "I want you. I want this," she insisted, frowning at his hesitation. "Don't…don't you want me too?" "Oh God, yes," he reassured her and she sighed in relief at his genuine smile. "I just-I don't want you to think that's all I want from you. We don't have to do this if you don't want to. If you're not ready." Katniss smiled, putting a hand on his cheek. "I do. I am," she paused for a second, realizing that what she was saying was true. And it had nothing to do with some stupid bet. She was exactly where she wanted to be, right here with Peeta. It hurt, she wasn't going to lie. And it was awkward, so much awkward then she thought. It was his first time too. When he confessed, her heart leapt in happiness. The idea of him with someone else was unimaginable. He kissed her tears away when they fell from the pain and it ended far too quickly than they (she) would have liked but it was beautiful because it was them. When he kissed her goodbye he told her he'd see her in a few days and she nodded happily. And as she walked away with a giddy smile, he called out to her. "Katniss," she turned, smiling at the look of happiness on his face. "I love you." Her smiled widened and didn't even think twice before saying, "I love you, too." She woke up with a smile on her face and a little