Disclaimer: Everything belongs to J.K.R. MY Author's Notes: This story was inspired by the Bruno Mars song "Marry You". While I know this song has been used for proposals, I always thought it was an excellent advertisement jingle for any lawyer dealing in family law. Well, Muggles have the easy way out, they get divorced. But I didn't want to give Harry and Daphne the easy option. So, how do you cope when you have the choice between two evils: murder your spouse or live with him/her? MY It was a rather cold summer night at the end of June and the pubs just began to fill. A young man with raven coloured hair walked down Leicester Square, looking for a place to eat. He stopped at a pub with the cryptic name "The Needy Kumquat" and hesitated for a moment. As a wave of laughter spilled out from the pub onto the street, he made up his mind, opened the door and stepped inside. As soon as he had crossed the threshold, he stopped dead in his tracks. Matching the name of the pub, the interior was decorated in different shades of orange. The young man closed his eyes. ' That looks like the headquarters of the Chudley Cannons ' he thought to himself. He was just about to turn around and leave the pub, when a delicious smell wafting from the kitchen reached his nose and made him reconsider. He went to the bar and ordered a pint of bitter. With the glass in his hand he looked around. It was still early in the evening, and the pub was not yet crowded. He carried his glass to an empty table in a corner and sat down. Sipping his bitter, he had a look at the other patrons. Only half of the tables were occupied. The most noise and rambunctious laughter came from a large group of young adults in their mid-twenties that had put several tables together. The other tables were mostly taken by couples, who seemed to enjoy themselves. The young man sighed inwardly. Not so long ago he had been part of such a happy couple. But that was water under the bridge. Ginny had made perfectly clear that she wasn't interested in spending her time in reclusiveness, like he would have preferred, given his prominent status in their world. She wanted to go out and party and forget all about the war they had fought and the losses they had suffered. She called it returning back to life, he called her attitude callous. One word lead to another, and in the end they had broken up. That had been this morning. Angry words at the table next to him startled him out of his morose thoughts. 'Get your hands off of me, you moron. You're drunk!' a female voice hissed. 'Oh, come on, honey, don't be so prude! You know that you want it!' her companion slurred. The young man turned around on his chair. At the table next to him a large man had put his hairy arm around the shoulder of a blonde young woman and was just trying to nibble her ear. The woman shuddered. By her stiff posture the young man could tell it wasn't out of pleasure, though the monkey who pulled her even closer to him apparently thought so. The young woman tried to get away from him, but the man held her tight with his ape-like arms. The young man decided he had seen and heard enough. His friend Hermione would probably say it was because of his saving-people-thing again and be very displeased with him, but for him it was simply a matter of the right thing to do. 'Confundus !' he thought. The monkey let go off of the young woman. He rose from his chair and stumbled out of the pub, a confused expression on his face. The young woman watched him leaving with a puzzled frown. There was something oddly familiar about her, the young man thought. Then it hit him. 'Greengrass!' he exclaimed. The head of the young woman whipped around. Her eyes grew wide as she recognised him. 'Potter? What are you doing here?' she asked. Harry gave her a lopsided grin. 'I could ask you the same. This is not exactly the place where I imagined to hit upon Slytherin's Pureblood princess and reigning Ice Queen Daphne Greengrass.' She looked around. 'Mind your words, Potter! This pub is full of Muggles!' she hissed. 'Don't worry, I've set up Privacy Wards and Anti-Listening-Wards,' he grinned. By the look in her eyes he could tell that she didn't believe him. 'Wordlessly?' she asked. Her voice sounded sceptical. 'And wandlessly,' he supplied. She still looked sceptical. 'You never were that good while we were at school.' He laughed at that. 'Greengrass, we didn't run in the same circles at school, so you won't know what I can or can't do. Also, I used to hold back. But most important, being on the run for your life for a year and finishing off a megalomaniac monster does help a lot to hone your skills, I can tell you.' She picked up the glass of wine in front of her, rose from her table and sat down opposite of him. 'All right, Potter, don't you think this impromptu school reunion is the perfect opportunity to catch up between old school mates?' He had picked up his glass again and now snorted into his bitter. 'Greengrass, we never were that chummy at school that I'd tell you what's going on in my life. Next I'll know is that you'd have run off with that information to Skeeter and I'll find another article full of lies about me printed in the Prophet . Or, even worse, you'd tell your little Wannabe-Death Eater chums. I bet they'll be happy about any information they can get to get back at me. I've been told they are still vexed with me because I finished off their bigwig.' He took a gulp and put down his glass, giving her a long, hard stare with his emerald green eyes. 'Aren't you betrothed to Nott? He's one of the worst and I bet he'd be delighted if his sweetheart tells him some news about me.' Her face had gone very red at his words, and she reciprocated his stare with an equally hard one from her almost violet blue eyes. 'For your information, Potter, I was betrothed to Nott's older brother. He was a Death Eater and an arsehole and thankfully was killed during the Battle of Hogwarts. After the battle, Nott, now head of his house, approached my father to set up a similar betrothal contract between him and me. Since I am of age, my father couldn't do that without my consent. But apparently the Notts had dirt on my father, and they pressured him. In return, my family pressured me to sign the contract. I finally had enough and ran away four weeks ago.' Her voice sounded bitter. Harry searched her face for any sign of duplicity, but couldn't find it, neither in her expression nor in her posture. His gut told him she had been honest. 'I'm sorry, Greengrass. I didn't know that.' 'It's all right, Potter. Like you said, we weren't that chummy at school, so you wouldn't know.' She drained her glass in one gulp and put it back on the table. Harry stood up and went to the bar. A few minutes later he returned, carrying a glass of wine and another pint of bitter. He put the wine down in front of her. 'Thanks,' Greengrass said. 'You're welcome,' he replied automatically and sat down. 'So, you've practically been hiding among Muggles for the last month? You're doing a pretty good job, I'd say. I'm impressed; I'd never have thought a Pureblood is able to fit in that seamlessly.' He gestured at her outfit with his hand. She was dressed for dancing on a Saturday night. She wore a tight black and white patterned dress that left her shoulders bare, and matching black high heels. The very short skirt of the dress and the high heels made her legs look endlessly, Harry noticed with a dry gulp. Her thick mane of honey-coloured blonde hair streamed down her back in slight curls until it almost reached her hips, seemingly untamed. She was a beauty; that was evident. He'd always known her as one of the prettiest girls at school. However, he had had no idea of the perfectly sculptured body that had been hidden under the thick school robes. She gave him a wry grin over the rim of her glass. 'That's not as difficult as it may seem to most Purebloods,' she replied. She took a sip and put the glass down. 'Very few people know that my best friend Tracey Davis was a Muggleborn.' 'Was?' he interrupted her. Her face turned into a stony mask and her eyes became very dark. Harry had seen something like that happening over and over again when he visited the families of the fallen after the Battle of Hogwarts, so her next words were no surprise to him. 'Tracey and her family were killed by Death Eaters during the Easter Holidays this year.' 'I'm sorry. I had no idea she was Muggleborn.' 'It was a close kept secret between Tracey and me. We met on the Hogwarts Express before our first year, and instantly became friends. She told me that she was Muggleborn, and I warned her of the repercussions because of that from a certain house. During the train ride we made up a background story for Tracey being from a Squib line, and it worked. At least, until our last year.' She wiped away a tear from the corner of her eye. 'Tracey's parents always invited me to their home during the summer holidays. My father never cared what I was doing, since I was only a girl and not the heir he'd wished for. My mother was busy socialising and also left me to my own devices. They both never found out that Tracey was a Muggleborn. They just assumed she came from a magical family, because that's what I'd told them and they'd never have imagined that I'll be friends with a Muggleborn.' She grinned at her last words, though there was no humour in that grin. 'During the summers spent at Tracey's home I learned a lot about Muggle culture, especially how to dress like a Muggle. Of course, it helped a lot that Tracey and I both were interested in fashion. But I also learned how to blend in. So, when I ran away from home I had no problems to rent a room in a small flat and find work.' Her companion raised his eyebrows. 'I'm impressed, Greengrass. What are you doing, if I may ask?' She smiled. 'You may. I work as a sales assistant on King's Road during the day. I plan on attending evening school to obtain my GCSE in coming September. I want to study fashion design one day.' His eyebrows went even higher. 'Now I'm really impressed. It can't be easy, given your background.' 'I am a fast learner. However, even though I learned a lot about Muggle culture from the Davis', I lack knowledge and experience in many areas. I was able to blame that on a strict and secluded upbringing by parents who are members of an obscure sect.' He laughed at that. 'Good move, Greengrass! I'd never have thought you are that ambitious.' 'I'm a Slytherin. I come from the house of the ambitious and cunning,' she reminded him over the rim of her glass and took another sip. 'True,' he admitted. 'Though, most of your housemates were anything but that!' She made a face. 'To be honest, I always thought they gave Slytherin a bad name. We're supposed to be the house of