Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. I'm only playing in JKR's sandbox. Warning: English is not my first language, so there are probably some weird expressions and grammar quirks inside of this story. If you don't like it, don't read it. 01 Trapped Daphne Greengrass looked down at the letter in her hand. Her calm face betrayed nothing of the turmoil inside of her. She read it again, word for word, and still couldn't believe it. Dearest daughter, I hope this letter finds you well. It's with greatest reluctance that I submit an offer to you I received today. I know that your mother and I promised you that we'll never force you into a marriage against your will. This promise still stands. However, I implore you to consider this offer carefully. You are the female heiress to an Ancient House. I fear what will become of you and our house should something happen to me. Sadly, we live in uncertain times. I'm determined to keep the neutrality of our house, but you know as well as I do that this might be my death sentence, now that the Dark Lord has returned. Today, Clifford Nott offered a marriage contract between his younger son Theodore and you. Since he is your housemate, I suppose you know young Theodore very well so I don't have to lose many words about him. His father insinuated that young Theodore is not intended follow the footsteps of his older brother since his delicate magic precludes him from these honours. As a younger son with no prospects to inherit the title of Head of House Nott, young Theodore is also quite willing to take on the Greengrass name. He'll leave the right to lead the Ancient House of Greengrass to you, but requires that your eldest son will be made your heir. Also, the marriage contract will include the right of living separately as soon as an heir is born, should one party wish so. You'll both retain the right to back out of this contract until your 19 th birthday. However, if you don't, you'll have to become married before your 21 st birthday. Your sharp mind will immediately grasp the political as well as the personal advantages of the proposal, I'm sure, especially in regards to your younger sister. Please, let me know your decision within the next four weeks. Love, Dad She put the letter in a strongbox on her desk. Then she left the room she shared in the Slytherin dorms with her best friend, Tracey Davis. Her face still betrayed nothing of the confusion she felt when she entered the common room. Her prey sat in one of the many secluded niches of the room, together with his roommate Blaise Zabini. He also held a sheet of parchment in his hands and looked at it with an expression akin to horror. 'It's not very flattering that you regard a marriage with me with such obvious distaste, Theodore,' she said as she sat down beside him. He startled. 'Sorry, Daphne, I don't mean to offend you. It's only …' His voice trailed off and his eyes moved toward Blaise Zabini as if looking for help. 'Theodore, I'm about as excited to become the odd one out in your happy relationship with Blaise as you are to marry me.' His face turned ashen. 'How did you know?' She regarded him with the look Professor McGonagall reserved for especially thick-witted students. 'Honestly, Theodore. Everyone in our year knows what happens in your bedroom as soon as you two close the door behind you. You're not particularly discrete about it. Personally, I'd advise revising Silencing Charms.' He turned even paler, while Blaise Zabini laughed out loud. He put a hand on Theo's shoulder. 'I told you so.' Theo buried his face in the palms of his hands. 'I hope my father doesn't find out. He'll kill me.' Daphne put a hand on his arm. 'Don't worry about that, Theodore. You know, "What happens in Slytherin, stays in Slytherin",' she quoted the most important rule their Head of House, Professor Snape, and the older students had drilled into them from their first day on in the dungeons. 'Besides that, we have too much dirt on our classmates that they'd dare to throw dirt at you, Theodore.' He let out an unhappy laugh. 'That's true,' he admitted. He put his hands down and looked at her. 'What do you think about this proposal, Daphne?' 'It'll buy us some time. I won't turn nineteen before August 1999. That are almost three years from now.' 'A lot can happen in this time,' Blaise said slowly. Daphne fixed her sapphire blue eyes on him. 'Exactly. Bearing Theodore's "delicate magical condition" in mind, we don't have to worry about interfering commitments, either. That'll help maintaining the neutrality of the Ancient House of Greengrass until – a final decision is made.' The three Slytherins exchanged meaningful glances. 'You think it'll be over within the next three years?' Theodore asked, lowering his voice. Daphne nodded. She looked around if anyone was listening into their conversation. Then she took out her wand and muttered. 'Muffliato!' Putting away her wand, she said, 'He's out to kill him. Rumours say he's impatient, almost unbalanced. He'll seek the final confrontation as soon as possible. He's got to prove himself, especially since the fiasco at the Ministry for Magic.' 'What happened there? I heard some rather odd stories. Is it true Potter went there and battled the Dork Lord?' Blaise asked. 'Don't use that moniker, Blaise. They can't hear us under the Muffliato Charm, but they can still read your lips,' Theo cautioned. He turned to Daphne. 'Can you tell us about that fight? Father wouldn't tell me.' 'I can only tell you snippets I heard here and there,' Daphne started. 'However, the gist is there seems to be a prophecy that states that Potter is the one who has to kill him. The Dark Lord didn't know the contents of the prophecy and lured Potter into the Ministry to retrieve it for him. He sent some of his merry little friends to the Ministry to ambush Potter. Potter, however, didn't turn up alone and he and his friends put up a good fight, too. They managed to escape. For some reason the Dark Lord decided to make an appearance, too. He fought with Dumbledore. During that fight, the Dark Lord tried to possess Potter, but was unable to keep the possession. He fled Potter's body and the Ministry, apparently seriously hurt. He's reported to have been in a very unstable mood ever since then.' Blaise let out a low whistle. 'Wow, so Potter really is the Chosen One.' 'It seems so,' Daphne nodded. 'We'd better hope and pray it is true, because he's our only hope for freedom.' The two young men nodded solemnly to her words. 'Who did you tell this?' Theodore asked. 'Tory,' Daphne replied. 'She's pried it out of Draco. Of course, his story was a little different, but during the last five years I've learned to read between the lines of his stories.' 'Haven't we all?' Blaise grinned, his voice dripping with irony. 'Excuse me, gentlemen,' Daphne said and stood up. 'I have to decide what response I'll give my father. I'll go for a walk around the castle to clear my head.' She went out of the common room and headed up to the seventh floor. She loved the view over the Hogwarts grounds the huge windows of the Gallery there offered. Lost in her thoughts, she admired the view and didn't hear the soft footsteps behind her. 'Stupefy!' a hoarse voice whispered. The hex hit her square into the back and her world went black. DHDHDH She woke up to a hand shaking her shoulder. 'No, mum, just five minutes more, please!' she groaned, her eyes still shut. An amused chuckle answered her. 'Sorry, sleepyhead. I'm not your mum. Time to wake up, though, I'm afraid,' a male voice said. She froze. She knew that voice, but couldn't place it in her addled state of mind. She opened her eyes only to stare in impenetrable darkness. She lay rather uncomfortable on a lumpy ground, while her head was bedded on a soft cushion that seemed to move up and down slowly. It took her some seconds to realise that she was spread out over another person laying beneath her. Her heart hammered and she scrambled to a sitting position, using her left hand to stabilize herself on something squishy. 'Ouch!' her companion yelped. Realising which body part she had accidentally touched, she snatched her hand away, glad he couldn't see her turning beet red while she did so. 'Sorry!' she almost yelled. 'S'okay,' he gasped. She heard him taking a deep breath, obviously trying to overcome the pain. 'A little crowded inside here, isn't it?' he added conversationally. 'Yeah,' she added, not really paying attention to him. Her hands fumbled in the pockets of her robe for her wand, but came up empty. 'Don't bother looking for your wand. They've taken it,' her companion said. She heard him move in the darkness. Daphne cursed under her breath, long and hard. 'That one's new to me,' he complimented her. 'Oh, shut up! You'd better tell me how much!' she snapped at him. 'Eh – uh?' Her irritation grew at his obvious acting. 'How eloquent! How much did you pay your cronies to be locked up with me in this closet?' she fumed. After all, it wasn't the first time this happened to her. 'What?!' he yelled. 'What do you think of me? I got stunned into the back on my way back to the dorm and then woke up inside of here.' His indignation seemed to be spontaneous and outright. 'You wouldn't be the first one,' she replied, much calmer and trying to mollify him. 'Eww. What kind of guy forces himself on a girl like that?' He sounded disgusted. Daphne snorted. 'You'd be surprised. That's the third time I find myself in a broom closet with a boy against my will.' 'That's sick. I hope these boys have been punished accordingly.' He must be either a Hufflepuff or a Gryffindor, she decided. Ravenclaws and Slytherins knew only too well to what lengths some of the older boys of their houses would go to get their way with a girl they desired. Aloud she said, 'I gather you're a Gryffindor or a Hufflepuff, then. Unfortunately, sexual harassment is not uncommon in my house. There are also rumours about a rape or two. Sorry to disturb your ideal world.' 'That … that …' he stuttered. 'That's disgusting,' he finally managed to get out. 'I'm sorry what you've had to go through, whatever that's worth.' 'Don't be,' Daphne replied. 'Even without my wand, 'I'm not completely helpless. That arsehole didn't get what he wanted. Instead, he sung soprano for a while – twice!' She couldn't keep the deep satisfaction she felt at that memory out of her voice. He laughed out loud. 'Good for you!' She joined his laughter. 'Thanks! This time I'm locked up with a real gentleman, it seems. I know I know your voice, but I can't put a face to it. So, who are you?' 'I'm Harry Potter.' 'Oh.' Daphne's mouth almost hung open in surprise. Gryffindor's Golden Boy, as the Slytherins derisively called him, of all people! 'That was unexpected. I'm Daphne Greengrass.' 'Nice to meet you, Greengrass.' 'Nice to meet you, too, Potter,' she replied. They shook hands in the darkness and then laughed about the absurdity of it all. 'So, what's next?' he asked. 'We have to get out of here,' Daphne decided. 'Get up, Potter!' They scrambled to their feet. It was not a small feet in the darkness of the narrow closet, and accompanied by a lot of elbow poking and mutual apologies, but finally they both managed to stand on their feet.