Title: "The Armour of Kings" Author: LegolasLover2003 aka Ashley Category: Book - "The Lord of the Rings" Genre: General Rating: G Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to "The Lord of the Rings" . I just adore it to pieces. Legede and Morolas are characters of my own invention however. You may use them, but please ask permission to do so first. Note: I started working on this story in December 2012 and finally finished it today hehehe. Sun filtering in through the thin curtains was the first thing that Legolas was fully aware of. His blue eyes blinked, the waking dreams of Elven kind disappearing from before his gaze to be replaced with a clear vision of an early morning. For surely it was early... the sun had barely even risen and the whole of Rivendell still seemed as if it were shrouded in a pre-dawn darkness... a stillness that clung to the air like fog. Rising from bed, the Mirkwood Prince was glad to find that no one else seemed to have woken just yet and he stood, barefoot on the terrace which overlooked the glen to the west. The twins always found their friend in better spirits when he could see the wilderness from his bedroom window. Of course neither son of Elrond truly could understand... The trees were sacred to Silvan Elves, and Legolas respected their whispers just like any of his kin would. So, finding himself in the silence of the valley, the son of Thranduil listened closely to the voices of the wood, felt their warmth and joy for the Elves which lived in their midst. They spoke not of war or battles nor of evil creatures such as Orcs and Goblins. They were at peace... and their kind words helped to put the Prince's heart at ease as well. In the early morning hours, Legolas sat down at a fine desk of carved oak. He took up quill and parchment and carefully began to pen a letter home. Already the prince had spent a fortnight in Imladris, and while that was hardly uncommon for Legolas... it was a rarity for him to pen a letter for delivery to the Elvenking's Halls. Then again... the day before had not exactly been... common... Oranar, the 23rd day of Iavas, 2936 Legede, Long has it been that I have thought to write home. Usually I simply return and speak of tidings from Imladris in person. But as of late, I find myself enjoying the company of the Noldor whose day to day lives differ so much from our own. Learning of the world is certainly a priority... but I must confess that the twin sons of Lord Elrond, Elladan and Elrohir, have both made my stay all the more enjoyable. Of course I failed to mention that I arrived during what seemed to be a small crisis of sorts, and that the Lord of Imladris was abroad with his sons, as well as Lord Glorfindel and a hunting party. It seems that Orcs have been stalking the lower reaches of the Ford, picking off any bird or beast which came within their foul sight. I had been told by Erestor, that the excursion would have lasted for no more than two or three days, and so for a time I sat under the boughs of Imladris' groves with a sad heart, for I could not join them in their hunt. Yet there was one who took to me strangely in my time beneath the trees, a child of Imladris that did not quite understand my different manner of dress nor the accent of my words. I must confess I have become quite taken with this boy, for he reminded me of myself... and of a day when a frightened princeling hid behind his own bed when first he laid eyes on his father's blood stained armor. It seems, my friend, that I have taken to your role of wise counselor to calm a child's fears. Such a recalling must have sparked memories of old within my mind, for last night I dreamt of adar and his armor. He was sitting tall atop Malthenras, his beloved Elken steed on that horrible day one în and twenty-two loa ago... as the dragon ravaged the east before our very eyes. I remember seeing adar, his robes fluttering in the hot breeze, the armor beneath glinting in the light of the fading day. I can still see the crown of birch atop his head, can still smell the smoke and the acrid stench of sulfur as Erebor was lost to the Dwarf Lords and the people of Dale fled for their lives. It was the first time I saw true horror beyond the boarders of our realm... and the first time I realized that I wanted to know more about this world. Elladan and Elrohir think my curiosity of the world is something akin to that of a human and not an Elven Prince... I smile to think that I amuse them still, even though we have known one another for years. Am I so different from the Noldor, Legede? Are we not all children of Ilúvatar ? Even now I still see the differences in our two lines. I am Sindar... Silvan... yet another reason I see myself in the child who calls the Halls of Imladris home. He is as different to them as I myself am. There is still much for me to learn of this world... Please, let adar know I am safe and well and that I will be returning home before the Firith. Legolas THE ARMOUR OF KINGS "You sleep funny too." One thin eyebrow arched and blue eyes blinked as wakefulness came over Legolas at the sound of a small voice. He immediately saw the boy, no more than five human years old, hovering over him, his nose only an inch or so from the Elf's own. "And just how is it funny?" the prince asked, moving as if to sit. Luckily, the child scampered off of him and sat down on the edge of the bed, staring at archer through a mop of unruly curled brown hair. "Because you sleep like Ro and El do... it's funny." the boy spoke, cocking his head slightly as he watched the blond Elf. For his part, Legolas sighed and sat up fully, drawing his legs to him to sit cross-legged on the bed, the sheets pulled up to his waist. "Humans, I suppose, do not sleep with their eyes open? I have never had the pleasure of seeing one of your kind sleep so I can not say if this is the only difference." the archer replied, arms crossed over his chest. "Why are you waking me, Estel?" The boy smiled, "Ada is coming home today! Erestor said they'd be here before midday." "Ah... if they sent word ahead then everything must have gone well... otherwise I assume the halls would be in a panic." Legolas spoke, nudging the small human with his foot as a silent signal to get him to move. Estel quickly hopped off the bed and out of the way, letting the blond Elf stand. Grey eyes watched as Legolas' silver sleeping tunic rustled around the prince's knees. He cocked his head to the side again before laughing softly. At a look from the prince, Estel explained himself. "Your tunic's like river pebbles. It sparkles and moves when you do." the boy pipped up, touching the fabric with one hand. "Doesn't feel like pebbles though." Another eyebrow arch headed the child's way and Legolas sighed. "It is silk, if you must know. Honestly... have you never seen bed clothes before?" "Not ones THAT color. It's different." Smirking, the blond leaned forward, eye to eye with Estel. "I think it looks like your eyes. Estel Grey. I think I shall rename this shade after you." Legolas poked the boy on the nose then stood straight, heading over to a dressing table of elm and pouring fresh water into a nearby basin. Taking up a nearby fluffy white towel, he began to was his face and neck, one hand keeping his hair out of the way. Least til there was a tug at the back of his head. Spinning around, blue eyes locked on the boy... who had just yanked on his hair. "Why's it like that?" Estel asked with wide curious eyes. "Glorfindel does that too but he wouldn't tell me why." For a moment, Legolas fought the instinct to just pinch the bridge of his nose and ignore the child. This boy was full of questions. Course... that was hardly much different than he himself... was it? "It is a warrior's braid. Most Elven males have them, least those that see battle and protect their homelands. The purpose is to keep the hair around your face out of your eyes when fighting." At first it seemed that what the prince said went in one ear and out the other, but eventually Estel smiled and pulled his own hair. "I want one." Legolas could not stop the smile on his lips. "You are not old enough for one. Perhaps when you come of age? Of course your hair will need to be much much longer, Estel." he spoke, finishing at the wash basin and walking over to lay out his clothes. Blue eyes glanced at the child, "Can you at least give me peace while I dress?" the prince asked. Sighing in mock exasperation, Estel threw his hands up in the air. "I guess... but can I sit with you at breakfast? I've got..." "More questions? Yes... I know and yes you can. Go see if Erestor or Lindir is in need of your help." the archer spoke with that same smile, quite literally pushing the child out the door. "May I ask how your father has been these past years?" Lindir spoke up from the breakfast table as he poured Estel some freshly squeezed juice. "It has been some time since the Elvenking left his Halls. I was beginning to worry." Smirking, Legolas tore off a small piece of bread for himself from a much larger loaf. "Afraid that you would never learn the tales of your Woodland kin?" he teased the bard. "I fear, Lindir, that my father travels little these days. After all, why make a kingdom of stone and then leave it? Much safer to remain within I would say." This drew Estel's attention and the boy popped up onto his knees in the seat, making himself taller at the same time. "Like Dwarves? They used to have lots of kingdoms of stone." The only irritation from the Mirkwood prince, at least the only visible sign of such, was one raised eyebrow. Lindir could not help but pale slightly, though before he could correct the child... Erestor luckily, came to the boy's rescue. "Elves are not Naugrim, Estel. They do not delve the mountains nor make them their home. I prefer..." Erestor could not suppress the amused smirk on his lips. "To think of our Woodland kin as Periannath, as Halflings rather than Naugrim." Laughter came from Legolas then and he took up his goblet, "Well said. And I suppose I can not argue that point except to say that we of Mirkwood do not... have hairy feet nor are we the height of young Estel here." smiling, he turned his blue gaze on the child. "My father's people live beneath the earth, that is true. But we are ever a part of nature, like any Elf. Do you know what the trees told me this morning?" "Trees don't talk." Estel laughed, screwing up his face at the mere thought of talking trees. But the Elf shook is head, "That is where you are wrong, my young friend. The Noldor and the Sindar can not hear the trees speak as the Silvan can. They may understand bits