Title: "My Final Request..." Author: LegolasLover2003 aka Ashley Category: Book - "Lord of the Rings" Genre: Angst/Drama Rating: K+ Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to "The Lord of the Rings" . I just adore it to pieces! Also, I don't own rights to Josh Groban's music nor the song "Home To Stay". I DO however own rights to the poem that you see composed by Legolas. Author's Note: This story was written for the April 2007 challenge in the Teitho Fanfiction Contest. It did not, however, place in the contest. Also, be warned of character death. How could I have ever let myself believe, That you were immortal, That you were like me? Why couldn't I see, The ages passing, The leaves changing? I saw them with you. I was a part of you. You a part of me. Two bodies, one heart. One soul shared. One life lived. You were my brother, my friend. Once a child, Now a man. Why wasn't I more for you? Such little time… I can't return to change it. The past, the present. Where is my future? Sorrow is my only friend. Pain, now my brother. For that which I cared most for, Is now lost to me forever. You are home… And I have been cruelly left behind… -Caun Laegolas Thranduilion My Final Request… "My lord!" Piercing blue eyes rose from behind a mountain of parchments. There was an unspoken question in them as they caught the gaze of the Elf before him. "Yes, Caldor?" Legolas asked as he set his quill down. The prince leaned back in his chair, his gaze narrowing in concern at the look upon his aid's face. Caldor hesitated for a moment before presenting an open scroll to his lord. "I… I was told this was an urgent matter, my lord." He said, trying to explain his reasons for opening the once sealed parchment. The prince took the scroll, unrolling it and allowing his eyes to scan the document. "Legolas, I…" But Caldor's words froze in his throat as he watched his lord set the scroll down upon the desk. Legolas' own gaze averted itself from the concerned eyes of his friend. "Caldor, ready my horse." The aid stepped forward, "Of course, my lord." "I will be along soon." The detached and emotionless tone of the younger Elf's voice struck Caldor to his very soul. "Legolas, I…" "Leave me, Caldor." He bowed, "As you wish, my lord. I shall see to it that you are not disturbed until you wish to leave." With that, Caldor walked from the room, closing the doors to the prince's study behind him. For a long moment, Legolas did nothing. His face an emotionless mask, placed before him to conceal his thoughts and feelings from the aid. He sighed, his blue gaze falling upon the still open scroll on his desk. Tears began to prick at the prince's eyes, a lump forming in his throat as he struggled to contain that which threatened to overwhelm him. Legolas' eyes closed. He shook his head slightly before leaning his head on his open palms, his elbows resting upon the redwood desk. A tremor ran through the prince's body, his shoulders shaking as a sob broke through his composure. "Aragorn…" Im henio le gar-crom. Im tirnin le gwanno. I understand you have left. I watched you depart. I know you're gone. I watched you leave. "Dear Legolas…" The prince smiled sadly as he was embraced at the doors to the palace of Minas Tirith. Arwen's gentle face, so composed, yet full of love, shone back at him. Their eyes connected, and both could feel the despair radiate from the other. "How long?" Legolas whispered as they turned, both walking into the palace and the warmth of its halls. A warmth that could be felt by none that day. Arwen's eyes remained locked with the path in which they walked. "Not long… a day, maybe more…" Though he hated to ask, though he dreaded the lady's answer… Legolas had to know. "What will you do, my lady?" The Queen looked to him as she slowly shook her head. "I know not, Legolas… I knew this day would come… we both did… but I had not hoped it to be so very soon." Legolas nodded, "I have dreaded this day for countless years. So many times I had thought we would meet our end…" "He did not wish to die upon the battlefield, Legolas." Arwen replied as a nearby servant opened a door to allow their passing. "We have spoken on the matter… Estel will not die by the sword, but neither does he wish to meet his doom by age's cruel scythe." "He will give up his soul then." Legolas whispered and, for a moment, he found that he could not move forward. Arwen turned to him, pulling the Elven prince's hands into her own. "He has made his choice, Legolas. It is only right that we abide by that wish." A small smile found its way to the prince's expression. "Estel was always stubborn…" Ir pan lynt Gar-remmen palan A pan raid Taithannen a thar-tobonnen Ir pan min Onen pedo. Im innas tegi le ad Bar an dortho. When all boats Have sailed far And all paths Marked and covered over When all roads Gave say I will bring you back Home to stay When every boat Has sailed away And every path Is marked and paved When every road Has had its say Then I'll be bringing you back Home to stay "Mellon nin." Gray eyes met a gaze of crystalline blue as the Elven prince came to stand at the bedside of the King of Gondor. Legolas smiled slightly, "Gwador nin…" he whispered, clasping the hand of his longtime friend. Aragorn returned the smile, but he knew not what to say for a long moment. The two, left alone in the chamber together, watched one another for many minutes before the prince finally found the courage to speak. "The Lady Arwen tells me that you…" Legolas' voice caught, and he had to swallow the lump in his throat to speak once more. "That you shall commend your spirit to Mandos this day." The king nodded slightly, "I shall. I do not wish to burden any by my passing with age and so," "So you think it will be easier on us to see you go of your own will?" Legolas asked, a slight undertone of anger in his usually melodic voice. Aragorn's eyes narrowed, "Think not of it as such, mellon nin." "Then how should I take it?" the prince replied, releasing the man's hand and moving away from the bed. He took refuge by looking out the windows of the balcony. The sun warmed him, and he tried to think of happier things. But it was no use. "How should I take it?" he found himself whispering once more. Im garo tiw le onen an nin Tiro palan-le eltha crom I have the letters you gave to me Look far your dreams left I have the cards you sent to me Look how far your dreaming's gone "I feel my age, Legolas." Aragorn said as he pushed himself up, sitting against the bed's headboard. "In a few months time, I fear that I shall no longer be myself." His gray eyes stared at the prince's back. "Already I see the signs. I am not who I once was…" "None of us are." Legolas replied, his arms crossed over his chest as he hugged himself. His blue gaze turned to watch Aragorn closely. "None of us are who we once were…" "But you are immortal." The king replied. "I am not. We both knew that one day…" "One day you would die." Legolas spoke plainly, his voice emotionless. "I thanked the Valar at the end of every day because I had not lost you." He shook his head, "I can not bear to say goodbye." Aragorn smiled sadly, "Still a princling in so many ways…" he whispered. "And what exactly is that supposed to mean?" the blond Elf asked angrily. "It means, my dearest friend… that you can not always have things how you wish them to be." Legolas looked away, but he realized that his friend truly was right. When things did not go the prince's way, he tried his hardest to change them. Could he change death? No… and it made him feel all the more powerless. "I cried, you know…" the prince whispered, his eyes once more on the sunny day outside. "When Caldor brought me your message… I cried for you." Ir pan gobil tiro u-minai Ir pan mith norn caro Ir pan cant dolen am Im innas tegi le ad Bar an dortho. When all towns look not unique. When all ends hard to make When all images hidden up I will bring you back Home to stay When every town looks just the same. When every choice gets hard to make. When every map is put away. Then I'll be bringing you back Home to stay. "Why?" Legolas shook his head, but he would not allow the man to see the tears in his eyes. "I fear to lose you." "Legolas…" "I have known you for so very long." The prince continued, not wishing to hide the truth of his heart. "You have always been there. So much… there is still so much we could do…" Aragorn sighed, "I am old, Legolas. Humans are not meant to live as long as I." Legolas turned quickly, tears evident in his eyes. "There must be something that can be done." He spoke. "You are of Elven blood, Estel… could you not plead with the Valar to be given entrance to Valinor?" "It is not my place." "But what of Arwen?" Legolas continued. "She will surely travel to the Undying Lands with you if you ask her. Eldarion would surely follow when his time came. What of Elladan and Elrohir… of Elrond…" he shook his head, a tear escaping to roll gently down one cheek. "I refuse to believe that…" But the man was shaking his head. "Legolas… mellon nin… I have made my peace with this life. Arwen understands… Eldarion understands… my brothers understand…" a frown came to his expression. "Why can you not?" Legolas turned away once more, his hands clenched into fists at his sides. "I can not understand because I…" "Because you do not wish to…" Aragorn finished for him. The prince nodded slightly as silence filled the space between the two friends. "I do not wish to lose you, Estel." Legolas whispered, and the mere sound of such pain brought a wince to the king. Aragorn beckoned his friend over, "Come, Legolas… Sit with me." The Elf did as asked, placing himself in a chair at the man's bedside. Aragorn reached one hand out, placing it atop the prince's own fair hand. "You will never lose me." An si im isto-le baur an gwanno erui Ias dor min? And now I know you need to depart alone Where's the place between? And now I know why you had to go alone. Isn't there a place between? "You will never, ever, lose me, Legolas. I swear it to you." Legolas could no longer hold back his tears. As the prince's emotions flooded forth, Aragorn pulled the Elf to him. Legolas allowed himself to be held as he let his tears fall. "The memories we share. Good and bad. They will be with you always, mellon nin." The man whispered softly. "This world will go on without me. Almost all of our friends have passed, Legolas. So many whom we both have loved have died and the loss of them hurts me more than I can bear… But that does not mean I forget them." Legolas sighed, his hands clenching the king's tunic as he tried to compose himself. "Iston…" the Elf whispered brokenly. "But