Title: "I Am Fine" Author: LegolasLover2003 aka Ashley Category: Book - "Lord of the Rings" Genre: Angst Rating: T Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to "The Lord of the Rings". I just adore it to pieces! Legede, Morlan, Morfind, Glorenpaur, and Elhael are all of my own creation. You may use them, but please ask for permission to do so first. Author's Note: I started this in January but posted it in the Teitho Fanfiction contest for September 2014. It did not place. -sigh- He had always enjoyed the brisk chill of a winter wind as it rushed along the mountainside. Blond hair wafted in the breeze and for a time, the Sindar prince atop his horse just paused upon the brink, his face upturned to catch the last glimpses of the sun before the clouds swept down from the west. "It will be dark soon." came a voice at the archer's side. Legolas' blue eyes opened and he glanced to his friend and companion with a half smile. "Yes... but can you not feel it, Estel? The change in the air. Firith gives way to Rhîw. Soon my father will change his crown to match the seasons. Soon..." "Soon I shall freeze if we do not get out of this wind." Aragorn replied, urging his mount down the hidden path before them. It would lead the two travelers from the Misty Mountains and the Last Homely House down into the western edge of the Mirkwood. Five days are what Legolas promised the journey to take... and while the Ranger believed his friend's assessment... the weather was beginning to sour much quicker than the pair had anticipated. The clouds from the north west were moving far faster than before, and the bitter cold wind that whipped around the crags and crevices that their horses were traversing made the man shiver despite the well insulated coat he wore. Legolas followed behind, letting the Ranger guide them in the proper direction... at least until they reached the edge of the wood. Then it would be the Elf's turn to navigate their path through the dense forests, taking them the swiftest way possible to his father's halls. As day gave way to night, the friends had to stop and let their horses rest for a time. Before they could find appropriate shelter from the biting wind however... the clouds rumbled and let loose their torrent of icy drenching rain. Legolas urged his horse forward and, taking the reigns of Aragorn's own mount, lead both of them further along the path. His blue eyes were scanning the sides of the rocky face about them... searching... seeking... For his part, the man could not even see the path any longer, so hard was the rain. He trusted the prince, but was not sure if they could finder proper shelter for themselves and their horses. Suddenly the reigns of Aragorn's mount went slack when the man found he had not been paying attention. "Legolas?!" he tried to shout over the torrential noise. There was no sign of the Elf... or his horse... Grabbing the reigns, the Ranger urged his mount forward, until suddenly there was a lithe form standing before the dark beast. Pale hands found the horse's nose and urged him to follow. Not far down the path was a small bend... with an cave that would just barely fit the two horses. Quickly Legolas lead Aragorn's stallion into the space, before walking back toward the end of the cave. "At least I can hear you again..." the Ranger spoke as he dismounted, following the Elf into the gloom. The faint Elven glow of the Eldar was enough to see by for now and as Aragorn stripped off his coat and began to ring it out, he heard the soft laugh at his side. "What?" Legolas smiled, "You thought I had left you." he replied, lithe fingers wringing water from soaked blond locks. "You look terrible, Estel." Rolling his eyes, Aragorn sat down on the cavern floor. "Yes well humans are hardly as sturdy in this sort of weather. I am amazed that..." the man suddenly sneezed. "Great now..." and yet he sneezed again. The prince sat down beside his friend, "I would build a fire but I fear any wood I gather would be too wet. Are you alright?" "I am fine." the man replied... only to sneeze again. "Ugh..." Aragorn groaned, wrapping his arms around his body. "At least we are out of the wind..." Legolas sighed softly, "I had hoped to be out of the mountains before the clouds broke." spoke the Elf, his blue eyes scanning out into the darkness of the night past the horses. "This will delay us..." It was then his ears picked up a slight rustling sound. While the archer's initial instinct was to stand and head for the mouth of the cave, he soon realized it was coming from his side. Aragorn was now wearing nothing but a red undershirt that somehow had survived the harsh rains. "You should get out of that wet tunic, Legolas." he advised, grey eyes flickering over to his companion. "I am hardier of body than you." the prince replied with one raised eyebrow. "I am fine." Sighing, the Ranger rolled his eyes. "Where have I heard that before?" I Am Fine Sitting there in the darkness, Legolas leaned his head back against the rock wall of their sheltering cave. A small smile danced upon his lips as blue eyes stared up at the lines in the ceiling. His companion slept soundly and while they had argued a bit on who would take the first watch... the Elf was far from tired. Soon he would be home... How his heart longed for his father's halls. He had been gone nearly a year to the day, spending much of his time with Aragorn and the twins in Imladris. The prince had even accompanied Strider and the Rangers on a few orc hunting raids during that time. It had been a wonderfully uneventful year... relaxing... his heart healing from the darkness of the woods of his kin. The Mirkwood, while home, was still a frightful place... and Legolas wanted nothing more than to drive the shadow from the trees and let his people breathe the free air again. As the rain outside continued it's deluge, keen blue eyes focused on the world beyond the cave... and he remembered, in that moment, another night when it had rained like this... It seemed such a life time ago... A soft sigh escaped the prince's lips, a look of melancholy soon coming into his eyes. So very long ago... on a night much like this... before the snows came... when he had thought his people invincible... I am fine... Or so I want the world to believe. Yet the world does not truly care... does it? No one comes to aid us... No one fights the shadow on our doorstep... The blood of men does not stain the forest floor... The sounds of a Dwarvish battle cry do not echo from the trees... Mirkwood is alone in it's struggle... We have ever been alone... So I walk through my father's halls with my head held high and determination in my steps. I walk because my heart bids me to run. Because all I want to do is to hide away in the lonely rooms where none frequent. To seek solace and silence even in times of joy... Because I am not fine... But I will not let them see it... I am the Prince of the Greenwood and death should bother me not. And yet... - Caun Legolas Thranduilion The smile did not reach his eyes, and yet none took notice. Legolas entered his father's study with silent steps with that smile upon his face. The assembled Elves looked up to see their prince and while some of the smiles that returned to him were genuine... Some were strained... "Legolas, have you received report from the eastern patrol yet?" Thranduil asked, his attention on the map sprawled upon the desk. The archer shook his head, "Not yet. They are due back before midday. Legede informed me that..." "He informed me as well." the Elvenking replied, straightening and looking across the desk where he stood. Blue eyes landed on the prince, but there was nothing in that stare to speak to the true inner thoughts of his father. "Today is the memorial service for your patrol. I ask that..." "I will be there." The king's blue gaze narrowed slightly as the Elvenking waved a hand, dismissing those gathered around. When he was left alone with his son, Thranduil sighed, sitting behind the desk and folding his hands onto the flat oak surface before him. "Legolas, you need not bear this burden. You have already..." "I will bear it. For it is mine to bear, ada." the younger Elf replied, his eyes locked on a place beyond his father's gaze. No... he could not meet that stare... "Morlan and his soldiers are dead because of me. I will take responsibility for it. That is all I can do." One eyebrow rose on the Elvenking's expression, "All you can do?" Finally the prince's gaze settled on that of his lord. "Yes. Morlan died defending me. He..." "He was weak." Legolas' eyes widened dangerously as he glared openly at the Elvenking. Before he could speak however, there was a knock on the study door. "Hir nin, the eastern patrol has returned." spoke Legede from just outside. Coming around the desk, Thranduil would have continued past his son but Legolas gripped his father's right arm, stilling him. "Morlan was never weak." the prince practically hissed. For a moment, the Elvenking did nothing. Then his blue gaze turned just enough to look at the prince from the corner of his eye. "No. Perhaps not. But it does my heart better to see some spark of life behind your gaze... even if it be anger." Stunned, Legolas released his hold and watched the elder Elf leave. Seconds turned to minutes and the archer knew not how long he had been left standing alone in is father's study. "...golas? Legolas?" Blinking, the prince's gaze fell on Legede standing in the doorway. The white haired captain held his young lord with a stare that spoke of concern. "Legolas... are you..." "I am fine." the archer replied, lifting his chin as, head held high, he took his leave. "You should not do this, hir nin." Legolas paid no attention to Elhael as the elder Elf tried to stop him from entering the room of repose. He pushed past him, his lithe form walking amongst the beds of the dead. They had been cleaned of blood and gore, their garments to be that which would see them beyond this world. Here they rested until the pyre and the service to be held later that night. But there was one body... just one... that tore the very heart from his chest. "Leave me, Elhael." the prince spoke, his gaze fixed on the still form which lay at the end of the chamber. "But, caun nin... your father has instructed that I..." "Give me five minutes, Elhael. What I have to say is not for your ears... nor any who count themselves among the living." Legolas continued, his blue eyes turning to stare at his father's chief advisor. Bowing and understanding his leige's need... Elhael departed, closing the chamber doors behind him. A soft breath passed the archer's lips as once more he found himself captivated by the dead form of his dearest friend. Slowly he walked, soft suede boots never making a single sound, until he was beside the bed. His own warm hand reached out, laying upon the cold still form. And his heart broke. "What have I done?" Legolas whispered, the words catching in his throat as the prince collapsed to his knees beside