Title: Inquisitive Hobbits Want To Know... Author: LegolasLover2003 aka Ashley Category: Book - "The Lord of the Rings" Genre: General Rating: G Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to "The Lord of the Rings" . I just adore it to pieces. Note: This story was written for the April 2014 Teitho Fanfiction Challenge. The Theme was "Mystery". It did not however place. Note 2: Full portion in italics at the beginning is from "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" . As the light grew stronger it showed a silent shrouded world. Below their refuge were white humps and domes and shapeless deeps beneath which the path that they had trodden was altogether lost; but the heights above were hidden in great clouds still heavy with the threat of snow. Gimli looked up and shook his head. 'Caradhras has not forgiven us,' he said. 'He has more snow yet to fling at us, if we go on. The sooner we go back and down the better.' To this all agreed, but their retreat was now difficult. It might well prove impossible. Only a few paces from the ashes of their fire the snow lay many feet deep, higher than the heads of the hobbits; in places it had been scooped and piled by the wind into great drifts against the cliff. 'If Gandalf would go before us with a bright flame, he might melt a path for you,' said Legolas. The storm troubled him little, and he alone of the Company remained still light of heart. 'If Elves could fly over mountains, they might fetch the Sun to save us,' answered Gandalf. 'But I must have something to work on. I cannot burn snow.' 'Well,' said Boromir, 'when heads are at a loss bodies must serve, as we say in my country. The strongest of us must seek a way. See! Though all is now snow-clad, our path, as we came up, turned about that shoulder of rock down yonder. It was there that the snow first began to burden us. If we could reach that point, maybe it would prove easier beyond. It is not more than a furlong off, I guess.' 'Then let us force a path thither, you and I!' said Aragorn. Aragorn was the tallest of the Company, but Boromir, little less in height, was broader and heavier in build. He led the way, and Aragorn followed him. Slowly they moved off, and were soon toiling heavily. In places the snow was breast-high, and often Boromir seemed to be swimming or burrowing with his great arms rather than walking. Legolas watched them for a while with a smile upon his lips, and then he turned to the others. 'The strongest must seek a way, say you? But I say: let a ploughman plough, but choose an otter for swimming, and for running light over grass and leaf, or over snow – an Elf.' With that he sprang forth nimbly, and then Frodo noticed as if for the first time, though he had long known it, that the Elf had no boots, but wore only light shoes, as he always did, and his feet made little imprint in the snow. 'Farewell!' he said to Gandalf. 'I go to find the Sun!' Then swift as a runner over firm sand he shot away, and quickly overtaking the toiling men, with a wave of his hand he passed them, and sped into the distance, and vanished round the rocky turn. The others waited huddled together, watching until Boromir and Aragorn dwindled into black specks in the whiteness. At length they too passed from sight. The time dragged on. The clouds lowered, and now a few flakes of snow came curling down again, An hour, maybe, went by, though it seemed far longer, and then at last they saw Legolas coming back. At the same time Boromir and Aragorn reappeared round the bend far behind him and came labouring up the slope. 'Well,' cried Legolas as he ran up, 'I have not brought the Sun. She is walking in the blue fields of the South, and a little wreath of snow on this Redhorn hillock troubles her not at all. But I have brought back a gleam of good hope for those who are doomed to go on feet. There is the greatest wind-drift of all just beyond the turn, and there our Strong Men were almost buried. They despaired, until I returned and told them that the drift was little wider than a wall. And on the other side the snow suddenly grows less, while further down it is no more than a white coverlet to cool a hobbit's toes.' 'Ah, it is as I said,' growled Gimli. 'It was no ordinary storm. It is the ill will of Caradhras. He does not love Elves and Dwarves, and that drift was laid to cut off our escape.' 'But happily your Caradhras as forgotten that you have Men with you,' said Boromir, who came up at that moment. 'And doughty Men too, if I may say it; though lesser men with spades might have served you better. Still, we have thrust a lane through the drift; and for that all here may be grateful who cannot run as light as Elves.' 'But how are we to get down there, even if you have cut through the drift?' said Pippin, voicing the thought of all the hobbits. 'Have hope!' said Boromir. 'I am weary, but I still have some strength left, and Aragorn too. We will bear the little folk. The others no doubt will make shift to tread the path behind us. Come, Master Peregrin! I will begin with you.' He lifted up the hobbit. 'Cling to my back! I shall need my arms,' he said and strode forward. Aragorn with Merry came behind. Pippin marvelled at his strength, seeing the passage that he had already forced with no other tool than his great limbs. Even now, burdened as he was, he was widening the track for those who followed, thrusting the snow aside as he went. They came at length to the great drift. It was flung across the mountain-path like a sheer and sudden wall, and its crest, sharp as if shaped with knives, reared up more than twice the height of Boromir; but through the middle a passage had been beaten, rising and falling like a bridge. On the far side Merry and Pippin were set down, and there they waited with Legolas for the rest of the Company to arrive. After a while Boromir returned carrying Sam. Behind in the narrow but now well-trodden track came Gandalf, leading Bill with Gimli perched among the baggage. Last came Aragorn carrying Frodo. Inquisitive Hobbits Want To Know... "It's been bothering me for a while now..." Blinking at the sudden break in the silence, well... a silence that consisted of Gandalf muttering mostly to himself about stubborn spells, Legolas glanced down to the pair of Hobbits who were sitting nearby. The Elf himself was standing beneath a large tree, barely to be seen in the darkness, so similar were his garments to the bark and foliage that shielded him from view. "What has, Master Merry?" the archer asked, curious as to why the Brandybuck was starring at him quizzically. In truth, Legolas was half tempted to ask if he had a stick bug on his head or something else of equal interest. The young Hobbit folded his arms over his chest, leaning back slightly upon the rock he was sitting against and fixing the Elf with an even more intense stare. "How'd you do it?" Legolas laughed slightly, "Do what? I ask again for I have no idea what has you so perplexed, my good Hobbit." "The snow!" Pippin replied from Merry's side, watching the archer now as well. "Merry an I've been trying ta figure it out a while now and neither of us can come up with an answer." For a moment, Legolas just stared at the two before glancing at Aragorn with a look that plainly said, 'Help... I do not speak Hobbit...' because for the life of the prince, he knew not what they meant about 'the snow.' Aragorn of course, started to laugh. "I asked Legolas that once myself." spoke the Ranger as he stood, stretching his long legs before walking over to sit on the ground beneath the tree. "You would think it the shoes." the man continued, grabbing one of Legolas' legs by the ankle and lifting it up. "Estel!" the prince jumped upward slightly. Just enough to grab a tree limb overhead and keep himself from falling over at the sudden upheaval to his balance. "Taw nu-carel, goro nin..." Legolas muttered, to which the human just smirked and continued talking, now pointing at the underside of the archer's foot. ~([Warn me before doing that...])~ "Legolas' shoes are very light, but as you can see, they are not so different from the shoes of a maiden, at least where the sole is concerned." Raising one eyebrow, Legolas stared at the human in annoyance. "Nin ad-sui gwên..." ~{[Compare me to a maiden again...]}~ "Ú-le. Lîn hebaid." Aragorn replied, waving a hand dismissively at the Elf. ~{[Not you. Your shoes.]}~ This of course made the Hobbits smirk at each other, though they knew not what was being said of course, and the archer bristle just a tad at being a joke. "Estel..." Yet the man continued as if his friend had said nothing. "So it can not be the shoes, can it?" "Are Elves just lighter in general?" Merry asked, watching the human and Elf in amusement. "I mean, he looks like he would weigh the same as yourself... maybe less but not by much." Aragorn glanced up at the prince, letting go of Legolas' ankle. "Well I would pick him up to show that he weighs as much as myself but..." "But I would kick you if you tried to at this point." the archer replied as he released his hold on the tree and suddenly... well... he was simply standing on the Ranger's head! Both Hobbits gaped at this, their eyes going wide and mouths hanging a bit slack jawed. It was eventually Merry who found his voice first however. "I... I thought you weighed..." "Weighed the same? Yes." Legolas replied before lightly jumping down from the top of the human's head to land on the ground beside the two Hobbits. "But unlike mortals who clomp and plod about, Elves pick their footing, thank you." he spoke with a now amused smile of his own. "We distribute our weight evenly, adjusting it as needed for the terrain. My foot prints in the snow were very light and barely to be seen, correct?" Merry nodded, but it was Pippin this time who finally spoke up. "I didnna even notice them til Frodo pointed them out ta me." spoke the young Took. "How is it you didnna break Aragorn's neck like that?" "Because it was not the first time I stood on his head." Legolas replied as he crouched down at Hobbit level beside the pair. "Would you like to hear a story, Master Peregrin?" At this turn of events... Aragorn groaned... "THIS ISN'T FAIR!" The laughing voices of a pair of snickering Elves wafted down from the trees to the young human as Estel stood in the midst of a blanketed field of snow within the confines of Imladris. Of course, being a mortal, the poor boy was almost up to his chest in the white stuff, which was quite impressive when one considered he was only twelve years of age and still had quite a bit of growing to do. Again there was a thumping thud of a sound as snow in the form of a ball hit the boy on the head from above. "RO! EL! How it is fair to hold a snowball fight if you