Title: Úthaes in Dúnedain Title Translation: Temptation of the West Men Author: LegolasLover2003 aka Ashley Category: Book - "The Lord of the Rings" Genre: General Rating: G Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to "The Lord of the Rings" . I just adore it to pieces. Note: This story was written for the February 2014 Teitho Fanfiction Challenge. The Theme was "Temptation". It did not however place. Note 2: Full portions in italics are from the books. The opening scene is from the Extended Edition of the first film. The softly flowing sounds of the Anduin reached the ears of those assembled. Night had been upon them when finally the boats were moored, pulled up onto the pebbled shoals. No fire burned that night, barely a sound passed in the darkness. Frodo and Sam spoke to one another in hushed whispers, eyes ever on the water and the opposite bank. Merry and Pippin turned in early, wrapped in their bedrolls with not but tufts of hair and feet sticking out to be seen. For his part, Legolas took the first watch, lightly scaling the bank and disappearing into the foliage, hidden from all sight and making not a sound as he watched the world from the protected perch of a tree. At it's trunk, Gimli took up his own watch, grumbling to himself about how Elves really needed to keep their feet on the ground. After all, what danger would come at them from the skies this night? Legolas had disagreed of course, citing the dark shape his bow had shot from the sky not too long before. This left the two men to see to the camp. While Aragorn busied himself checking their supplies, Boromir was more concerned with the strange floating log that seemed to move with a speed unnatural to the flow of the river. So it was that the Gondorian stood, one gloved hand pressed against a boulder near the water's edge, his blue eyes peering into the darkness in an attempt to see that which caused the ill feeling in his heart. "Gollum." spoke Aragorn, the man moving along the bank as he came to stand at Boromir's right side. "He has tracked us since Moria. I had hoped we would lose him on the river, but he is too clever a waterman." Just the thought of the gnarled creature, the memory of tracking that pitiful form and subsequently having to haul him all the way to the Mirkwood brought up feelings of disgust. Aragorn's hand absently went to his sword, fingers touching the hilt and his mind taking comfort in the nearness of the blade. "And if he alerts the enemy to our whereabouts it will make the crossing even more dangerous." lamented Boromir with a sigh. Turning, his gaze lighted on the Ranger. "Minas Tirith is the safer road. You know that. From there we can regroup. Strike out for Mordor from a place of strength." Sighing slightly, Aragorn addressed an issue that had been on their minds for far too long. "There is no strength in Gondor that can avail us." "You were quick enough to trust the Elves!" Boromir suddenly spoke, his voice harsh but never carrying too loudly. This was not a conversation, nay argument, that he wanted the Hobbits to be privy to. Nor, the Gondorian would later realize, the Elf either. "Have you so little faith in your own people? Yes there is weakness, there is frailty, but there is courage also and honor to be found in Men, but you will not see that." Aragorn had heard enough. He knew where this conversation would go... where it would end... and the path upon which it traveled was not one that he wished to dwell upon. The Ranger had a mind to finish making camp, to just ignore the underlying question within the Gondorian's words. But suddenly he felt a hand on his arm, fingers grasping the edge of his cloak and forcing the man to turn and face the Steward's son. "You are afraid. All your life, you have hidden in the shadows. Scared of who you are, of what you are." Boromir spoke harshly, his words nearly venomous. There was truth there yes... but more than that, Aragorn sensed a darkness... a desperate need and a last minute plea to see what the other man would deem as 'reason'. The Ranger had always hidden in the shadows... never wanting to take up the mantle which he feared destined to be thrust upon him, never wishing for the day to come when his lineage would be known to the world... and with the knowledge would go the freedom of days gone by. Legolas had once joked that Estel had feared to grow up... and perhaps his friend had a point to a certain degree. And yet Aragorn had grown, in more ways than he wished to think about. He knew the evils that walked the lands in these dark times... knew the pain and the suffering of the free peoples of Middle-earth... and he knew, perhaps best of all, the lies of the wicked... and what those lies could bring forth. Turning away from Boromir, the Ranger once more intended to ignore him, but anger rose... anger that this man thought he knew Aragorn's true heart... anger at the notion of being a coward when he had always been anything but. Swiftly, the man whirled round on Boromir and, in a voice barely heard by the Gondorian but with enough anger in the words to make it clear that this discussion was at an end, he replied. "I will not lead the Ring within a hundred leagues of your city." Úthaes in Dúnedain Temptation of the West Men The night passed silently. No voice or call was heard again across the water. The travellers huddled in their boats felt the changing of the weather. The air grew warm and very still under the great moist clouds that had floated up from the South and the distant seas. The rushing of the River over the rocks of the rapids seemed to grow louder and closer. The twigs of the trees above them began to drip. When the day came the mood of the world about them had become soft and sad. Slowly the dawn grew to a pale light, diffused and shadowless. There was mist on the River, and white fog swathed the shore; the far bank could not be seen. 'I can't abide fog,' said Sam; 'but this seems to be a lucky one. Now perhaps we can get away without those cursed goblins seeing us.' 'Perhaps so,' said Aragorn. 'But it will be hard to find the path unless the fog lifts a little later on. And we must find the path, if we are to pass Sarn Gebir and come to the Emyn Muil.' 'I do not see why we should pass the Rapids or follow the River any further,' said Boromir. 'If the Emyn Muil lie before us, then we can abandon these cockle-boats, and strike westward and southward, until we come to the Entwash and cross into my own land.' 'We can, if we are making for Minas Tieith,' said Aragorn, 'but that is not yet agreed. And such a course may be more perilous than it sounds. The vale of Entwash is flat and fenny, and fog is a deadly peril there for those on foot and laden. I would not abandon our boats until we must. The River is at least a path that cannot be missed.' 'But the Enemy holds the eastern bank,' objected Boromir. 'And even if you pass the Gates of Argonath and come unmolested to the Tindrock, what will you do then? Leap down the Falls and land in the marshes?' 'No!' answered Aragorn. 'Say rather that we will bear our boats by the ancient way to Rauros-foot, and there take to the water again. Do you not know, Boromir, or do you choose to forget the North Stair, and the high seat upon Amon Hen, that were made in the days of the great kings? I at least have a mind to stand in that high place again, before I decide my further course. There, maybe, we shall see some sign that will guide us.' Boromir held out long against this choice, but when it became plain that Frodo would follow Aragorn, wherever he went, he gave in. 'It is not the way of the Men of Minas Tirith to desert their friends at need,' he said, 'and you will need my strength, if ever you are to reach the Tindrock. To the tall isle I will go, but no further. There I shall turn to my home, alone if my help has not earned the reward of any companionship.' Trudging up the incline, Aragorn was surprised to see Gimli standing there. His arms here resting on the head of his axe, the pole of which the Dwarf seemed to be using like a walking stick, though he did not walk. Both Gimli and Legolas had doubled their watches through the night, taking the first and the last. "Something on yer mind, laddie?" For a moment, the Ranger almost smiled... almost... but the feeling passed and he glanced around the thicket which was not far from their meager camp. "I came looking for..." "For me?" The voice startled Aragorn, though he should have known that the Elf would be nearby. Glancing up into the boughs of a large oak, the man nodded. "Yes, Legolas. For you." With a nimbleness known only to his kin, the archer picked his way along the branches as easily as if he were descending a set of stairs. Soon light booted feet were on firm ground once more, the Elf having made not a single sound the entire time. "I have seen nothing this night to suggest we are being watched... but I still feel uneasy, Estel." in the prince's hand was his bow, strung and ready just in case. Nodding, Aragorn motioned to their camp. "If the two of you will follow me back... I would like to let the others know." "Know what?" Gimli asked, one bushy eyebrow rising in question. "That Legolas and I are going scouting... just in case." The day was now growing, and the fog had lifted a little. It was decided that Aragorn and Legolas should at once go forward along the shore, while the others remained by the boats. Aragorn hoped to find some way by which they could carry both their boats and their baggage to the smoother water beyond the Rapids. 'Boats of the Elves would not sink, maybe,' he said, 'but that does not say that we should come through Sarn Gebir alive. None have ever done so yet. No road was made by the Men of Gondor int his region, for even in their great days their realm did not reach up Anduin beyond the Emyn Muil; but there is a portage-way somewhere on the western shore, if I can find it. It cannot yet have perished; for light boats used to journey out of Wilderland down to Osgiliath, and still did so until a few years ago, when the Orcs of Mordor began to multiply.' 'Seldom in my life has any boat come out of the North, and the Orcs prowl on the east-shore,' said Boromir. 'If you go forward, peril will grow with every mile, even if you find a path.' 'Peril lies ahead on every southward road,' answered Aragorn. 'Wait for us one day. If we do not return in that time, you will know that evil has indeed befallen us. Then you must take a new leader and follow him as best you can.' It was with a heavy hard that Frodo saw Aragorn and Legolas climb the steep bank and vanish into the mists; "Man cenich?" Legolas sighed slightly, "Nothing. I see trees