Title: "Over-kindness 'Twas Our Undoing" Author: LegolasLover2003 aka Ashley Category: Book - "Lord of the Rings" Genre: Angst/Adventure Rating: PG Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to "The Lord of the Rings" . I just adore it to pieces! NOTE: This oneshot was written for the March 2013 Teitho contest. It got 2nd place! I haven't placed in a while... Woot! 'And I,' said Aragorn, 'counselled that we should hunt for Gollum, too late though it may seem. And since it seemed fit that Isildur's heir should labour to repair Isildur's fault, I went with Gandalf on the long and hopeless search.' Then Gandalf told how they had explored the whole length of Wilderland, down even to the Mountains of Shadow and the fences of Mordor. 'There we had rumour of him, and we guess that he dwelt there long in the dark hills; but we never found him, and at last I despaired.' 'At once I took my leave of Denethor, but even as I went northwards, messages came to me out of Lorien that Aragorn had passed that way, and that he had found the creature called Gollum. Therefore I went first to meet him and hear his tale. Into what deadly peril he had gone alone I dared not guess.' 'There is little need to tell of them,' said Aragorn. 'If a man must needs walk in sight of the Black Gate, or tread the deadly flowers of Morgul Vale, then perils he will have. I, too, despaired at last, and I began my homeward journey. And then, by fortune, I came suddenly on what I sought: the marks of soft feet beside a muddy pool. But now the trail was fresh and swift, and it led not to Mordor but away. Along the skirts of the Dead Marshes I followed it, and then I had him. Lurking by a stagnant mere, peering in the water as the dark eve fell, I caught him, Gollum. He was covered with green slime. He will never love me, I fear; for he bit me, and I was not gentle. Nothing more did I ever get from his mouth than the marks of his teeth. I deemed it the worst part of all my journey, the road back, watching him day and night, making him walk before me with a halter on his neck, gagged, until he was tamed by lack of drink and food, driving him ever towards Mirkwood. I brought him there at last and gave him to the Elves, for we had agreed that this should be done; and I was glad to be rid of his company, for he stank. For my part I hope never to look upon him again; but Gandalf came and endured long speech with him.' All sat silent for a while, until at length Boromir spoke. 'He is a small thing, you say, this Gollum? Small, but great in mischief. What became of him? To what doom did you put him?' 'He is in prison, but no worse,' said Aragorn. 'He had suffered much. There is no doubt that he was tormented, and the fear of Sauron lies black on his heart. Still I for one am glad that he is safely kept by the watchful Elves of Mirkwood. His malice is withered. He could work much mischief still, if he was free. And I do not doubt that he was allowed to leave Mordor on some evil errand.' 'Alas! Alas!' cried Legolas, and in his fair elvish face there was great distress. 'The tidings that I was sent to bring must now be told. They are not good, but only here have I learned how evil they may seem to the company. Smeagol, who is now called Gollum, has escaped.' 'Escaped?' cried Aragorn. 'This is ill news indeed. We shall all rue it bitterly, I fear. How cam the folk of Thranduil to fail in their trust?' 'Not through lack of watchfulness,' said Legolas, 'but perhaps through over-kindness. And we fear that the prisoner had aid from others, and that more is known of our doings than we could wish. We guarded this creature day and night, at Gandalf's bidding, much though we wearied of the task. But Gandalf bade us hope still for his cure, and we had not the heart to keep him ever in dungeons under the earth, where he would fall back into his old black thoughts.' 'You were less tender to me,' said Gloin with a flash of his eyes, as old memories were stirred of his imprisonment in the deep places of the Elven-king's halls. 'Now come!' said Gandalf. 'Pray do not interrupt, my good Gloin. That was a regrettable misunderstanding, long set right. If all the grievances that stand between Elves and Dwarves are to be brought up here, we may as well abandon this Council.' Gloin rose and bowed, and Legolas continued. 'In the days of fair weather we led Gollum through the woods; and there was a high tree standing alone far from the others which he liked to climb. Often we let him mount up to the highest branches, until he felt the free wind; but we set a guard at the tree's foot. One day he refused to come down, and the guards had no mind to climb after him: he had learned the trick of clinging to boughs with his feet as well as with his hands; so they sat by the tree far into the night. 'It was that very night of summer, yet moonless and starless, that Orcs came on us at unawares. We drove them off after some time; they were many and fierce, but they came from over the mountains, and were unused to the woods. When the battle was over, we found that Gollum was gone, and his guards were slain or taken. It then seemed plain to us that the attack had been made for his rescue, and that he knew of it beforehand. How that was contrived we cannot guess; but Gollum is cunning, and the spies of the Enemy are many. The dark things that were driven out in the year of the Dragon's fall have returned in greater numbers, and Mirkwood is again an evil place, save where our realm is maintained. 'We have failed to recapture Gollum. We came on his trail among those of many Orcs, and it plunged deep into the Forest, going south. But ere long it escaped our skill, and we dared not continue the hunt; for we were drawing nigh to Dol Guldur, and that is still a very evil place; we do not go that way.' 'Well, well, he is gone,' said Gandalf. 'We have no time to seek for him again. He must do what he will. But he may play a part yet that neither he nor Sauron have forseen. Over-kindness 'Twas Our Undoing Imladris - October 25 th , III 3018 "Did you not think we tried to keep our promise?" an angry blue gaze turned, catching two identical sets of eyes with their gleam. "Mithrandir and Estel brought him to us and we tossed him away, set up guards, and kept our promise. But you know as well as I that to keep something so pitiful in the dark hurts the heart, and Gandalf bade us to set Smeagol on a path of healing, not one of further injury!" "And did you not learn from your mistake with the Dwarves? Did you not learn to keep your guard strong?" Elladan replied, holding his hands out to his sides in exasperation. "Instead of holding him in the palace dungeons, as mayhap you should have done for I doubt you would want history to repeat itself once more, mellon nin, you let him run the wilds of your wood free as a squirrel!" "A very vulgar squirrel..." his twin added. But that reminder only made things worse and Legolas slammed his goblet down on the table. "He is a crafty waterman and you know as well as I that our kingdom thrives on trade from the river. We have not the power to block that water nor bend it to our will and if our home were not so close to the Taurduin then perhaps he would not have escaped our grasp so readily! Even the Elves of Celebannon could not track him swiftly enough upon the water, and our scouts had little luck but to encounter Orc after murderous Orc within the forest. If not for Dol Guldur..." "If not for your father's love of Dorwinion wine, Gollum might still be in your dungeon." Elrohir sighed... to which the human, sitting off to the side of the exchange, visibly winced. "How beneath it's influence was the Elvenking when issuing the command to let the creature run loose?" One of Aragorn's hands raised, "Sidh... arguing as to whom is at fault is folly at this point and you all know it. The point is, Gollum has escaped the Elves... and I will set out to recapture him if I may. But..." "But nothing!" Legolas replied, enraged at the words of the twin sons of Elrond. "Friends of mine gave their lives to keep that creature from the hands of our enemy, and you would insult my father and the line of Oropher while we fight and toil, ALONE, against the growing darkness beneath our very boughs! We are not so lucky as YOU." and the blue eyes of the prince told the small group of friends that the conversation was over. He stood, sweeping around the table... but stopped just at the doorway. "We have not the strength of the Noldor. Unless you have forgotten, my people were left as fodder to the enemy in days of old. Sometimes you sacrifice too much... and then you learn when to pull back your arm and shore up your own defenses. Do not fault my father... when it was my hands through which Gollum slipped. Not his." There was a flash of blond hair and Legolas' mauve cloak... and then the prince was gone. Sighing, Aragorn glanced at his brothers, who both exchanged rather sheepish looks. The ranger stood, setting down the goblet from his own hand. "That was not so courteous, muindyr nin." Elrohir smirked slightly, "And now it seems only Estel can right our wrongs, hm?" "If only you are lucky. Legolas may not hold the grudges of his father, but know this... the both of you... he is no less stubborn." the human replied, pointing at each dark-haired Elf in turn before striding off after the furious archer. Rage would serve none of them well this day. Mirkwood - March 21 st , III 3017 "It is repulsive." Aragorn laughed, glancing to the blond Elf standing at his side. "Laugh not. You smell and look just as terrible." Legolas joked, waving a pair of guards over. While the prince spoke with them, the Ranger found himself watching the small huddling and hissing form of Gollum not far away. The creature smelt as if it knew not what a bath was, and it looked almost as foul as its odor. Those small sharp teeth, Estel knew firsthand, could do quite a bit of damage. The indentations on his arm bracers could attest quite readily to that fact. "We shall keep him in our dungeons. Until you or Mithrandir call for him." Legolas spoke up, drawing the Ranger's attention back to him. "My father is none too pleased... but he understands how dire the need for action has become." Estel nodded, glancing the creature's way as a group of four Mirkwood Elves lead him off into the tunnels, no doubt his final destination to be the dungeons themselves. His grey eyes flickered back to the archer. "When you say King Thranduil is not pleased..." "I mean that he has given me charge over our new prisoner... much to my own