Title: "All Bruises Fade With Time" Author: LegolasLover2003 aka Ashley Category: Book - "Lord of the Rings" Genre: Angst/Drama Rating: T Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to "The Lord of the Rings" . I just adore it to pieces! Author's Note: This story was written for the February 2008 challenge in the Teitho Fanfiction Contest, Good Vs. Evil. I TOOK 3rd PLACE! WOOT! "Are you sure?" The small blond head nodded enthusiastically. "It will take a lot of hard work and practice, ion nin. I..." Bright blue eyes opened even wider, tears swimming in their depths. "Please ada?" the Elfling's soft voice spoke. "I want to learn... and Legede already agreed to teach me." Looking up, Thranduil sighed, his gaze on the elder Elf before him. "Are you sure, mellon nin? You have never taken on an apprentice before." the Elvenking grinned. "Much to my own chagrin." Legede returned his lord's smile. "Your ada, hir nin, was a proficient archer. You learned from a warrior far more skilled than I." "Modesty does not become you, Legede." Thranduil sighed, turning his gaze back to his son. "Very well then, Legolas. You have my permission." Before the Elfling could jump for joy, for that was surely on his mind, the Elvenking held up a hand. "But under one condition." Legolas' smile was enormous. "Anything ada!" "No matter how hard it is, Legolas... you can not give up. Are we agreed?" With another enthusiastic nod, the young Mirkwood prince set himself on the path to become the greatest archer that Middle-earth had ever seen... All Bruises Fade With Time Legolas laid down his paddle and took up the bow that he had brought from Lorien. Then he sprang ashore and climbed a few paces up the bank. Stringing the bow and fitting an arrow he turned, peering back over the River into the darkness. Across the water there were shrill cries, but nothing could be seen. Frodo looked up at the Elf standing tall above him, as he gazed into the night, seeking a mark to shoot at. His head was dark, crowned with sharp white stars that glittered in the black pools of the sky behind. But now rising and sailing up from the South the great clouds advanced, sending out dark outriders into the starry fields. A sudden dread fell on the Company. 'Elbereth Gilthoniel!' sighed Legolas as he looked up. Even as he did so, a dark shape, like a cloud and yet not a cloud, for it moved far more swiftly, came out of the blackness in the South, and sped towards the Company, blotting out all light as it approached. Soon it appeared as a great winged creature, blacker than the pits in the night. Fierce voices rose up to greet it from across the water. Frodo felt a sudden chill running through him and clutching his heart; there was a deadly cold, like the memory of an old wound, in his shoulder. He crouched down, as if to hide. Suddenly the great bow of Lorien sang. Shrill went the arrow from the elven-string. Frodo looked up. Almost above hm the winged shape swerved. There was a harsh croaking scream, as it fell out of the air, vanishing down into the gloom of the eastern shore. The sky was clear again. There was a tumult of many voices far away, cursing and wailing in the darkness, and then silence. Neither shaft nor cry came again from the east that night. After a while, Aragorn led the boats back upstream. They felt their way along the water's edge for some distance, until they found a small shallow bay. A few low trees grew there close to the water, and behind them rose a steep rocky bank. Here the Company decided to stay and await the dawn: it was useless to attempt to move further by night. They made no camp and lit no fire, but lay huddled in the boats, moored close together. 'Praised be the bow of Galadriel, and the hand and eye of Legolas!' said Gimli, as he munched a wafer of lembas. 'That was a mighty shot in the dark, my friend!' 'But who can say what it hit?' said Legolas. 'I cannot,' said Gimli. 'But I am glad that the shadow came no nearer. I liked it not at all. Too much it reminded me of the shadow in Moria - the shadow of the Balrog,' he ended in a whisper. 'It was not a Balrog,' said Frodo, still shivering with the chill that had come upon him. 'It was something colder. I think it was —' Then he paused and fell silent. 'What do you think?' asked Boromir eagerly, leaning from his boat, as if he was trying to catch a glimpse of Frodo's face. 'I think - No, I will not say,' answered Frodo. 'Whatever it was, its fall has dismayed our enemies.' 'So it seems,' said Aragorn. 'Yet where they are, and how many, and what they will do next, we do not know. This night we must all be sleepless! Dark hides us now. But what the day will show who can tell? Have your weapons close to hand!' Darkness surrounded the Fellowship, pressing in upon all of their minds. For a long time, none spoke after Aragorn's statement, but every member held steel close. Aragorn and Boromir both held their swords against their chests, listening... waiting... The four Hobbits huddled together for warmth, each one clutching to the hilt of a shinny dagger. Gimli kept his axe near at hand. And Legolas, the only member to not hold steel this night, laid his bow over his chest, staring up at the stars. "What do you think on, mellon nin?" Looking to the side, Legolas smiled slightly. He lay next to Aragorn, the two friends trying to find some semblance of peace in the chaos that both knew was sure to come. "I wonder about what I shot down today." the prince replied. "Which foul creature of Sauron's make flew over our boats this night?" Aragorn shook his head, "Frodo knows, though he is loath to speak it..." "They are frightened, Estel." Legolas moved slightly, turning so he could check on the Hobbits. "They fear what lurks in the dark... waiting for us." Gimli scoffed at this notion. "Fear? Bah! I bet these lads would cheer up if somethin' were ta get their minds offa this sorry state." Smiling, the Elf nodded. "Indeed it would, Master Dwarf. Though I highly doubt anything short of a feast could cheer up our small companions." "Could ya tell a story?" Glancing across the boat, the Elven prince spied the curly hair of Peregrin Took. He was peeking over the side of the boat which he, Merry, and Boromir shared. The inquisitive look in the Hobbit's eyes begged for a tale, begged for an end to the constant fear and waiting. Legolas smiled softly, "What sort of tale would you like to hear, Master Peregrin?" The Hobbit was silent for a long moment, but when he answered, he was smiling. "Ya just shot down a great creature. How'd ya get so good with tha bow?" "The bow?" the Elf shook his head slightly, "I have had years of practice, Master Hobbit. But the use of such a weapon is not as easy as it may look." Suddenly however, even Frodo pipped in a question. "But you're so quick with it." the usually quiet Hobbit spoke up. "I mean... In the blink of an eye, your bow is strung and an arrow singing into the night." "Legolas had a wonderful teacher." Aragorn said, glancing to the Elf at his side. "Granted, the tale may frighten the Hobbits more if told in this gloom." "It... it's scary?" Frodo sighed, nudging the gardener. "Come on, Sam. It's just a story." "Very well then." Legolas proclaimed. "I shall tell you how I came to learn this skill. But the tale is no easy thing, though... I suppose... neither is archery itself..." "Get up, Legolas." The Elfling winced, clearly sore and in pain. Blue eyes found those of Legede, and the prince wondered, if not for the first time, if his father's long time friend and mentor... were actually trying to kill him. "Get up." "I can't!" the Prince snapped quickly, his tears of pain turning into ones of anger. "It hurts, Legede..." The white haired Elf's stern expression never changed however. "If you want to become an archer, nay a warrior, Legolas, then you will have to learn that pain is a necessary evil." He knelt next to the Elfling who sat upon the ground. "Pain is our body's way of telling us that something is wrong. And yet sometimes, you will have to push past that pain to save yourself or to save the lives of those under your leadership and command." The Prince glared at him, clutching his arm close to his chest. "Why can't I have one of those?" he asked, his voice tinged with a hint of betrayal. Legede shook his head however, "From now on, Legolas, until I deem you ready, you will not shoot with an bracer on your forearm. You may not always have one at your disposal." "But it hurts!" the Elfling cried, "and it... it's all purple and black and..." "And it will hurt for sometime." Legede replied before standing, though he did not help the younger Elf up. "That is enough practice for today. I want you to do those exercises that I taught you. Tomorrow, we will begin the lesson again and at that time, I will see how much you have improved." Legolas stood, obviously vexed at the white haired Elf. "Just how am I supposed to do that when I can't even move my arm?" he asked angrily. But the elder Elf only smiled slightly at the Prince. "I want you to also use the looking glass in your chambers. Practice the stance I told you." "Legede!" But the Captain of Mirkwood's guard had turned and was walking back to the palace proper. Enraged, Legolas picked up the quiver that lay on the ground beside him, hurling it after the Elf. It missed, and Legede let it lie. "Ada will care..." the Elfling whispered, sniffing back tears. "Ada will make him be nice. It's not supposed to hurt..." "But Ada!" Thranduil shook his head, waving a hand for one of the nearby servants to refill his goblet of wine. "I told you before, Legolas... you are not to quit your lessons." "But Ada, Legede doesn't care if I get hurt or not!" the Prince protested, having not even touched his food yet. But Thranduil merely smiled, reaching out for his goblet and sipping the Dorwinion beverage within. His blue gaze glanced up, seeing his obviously vexed his son was on the matter. Before he had time to reply however, the sound of clattering silverware reached the Elvenking's ears and he watched as Legolas stood from the table. In a fit of anger, the Prince had slammed his napkin back onto the fine dishes. "You don't care." he whispered, his gaze narrowed on the elder Elf. "No one cares! He won't let me wear an arm guard, and he expects me to be perfect on my first day! He doesn't ask if I'm alright when my arm is more bruised than the backside of a Dwarf trying to ride a horse!" "You know, ion nin..." Thranduil spoke softly. "He does what he thinks is best. Do you realize how many have begged Legede to be taught the art of the bow and arrow? For thousands of years, he refused. I'll admit it now that he is older and, in many ways, wiser than myself. If Legede deems you fit to learn, for he came to me on the matter, Legolas, not you, then you will learn. It is either that... or you remain inside for