Title: "Ú-erich o Nin Gwanno" Author: LegolasLover2003 aka Ashley Category: Book - "The Lord of the Rings" Genre: Angst/Adventure Rating: M Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to "The Lord of the Rings" . I just adore it to pieces! Legede, Legolia, Morlan, Elhael, Glorenpaur, and Cirithor are characters of my own invention. You may use them, but please ask permission to do so first. The forest was ablaze with light, the tongues of fire licking the trees and catching each leaf and twig aflame. It coursed through the branches, destroying anything it touched. A ring of fire, crafted by Goblins had separated the Mirkwood patrol. In league with the foul spawn of Ungoliant, the Goblins set the trees aflame, penning the Elves in with the wicked spiders who sprang and spun their webs from a safe distance. Fighting as a unit had been impossible then as the smoke obscured the keen sight of the Firstborn. For his part, Legolas had leapt into the nearest tree to rain arrows down upon the Goblins and spiders... until one of the arachnids ambushed him, spitting a poisonous burning bile in his face. Everything had gone black then, the prince screaming as he fell back against the tree in agonizing pain. The crackling of the burning forest, the choking cloud of smoke that surrounded him... Legolas focused inward, trying desperately to calm himself... but his eyes refused to find the light and his body could feel the flames coming ever closer. "LEGOLAS!" The prince knew that voice! He and a handful of warriors had been separated from Legede's forces and now the Elven captain was surely coming to his aid. Legolas opened his mouth to call to his friend... but in doing so he drew in a deep breath of smoke and began to cough violently. He dared not loosen his grasp from the tree, for the Elf knew not what awaited him on the forest floor. Spiders? Goblins? Fire? How high up was he? "LEGOLAS!" Again the prince tried to call to the captain, but this time the coughing doubled his lithe body over. Unable to see and clutching blindly at the tree for support, the Elf lost his footing. His form plummeted from the tree, hitting anything in it's path on the way down. A sickening crack exploded in his chest, a scream ripping itself from lungs starved for clean air. But there were no flames beneath, for the fires had stopped their spread... if only by the grace of the Valar. Large drops of rain had begun to fall, soaking the outlying forests of Mirkwood in their cold wet tears. The Goblins and the spiders now had more than just one or two Elves to contend with, for Legede's warriors had swarmed the glade mere moments after the prince's fall, battling back the shadows that threatened their homeland and their kin. For a time, Legolas lay alone on the slowly muddying ground, his chest rising and falling, but with great pain. "Legolas..." The prince's lips parted to speak the captain's name, but all that came forth was a gasp, then a fit of coughing and something warmer than the rain flecking his cheeks and bubbling over his lips. It hurt so badly to draw breath. With eyes still unable to see, one lithe hand reached out, grasping the edge of what he could only guess was Legede's cloak as the prince tried desperately to speak. Then there were suddenly hands on him, pushing aside his tunic and undoing the straps of the archer's quiver. The pressure on Legolas' chest intensified for the briefest of moments, his body jerking in pain. "His ribs are broken. One must have punctured his lung." Legede was speaking to the warriors around him. There was a ripping sound and then a binding around the prince's chest. Again Legolas tried to speak, blood on his lips as he did so. "Bring the water!" the captain shouted before moving the archer just enough that his head was elevated. "Do not speak, caun nin." Legede whispered, taking a water skin handed to him and pouring the cold liquid over the prince's eyes. Quickly, using the hem of his cloak, the captain wiped the water and blood from Legolas' face. Blue eyes ringed in an irritated red, open and unseeing stared back at him, though the eyes were moving and blinking, as if his charge were trying desperately to see the world around him. "I know the pain is great, Legolas... but you can not sleep. Do you understand?" the white haired Elf glanced to his side. "Prepare a litter. I dare not make him ride." "We are two days from home, captain." one of the warriors spoke solemnly. "The prince must..." "Send a rider ahead to fetch a healer." Legede ordered. "The fastest among you. And tell the king." The warrior bowed before disappearing... though soon the footfalls of a horse could be heard far away. Focusing his attention back upon the prince, the Mirkwood captain made sure to elevate the younger Elf's head. "Take small breaths, caun nin." "U... u-cenin..." Legolas whispered, his breaths hitching at the pain. A cough wracked his body, the prince turning his head to the side to spit blood. "Tu... tulu... enni..." ~{[I can not... I can not see... He... help... me...]}~ Gently, Legede moved blood streaked blond hair from the archer's face. "Hold on, Legolas. We are taking you home." Ú-erich o Nin Gwanno You Cannot Leave Me The sight which had greeted Legede in that burning glade would be with him for as long as he walked the world. His friend and prince, still upon the ground amidst a sea of flames... It broke the captain's heart to think one so much younger than himself would find death before his time. But Legolas had been alive, spared from the Halls of Mandos by a mere chance of fate. At least that was the white haired Elf's hope. Seeing the blood bubble forth from the archer's lips however did not bode well and it took all of Legede's self control to calm himself and assess the extent of the damage done. Legolas' injuries were severe, but they could be mended with care... or so he prayed. What was important now was making sure the prince continued to breathe, despite the pain. While the litter was being readied, Legede busied himself by taking a small amount of herb from a pouch at his waist, mixing it with the remaining liquid from Legolas' own water skin. He carefully tipped it to the prince's lips. "Drink this slowly." the captain whispered. "It will take some of the pain away, but you must stay awake for me, Legolas." That was, no doubt, a comforting thought for the fallen Elf, who did as he was bade. The coughing returned however and as Legolas spit blood from his lips and onto the muddy ground, he gasped in agony, clutching hard at the captain's tunic with white knuckled fingers. "Naegra..." the prince whispered softly, eyes turned toward his friend though still unseeing. ~{[It hurts (causes pain)...]}~ Legede smiled ever so slightly, a sad expression as his fingers gently brushed through the archer's blond hair. "Thuio, Legolas. Iston naegra, dan boe le thuio enni." ~{[Breathe, Legolas. I know it hurts, but you must breathe for me.}]~ One of the warriors, Morlan, returned. "The litter is prepared." he spoke quickly, glancing at the prince's prone form. Without another word Morlan moved to Legolas' legs, ready to help lift his friend and liege. Both Elves worked swiftly yet with great care, placing the archer upon the litter and then lifting it between them both to be carried. Legede remained near his prince's head, in case the fair haired Elf needed some encouragement to remain conscious. He breathed. It was shallow but it triggered no further coughing attacks and for a while no more blood tainted the archer's lips. From time to time Legolas would turn his head in pain, but as the herbs given to him began to take affect, those moments became fewer and farther between. By the end of the first day's march, they had covered half the distance back to the Elvenking's Halls and Legede was delegating tasks to various warriors. Some would bring wood for a fire while others were placed on watch. Morlan had taken up a post to watch over Legolas in the captain's absence. His green eyes focused on the prince in the darkness before kneeling and taking his friend's hand within his own. "Ai, Legolas... You had best keep awake or the captain will have my hide." the dark haired Elf teased lightly, letting one thumb gently stroke over the digits in his hand. There was a ghost of a smile on the prince's face, his unseeing gaze flickering toward Morlan. "Just think... what he would do... to me... should I sleep..." Legolas whispered, his voice soft and sentences short. He could only draw so much breath at a time, an attempt to stave off another bout of coughing. "Our patrol... how many, Morlan?" A sadness crept into the other Elf's features and he shook his head. "Forgive me... we are all that survived the flames." Legolas grit his teeth together at the notion that those under his own command had perished. "Five families... will know grief... come the morrow..." he whispered, the weight of those deaths heavy on his shoulders. "Six... should I..." "Han u-pedo!" Morlan spoke quickly, squeezing the hand which he held as if to emphasize his words. ~{[Do not speak of it!]}~ "If you were to give up hope... more than just one family would find grief. You are Thranduil's son and heir, Legolas. Do you not think the realm would grieve your passing from this world?" When the prince said nothing, Morlan frowned, watching his friend intently, though obviously the Elf knew not that the green gaze of his companion was locked so fiercely upon him. "Pan nirithar, Legolas." the dark haired Elf spoke solemnly. "Nant uich ben-estel..." ~{[All will grieve, Legolas. You are not without hope.}]~ "You are not sleeping, I hope." Legede spoke as he came to kneel on the prince's other side. His blue gaze flickered up to Morlan who shook his head, before focusing back down to the younger Elf. "Whatever am I to do with you?" "At least... this time... I did not... shoot you... in the foot..." the archer replied carefully, a very small smile on his lips. Legede laughed, "That is true. But I am sure Morlan would agree that we would rather I be limping through the forest than carrying you between us." carefully, the captain lifted Legolas' head, tipping the prince's water skin to his lips. "Drink once more, Legolas. We will be home tomorrow." "Hir nin!" The galloping steps of a half a dozen horses could be heard entering the small glen where the patrol had set up camp. Running alongside those horses were the guards set to patrol. Quickly Legede left the prince in Morlan's care once more and he stood, hastening to the horses that had arrived. His lithe fingers reached out to still the agitated movements of the lead stallion while his lord and king dismounted. "Hir Thranduil, we did not expect..." "I have brought the healer with me." spoke the Elvenking quickly, not even sparing Legede a glance as he strode toward the prone form on the other side of the fire. The poor warrior who had ridden to bring back aid appeared at the captain's side. "I could not dissuade the king from attending." the Elf spoke quickly, but Legede held up a hand, whispering that he understood and that the warrior had done what was best given the circumstances. Legolas' eyes moved toward the commotion, though he could not quite understand. From the sound of it his father had come... but... "Hir nin." Morlan spoke in reverence, placing one hand to