Title: "A Good Day For A Story" Author: LegolasLover2003 aka Ashley Category: Book - "Lord of the Rings" Genre: Angst/Drama Rating: K+ Disclaimer: I do not own any rights to "The Lord of the Rings" . I just adore it to pieces! Also, I don't own rights to J.R.R. Tolkien's "Children of Hurin" or "The Silmarillion" . I just like to hear Legolas read it out loud... WOOT! Author's Note: This story was written for the May 2007 challenge in the Teitho Fanfiction Contest. It did not, however, place in the contest. A Good Day For A Story "In those days Maedhros son of Fëanor lifted up his heart, perceiving that Morgoth was not unassailable. Yet Morgoth would destroy them all, one by one, if they could not again unite, and make new league and common council; and he began those counsels for the raising of the fortunes of the Eldar that are called the Union of Maedhros. Yet the oath of Fëanor and the evil deeds that it had wrought did injury to the design of Maedhros, and he had less aid then should have been. Orodreth would not march forth at the word of any son of Fëanor, because of the deeds of Celegorm and Curufin; and the Elves of Nargothrond trusted still to defend their hidden stronghold by secrecy and stealth. Thence came only… Estel, are you listening?" Legolas sighed, staring at the six year old boy who was currently gazing out of the Rivendell library's grand window. It was snowing, the small frozen drops of ice clinging to the window and making patterns which the child was absently tracing with one finger. "Estel?" standing, Legolas closed the book he had been reading from. The prince crossed the library, his bare feet making not a sound on the rug covered hardwood flooring. When he was standing directly behind the youth, he placed a hand on the boy's shoulder. "You should be listening to your studies." The Elf spoke softly. Jumping slightly, grey eyes turned to look up into a blue gaze. "I'm sorry… it's just so boring…" Estel whined. One of the Elf's eyebrows arched. "Boring?" Legolas asked. "What could possibly be boring about learning of a great battle against Morgoth?" Estel sighed. "It's boring because it's all about Elves." This was hardly the response which Legolas had expected. Carefully, he lifted the boy into his arms. "Hey! Legolas, put me down!" the child replied. Smiling, the Elf shook his head, "I am going to teach you a lesson about history." He said, setting the boy down in front of the fireplace. "And I shall make sure you are listening this time. No gazing out the window, understand?" Estel crossed his arms over his chest. "Fine… but I don't see why I have to learn all these things about Elves anyway." He pouted. "Well, what if I told you the same story, but from the side of the humans who were there, hmm?" Legolas asked, moving over to one of the bookshelves and taking down a dusty volume. The book was entitled, 'The Children of Húrin' . Legolas came to sit down beside the boy, opening the book and allowing Estel to look at the artwork inside. "Since you are not an Elf, and since you are obviously not interested in our history as much as Lord Elrond has led me to believe… I shall teach you this story instead." Many songs are yet sung and many tales are yet told by the Elves of the Nirnaeth Arnoediad, the Battle of Unnumbered Tears, in which Fingon fell and the flower of the Eldar withered. If all were now retold a man's life would not suffice for the hearing. Here then shall be recounted only those deeds which bear upon the fate of the House of the Hador and the children of Húrin the Steadfast. "You mean, this is actually going to be about men?" Estel asked, his grey eyes wide in anticipation. Legolas nodded, "Aye. In fact, I doubt this book has been read for quite a number of years." The Elf smiled. "I remember reading it when I would visit Imladris as an Elfling, for my father has never believed in keeping the records and histories of men." "But why?" the boy replied, watching his Elven friend closely. The prince shrugged in response. "I know not, but I fear my father has never truly been a friend to humans." "He doesn't like me?" Legolas laughed, "That is because he does not know you, tithen pen. Now… may I start the story?" With an eager nod, Estel's gaze settled on the book as he sat in Legolas' lap. Having gathered at length all the strength that he could Maedhros appointed a day, the morning of Midsummer. On that day the trumpets of the Eldar greeted the rising of the Sun, and in the east was raised the standard of the sons of Fëanor, and in the west the standard of Fingon, King of the Noldor. Then Fingon looked out from the walls of Eithel Sirion, and his host was arrayed in the valleys and woods upon the east of Ered Wethrin, well hid from the eyes of the Enemy; but he knew that it was very great. For there all the Noldor of Hithlum were assembled, and to them were gathered many Elves of the Falas and of Nargothrond; and he had great strength of Men. Upon the right were stationed the host of Dor-lómin and all the valour of Húrin and Huor his brother, and to them had come Haldir of Brethil, their kinsman, with many men of the woods. Then Fingon looked east and his elven-sight saw far off a dust and the glint of steel like stars in a mist, and he knew that Maedhros had set forth; and he rejoiced. Then he looked towards Thangorodrim, and there was a dark cloud about it and a black smoke went up; and he knew that the wrath of Morgoth was kindled and that their challenge would be accepted, and a shadow of doubt fell upon his heart. But at that moment a cry went up, passing on the wind from the south from vale to vale, and Elves and Men lifted up their voices in wonder and joy. For un-summoned and un-looked for Turgon had opened the leaguer of Gondolin, and was come with an army, ten thousand strong, with bright mail and long swords and spears like a forest. Then when Fingon heard afar the great trumpet of Turgon, the shadow passed and his heart was uplifted, and he shouted aloud: 'Utúlie'n aurë! Aiya Eldalië ar Atanatarni, utúlie'n aurë! The day has come! Behold, people of the Eldar and Fathers of Men, the day has come!' And all those who heard his great voice echo in the hills answered crying: 'Auta I lómë! The night is passing!'. "Did all Men know the language of the Elves?" Estel brought up, stopping the prince from continuing his story. Legolas nodded, "In those days, most did. Men and Elves were close long ago, and they fought side by side." "But Men don't even know Elves exist anymore… at least… that's what El and Ro told me." Smiling, the blond archer nodded once more. "Indeed, the twins are right. There are many Men in this world, Estel, and many think we have passed from thought and memory. Others believe we hide in our forests, caring little for their affairs, which is quite wrong, I assure you." Estel laughed, "I know. Ada told me that there were some Men who came to Rivendell not long after I was born. They asked for his help." "His counsel no doubt." Legolas replied, "Lord Elrond is wise beyond his years, Estel. You should remember that." A pout found its way to the boy's expression. "But he always makes me learn boring things…" "And do you find this boring?" Estel shook his head. "Nuh uh. I like this story, Legolas." He smiled. "It has Men in it." It was not long before the great battle was joined. For Morgoth knew much of what was done and designed by his foes and had laid his plans against the hour of their assault. Already a great force out of Angband was drawing near to Hithlum, while another and greater went to meet Maedhros to prevent the union of the powers of the kings. And those that came against Fingon were clad all in dun raiment and showed no naked steel, and thus were already far over the sands of Anfauglith before their approach became known. Then the hearts of the Noldor grew hot, and their captains wished to assail their foes on the plain, but Fingon spoke against this. 'Beware of the guile of Morgoth, lords!' he said. 'Ever his strength is more than it seems, and his purpose other than he reveals. Do not reveal your own strength, but let the enemy spend his first in assault on the hills.' For it was the design of the kings that Maedhros should march openly over the Anfauglith with all his strength, of Elves and of Men and of Dwarves; and when he had drawn forth, as he hoped, the main armies of Morgoth in answer, then Fingon should come on from the West, and so the might of Morgoth should be taken as between hammer and anvil and be broken to pieces; and the signal for this was to be the firing of a great beacon in Dorthonion. But the Captain of Morgoth in the west had been commanded to draw out Fingon from his hills by whatever means he could. He marched on, therefore, until the front of his battle was drawn up before the stream of Sirion, from the walls of the Barad Eithel to the Fen of Serech; and the outposts of Fingdon could see the eyes of their enemies. But there was no answer to his challenge, and the taunts of his Orcs faltered as they looked upon the silent walls and the hidden threat of the hills. "I thought this story was supposed to have Men in it." Estel whispered, leaning back against Legolas' chest. The prince smiled. "It shall, but you must have patience, tithen pen. You must know the might and terror of Morgoth's armies before you can appreciate the battle which the Men of that age fought." Then the Captain of Morgoth sent out riders with tokens of parley, and they rode up before the very walls of the outworks of the Barad Eithel. With them they brought Gelmir son of Guilin, a lord of Nargothrond, whom they had captured in the Bragollach, and had blinded; and their heralds showed him forth crying: 'We have many more such at home, but you must make haste if you would find them. For we shall deal with them all when we return, even so.' And they hewed off Gelmir's arms and legs, and left him. By ill chance at that point in the outposts stood Gwindor son of Guilin with many folk of Nargothrond; and indeed he had marched to war with such strength as he could gather because of his grief for the taking of his brother. Now his wrath was like a flame, and he leapt forth upon horse-back, and many riders with him, and they pursued the heralds of Angband and slew them; and all the folk of Nargothrond followed after, and they drove on deep into the ranks of Angband. And seeing this the host of the Noldor was set on fire, and Fingon put on his white helm, and sounded his trumpets, and all his host leapt forth from the hills in sudden onslaught. The light of the drawing of the swords of the Noldor was like a fire in a field of reeds; and so fell and swift was their onset that almost the designs of Morgoth went astray. Before the decoying army