Introduction Thank you so much for taking the time to read my own version of Suzanne Collins's Hunger Games. The whole idea of this book is to watch the same events that occurred in the book the Hunger Games, but tell it from the point of view of another character in the book. The character that I have decided to share from the point of view is from the baker's son, Peeta Mellark. There are many things that I felt should be explained especially when it comes to Peeta intentions and why he is the way he is and how he falls in love with Katniss Everdeen, the girl from the Seam. Many of the back stories are taken from my own life and many of the lessons that I had learned along the way. My desire is that although the story is the same, that you can see a glimpse into the persona that I think is Peeta, and how it was molded by the people who were around him. The whole series is about six books all written from the point of view from Peeta Mellark. It follows the three Suzanne Collins books and three after that takes into account what I believe is missing information from the ending of book three. Thank you and now without further delay. PART I "THE GIRL WITH THE BRAID" Chapter One I open my eyes and just lay there staring at the wooden boards on the ceiling. The early morning sun light has started to creep through the window blinds. The air in the room has this stale dread around it; it feels like it isn't like any other day. I turn my focus from the ceiling to the only window in our room. From here I can see that the day looks so tiresome, that even the sky doesn't want it to be today. I don't think that anyone in the district wants it to be today, for today is the day of the reaping. I slowly place my feet on the floor as to not wake up my two older brothers. It takes me a couple of minutes there looking at the ground to get off my bed, for the fogginess of my mind to finally clear. I could hear them both snoring just a couple of feet away. What do they have to worry about; one is old enough to not worry about today and other well, we probably won't talk about it anyways. We never do. I find myself moving slower than usual, focusing on the little things trying to fool my mind into forgetting today. I focus on the things that you typically don't pay attention to, the creaking of wood below my feet as I walk or the smell of morning bakery bread that rise through the creaks of the floor boards. The door is slightly opened and I can hear that there is movement downstairs. The knob is cool to the touch and it reminds of the one thought that I have every year on this day. It rattles in my mind, echoing the desire to just be free, just two more years, I think to myself that is all I need, if I can just hold on for two more years. That is what I shoot for since I am eligible for the reaping for two more years. You become eligible for the reaping the day you turn twelve and the last year is eighteen. The year I turned twelve my name was entered once into the drawing for the reaping, and every year your name gets enter once, so the minimum number of times your name is in the drawing is seven. Most of us who are eligible for the reaping here in District Twelve do not have the luxury of only having our names in there seven times. With the constant food shortages, and the lack of work, most of live with the threat of not the reaping but of dying slowing of starvation, there is however the government sick way of giving you hope, for there is a provision that allows you to get food for a year with the condition of placing your name more times in the reaping. There was the time when I was fourteen that I had to take the tessera or grain that they were offering, which cause my name to go into the reaping more times. So now at the age of sixteen my name is in the reaping nine times. There are others however who aren't so lucky and have to place their names more to help feed your family. You can place your name as many times as you want to help feed your family. There are rumors in the district where people that have their names in the drawing more than thirty times. I can hardly imagine how I would feel if I knew that each year my name was in there thirty times. Could you live your live knowing that your name was in for the reaping that many times, would there be hope or just a feeling of desperation? There are not that many people in District Twelve, even with the Seam, so odds are that one year your name will be called, that is of course until you age out. That thought pops back into my mind, two more years. That is all I have to worry about, then finally I can take a breath for it feels that these five years I have been living my life holding my breath, waiting to exhale. My father can finally take a much need break from the worrying. That is how I find him sometimes pacing slowly back and forth in the kitchen. Today it seems was no different. I walk through the hallway of our house and finally down the stairs. As I walk down to the kitchen, I see him walking slowly, back and forth. I never asked him if the pacing was because of the reaping. There was one time I overheard him speaking to my mother and he admitted that when I turn eighteen, all three of his boys will be safe, and he is counting the days until this happens. I smile at the thought. I just have to hang one for two more years, at least for his sake. There are no words today though, from him or me, and we just look at each other and know that by tonight we can sleep for another year without worrying. I wonder sometimes, if my mother worries about me the same way. She isn't a very caring mother, but I still love her just the same. Just like everything in District Twelve, she has been hardened by the experience of living under constant control of the Capitol. One of the things that I try with all my heart is to not allow my life, my experience here in District Twelve change me into someone that has no joy, that has no hope. There are days when I can still remember when I was five, the smiles she would give me. They are shadows of whom she is now, the scorn looks she gives, the yelling and the constant judging are all that I am now. But when I can, I remember those memories when things were simpler, and life hadn't become so hard. Those are the memories I hold onto. Looking around at all the memories I have here in our house here in District Twelve, there is nothing that I would change about it. Our little two bedroom house is situated in the Square of District Twelve. It is where the shops of the district are. Everyone who has a business in the Square lives in the upper floor of their business. Many families have to squeeze into the two bedroom one bath house. Our family has lived in this bakery for as long as I can remember. It isn't much but our family gets by with whatever we don't sell that day. I don't know I guess I just got use to eating stale bread, or even burned bread; it really doesn't bother me anymore. The alternative of starving is much worst than eating burned bread. We live in District 12, where we mostly produce coal for the country of Panem. The country of Panem has a Capitol which is where our government and president lies, and surrounding the Capitol is twelve districts that produce each a specific trade. Our district has always produced coal for the Capitol, even in history books; our district has produced coal, so we learn in school all about coal. Most of the coal workers live in the outskirts of the district, nicknamed the Seam. People from the Seam are nice hardworking people that keep to themselves and hardly ever travel up to the Square. They just go to work and then home. Today is sort of a day off from work, and school for everyone in the district. Many people do not see the joy that comes from today being a day off, you don't see many people walking around going to the park or the meadow, you don't see many people at all. Today is a day that isn't cause for joy, it is cause for concern. I hear a knock at the kitchen back door. I see him walk by me, and rustle my hair playfully. He takes a loaf of freshly made bread from the oven and walks over handing it to him. He sometimes does this, barter for fresh meat. I know this because most of our customers come through the front bakery door and they buy pastries and bread not meat for that is the butcher's job. The rear kitchen door however is reserved for the hunters. It is for those who go beyond the fence of District Twelve and into the forbidden forest to hunt wild animals. Although it is illegal to poach from the surrounding woods, we still have people who are brave enough to go into the woods in search for food. I hear that he says "good luck" to the hunter and quickly closes the door. He motions to me to keep quiet about this and shows me the squirrel. I smile at him and he goes to begin to clean the squirrel. He cooks the squirrel meat in the oven, which only takes a couple of minutes. We have a very good breakfast, squirrel and warm bread, before anyone wakes up. At this time, as the early sunlight comes on it is just me and my father at the kitchen table eating in silence. We both hear the creaking of the wood as the upstairs begin to come to life. First I see my mother come downstairs and frown at my father. "You know one day, you are going to get caught by the peacekeepers and then we will all be in trouble" She tells him. "Not today," he interrupts her coldly. "Always thinking of yourself and not protecting your family, your livelihood. Can you imagine what would happen if they didn't turn a blind eye to what happens around here?" She accuses him ignoring his request. "What does it matter, really? Do you know what happens today? Have you the concept of what might happen to this family today?" He asks. My mother can always be counted on not really thinking of the big picture. It isn't her fault really; she is just looking out for the family. Today however it is much more than that. "Really what does it matter if we help each other? They are just kids trying to survive. The peacekeepers are sometimes involved in this dealing anyways." He says brushing her off. "But it can change in a blink of an eye, one day they allow it, and another day they will have you shot for participating in it. Are you