Introduction Thank you so much for taking the time to read my own version of Suzanne Collins's Mockingjay. The whole idea of this book is to watch the same events that occurred in the book the Hunger Games, but tell it from the point of view of another character in the book. The character that I have decided to share from the point of view is from the baker's son, Peeta Mellark. This book dives into the inner most of Peeta's being. The way that sometimes our own memories lie to us, tell us things that we are unsure of. This is the story of how Peeta Mellark and his fight to stay alive physically. His fight to stay alive psychologically is also shown and how the love of his life helped him come back from the brink of darkness. The whole series is about six books all written from the point of view from Peeta Mellark. It follows the three Suzanne Collins books and three after that takes into account what I believe is missing information from the ending of book three. Thank you and now without further delay. PART I "Fate and Love" Chapter One The voices of the life that I once knew echo through my mind. "If you cannot understand the things that are before you, focus on the details." This is something that I remember her telling me. It was right after the Hunger Games. I needed to get away, away from everyone and everything. The lies and manipulations were eating me from the inside. The camera crew had just left the day before, and everyone was starting to get back to the normal day to day life at District Twelve. It was the morning of a typical day, and I had decided to get up before anyone and slip away. I had even beaten the sun to wake up. I was walking with no purpose or destination in mind. The birds were silent and still sleeping. No one was up, not even my father. I couldn't sleep, I couldn't think, I couldn't process what was going on. I didn't understand. It wasn't until I see meadow that I found that I was at the end of the road. For some odd reason I always end up at the same place. The one person that I do not want to see was the one person I couldn't wait to see before. I sat down at the base of the tree. The whole day, no one passed by the meadow, with the exception of some little children playing. What I wouldn't get to be that age again, not a care in the world. The reaping is something that they don't even have to worry about. No need to protect yourself, or your heart. It was early evening when she found me there just sitting by the tree in the meadow. "There he is, the Victor of District Twelve," Delly say. "What are you doing all the way out here?" No one had known what I had just learned a couple of days ago. We were riding back on the train from the Capitol when we had stopped to refuel. It was still in the spring time when I had found out that the whole romance in the Games was a lie. I was betrayed by both Katniss and Haymitch our mentor, the thing that was eating at me at the moment. "Oh hey, Delly," I say. "Oh hey, Delly?" She repeats. "That isn't the kind of excitement that I saw on the television a couple of hours ago. You had just won the Games, and you have finally have the girl of your dreams and all you can say is 'oh hey Delly?'" I want to just tell her everything. That I was used as a pawn in a game, to survive, that I was lost in a sea of doubt, but I couldn't. I couldn't risk her safety or her families. It would be nice to have someone to confide in. The only one I had is the one that I feel I cannot talk to. Today it seems I had to put on the façade again, pretend that I was happy. "Oh, it is nothing Delly. I am sorry; just have a lot on my mind." I say. "With all that it means now to be a Victor." "You mean the fame and fortune?" she says tilting her nose upward. "Don't think you would ever have to worry about letting it go to your head, Peeta. You are already a snob from the merchant families." She laughs, and nudges me. I look at her and laugh. "Thanks, I needed that." I tell her. "Delly, can I ask you something? "Of course you can," she says sitting down next to me. We both begin to throw rocks at the fence to see if we can make it to the forest. "Have you ever had a time where you didn't understand someone, or something?" I ask. "Well it happens a lot in school, Peeta." She says jokingly. "But I know that isn't what you mean. You mean people, misunderstandings?" "Something like that," I say. "Well what happens with me, is that I tend not to look at the big picture and focus on the details." She says. "What do you mean?" I ask. "I mean that if I misunderstand something, or what someone says, I look at the details of what was said and how it was said and where and why." She says trailing off. "Well something like that, and then what I don't understand, at least I feel certain about something smaller. You get me?" "Yeah, I get you." I say standing. "So, a snob am I?" "Well just a little," she says making the pinch size and then opening it to a foot. Focus on the details and not on what you don't understand. It is something that I have been repeating in my head, just to remember to focus on the smaller things, the details, so that the bigger picture doesn't seem out of focus. Details, what are the details that I see and feel. Well I feel the tight restraints on my wrist. The cold white walls have no doors, nothing really, a long white corridor. The Capitol soldiers had just gotten me off the hovercraft after the arena exploded. They said some rebels had sabotaged the force field, but I know that the other Victors had a secret plan to get us all out of the arena. That is another thing I have to place in the "don't understand" column. Seems like there are a lot of things in that column and very few on the things I do understand. The lights from the walkway come from the bottom and tops of the smooth white walls. It is a glow that tells me two things. The doors are hidden, and it is about practicality and not flashiness of the people of the Capitol. Here it is about getting something done and not caring about how it looks. At the end I see a door begin to open from the top down. It makes no sound, and I see no cameras. How did they know to open the door, is it control by motion sensors? There I see it. In the center of the room is a simple white chair, with a tray next to it. The soldiers lose the restraints and place me in the chair. I see the straps come up and hold me into place. "Where are they?" I ask. No one says anything; they just continue to work as I do not exist. "Where are they?" I demand. With one swift move, one of the soldiers swings his stun stick butt first into my jaw. The pain is almost instant; I see the white flash of stars in my field of vision. I can feel the warm liquid begin to fill my mouth. I turn my face, and spit right into his face. Saliva and blood mixed cover the helmet of the soldier. "Take off your helmet, so I can see who it is that I am going to kill next." I say. Guess Johanna is rubbing off on me. He wipes off the blood from his visor and both of the soldiers walk away. I see the door begin to close from bottom to top. As soon as it makes it up to the ceiling the seam of the door disappears. If I didn't know a door was there, I would never know where it is. The room is a perfect circle. White walls, white ceiling, and white floors, the lighting of the room come from the walls, just like the corridor. There is nothing ornate on the walls or anything that I can notice. It is all just seamless, almost surgical. That is when I realize that next to me is a tray. A surgical tray. Detention and extraction was the terms the soldiers used in the arena when told where to take us. What sort of extraction would they use? Then if on cue, the lights go off. Everything in the room turns dark as night. If my hands were free I don't think I would be able to see it in front of my face. There is no hum of the air system, or none that the normal people can hear. There is no sound coming from the outside, muffle sounds of people walking by or people talking, nothing. It is a stillness that I have never felt. For a while my eyes stay open trying to see if they would finally get use to the darkness and be able to see some sort of details of the room. After a while I realize that it is no good, my eyes cannot see the walls, so I have no depth perception, and I cannot see the ceiling, so I have no height perception. The only thing that keeps me grounded is the feeling of the chair on my back. I can feel the restraints on my legs and arms, and one on my waist and chest; it is of a very strong material. I try to expand my chest to loosen the binds, but it is too tight. What are they trying to accomplish by the dark room, I start to think. I start to look around and not knowing where I am looking, I can feel my heart begin to quicken. My breathing shallows and the uneasy feeling begins to become apparent. The silence creeps in. The darkness brings to mind the nightmares. Probably if I just fall asleep and dream this can all just go away. I close my eyes and force my mind to think of her. Nothing. All I see in my mind is darkness. I tell my mind, the beach, the meadow, the bakery, the training center roof, the garden, anything, and every time nothing, just darkness. I don't know if my eyes are open or closed. There is no peace of escape, just the anxiousness of reality. Think, Peeta, think. Think of a memory that you can remember. If I could just think of home, then I can feel safe again. How did it go, how did that song go? Down in the valley, roses bloom all day. The wind…through…the…umm. Is that how it went? My mind races to find the answer, to have some sort of confirmation. It is odd but my mind feels fuzzy. Probably I just need to relax. I take a couple of deep breaths. The restriction on the chest doesn't give me much wiggle room to breathe. In fact if I wasn't imagining things I could have shorn it has gotten tighter. I sit there. Time doesn't quicken, it slows to a standstill, and it is eternally slow, with no end or beginning. What time is it? It was dark when we