FIRST YEAR. 19 YEARS LATER LEAVING FOR PLATFORM 9 3/4 - MALFOY MANNER "Scorpius" Draco called hesitantly to his son. "Come here for a moment." the young boy with slick blonde hair and pale green eyes and a calm face, left his mothers side and walked slowly towards his father. "Now son," Draco said gripping Scorpius's shoulders and crouching down to the eleven year olds height. "I've told you everything about my time at Hogwarts. And it is all the complete truth. I was a bully and a pure blood snob. But that's not who I am now thanks to-" "Mr Potter for forgiving you. And mum because she helped you realise that your prejudices were ridiculous and that's how you fell in love, yes. You've told me all this before!" Scorpius droned in a monotone voice. He was right. The amount of times his father had pulled him aside for a one to one. He understood how important it was, but to have to hear it a million times was just annoying. Plus his mother constantly told him that Draco was not the same person anymore. Draco smiled weakly at Scorpius. His was his only son going away to school with the name Malfoy which was hated by so many. While he was left with his parents and wife whom didn't really get along. "Be careful. People will judge you because of your last name. Because of my reputation and my father's reputation. Ignore them. You know who you are, you know that I'm no longer the person people think I am and you know your mother especially would never stand for this pure blood nonsense." PLATFORM 9 3/4 Draco and Astoria were pointing out people they had known from their days at school between goodbye hugs. "Ok, ginger hair pretty much means Weasley. They don't like me that much." Astoria shot Draco a warning look. "Ron Weasley and his wife Granger, over there, they are not fans of mine" (and I don't blame them) thought Draco. "They must be their children, the ginger boy and girl. I guess the eldest of those Weasley's will be in your year. There are the Potters" Draco nodded at Harry who had spotted him across the crowd. "Married a Weasley" he muttered to Astoria. "Dad. Will I be in Slytherin?" "I was, the entire Malfoy family have been." Draco quickly looked away from his son's worried face. He heard Astoria sigh and could almost feel her eyes rolling at him. "Scorpius, it doesn't matter what house you are put in. It reflects you, who you are. Not who your family were, although it does take that into account. You can control who you're going to be. If you are sorted into Slytherin, it does not mean you are destined to believe that pure bloods are superior and bully others because of their blood status." She kissed him on the forehead and linked her arm with Draco's. "We will be proud of you no matter what house you are put in." It was time to board the train. Scorpius boarded feeling a mix of excitement and doubt and yet he seemed calm. To those who did not know him, he seemed to look down at others as he passed each compartment. But in reality he was worrying even more as he could not find a compartment with room for him and he felt awkward having to look around for what seemed like ages. James and Albus Potter, and Rose Weasley had found a compartment together on the train and were now sitting in dead silence. James stared bored out the window as they were out of sight of their parents on the platform. He was dreading the classes ahead. He was smart, but not the smartest. James was good at quidditch as they practised all the time at home, especially since his mum and dad were so good at the game. The captain of the Gryffindor quidditch team had noticed how good James was at the end of last year and had specifically singled him out before they left for the summer holidays to tell him that he should try out for the team. James was a bit disappointed that he didn't get to play in his first year like his father, but he reminded himself that neither did his mother who played professionally. Albus sat staring wide eyed at the floor. Breathing quickly and heavily. He was too nervous about the sorting into houses despite the chat he had from his father. Albus was not sporty like his brother, or outgoing like his little sister, or even extremely smart like his cousin and best friend Rose. He was caring though and charmingly awkward, he put others needs first. Apart from when he was nervous, like at the present, as he did not notice how quiet Rose was being. Rose's back was leaning against the window and her legs stretched out on the seat next to her while Albus and James were opposite her on the left hand side. She had a book open as usual but she didn't look at it. Instead she was intently staring through the window on the door and at the corridor. She was probably the smartest out of all the Potters and Weasley's. Her mother's brains, as her father often said. Her ginger hair was wild and fluffy, sticking out in odd places with too much volume. Rose sighed heavily, thinking about the year ahead and how she desperately needed to get high grades to live up to the standard of cleverness and wit which she had set herself through reputation and as the daughter of the smartest witch Hogwarts had seen in many years. Suddenly she realised both Albus and James staring at her. She didn't realise how loud she had sighed. A goofy grin spread across her face and the trio burst out laughing at how tense they were. "Hey Albus," James piped up as soon as he saw how pale his little brother was. "It'll be ok. I know you hear horror stories as to how awful Slytherins can be, but they're really not that bad." Albus smiled weakly. "Any house would be lucky to have you. Plus most rivalry between houses is in quidditch. Everyone pretty much gets along despite of houses. Yeah, there are still some incidents" his voice went a bit high at the end, remembering his fight with a Slytherin as they had referred to a fellow student as having dirty blood and therefore shouldn't be allowed in the classroom. James caught an alarmed look from Rose which told him he shouldn't have said the last thing. He knew that face, it was one he frequently got from his mother. "But it's all ok. You'll be fine. And besides, during breakfast, people pretty much sit at whatever table they want. So no matter what house you are in, we can talk every morning!" "Why not during the rest of the day?" Albus whimpered. "I'm a year older, we won't be in any of the same classes. But we can hang out during morning break and lunch after we've eaten, if you really want to. I just meant, that, well, at the very least we'll see each other during breakfast." He ruffled Albus's hair, who was looking much more relaxed by now. "Your my brother, we'll stick together no matter what. Right Rose?" "Huh?" Rose hadn't really been listening, she had noticed a boy around her age, but seemed beyond his years in his wise and calm eyes, was listening into James's little speech to Albus. "Oh! Umm, yeah! We'll hang out together Albus. Even if we're not in the same house, we'll have a few classes together. It won't effect our friendship." The boy still had not moved. He just stood there looking at James, Albus and Rose. Scorpius had finally found a compartment he could fit in, only three people in there and plenty of room. He was about to knock and ask to join them but he heard the eldest boy with thick black hair talking about Slytherin and decided to stop and listen. "Oi!" A boisterous voice shouted at him from the compartment. He spun around to see that it was the red head who spoke, but she went straight to her book while the two boys looked expectantly at him. 'Ginger hair pretty much means Weasley' his father had said. Scorpius silently opened the door and stepped through. "May I sit here?" He said in his most polite voice. The boys smiled and tried not to laugh at his formality. "Go ahead! No need to be so polite." James grinned. "We know there's not much room. Just sit." Albus chimed in, feeling more his charming self. Rose swivelled around to face James and take her legs off the seat next to her so that the blonde stranger could sit there, all the while with her nose stuck in the book without looking up. But Rose, being Rose, left a shoe on the seat as she swivelled. She lunged to grab it as Scorpius sat down but he ended up sitting on her arm. Alarmed, he jumped up meanwhile she giggled quietly and snorted, grabbed her shoe and went back to her book again. James went back to staring bored out the window and Albus looked as he felt, extremely awkward. Looking everywhere but at the stranger. They sat in silence for a few minutes. Rose slammed her book down and turned to face Scorpius. "Merlin's beard! Forgot our manners." She glared at Albus and James, who looked just about as startled as Scorpius. "James Potter, second year Gryffindor." James went for a hand shake and Albus followed suit. "Albus Potter." Only then did Scorpius realise the girl was waiting for a hand shake. He complied. He was impressed by their courage to introduce themselves so boldly to a complete stranger. "The name's Rose. Rose W-" "Red hair, you must be a Weasley. My dad told me how to spot you lot. Although my grandfather said something about hammy-down clothes which seems to be irrelevant." Scorpius couldn't believe he had said that out loud. Rose felt the same. "Blonde hair, all manners and no smile, you must be a Malfoy." Rose said with a tinge of bitterness. He nodded at them but suddenly looked away ashamed and hurt as he heard the boys's sharp gasps. "I should go." He let out in an awkward yet polite hurry. Scorpius didn't care that their families did not 'traditionally' get along, but he thought they may not feel the same, bearing in mind his family reputation and what awful things the death eaters, of which his dad, grandparents and pretty much all of his acquaintances and friends were part of. He stood and moved to leave. He was too late. James, being the quick athlete he was, darted in front of the door to block Scorpius's escape. "Sit." After some stern eye contact, Scorpius complied. This time sitting further away from Rose and closer to the door. James sighed, making Rose look up from her book once again. "Potters and Weasleys aren't known for getting along with Malfoys." "There's no need to hold your last name against you." Rose mumbled and went back to her book. Scorpius was calming slightly. "My dad has told us so many times not to judge people on their surname, blood status or even their houses at Hogwarts." James reassured Scorpius. "So has mine." Scorpius replied. Albus smiled. Harry and Draco had never got along at Hogwarts. But after the war, things seemed to clear up a bit. There were no more feelings of hatred, at least not extreme, left between many of those involved in the war itself. A first year girl with blond, straight hair and sharp brown eyes walked past in the corridor, giggling with her friends. She stopped and looked into