Written for the bottom_draco Merry Making Mini Fest that was conducted on LJ to celebrate Draco's birthday this month! (Come find me on Tumblr - l0vegl0wsinthedark) [Disclaimer: Harry Potter is the work of J.K. Rowling and is not my intellectual property. I intend no copyright infringement and seek no financial gain from this work. This work of fiction is purely for entertainment purposes and honestly, it's basically just porn.] Draco automatically slowed when he neared the little coterie gathered at the wide window seat. It was the usual bunch of Gryffindors with Lovegood's fair head standing out as the single Ravenclaw – but Draco's eyes remained on the one person who stood out like only he could. Potter didn't sit lounging across the length of the stone sill like one would've expected him to; it was Weasley who lay across it with his head on Granger's lap, who in turn had her nose characteristically buried in a thick volume. Potter stood next to her her, hip leaning against the sill, and he was laughing at something Longbottom and Lovegood were doing – some weird dance move, Draco didn't pause to take note. He had other things, other people, to take note of – namely Potter. Draco's gaze slowly travelled upwards, starting at the worn trainers, laces coming undone on the right one; the flap of a shirttail hanging out, crimson Gryffindor tie spilling out of one trouser pocket. Potter's sleeves were rolled back haphazardly up to his elbows, thick forearms crossed across his chest, the first two buttons on his white shirt left undone. The mangy black head was thrown back in mirth, the unkempt mass of ebony making Draco's hands itch with the desire to be buried in it. Light stubble shadowed the rugged jaw line; Draco could almost feel it on his skin already, scratching across him in a not entirely unpleasant way – not that he'd ever admit it. The soft, chapped lower lip was now being bitten in a thoughtful manner and when Draco's gaze finally landed on the piercing green eyes, he realised why. His stomach clenched in a mixture of excitement and embarrassment when he realised that not only had he been caught staring but was being thoroughly scrutinised himself. His pace, having had slowed down slightly, immediately went back up and he remembered to keep his chin raised. "Alright, Malfoy?" He paused. Turned. Lifted a brow in a well-practised expression of patient disdain. It was Weasley who'd called out to him. "Weasley." Draco nodded stiffly. The redhead laughed. "Ready to lose again tonight?" he asked cheerfully. "I bet I can beat you in eight moves or less." It was taking a considerable amount of physical effort to stop himself meeting Potter's gaze, now fixed so firmly on him that he could feel himself starting to sweat a little. "There's nothing I'd enjoy more than taking you down, you overconfident ginger git." Draco smirked as Weasley's sister sang a low oooohhhhh from between cupped hands and Granger shook her head without looking up, mouth curled into an exasperated smile. Longbottom made a soft pft as he leaned back against the wall, hands in his pockets, and Lovegood suddenly pranced over to plant a very wet kiss on Draco's cheek. Draco blinked, secretly horrified that he was now actually used to these people and their idiosyncrasies, wiping his cheek and ignoring the delighted laughter from the rest of them. He returned Lovegood's bright smile with a rather watery one of his own. "Hello, Lovegood." "Draco Malfoy," she said brightly. And then, "You have been highly sexually active lately." Weasley actually rolled off the windowsill, though unfortunately instead of rolling outwards and falling down six floors, he landed on the corridor floor on all fours, heaving with soundless laughter. Longbottom was grinning widely as the she-Weasel hooted in the most unladylike manner. Even Granger had looked up from her book to purse her lips at Lovegood, brown eyes dancing with amusement as she then glanced at Draco. When he finally caved and let his gaze lock with Potter's, he regretted it instantly. Potter was watching him, his gaze soft and dark, his mouth curved in a loose, terribly distracting smile that could only be described as adoring . Draco's stomach fluttered and he could feel heat flooding his cheeks as he prepared to walk away, gulping hard and refusing to acknowledge the fond twinkle in those damn green eyes. "Yes, alright, as charming as this has been." Draco made to turn away. "You never confirmed whether she's right, though." Now Potter chose to chime in. Arse hole. "No. No, I didn't," Draco said, facing Potter properly. The bastard hit him with a full blown grin, mischievous and aggravatingly attractive, and Draco wanted so bad to reciprocate. "Because it really isn't anybody's business but my own, is it, Potter?" Potter shrugged exaggeratedly. "Yours and whomever it is you've been—" He paused, licking his lips over his smile and giving Draco the mere shadow of a wink, "—sexually active with." He was sure he was properly blushing now. And he was trembling very lightly from a mixture of genuine mortification and... Exhilaration. Twisting his face into the best sneer he could muster, given the circumstances, Draco calmly flipped him off, making Potter burst out into a delighted chuckle, and then turned around and walked away determinedly, grinning foolishly to himself once he was a safe distance away. Barely half a minute after he'd let himself into the alcove behind the tapestry with the angry centaurs on it, Harry was on him. His startled gasp morphed into breathless sniggering as he accepted Harry's vigorous flurry of moist kisses that were being pressed all over his face. Sturdy hands clenched at his hips and he was backed firmly into the wall as warm lips caught on his forehead, his eyelids, the tip of his nose, the corners of his mouth and his cheeks. "You remind me of Hagrid's slobbering beast of a dog," Draco laughed, attempting to bat him away before cupping his cheeks and kissing him back instead. Playing along, Harry painted a firm lick up his cheek and Draco yelped, still laughing as he planted both his hands on Harry's face and forced it away. "Ugh, you're fucking gr-" Harry cut him off by catching his mouth, mid-sentence, in his. Humming contently, he immediately kissed back, pushing his hands into that messy mane and gripping, clutching tight, just like he'd so desperately wanted to a few minutes ago. Harry's hands on his hips tightened and he ran a careful tongue along Draco's own, the velvety slide making them both shiver. Tilting his head to further deepen the kiss, Draco made a sound of irritation when Harry abruptly pulled away. They panted softly at each other, Draco frowning, angling forward for more, and Harry pulling back gently with a small smile that clearly indicated that he had something on his mind. "What?" Draco rolled his eyes. The git always found the most inopportune moments to talk . "Nothing!" Harry laughed softly. And then quite out of nowhere, "I wanted to kiss you back there in front of everybody like I've wanted nothing else." "You could kiss me now," said Draco pointedly, cocking one brow and resolutely ignoring the swarm of maniacal butterflies that burst to life in his belly at Harry's words. The hope and honesty in the other boy's voice made Draco want to scream into a void. "I could," Harry agreed, leaning forward and planting a disgustingly sweet kiss on his mouth before pulling away once more. "I want to meet your mother." Draco spluttered quite vigorously and was certain that he'd unintentionally spat on Harry. "What? Why?!" Harry frowned on a sigh. "Well, if my mum were alive, I'd have liked to introduce my boyfriend to her." Heart clenching, Draco grabbed his head and kissed him fervently before he realised Harry was trying (and failing) not to laugh. Then he shoved him back roughly and scowled. "That was a shit thing to say," he informed him. "Why d'you want to meet Mother anyway?" "Because it's the proper thing to do, Malfoy." "Proper?" Draco intoned incredulously. " Proper?! You eat every meal with your elbows on the table. You rock back in every chair you sit. You don't own a comb. You do not get to talk about what is proper ." Clicking his tongue irritably at Harry's amused chuckling, Draco yanked him forward by the collar to snog him some more. Harry responded at once, curling his arms around Draco and holding him tight enough that his ribs protested, their mouths moving furiously together, wet and noisy. Draco began a gentle rut, grinding his stirring cock against Harry's groin until there was a soft moan in response and one hand came down to roughly squeeze Draco's right arse cheek. "I just—" Harry broke away all of a sudden and Draco let his forehead thump onto his shoulder with a tired sigh, reaching back to close his hand over the one Harry had on his arse, holding it firmly in place as he pressed back into it. "I want people to know... you know?" "Know what?" Draco refused to meet his gaze, instead pressing biting kisses along the stubbled jaw. Harry's grip tightened around his handful of his bum and Draco muffled a squeal. "About us." Draco sighed again. "Harry, we've been over this—" " You didn't want to tell anyone in case it somehow affected our N.E.W.T preparations." Harry frowned at him as Draco moved back to look at him steadily. "Well? We're done with our N.E. now," he said pointedly while running his thumb over Draco's still-wet lower lip. Draco opened his mouth and neatly sucked his thumb in, closing his lips around it and deliberately moving his mouth along the digit in a way that was transparently suggestive. Harry's breath shuddered out of him as he watched, transfixed, as Draco lapped at his finger, nibbling at the square corners of his nail before sucking the length back into his mouth. "Draco," Harry groaned, and it was with no small amount of satisfaction that Draco let himself be snogged breathless for the next several minutes, winding long arms around his neck and keeping him in place this time, kissing him back hungrily and guiding Harry's hands down to his arse once more. When he felt Harry trying to pull away yet again, he growled and brought his teeth down over his lower lip, letting his displeasure be known by biting repeatedly until Harry let out a little snarl and deepened the kiss with a vengeance, sucking on his lips and licking around inside his mouth until Draco was forced to pull back with a long, desperate gasp. "It's our last week at Hogwarts," Harry panted. Draco made an impatient sound through his own laboured breathing. "And what? You want to ensure everybody knows about us before we leave? Hold my hand in the corridors? Snog me at breakfast? Undress me and fuck me in front of everyone during dinner? Oh, shut up!" he said irritably as Harry's grin grew filthy and he squeezed Draco's arse as if in approval of Draco's suggestion. "What do you want?" he asked on a sigh, combing the wild black fringe off Harry's forehead and gently flicking the pad of his thumb over his scar. "To be with you." "You are with me." "You know what I mean." "Harry." "At least tell me why you don't want people to know! We haven't even told our friends about us yet. And I'm pretty darn sure they already fucking know. Parkinson winked at me the other day when we got back from the Prefects' Bath – I waited fifteen minutes before I followed you into the common room! But I think she still fucking knew ." He suddenly looked thoughtful. "And if she's been able to guess, then it means Hermione's probably