Disclaimer: Harry Potter is the work of J.K. Rowling and is not my intellectual property. I intend no copyright infringement and seek no financial gain from this work. This work of fiction is purely for entertainment purposes. "Knock knock!" Draco starts slightly at the sudden, cheery greeting before automatically smiling at sight of the visitor. "Pansy!" he grins before suddenly looking alarmed. "Did we make plans that I've forgotten about?" "Wouldn't I have you by your bollocks right now if that were the case, darling?" Pansy breezes in, walking effortlessly on six-inch long pencil heels in sparkly silver, her salmon pink dress tight enough that Draco wondered if she could breathe at all in it. "No, I just missed your pretty face; it's been ages," she frowns as he stands and kisses her cheek. "I know, I know," he groans, falling back into his seat and letting himself sag back for a few seconds in a rare display of exhaustion. "I've been-" "Busy, yes, I thought it was safe to assume," she rolls her eyes as she inspects the silver framed photograph of Draco's parents on his desk. "It's why I thought it was time to rescue you for a bit – let's go get an early lunch," she says brightly. "Shit, Pans, I wish I could," Draco looks desperately apologetic. "But I'm just-" he seemingly struggles for words as he indicates to his vast mahogany desk that was covered in sheets and sheets of paperwork, dozens of files, some lying open and spilling out more sheets of paperwork, three mobile phones, two of them charging, his laptop open and revealing him to be in the middle of typing out what looked to be an incredibly dull, interminable email. "- inundated ," he finally sighs. Pansy rolls her eyes. "I told you," she says with a scowl, crossing her arms, enormous handbag hanging off the crook of one. "You rushed too quickly into this whole taking-over-the-family-business business. It's not like your father was hurrying you into it – you're all of twenty five. You're wasting prime years, darling," she perches on the desk, her arse landing right on top of a large green file. "Don't sit on that," Draco hurries to yank the file out from her silk clad bum. "I'll need it for my meeting with James Potter today," he grumbles, straightening out the small sheaf of papers that had folded over and creased under her. "James Potter?" Pansy looks astonished. "As in, billionaire hotelier James Potter?" "The very same," the smug pride in his voice makes her snort loudly. "What? I have one meeting to knock his socks off," he says heatedly to her. "Even Father never managed to secure a contract with him , so imagine me snagging Potter's next project – and it's going to be right here in London." "Wow," Pansy intones, her expression wooden. "When was the last time you got shagged, darling?" she adds abruptly, apropos nothing. Draco splutters for a moment. "Wha- how is that relevant to our conversation?" "I can't remember the last time you were this excited about a man," she looks slightly disgusted. "I'm plenty excited about my men, thank you," Draco sniffs. "When was the last time?" He ignores her and turns back to his laptop though Pansy couldn't have missed that slight pink tinge on his high cheekbones even if she'd been standing across the room. "Oh my god, when?! " her voice rises shrilly. "Eight months, give or take," he snaps without looking at her. When she doesn't reply for several seconds, he finally sneaks a glance. She looks horrified. "You're-" she flounders for words. "You- that's a joke," she finally declares. "You're joking, aren't you?" "Don't feel like you have to stick around," he scowls. "Eight months?! " "Seriously, you can leave now, thank you." "Oh, Draco," she presses a hand over her ample bosom, inch long talons painted a lurid pink. "Oh, poor darling ." "I hate you," Draco grouches just as the intercom on his desk crackles to life. "Mr. Malfoy." Draco reaches over and presses a little silver button. "Yes, Lydia?" "Alison from Mr. Potter's office just called," his assistant's voice floats up at them. "He can't make it for your two pm; she asked if you're free around four?" "Four is fine, I'll reschedule with Peterson, tell them four's fine," he says frantically. "I took the liberty of telling her that already, Mr. Malfoy." "I love you, I'm going to buy you something pretty," he says in relief and hears the woman on the other side laugh. Pansy makes an impatient sound to regain his attention and so he looks up at her wearily. "Can we just... please go out and get you a man tonight?" she clasps her hands beseechingly. "Just for tonight, just for a quick fuck in the gents', darling, you did so used to enjoy those." "Pure class, Parkinson." " Or ... I could just send you a lovely little surprise!" she claps her hands once as she gets to her feet, looking utterly delighted with her own idea. "Oh, that's it! I'll send one over; I know your type, I know just how you like-" "Please be joking," Draco says weakly. "Not even a year since Father retired and you're going to send his son hookers to his office?" "Don't say hooker , darling, how crass," Pansy frowns, one hand on her hip. "Oh, that's crass?!" Draco's voice rises incredulously. "What?" Pansy blinks. "Oh, nothing about anyone I send you will be crass, don't you worry, you know how posh my 'contacts' can be-" "Okay, off you go," Draco gets to his feet and takes Pansy firmly by the arm. "Lovely of you to pop in, such a delight and all that," he walks her briskly to the door even as she starts to list out the health benefits of an active sex life and why friends like her are so rare. "So, you're usually in here until six? Seven?" she asks brightly just before Draco slams the door in her face. "Keep some lube handy, darling!" comes the muffled instruction from the other side and Draco lets out a high pitched squeak. "Go away, Pans, seriously!" he yells at the door. "Fucking hell," he settles back down in his chair, staunchly not acknowledging how even the mere thought of lube made his cock stir and his arse clench. God , he needs to get laid. "Mr. Malfoy." "Yes, Lydia." "Alison from Mr. Potter's office just called again." Draco checks his watch – just past seven – and then sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose between forefinger and thumb. "Let me guess – Mr. Potter isn't free to meet with me today after all." "She said to tell you that he's terribly sorry and would like to meet with you first thing tomorrow. I've told her nine am is good and Paul will drive you straight there in the morning." "Thank you, Lydia." "Do you need me to stick around?" "No, run along." "Goodnight, sir." "'night." What an utter waste of a day, Draco grouses. He has nothing but respect for James Potter and knows that the old man is a terribly busy person but he'd rescheduled thrice with Draco today, making him rearrange several other appointments to fit him in each time, and now he'd cancelled. He's tempted to ring Pansy and ask to meet for drinks right away but then that bint would immediately go about her way finding a one night stand for Draco no matter where they went and honestly, despite being almost permanently randy these days, Draco didn't have the energy to put on his charming social mask on and flirt long enough just to get some random bloke's cock in his arse. He's tired and simply wants to head home and go to bed. "Christ, you desperately need a life, old chap," he says to his reflection in his laptop screen that had timed out. Sighing once again, he taps the touchpad a couple of times till the screen blinks back on and then decides to send out one final email before heading home. He's got three files open before him for reference and is completely immersed in the closing paragraph of his rather snappy email when there's a quiet knock. "Draco Malfoy?" comes a soft voice before he's actually registered the knock and called out permission to enter. He looks up and inhales a quick, sharp breath at the sight of the man standing before him. "Mr. Malfoy?" he repeats, his voice slow and deep. Tall, burly, incredibly well dressed. Pansy, you incorrigible bitch. Smart, neat suit in a black that's somehow soft on the eyes, pale, pistachio green shirt inside, top button left undone – no tie. Well polished black oxfords and silver cuff links. Oh my, Pansy, just where do you find these guys? Thick, barely tamed head of jet black locks. You bint, you know I have a thing for brunets. Rugged, angular jaw and a rounded chin. God, look at him, Pansy, I hate you. Eyes in an impossibly vivid shade of green. Fuck it, nobody deserves a good fuck more than I do right now. Thank you, Pans. He affects a sigh and leans back in his chair. "Yes, that's me," Draco says mock resignedly. "That stupid bint never listens, does she?" "I beg your pardon?" the man tilts his head slightly, thick brows drawing together in apparent confusion. Draco waves one hand carelessly as he gets to his feet, feasting his eyes over the tall, wide man before him as he rounds his desk and slowly approaches the wall to wall windows, ignoring the marvellous, panoramic view of the city outside, the moon hanging in a fuzzy sickle over tip of The Gherkin. Draco sighs again, leaning a shoulder into the glass while still facing his visitor. "She means well," he smiles. "I mean, look at you," he says kindly. "You barely even look the part. Do you always dress like this, or did Pansy pay you to for me?" "I'm sorry, I really don't under-" the man presses a hand flat to his chest and has a slightly bemused smile. "I'm- my name is-" Draco, meanwhile, is taking in the sight of his hands. Long, thick fingers, a light sprinkling of dark hair over the back of each digit – they'd feel criminally good inside him, Draco knew. "Oh, no need for that," Draco interrupts quickly, shaking his head with a smile. "I enjoy the anonymity of it, as I'm sure you do as well," he adds coyly, slowly taking his jacket off. The man before him blinks, licks his lips and regards him through slightly narrowed eyes, as if considering something very carefully. "Well, don't just stand there," Draco teases. "I was just heading home, so this will have to be quick. Just for Pansy's sake, considering she went through all that trouble," he carefully lays his jacket over the armrest of the plush sofa in front of him. "Go on, you can't possibly be shy," he rolls his eyes. "Are you new?" he adds when the man still doesn't show signs of undressing. The man's lips twitch, eyes sparkling with a sudden something, and he slowly undoes his jacket button, slipping the garment off his shoulders, hands casually lifting to unbutton his shirt. Draco, on the verge of undressing himself further, pauses, his eyes hungrily fixed on the fantastic body slowly being revealed, inch by inch. Tight pectoral muscles, deliciously hard, flat abdominal muscles, rippling biceps, and shoulders, oh they were a story by themselves altogether – Draco could spend hours nibbling on those bulging shoulder muscles. The renter unbuttons his cuffs, pulls out the shirt tails and lets the shirt slowly slip off, letting it sail to the floor, his hands already unbuckling his belt. Draco holds his breath as the trouser button is popped open, frowning when