A/NAlright everyone, because of a major list of complaints about my grammar in this story and some spelling errors I didn't catch the first round I'm going back and trying to fix them. I am still not the best grammar student in the world but I would like to think I have improved a bit over the last um… three years. For all of those who are dedicated readers of my story I am not changing any facts I may add a bit here and there but nothing that would change the story so reread it if you wish! Disclaimer: I do not own: Chuck E Cheese, Civil Air Patrol, Lord Of The Rings nor any of the other things in this story. Well I do own my character but that is it. WARNING!!! There is a lot of cussing in this story so please try to keep young ones away. Turn back now if you are offended by cursing or some grammar mistakes I warn you once. Also I do NOT like flamers. If you flame to my story I will have you blocked do you under stand! Once in a Blue Moon 'thinking' "speaking" "YELLING" Chapter 1 In the Beginning I was utterly exhausted as I trudged into my bedroom. Ok so it wasn't my bedroom per say, it actually is my sister's bedroom but when she moved out to attend college I stole it, but that is beside the point. Anyways I literally flopped onto the bed from sheer exhaustion. It had been a horrible week and I just wanted to kick back and relax. What was so horrible about my week you ask? Well let me tell you. Monday I went to Civil Air Patrol, I'm the first sergeant of my squadron you know, though I must admit it's really just a glorified title for a baby setter if you ask me. I didn't know that little tad bit of information until after I accepted the position but what can you do after the fact. Tuesday my glorious day off from work was ruined by the neat freak I call my mother. She made me spend the whole day cleaning the entire upstairs, Ok so MAYBE I am the only occupant of the upstairs now that my sister is away so it was my job but why oh why on my day off did she make me clean it? Then after I finally finished upstairs I got shoved into the basement to clean. Fun right? Well it took me all day to finish the job and my day was wasted. Wednesday I worked, I work at Chuck E Cheese mind you so I had to deal with screaming kids this day as well. Well not only did I have to deal with the kids but I closed the game room that night so I had to clean up after idiotic people who do not know how to keep food ON the table… and Kids who loved to purposely drop food on the floor and trod on it to grind it into the carpet. Thursday was yet again spent at work but I did not close the game room… that's good news you say… You guessed wrong… I was in the Rat costume… yes people Chuck E Cheese is NOT a mouse he is a Rat… you can tell by the hairless tail in all the old pictures of him. That costume smells like rotten cabbage YUCK! Friday was another work day; back in the dungeon… er I mean game room. Yet what made it worse was that I usually got off work around ten thirty or eleven the latest but not that night I was there till twelve thirty Saturday morning. And today, well today was just like any other day… yup you guessed it back at work… I tend to rotate back and forth between game room and the rat costume so yup I was the rat again today. I also had to work an extra hour because the 'replacement rat' called in sick. But I do have good news. Yes great news… well it is in my mind. Tonight is the blue moon… I love astronomy that is why it is such a wonderful night. The sky takes my breath away I could get lost in the depths of the universe above me. Though it was somewhat cloudy tonight I could still see the second moon of the month. Before I went home I took a quick pit stop at my old work, McDonald's, and got me a quick bite to eat. I sat outside so that I could watch the sky and the moon I had been waiting for all month. After finishing my meal and relaxing for a few minutes I home. I followed my normal routine; 1. Find a warm blanket 2. Make sure my mother was out for the night 3. Get a bottle of water 4. Find a nice Fan fiction to read. I got into reading fan fictions a while ago. I have three favorite categories to read Dragon ball Z/Gt, X-men and LOTR. I had started out by reading Dragon Ball stories and through a cross over got caught up in the others. LOTR was an instant favorite of mine because after having watched the first movie I begged my mom to get me the books. I read through them all quickly, though I did get in trouble in most of my classes for reading the book instead of doing homework and I spent many sleepless nights only to drag my sorry ass through classes the next day. But I didn't mind I loved the books anyway. My mom is a great person, she has her annoying habits but don't we all? She is always trying to understand me but that's really an impossible task, I hardly understand myself half of the time. She really doesn't like my fascination with fan fictions and my obsession with 'cartoons' (Anime). But what can I say, I am a kid at heart and always will be… or at least I hope so. But she really tries to get along with me. We get in fights like most teenagers and their parents do but you can tell she loves me in her own way. For example she hates camping, and I don't mean she does not like it I mean she Hates it, loathes it, and despises it with every fiber of her being. But she does try; she even got me a tent and lets me 'explore' our backyard when I want to. We have a large wooded backyard a little over five acres I believe. She also tolerates my love for dragons and oriental things. She even went as far to by me a few dragon figures and a few books on Japanese and the Elvin languages. Alright so this story isn't about my mother so let us get back to the main point… me! Ok so I'm not that pretty in my opinion. I am only 5 foot two inches tall with frizzy blond hair that reaches between my shoulder blades. My hair never obeys my commands, ok so hair can't obey anyone's command but can't I have one thought to myself? Ok so my crazy hair is strait at the top but goes really curly at the bottom go figure. I must admit though I Love my eyes, not like LOVE, they are a really strange combination of blue. They are really light blue around the pupil but I have this dark blue ring around the outer edge of my iris. It changes size with my mood which I think is really unique and cool. I'm a little on the heavy side weighing around one hundred and seventy pounds but strangely enough I have a thirty four inch waist which is pretty close to normal. My chest is rather 'voluptuous' for a seventeen year old girl. But where my weight rests is in my hips, they are rather large. It's a curse in my family that and twins, don't even get me started on twins! But even with all this I am happy, I'm not homely or anything people consider me pretty just not gorgeous. The sad thing is it isn't my looks that scare away boys it's my personality. Well at least what they see of my personality. To most people I am a very serious young woman. I am the typical persona of a military female. Just my presence in a room seems to draw attention and not in the best ways. I have a deep voice, still feminine but deeper then most girls. Some people say that if it weren't for my chest I could easily be considered a long haired male when in my BDUs (Battle Dress Uniform). So enough about what I look like I am not running a dating service, I really need to stay on task… ok so where was I oh yes. I was really never raised on strict morals. My mother had my oldest brother when she was sixteen and my sister did drugs for a long time. My brother has continually been in and out of jail my whole life so; I guess you can say I learned what not to do by watching what they did. I actually adopted some old fashion morals because of this. Most people would consider me a good kid because of this. Please don't get me wrong though, I have a pretty busy and sometimes stressful life. With school, karate, C.A.P., work and everything with my family it can get really hectic sometimes. My family, I've told you about my mother and siblings but I failed to mention on tiny thing, I don't get along with my real father. I don't hate him; I can't hate him well because I've never really got to know him. He kind of ignores me, hell he even acknowledges my half brother who isn't even his own kid. Yet I can't really bring myself to caring about his lack of interest. I really don't have a lot of friends, not because I can't make them, just because I have been hurt so many times I tend to distance myself from most people. It is the same with boyfriends I am terrified of being hurt so I shy away from the L word… Oh you know what word I'm talking about… Lu… Lo… Love. There I said it! I tend to put on a Façade around people I don't get along with, they really don't need to know who I am in my opinion, at least until after I get to know them first. I really am a major romantic at heart though. I always had a thing for the typical tall dark and handsome bad boys. The word Can't is not in my vocabulary. I dislike people who give up and Can't is the epitome of giving up. It is the definition for quitting in my personal opinion. Well what else can I say, I'm a loyal friend and a tough fighter. I love animals though I tend to favor Wolves and big cats, tigers mostly, I even growl and purr. That has been the main point of many taunts from my classmates for many years. I am rather attuned to nature enjoying long walks through the quiet woods to see what I can feel. Ok yet again I sound like I'm talking about some damn dating service… Alright well that really is it about me. I'm your normal teenage girl nothing particularly special about me. Alright so let us get back to my night. After reading fan fictions for a few hours I finally decided it was time to get up to my room, I wasn't tired but my mom tends to have kittens if I'm online after two am and it was already pushing four. So after turning off the computer and nabbing