Disclaimer: I do not own the Greek Gods or any of the Myths I do not own Percy Jackson or the Olympian series. That belongs to Rick Riordan. I have taken information gleaned from those books and some myths plus the attitudes of the Gods from some fanfic authors to get my opinions of the Gods. This story is just truly my own opinion and hopes of what should have happened. This is just about the Gods and not many of the demigods. It won't be based on the books. I'm going to make a family of Gods. Okay this will have gay marriage, de-aging, bashing and knowing me most likely spankings after all there will be five children from 10 to 15 in this story. So with sibling rivalry, being young Gods and just normal kids I think you know there will be parental punishments along the way. Plus I would rather see a kid punished with a spanking than banished for years like the myths claim. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED SO DON"T READ IF ANY OF THIS OFFENDS YOU! Chapter 1 Poseidon Has Had Enough Poseidon walked into the throne room. He realized he was the last one to show up even Hades and Hestia beat him today. Well it couldn't be helped as Amphitrite had been acting like a total bitch again. He couldn't understand why he ever married the woman. It was the biggest mistake of his life. The only good thing from his marriage was his son Triton, but that woman was really ruining him. His son was becoming as big a stuck-up snob as his mother. He would have to find a way to turn his son into a nicer person, because he really didn't want to see the boy ruined. He was glancing around the room taking in everybody's moods and actions when he saw something that made him see red faster than spending time with his wife. Everyone in the room was glaring at Apollo like he was a Titan or something. Some were showing total hate like Zeus, Hera and Athena. Others were showing hostility like Artemis, Dionysus, Ares and Aphrodite. That left the others glaring in disapproval not one of the other twelve Gods that were in the room with his nephew were showing him any support. Poseidon could see the pain in the young God's eyes. He knew that it was him only knowing the others would make fun of him that was keeping Apollo from crying from his heart breaking. The kid had the biggest heart of all the Gods. He loved his family no matter how important or minor of a God they were, but they never seemed to give the poor boy a break. Apollo may be thousands of years old, but he truly was a boy at heart. That was why he portrayed himself as an eighteen year old. Poseidon knew he would probably have changed that more to a fifteen year old, but he thought the others might give him more respect if he looked like an adult at least. It didn't matter that Hestia and Artemis portrayed themselves as younger children they still got more respect than poor Apollo. "What is going on here?" He demanded in his most powerful voice. Zeus might be the King of Gods, but that was only because Poseidon normally didn't show this side of himself. Zeus could pretend all he wanted but he knew that Poseidon was the stronger God, so the man was now looking warily at his older brother. Some of the younger ones liked to think that wasn't true like Athena, Dionysus and Artemis, but the rest were in no doubt that when Poseidon used that tone he was a force to be reckoned with. Poseidon glared fiercely around at each God. Apollo was looking down as if afraid to meet his eyes. This bothered him because when the lad did that he usually felt guilty about something. What most people, or he should say what nobody knew was that Poseidon and Apollo were very close. They were literally like Father and son ever since Zeus had banished them to Troy all those centuries and centuries ago. He had watched over the child and took him in hand as a father would. When they had gotten their godly powers back Apollo begged him to keep being his Dad. When the two were alone he actually called Poseidon, Dad and around others he called him Uncle P. Poseidon took it upon himself to set rules and guidelines for the younger God, and if he broke them he punished him just as a mortal father would for his son. The same way he did all the years ago in Troy. In Poseidon's heart Apollo was his son and seeing everybody glaring at him had put the man's hackles up. He was very protective of the kid, his kid in everything that really mattered. "I asked what is going on here and I expect an answer." The steel in his voice rang loud and clear. He was looking at Apollo, but Ares was the one that spoke up. "The fool decided to play a prank on everybody. He said he had a new Prophecy. Some people took real offense to the words he said, and now Father is trying to decide his punishment for his traitorous words." "What were the words and how do you know it wasn't a real Prophecy?" Poseidon asked with a quirked eyebrow. "Because there is no way that will come true," Zeus roared indignantly. "The words please," Poseidon demanded again. Hestia spoke. " The Sea shall claim the Sun for their own The Hearth shall reclaim her throne Wisdom shall be de-throned Death will claim it as his home The new King shall be the God of the Sea The Sea, the Dead and the Sun shall be the new Big Three The new King will leave his Queen in the dust They will Rule over a world more just!" "Apollo, look at me son." Poseidon said more gently than he had said anything since he had entered the room. The blond God raised his eyes to meet the green eyes of the one person he loved and respected above all others. "Apollo, why would you play a prank like that? You are the God of Truth and Prophecies, so why would you make a mockery of those things?" The Sea God asked sternly. Poseidon didn't really believe Apollo would do such a thing, but he was going to make sure on the smallest of chances he was wrong. "I didn't play a prank, but Father and the others don't want to believe it is a true Prophecy, so it makes them feel better to accuse me of lying and playing a prank." Apollo told him in a subdued voice. "You know what I will do if I find out you lied to me." Poseidon gave him a hard look. The sun God blushed beet red but answered anyway. "I know, but I swear I'm not Dad." Everyone looked at Apollo like he was crazy except Poseidon. When he heard the boy call him Dad he knew Apollo was telling the truth. This was the first time in more than two thousand years he had made the mistake and called him that in front of others, but it was how he always talked to Poseidon when he knew he was in trouble for something. It was also his way of saying he wouldn't lie to the man about something so important. "So it seems we have a new Prophecy in play." He said as he nodded at Apollo to let him know he believed him before walking to his own throne. He smiled when he saw his boy relax and send him a grateful look. "You cannot be so idiotic to believe any of this is real Barnacle Beard." Athena snapped angrily. "Why not?" Poseidon gave her a knowing look. "Is it because you know the Prophecy says you will lose your throne? You don't think Hades deserves a throne on the Council more than you? He is the oldest of us and one of the most powerful. Or maybe it is because you don't think Hestia deserves her throne back instead of Dionysus? Why is it of the six of us that are the kids of Kronos, Zeus has managed to replace two with two of his children? Married one and had an affair with another, so he has children with two of them. That leaves me as the only one he has no control over like that. Aphrodite could have been free of his influence but making her marry Hephaestus took care of that." They were all looking at him in shock. None of them knew what to say but that was okay because Poseidon wasn't done. "That is like Hera. He married and keeps cheating on her to keep her from taking her position on the Council serious or for any of us to take her serious, because she is always complaining about his affairs or the mortals. Mortals, that I might add that we need, if we are to continue to exist. She resents his children whether they be demigods, Gods or her own children with him. Thus making her somebody, that nobody likes because of her hateful attitude." Hera glared hatefully at the man. "You can look at me like that all you want Hera, but I'm only speaking the truth." "I do not have a hateful attitude." She snapped, but she was now glaring at all of Zeus's children on the council with hostility. "Defend me you ungrateful brats." "Who do you want to defend you Hera? The son you threw off Olympus as a baby? Or how about the son that had to watch you and his Father give the woman he loved to his brother to marry? Oh I know you want the five step-children that you are always cutting down to defend you. You might get the girls to, but that is only because you do treat them a little nicer than the boys." "You don't know what you are talking about." Hera shrieked, but he ignored her as if she was of no consequence. "Now let's go to Demeter. The other sister Zeus slept with and had a child with. He then tricked that child into going to the Underworld where she ate a pomegranate seed and got stuck there. To make Demeter grateful to him he fixed it so the girl could come back six months of the year. But this also gave her something to take her mind off of things that happen that she needs to pay attention to. So instead of her taking her spot on the Council serious she is always complaining about Hades so nobody listens to her anymore." Poseidon explained while examining his fingernails. The woman mentioned looked like she had been sucker punched. Did Zeus really have something to do with her daughter being stuck in the Underworld? Poseidon didn't give her a chance to talk though. "Now on to Aphrodite, the Goddess of Love that nobody takes seriously, because Zeus and Hera made her marry Hephaestus instead of the man she loved. She is known for cheating on her husband, so why would people think she knew anything about love, if she couldn't even marry for love? This made her become a laughing stock to those that should worship her." "Ares the God of War, why should people respect him? When the thing he is God of he has to share with Athena? It makes it look like his Father and Mother don't take him serious enough, but more like treating him like a child that is playing at war instead of the God of War. This means he doesn't get the respect he deserves, and not getting that respect makes him act