Please be considerate. No guest reviews allowed AUTHOR NOTE: Hello readers! I'm back again! Yeah, yeah, that I should post the Book Four, but then again, I also want to write mini-stories about demigods in my Son of Revenge universe. Most of the characters are OOC because it's AU, not the Riordan's PJO universe. And because it's Fanfiction (duh) Most of the stories will set after The Sea of Monsters. How the Gods celebrated their kids' birthdays Have you ever wondered, how the gods celebrated their children's birthdays? Yeah, yeah, I know about the Ancient Laws. But do you really expect them to follow it? Also, Zeus is a jerk. Apollo The sun chariot was shining brightly, the birds are chirping, and Apollo was whistling some happy birthday's tune. After taking care of all those sick patients and some guy that got himself stuck on a toilet (how's that happened?), he finally got some free time—for the first time in the last 5 years. And it happens right on one of his sons' birthday. Will Solace was another one of Apollo's pride and joy. The sun god even once attended to the demigod's music recital when the boy was in a kindergarten—it took like a fake call of emergency from Hermes to do so. Technically, Apollo attended all of his children's important moments, so basically all of his children are considered precious to him. Chiron, of course, being the camp activity's director and the first person you need to talk to if you want to visit the Camp, already know that Apollo will obviously visit Will, knowing of his birthday. Chiron smiled once Apollo landed his sun chariot—car, right behind Thalia's tree. "Ah, Apollo. I presumed you're here for Will Solace?" "That's right!" Apollo pulled out a yellow colored-wrapped gift from the car's seat. "Got a gift too. I hope he likes it." "He supposed to," Dionysus said, appear besides Chiron. "That brat of yours couldn't stop chirping about what would he gets from you for his birthday since yesterday." Apollo frowned at Dionysus's words of Will being called a brat, but he mentally shrugs it off. "Alright, alright, I will set off immediately to my cabin." Apollo said. "Oh, and don't worry, Chiron. I will make sure the other demigods won't see me coming to the Camp." "As usual." Chiron nodded, approvingly. As much as Chiron was happy that some gods would take time to visit their kids, it's still against the Ancient Laws. Also, Apollo's visit will bring too many attentions and which automatically would attract Zeus as well. Apollo getting punished for visiting his son on his birthday would sounds way too exaggerated. Seriously, punished for visiting their own kids? Sometimes, Chiron wondered if Zeus ever do care to his own kids. Maybe only to Heracles. … Cabin Seven was bustling with songs and cheering. Will was the birthday boy right now, so it's obvious if he was the happiest demigod for today. The harpies already convinced to bake a sun-shaped birthday cake, Michael Yew had bribed Connor from Cabin Eleven to smuggled sodas and other unhealthy snacks, and there were lots of birthday decoration, sun-shaped origami placed around the cabin. There's an unspoken rule in the Camp Half-Blood, when an Apollo demigod is having a birthday, demigods other than Apollo's should not approach or enter Cabin Seven during the duration of the demigod's birthday, until the party is over. Surprisingly, it was encouraged by Dionysus for that—and not just because Dionysus is the God of Party. " Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, happy birthday… Let's hope you're not dead!" The Apollo's sang. "Is the last line really necessary?" Will snickered after he blew out the candles. "Yes, it is. Demigod's life is hard, you know!" Lee Fletcher stated. "Please, don't add that. Who knows what would befall upon Will…" All the Apollo's campers turned around to source of that voice… it was Apollo himself! Dressing in casual outfit instead of his doctor get-up. "Dad!" Will leapt out from his seat—almost knocking down the cake, and rush toward the sun god. "You're here!" "Of course, I am here. Why would I not be?" Apollo ruffled his son's hair. "Well, because… you know… Ancient Laws and you're always busy?" "First, Ancient Laws be damned. I'm not the only god that visit their own kids—don't tell the others. Two, I've already emptied my schedule for today! Unless, some idiot decided it is okay to drink coffee with bleach…" Apollo said. His kids shuddered at the thought of taking care of someone that stupid. "Here, got you something." Apollo pulled out the birthday gift from behind him. "Happy birthday, Will!" Will's eyes widened at the sight of the present. He immediately grabbed said gift from Apollo's hand and quickly unwrapped it, under the curious gazes from his siblings. Apollo grinned widely as he saw the astonished looks from Will, who finally see what exactly did he receive. His other kids looked amazed as well—and a little bit jealous. "No way! You give me a golden covered bow?" Will exclaimed as he inspected the weapon. "Not just any golden covered bow. It's crafted by Hephaestus himself and blessed by me. It will never break and the arrows in that quiver— "Apollo motioned on the beautifully crafted arrows in a yellow leathered quiver inside the gift box. "it will never run out. Pretty cool, huh?" Will quickly hugged Apollo. "T-thanks, dad… This is the best!" Apollo smiled, until… his pager buzzed off, much to his annoyance. He checked his pager and sighed. "Sorry, Will. It appeared that I can't stay in the party for too long. Some mortal man got food poisoned for drinking coffee with bleach." Apollo said. The Apollo's campers face-palmed at that mortal's stupidity. "Nah, it's okay. You took your time to attend my party and you gave me the coolest weapon." Will replied. "I think you should answer that, dad." Apollo smiled. He hugged his son one more time, before teleported back to his sun chariot. And that's how Apollo celebrated his kids' birthdays. Aphrodite Most people and gods would think that Aphrodite doesn't care about her own children, only her own beauty and others love life. Well, they were completely wrong. And ignorant. Aphrodite is not that vain and not an idiot. Few gods know that Aphrodite is actually smart and very understanding. Hephaestus, her husband knows of this side of her better than anyone else. You may wonder, wasn't Aphrodite cheating on Hephaestus with Ares? Meh, wrong! Those are fake stories, spread by Zeus because Aphrodite refused his advance. Did I already tell you that Zeus is a jerk? Okay, we're getting off topic here. Even though her children came from her relationship with mortal men, she loved them all equally, as much as her loves with her immortal children. She also cared for Hephaestus's offspring as well. When one of her children is having a birthday today, Aphrodite immediately making some reasonable excuses to get her off from Olympus and immediately teleported to Camp Half-Blood. Chiron was the first to greets her, and he's not even surprised seeing the Goddess of Love suddenly appeared inside the Big House. "Hello, Lady Aphrodite. I assumed you're here for Drew Tanaka's birthday?" Chiron said. "Indeed," Aphrodite smiled. "Say, isn't Dionysus supposed to be here with you?" "He's currently overseeing Nathan Dorian and Annabeth Chase's punishment at the camp pavilion." (This set after the Sea of Monsters storyline) Aphrodite's eyes twinkled at the mention of her current favorite couple. The son of Poseidon with the daughter of Athena? Who knows, maybe this will erase that stupid rivalries between the Sea God and the Wisdom Goddess—that's what Aphrodite intended to. "Wait, why are they punished?" Aphrodite asked, curious. "For joining on the quest that wasn't intended for them." Chiron explained. "If it weren't for Clarisse La Rue, Percy Jackson, and Travis Stoll for finding them, who knows what would happened next?" … Cabin Ten is perhaps the most secured cabins in Camp Half-Blood. Even Hermes' demigods can't infiltrate into it. It's no secret that Cabin Ten has a good relationship with Cabin Nine, considered their godly parents. And they're also friendly with Cabin Seven. Drew Tanaka was teaching on young campers of how to ride on a pegasi, when a satyr came for her. "Um… Drew?" The satyr said. "Chiron wants you to come to the Big House immediately." "Is something wrong?" she asked, ignoring the fact that one of the young demigod had manage to climb on to one of the pegasi. "Chiron didn't say, but he said it's urgent." The satyr explained. "Also, did that kid just flew away with your pegasi?" "Wait, what?!" Drew turned around and indeed, a young son of Hermes was cheering loudly on top of a flying pegasi. Much to the other young campers' horror. "BRYCE PRICE! GET DOWN HERE, NOW!" … "Chiron, I'm here. What's the emergency?" Drew asked, panted from the running she had done. "Well—why are you panting?" Chiron looked confused at Drew's tired form. "A Hermes kid hijacked a pegasi during the lesson. It took me, Silena, and a group of satyr to chase him down." Chiron decided not to ask further about that, so instead he gave her a warm smile. "Do you remember what day is it today?" "Um… it's Wednesday?" Chiron still smiling at her, until Drew's eyes widened in realization. " Holy Aphrodite! Today is my birthday! How in Hades I could forgot about my own birthday?! Wait, since today is my birthday… does that mean…" Drew glanced toward Chiron with a hope in her eyes. "Yes, I am here, sweetie." Aphrodite said as she appeared beside Chiron, much to Drew's joy. "Mom!" Drew gasped. "Y-you're really came!" "Of course, I am. What kind of mother who would forget her own children's birthday?" Drew grinned as she hugged Aphrodite, who smiled at her daughter. "Drew, I've got you a present." Aphrodite then materialized a white-wrapped birthday gift on her hand and gave it to her daughter. "It took me a lot of time and effort to find this gift. I hope you like it." Without wasting anymore time, Drew immediately unwrapped the gift with the speed that would make Hermes jealous. "No way!" Drew looked astonished at her gift. "I knew you will like it." Aphrodite grinned. "You gave me… a limited edition of Metal Gear series collection?!" Drew exclaimed. "The Hermes kids said that it's unobtainable!" "Well, have you forgotten that Hideo Kojima is one of my son and therefore is your half-brother? Oh, and he also sent you a birthday card." Aphrodite said. Only Hermes's demigods and Hephaestus's knew that Aphrodite's are secretly avid gamers. And inside of their cabins were filled with kind of gaming consoles from different era. Drew was in tears of joy when she hugged her mother again. "T-thanks, mom. You're the best goddess ever!" And that's how Aphrodite celebrated her kids' birthdays. Ares In Cabin Five, if an Ares' demigod is having a birthday, he/she will be woken up by the loud sound of a trumpet from their siblings. Which is currently happened to Sherman Yang right now. Sherman was still asleep in his bed, while the others already woke up early. Clarisse hushed her siblings as she leveled the typical trumpet that was used waking up soldiers, right on Sherman's ear. And then she blew up the trumpet loudly, waking up the son of Ares immediately. "OW!" Sherman yelled as his rubbed his ears. "Are you crazy? Do you want me to get—wait, is today— " "Yes, today is your birthday, sleepyhead." Clarisse said. "Also, it's kind of a revenge from my last birthday, since you blew up my ears until it bleeds in the process." "I didn't know that trumpet could sounded that loud!" "Yeah, yeah, whatever… come on, get dressed already." Mark said. "Dad will be here at noon." …