AUTHOR NOTE: As much as I love making you guys curious and guessing, but please don't put your guesses on the review. It's not funny and it only agitate me further. Yes, I am THAT weird. Bear with me. Will not receive guest reviews. REMEMBER that. Chapter 1: Not The Most Memorable School Dance Ever It was Friday before winter break, my uncle had willingly drove me from New York to Bar Harbor, Maine for my quest. Chiron had explained to me that I have to help Grover protect two half-bloods-apparently siblings like Travis and Connor Stoll with the same mother and father. The only obstacle is the fact there's a monster in their area as well. It was an eight-hour drive from New York to Maine. It's probably exhausting, but Uncle Gabe took it as an excuse to try out his new car. Yes, ever since he got the job as a day shift manager on a restaurant, our financial got an increase, which enough for him to buy a Camaro. The only times when he could drive the car are when he's going to work and when he has to drive me to quest location-which is right now. I'm not the only one on this quest. Annabeth, Thalia, and Nate are also tasked by Chiron, but they are going with Nathan and his mother. Knowing how talkative Ms. Dorian is, I could imagine what kind of conversation their having right now. Probably something about Nate's embarrassing baby story. By the time we finally got to Westover Hall, it was getting dark. I couldn't see Annabeth or Nathan anywhere. I must be earlier than them. Uncle Gabe looked over the Westover Hall, "This school looks evil enough to be a monster's nest, Percy." "Let's hope is not." I said, while slung my backpack over my shoulder. Westover Hall does look evil. Like an evil knight's castle to be exact. It was all black stone, with towers and slit windows and a big set of wooden double doors. It stood on a snowy cliff overlooking big frosty forest on one side and the gray churning ocean on the other. "One more thing, Percy," Uncle Gabe said. "Your mother Iris-messaged me before we take off." "Mom?" "She said something about you should bring extra sweaters so you don't get cold during your quest," Uncle Gabe said. "Oh, and bring extra ambrosia and nectar with you all the time. A golden drachma for emergency Iris-message—" I groaned. Mom! Seriously? Uncle Gabe chuckled. "She also scolded me to always keep an eye on you, just in case if a monster tries to get you or something." My face reddened. Mom… I swear I could hear Nemesis giggling in my head. "Looks like that's it," Uncle Gabe said. "I better head back to New York. I just hope the new employees didn't do anything stupid while I'm gone. Be careful, Percy!" Once my uncle's car was out of sight, I walked around the school gate, waiting for the rest of my friends. Grover wants to wait for us in front of the school gate, but he couldn't risk to lose the demigods, so he told us to meet him inside the school halls once we arrive. Few minutes later, I spotted Ms. Dorian's car pulled over near the pavement. Annabeth was the first to spot me and waved to me as soon as she stepped out from the car. Thalia just nodded to me, while Nathan was being reminded by his mom to not forget to call her if something happens to us. "Do you have everything you need?" Ms. Dorian said. "Yes, Ms. Dorian," Thalia said. "Thanks for the ride." "Extra sweaters? You have my cell phone number?" "Mom-"At this point, Nate's face was red enough to shame a tomato. "Your ambrosia and nectar, Nathan? And a golden drachma in case you need to contact camp?" That's exactly what my mom asking me to. Annabeth and Thalia stared at Nathan, amusedly. "Mom, Percy's here." Nate told his mother- he sounds annoyed- once he realized that I already standing next to Annabeth and Thalia. "Hello, Ms. Dorian," I greeted. "Don't worry, we'll keep an eye on Nate. As usual." Nathan shoot me a glare as if saying 'Seriously?', while Ms. Dorian seemed to relax a little. Nathan once told me that his mom thinks me and Annabeth are the most levelheaded demigods ever to hit eighth grade. She's right, we often keep him from getting killed or doing something stupid. "Mom, please stop embarrassing me! We'll be fine. Come on, guys." Nate said. As soon as he said that, Ms. Dorian looked a little hurt. I proceed to whack Nate on his head for being rude to his mom. Well, he gave an apologetic look to his mom now. Once Ms. Dorian's car was out of sight, Thalia said, "Your mom is so cool, Nate." "She's pretty okay," he admitted. "What about you? You ever get in touch with your mom?" As soon as Nate said it, Thalia gave him the greatest evil looks that would make me give her a perfect 'ten'. "If that was any of your business, Nathan—" I immediately whack Nathan on his head again. Thalia looked to me gratefully. "We'd better get inside," Annabeth interrupted. "Grover will be waiting." Thalia looked at the castle and shivered. "You're right. I wonder what he found here that made him send the distress call." I stared up at the dark towers of Westover Hall. "Nothing good," I guessed. Nothing good doesn't perfectly describe what we're about to face. The oak doors groaned open, and the four of us stepped into the entry hall in a swirl of snow. All I could say was, "Whoa." The place was huge. The walls were lined with battle flags and weapon displays: antique rifles, battle axes, and a bunch of other stuff. I mean, I knew Westover was a military school and all, but the decorations seemed like overkill. Literally. I could already sense something wrong in this place-and not because of the decoration. Something dangerous. Nathan's hand went to his pocket, where he kept his lethal ballpoint pen, Riptide. Thalia was rubbing her silver bracelet, her favorite magic item. My magical ballpoint pen, Redemption felt heavy in my pocket, probably thinking that I'm about to use it-if a pen could think. Annabeth started to say, "I wonder where—" The doors slammed shut behind us. "I already have a bad feeling about this." I mumbled. "Oo-kay, guess we'll stay awhile." Nate muttered. I could hear music echoing from the other end of the hall. It sounded like dance music. We stashed our overnight bags behind a pillar and started down the hall. We hadn't gone very far when I heard footsteps on the stone floor, and two men and a woman marched out of the shadows to intercept us. Two of them had short gray hair and black military-style uniforms with red trim. The woman had a wispy mustache, and two guys were clean-shaven, which seemed kind of backward to me. But that's not what surprised me. The other guy, who looked way younger than he's other peers, has short black hair and brilliant blue eyes. His black military uniforms looked neater as if it still new. All in all, he looked exactly like the guy in my demigod dream six months ago, right after my Golden Fleece retrieval quest. "Well?" the woman demanded. "What are you doing here?" I nodded to Thalia, who stepped forward before us and snapped her fingers. A gust of wind ripples out from her hand, across the room. It washed over all of us, making the banners rustle on the walls. "Ma'am," Thalia said. "We go to school here. You remember: I'm Thalia. And this is Annabeth, Percy, and Nathan. We're in the eighth grade." The older male teacher narrowed his two-colored eyes, while the younger one just looked plainly confused. The older man seemed to be hesitating. He looked at his colleagues. "Mrs. Gottschalk, do you know these students?" A teacher named Got Chalk ? The Fates must've been making jokes around us. The woman blinked, like someone had just woken her up from a trance. "I… yes. I believe I do, sir." She frowned at us. "Annabeth. Thalia. Percy. Nathan. What are you doing away from the gymnasium?" Before we could answer, I heard more footsteps, and Grover ran up, breathless. "You made it! You—" He stopped short when he saw the teachers. "Oh, Mrs. Gottschalk. Dr. Thorn. Mr. Philoxenon! I, uh—" "What is it, Mr. Underwood?" said the older man. His tone made it clear that he detested Grover. "What do you mean, they made it? These students live here." Grover swallowed. "Yes, sir. Of course, Dr. Thorn. I just meant, I'm so glad they made… the punch for the dance! The punch is great. And they made it!" Dr. Thorn glared at us. I decided one of his eyes had to be fake. The brown one? The blue one? He looked like he wanted to pitch us off the castle's highest tower, but then Mrs. Gottschalk said dreamily, "Yes, the punch is excellent." "Yes, I agree?" Mr. Philoxenon said, albeit he still looked confused toward us. "Well, Dr. Thorn, I supposed you wouldn't keep them away from the school dance, would you?" Then he turned to us. "Now run along, all of you. Back to the gymnasium!" We didn't wait to be told twice. We left with a lot of "Yes, ma'ams" and "Yes, sirs" and a couple of salutes, just because it seemed like the right thing to do. Grover hustled us down the hall in the direction of the music. Annabeth turned to me. "Percy? Are you okay? You looked like you just saw a ghost." "It's him," I mumbled. "Mr. Philoxenon. He's the same guy from my demigod dream." "Him?" Annabeth looked toward the direction where the teachers left. "Are you sure it's him?" I already told Annabeth and Chiron about the dream that I have six months ago. Annabeth said that it must be something to do that will impact the current events or worse, the guy will have something to do with Kronos. Chiron only told me to be prepared if I ever meet this guy, since demigod's prophetic dreams can have double meanings like normal prophecies. I nodded. "Short black hair and blue eyes. And his face does look similar." Annabeth looked thoughtful, as if she was thinking the possible reason of Mr. Philoxenon's appearance. "Maybe he's the reason why Grover sent us the distress call. He must be the monster." "He could be. I better keep an eye on him. You, Thalia, and Nate must help Grover escort the demigods." I said. "Are you sure you want to do it alone? You could bring Thalia with you, or Nathan." "I'm the one who have this guy in my dream. I have to be the one to handle him." Meanwhile, Nathan and Thalia were having conversation about Mist manipulating. "How did you do that finger-snap thing?" Nathan asked, curiously. "You mean the Mist? Hasn't Chiron shown you how to do that yet? He already showed Percy about it last month." Thalia said. Nathan only looked down, as if he was taken aback of how Chiron never shown him anything like that. Truthfully, that does make me feel guilty. I mean, I'm his friend and yet I forgot to teach Nate how to do that. Or at least tell Chiron to teach him how to manipulate Mist. Grover hurried us to a door that had GYM written on the glass. "That was close!" Grover said. "Thank the gods you got here!" Annabeth and Thalia both hugged Grover. Me and Nate gave him big high fives. It was good to see him after so many months. He'd gotten a little taller and had sprouted a few more whiskers, but otherwise he looked