Disclaimer: I do not own anything but my own errors and plot and ideas 3 rd Person P.O.V It was just another ordinary day in an ordinary town called Little Winging, the birds were twittering away, the clouds lazily passing by, the sound of the sprinkler system sounding from every other house, maintaining the greenness in all of the yards. It was early in the morning that day, and too early for one boy named Harry Potter. Now this boy, this boy has had it hard in his short eight years of life. From the time he was able to reach the stovetop, he was forced to cook for the people he lived with. An aunt with a horse like face, and a neck as long as a giraffe's, an uncle as large as a walrus and half dozen neck roles, and a cousin so spoiled rotten that he had two bedrooms, one big enough to house a full sized bed, a dresser, a desk, and a television stand with a outstandingly large 50 inch television set and a gaming station. The other a small guest bedroom that was home to all of the broken knick-knacks this boy had destroyed over the course of eight years. It was at 5:30 A.M. that found Harry waking up to begin his day of taking care of his "family". 1 st person P.O.V As I slowly opened my weary eyes, I saw nothing but the dark abyss that made up the cupboard under the stairs. I could feel the dull throbbing sensation in my ribs from where Vernon Dursley, my "Uncle" struck me with his merciless fist. Probably just another fractured bone, just add it to the collection I have gathered over the years. I could hear the lumbering footsteps of Vernon's feet coming down the stairs under which I had lived in for the past eight or so years. With each step dust would make its presence known. I probably would have been scared, but over the years I had gotten used to the heavy thuds that I found so intimidating and terrifying years ago. I am treated like a slave, but I feel that that word does no justice to what I have to do each and every day, ill or not. Vernon finally made it down the stairs and I could hear him approach the door to the prison I have been confined to for as long as I was able to remember, and with the way things are for me, I remember each and every second I spend in this place that makes hell seem like a paradise. He stopped in front of the door and unlocked the many locks he installed to ensure I couldn't escape. With the locks gone, he opened the door, which opened with a creek that never failed to get on my nerves. As the door slowly swung open, I looked up into the cold tired eyes that belonged to what I have come to call him Satan himself. With a gruff voice he commanded, "Boy get up and make us breakfast. You are not to eat until your aunt and cousin have woken up and have had their fill. I also want you to fetch the newspaper and make me a cup of tea. Now before I bring out the belt!" "Yes Uncle Vernon, right away sir." I said in a tone without emotion that I have come to master in my short miserable life. As I was fetching the newspaper for my oaf of an uncle, I began to dabble in some rather dark thoughts. I was debating on whether or not I should put some poison in with their breakfast this morning. As quickly as that thought came into mind, I dismissed it, there would be traces of the poison and it could lead to me going to jail. Then again, there is no proof of me actually living here. There are no family pictures and there is no picture of just me alone. Hell, there isn't even a trace that I exist in this house of horror. As I was debating on it, I made Vernon his tea and started on fixing breakfast. As I was cooking, I was very tempted to spit in their food but decided against it for it would surely end up with me being used as Vernon's personal punching bag. I came to my conclusion after I ate the scraps of toast that they left me. I was not going to kill them. Not just yet anyways, I still need them. I could start going to the library after I make the lunch. All I would have to do is complete my list of chores faster. Despite my body being skinny and a canvas for scars, I was most definitely one of the brightest kids at the school I went to. I had an eidetic memory so of course I remembered everything that I have read in primary school. I could give you the definition to a word, word for word. As if I was reading out of the dictionary itself. In a way that is true, I picture the page and all of the words that were on the page. It didn't show in my school work or my grades because if I did better than ickle diddykins then I would have a date with a 'friend' called The Belt. It did me a lot of good to be honest. Everyone always underestimates me. I mean, who would suspect the kid who wears scraps of clothing and is bullied by everyone in the school(the teachers not knowing of my predicament of course) and does poorly in class to be a genius and a master deceiver? However, going back to my thoughts on travelling to the library everyday, it would do me a lot of good. Not only would I not be at the Dursley's, I would also be in the sacred halls of knowledge! With this in mind, I started on my chores, which consisted of the dishes, sweeping, mopping, and wiping down the counters and table, dust the living area and vacuum the halls and clean the bathrooms. Then I had to go to each of their bedrooms, gather up their laundry and wash them. After doing that I had to straighten their rooms and put any broken toys that was in Dudley's bedroom and put it in his other room. Once I completed those I had to go outside and care for the garden, cut the lawns and water the grass, and finally pull the weeds. It took a long, hard six hours but it was finally done, and just in time for me to make lunch. As I was making lunch, my aunt Petunia came into the kitchen and got a glass from the cupboard. As she walked to the refrigerator to get a glass of tea like she usually does, I asked her in a timid voice, "Aunt Petunia, I was wondering if I could possibly go to the library? I have already finished all of my chores for the day and I could be out of your hair for at least three hours. " She turned to me with cold calculating eyes that held so much malice it made me flinch internally and she sniffed, "I suppose that would be fine, having you out of the house would be a godsend. Hurry up with lunch and get the hell out of here you good for nothing brat before I change my mind. If this is going to be a daily thing I want you to add cleaning out the gutters and cleaning the garage to your daily chores. I also want you to clean out the attic tomorrow. If you see a box up there with the name 'Lily', open it. It was your whore of a mother's, you can have everything that is in there. She also has a few guitars up there too, as well as an amp. You can have those as well. You can keep them up there for now. While I loathed your good for nothing mother, I understand your lack of possessions and it is pitiable. Just don't let Vernon find out I have those up there and I doubt Dudley even knows we have an attic. Besides, I can't let you have a lot of free time, a freak like you doesn't deserve to have a lot of free time." Internally cheering at the fact that I will be going to the library every day and groaning at the work that has been added to my To Do list as well as excited at the idea of finally having something that belonged to my mother. It shouldn't take that long, possibly an extra hour for the gutter, we don't have trees around the house so that is a plus, and for the first day cleaning the garage, that could possibly take two, maybe three hours. As for the attic, maybe I could start going there to escape the Dursley's. I was also a bit shocked, this was by far the nicest thing any member of the Dursley family has been to me, I then asked, "What am I supposed to do if there is rubbish in the garage? For that matter, what is rubbish and what isn't?" I decided against asking her about my mother, this probably annoyed her enough and I didn't want her changing her mind. Growling in anger, she said. "Never you mind that, I will clean it out tomorrow and when I have done then I will show you how I want that garage to look. Got that you imbecile?" "Yes Aunt Petunia" I said in fear I didn't actually feel, can't have them figuring out I don't fear them any more now can I? After I finished making lunch and cleaned off the dishes I used, I was off to my first ever library trip! I was so excited, I was finally do something worthwhile. Something meaningful. Something that was going to be beneficial for my future. I mean, other kids and or adults would think I am exaggerating but in reality, I am not. After I read enough I will just leave the Dursley's. If I can go from being chased around by the other kids at school and end up on the roof mid sprint then maybe I can do some other things. Like that time I shrunk Dudley's dreadful hand me down sweater, or that time I regrew my hair overnight! What if I can change my appearance at will! Then maybe I could just change my appearance and still go to school under a new identity! Yes, that is what I will do if I can really do these types of things. Like in the old fairy tales, maybe I am a wizard! What an entertaining idea that is. Me, a wizard. Ha! Maybe a few of my screws are loose up there up in my noggin. Ah well, what is wrong with a little bit of madness eh? What with Vernon, Petunia, and Dudley constantly slapping, punching, and kicking me and all the items that they had either thrown or straight up broke over me. They left quite a few scars actually. Another reason I haven't any friends, with Dudley and his pitiful gang of bullies targeting me as their personal punching bag. But perhaps I may be a wizard, I mean I have done a lot of things that should not be possible. Was my mom capable of doing these things too? What about my dad? Petunia and Vernon said my parents died in a car accident when I was a baby, that was how I got that funny looking scar on my forehead. I wonder how many scars I have. Probably too many to count. On my back I know for a fact that there are at least twenty. I