A/N: Hello friends. This is just a small ficlet that I couldn't forget the idea of. Forgive me. Also, enjoy. Disclaimer: Anything you recognize (e.g. the Harry Potter universe and everything in it lol) is not mine. "Before we begin, I would like to say how sorry I am for your loss, Miss Evans." In a way, Lily appreciated Dumbledore getting that out of the way. She knew he had asked to speak with her for a more important reason than to express his condolences for the death of her parents. She shut her eyes briefly as he spoke, nodding in response and in thanks. "Now, I believe it might interest you to know that Professor Slughorn is taking a year off from teaching." It did interest her, though she didn't know why he was bothering to tell her. "He claims he hasn't seen enough of the world, and that staying here in England is causing too much stress. Quite understandable, given the circumstances, and I of course do not wish for him to be in bad health. However, I must find a replacement." He looked at her with that unnerving, pointed gaze of his that sent her back to her years at school. "Miss Evans," he continued, "Horace requested you." She blinked, thrown. "But, sir, surely you're not considering this? I couldn't possibly be qualified!" The Headmaster tilted his head and surveyed her. "Ah, but I agree with Horace. You are perhaps the best for the job, and just what this school needs." "But I've been living in the Muggle world ever since school. And besides, I'm too young! No student in their right minds would listen to me. I'm barely older than them." "Again, you do not give yourself enough credit, Miss Evans. You are perfectly qualified, if your N.E.W.T. scores are anything to go by. And, as I recall, you were Head Girl. You were successful at leading the student body then, and I fully believe you will be now." Dumbledore clasped his hands together. "As for your time in the Muggle world, I will not pry, but there are some things I will need to update you on. I'm afraid I must inform you of several issues that have arisen since you left the magical world." Again, there was that gaze. It left Lily wondering if he was disappointed in her, and what could possibly have happened in the three years she was gone. "But first, I must know if you will agree to take the post of Potions professor. You will be offered private quarters here in the castle, should you wish to live here." Lily sat quietly for a long moment, staring down at her lap. On the one hand, she could return to her simple job at the book shop and her childhood home in the Muggle world, where her parents lived no longer. Or she could start anew in the Wizarding world, like she did at age eleven. She raised her head and met her old professor's gaze. "I'll accept, professor." He smiled. "In that case, you may call me Albus. We are colleagues now, after all." Lily made a face, though she tried to hold it back. "Of course, Albus." "Now, to update you. I'll start with the Order of the Phoenix, an organization of mine that I am quite proud of, I must say…" The Auror office was nearly empty when James and Frank returned from their raid. Only Darcy, the office secretary, Alice, and Moody remained. Alice, James assumed, was waiting for Frank, whereas Moody would be waiting for their report. Frank dropped a kiss on his wife's cheek before he followed James into Moody's office. "Anything good?" the Head Auror asked in his usual grunt, hardly glancing up from the papers on his desk as the men filed in and shut the door. "Only minor Dark artefacts. Stuff you could find at Borgin and Burke's. Nothing incriminating enough to pin him with," Frank reported. "Aye, but that's better than nothing. Anything else?" "Just that their wards are complicated, and that they're definitely hiding something," James added, his expression dark. Moody snorted. "Of course they are, boy. Nott Senior is a known Death Eater. What else would you expect?" He leaned back in his seat and surveyed the partners standing before him. They looked exhausted, which was understandable given the understaffing in the Auror office. But they were his best men, so they were assigned the most work. "Tomorrow, then." His blunt dismissal came as a relief to both James and Frank. They exited Moody's office, and closing the door behind him, James let out a sigh. "Guess it's my turn, then?" he asked. Frank nodded and grinned. "Paperwork doesn't do itself, mate." James groaned. "Besides, only one of us has a girl waiting up for them, and it's not you." He winked and left for the main doors, beckoning for Alice. James look at the stack of parchment on his desk and sighed again. "Darcy?" he called. They woman in question looked up at his voice, and immediately smirked. "Yes, James?" "Looks like I'll be here for a while. Wouldn't exactly object to company…" He trailed off, but Darcy got the idea. She hopped off her seat, blonde curls bouncing. She perched on the corner of his desk and ran a hand through his hair. "Long day?" she asked. "Mhm," he replied, enjoying her attention but almost entirely focused on the parchment. The sooner he left, the better, in his opinion. Three months in, and Lily's new position was a success. Teaching came more naturally to her than she thought—that is, once she got over her anxieties about it. The students had come to respect her, even the older ones. It was strange being a member of the staff at such a young age, but she had good relationships with her professors as a student, so it wasn't too difficult to get along with them as colleagues. Along with her Potions classes, Lily helped Madam Pomfrey in the Hospital Wing, even brewing potions for the Healer's stores. She visited Flitwick to talk about Charms, her other best subject in school, and regularly went down to Hogsmeade. She forgot how much she loved the Wizarding world. It helped that her pay and living quarters were much better than what she had before. Working menial jobs and living under her parent's roof hadn't been ideal, but it was the best she could do without a full Muggle education. She had left to avoid the rising threats the Wizarding world posed, and her parents had never really accepted that she'd stick with magic after school. It was all too easy. She remembered all too well why she left. Coming back to Hogwarts had reminded her of the prejudice and hate that came from a portion of the magical population. She'd had to put a stop to many taunts in the corridors, and her classroom wasn't much better. But she wasn't going to think about that. It was the weekend, and once she finished the Blood Replenishing Potion for Poppy, she had plans to go to the Three Broomsticks. She absentmindedly stirred the mixture in her cauldron counter-clockwise, adding one clockwise stir every few rounds. Just like Severus had taught her. No. She wasn't going to think about that either. James let himself into Sirius' flat and waited on the couch for his friend. They were due at an Order meeting soon, and James had finished his work earlier than he expected, so he decided to kill some time at his best mate's house. "Hey, Prongs!" Sirius called from the bathroom. "Rumor has it we're inducting some fresh meat tonight." James groaned. "Great. More people for me to train." "Yeah, mate, but Dor says they're good. Anyways, you ready?" James stood and nodded as Sirius came into view. They Disapparated to Hogsmeade with a small crack and set off on the path up to the castle, where all Order meetings were held. They were a few minutes early, so Sirius went to go chat with Dorcas. James just took a seat and stared at nothing until Dumbledore cleared his throat. "Alastor, I believe you had something to report?" His tone of voice left James a little wary. He had a feeling he wouldn't like what Moody had to say. "Right," Moody began gruffly. "Well, you all know Crouch has been getting aggressive. He's just proposed we grant all Aurors permission to use the Unforgivables." "What?" James didn't know what he was expecting Moody to say, but that wasn't it. "Yes, Potter. You'll hear more about it on—" "What is he thinking? That it won't matter whether we kill or properly arrest them, as long as they're Death Eaters? Bullshit! That'll only make us just as bad as them!" "You'd do well not to interrupt, James," Dumbledore said with a piercing look. "Hold your fire, Potter," Moody growled. "I'll be sure to let the others know that the Unforgivables are a last resort." James slumped back in his seat and kept his head down for the rest of the meeting. "Now that all the reports have been given, I'd like to introduce you all to our newest member," Dumbledore addressed the room. "For those of you who don't know her, this is Lily Evans. She has filled Horace Slughorn's position as Potions Master while he is away." Sirius, who sat behind James, leaned forward and muttered, "If I'd had her as my Potions professor, you can bet I would've gotten us many more detentions." Peter snickered from his seat next to Sirius. James took the opportunity to actually look at the new member. She was certainly pretty, he realized with flip of his stomach. She had to be just a few years younger than him at most, which made her position as a teacher at Hogwarts even more impressive. And yet, he didn't remember her from school. Sirius voiced his thoughts. "Funny, she doesn't look much younger than us, but I don't remember her from Hogwarts." "I do," said Remus. The other three looked at him in surprise. "She's Muggleborn. Gryffindor, too, you know. And quite smart, so I'm not surprised she's a professor." "Gryffindor, eh? How do I not remember her?" Sirius wondered, turning to watch the girl in question. Lily Evans was talking to Dorcas as if they were old friends, which only confused them more. Who was that girl? Her first Order meeting completely altered her new life in the Wizarding world. She reconnected with some of her friends from school, and suddenly it was like she had never left in the first place. She had plans to meet Dorcas Meadowes and Benjy Fenwick for a butterbeer. Dorcas was one of the few Gryffindor girls in her year, and Benjy was her favorite Potions partner. They were both in the Order and delighted to see her again. Benjy arrived late and slightly out of breath. "I hate to cancel on you, but there's just been an attack. Oakham in Rutland. I've been called to help." "Wait," said Dorcas, alarmed. "Isn't that the town near Cokeworth?" she asked, looking at Lily. "Yes, and near Uppingham. Those were where the last two attacks were, so they seem to be moving through the county. But I really do have to go." He dropped a kiss on Lily's cheek. "Another time?" He left before she got the chance to nod. Lily turned back to face the table and noticed Dorcas watching her. "You're from Cokeworth," she said, her voice hushed. Lily stiffened. "Oh, Lily," her friend breathed. "I didn't even think—oh, I'm so sorry." Lily sat silently in her seat. Though they were in the Three Broomsticks, the atmosphere around their table was anything but warm and cheerful. "Have you heard from Snape? Was it him?" That was the worst question Dorcas could've asked, but it was the one that needed to be said.