A little fall story for everyone, hope you enjoy it. EPOV I've been watching Bella for about three months now and I have been intrigued by her. She's beautiful, smart and shy at times. I've seen her at lunch with Alice and a few of the other girls. I've wanted to speak to her but I've been so scared that she wouldn't talk to me, except for work related stuff. I've said hello to her several times and she always responds with a hello and a smile. I've noticed that since September she has started to decorate her desk for fall. She seems really to like the season. She dresses in browns, oranges and deep green colors, along with shades of gold. Not brassy, gaudy gold, but subtle gold, tan colors. I've never been one for Halloween, especially since my parents were killed on that night by a drunk driver, which is also the reason I've never learned to drive. Of course that in itself would make any woman run from me. What twenty-eight year old doesn't drive. But this year as Halloween approached I've found myself getting interested in it and the beautiful woman who decorated her desk with pumpkins and little fall scenes. I've taken to leaving her little treats on her desk with notes. Just little candies or a candle. The notes were cute and sweet, or at least I thought they were. Halloween is a week away and Bella still doesn't know who has been leaving the treats on her desk. I watched her as she picked up the package of pumpkin spice tea and pumpkin scones that I picked up at this little bakery downtown. I knew how much she enjoyed her tea, and I was running out of halloween themed candy. I couldn't wait till I would reveal myself to her at Alice's annual Halloween party, I usually don't go to the party but since I've watched how Bella embraced fall and Halloween, I've been reminded of how much my mother loved the season. I was worried that she would she be surprised by who I am and that would she run from me? But what if she didn't and this was the start of something wonderful? Every morning I'd watch her arrive at her desk and look around to see who was around before she would pick up today's offering and read the little card attached. She smiled and peered at our other co-workers trying to guess who left the item that she held in her hand, with a shrug of her shoulder she'd sit at her desk and start on her work. " Good Morning Volturi and Associates, this is Isabella how many I direct your call," she'd say as she answered the phone. I loved hearing her voice. I dreamed of hearing her say my name to me other than at work. I've only heard it a few times when she directed calls to my line or when she had to bring things over from Alice's office. We'd occasionally see each other in the elevator and she'd smile but we haven't really spoken to each other at length, a polite hello or goodbye. But nothing more than that sadly. This morning I left a package of Hershey kisses on her desk, they were all wrapped in oranges and browns. My note read, " These remind me of your warm chocolate eyes." It was a particular cold day and I went out to lunch, I saw Bella and Alice walking back to the office. I watched as Bella gave her scarf to one of the homeless people that sat around out front. I made a mental note to buy her a scarf on the way home. She had such compassion and she smiled as she walked back inside and headed towards the elevator. We all were in there and Jacob also. He was annoying as he spoke to her, demanding that she go to dinner with him and he wouldn't take no for an answer. Bella held her own though, and I will be calling him into my office to discuss this matter further. After a bit, I called my secretary and had her get Jacob in my office. Jacob walked into my office but before I could say something about Bella, there was a knock on the door. "Mr. Masen, I am sorry but here is a urgent FEDEX package for you." "Thank you Miss. Swan," I said taking the package. Once she left Jacob said, "Man, what a fine piece of ass that is. I plan on tapping that soon." I could feel the anger course through my veins as I looked at his smug face. "Jacob, it is against Volturi company policy to make sexual remarks about another co worker. If I hear of this again, you will be dismissed." "Yes sir," he said with a sneer as he stood up to leave. I was glad to have him out of my office. I opened the package and went through the contents and then I signed off on the contracts and then decided to call it a day. I headed out of my office, and I smiled over at Bella as I walked to the elevator. I walked down to Macy's to pick up a scarf for Bella and then I got on the subway and headed home. I couldn't wait to put the scarf on her desk. The next morning I got there early and placed the the scarf and my note on her desk, the note read, " Your kindness is one of the most beautiful parts of you." I waited outside of my office to see her pick up the note and the box, she read it and then opened the box pulling out the deep purple scarf and she looked around the office. Her eyes fell on me and she smiled shyly before she sat in her chair and turned on her computer. I went into my office with a smile, she had no clue who left the scarf on her desk. The day ended and I didn't see Bella when I left but I spoke with Alice about her Halloween party, and told her I would definitely be there. It shocked her but she was happy about it. "Is there a reason you are going to come to my party now?" she asked. "Perhaps, but you don't need to know about it." "You like someone here at the office, don't you?" "Umm.. maybe," I told her. "I knew it, it's you. You're leaving Bella treats on her desk in the mornings." "Will you keep it down," I said to her as I looked around to see if anyone overheard. "No worries cousin, Bella went home sick today. She had a sore throat and stuffy nose." "Are you sure? Do we need to send a doctor to her house?" "No, she'll be fine," Alice said as she smiled at me. "Perhaps I'll get her some chicken soup and crackers for lunch tomorrow and a large up of honey and lemon tea, if she's going to be at work," I said to Alice. "Yeah, she'll be here tomorrow. I'll send her on an errand down to the copy room close to lunch time and then you can leave it on her desk." "Sounds good." Alice went back to her office and I went to mine and finished up my work for the day. I decided to take a company car home, needing a relaxing drive instead of the subway. I called downstairs to let the driver know I'd be coming down in ten minutes. I gathered my briefcase and headed to the elevator, as I was waiting for it I looked over at Bella's desk and frowned. I hope she felt better tomorrow, the office seemed a bit darker without her smiling face. I got in the elevator and rode down to the garage level where I was met by the driver. "Good Evening, Mr. Masen," he said to me. "Evening Riley." "Where would you like to go? To your residence?" "I'd like to go for a drive down to Lakeshore Drive," I told him as he opened the door for me. "No problem," he said as I got in. He shut the door and I pulled out my phone and pulled up my pictures. As he pulled out of the garage I scrolled to Bella's picture and looked at it. I took this picture from my doorway as she opened one of the gifts I left her and the smile on her face warmed my heart. I looked out the window at the city passing by me, and I couldn't wait to leave her the gifts I had for her on Thursday and Friday. On Thursday, I was leaving her the Phantom of the Opera cd, since she loves musicals and it is very special to me. On Friday, I am leaving her an orange rose, the meaning is acceptable for sending any message of enthusiasm, one of love, thanks, friends or congratulations. I decided against a red rose, since they were primarily for people in love. I wouldn't want to scare her off yet. I looked down at her face on my screen and smiled, she was so beautiful but she didn't act like other women. She was polite and shy, and had such a sweet personality. "Are you ready to return to your residence?" Riley asked. "Sure, could you drive down W. Hawthorne and then head towards my residence." "No problem, Sir." I just wanted to feel close to her, I know others would see it as stalking but not really. I looked out the window as we were approaching her house and I smiled as I saw on light on upstairs in what I thought could be here bedroom. Hopefully she was resting and would be at work in the morning and at lunchtime I'd have her some soup and tea. As Riley headed back towards my home, I decided I would have a little dinner and then play my piano some. It helped me to relax and my Bella has inspired a new composition that I needed to get down on paper. The car stopped and Riley opened the door for me and I got out. "Thank you Riley, enjoy your evening," I told him as I handed him a tip. It wasn't necessary, but he did drive me all over Lakeshore Drive. "You're welcome, Mr. Masen," he said as he turned back to the car and I headed up the walkway to my house. It seemed too large for one person. It was always just a place to sleep, it's been missing the homey feeling. Perhaps one day it will feel like a home. I went in and made a quick sandwich and then sat down at my grand piano and started playing the notes that were swirling in my head. As I wrote them down I hoped to play them for Bella. Would she like it? I guess I'd have to wait to see. I finished up and then headed up to bed, sleep wouldn't come easy as my thoughts were on the brown eyed beauty that resides down by the lake. Wednesday was a flurry of activity at the office, I was glad to see Bella back and I watched as she smiled when she saw the soup and tea on her desk, but I really didn't get to interact with her as I had meetings all day and some took me away from the office and when I returned she was already gone for the day. Thursday morning I left her the Phantom of the Opera cd and one of my favorite quotes, I always loved Erik's words in that part of the play, and they were the truest words to my heart. I knew how to play all of pieces from the play. The music always