BPOV "Bella, you need to come skating with us tonight at Millennium Park, they're lighting the tree," Alice whined while we were doing our work in the conference room. "I'm tired of being the fifth wheel in our group. I'll be fine sitting at home watching ' It's A Wonderful' again for like the millionth time." "Come on, I promise you won't be left out. I may have a plan," she sing-songed as she flitted out of the door to get some more copies. Whenever she sing-songed that way, it usually meant she was up to something. I shook my head as I continued putting the binders together. Just then, her phone started ringing. I looked at it and noticed the picture of her older brother on the screen. "Alice Cullen's phone," I said, sounding utterly ridiculous. " Umm...Hi, I'm trying to reach my sister," the velvety voice replied. "She just stepped out to grab some copies," I said. "I'm sure she'll be back right away." " Okay, I can wait. Who is this by the way?" he asked. "This is Bella, I work with Alice." " Ahh... the friend I keep hearing about. " "I guess, but don't believe half of what she says. You're the brother I hear about in LA?" I asked. " Yeah, " he said with a laugh. " Don't believe anything she says either. But you do sound just pretty as she said you were." "Excuse me?" " She told me that you are very pretty and that we should meet soon. You know Alice, always the matchmaker." "True," I said as I looked up at Alice smiling from the doorway. "The evil little pixie just got back, I'll hand you over to her, um..." " Edward, " he said. "Here she is Edward." " It was nice talking to you, Bella. Maybe I'll see you later," he said softly. "Maybe." I handed the phone to Alice with a scowl, "You knew he was calling," I whispered. She smiled as she started to talk to him. I shook my head, working as she talked. "Okay, I'll see you later. Don't be late." I watched as she dropped her phone on the table. "That was my brother, Edward," she said with a smile. "Yeah, I know. Is he going skating, too?" I asked quirking an eyebrow at her. "Yep, he's part of the plan. He's single, you're single." "Alice, come on. You've tried matchmaking before and it turned out badly. Besides he lives in LA." "Not anymore, he's moving back here. Besides, it's not a real date, more like hanging out and seeing where it might go." "Great, but still. It doesn't mean that we'll have anything in common," I said as I finished the stack of binders in front of me." "Come skating and see," she smirked. "Fine, I'll go skating." She smiled and hugged me as we finished our work. I went back to my desk to finish my work before getting ready to go. I gathered my things and pulled on my coat, then went to find Alice. "Hey, I'm heading out, what time shall I meet you?" I asked. "We will be there at 7, don't be late," she said as she hugged me. "I can't wait." "Okay, I'll be there." I can't believe I agreed to go ice-skating; it's a recipe for disaster for sure. Especially with meeting Alice's brother, too. It didn't take me long to get home, and I went straight to my bedroom and starting pulling out clothes. I hated when Alice set me up with various people, but this time it was worse. It was her brother. Even though she stressed it wasn't a date, more like just hanging out and seeing what might happen. I shook my head at her way of thinking. I pulled out some skinny jeans and a pair of boots that were safe to walk around in after skating and my favorite, dark blue sweater that matched my scarf and hat. I hoped that this outfit would meet her approval. I made some soup for dinner and sat at my table trying to calm my nerves. Even though it wasn't a date, it felt like one. It was a short walk to Millennium Park. I could drive over, but it was much easier to walk. I'm sure my father would disapprove, but I have my can of pepper spray and I've lived here long enough to know how to get around. Besides, I've always felt safe here. I grabbed my small purse put my wallet and pepper spray inside, and stepped out, zipping my coat up and pulling up my hood. I walked quickly down the street towards the park; it wouldn't take long to get there. I enjoyed walking in the city, especially at Christmastime. I loved seeing the lights in the trees and on the buildings. People smiled as they hurried along to wherever they were going and I smiled at some people as I walked. I could see the entrance to the park and I saw Alice already looking around for me. She was easy to pick out in a crowd, always bouncing around, an endless ball of energy. Jasper was next to her, a calm presence in her world of hyper-ness. I wonder if Edward was just the same or was he the total opposite. Rose and Emmett were standing there, too. Rose was so beautiful, blonde hair and blue eyes, every man's dream girl, and Emmett, tall, dark and handsome. I always hated feeling like the fifth wheel; maybe it won't be so bad tonight since Edward will be there too. But I have no expectations with meeting him; most men don't find me the least bit interesting. I'm just plain boring Bella. "Hey Alice," I said as I walked up to her. "Bella, I'm so glad you are here. I was getting worried you weren't coming." "I told you I'd be here." "True," she said as she looked around. Emmett pulled me into a hug, "Hey Bells, how's it going?" "Good," I said as I looked up at him and smiled at Rose. "Where's your brother?" I asked looking over at Alice. "Don't worry he'll be here, he's on his way from the parking lot." She smiled at me as Jasper wrapped his arm around her waist. I looked at all of them and the feeling of being out of place crept over me. Even though they always tried to make me feel part of their group; being the only single person was hard. Maybe someday I'd be part of a couple. I don't even remember what that is really like. I fixed my hat and tightened my scarf around my neck as I watched a tall, classically handsome young man taking determined steps in our direction; just my luck that this self-assured, dashing man would be a Cullen. I stood practically paralyzed and probably drooling a little as I watched him appear before us. I'm not quite sure I heard what his exact words were as he greeted Alice. All I could do was stare at his impressive features, from his mesmerizing green eyes and chaotic wind-blown hair to his chiseled jaw, which was now featuring a most genuine smile. I was utterly speechless and even more so when I saw that his smile had morphed into a puzzled look. That was when I realized that the attention was now focused on me. Oh dear God, please let me be able to formulate a coherent sentence. "Bella, this is my brother Edward. Edward this is my best friend, Bella." I looked up at him and I could feel my cheeks burning as his green eyes swept over me. "It's a pleasure to meet me, um I mean you. It's a pleasure to meet you," I said as I looked away for a moment. He chuckled and smiled crookedly at me, "It's a pleasure to finally meet you." I nodded as we all walked to the skating rink and went to get skates. Once everyone had arrived, we went and sat close to the rink to put them on. I watched as Edward laced up his skates, and then he looked over at me. I diverted my eyes back to my skates and then looked back at him. "Do you need help with those?" he asked as he scooted closer to me. "Most people tie them improperly and then they cause damage to their feet." I nodded not knowing what to say. He took the laces, tightened them and tied them just right. "Thank you," I said as he offered me his hand to help me stand up. "You're welcome," he said as he held my hand as we made our way to the rink. "My sister has her eyes on us." "Yeah, I could feel them. I think she has some sort of plan." "Me too, but if it's okay, I'd like to skate with you," he said softly as he tucked a strand of hair underneath my hat. "I'd like that, but I have to warn you I'm not that good of a skater." "Don't worry I'll be here to catch you if you fall," he said as we stepped onto the ice. I stayed closest to the wall as Edward skated right next to me. I couldn't help but look over at him as we slowly moved around the ice. He truly was handsome, and the exact opposite of Alice. I watched him turn and look my way as he smiled at me and I stumbled a bit on the ice. He gripped my hand in his as he steadied me. "I got you, Bella. I'll never let you fall," he said as he placed his hand on my lower back as we skated slowly. We skated around for a bit, passing Alice a few times and she just smiled at us. "She's definitely up to something." "Yeah, she is. I can tell you that I'm not in on whatever her plan is, I want to get to know you, not because of whatever her the plan is..." "She always means well. Alice wants everyone to be as happy as she is. I admire her in believing that anything's possible. I just think she has a hard time knowing when to quit." "I'd really like to get to know you, but if it's not something you want, I'll gladly just be friends," he said as he stood in front of me, we were not longer skating. I looked up to see the sincerity in his eyes and I smiled, "I'd like to get to know you, too." "That's awesome, Bella. We can go at your pace, you will control everything." We moved around the rink for a bit more, but this time he held my hand in his and it didn't feel awkward. It actually felt nice. "Would you like some hot chocolate?" he asked. "Sure," I replied. "Okay, I'll be right back." I nodded as I watched him skate away. I couldn't believe that this was part of Alice's plan; I guess I may have to thank her if this works out. I decided to skate a bit more, and as I did, I felt my foot catch on a groove in the ice and I fell hard on my ankle. "Damn it," I cursed softly as I tried to get up. I felt strong arms wrap around my waist and then felt myself being lifted up and carried off the ice to a bench just outside the rink and proceeded to take my skate off. "I'm fine, really," I protested. "I want to check it out, Bella. I'm a sports doctor with the Chicago Blackhawks," he said as he slipped off my sock. All I could think of was, thank God Alice forced me into getting a pedicure last week. "Fine," I breathed out as his fingers moved against my