Author's Note: This is the second part of Pumpkin Spice Hearts, reading PSH is a must so that you can understand it. Thank you to Clo Rodeffer for her help with this story as well being an awesome banner making, and writer. As always Stephenie Meyer owns all the characters. Hope you enjoy and thanks for reading. BPOV I walked into the office and smiled at everyone as I got out of the elevator. I could hear everyone talking about Edward and referring to him as Mr. Grinch. He's not really grinchy, he loves Christmas. He just expects work to be done also and some of the staff do tend to meander a bit long over the Christmas treats in the staff room and sometimes take advantage of the relaxed atmosphere. But Edward isn't a grinch, far from it. I smiled as I sat down at my desk and noticed the candy canes and a note. He never stopped the little treats and notes on my desk, I loved it. It was a favorite part of my day. I picked up the note and read his words. " Good Morning, my angel. I hope you had a restful sleep. May your day be filled with thoughts of me and our lovely night together. All my love, Edward." I put the note in my purse as I booted up my computer and waited for it to come on. "Bella, Mr. Grinch is in a awful mood. Did you and him argue this morning?" Mike Newton said as he walked over to my desk. "No, and besides I wouldn't discuss anything personal with you." He walked away as my intercom chirped and I answered it, "Ms. Swan can you come into my office?" "Yes, Mr. Masen," I replied as I grabbed my notepad and headed for his door. I knocked softly and then opened the door, closing it behind me. "What can I do for you, Mr. Masen?" He walked over and stood in front of me. "I missed you, baby," he said as he closed the gap between us. "I saw you last night," I said with a smile. "I know, but I wish that I could wake up with you every morning." He's been wanting me to stay with him, but I've been hesitant to do so. I don't want to become that girl, even though we've been together for almost two months. "I know, and we will soon. I promise," I said as I leaned in and kissed his lips. What started out as a gentle kiss soon became heated as he lifted me up and carried me over to the couch, settling me in his lap. His kisses became more passionate as he held me tightly against his chest. "Edward," I murmured pulling back from his lips. "I know, I couldn't resist kissing you and holding you like this. You're so tempting, my sweet angel." I giggled as he kissed up towards my ear. "Newton asked me if we argued this morning, he said you were in an awful mood. He called you Mr. Grinch again. What did you do now?" I asked as I moaned softly at the feel of his lips nipping at my earlobe. "Nothing much, he made coffee again and it was the worst I've ever tasted and I may have yelled about someone being a moron." "Edward, that wasn't very nice," I admonished. "But understandable. Nothing irritates you more than horrid coffee. I could run out and get you some if you'd like." "I would love that, but only if you got yourself and Alice some." "I can do that. Anything else, Mr. Masen?" I asked with a smile. "Stay the night with me tonight? He looked like such a young boy as he asked that question, so much hope shining in his eyes as he waited for my answer. "Edward," I started but he cut me off. "Baby, we are going to my aunt and uncle's for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. It just makes more sense if you stay with me tonight." "As I was saying before you so rudely cut me off," I cocked my eyebrow at him. "I'd love to stay with you tonight." It was time to move our relationship forward, we've been together nearly two months and we are spending the holidays together. "Really?" "Yes, now let me go so I can get us coffee and you can go back to not being so grinchy," I laughed as he stood up with me still in his arms. "Edward..." "Sorry," he said as he set me down and kissed my lips. "I'll see you back here with some drinkable coffee." I nodded and headed for the door. "Thanks baby, for getting me coffee and for agreeing to stay the night." "Your welcome, Mr. Grinch. By the way thank you for my candy canes and sweet note." He smiled as I closed the door and headed to my desk to grab my purse and coat. I stepped into Alice's office and let her know I was leaving the office to get us and Edward some coffee. She told me to take my time and to pick up some donuts and bagels for everyone. I left her office and headed for the elevator. It's been nice working here without the fear of Jacob lurking around. He got fired after his behavior at Alice's Halloween party. He had to be escorted out by security as he was yelling that he was being treated unfairly and said a few remarks that made people nervous, especially Edward. So for awhile Edward would go everywhere with me, but things are better now. It was a short walk to the coffee shop and I enjoyed the coldness in the air, it was snowy but not as bad as it usually is in Chicago. I walked into the shop and ordered three coffees and some donuts and bagels. I'm sure everyone would appreciate the treats. As I waited for the coffees, I looked out the window at the people walking by. They all seemed preoccupied and in such a hurry as they walked. Sometimes people just need to slow down and look around them. Life moves pretty fast and if you don't slow down a bit, you might miss something wonderful. Once I got my order, I headed back to the office and went straight to the elevator. I knew Edward would be waiting near my desk or by the elevator. It was cute how overprotective he could be. Some would find it annoying, but I found it endearing. As I stepped off the elevator, he rushed over to me taking the coffee's from my hand as I walked toward my desk. "Thank you, I'm sorry it took long. There were a lot of people there." "You're welcome. It wasn't too long," he said as he took the cup with his name on it and took a sip. "Perfection." I smiled over at him as I opened the bag of bagels and took out a blueberry one for me. "Would you like a donut or a bagel?" "Hmm... depends on what kind you have?" "I have blueberry, cinnamon raisin and plain bagels; and I have glazed donuts or chocolate ones." "I'll have a cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese," he said as Alice came over to my desk. "Thanks Bella, this will hit the spot as she took her coffee and snagged a donut. I'll take these to the break room, if you'd like to go into Edward's office to eat," she said with a smirk. I nodded as Edward grabbed our coffee's and I picked up our food and followed behind him. "You know people are going to start talking about us, and saying that I'm not doing my job," I said as I sat down on the couch. "Let them talk, baby. If Alice is fine with it, then no one else should have a problem with it." "I guess, but you know how people talk." "I do, and it doesn't matter to me," he said as took a bite of his bagel. I know it shouldn't bother me but sometimes it does, especially Mike's comments. He doesn't know anything and he just says things to annoy me, like the Mr. Grinch comment. I sat there and ate as he talked about tonight. "Riley can take us to your house to grab your things and then we can go to my house. I'm so glad you are staying with me," he said with a smirk. I could feel my nerves kicking in, I wasn't a virgin but this is my first real relationship in long time and I don't want to mess it up. "Okay," I said as I sipped my coffee, hoping that he doesn't notice that I'm nervous about it. "It'll be fine, Bella. We don't have to rush anything, we can take our time since I'll have you for the whole weekend." "I can't hide anything from you, can I?" I asked with a smirk. "Nope," he replied as he leaned in and kissed my cheek. "I can read you pretty well, baby." "That you can, Mr. Grinch. He pulled me to him and kissed me deeply as I threaded my fingers in the back of his hair and slid my tongue against his making him moan low in his chest. I pulled away reluctantly, "I suppose I should go do some work." "I guess," he said kissing me again. "Edward, the faster this day goes the more time you have me to yourself. Besides you have a meeting in about twenty minutes." "Damn, your right. I don't think Mr. Molina would like that I'm kissing my girlfriend rather than working on his building project." "Yeah, I wouldn't think so. You can kiss me later." "I'll be doing that and more," he said as I stood up and headed for the door. "Let me know if you'll be needing anything before or during your meeting. Will you need lunch today?" "I'll let you know about lunch," he said as he went to sit at his desk. He ran his hand through his hair as he pulled out the Molina file. I loved seeing him as he concentrated on his work. I closed the door softly and walked back to my desk, feeling the eyes of my co-workers on me as I sat down. I started on some files that needed to be put into the system and Edward had me order some lunch for him after his meeting was over. Unfortunately I had to go help Alice with some paperwork and we couldn't share lunch together. I was glad that the afternoon went by pretty fast and it was finally time to go. Edward had already called Riley and told him that he was driving us to my house and then to Edward's house. I gathered my stuff and slipped on my coat as Edward came out of his office with his coat on also. "Ready to go?" he asked. "Yeah, all set," I said with a smile. He slipped his arm around my waist and we walked to the elevator. Once inside he pulled me closer to him and kissed me gently. "Have I told you how glad I am that you are staying with me?" "I think you might have mentioned it once." "I'm looking forward to spoiling you this Christmas," he said as the doors opened to the garage and he took my hand as he led me over to the car. "You already do with your sweet treats and notes, which are priceless to me." He just smiled as we stopped at the car. "Good evening Riley," Edward said with a genuine smile. "Good evening Mr. Masen and Ms. Swan," he replied as he opened the door for us. Edward helped me inside and then got in behind me as Riley shut the door and then got