A/N.. This is my submission for Fandom for Soldiers. I hope that you enjoy this little story. Special thanks to Sunflower Fran for betaing this for me. Thanks to Opal Aline, CMyBabyBlues and Jennifer Garcia for prereading for me. EPOV I woke up to any empty bed again this morning, I groaned at hearing the sound of silence all around me. I got up and looked at her side and sighed. What happened to the mornings where we didn't want to get out of bed? It seems like lately she gets up way before I do. I miss the days that I would wake up and pull her close to me and we'd kiss for hours before we actually had to get up and start our day. I fumbled my way to the bathroom and turned on the water for a shower, the smell of her shampoo and body wash still lingered. The scent of her still got to me, making my body yearn for her as I stepped under the spray. I let it run over my body as I thought back to the way we were before. There was a time that we couldn't keep our hands off each other, and we were late for many family dinners. How did we get this so far apart? I thought about it as I quickly washed. I couldn't think of when or how it happened. Maybe I no longer interest her anymore? I wonder if my kisses still turn her on? Is there someone at the office that has her attention? I needed to talk to her and see what is going on. I finished my shower, and dried off. I went back to our bedroom and got dressed in my suit for the day. I slipped on my glasses not feeling like wearing my contacts today. I grabbed my briefcase and headed down to the kitchen. Walking into the kitchen I could see her standing against the counter, her back was to me and I could tell she knew I was there by her posture. Walking up behind her I brushed my lips over the nape of her neck, "Morning baby." "Morning," she said softly as I turned her around and leaned in to kiss her. She turned her head slightly and my lips pressed against her cheek. I pulled away and looked at her, "What's wrong?" "Nothing Edward, I have a lot going on at work," she said as she walked away. I heard her shoes echoing through the house, "I'll be home late, so I'll grab dinner." "Bella, wait. We need talk tonight. Please." "Fine, I'll grab food for both of us and we can talk then." BPOV I woke up before the alarm went off and I looked at my sleeping husband next to me. I slowly ran my fingers over his cheek and he smiled as he hugged his pillow. How did we get so far apart? There were times where we couldn't be bothered to leave the bed. We'd spend every second we could wrapped up in each other, now I can't remember when we did anything other than sleep in our bed. I got up slowly without waking him and I walked into the bathroom. I turned on the water and checked the temperature as I slowly stripped out of my clothes. I looked the same as I did when we got married ten years ago. We got married right after we graduated high school, when we were both eighteen. We were so in love, and we couldn't keep our hands off each other. However, since Edward made junior associate at the firm and I took over the company, there hasn't been any time left for passion in our marriage. It seems like we are more roommates than husband and wife. I still love my husband and there's no one else who can turn me on with just a look, but there's no spark anymore. No time for being together. I'm worried that he's seeing someone at the office. Probably one of the young interns who are eager to please. Taking a good look at myself in the mirror, I feel I am still attractive. I was only twenty-seven, turning twenty-eight in September. Most of our friends were having babies now, but we were never sure if we wanted them. At first, we were planning to have one once we graduated college, but things got in the way. Now we barely take time to be together, so baby making would be a challenge since we hardly ever do more than sleep together, if that. As I step under the spray, I realize that I have used the same body wash and shampoo for years. Could it be that he is tired of the same thing and needs a change? Maybe I've become boring to Edward, and he's had to look elsewhere for more stimulating company. I really don't think he'd cheat on me, but one never knows. I finished my shower and then went to get dressed. Edward was still in our bed, his arm stretched out as if he searched for me. Once dressed, I walked downstairs to the kitchen and started the coffee. I toasted a bagel and sipped my coffee as I heard the shower running and I knew it wouldn't be long before he'd be walking into the kitchen. I turned my back to the door as I ate and waited. I could feel his presence behind me as he leaned in and said "Morning baby." He turned me to him and leaned in to kiss me; I turned my cheek to him. I knew that would make him angry, but he didn't show it. He calmly asked what was wrong and I gave him the generic answer of having a lot of work stuff on my mind. Turning to leave, I told him I would be late and would eat dinner out. He stopped me by telling me we needed to talk, so I agreed to come home early. I made my way to my office in a daze, thinking over what he could want to talk over. Is this it? Does he want to divorce me? I know I've been distant, but it doesn't mean I want out. I had a meeting to prepare for and thankfully, I knew the material very well and it wouldn't be hard to get through. Once the meeting was over one of the associates from the other company approached me and asked me to go out for a drink. I declined, but he was persistent. "Come on, one drink," he said. "No, Mr. Biers, I have a ton of work to do, besides that, I'm happily married," I replied hoping that he wouldn't see through that lie. "Okay, fine, but it was just a drink, Isabella." I despised hearing my name in that tone. I really only liked to hear Edward call me Isabella when we were alone together. He said it in such a way that made my insides flutter. I was glad to be back in my office and working. Around two o'clock Alice came in carrying a bouquet of flowers along with my lunch. "From my brother," she said as she handed me the card and placed the flowers on the desk. " Looking forward to our talk, Bella. Love you, Edward." His little notes could still make me smile, even when we haven't spoken a lot lately. Alice returned to her desk, and I was left alone with my thoughts. I turned my eyes to a picture of Edward and me on my bookshelf. It was taken at our wedding, and we looked so happy and so in love. You could see it radiating from our eyes. Do we still look like that? I sent him a quick text thanking him for the flowers and I told him I'd be home about seven-thirty. I had a few more things to do before my last meeting. I had already ordered our dinner for tonight, all I had to do was pick it up on my way home. Every time I thought about what Edward wanted to talk about it made me a bit nervous. What if this is it? What if he doesn't want to be married anymore? I tried hard to keep my thoughts on my work, but every second that ticked by got me closer to the inevitable conversation with Edward. What if I come home and there's another woman there with him? Would he do that do to me in our house? I know my thoughts were running away from me and it may be nothing. I gathered my stuff and made my way to the conference room. My stomach felt as if it were one huge knot. I sat at the head of the table. As Alice placed the booklets in front of everyone, I fiddled with my wedding ring. Normally. I'm not a nervous person at all, but having to go home and have a heart-to-heart with Edward had me on the edge. Even though he sent flowers and signed them with love, doesn't mean that all is well. We haven't been good for a while. We barely speak anymore and we definitely haven't had sex in a long time. I don't know what will come from this, and part of me was scared to death that we won't be together much longer. Everyone started filing in and I had to focus on the agenda. I presented the material and opened the meeting up for questions. Then I listened as various people debated the material, and finally it was agreed upon, and the meeting was over. Once I had everything I needed from my office, I said goodbye to Alice and headed to the elevator. I closed my eyes as it descended to the parking garage. I walked to my car, and quickly drove to the restaurant to get our dinner. I turned the radio on to distract my thoughts, but unfortunately, every song brought Edward to mind. I left it on some country channel and listened to the words of the song that was on as I pulled into the driveway of our home. I looked up at the house as the music played on. Baby, what are we becoming? It feels just like we're always running Rolling through the motions every day That definitely sounds like us, I thought to myself. The house looked huge and lonely even though Edward was home. I didn't see any other cars, so that meant he was alone. The song continued, and I listened closely. I could lean in to hold you Or act like I don't even know you Seems like you could care less either way What happened to that girl I used to know? I just want us back to the way we were before Do I turn you on at all when I kiss you baby? Does the sight of me wanting you drive you crazy? Do I have your love? Am I still enough? Tell me, don't I? Or tell me, do I, baby Give you everything that you ever wanted? Would you rather just turn away and leave me lonely? Do I just need to give up and get on with my life? Baby, do I? Remember when we didn't have nothing But a perfect simple kind of loving? Baby, those sure were the days There was a time our love ran wild and free But now I'm second-guessing everything I see! I was in tears as I listened to the words. Is this how we are now? I turned the radio off and dried my tears. I opened the door, grabbed my stuff and walked slowly to the door to face whatever he had to say. It seemed like every step I took was torture. My stomach churned and I felt ill. EPOV I heard her car pull