A/N: Hello people! This is my first attempt at a real Twilight fanfic, but I don't know how well it will go over since I'm not that into the fandom. I want you to know that I'm going to leave out parts of the canon storyline and change some of the others. Think of this as a part between New Moon and Eclipse timelines. Please enjoy. OOOOOOOOO She was running and running from something that she didn't want anymore. She had no idea how long she had been running though. All she knew was that she hadn't eaten in days, maybe even weeks, but that she couldn't stop running. Not while the thoughts of being caught and pulled back into a world that was slowly crumbling apart circled in her head. Just keep running… The words echoed in her head as she continued through the forest. They were the only things that kept her going onward. Until she found somewhere safe to stay. Until she could find a life close to what she had left behind all those miles ago. Just keep running… Her breath was labored and her body was shivering from the chill of the rain. It almost made her laugh at the thought of being cold. It hadn't been a problem since her Change, but it was back now. Because she hadn't eaten and hadn't slept for who knows how long…Her body was breaking down. Any step, she knew, could be the one that caused her trip to come to a screeching halt. Or end altogether. Just keep running… Something snapped when her foot hit the ground, getting caught in an overgrown root. She fell forward into a puddle of water, but tried to push herself back to her feet. She told herself to get back onto her feet. She took a deep breath, wrapped an arm around her stomach once she regained her upright position and scented the air again. The scent of her kind was there, getting stronger with every mile she crossed. She knew that she had to get to them and then away from them after she got the information she needed. You're getting close… Just keep running… Another unexpected root tripped her again and she heard the bones in her lower leg snap. She tried to keep herself from falling, but her wrists gave out underneath of her, snapping in the process. A low whine escaped her lips as she curled up on her side, knowing that she had to stop. She had to heal. But how could she? How could she make it in the middle of nowhere in her condition? Something primal took over her body in the panic that she was facing. She tilted her head up and looked at the hidden sky. A howl tore at her throat, raising weak and shrilly into the air and begged for something familiar to come to her. As the howl ended, taking away what remained of her voice, she wondered if anyone would have heard her. Would they come to her if they did hear her? Would they attack? The darkness was pressing in on her as she listened hard for the sound of an answer to her call. She closed her eyes against the world, her body too tired to move or produce another sound. As the darkness crept closer, she heard the sound of howls in the wind and the sounds of paws tearing through the ground. Just keep running… OOOOOOOOO A bright white light burned into her eyelids and she heard the muttering of voices for the first time in a long time. She thought she could hear them talking about her and wondering about her condition. Her eyes remained closed as she tried to gage where her body was lying with these voices so close to her. There wasn't any sign that she was in a hospital, but they bed that she was lying on felt like it belonged in one of those sterile hellholes. "How can she one of us?" a man's voice asked. "The only wolves that can kill vampires are in this area. And they are only from the tribe." One of us… "It seems that there are more out there than we thought," another male said, but she could smell the difference between the two. "Your nose is as good as mine, Sam. This girl, she's a wolf. A shape-shifter like you. And she seems to have crossed a long distance to get here." Vampire? She took a slow breath, keeping her eyes shut. Definitely a vampire. "I don't like this," the man, Sam, said to the vampire. "It goes against everything that we've been taught about my people for all this time." She heard a growl in his voice, power too. "Someone needs to explain this." "Perhaps she can," the vampire said and she felt his hand on her arm. "She's waking up. Miss, can you hear me?" Slowly, she opened her eyes and looked up at the bright light overhead. Her body was sore and wrapped up in a blanket that smelled of overly sweet flowers. A vampire's smell, she knew. She could feel the chill of the flesh touching hers and shivered involuntarily. "I – I can," she managed to rasp out from between her lips. She swiped her tongue across her lips, wincing slightly at the pain that came from the action. "I…Where am I?" "Forks, Washington," the vampire said and she noticed that his eyes weren't red like the other vampires, but were a bright amber color. He frowned and looked at her. "You were out in the woods for quite some time, considering your condition." She winced again as she shifted her position. "I'm not at a hospital…?" "No," Sam said, crossing his arms over his bare chest. "We don't normally send people like us to the hospital for humans. It helps to keep them from asking questions." Questions… She swallowed a painful lump in her throat and closed her eyes against the bright light around her. Flashes of the cold journey to this place passed before her eyes. The sounds of the world she'd left behind had come back, not fitting with the scenes but still making her shiver in pain nonetheless. "Who – who are you?" she whispered, opening her eyes again. "My name is Carlisle," the vampire said with a warm smile that she didn't expect. "And this is my friend –" The other man growled lowly. "– Sam. He and his pack were the ones who found you out in the woods." "Oh." Carlisle looked down at her. "And you are?" "Sadie," she answered. "Sadie Klark." Her tongue swiped across her bottom lip, making her wince again. "Do you – Can I have some water?" "Of course." Carlisle reached over and grabbed a small glass of water. Sadie took the glass and sniffed it cautiously. "I can assure you that it's not poisoned," Carlisle said in a light voice that bore complete sincerity. Sadie frowned at him and put the glass to her lips, wincing slightly at the feeling of it touching her dry and very cracked lips. The touch of the cold water on her tongue made her realize how thirsty she was. She gulped down the glass hungrily and held it back out the doctor vampire. "More? Please." Carlisle took the glass and set it aside. "You should take things slowly, Miss Klark. You've been without food and water for a while now. Your system needs to adjust to the return of both." A soft sound hummed in her throat, but she let it go for now. "I feel like I could drink an ocean," she said, readjusting her position slightly. "And eat a herd of antelope…" Her eyes turned onto Sam. "You found me?" "My pack did," Sam said, still crossing his arms as he looked at her. "Where is your pack?" "I don't have one. Not anymore. They're all gone now." Sadie swiped her tongue over her cracked lips again. "A really, really bad vampire attack on our pack happened and we scattered in all directions." She heard a soft buzzing in her head and closed her eyes for a moment, trying to figure out what the sound was coming from. There was a familiar quality to and she tried to understand why it was that way. Opening her eyes, she tried to hold the gaze of the wolf across from her and found that it was hard to do so for more than a few heartbeats at a time. "You're a pack leader," Sadie stated. "Yes." Sadie glanced towards the only door to the room. "Great." She ran her fingers through her hair. "So, I'm in Forks? Is there a good motel around here that would let me stay for a while until I can find somewhere to really stay?" Her eyes fluttered over in Sam's direction again. "I'm not keen on staying near your pack or becoming part of it. Sorry." Sam didn't look pleased with her words. "You can't go off into town on your own in your condition. And you could use some guidance in your wolf-hood. At sixteen years old, you –" "How do you know how old I am?" Sadie demanded, narrowing her eyes at him. The vampire doctor pressed a reassuring hand on her arm and smiled softly. "You were carrying a backpack when you were found. It had your ID, some documents, and a small array of clothes in it. My wife is washing the clothes for you right now." "Oh…" Carlisle put a little pressure on her arm and said, "You could stay with my family for as long as you want. We have plenty of room and I know that my wife would love to entertain another houseguest." His kind eyes turned towards Sam when the wolf leader made a small noise. "It would keep you close to those who can help you, should the need arise. Of course, you may not want to stay in a house full of vampires –" "I can stay," Sadie cut across him. "I mean, I haven't got a problem with staying with vampires. I just – I just don't want to impose." "You don't have to worry about that. Your presence will not doubt be a pleasure to have in my home." His smile was very warm. "And we will finally be able to use the kitchen for more than one person." Sadie didn't know what he meant when he said that, but brushed it off as useless information. She squirmed out from underneath the blanket that had been draped over her and saw, to her horror, that she was merely dressed in a pair of booty shorts and a sports bra – neither of which she had ever seen before. Her hand instinctively reached for the blanket again and held it against her chest. "Who changed my clothes?" she demanded in a low voice, almost afraid of the answer. Carlisle held his hands up. "My wife and my daughter changed your clothes," he explained. "Everything you had on was torn up and completely soaked. I thought it was best to get you into something that wouldn't hinder your recovery time." He gestured towards a door that Sadie hadn't noticed before. "There are more clothes in that room for you to put on, so you don't feel so exposed, Miss Klark." Sadie wrapped the blanket around her as she climbed to her feet. "Thank you, Carlisle," she muttered, meeting his eyes for just a brief moment. She didn't miss the evil look that Sam sent in the vampire's direction, but made no comment. There would be a small argument between the two, she knew, and it wouldn't be within her ears. That was fine with her; the thought of hearing a vampire and another wolf fighting over custody of her wasn't one that she wanted to dwell on. Stepping through the door