Eomer rarely smiled after the war. Sure he had always been a bit gruff, he had lived and breathed the life of a soldier so long that it was all he knew. The war just amplified what a difficult childhood and years as marshal had created. There was little room for refinement in the bloody art that he had perfected and what little joys he had were often superseded by the new responsibility placed upon him. Being the King of Rohan was harder than he thought it would be. It was a position that he was never intended to have and required skills that he was never trained to attain. He was coping, if that were the right word. The people did not seem to mind their new warrior king but that did not mean he didn't feel out of place. It was supposed to be Theodred….. It was hard to escape the feeling that he was trying and failing to fill much bigger shoes. He had spent his life preparing for another path. The fields were his domain. He was much more at home atop a horse than in the middle of a council. Rebuilding the country he loved after what Saruman had done was not easy by any stretch of the imagination. It also took its toll on his already stretched out heart. First Theoden had died and now Eowyn left for Ithilien and her new husband. He could not do this on his own… it was never meant to be him. He was determined but determination was not always enough. He lacked the experience that his forebears had. He loved this land, grew up loving it, had planned to die defending it but now he had to fix it… Fighting a thousand orcs single handed was a far less frightening ordeal than being expected to repair a people left in poverty and ruin. He had intended that job for another. Had spent long hours toiling away for the safety of his kin and secretly in his heart he had planned his death in their place. Not that war could be planned.. but he had known should the ability be his he would have made it so that he be buried and those more qualified than he be there to repair the damage left behind…. But the land would never be the same again. He loved it still but much and many had perished and he knew not how to make it better. He saw children without fathers, mothers without sons, wives without husbands. He saw men without the means to support their families because they no longer had the limbs required to fulfill their duties and do their work. They were starving and homeless. So he switched off. Probably not the best thing to do but he was a man and no one expected him to feel.. well, anything. So nobody noticed when he withdrew into himself. He could help his people much better if he was not crippled by their pain. If he could think around their suffering rather than the distorted vision of seeing though it. Nobody except Eowyn saw the changes and even she was too busy getting ready for her impending wedding to the steward of Gondor to really do anything about it and she was gone before the situation grew into a concern. After she left, he no longer had a family to speak of so he gave himself wholly to his country. Which was wonderful for their people but for Eomer it was not. He had nothing but his people so for his people he lived, despite having always been this way it was different. He was made for the outdoors, a soldiers life but being king while giving him certain privileges did not allow him liberty. The freedom of all the things that he had once enjoyed were no longer his. They were not the occupation of a king and when it was possible for him to ride out as he once did it was to a neighboring village that needed food and with a fully armed escort. In short it was killing him. Eothain was the first to notice his declining health, how he would hardly eat, how he no longer stayed in the great hall with the men when they came in from patrols. In fact he hardly spoke outside of council meetings where it was impressed upon him not to have a life lest he die and Rohan was left without an heir. He tried to help Eomer as much as he could but no matter what he tried he could not coax the king back to life. What few things he believed would work were now prohibited as king and his advisors kept a watchful eye on all that he did. He was not Theoden but to them it made no difference. And then yet another issue came to light. The people of Rohan did not have enough food to last the winter. Eomer was devastated. Hours of hard work, long nights spent agonizing over what he could not change and still it wasn't enough. His country was struggling like a foal taking its first steps, it would survive if only it was given the chance to walk but it seemed that chance had been taken away. He tried everything, took a stock of all the food, estimated rations, even considered what little food Rohans treasury could buy. But no matter what he factored in or how much they sold there was so little worth in what was left of his country that there was never enough. In all of his made up eventualities the peoples suffering is prolonged and death comes before the first harvest. He was desperate. Then one of his less than brilliant (and slightly cruel) advisors suggested that he marry. And marry well. A large dowry would help fill their coffers and keep the country afloat another season, supposing that he married someone of importance then the connection would also be of great political value and the veritable icing on the cake, he needed an heir. Everyone immediately understood that a Gondorian on the throne would strengthen the ties to Gondor and cement a lasting friendship between the two countries. They were already discussing candidates for the great honor before he had even agreed. He knew he would though. He had little choice, his people were going to die and already it was plain that he needed to continue his line for Eowyn had her own fiefdom to continue. Eomer agreed and shortly after messages were sent to King Elesser for his opinion on a suitable wife and queen. Aragorn was swift to reply with a list of the most eligible women in Gondor that would make acceptable political alliances and had enough worth to keep them afloat. Needless to say the list was short. Eomer's advisors stewed over the possibilities for a week, only two of the listed ladies had enough wealth to stretch the winter and as far as he saw neither was particularly appealing. He supposed though that his council did not care. They were old men from king Theodens time who fancied themselves to have complete rule over the country and that he was their puppet. They did not require him to be happy while he served. Before they could decide however Eomer received another letter but this time from Prince Imrahil of Dol Amroth. They had fought in the war together and became good friends in a way that only happens with comrades in arms. He had heard of his search and wished to help his young friend with a more agreeable solution and one that would help his country a great deal more. So when Imrahil suggested his daughter, princess Lothiriel would make an excellent queen, he agreed without much thought, not even allowing his advisors to have input on the matter. Imrahil had yet to deceive him and he trusted his judgement. Within a month everything was settled and the princess's dowry was sent ahead of her to Meduseld. Eomer's people would now survive the winter and have a new queen in the spring. Lothiriel knew that she wouldn't have a choice in who she married. Gondor's traditions made certain of that the minute she was born into a noble family. But she had been extremely lucky, her father would not marry her off without her consent so she had remained unmarried far longer than the average young woman. She was 21 and by Gondor's standards she was an old maid. She however did not mind at all. It was not that she wished to remain single, only that she did not wish to marry a stuffy member of the kings court and as one of the only princesses in Gondor (the only unmarried one) that was sure to be her fate. So when her father mentioned that Eomer King of Rohan had begun to search for a wife for a political alliance she understood immediately what her father wished. He had spoken often of him after the war. He was apparently everything that a man should be, capable on a horse, more than able to wield a sword and a useful ally. She had heard much about his prowess in battle and little about the man himself though she supposed he would be quite frightening if everything her brothers said was true. She had been uncertain at first having never met the man, having only seen him once, briefly at his sister's wedding and at the time he had seemed rather stern and antisocial. Not to mention terribly large and more than a little fierce. But when her father spoke of his situation, the current circumstance of his country, when she heard the reasons behind it, what the man was giving, why he needed her help, she couldn't bring herself to say no. She told her father to write his letter, to make the offer. For surely her money would be better spent in this new place than to line the pockets of some already rich lord. She would finally be of more use than a mere ornament. The reply was swift, his acceptance unsurprising. So now she was preparing to be married to man she had never met and become the queen of a country she had never seen. She knew it should upset her but it didn't... none of it did. She should feel used but she didn't, in fact the more she learned of the situation the more she thought that the people of Rohan were using their king. Out of all the things that she thought were unjust in the whole situation that was all. She was filled with compassion for Eomer because he was doing everything for his people with little thought for himself. Yes, he was their king and he had a duty to his people but sometimes they asked too much, but he went along anyway just so he could help them. He was devoted and for that he had her respect and whatever help that she could offer him at his side. They met the day before they married and it was stilted and awkward but went as well as could be expected under the circumstances. He was polite and she was friendly, so all in all not a terrible start. Just not quite perfect. He was tall and broad and golden like the hall in which he resided. He spoke very little, allowed the pomp and ceremony of receiving guests to the Golden Hall to continue uninterrupted. Showed no emotion until the point he was finally allowed to speak freely with her father and brothers and even that was reserved and controlled by the council members who though it better to keep their king in line while they had so many highborn visitors. Even king Elesser was in attendance which she supposed was very fitting