"Aillie, dear, could you hand me my travel notebook?" An old gentleman asked. It was a late afternoon and Mr and Mrs Burke were just about to set out on a journey to London. There wasn't anything strange about that, they did so very often. They usually returned after two or three days and continued to run their small family hotel. And their daughter Ailish looked after the hotel for them in the meantime. Ailish was a young brunette woman in her twenties. Her skin was pale and her hair was of shoulder length, slightly vawy. She had pink, full heart-shaped lips and was average-sized in all proportions, or, rather, you could say she was a bit smaller and slimmer than all the other girls of her age. She rarely smiled, and was always very modest and quiet. But her parents loved her, and knew that she was in fact a kind and sensitive girl. The strangest thing about Ailish were her eyes, which were fluorescent pale torquoise – well, that wouldn't be anything unusual, human eyes come in many different colours – the unusual thing was that she could stare at people for a long time without winking. Together with her usual manner that she scarcely smiled, she looked like a cat that is staring at its pray with a fixed look. She wasn't the best student in her house when she was at Hogwarts, but she was one of the bravest girls there. She was in Slytherin, although she was very, very kind – but you wouldn't say so due to the way she looked at you, but really, she was the kindest girl in her year. She was exactly the type of student that quietly does what she's told. However, she was not as popular as the others, mainly because she never took pleasure in practising the Dark Arts, and partly because she never showed emotion. The Slytherin students disliked her for her unbiasness and for her willingness to mate with other houses, but the other houses disliked her for being a Slytherin. She managed to flow through the school with good grades, although she didn't study much. She dedicated her study sessions in the library only to the subjects that interested her (mainly Transfiguration and Charms). She dreamed of working for the Gringotts, however, her fate had a different scenario in store for her. After graduating from Hogwarts, she had to help her parents run the family hotel and hasn't seen a sparkling of her dream becoming true since. How strange of me to think of those long gone days, she thought as she was sitting down behind the receptionist desk and opened the guest drawer to have it ready for immediate use. Their hotel was lovely. It was a small hidden hotel for wizards right at the centre of Dublin, located at the main street where wizards could go shopping. The street wasn't as good and as famous as Diagon Alley, but still, when you needed a piece of parchment or a robe, there was a place to go. The name of the hotel resembled the name of the family, Burke's Hotel. It had three floors, but the house was rather narrow and tall, so there were actually only twelve rooms to be used by guests. Then Ailishh had one, her parents had one and Mrs. Pearce had one – Mrs. Pearce was a lovely elderly housekeeper who worked with the family as a cleaning maid and a cook. When her parents were present, they took turns in managing all the task and sometimes, Ailish was even needed to do the cleaning and cooking. But she was a good girl, God bless her, so she never complained about anything. "Good evening, Miss Ailish, are your parents travelling again?" Asked Mr Touchett who was smiling at her from across the receptionist's counter, having his top hat perched on his head as always. Mr Touchett was a lovely man, working at the Ministry and travelling a lot. He was very fond of the Burke's Hotel, he and his wife stayed there very often. "They are, Mr Touchett," Ailish smiled a bit and looked up from her records she was writing. This was her way of expressing politely that she was listening. "Is that a new blouse you're wearing?" Mr Touchett asked with a flirtitious wink, and only himself and Ailish knew he didn't mean any harm. He and Mrs Touchett were happily married for more than thirty-five years. Unfortunately, they were childless. "No, thank ye, it's old, I've just stiffened it." Ailish gave a weak smile again. "Henry, are you making Miss Ailish uncomfortable again? I told you to stop it at once!" Mrs Touchett called from the top of the staircase. Then her eyes met Ailish's and the young receptionist could see that the corners of Mrs Touchett's mouth were twitching. They all knew this was a game, and the old wizards and Ailish together took great plasure in playing it. Mr Touchett gave Ailish the key of their room and was off with his wife. Ailish put it onto the beautiful ebony hanger behind her and sat at her desk with her lamp illuminating the paperwork she was doing for her father, her face expressionless, her clothes always neat, her attire always smart. The guests thought she didn't wear anything else than blouses, skirts and dresses. They haven't seen her wearing anything different. She always had a bit of rouge on her cheeks and her wavy hair tied into a tiny ponytail. She didn't use much makeup otherwise. Ailish was a very modest girl, she was happy with what she had. But she worked really hard that day. "Get her, Amy!" Swish! A spell just missed Ailish's ear as she was running through the corridors. Three Gryffindor girls went after her, determined to have their go. Ailish was sensitive and couldn't defend herself. She hid in a cubicle at the girls' bathroom and hoped with bated breath that they won't find her. But the girls bursted all doors open and as soon as they discovered Ailish's hiding place, they started to beat her with their fists and to kick her with their feet. They often gave her such beating. Ailish shut her eyes and hid her face in her hands. She was so ashamed of herself. She hoped this would be over soon. Suddenly, she could feel the girls stopping the beating, quick steps sounding on the tile floor and a strong hand pulled her from under them. "Miss Ailish, wake up! You've fallen asleep at your bookkeeping again, haven't you?" This was Mrs Pearce's voice waking Ailish up back to reality. "Look at the time! God gracious, you should go to bed immediately!" "Thank ye, Mrs Pearce," Ailish sat straight at her chair and after realizing she was dreaming she got to her feet, turned off the lamp and went to bed. "How could you let this happen?!" He shouted at her. She stood in his office and looked at her feet, covered in bruises and wet with tears. "Tell me, what made you hide the consistent maltreatment the other classmates effected on you to that extent that I had to interfere myself? What a loatheful moment!" His face was crooked in disgust as he recalled himself having to enter the girls' bathroom to rescue her. "I don't know, Sir…" She squeaked. "I was afraid–" "You're dim and cock-handed, you have no sense of pride to your own house. You have no brains to be in Slytherin whatsoever." Professor Snape snapped and was rummaging through his cupboard behind his desk, standing with his back towards her. "I-I'm so sorry, Sir!" She squeaked and tears were pouring down from her eyes. He turned towards her and despite the tears, she could see his expression being far less angry than his voice seemed. "This will help you." He said and giving her a small bottle containing a red liquid. "Sir?" She whispered. "Draft of Peace, Dim-Witted." He growled. The following day was all grey and foggy. The usual routine began: Mrs Pearce was making breakfast, guests were checking out, Mrs Pearce was cooking lunch and cleaning the rooms, Ailish sat in the reception and gave advice and maps of Dublin to newcomers. Then Mrs Pearce cleaned the corridors and the reception bathrooms and Ailish checked in the last arriving guests. In the evening she sat down to bookkeeping again, using this opportunity to finish what she promised her father to do. She swore she would not fall asleep this time. She didn't know why she was dreaming of Hogwarts so much. She was out of the school for about five years. She was a grown up girl, yet she had some bad memories connected to that place that were still swirming in her like worms. She was bringing a potion sample to the teacher's desk. As she was extending her hand and placing the flask on the table, a thin fingers snapped her hand. "What's this?" Hissed Professor Snape and his eyes narrowed spitefully. "I-I just touched the hot cauldron." Ailish said and gave a weak smile. "You're a lubber." She could hear him hissing, "I wouldn't be surprised if they were after you again." Someone burst the front door half open. Ailish jerked and spilled her ink bottle all over her desk. She fell asleep at her desk. Two hooded characters walked into the lobby with loud thudding steps. They stood facing her and she realised the shocking truth. They were Death Eaters. She even didn't have her wand ready, one simple accio was enough for the front man to hold it in his hands. The second man pointed his wand at her and the first said in a harsh voice: "Get up!" Her pretty eyes popped out, she slowly did as they asked her and stood up. She didn't make a sound, she just stared. Then the same voice said to his companion: "Search her. I'll go through the desk." The second man grasped her hand firmly and pulled her aside from the reception desk. Ailish was completely silent. No one of the whole house had any idea of what was going on at the reception. Everybody was asleep. But, strangely, Ailish wasn't thinking of crying, or shouting. Actually, the contempt she experienced at Hogwarts from Professor Snape made her stronger. She was determined never to cry, she wanted to be strong as he was – or it had seemed so when she was at school. She just stared at the two men, accusing them silently with her turquoise eyes. She was prepared to face this all alone. She would endure it for her father and mother, who certainly didn't wish a scandal happening in their hotel. She hoped they would just get some money from the desk, some jewelry she wore and leave. But, the other Death Eater didn't take her silver necklace nor her earrings. His wand pointed at her chest, he was slowly moving it to her waist and to the rim of her pencil skirt to check any hidden pockets or things she could possibly use to distract them or defend herself. But there was nothing. "Cuff her, for God's sake, or else she'll run away!" "Don't give orders, Dolohov, not to me." Snapped the one standing next to her. "She's standing right next to me, you fool, what do you suppose she could do?" Her eyes were open wide. She knew that voice. This changed everything. She began panicking in her head. Because this wasn't something that would be over. This was something that concerned her personally. This involved her and had to do a lot with who she was. To whom she owed whom she was. Also, the facial mask of the first Death Eater vanished since the second Death Eater said his name aloud. Upon not finding anything else than books, notebooks and a few galleons, Dolohov