There was an old man going up a steep hill. It was windy that day, and cloudy, however, the old man did not seem to have any objection, he seemed almost as if he went there for a peaceful calming stroll. His long simple robe was streaming in the wind, as well as his long hair and beard, silver as the moon. The wind grew even stronger, but the man didn't cease walking. As he went, a grassland appeared before him. It wasn't still the top of the hill, yet he knew he was already in the mountains. " ... They are to be found in the highlands, far from the common settlement of either muggles or wizards. Skillfull as they are, the tribes possess the powers over the nature in all its width and depth; they are the rulers of the fairies, the pacifiers of the wild spirits, the kings and queens of magic so far unknown to witches and wizards. What do you say, Minerva?" The elderly witch seemed worried: "Sounds as if you were planning to chase Jupiter himself in the dark caves of England!" " And you, Severus?" " Headmaster, although I have no doubts about your brilliant genius and your truly remarkable abilities, wouldn't it be wiser to focus on some more... Real aims?" " It definitely would," Dumbledore nodded and walked through his office to a glass showcase. "But I can't help to be worried. Last year the incident with Quirrell, the diary of Tom Riddle this year. . ." He picked up a very damaged notebook from the vitrine and held it in his hands, as if he were musing on the seriousness of the current events. "Strange things keep occurring since Harry Potter entered the schoolyards and my intuition tells me the more terrible things are yet to come. Obviously, the security of the school is not enough." " If I may interfere, Headmaster, this is not the problem of security." Said Snape, prolonging every syllable of his sentence. "Potter is like a sack of fleas, one giant magnet for problems." He bitterly spat out the end of the sentence. " What do you want to do, Albus?" Minerva spoke softly. " I hope to see the true core of the legend." Said the old man resolutely, ignoring Snape who seemed as coldly annoyed as ever. "I sincerely hope to observe their powers, if I find them, and I try to figure out how to incorporate them into the campus' security. Some extra magic would always come handy, wouldn't it?" He smirked, put on his cloak and vanished. " This is not the main point," growled Severus, "the best solution would be indeed not to employ a werewolf and to confiscate Potter's wand for good." "What is it what we have here!" There was a shout and a rustle of leaves. Albus Dumbledore realised he's been lost in his own thoughts, as it happens when there is much to think of and you are old. In front of him, there was a wild-looking redhead woman glowering at him with a long knife in her hands, its edge pointing directly at him. "Speak yourself, old man, or 'twill be your blood covering this knife very soon!" She cried. He was watching her in amazement, astonished. They truly existed! He didn't actually think of what would he tell them, he was expecting to find rather a piece of evidence which would suggest how the spiritual tribe performed their magic. He could examine it in his study and improve the security of the castle this way. He wasn't prepared. He didn't know what to say. The redhead woman threateningly stepped forward and raised her hand with the dagger. "Eimear! Stop it, you silly fool!" A shriek came out and with the blow of the wind, another woman appeared, grabbing the hand of the attacker and causing her to be immobile; she was also redhead and dressed up in similar style as the first one, a simple emerald dress with many pendants hanging upon her neck and wrists. Both of them were barefoot. However, the second woman looked far less bloodthirsty than Eimear. "'Tis none of your business, Shin!" Shrieked Eimear and swung at Shin with the other daggerless hand. Shin grabbed Eimear's hand also, so now the to savage-looking women were wrestling together. Dumbledore watched, still amazed. He smiled a little. Now he would be about to witness the true character of the people. "Let me go!" "I tell father... What you did–!" "You grass– How dare you command me!" That was obviously enough for Shin. She punched Eimear into her stomach and stroke her arm back, as if she was pulling an invisible thread. The wind gusted harshly, thrusting Eimear to a giant trunk of a tree. Shin clenched her fist and the tree trunk wiggled. It split into thinner parts which blocked Eimear's fists so she was unable to move. "You shall not... ever... forget who is the eldest daughter of the tribe!" Growled Shin and slowly turned away, "our dear friend shall be so kind and hold you till your spirit comes down." Your spirit comes down? Wondered Dumbledore who was slowly getting up on his feet, the blow was so harsh that it struck him too and made him to fall on the ground. "You mustn't think of us badly, old man," the woman was speaking to him now. Her voice consumed him. It was so warm, like an Indian Summer sun. Like a fire in the night. Like an open arms of a chubby housewife. So warm and welcoming. "My sister sometimes loses her spirit and is very inhospitable. What can I do for ye?" "Thank you for your kind words, madam," he said, thinking about what to say next, his face wearing a soft smile, "my name is Albus Dumbledore." "Nice to meet you, Albus Dumbledore, I am Sinéad, the daughter of Aengus, the son of Páidin himself." She replied and bowed slightly, expressing her respect and courtesy. "I came here to meet your people, Sinéad," Dumbledore his sky-blue eyes upon her green ones. He felt secure again. They began walking towards a small settlement of tents, which appeared a little bit dingy. A smoke was coming out from a fire and loud human voices were coming towards their direction. "A very strange intention indeed!" She cried and stopped, turning towards him her full attention and her eyes flashing in mistrust. "What faith do you mean?" She probably asks me what do I mean by that , he thought. He knew he would have to be careful with those savages, but for some inexplicable reason to him he knew he has to put all his eggs into his basket. "You see, Sinéad, there are many kinds of people in this world." He began slowly. "There are you, and also the other people. (Muggles, he meant.) Did you meet the other people?" Her eyebrows crinkled: "You mean the Pork-heads?" His eyebrows raised: "The Pork-heads?" "We know that they live in better and more fertile places of the world," she spoke slowly and watched him carefully, "they breed animals for their own pleasure, they kill them. They eat meat four times a day. They are using one another for bad things and are never kind to themselves. The Pork-heads." Pork-heads, he smirked in amusement, what a funny name... "Yes, there are you, the Pork-heads, but at the outside world of Pork-heads, there is the secret world of ours. We do magic, as you did a while ago." He smiled at her, encouragingly. She did not seem surprised. "I've visited the world of the Pork-heads several times, when my father didn't know. He would never let me. But I know them, and I know what they do. And I've always considered it bad what they did. When they see us, they call us names. They call us dirty and beggars. They say we are animals. We say they are worse than that. What do they say about you?" "They don't know about us," Dumbledore smiled and pulled out his wand. "We used wands to do our magic." He waved his wand and a bouquet of flowers appeared in the woman's hands. She suddenly started wailing and crying. "You killed them! They were such a wonderful living mates, and you killed them!" Ouch. He forgot these people were living in such a sync with nature. He tried to save the situation. He let the bouquet disappear. "They were not real flowers. They were... Created. Out of nothing. No harm was done to any living creature. Don't worry." She calmed down and he continued. "We live separated from the ordinary people and we live in our own world of magic. What isn't there may happen, nothing is impossible. What you say about that?" "'Tis impressive if it's true," she nodded in acknowledgement when walking, "why you came to here then?" "I want to know how different is your world from ours. What can we learn from you. How can we be better and how to face the evil in the world." "An honorable thought indeed, old man," she wondered and smiled dreamily, "why won't you stay for supper with us?" "I would be delighted to," Albus Dumbledore smiled and gently touched his chest where his heart was. "Just agree with anything I say to introduce you, old man," she declared when the settlement was only a stone's throw away, "they trust me in everything. I am the chief warrior's daughter, you see. But there is one thing you must understand." She turned towards him. "Our people do not usually like the other people. They are barbarians and cruel creatures. We keep aside in the mountains where no one can have any objections. My father forbade me and my sisters and brothers to ever go there, but indeed we went! There is one thing you must never do with your children, you know" she said, "if you don't want them to do something, you must never forbid them to do so, because children are anything but obedient. Never trust children, they are wicked little bantams." Dumbledore laughed and the silhouettes completed walking in the dark-growing sky. "How was your mountain holiday then?" Asked Snape bitterly and he didn't even try to hide the sarcasm in his voice. "I see you probably enjoyed yourself so much that you even forgot to mention we would be expecting the werewolf quite soon!" "Severus, I share your joy of meeting an old friend of yours, however, there is something I would like to discuss in the evening at the Great Hall, if you would so kindly join us." Dumbledore smiled calmly as he took off his travel cloak. On that account, the tall potion master turned swiftly around and with his black frock streaming behind, he left the headmaster's office. He was pacing quickly and was glowering to every direction as usual. He passed through some dark corridors of the castle and was just about to turn the corner, when– A reflection of red hair went across the corridor in front of him. He gazed, stunned. No. He made some quick steps in that direction. However, as soon as he did so, the light steps in front of him quickened as well. It wasn't possible. True he was thinking about her too much lately, but the dead can never come to life. Or can they? Was Dumbledore right? Is there really any other form of magic than theirs? ...or – is he mad? "Stop right now!" He shouted and began to run. It couldn't be any student for it was the time of summer holidays, and no staff had long ginger hair... He wished to see her so much again he might actually start imagining things? It has been twelve years... The green garment just turned another corner. He jumped quickly and grabbed her hand. "Lily!" He shouted, his