Summary: "It was always a phone call. All it always took was just one phone call for Edward's face to change. Happiness, laughter, frustration, or any emotion all wiped away to be replaced by his Jasper expression." A look at Jasper and Edward's relationship from Bella's eyes. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters; Stephanie Meyers does. The plot of this story is heavily inspired by and modeled after "Something about Jenny" by SpanishLullabies with some major changes. I just thought that Jasper and Edward were better people for this plot line. This story is dedicated to Debbie for her encouragement and lovely help. She rocks this world like a million tiny stars. Love, Stormy Bella Something about Jasper It was always a phone call. No matter what they were doing, where they were, or what time of day it was, all it always took was just one phone call for Edward's face to change. And in the time they'd been dating, she learned to expect disappointment every time that phone call came. Happiness, laughter, frustration, or any emotion all wiped away to be replaced by his Jasper expression. Whatever they were talking about, whatever emotions she was able to wrench from his reserved self was instantly replaced by that crinkle between his brows and downward pull of the corners of his mouth. It was a sort of worried relief-worried about what sort of trouble Jasper was in, and relief that Jasper had called-that would always steal her boyfriend from her whenever Jasper phoned. She could never understand why Edward always felt the need drop everything he was doing to rescue the blonde man. Edward was sweet, handsome, and well on his way to one of the most prestigious medical schools in the country. Jasper was a lying, manipulative bastard with the penchant for fucking everything on two legs. Edward spent his time reading books, playing the piano, or volunteering at the orphanage three blocks from his house. Jasper spent half his time drunk or high, and the other half hungover-at least until he could get drunk again. Bella asked Edward once, in a coffee shop, watching as he hung up his phone, getting ready to run to wherever Jasper was. She remembers feeling angry when she realized that she would be left alone again-in the middle of a serious discussion, no less-so Edward could tend to Jasper. "What's so special about Jasper?" She had asked. Edward was stunned by her question and she was stunned by the hostility in her voice. She quickly offered a smile because she really liked Edward, and their relationship was tentative and new (only a few months in), and Jasper was Edward's best friend, and really she had only met Jasper twice before and therefore she shouldn't judge him. Edward just looked at her, adorably confused, as if he'd never considered this before. As if why Jasper was special was never a question-Jasper just was. After a while, all Edward could come up was, "I don't know. There's just something about Jasper." Then he apologized quickly, and after promising that he'd call her that night, he never looked back as he walked to his car, pulled away, and sped to whatever ditch Jasper was lying in-no doubt drunk or high. If he had looked back, he would have seen Bella smiling after him, and trying to keep smiling, until her smile was replaced with a disturbed expression on the heart-shaped face. There was something unnerving about what Edward said-and more so, the gentleness in which he said it-that made her uneasy and she couldn't figure out why. If Bella was as wise then as she is now, she would have realized that she felt uneasy because even then she knew-in the deepest recess of her subconscious- that certain something about Jasper would always be able to steal her boyfriend away. Edward asked Bella out near the end of their semester, on a wonderful, breezy day that signalled the coming of summer. They'd taken one class together that semester when they first met, and he was walking her back to her dorm when he asked if she'd want to have dinner with him. Bella was ecstatic. The truth was, she had been silently crushing on him since he introduced himself that first day of class as he settled in the chair next to her. They worked on a project together, and she found herself more and more enamored with his smarts and his wit as time passed. Bella, being the kind of girl she was, would never have the guts to ask any guy out-especially one who looked like Edward. But Edward, being the kind of guy that he was, made even a girl like Bella think about asking him out. She even played out different scenarios in her head of how she would go about asking him out so she'd get at least one date before the semester was over. Thankfully, he asked her first. It was in that restaurant, under the dimly lit overhead light and between the easy Jazz, that Edward admitted shyly-scratching his jaw nervously-that he had to work up his courage for three months (that is, for nearly as long as they had known each other) to ask her out. Bella had smiled (inwardly, of course) because she thought it was adorable. So she was surprised that after he answered the call that interrupted their conversation, Edward frantically apologized to her before asking her if he could make it up to her for leaving early on their first date. It was just that his best friend needed help and he had to go right away. That was the first time she heard Jasper's name. She told him it was okay, that they could definitely have a second date, and he should see to his friend. She even thought, with a mixture of twisted pride and young naivete, her date was the kind of guy that was loyal and would sacrifice his personal interest to rescue his friends. She just found it a bit odd, because there was something in the way three months worth of courage could not compete with a single phone call from Jasper. Bella first met Jasper at a party hosted by one of Edward's closest friends, Emmett. Emmett and Rose were a beautiful on-and-off couple, and Bella found them both easy to be friends with, though in different ways. Emmett, despite his size, was jovial and incredibly easygoing (the only times she'd ever seen him mad was when somebody has the balls to offend Rose). Rose was sharper than a knife with the sort of blunt honesty that was refreshing, and Bella found that she could only earn Rose's respect and friendship by being honest right back (which was hard to do because the girl looked like a Victoria's Secret model and wanted to design race cars for a living). Alice-Edward's sister-was a curious mix of bouncy prep and sarcastic sass that Bella had no idea how to deal with. She got the same searing green eyes as her brother, and an almost-same shade of copper brown in her cropped-short hair (though hers was definitely duller in an unnatural way). Her figure was rather boyish was well, so much that she and Edward could easily be mistaken as twins. Bella knew who Jasper was before he even introduced himself, just by the way Edward's face lit up as her boyfriend's eyes traced the steps of a tall blonde that parted the crowd as if he owned them. Jasper had easy eyes with lids that draped lazily over an impossible blue, as if he knew that nobody could stand a chance against him if he opened them fully, and a pretty mouth that spread into a crooked smirk as if he knew all sorts of secrets. Jasper had soft (she thought) playboy curls just past his neck that he tucked haphazardly behind his ears in a way that suggested he just rolled out of bed. Someone else's bed. The thing was, Jasper didn't even notice Bella was there. His eyes were trained solely on Edward, and it wasn't even until Edward introduced her that Jasper, with startled realization, knew Bella even existed. The look in Jasper's eyes when Edward introduced her as his girlfriend made her stomach twist. It was predatory. Jasper clapped Edward's shoulder and made some joke about how Edward finally landed himself a babe, but all Bella could think about was Jasper's hand was less on Edward's shoulder and more on the nape of his neck. She couldn't help but wonder if the blush on Edward's cheeks was less because of the comments and more because of that hand. Jasper proceeded to get drunker and drunker that evening, flirting with everything that would flirt back (and they all would, because Jasper looked like Jasper and talked like Jasper and made lazy eyes the way only Jasper could). At the end of the night, Bella accidentally caught Jasper and Alice making out at the end of the hallway, hands possessively buried in her almost-copper hair, hips grinding aggressively against her. Before he drunkenly pushed her inside the room by nuzzling her neck, Alice caught Bella's stare. And the brunette's heart stopped, because there was something in the way Alice-with her almost-copper hair and searing green eyes-looked just like Edward that made Bella think there was something Alice knew about Jasper that Bella didn't. She thought they had a connection. She'd like to think it was because Edward could tell her anything about his-Bella was starting to find out-increasingly complex life and she would never judge him for it. Edward trusted her, she knew that much, and he appreciated the way she absorbed his thoughts. He worried about getting to medical school, not because he doubted he could get into Harvard or John Hopkins but because he craved playing the piano more than he craved being a doctor like his father. He worried about Alice and her rebellious personality and her need to look like him and do things he liked to do-like playing the piano-but he liked that she wanted to spend time with him more (Bella couldn't tell him that perhaps it had less to do with him and more to do with his blonde best friend). He worried that Emmett and Rose's on-again-off-again relationship might tear their group apart. Bella liked to think their connection is a solid one, and getting better everyday. She liked to think it was significant the way she was getting to know Edward more and more, not just about what he liked to eat on Sunday mornings but also what he was thinking about when his brows furrowed this way and that. She knew she was wrong when she saw them together. She came over one Sunday morning because her exam week was over and she wanted to spend the day with her boyfriend. But when Edward opened the door to his house and Jasper peered his head passed Edward's shoulder holding a stack of pancakes, she knew even though Edward was her boyfriend she was the intruder. There was nothing they were doing that wasn't absolutely innocent. They weren't holding hands or kissing or even giving any indication that anything other than friendship was between them. There was nothing except for the lingering looks Edward gave Jasper when the blonde's head was turned away. There was nothing except the way Jasper nudged Edward playfully, eyes trained on her boyfriend's profile full of something she couldn't identify and really didn't want to. There was nothing in the way they laughed or talked that even hinted at something more, but a crooked smirk on Jasper's part - or a shy laugh on Edward's - that made the connection she'd thought was so significant pale in comparison to whatever Edward had with Jasper. Because she realized that was something she would never have with Edward. "We were gonna watch this boring