Hello friends! This is Stormy here with my new story. It took me quite some time to write it, and possibly even longer to post it. Originally I had planned to post it within September, with with some problems with beta-ing, I am quite late. I hope you do forgive. So, let's move on to a few order of business: This is a slash story. Which means Edward and Jasper. Edward is a man. Jasper is also a man. To be more explicit: they are gay. And in love (at least in my story they are). So if this isn't your cup of tea, this is your cue to stop reading any further. I am not responsible for any psychological damage beyond this point :) My ever lovely, gorgeous, and also incredible beta, puzzypower, has helped me tremendously in the process of getting this story ready for you. So send her kisses, fan letters, reviews, your first born child, or anything you can think of. Honestly, she's awesome. This is a story inspired by the (rumor has it) love between Alexander the Great and his best friend General Hephaistion. Those of you who know your Greek literature/history will see the resemblance. The story is also inspired by James Blunt's "Goodbye My Lover." Those of you well-versed in your pop culture will also see the resemblance. Last, but not least, none of the characters belong to me. All are the creation of the lovely Stephanie Meyer. I hope you enjoy! xoxo Stormy Bella Goodbye My Lover The festivities were full on tonight, in the palace and in every part of the country. From his room, Jasper could see the torches that lit up the sky, so brightly that even the gods might have mistaken day for night. The boisterous music reverberated in every corner of the castle. The men, from the lowly soldiers to the highly diplomats of other countries, got louder and more drunken as the night progressed. Of course they should. After all, if there ever was a reason to celebrate, it was tonight. And not just tonight, for the party would continue well into the week. There had never been more wine in the capitol, nor had there ever been more people. Everybody was celebrating. It was for that same reason that Jasper decided to retreat early to his bed chamber. He just couldn't the take the festivities anymore. It was the king's wedding. Jasper fingered the ring he held in his cold hands. He had bought this gold ring with amber stone while he was on his diplomatic duties. The merchant who sold him this ring told him to only put it on the finger of the one he loved, because it was the same amber stone that Iseult of Ireland gave to Tristan before they parted, the amber stone that, like her heart, would always go with him. For as long as her love kept the stone, they would never part. Even though he scoffed at the merchant, for Tristan and Iseult were adulterers, he bought the ring anyway. It was a shame that the ring never reached his lover. Tonight, his only love would marry another while he stood to watch the ceremony and then the party. When he fell in love, he had known this day would come. Yet so stupidly, so hopefully, he had bought that wretched ring, which now mocked his naiveté. Lying down on his cold bed, Jasper closed his eyes in remembrance of the eager body that had always warmed his bed. His heart was beating almost painfully slow, and yet he found himself gasping for breaths. It was not until he felt wetness on his cheeks that Jasper realized his tears had fallen. Clutching the ring in his palm, Jasper wished for sleep before he could remember too much, before he could think about what Edward would be doing with his new bride tonight. JEJEJEJEJEJEJEJEJEJEJEJEJ Jasper was only eight when he first met Edward, who was seven at the time. Of course, he had heard about the prince of England, though he never had the opportunity to meet Prince Edward face-to-face before that day. The prince and the noble children went to school together, for it had been King Edward's idea to let his son grow up together with the children who one day would aid the future king either in battle or politics. These noble children who in the future would be diplomats, generals and ministers, would grow up with the future king in order for their loyalty and friendship to lie with him alone. Jasper Whitlock, son of the famous general William Whitlock, would one day lead the battle beside the new king. Therefore, he was sent to London. The prince was not at all like Jasper had expected. This prince was full of life, always putting on the mischievous smile that unnerved the tutors. Instead of the snobby look and rigid posture that Jasper assumed most princes carried themselves with, Edward was bouncy and energetic, too eager for a challenge for his own good. He had a head full of untamed hair, shirts that were always wrinkled, and shoes that were always muddy. It didn't take long for them to become true friends. Jasper wasn't like the other children. He didn't let Edward win in wrestling matches. He never failed to make Edward look stupid before the French Master when he answered fluently the question that Edward was fumbling with. To make matters worse, ever since Jasper showed up, all the girls of the court started to giggle and blush every time Jasper walked by, for the young boy was certainly very handsome even at the age of eight. In every aspect, Jasper was better than Edward. And yet, by some unexplainable reason, Jasper always trailed behind Edward. He complied with the prince's every prank, even though it was Jasper who always got them out of the mess that Edward created. Edward especially liked it when Jasper smiled. Whenever Edward felt guilty because he had once again gotten them into some sort of trouble, he only needed a reassuring smile from Jasper to know that his best friend would save the both of them. It was like having his own pet, which was pretty and loyal. Edward loved Jasper very much. JEJEJEJEJEJEJEJEJEJEJJEJEJEJ Edward and Jasper grew inseparable as time peacefully passed over the green hills of England. By the age of fifteen, however, Jasper could feel the shift in his relationship with Edward—at least on his part. Edward was often taken away to private meetings with his father, mostly likely to learn about foreign politics and the laws of the land. Like the prince, Jasper followed his father—General Whitlock—to training camps where he learned about life in battle, where he met soldiers who had seen more the world than they ever wished to. Even though their separate duties caused them to spend less time with each other, that wasn't the cause of the shift in their relationship as much as Jasper's newly developed feelings towards Edward. Jasper had always been aware of Edward's particular affection towards him, more so than with any of their other friends. He himself inexplicably worshipped the ground Edward walked on. However, it wasn't until Jasper was fifteen that he noticed that what they had wasn't normal friendship. Their bodies were always too close to each other, with various body parts almost always touching: Edward's hands playing with Jasper's blond curls, Jasper's shoulders meeting Edward's, their foreheads touching as they talked in whispered words. Edward's moods were always lighter when Jasper was around, and the tone in his voice not as harsh. Not only that; Jasper's impeccable perceptiveness also discovered the discrete glances Edward often sent Jasper's way when the prince thought the blond-haired boy wasn't looking. Most of all, Jasper noticed how the discovery of prince's glances made his heart speed up, his body impossibly warmer, and caused his lips to smile in secret. It was that sunny summer day, under their beloved apple tree, their relationship changed forever. "Mother and Father are fighting about me again." Edward complained as they lazed in the shade of the apple tree. This was their secret meeting place, for the tree was so far into the orchard and hidden by much bigger trees to be noticed. "What is it this time?" Jasper asked, closing the book in his hands as he sensed that Edward needed to vent. "He wants to send me to sea with General Whitlock so I'll gain experience. He thinks the politics I'm studying is useless if I can't handle the wars. After all, I will be commander someday, and the armada will be mine. I might as well know how to use it." Jasper nodded in understanding. "And Queen Elizabeth apparently does not think so." Edward shook his head. "She thinks me a baby, and my father thinks me weak." Jasper smiled. He had heard this story millions of times. The queen's maternal love disagreed with the king's resolve to strengthen Edward into steel. Absently, he stroked Edward's bronze locks as the prince laid his head on Jasper's shoulder. Those who didn't know of their friendship might have perceived the position they were in as that of lovers. The thought made Jasper's heart speed up. Edward sighed. "Only you, Jazz. Only you believe that I am destined for greatness." "And don't you forget it." Jasper teasingly reprimanded. Edward flopped down on the grass, stretching himself like a lazy cat and closed his eyes. Seeing the small smile on the prince's face, Jasper realized that the conversation was over and therefore returned to his book. Silence set in between them like the comfort between best friends. That is, until Edward opened his mouth again. "Have you ever kissed anyone, Jazz?" the prince asked, all so innocently. "W-What?" Jasper sputtered after choking on his own spit. "I asked if you have kissed anyone." The prince repeated, sitting up and peering at his best friend, who had now turned a furious shade of red. "What kind of question is that?" "Have you?" the prince pressed. "Well," Jasper started after calming down a bit. Maybe if Jasper answered him now, he would drop the subject. "I am sixteen. It is natural for sixteen-year-old men to already have their first kiss, if not more." "Yeah, I guess so." Edward contemplated this for a moment. "When was the first time you did it?" Jasper could feel his face burned hotter. "Uh, I can't quite recall. It's been a long while since the first time." Edward fell silent after this. Sensing that his prince was struggling with something that could possibly be embarrassing, Jasper helped Edward. "What is it, Edward? I don't believe you just ask these questions out of mirth." Considering his thoughts for a moment, Edward spoke quietly, "Can I tell you a secret, Jazz? One that you must promise never to tell another soul." Jasper nodded, worried about what could come next. "I promise." "I. . . uh, I only had my first kiss yesterday," the prince's timid voice whispered, his face flushed. Jasper felt his throat tightened, as if he could puke. "Yeah? That's good. Um. . . who?" the blond-haired boy asked. "Bella Swan." "You mean Chief Swan's daughter?" Jasper couldn't imagine how the Chief of the Royal Guards would feel to learn that his daughter had kissed a prince. "Yes. She was waiting for her brother Emmett outside the classroom. When I came out, I made small talk to her, as any gentleman should. She just giggled, and pulled me behind the bushes in Master Carlisle's garden, and smooched me!" "And did you kiss her back?" Jasper inquired, though feeling sicker by the details. "Yeah, I have never kissed anyone and I wanted to know how it's like." The prince answered truthfully. "Did you like it?" Jasper was almost afraid to ask, his heart sinking lower. Edward grimaced. "No. It was.