A/N I fully intend to finish these stories I write, I just need to get one idea out of the way before I can finish others. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters, places, or actors who play the characters. That would be great if I did, but I dont. Elrond frowned slightly as he and his company neared Mirkwood. He had a funny feeling about Mirkwood, but he didnt know why. He hadnt seen Thranduil since the parting of his wife and wondered how he fared. "Are you alright?" a quiet voice next to him asked. Elrond gave Haldir, Marchwarden of Lorien, a tired smile. "Yes, quite." he replied. Haldir frowned at him, but didnt press the matter. There was something odd about Mirkwood, despite it was one of the more evil places in Middle Earth. Haldir hadnt been to Greenwood since he was an elfling and didnt really remember it, except it was a lot different from Lorien. He and his brothers had been chosen to accompany Elrond, and Glorfindel to Mirkwood to settle a truce between the three relms. He was a representative for Celeborn and Galadrial and his brothers, Glorfindel, and a witness from Mirkwood would be present when the truce was signed, since they needed at least one witness from each relm. Haldir had brought Orophin as the witness since he had just become of age, but Rumil was still too young, but insisted on coming because he didnt want to be left out. Haldir rolled his eyes. Both brothers clinged to him as their guardian, but they were a handful sometimes. "Up ahead." Rumil said, pointing. The castle was close to ruin, a dark looming shadow seemed to descend over the building. Beside Haldir, Orophin shuddered. They were greeted by a guard, leading them inside the castle. "King Thranduil said to see you were situated before any discussions." the guard said. But as they were lead through the great hall, Elrond, who was last, noticed a lone figure, bent in half, was scrubbing the floor for all it was worth. He couldnt tell if the figure was male or femalel; long golden hair that was quite dirty fell in it's face and its head was down. "Dont pay him any heed." the guard said, gently taking Elrond's arm and pulling him through the door. "He is a slave, nothing more." at the sound of the guard's voice, the figure looked up and Elrond's breath caught in his throat. Under the soot and dirt on the slave's small, pale face shone brilliant blue eyes that held intelligence and pride. Elrond saw that he was no more then an elfling, possibly younger then his twin sons at home. He felt a surge of anger at Thranduil, taking the poor child and making him work like that. The elfing's clothes were tattered and filty, much like he himself. His leggings and leather jerkin were black; symbolizing his status as a slave and were in tatters. Elrond watched as the little slave lowered his head again, giving the floor another violent scrub before tossing the brush back in the bucket and slowly stood up, stretching his stiff muscles. Without another glance, the elfling picked up the bucket and half-carried-half-dragged it down the hall. "Sire, please." the guard tugged his arm again and this time Elrond allowed him to pull him out of the hall. The guard showed him his room and told him his belongings would be brought up later before leaving. Elrond sat down on the bed, his mind in a whirlwind. This wasnt like Thranduil, who seemed to care about everyone. Never would Elrond believe he would keep a slave of ANY kind, much less a little elfling. The child couldnt even be a century! A knock on the door brought him out of his musings. "Come in." Elrond said. Celeborn opened the door and, seeing the distressed look on his friend's face, said, "What troubles you, mellon?" he asked. "Did you see him?" Elrond asked. "See who?" "The elfing." Celeborn shook his head. "No, I saw no elfling. Thranduil does not have any children that I know of." Celeborn frowned slightly. "There was a small elfling, younger then the twins, scrubbing the floor in the great hall." Elrond said. "The guard told me he was a slave. Thranduil owning a slave? What is wrong with him!" "If this worries you so, mention it to him." Celeborn suggested. "Perhaps he has a good excuse." Elrond sighed, knowing there couldnt possibly be an excuse good enough for why the king of Mirkwood owned another living being, but he knew he owed it to Thranduil to give him the benefit of the doubt. "You are right. I will ask him." Elrond agreed. Just then Glorfindel appeared in the doorway. "Is something amiss?" he asked. "No Glorfindel." Elrond smiled slightly. "But I believe we should go see Thranduil." "And now the three relms are now one." Thranduil finished signing the treaty and gave it to Celeborn. Elrond was surprised, he expected days of negotiation between the three kings, but it had taken less then twelve hours to reach an agreement. "Yes, now that the matter is settled, I wanted to know something." Elrond took a deep breath. "Yes?" Thranduil asked. Elrond studied his friend for a moment. He didnt seem like the kind of person to be cruel enough to be a slave driver. "I heard from one of the guards that slavery is legal here." Elrond said carefully. Thranduil nodded. "Not exactly." Thranduil replied. "I have, but one slave here." Elrond raised an eyebrow. Haldir, Rumil, and Orophin all looked shocked. Glorfindel and Celeborn kept their faces schooled, but Elrond could feel the anger radiating off Glorfindel. "But why?" Celeborn asked. "It is hard to explain." Thranduil replied. "The slave is a servant in need of some reining in. He is rebellious, disobedient, and has a temper. He has a lot of pride and I am determined to force him to back down at any cost." "But he is, but a child!" Elrond argued. "Where is is parents?" "He has none." was the only answer he got. Elrond felt frusterated. "Allow us to let the matter rest." Thranduil said before changing the subject to war tactics. Elrond only hoped the child was treated fairly and not abused. But all hope dispelled at dinner that night. At dinner: Elrond pushed the thought of the elfling from his mind for the moment, seeing there was nothing he could do about it for the moment, and was enjoying the meal, partaking in the lively discussions and laughter. But when one of the servants was walking by with a platter with drinks on it, he collided with the elfling slave, who was carrying his bucket. They both tripped, spilling the contents of their items. "Look what you have done!" the servant struck the elfling full in the face, sending him back to the ground. A couple people at the table stood up, murmuring quietly. To everyone's surprise, the elfing jumped back to his feet, his eyes blazing with anger. He went over to where the servant was picking up the pieces of the broken wine glasses he was carrying and shoved him so the servant fell face first into the spilled wine. "Do not speak to me like that!" the elfling yelled, his voice breaking slightly. The servant seized him and shook him violently. "You will do well to remember your place, slave!" the servant struck him once more, leaving another bruising mark on the elfling's fair skin before shoving him to the ground. But the elfling wasnt through; he struggled back to his feet, tears of pain and anger in his blue eyes but before he had another chance to do anything else, Thranduil had seized him by the back of his tattered tunic. "ENOUGH!" the king shouted. The elfling flinched, but tilted his head back to keep eye contact with Thranduil. This angered the king and he also smacked the elfling. This seemed to get the child's attention and he glared at the ground, a single tear making a streak on his dirty face. "Givelid! You should know not to allow this slave to get the better of you!" Thranduil turned to the servant, who flushed. "Yes sir. I apologize." he said quietly. He nodded his head before taking the platter with the broken glass back to the kitchens. "And as for you!" Thranduil spun the elfling so he was facing him. The elfling had a hand on the handprint on his face, but his eyes held defiance and pride. "Yild, Ronslad." two guard came forward and took a hold of the elfling's arms. "Take him to the dungeons. Deal with him there." the guards nodded and started to drag the elfling out of the room. He seemed to be going quietly, until he got to the door where he yelled, "that was worth a lashing!" before he disappeared. Elrond paled slightly at the words. He was hardly more then a baby! How could he handle a whipping? "Thranduil, I beg you. Do not whip that child!" Elrond pleaded. Thranduil's eyes darkened. "That insolent bratling needs to be dealt with accordingly, Elrond." he said. "A good whipping should remind him of his place." "But he is a child!" Elrond tried again. "There has to be another way!" Thranduil shook his head. "Elrond, I would not harm him. I am not cruel." he said. Elrond felt sick at the words and hastily excused himself. He decided he would try to find the child, perhaps put an end to the punishment, so he followed the corridors that headed down until he heard the sound of someone screaming in pain behind a heavy metal door. Elrond pushed it open and what he saw made him almost wretch. The elfling was tied to a post, his back bared and blood oozing down his back. The child had his head rested against his tied hands, tears flowing down his face. "Had enough?" Ronslad asked, smacking the wooden handle of the leather whip against his hand. The slave whimpered slightly, seeming to have given in. "Please! I cannot take it much longer!" he was crying softly. The guards exchanged satisfied looks and Ronslad gave him three more lashes for good measures. The elfling's body jerked with each blow, but he did not cry out again. The guards untied him, letting him slid to the ground, his head pressed against the post, his arms hiding his face while he body shuddered with silent sobs. Elrond stepped back into the shadows as the guards went past him and back upstairs. Once he was sure they were gone, Elrond slipped in the room where the elfling was sobbing as though his heart would break. "Shhh." Elrond rested the tips of his fingers against the elfling's shoulder where there wasnt any gashes. The elfling bolted upright and whipped around to face Elrond. "W..who are you?" he whispered. Elrond took a handkerchief out of his pocket and cleaned the elfling's face with it. "I am Elrond of Imladris." Elrond replied softly. "I am a healer and I can help you." the elfling shook his head. "No, you cannot." he said. Elrond slipped a hand under the elfling's arm, helping him to his feet. The elfling hissed in pain as the gashes became taunt, but relaxed against the hand holding him up. "Yes, I can." Elrond replied as they went up the stairs. Elrond believed the guards expected the elfling to be out of commission at least until the next day, so he wouldnt be missed. Once they got to Elrond's room, Elrond laid the elfling down on his stomach on the bed and went to fetch help. "Glorfindel! Glorfindel, I need your help." Elrond practically pounded on his door. Glorfindel opened the door, seeming to have just gotten out of the bath, wearing only his leggings. "What is wrong?"