Disclaimer: I stake no claim on the characters or places and make no money from this, I just do it for fun. It all belongs to J.K. Rowling *sniff*. ~ Horny Harry by DMHP2014 ~ Draco gazed inside the standard size 2 Copper Cauldron and sighed in relief. Almost finished. The potion was a lovely pearlescent green colour, as was expected. "Looks perfect," Potter commented, leaning over and eyeing the potion with approval. Malfoy sneered. "Yes, no thanks to you ." Harry rolled his eyes but didn't say anything, it was true after all, yet that didn't stop Malfoy from going off on yet another long and lengthy tirade. "You have been nothing but an utter hindrance," the blond told the brunette unambiguously. "I can't believe I got stuck working with you again. I'm starting to think Slughorn's life mission is to make me as miserable as humanly possible and to think I helped him brew and stockpile the medical potions for the Hospital Wing," Malfoy grunted indignantly. "You'd think he'd cut me some slack, but oh no, that's too much to ask, instead I get stuck working with an imbecile who can barely light the fire beneath the damn cauldron, let alone brew the bastard potion. The things I have to contend with. It's a wonder I haven't lost the will to live! And to top it all off, I'm now missing my lunch break because someone," he shot an accusing look at Harry who blinked back at him innocently, "used the copper stirring rod instead of the wooden one and fucked it all up!" "Bloody hell," Harry groaned. "I said I'm sorry. I just assumed you meant the copper rod because we're using a copper cauldron," he shrugged like it was a logical mistake. Draco glared at him, witheringly. "You should never assume in Potion making! You should always be absolutely certain." Harry resisted the urge to roll his eyes again. "Right. It won't happen again. Now can you please finish the last step so that we can get out of here. I'm starving." Harry longed to be in the Great Hall with Ron and Hermione, filling his face with the delicious Hogwarts food. His mouth began to water at the thought. The blond pursed his lips. "Fine. Stand back and don't do or touch anything. You've already ruined one potion today and I will fairly murder you if you ruin another." Harry snorted in amusement, and then quickly held his hands up defensively when Malfoy sent a vicious glare his way. "Alright. Sorry. I promise I won't touch anything." Appeased, Malfoy turned back to the potion and swiftly centered himself. He picked up a white linen cloth and placed it in his left hand, carefully unwrapping it to reveal a small heap of fine golden Re'em hairs. Harry watched, silently. The only sound in the room was the soft puh, puh puh, puh of their lightly simmering potion. The blond selected a shiny pair of point-tip tweezers and carefully plucked a single golden hair from the pile. He held it up to the light and examined it for several moments before seemingly satisfied with his selection and dropping it into the potion. He watched enthralled as it began to turn luminous purple. Harry took two steps forward and leaned over Malfoy's shoulder to get a better look. "Wow," he breathed next to the blonds ear and Malfoy just about jumped out of his skin, nearly tipping all of the Re'em hairs into the potion. "You idiot ," Draco hissed, staring as the hairs settled back into place on the cloth. "Stop breathing down my sodding neck! I just need to add one more and then it's done. Now move," he ordered, tossing his platinum hair to the side in irritation and causing several sort strands to flick out, like treacherous little tendrils, and tickle Harry's overly-sensitive nose. Harry sucked in a sharp breath, his nose twitching in warning before he let loose a loud an obnoxious sneeze. It all seemed to happen in slow motion. The Re'em hairs that were still sitting precariously on top of the cloth in Malfoy's hand instantly flew up into the air, caught up in the mesmerizing, torrid, tornado of Harry's sneeze, before halting in midair to flutter directly into their perfectly brewed potion. Malfoy gasped, his face horror stricken, as he watched the hair's disappearing into the vivid purple depths, utterly powerless to stop them. The potion instantly began to gurgle and bubble ominously, burping out large, vile smelling, pockets of gas, before eventually settling and turning a flat and unassuming brown colour. "Ohhh -" Harry began, glancing between the soiled potion and Malfoy's alarmingly red face,"- shit ." Malfoy looked... pissed. Yes, he was definitely pissed - like more pissed than Harry had ever seen him before. "Potter," the blond said, in a surprisingly calm tone. "Hmm?" "I suggest you run." "What?" Harry frowned distractedly, grimacing as he poked the copper rod into the brown concoction. It was congealing and, if he wasn't mistaken, moving . "Why?" "Because I'm about to gut you and feed your innards to my pet Acromantula," Malfoy informed him on a growl and then snatched up his wand and aimed it at the brunette's torso. Harry pulled his face in disgust. "You have a pet Acromantula? Gross," he jumped back and to the side as a stinging hex skimmed his right nipple. " Gah! ... Whoa. Now, hold on a minute Malfoy. This wasn't my fault." " Really? " the blond said, his voice sounding a little manic. "I suppose you're going to tell me that someone just happened to silently apparate into this particular classroom and sneeze all over the place like an Erumpent before deftly apparating away again. Even though you and I both know that it's impossible to apparate inside Hogwarts." Harry frowned indignantly at being compared to an Erumpent. " No ," he scoffed but couldn't help a small amused smile from breaking free. It was a rather funny concept. "I sneezed because your hair tickled my nose." "Oh, so it's my fault!" Draco exploded, throwing his hands up dramatically. He, on the other hand, wasn't amused at all. "No," Harry muttered, looking a little like a small chastised child. "It's no ones fault. It just happened," he shrugged. " It just happened ," Draco repeated, disbelievingly. "Answer me this then, why on earth were you breathing down my neck when I specifically told you to stand back and do nothing?" "I was just looking at the potion," Harry answered, scratching the back of his neck, sheepishly. "I like the colour Purple." Malfoy wrinkled his nose in distaste. "I told you not to touch anything!" "I didn't." "Your sneeze bloody well did! You manage to dump every last bastard Re'em hair into the potion!" "As if that's my fault! I can't help it if I need to sneeze," Harry retorted, incredulously. The blond git was being completely unreasonable. "Fine! How about covering your mouth like every other normal civilized person or is that asking too much? Further more, your germs have most likely infected me!" Malfoy's face scrunched up like the thought alone was just too much to handle. "Oh fuck off Malfoy," Harry snapped, irritation creeping up his spine. "I obviously didn't mean to sneeze all over your precious self and those... hairs ," he finished lamely, forgetting the name. Draco pressed his lips together, silver eyes flashing and nostrils flaring. After several long moments of staring daggers at each other, Harry, eventually sighed and looked away. "Look, lets just get this cleaned up and then go and find Slughorn and explain what happened. I'm sure he'll understand," Harry reasoned. "He'll understand that you're a stupid idiot!" Malfoy snarled. "I'm doing no such thing. You did this, so you can clean it up and speak to Slughorn on your own," he informed the brunette bitingly and then turned on his heel to walk away. Adrenalin, raw and electric, surged through Harry's veins and he reached out his hand, with lightening fast reflexes, to grip the blonds upper arm and tug him back. "I don't fucking think so, you're helping," Harry told him, almost coming nose to nose with the Slytherin. "I'd love to see you try and make me," Malfoy hissed. Was that a challenge? Harry's grin was slow and devilish and Malfoy had but a second to regret his words before Harry had him bent over in a headlock. "Potter!" the blond spluttered, his face pressed snug against the brunettes midsection. "Release me this instant!" he lifted his wand to blindly blast Harry with a hex but Harry swiftly knocked Draco's hand away, sending the wand clattering to the floor to roll away under a desk. " Grrr! You enormous dickhead!" Draco roared. Harry smirked down at the back of Malfoy's blond head and tightened his arm around his neck, just a little. "Swear you will stay and help me clean up and I will let you go." Malfoy gripped Potters hips and attempted to dislodge his head from the bastards hold but it was no use. "Potter, I swear, if you don't let me go, right now , I will -" Malfoy broke off, not really knowing what he could possibly do in this rather unfortunate situation. "You will what?" Harry asked, amusement clear in his tone, and he began to scruff up Malfoy's perfect hair with his free hand. "Ugh. I will kill you, that's what! Get. Off. Me, " Malfoy bellowed, his voice muffled by the fabric of Harry's school jumper. "Another death threat," Harry sounded pleased. "That's got to be the fifth one today. Surely you can do better than that, Malfoy," he taunted. Draco was at a complete loss as to what to do because he certainly wasn't going to agree to help clean up and let the arsehole win. Absolutely not. "Alright," Harry began, readjusting his hold, "how about you just sit and talk to me while I clean up. I think that's a fair deal." "I don't want to talk to you, you barbarian!" "Oh, come on, I'm not that bad am I?" Harry asked, voice as sweet as treacle pudding. "You're a brute! You can't just manhandle people to get what you want. Have you no manners at all?" "Manners? That's rich coming from you. You've been insulting me six ways from Sunday! But that's OK, I'll forgive you if you just sit and talk to me." "Potter, you're so weird!" Malfoy complained. His face was beginning to get all sweaty and he tried to turn his head away from Potter's body heat but the heathen just pulled him right back in, nearly suffocating him in the process. "I know," he agreed solemnly. "Stop changing the subject. Do you agree or not?" "I do not!" Malfoy wheezed, spitting out bits of fluff from Harry's jumper. His back was starting to ache something fierce. He leaned into Potter and wrapped an arm around his hips in hopes of relieving some of the pressure. "Always such a difficult sod," Harry commented lightly and shoved Malfoy's head down lower. Malfoy let out a grunt of pain and was horrified to find his face only inches from Potter's crotch. "Oh, sweet Merlin," he breathed. "What was that?" Harry asked, grinning. Draco scowled. "You're enjoying this aren't you, you beast." Harry chuckled. "A little, yes." In truth, Harry was enjoying it a lot. Having Draco bent over and restrained. It was like a dream come true. It didn't seem to stop the blonds sharp tongue though but Harry was glad about that, he loved it when Malfoy gave it to him verbally. It was such a turn on. It was hard to imagine that once upon a time it used to get him unbelievably pissed off whenever Malfoy so much as looked at him the wrong way but that was before Harry discovered what the real