A/N: Edited 3/11/17 Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter Sitting in his cupboard under the stairs of number four Privet Drive was a little boy, currently known as Harry Potter, who was thinking about his life. This would have been odd as the child was only five years old at the moment and most five year olds do not just sit and think about their lives, quietly or not. But this boy was different. He actually had a lot to think about. One of the first memories he could remember, was of waking up in the hospital with no memories. The doctors had told him that they thought he was around sixteen or seventeen years old, but no older than nineteen at the most. Oh yes, he could remember being older quite well. What he remembered after waking up was not something that he would ever want to relive though. Because he had no memories of who he was, the government had sent some nice people to 'help him adjust.' He now thought that it was more than possible that they had known that his memories had been taken from him. Some of the looks he had seen the government officials exchange now made a lot more sense now that he knew about magic and what it could do with someone's memories. They had helped him set up in a small apartment and gotten him a job washing dishes at a local pub so that he would be able to buy food and such things that his stipend provided to him by the government would not cover. They had set him up with an online program so that he could get the education he was missing as they had no records for him and his tests showed he did not have much more than a fifth or sixth grade education. And they also had set him up for a Psych Evaluation...which of course led to him being seen by a Psychologist every week from that point on. Apparently, whatever had happened to him before his loss of memories had had a detrimental effect on his psyche whether he could remember it or not. He knew that his life had not been all panda babies and daisies as he had more than a few scars on his body, none of which looked like something he would have gotten from being a 'rowdy boy,' but the way the government officials and the psychologist looked at him sometimes made him wonder just how much they knew of his previous life. His Psychologist, a nondescript man with brown hair, was fond of telling him that he was normal and that he was adjusting well, but John (the hospital had named him John Smyth and it had stuck when he confirmed he did not know his name) had seen how the Psychologist would look away when telling him how well he was doing. He did not particularly like having information about himself kept from him, so he waited until the middle of the night one night and broke into the doctor's office. The information was about him, therefore he should be able to know what it was. It had been oddly easy to break into the office. No high tech security that he had to worry about or anything. Actually, the ease of which he had broken in to the office to read his file had made him question having the doctor as his Psychologist at all. Not that he had any choice in the matter. His file was fascinating. His doctor had decided that he had what was called antisocial personality disorder and theorized that John was a functional Sociopath, though he had some traits that would tend to make the doctor think he was a borderline psychopath. It was apparently hard to distinguish between the two and the doctor thought that he was walking the line between-if such a line existed. There was a lot of information in his file about how charming he was and how he could present himself as having a much better life than he was currently living. Apparently his doctor did not believe him when he told him that he was doing just fine and making lots of new friends. How perceptive of him. Apparently some of the tests that his doctor would have him do had shown that he had a disturbing lack of empathy towards others and that he would be more than willing to take advantage of people if he was not being so closely watched by his doctor and the government. John had smiled at the little note that had been tucked into the papers where the doctor had written that it was highly doubtful that John would feel any remorse or guilt if the office caught fire-nor would he bother helping anyone else out of the building. there was even a document that theorized that John would be a likely suspect if there were ever a string of murders involving red heads or very old men with long white beards. It seemed like the doctor knew him better than he himself did. His Sociopathy was blamed on whatever had happened to him before he had lost his memories, so they definitely knew something about his past. John had agreed that whatever had happened had probably affected him as he currently had no idea why he hated red heads or old men that looked like Santa. He never said anything about reading his file and continued with his appointments as though he did not know what the doctor thought of him. He did take great pleasure though in telling him some of his thoughts about people and how useless they were. About how bored he was and how he felt the need for a bit of excitement in his life. He had found it amusing to watch his doctor eye him with trepidation, constantly worrying that he was going to go off the deep end. The man was a bit twitchy, do it didn't take much. John never really thought he would run off and start killing people so he didn't really understand why his doctor was so worried about it. It was a good thing to as his doctor would have probably been at the top of his list if he ever did get that urge and that would have gotten him into all kinds of trouble. His life had taken another great turn when he had returned to his apartment one day and upon walking in, been hit with a red light that caused him to pass out. Waking up tied to a chair while a tall red headed man paced his little living room in a dress did not make him feel more inclined to like red heads…nor had the information he had gleaned while the red head ranted about how much his life sucked. One of the things he had learned was that he used to be called Harry. The red head (Ron apparently) constantly called him that throughout the rant. What was more interesting was that even that was not his real name. Ron apparently blamed him for his sucky life as he had put in a lot of effort befriending the Boy-Who-Lived, only for that not to have been worth anything when the Harry he had befriended had defeated the Dark Lord and the real Harry Potter had come out of hiding with his very much alive parents. Had the boy not mentioned how he had gotten some of his scars while ranting, he would have though he was completely nuts. He was still not paying too much attention to the boy until he had mentioned that an alive Dumbledore (He was not quite sure who that was) had bound his magic and wiped his memories before sending him out into the muggle world. It was the fact that the red head thought that this Dumbledore person was responsible for the loss of his memories that made the then called John pay more attention. Thankfully, the red head was so focused on his rant that there was not much that John had to say to keep the information coming. The thing he most got from the rant though was that someone had used him. Used him and then thrown him away like trash. If he had died in the process then so be it. If he could tell his Psychologist right then what he was feeling it would have been easy to put into words. He felt rage. The red head kept talking more about his sucky life. Most of which John was ignoring as unimportant. He honestly did not care at all about the other boy's life. The red head had apparently married someone called Hermione, and he had just found out that she had been taking potions to abort anytime she got pregnant. John could see why she would not want a child with the red head, but could not understand why she just would not take birth control instead. (Of all the tests that he had taken he had never once condoned the death or injury of a child-something that was a relief to his doctor if his file was anything to go by.) Finally, after hours of ranting the red head came to the point. He had apparently been on his way to his wife's office to surprise her with dinner when he had learned about the abortion potions, which his sister was supplying, when they had started to talk about a potion she had been working on. It was restricted due to the fact that it was capable of sending someone back into their younger body so that they could relive their lives. She had been hoping to make a potion that would allow for time travel to gather information about lost civilizations, but now that she had created this potion her research was being scrapped by her department head. From what the red head was saying she was supposed to be working on something called a time-turner instead as they had all been destroyed, and she was in trouble for working on the potion without supervision. Ron, in his apparent idiocy, had decided that he was going to steal the potion. He was unhappy with his life and thought…'this could be the answer'. John/Harry/Whatever was not sure if he was unlucky or lucky that Ron had second thoughts before taking the potion. He had not wanted to live though his childhood again because of his overbearing mother and brat of a sister, not to mention the fact that there had been almost no money when he was growing up. All of that had made him decide to track down the boy he had befriended on the train during their first year. He was going to give the potion to him instead, and because he had his memories wiped he had needed to tell him a bit about the time before he had been cast out. Ron wanted him to know that he wanted nothing to do with him if they ever met in John's new life. It never crossed his mind that John could hurt him in this new life…and John wasn't talking at that point. John had actually wanted to resist having the potion poured down his throat-he didn't really want to be a tester for a potion made without supervision, but Ron had used magic to make the process easier on himself. Once the potion was down his throat the burning began. It felt like his veins had been filled with lava while his body had been rubbed down with balloons. He screamed despite the silencing charm that had been used to keep his neighbors from calling the police as the static feeling increased, never noticing that Ron had disappeared from the room. He wasn't sure how long he had screamed while it felt like he was burning from