Readers: I hope you enjoy this little bit I've been working on recently. I first want to apologize in advance for Potter-world inaccuracies; I do not claim to be greatest fan, but I do try my best. Anyway, Sirius is one of my favorite characters from the series and I really wanted to explore his time with the Marauders, his imprisonment, his escape, and his time after Azkaban. I will most definitely be playing with the timeline in this fic, so don't assault me when your see timeline errors. Seeing I'm not the most devout of writers, I'm not sure how far I'll be going with this story, but I do hope I get all the way to the Second Wizarding War. I can't make any promises and I openly admit to being a volatile and inconstant writer, but I do try my best for you all. This is the prologue of this fic, and it pretty much gives you a look inside Blanche's (my OC) first through fifth years at Hogwarts and her friendship with Sirius. Blanche is indisputably one of my favorite OCs already, and I hope you like her too. The first snippet in this prologue is from 1972, during Blanche's (and the Marauder's and Lily's) second year. The next set of snippets is from 1974 during Blanche's fourth year, and the final snippets are from 1975 during Blanche's fifth year. The real story will begin in Blanche's seventh year, I believe. I hope everyone likes this story, but I am very anxious about posting it and I would really love everyone's support! Although I love the favorites and follows, I adore everyone's comments more than anything and they are always what push me to update. Please leave your thoughts (but if they are purely criticizing my inaccuracies, I beg you to abstain as I've already made aware that I know they're there) and tell me what you think. Reviews will help me decide whether I continue or ditch this fic. Your loving and ever-appreciative writer, Alisson September 1972, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry "Arresto momendum," Blanche whispered into the collar of her gown, eyeing Peter Pettigrew with a devious grin. He sat a table down with his fellow friends—a quartet who began recently titling themselves as the 'Marauders.' Peter dipped his spoon into the bowl of cock-a-leekie soup before him. As he tried bringing the spoon to his mouth, he found his hand slowed to an achingly slow pace. Blanche watched slyly as his face contorted slowly. "What are you doing, Peter?" Blanche heard James Potters' voice sound from her side of the table. "I.. don't… know," he replied at a glacial pace, gradually squeezing out each consonant and vowel. Blanche watched as Remus Lupin broke into laughter beside Peter. "Wingardium Leviosa," Blanche whispered in her collar again, looking directly at the spoon. Peter's slow actions couldn't catch the spoon as it left his hand. He reached up for it, but moved so slowly his hand wasn't even in the air before the spoon was nearly nine feet in the air. "Silencio," she finished in her collar, watching as Peter opened his mouth and tried to create words but failed. "Bit tongue-tied, are we?" Blanche heard Sirius Black mock from his spot beside James. As Apollyon Pringle walked to their row of tables, watching the magical enchantments go down, Blanche waited carefully until he identified her as the caster. He walked toward her quickly with a bitter look on his face until he was within ten meters of her. In her collar, she whispered: "Confundo," and watched as confusion drew across his wrinkled features. By the time he stood beside Blanche, he simply shook the jumbled thoughts from his head and walked on. Her final spell had revealed to the Marauders that she was the culprit, but that was all a part of her plan. Blanche picked up the textbook she had been reading during supper, A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration, and exited the hall—intentionally passing and halting in front of the table at which the Marauders sat. She looked at Peter with sharp eyes. "The next time you think to call a witch more skilled than yourself a 'kiss-arse' in front of an entire class, I recommend you rethink your decision—or else you might, once again, find yourself in a predicament such as this," she hissed. "Am I clear?" Peter opened his mouth, but nothing came out. Blanche grinned. "I'll take that as a yes." She continued out of the Great Hall. She could hear the non-charmed Marauders laughing boisterously as she left, and a grin framed her face. From the table between the Marauders and that at which Blanche had sat, Lily Evans watched the black-haired girl leave the hall. Lily swore she could feel a string of ice following her trail. She hadn't ever spoken to the girl, who mostly kept to herself. But she now had a sudden urge to befriend the witch who could so readily make fools out of bullies. She recalled her name was Blanche—a name which so starkly contrasted her dark features and the inky shadow she left in her path. In Potions, Blanche usually sat by herself at the front of the class. By no means was she a 'kiss-arse' as Peter Pettigrew had claims, she just genuinely liked and excelled in Potions. It wasn't her fault Professor Slughorn doted on her, it was only an unintended result. Today, however, a girl with vivid red hair and green eyes from Blanche's house plopped down in the seat beside her. "Hello Blanche," she greeted with a friendly grin. Blanche looked at her with a cold interest, as she often regarded most things. Lily had noticed that Blanche was not particularly amiable, but she was determined to squeeze a friendship out of her. "Lily," she nodded. Lily thought it was odd how only a girl of twelve could maintain such a distant disposition, but she genuinely believed she could crack through it. She knew she could when she saw Blanche's eyes from a closer range than ever before—they were the purest shade of cornflower blue. There was nothing cold in those eyes. "Do you mind if I sit next to you?" Lily asked. "Not at all," Blanche shrugged. Lily looked across the room to Severus who was now sitting alone—she mouthed 'sorry' to him and his lips thinned into a straight line. "I really admired what you did last night at supper," Lily complimented. "I try to stick up to bullies, too." Blanche sent her a fragmented smile, like she was unfamiliar to Lily's genuine kindness. "That Peter's an idiot," Blanche said and shrugged. In the opposite corner of the room—the back left corner—Peter tilted his head and muttered under his breath to Sirius: "Looks like the two class pets have decided to share a cage." "Careful now, Peter. If she hears you making fun of you again, she might just turn you into a rat," Sirius replied with a grin. "Yeah," Peter scoffed. "Over my dead body." "For some reason, I don't believe she'd have a problem with that," Sirius responded cleverly. Together, Lily and Blanche brewed an exemplary Hate Potion. Professor Slughorn allowed the girls to take a vial for themselves, on the terms that they only use it for 'playful purposes.' Severus was the only other student to make a perfect potion, and he was also permitted a vial. As Professor Slughorn dismissed the class, Lily and Blanche left the room together. They both laughed at the steam which had frizzed their hair and planned on whom they would use their potions. As they walked down the hall and into the courtyard, Severus Snape stood by the partition between the courtyard and the hallways surrounding it. Lily departed from Blanche with a cordial farewell and followed Severus back down the halls. Severus sent Blanche a glare before his leave with Lily—it was a very cold glare, riddled with black ice. Blanche entered the courtyard and was glad to see a that pale frost had not yet glazed over the grass. It was warm and large enough for everyone to occupy in time between classes; Blanche preferred quiet spaces and isolation, but the spot beneath the hazel tree was shaded, inviting, and open. Blanche retrievedher copy of Jinxes for the Jinxed and opened it on her lap. She resumed reading about the Melofors Jinx, but the slender streams of sunshine hitting the parchment pages were soon impeded by a figure that engulfed the entire book in shadow. Blanche looked up and saw Sirius Black standing before her. He was tall for a twelve year old boy, but rangy and even a bit shrimpy. His eyes and hair were dark, and he surely would have been daunting if it had not been for the prepubescent weight that still clung to his cheeks and jaw. He was not an unattractive fellow, but he was still deep within boyhood. "That was Marauder behavior, you know," he commented vaguely, but Blanche quickly picked up on his reference. "Only playful retribution," Blanche shrugged. "What are you reading?" " Jinxes for the Jinxed," she answered. "I'm picking something special for Peter." Sirius laughed, walking forward to look at the book from upside down. "Encases head in pumpkin," he read. "Sounds perfect for him." "I thought he was your friend?" Blanche asked him. "Gives me all the more reason to torment him," Sirius smiled deviously. He sat beside Blanche and looked at what else the book had to offer. September 1974, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Blanche was walking leisurely to her Defense Against the Dark Arts class when Severus Snape crossed her path in an uncharacteristically disorganized run. She soon identified its reason as James Potter and Sirius were hot on his trail, shouting "Snivellus" after him. Peter Pettigrew followed behind with his heavier set stature and missed Blanche's glare when he passed. She followed them out into the courtyard and watched as Sirius cast the stickfast hex on Severus. Blanche raised her wand and exclaimed, "Finite Incantatum." Severus immediately unstuck from the ground and ran. "Now why do you have to go and spoil all the fun, Blanche?" Sirius sighed, turning toward her as he recognized her voice. "Because she's sadistic," Peter sighed hopelessly. "Because she derives pleasure from our sorrow." "Says the boy laughing whilst he mercilessly taunted a boy who did nothing to him," she retorted. "Don't make me cast the Jelly-Fingers Curse on your again." Peter's ratlike face contorted in fear and he stepped back, standing into Sirius' long shadow. Sirius was now something to hide behind as he had grown taller and broader from when they'd first became friends in their second year; manhood now seemed to be someplace on the horizon, but at fourteen his chin was still smooth as silk and his cheeks full with youth. "You couldn't pick up a spoon, fork, or knife for two days," Sirius bent over laughing at the curse Blanche had casted upon Peter last year. The two had never made amends after the Soup Scandal from second year. "I thought you'd starve." "Sirius, let's go to Defense Against the Dark Arts," Blanche tilted her head down the hallway. "Right, forgot about that," he reached for the books he had thrown on the ground once he reached the courtyard. "See you later Prongs, Wormtail," he tilted his head in farewell. "Go on Sirius—keep following her! Maybe one day she'll shag you!" James cried dramatically after Sirius. Sirius turned instantly and smacked James hard on the arm with the flat of his textbook. "Christ! Don't get your panties in a knot!" James cried dramatically in return. Sirius ran back into the hall and caught up with Blanche, who was already on her way. "I've this idea for Charms, Sirius," Blanche laughed once she saw his figure had caught up. "Wait, we're in class together for that, right?" "Yeah, we