This is the Completed 2010 Version of Menelwen . (Yes, I've decided to Update the version later once I am done with it.) What is the difference between the 2010 and 2016 version? As a writer, I wanted to grow my writing styles, but I wanted other people to enjoy the story I have completed. Simply, the 2010 version is the RAW version that has been completed last 2015 while the 2016 ve rsion is the version that I am rewriting (which means it will take a while to finish). So read the 2010 version if you want the finished story while wait for the 2016 version to see the differences and my updated writing styles. This is simply a medium for my to put in my stories. I'd like to thank for supporting my eccentrics. For the people who enjoy reading reviews, now all the review comments for the chapters make sense. AGAIN. (Don't lie! I know you read the review first before reading the story! I do that too!) Disclaimer: I do not own the Lord of the Rings. J.R.R. Tolkien is truly a genius. If you do not recognize some characters, they are most likely mine. Author Notes: There are a few things that I want to make clear before I start the story. Some scenes in this story come from a combination of scenes from the movie, the original story and my own imagination . (Please remember this for there are things and events used specifically for this story!) . So if anything feels new to you, please do not be alarmed. Also please make note that there is romance, but I have not figured out who I should pair her up with, so please comment and review to give me an idea of who the main character to be paired up with. If no one answers, the she will fall in love with either an elf or a character of my own making. I am sorry for any grammatical errors. I am really trying to not make these mistakes. (Flamers, do not kill my story.) UPDATE: I fixed my grammatical errors. I hope they make sense now. Prologue Everything is part of history. Every year, month, day, hour and even seconds… They are all part of the history that is created by all beings. It is important for us to study and to write about history. To remember what has passed and to create a better future—untainted by the mistakes that brought things to their fall. However, Those who tell or write about history see only one point of view. So everything that follows it becomes biased. Many know of a famous red book. It tells the tale of Middle Earth. Of beings like Humans, Elves, Dwarves, Hobbits and Wizards. A story of the darkness that covered over the land and how an unlikely hero vanquished the evil and brought peace back to all of Middle Earth. Many also know about the company—the Fellowship. Nine walkers. However, that information is incomplete. I am tired of telling such things. I have sinned so much. To cover up the truth…to destroy all facts about it. It is not fair to those who have been there on that journey. It is not fair to those that have fought with, cared for and loved her. That story had to be erased from all of time. From all of history. I do not wish to sin anymore. So I will break my vow and tell you about her story. It all began from the time before she was born. The beginning at the end. … Second Age - 3434 … A small company composed of men and elves sat down under the tall, shade-bearing trees that surrounded the base of the mountain. The night was rolling in and all were tired. Turin walked up towards a higher area of the mountain base to scan the surroundings. He let out a breath in relief and sat down when his elf eyes convinced him that there was no danger beyond the dark forest. The elf felt a cool breeze touch his skin and his long brown hair swayed slightly with the wind. Down below from where he sat, a bright campfire gave light. Around it, many of the men conversed with the elves. All were merry despite the situation. "You're by yourself again Turin," said a man who sat down beside the tired elf, "Why does the great elven warrior before me, isolate himself from the world? You are gloomy. Are not all elves supposed to be cheery all the time?" A small smile appeared on Turin's face, "I hate to disappoint you Duman, but I am not that type of Elf. I like to find peace in loneliness. Far away from the forests." His smile then faded, "Really now, how can I be cheery when war is upon us? Sauron's power grows ever so swiftly." There was silence. But then, Duman burst out laughing and the elf looked at his friend in concern. "Ah, Turin, my good friend, you worry too much. We will destroy that wretched Sauron!" said Duman as he slapped his friend on the back, "The Alliance of Men and Elves were created for that very reason! Have faith and hope. We will restore balance to Middle Earth!" "I think not," Turin said glumly, "This company is merely a backup. No action can be done without an order from my Lord Elrond. It is absolutely pathetic." Duman laughed loudly and could not stop his laughter for quite some time. "Because of the Alliance, I have gained the hand of friendship from a great elven warrior," said the man between laughs, "But, not just a normal elf, but—but a gloomy, battle-hungry one!" The elf playfully tried to push the amused of the ledge to make him stop, but this further made the man laugh. "Ah, Turin, all of them lied greatly when they told me that you have no humor!" The elf tried to keep the man quiet. "Will you be silent? I bet Elrond could hear you!" Turin hissed, "Have you no shame?" Duman slowly quieted down, still chuckling here and there. All became silent and the two enjoyed each other's company for awhile. The moon appeared in the night sky. Its light showed many things in the dark. Turin squinted his eyes to see the darkness beyond the trees. "What is wrong?" Duman asked him after the elf's face became serious. Turin quickly readied his bow that was beside him. "Wake the others," The Elven General ordered, "There is a great evil coming towards us." With that said, Duman swiftly took off and ran down to awake the company. As if in an instant, a large group of orcs and goblins attacked the mountain base. One by one Turin shot the enemies with great accuracy. Duman, with the other men and elves stood their ground and fought their enemies with ease. Within minutes, the evil force was no more. The men started to cheer. Turin did not react. Something was still out there. It felt so close—the darkness that enveloped area was so very close. Duman looked up to the mountain and saw the great elf looking out in the distance. He called out to his friend—smiling widely and frantically waving his hands to catch his attention. The moon's light touched the elf's face. It was worried and distressed. The elf then looked down and caught eyes with Duman. "Turin!" Duman grinned, "Turin!" " Noro! " cried an Elf, " Hîr vell! Noro! " "Run?" Turin mumbled questioningly at the words, "Run from what?" He turned around, but a large dark figure grabbed a hold of his neck. Turin's bow fell and the elf struggled to free the grip that held him. The dark figure laughed loudly and smiled as he threw Turin down to the base of the mountain. "Hîr vell! " the elves exclaimed, " Hîr vell!" (My Lord [Turin]!) " Dago den! Dago den! " (Kill it!) An elf commanded. Arrows flew towards the figure, but none touched it. Those with swords ran and fought with it directly, but were swiftly killed by a blow of the figure's sword. Duman rushed to Turin, who breathed heavily. Blood ran like a river. "Turin! Do not die!" The man pleaded, "You cannot die! Not yet!" he grabbed hold of his friend's hand, "Please Turin!" The elf smiled, but it faded when he saw the dark figure descend from the mountain. Among the dead lay many of the men and elves—father, sons, friends. "Duman, you—you must run," Turin begged, "It—he—you cannot fight him! Leave me!" The dark figure finally came to the base. All those who fought were slain. There was rage in the man's eyes as he raised his sword and charged at the figure. Duman hacked and slashed the enemy at full force, but the figure laughed as he easily defended itself. With one strike of the figure's sword, the man knelt before the enemy—the blood loss greater than the fallen Turin. Duman tried once more to attack, but in one swift movement, the man's head rolled off—decapitated. "Duman!" Turin cried out. He tried to stand. He tried to fight once more, but his injuries prevented him to do so. The black figure turned to the squirming elf and picked him up by the neck. " Le vaethor vele, Turin. Le vaethor veleg" (You are a mighty warrior, Turin. You are a great skilful bowman.) The dark figure said to him, " Auth tôl. Go-vaethatham ned auth?" (War comes. Will you join me?) " Avon gared iest lîn"(I refuse to do your wish) the general hissed, "I do not fight for the Dark Lord!" Sauron laughed at the angered elf. "I see potential in you. You will join me. You are needed Turin." Sauron chanted in an ancient tongue—an unknown magic to even the elves. Turin could feel it. Darkness enveloping him—his body, his mind, his heart. There was a piercing cry in the elf's head—echoing loudy, strongly, deadly. You are useless. You were unable to save your army. You did not save him. You did not save Duman. You cannot save anyone. "You will be mine." Sauron whispered. Just then, a bright light shattered the darkness that surrounded them. An arrow from above flew towards the Dark lord. Sauron released this hold on Turin. The elven warrior lay on the cold blood soaked ground. He stared at the bright light that stood at the peak of the mountain. Turin squinted to see the figure beyond the glow, but fatigue overcame him. Sleep, Turin, that evil will not bother you. A woman's voice sang out to him. Sleep and be in light. … Second Age - 3441 … " I amar prestar aen…Han mathon ne nen…Han mathon ne chae…A han noston ned gwilith… " (The world is changed. I feel it in the water. I feel it in the Earth. I smell it in the air.) Galadriel turned and looked at the night sky, "One by one, the free lands of Middle-Earth will fall into the power of the Ring. But there are some who will resist this. The last alliance of Men and Elves will march against the armies of Mordor, and on the slopes of Mount Doom, they will fight for the freedom of Middle-Earth." … A vast army of Men and Elves stood on one side of the battlefield. On the other side, stood the army of Orcs controlled by the Dark Lord. "If we die, we die with honor!" shouted a General. " Yrch telir!" (Orcs are coming!) cried an Elf, " Gurth an yrch! " (Death to the Orcs!) Elrond stood anticipating the movements of the enemies. " Garo chûr an ndagor!" (Get ready for battle) he shouted to the archers. He looked to his left and saw the serious face of an elven warrior. " Turin ce mae? "