Hi guys! So I have many projects underway right now and this is a little something I was inspired to create after watching Catching Fire and falling completely in love with The Hunger Games trilogy even more. It always intrigued me what happened to the Victors we know and the ones still in the shadows, how they became the victors they are today. I began by just writing a one-shot to cure some writer's block on the very 1st games and the final Hunger Games, but then I decided why not fill in all the blanks? I don't know how often this has been done as a fanfic, I haven't read many other Hunger Games fanfics yet and am slowly working my way through some. I hope you enjoy it! 1. Jenessa Everton, Female, District 12. I'm standing in a wide expanse of greenery, as I peer around me I notice the vast amounts of it stretching out before and behind me. The deafening roars pierce me from every side, they could burst my eardrums then and there, they were so excited as I look around. My eyes, which had been submerged in total darkness before as I rose up from the underground, were still trying to adjust themselves to the brightness. I have no concept of the day, time or where I was. All I know is that the sun blazing down from above is not real. It is artificial. Sitting high above in rows upon rows, there must have been thousands of them there pushing each other to get a better view of me. They were odd creatures, oddly beautiful and oddly alarming, I wasn't sure why anyone would want to change the colour of their hair or skin. They look so unreal as some held up little binoculars, one of them staring at me and then pointing when they saw that I had caught them. I was faintly aware of something counting down, it sounded like a huge gong but it was so faint against the chanting crowds I paid it little attention. The men that paraded around my home dressed in white, the invaders as we call them, who ripped me from my family and took me far away. They never spoke to me, even when I pleaded, begged and struck out at them. They were always so impassive, their only threat being the cocking of their guns. How I despise weapons. My parents had used them often, only when absolutely necessary but those times had become more and more frequent as of late. We rose up finally. We were sick, we were tired of the Capitol. Their rule over Panem and the districts we all belong to is horrible. We starve, we struggle, we die and they masquerade round without a care in the world. We had had enough. My father led the rebellion in our District. He was one of the first to catch on to District 13's ideology. As soon as talk of an invasion of the Capitol itself spread throughout all the districts, all starting from 13, did we all began to rise up. Blood stained the dirt streets almost every night. We abolished those who favoured the Capitol, those who tried to quell our desires for our own independence. They aren't just desires, they are desperate needs and remain so to this day. We were winning. Everyone in the Districts knew it. We had driven the Capitol's forces out of the thirteen Districts they tormented daily. It was obvious, the Capitol needs us. They can't possibly flourish without us, we provide them with everything from the clothes on their backs to the food they eat. We just refused to give it to them, ate it ourselves, wore the clothes we threaded ourselves. It was a very unusual sight to behold but I loved it all the same. The Capitol bred thousands of creatures, muttations we called them. They were beings crossed from science, freaks of nature which should never have been created. Huge rabbid squirrels and wasps that stung with poisonous gases. We didn't know they were dangerous till they were unleashed on us from the giant hovercrafts that flew above our heads. They could have dropped as many as they liked however, if there was one thing we knew how to be it was resilient. Then District 13 was gone. The Capitol had an ace up their sleeve and executed it perfectly. The bombs struck and combined with the nuclear waste the District created in a toxic mixture. You could see the explosions from my own District and the tables turned as fast as District 13 was destroyed. The ace had fundamentally altered everything. We were at a loss, my father was at a loss. They took him long ago after he tried to carry on. He infiltrated the Capitol as the original plan was with leaders from Districts 2, 4, 8 and 11. I know he's dead, I'm more than old enough to understand what happens when someone goes missing for a month. The Capitol's airforce took down the whole rebellion that night. The Capitol's positioning in the Rockies was perfection, it made the rebels easy targets. It was as if nothing had happened at all for a while. The Capitol had reclaimed its hold on us all and we knew better than to try again. The invaders in white had been created, soliders taken from District 2 who had been brainwashed into following the Capitol. They slaughtered anyone who spoke out of line, who stepped out of turn. But the murdering stopped, they stopped making examples of random citizens. The firing squads stopped every dawn and we all believed that normalcy was going to reign supreme once again. But then they took me. They took me and another boy from my District, they pulled us onto the steps of the Justice Building. I could tell from their eyes they knew who I was. I was the daughter of the leader of District 12, the boy beside me was the son of my father's second in command. He was my friend. Our families too were taken, I don't know where too. I tried to fight them all off, I tried to use anything I could as a weapon. I injured one but they caught me again whispering excitedly as they bundled us onto a train. I don't remember much after they sedated me. I was sealed inside a dark room, with someone giving me instructions. They were dressed in a multitude of colours from head to toe, telling me about weapons and ordering me to stay alive whatever happened. The only real words that registered in my head was the words, 'If you want to live you must kill. To win you must eliminate all those weaker than you.' I didn't fully understand the man's words but I knew what he was implying. It was after all, what the Capitol had done to the rebels. Squashed their competition, bombed them till there was nothing left. My eyes are staring at the haul of weapons in front of me now. There are swords, knives, maces, arrows. I understand exactly what that man meant as I look around at the other children positioned around the weapons in a ring, the only thing between us was the weapons and it seemed pretty obvious what the Capitol wanted from us now. They couldn't be serious. We're children. Most of them are anyway. I must be one of the oldest here, some looked no older than twelve, but I knew what we all had in common. We were the children of the leaders from every District. Some I knew, some I have played with while our parents discussed battle plans. Then the roaring became deafening as my eyes connected with a boy of my age whose face was twisted between grim understanding and horror. Other looked shocked, but even as this display officially began none of us dared to move. None of us wanted to approach the barbaric instruments before us. Every weapon was designed to cause pain, to shed blood. The younger, tributes they seemed to call us, looked confused and scared. I thought of my father and as I did so I took a deep breath and decided to be brave. I took the first step off the plate and onto the soft grass below, the crowd silenced at once wondering what I was going to do. But the sounds of crying caught my attention and I saw one of the youngest girls crying, hiding her face from view in her black jacket and I find myself walking over to her. I don't know what I can say to her, I don't know what I can do to save any of them. I take her hand which causes her to look up at me in surprise, her big blue eyes were wide in fear but I just smile gently, reassuring her with my eyes. The two of us looked up at the citizens of the Capitol who were bearing down on us like starving vultures, ready and raring to see us spill each other's blood. But it was not going to happen, as the boy from my District stepped over to me and took my other hand shaking his head. The others, confused or not follow suit, till we were all standing in a line, hands held looking up at the President in his little box with rage, anger and desperation shining in our eyes. We are not going to destroy each other in this way. The President of the Capitol held eye contact only with me, I'm sure my bottom lip is quivering and my face is contorting into a snarl as I shake my head slowly, and giving us all a look of bored surprise he raises his right am. I wonder what it meant as the Capitol start throwing things at us for being so thoroughly unentertaining. The men in white begin to rise up from the tubes we had exited from and still we stand firm. Children, between the ages of twelve and eighteen who are standing up to the Capitol silently avenging the loss of our families. I can see it in the calculating President's eyes that there is no one left in Panem who I love. The men in white begin to walk towards us, the one nearest to me speaks. "You must follow the rules, tributes." He warned dangerously cocking his gun. "We are rebels, not tributes." I spit back my voice equally deadly. Then girl next to me quiveres and I tightened my grip on her hand. The man steps even closer to me, he stinks of some foul odour and before I can help myself, my father flashes before my eyes. I give him the hardest shove I possibly can, putting all of my seventeen year old strength into it. He topples back and the first gunshot goes off. I paused at once and looked down waiting to see the bullet wound, the blood spewing forth but there was none. There were screams from behind me and I turn. The little girl whose hand I had been holding just minutes before was dead, her face obscured by the tall grass. The children around begin crying or were just stoic as the man in white climbes to his feet and smirks at me, I too was screaming now. Tears are falling from my eyes and I can't stop them. Another gun shot rings out and a boy drops to the ground, the man in white had snuck up from behind and shot him in the back of the head. The other children run at once in all directions but there is nowhere to run. Some make for the pile of weapons and pick them up before staring at them at a complete loss at how to use them. More gunshots rain as the Capitol