Chapter One: On the Horizon The fields of Gondor yet unclaimed, Second Age, 3441 I have never seen such destruction. Grey eyes swept the fields around him in chilling disbelief. He knew the cost had been great, the lives lost many, but he could not quite recall in his long life such an empty, hollow sight. Fields had been burned. Villages ransacked. People driven from their homes, left as skeletons for the crows, charred shells of what they once were. Their bodies littered the road, the hills, the mountains… Elrond brought his eyes back to the road before him, upon which his horse Firverior trod. It will do me no good to linger on that which I cannot change. It had been days since the last battle of the War of the Last Alliance, the Siege of Barad-dûr, had ended. Seven long, harrowing years, and it was over in just a few days. Sauron had been smote to his ruin, the darkness felled. The few orcs and uruk-hai that had not been killed during battle had fled, and Elrond was certain they would be lost with time. Though I would feel infinitely better if Isildur had cast the Ring into the Crack of Doom, he thought, shifting his jaw to offset his frustration. A fool he thought Isildur; a righteous fool, but a fool all the same. It is done. But it did not feel like a victory. The sky was overcast with grey clouds that threatened rain, and there were no larks or sparrows to accompany their caravan back home to Rivendell. It was not cold, but the air held a chill to it: the chill and pallor of death. Somewhere between Gondor and Arnor they were, in the vast span of land that had yet to be claimed by any. It was a bleak land, of rolling green and yellow hills and black, rocky crags, with copses of pines or hardy bushes here and there. The Ered Nimrais loomed to his left, dark and foreboding, with fog swirling about and thickening as it churned toward the peaks. It was not a cheerful atmosphere, and it made Elrond less somber than he would have liked to be after a victory he had worked hard for, had yearned for. They had lost many, too many , and he and his comrades felt the loss like one of their own limbs. Elrond himself would be returning to his lands with less than half of what he set out with, to claim that evil had been defeated and Middle Earth saved from ruin. However, the cause of it all, the One Ring of Power, still held true. All because of one man's greed. Hopefully this price for peace has been paid in full and that trinket becomes inconsequential, lost with time. Elrond turned his head slightly, looking to the right. Maybe there was a sparrow or two brave enough to traverse the broken fields. He heard the melody of one singing over the crunch crunch of Firverior hooves against the road. Although, as he tilted his head further he thought, that sounds like no sparrow I have ever heard before. An abject sense of dismay gripped him then, coming on so suddenly he could not explain his next actions. He held up a single fist and behind him the call of, "Hold!" was shouted down the line of soldiers. "What is it?" Círdan, the late Gil-galad's first lieutenant, asked. Elrond frowned, thinking the sound was less melodious than he first thought; not like the song of the birds at all, but more like… a whine? Some incessant, high-pitched humming? What could be making that noise out here, in the middle of this desolate and depraved land? Elrond dismounted from Firverior but stood next to the beast, unmoving, just listening. Círdan looked at him quizzically, exchanging a look of befuddlement with the nearest soldier, before saying to Elrond, "What is it, Lord Elrond?" Elrond began to walk away from his horse, leaving behind the procession, much to the perplexity of those that watched the elf-lord. He had his eyes trained to what he thought probably used to be a village but was now charred remains of such, burned to ash and blackened rocks. Stinking bodies rotted in the dim light of the sun, and were laden with flies, beetles, and crows. As he walked by bones of a tree that had been burned, buzzards looked down from their perch with curious, beady eyes. But he heard it still. That noise . More like a whimpering now, a sad, pathetic sound. Círdan had dismounted behind him and followed close with his sword drawn as his eyes darted this way and that. Elrond knew the moment he heard the sound too when he asked, "What is that ?" The noise was not getting louder but Elrond drew closer to it, and although Círdan had drawn his blade he did not. He sensed no harm, felt no malevolence in the air. Carefully, quietly, he walked around the shells of lost homes, evaded decimated bodies, and peered around what foliage had been left untouched by the fires that had brought this poor, homely village to its knees. It was in one of those unscathed bushes that he found her. Frozen in shock, Elrond peered down at the small child that sat before him in the dirt. He had parted the half-burned branches of a thistle to reveal her, and as he stared at her for long moments he was not quite sure he could believe his eyes. She was young, a small girl, maybe around the human age of five. She was sickly pale, and her bones appeared to be pulled tightly over her skin she looked so emaciated; her eyes were sunken and ringed in black, her cheeks hollow. Her long, brown hair was matted, tangled, burned to the scalp on one side of her head, and her dark emerald eyes were vacant and glassy as they stared not up at his face, but his feet. She wore the most horrendous gown he had ever seen, a pathetic remnant of the splendor of what it once was; he could not even decipher the color. Caked with mud, torn severely, and so soaked with dried blood that he would think she had lain in it for days. Her feet were bare but blackened, and the skin of her limbs was either burned red from the touch of flames, lacerated, or black and blue with bruising. Her face was filthy, with a festering gash over her right cheek to snarl her upper lip ever so slightly. It was she who was making the noise, a ceaseless mewling that held no inflection, uttered through cracked and bloodied lips. She did not stop her noise, not even when Elrond appeared. "By the gods," Círdan came to stand behind him, and now stared down at the girl in open-mouthed horror. "It is a girl." Elrond could not move, so in astonishment was he. They had not seen any sign of life since they had left Gondor, friend nor foe. But this child…here? Had survived? "She is Elvish I think." Círdan murmured, moving to stand by Elrond, parting back the bush with his own gloved hand for a better look. Elrond's gaze flickered to her ear revealed by her missing hair and indeed, it held a pointed tip. Surprise struck him anew. Who is she? Where has she come from, to be so far from home? Her kin, where are they? The child had yet to acknowledge he or Círdan. Pity swelled within him. She is in the throes of shock. She has seen too much, does not comprehend what happened no more than she could the war. "How has this child survived? Come all the way from our own lands…" Círdan sounded morbidly shocked, and Elrond glanced at him to find his face twisted in a mix of pity and repugnance. Círdan shook his head, letting the bush fall back into place as he began to move away. "Put her out of her misery, Lord Elrond, and let us be on our way." Elrond turned his eyes back to the girl. If she had heard his harsh words, she gave no hint. She continued to whine, her eyes fixed on the space where he stood. I have taken too many lives already… But what kind of life awaits her if I do not? He put his hand on his scabbard, but dread rose thick and cloying in his throat. He shifted his jaw once more and moved to wrap his fingers around the hilt of his sword. He found his fingers would not cooperate with his better sense, and he dropped his hand in a fist by his side. Torn in indecision, he tried to move away, but found that he could not. I cannot just leave her here… His mien softened at the sight of her, so wretched, so poor. Elrond knew it was not in his heart to kill her no more than it was to let her sit in that bush and become prey to whatever fate awaited her. He reached down for the small girl and took her into his arms. She gave no resistance, but nor did she readily enfold herself to his grasp. She did not change her tune nor balk at his touch, and she felt stiff in his arms and smelled as filthy as she looked. She weighed nothing, and a new pang of sorrow took hold of his chest as he cradled her close. She has suffered much. "What are you doing?" Círdan asked, incredulous as he turned and watched as Elrond approached. "You mean to take her?" "I cannot just leave her." Elrond told Círdan, walking past the lieutenant back to Firverior. The ebony destrier sidled nervously at the newcomer, his ears pinned flat to his head. "Elrond, she will not survive the journey back to Rivendell! Look at the wretch." Círdan exclaimed, coming up behind Elrond as the elf-lord reached up to place the girl in the saddle, and then prepared to swing himself up. "She does not deserve to lie here in filth no more than she deserves to die. She did not ask for this." Elrond replied, settling himself behind the girl on top of Firverior. Her humming had not stopped, and the warhorse tossed his head in dissent. "She is addled, Elrond! It matters naught! She will die with the coming of the dawn; you can see that as plainly as I can." Círdan continued, taking the reins to his own mount. "That is for fate to decide." Mumbling beneath his breath, Círdan took to his own saddle and shook his head in Elrond's direction as the elf-lord motioned to begin the procession once more. Tucked in the saddle before him, nestled between his armor-clad arms, the girl swayed to the movement of Firverior, her eyes dully vacant on the long road ahead. She was cold, Elrond belatedly realized, and so he pulled his cloak from his saddlebag and draped it around her, making sure to cover her legs, tuck it in around her shoulders. Whatever grace of mercy the gods decided to lend you this day, little one, he thought, gazing down at her. I hope you transcend it with all that you are capable of. And so they continued the journey home. "You say you found her along the road?" Elrond glanced up at Celeborn from his seat beside the girl's bed, and rose to meet the noble of Lórinand. "In what appeared to be a village that had been destroyed, yes. She had taken shelter in a thistle bush." "And you know nothing of her?" "Save the fact that she is Elvish, no. She has not spoken since coming to be in my care." Elrond had been home for nearly a fortnight now. On this night, and in the two days preceding it, a