A girl stands on the Reaping stage in front of District 1. Everything about her is beautiful. She is tall and skinny, with a pale complexion. Blond hair cascades in gentle waves down her back. Her envy green eyes are so gorgeous it hurts to look at them for too long. Can it be me? No. No, I know that girl. She is my sister. She is fifteen years old and her name is Onyx. I am looking up at her on the stage, her fragile frame outshined by an authoritarian Capitol flag in the background. The wings of the golden bird illustrated on the flag sweep in alignment behind her shoulders and look as if they're going to pluck her off the stage and carry her into the arena itself. I find myself standing in the audience with the other 17 year olds feeling unbearably hidden by the group. A burning sensation slides down my throat, into my stomach. I must volunteer for her. Why can't I scream? "I VOLUNTEER!" My voice cries clear as day in my head, but the words are too heavy on my tongue. I open my mouth again and again but I cannot force the words. Helplessly, I push past the crowd to the center aisle and attempt to run up the stage, but my legs are too heavy and as it is happening I feel myself falling, falling, falling in front of the crowd. I scramble to my hands and knees, sharp gravel digging into my flesh, dragging my useless limbs up to the stage. "I VOLUNTEER!" I mouth over and over again, but no one hears. When I get to the stage, my sister still stares out to the crowd but doesn't look at me. I hug her and hold her hand, but she refuses to acknowledge my presence. Desperation washes over me in waves. It longs to pull me under, the claws of exhaustion scratching at my hair, my legs, and my chest. I look out at the crowd, my eyes frantically searching for help, and then my gaze returns to Onyx. When I look back her skin is gray, the pink leaves her cheeks, and her lips are pale. I touch her delicate features as the light leaves them, and I notice I'm changing too. My skin looses color and my breath feels cold inside my chest. I scream but no one in the audience helps... Then I wake up. The light of dawn dances in patterns across my sisters' faces. Or perhaps they're just lighting up the room like people used to say. My two sisters are most lovely things I have ever seen. We are all tall and thin, with spidery long legs and pale skin. Our hair is long and a similar color blond, deep and gold like a slipping summer sunset. The only differences we share are our eyes. My youngest sister Emerald, whom everyone refers to as Em, has eyes that resemble liquid sapphires. I'm so jealous of them. Onyx and I have green eyes. I push the heavy wisps of blonde hair glued to my neck away and drag myself off the dirt floor. My sisters and I reside in my parent's old house. It was huge, chic, and the most desired home in District 1. I remember it as if I am looking at an old photograph. A lush green lawn spread wide in front of my family's mansion. It was supported by gorgeously carved columns, etched with twisting vines and leaves. The house was white and pristine, three levels of marble floors and winding staircases. There was an oak tree next to my window, and when I was happy and young boys would perch precariously on the highest branch and tap on the window, their hearts throbbed to see me before sunrise and I would protest stubbornly but absolutely loved the feeling of adoration. Mother always had fresh roses on every countertop and I can still smell the lingering scent of my father's cologne in the air. But three years ago, when I was fourteen, our house was torched and most of it was incineration because of my parent's involvement in an underground rebellion. They were killed, and my brother too. The only thing that is left is the skeleton of our old living room; where we had to rebuild the walls with extra bricks. There's also a dirt floor, one window, and my mother's wedding ring. Everything else was either burned or looted in the fire. My throat is dry and a pain that feels like every molecule in my spine is splitting open radiates from my back. I lie back down on the hard floor and feel the gravel pressing into me. I stare up at that one window that survived the fire and observe the light beams reaching towards my sisters and I. I watch the little specks of dust that dance expertly through the light, and I can't stop. I am amazed by how an inanimate object can have so much grace. Eventually, the heat warms my exposed skin and loosens my aching muscles. Beads of sweat began to roll off my arms and I try to sit up again. I crawl on my hands and knees over to Em and brush tangles of thick hair out of her face. A smile tickles the corners of her lips even while she sleeps and it's a reminder of how and why I wake up in the morning. "Em. Hey, Em. Come back to me, Em." I whisper, lightly running my fingers through her hair. She stirs a little. Finally rolling on her back, she blinks her eyes and dark, framing lashes and wakes up. I watch in utter awe, as the smile does not slip off her face. She's everything to me. "You know what today is?" I ask, preparing her for The Reaping. I am lucky to be able to bring it up so lightly. Em is only eleven and will not have to experience a reaping for another year. "A warm, sunny day . . ." She trails off, rolling her eyes upward to admire the sun. That's one of my favorite things about her, so innocent and happy. Her almost identical sister rolls over and snuggles into Em's side. "Why are you up so early?" She questions drowsily, wincing away from the harsh sunlight. Couldn't sleep, I wanted to say. But a mother would not say that. And that is what I am to them. "It's such a nice day outside," I try to imitate Em, and offer a smile. I brush the hair out of Onyx's face too and kiss them both on the cheek before turning away to prepare for the day. Even though we are surrounded by the infinite luxuries of District 1 our house no longer has running water. No one likes us enough to reinstall it after the fire. I sneak out the back door and lug a bucket of fresh rainwater behind a couple trees. We have been doing this for three years and not a day goes by that I don't miss actual showers. I collapse at the base of the bucket and drink the rainwater like a dog. Embarrassed, I sit up straight and wipe my hand on my sleeve. I lightly lay my clothes above my head on tree branches and begin using the clean water and my nails to scrub off caked dirt and mud across my limbs. When the water cascades through my hair, assorted bugs wash out and litter at my feet and I pretend to retch. I wash my face, brush my teeth, and comb my hair. Finally, I dress in a simple white, eyelet dress with short sleeves and a leather belt for my waist and meet Em and Onyx inside. To my surprise, they're dressed and ready for The Reaping. Em presents herself to me in a cotton blue dress that matches her eyes perfectly and has lace trim. Onyx has on an old dress of mine. It's one of my favorites, ashy grays in color and dances around her knees. There are buttons starting at the waist and trailing to her neck, and it scares me how mature she looks. I compliment their dresses and move to the pantry, pulling out a jar of jam, a couple biscuits, and paper plates. A strong sensation of pity flushes out my cheeks and burns down my throat into my heart as I do this. My mother and father fed us on beautiful china every morning, afternoon, and evening. What would they say if they saw this? I shake my head to relieve the thoughts. Upon opening the jar, I see the top is crusted over in mold. I wish I could throw it out but we need the food desperately in this household. I scrape it out with a butter knife and dump it out the back door for the rats to eat. My sisters and I chat while we eat breakfast. In the back of my head I think about what people in other districts are doing right now, mostly because I know everyone here is infinitely more fortunate than in other districts. Even us. If I am reaped, or Onyx, one of the trained girls will lunge forward and volunteer herself and we can return to our homes. This is because District 1 is a career district. That means hundreds of boys and girls train mercilessly every month of the year to prepare for their chance in the spotlight. It is disgusting, in my opinion. Everyone is so determined to leave an impression on the world that they become savages, thrusting swords and shooting arrows is the only way to prove yourself around here. We walk harshly upon the Earth, looking into every acquaintance's eyes and thinking not of charity or aid, but of outlasting one another. Do the citizens of Panem not remember the inglorious war in which we were turned against our own brethren? We are each other's broken family. Many adolescents can't understand that concept and become starry-eyed in the shadow of fame and grow desperate for spotlight. I do not find it sad that I will not have that opportunity, for even though I have not been loved widely, I am loved deeply. That is one of the things I despise the most about the Hunger Games. Every year it is just another countless casualty against the ancient war for freedom, or lack of thereof. The tributes think they bring honor and sacrifice to their district but the marks tributes leave are too often scars. This makes me think of my parents, how they tried so hard to bring unity to the country once more, and how they ended up isolating us from the rest of the district. I don't blame them, though. How could I blame my parents for walking so lightly upon the Earth, yet being so wise about the generations that could be affected after them by creating a country based on the principles of wholeness? We finish breakfast and decide to walk to The Reaping. I brace myself. There are usually people waiting outside our door for us. They are drunks, or Capitol lapdogs, or old friends. They throw bottles at us, or rocks. Sometimes insults are hurled at us; "traitor" and "scheming mutts" are a norm. It was very scary for me at first. Mother and father had perished and I had to protect Em and Onyx on my own, but I believe experiences like this have helped transform me into a parental figure. I grab Em's hand and whisper delicately to her. "Chin up, chest out, and no eye contact" I was right, of course. A small group of mostly drunks gather outside. They spit at us and call us names. I pretend to stare intently at the banners in the distance illustrated to excite the crowd for the 74th