Revised and Re-posted: January 1, 2015 Disclaimer: I do not own any of Tolkien's works. A/N: I will slowly be revising the story as I continue writing. Please bear with me. Each chapter at the very beginning, if it has been revised, will note the day it was re-posted. Chapter 1 Birdsong filled the air, its melody flowing harmoniously with the sounds of water falling and tree branches swaying in the wind. The sun overhead brightly watched over the peaceful scene of the valley of Imladris. The breeze passed through the trees into the hallways of the Last Homely House East of the Sea, following the open and towering passage until at last it reached a balcony and once again joined the stronger winds outside. As the breeze passed off the balcony, it gently caressed the golden-haired elf lying haphazardly on a bench near the balcony, with a hand laying over his eyes, motionless except for the slight rise and fall of his chest. And then, just for a brief moment, the elf's body stilled as a cloud passed over the sun, covering the valley in darkness. Just as quickly as it came, the darkness left and the valley continued its peaceful melody. All returned to normal except all traces of peace left the body of the golden-haired elf. In that brief moment, he had felt a sense of malice at the edge of his senses. It was something old and familiar, the presence of a doom he had not encountered for over an age, if not two. Not the elf's doom, but certainly some ancient evil that had ended the life of a comrade in battle long ago. Whatever it was, the sense of malice was much too far away to properly analyze and assess it existence and ability to threaten the hidden valley of Rivendell. At the moment, as far as the elf was concerned, it could be ignored until another day where its presence posed a greater threat. In recent years, it was not uncommon for the elves of Imladris to feel the evil in the east growing and passing its energies over the lands of Middle Earth. For now this elf chose to merely lay down and allow the sense of peace pervading the valley to flood his senses. Of course, the very moment he had dismissed his concern, a messenger appeared, walking swiftly with a sense of purpose down the long passageway towards the balcony. The messenger stopped a respectable distance away and bowed lowly. "My Lord, Lord Elrond summons you. He is in need of your counsel." The elf's eyes slowly opened, revealing piercing light blue-grey eyes. When he stood from the bench, he towered slightly over the messenger, wearing simple white robes over a tunic and breeches. His face was sharp and distinguished, his golden hair held back by warrior braids. "Thank you. Is there anything else?" "No, Lord Glorfindel. He has summoned his sons and Lord Erestor as well." Glorfindel nodded once at the messenger before promptly making his way to the meeting. His mind strayed back to the sense of malice, and he felt it was connected to the summons. He sighed as the image of Eärnur's smiling visage momentarily echoed in his mind. A brief flash of sorrow passed over the golden-haired elf's face before vanishing; he quickened his pace, his hand drifting to where he usually wore his sword. [Break House of the Golden Flower Break] "My Lord Elrond," Glorfindel stated respectfully, bowing slightly before taking a seat in front of Elrond's desk. He would have loved to crack a joke at the deepening wrinkles on the stern elf's face, but the tension in the room was literally thick enough to slice through with a sword. He glanced at the faces of the other elves in the room, including Elrond's twin sons, Elladan and Elrohir. Their grim countenances mirrored their father's face, promising the news was indeed serious and of a dark nature. When his eyes drifted to his fellow advisor, Erestor, Erestor gave him a slight nod before turning back to Elrond. Erestor's finger was idling tapping against his side, which was usually a sign that the elf was greatly distressed. Glorfindel was finally getting the feeling that his relatively peaceful day was about to take a turn for the worse. He turned his attention back to Elrond, who had been watching his silent observations patiently. With a nod from Elrond, Erestor outlined a brief summary of the situation. "We were holding a minor meeting over the growing orc presence in the east, when a messenger from the elves traveling through the Baranduin brought grave tidings. Gildor Inglorion of the House of Finrod has come to know of dark events in the West and sought to ready us for the arrival of distressed travelers. A hobbit, Frodo Baggins, is carrying a burden of severe importance. However the enemy seeks him and that which he carries. He is without the guidance of his advisor, Gandalf the Grey, and is in desperate need of aid." Glorfindel frowned, lines appearing on his otherwise smooth face. "The Enemy? In what manner is he seeking the hobbit?" He did not like the growing tension lining Elrond's body, nor the darkening atmosphere within the room. Elrond's face hardened, his voice soft. "The Nine. The Nine are abroad." Glorfindel felt himself freeze, as if his body has been encased in ice. He took a few moments to collect himself, once more a flash of Eärnur's face crossing his mind, this time envisioning a tortured and dying king. He wrenched his mind away from the image and whispered, "The Nine? What could this little hobbit possess that the Nine hound his very footsteps?" Elrond met his gaze apologetically, as if he could read the heartache growing in Glorfindel's chest. "Gandalf asked me to keep this information to myself. When last he was here, he confided his suspicions that Master Baggins could be in possession of a great ring. And not just any, but the one. The one ring that Sauron longs the most to see in his control once more so that he can bring another era of darkness over these lands." The other elves in the room were as startled as Glorfindel. The Ring? The one coveted by Sauron that bound the fates of the other great rings into itself? Glorfindel's gaze lowered to look at Elrond's hand before tearing itself back to look at Elrond's face. "So, then, it has revealed itself. Sauron has gained considerable strength if his creation can hear its master's call." Glorfindel did not want to dwell on that thought. Whatever time the elves had believed they still had to strengthen their defenses was gone, and their doom was near at hand. The power of the three rings would not be enough to overpower Sauron's ring of power. Elrond shook his head in disagreement. "No, that is now how Sauron discovered its' whereabouts. The tale of the ring and how it came into Master Baggins' possession is long and arduous, and we do not have the time to share such information. Suffice to say, we must help Master Baggins reach Rivendell before he is overtaken." Glorfindel couldn't help but gape as a tinge of hope echoed in Elrond's voice and eyes. "What hope does a hobbit have to ride against the Nine?" "Hope?" Elrond gave the first smile to be seen during the course of the conversation. "My friend, hope travels with the young hobbit and his companions." "Estel." Glorfindel breathed the name, letting the true meaning fill him with hope and joy. "If Estel is with them…" "Yes, from other messengers I have learned he was keeping a watch over the Shire, probably on Gandalf's request. With Estel guiding them, they have a chance, small as it is, to reach the Ford. However they will need more than luck against the Nine." Elrond stood with both strength and grace shining through him, a strong elven lord that ruled Rivendell and protected its borders fiercely with a secret power only a few knew of. "Glorfindel, Elladan, Elrohir. Each of you pick a direction, north, south, and west, and look for them. Find them quickly and swiftly gain them passage across the Ford. Elrohir and Elladan, if you encounter the Nine, do not engage them. They are beyond your capabilities. As such, I ask you, Glorfindel, to take the road west. You will have the greater chance there not only to find Estel but any of the Nine. Think wisely before engaging." "You need not warn my, my Lord Elrond. Though I may be enough to give them chase, if I stand between the Witch King and the ring, I could spell my own doom. However," the golden-haired elf allowed a smile to color his face," I'm not really interested in visiting the Halls of Mandos again, so I will use caution against them. Do not fear for me." Elrond reached out and clasped his hand tightly. "I would be hard pressed to lose one of my closest advisors when the greatest decisions of our time must be made. Or to lost two precious sons for that matter." He looked at his two sons sternly. "You will not engage them. Are we clear?" Elrohir rolled his eyes while Elladan replied, "Of course Ada. We're well aware of the danger. We will return quickly. With Estel if we can find him. Though I feel it will be Glorfindel who finds and brings them back." Despite their slight irritation at their father's blatant over protectiveness, they each embraced their father tightly before withdrawing. Glorfindel waited patiently for the twins to leave before turning to Elrond and Erestor. "I suspect Estel will lead me on a merry chase on the wild, so do not look for my coming in the next two weeks. I fear some time will pass ere we reach the Ford." Elrond sighed deeply and sat down, gesturing for his two close advisors to join him. Grabbing three empty wine glasses, he placed them on his desk. Erestor popped open an old vintage wine and filled each glass before resealing the bottle. Clinking the glasses, they each exchanged a look before taking a sip. Setting down his glass, Elrond said, "More so I fear the actions of the enemy. They will not allow the ring to travel here unhindered. Glorfindel, again I ask you to carefully consider any engagements with your enemy. I remember Eärnur's disappearance with grief as much as you do, and I very much doubt the Witch King has forgotten you." Glorfindel stared at his glass of wine, swirled the dark liquid around in his glass before smiled sadly, "No matter how much I would desire to seek revenge against Eärnur's bane, I would not risk Estel or the hobbit. As it were, Eärnur would not have asked that of me either. Fear not, my friend. I will lock my grief away until such a time when, if it comes, I can face him on my own terms. And even then." Here, Glorfindel sighed. "I know the Witch King will not find his end at my hands. If I were to face him, it would end in his victory, not mine. So no, my Lord. I will only do all I can to aid the hobbit in his plight, nothing more beyond that." Erestor snorted, causing both Elrond and Glorfindel to look up. "I do not doubt you will help the hobbit, but do not think you have me fooled. You'll give everything and more, maybe even too much of yourself, to save the people most important for you. All we ask…" Erestor paused and looked into Glorfindel's eyes, piercing into Glorfindel's very mind. "All we ask is that you find your way back home, with your companions, safe." Whatever else Erestor had thought to say, he buckled down and looked back at his own glass of wine.