Rosalie's Mishap Chapter 1: Bad Idea Rosalie: I have so had it with that miserable, mangy loud-mouthed mutt getting by with everything and always taunting me. Even when we go back and forth with our banter, I'm the one who always gets caught and gets in trouble. I am so sick of him. He once again got me today when I was coming down the stairs and started in on the look on my face. He kept saying I was in a worse mood than usual by my expression. "Ha, look at the scowl on Rosie the Thorn Queen. She must have had a rabid raccoon last night for dinner and the effects are still showing up. Even her hair has black rings on it like the tail of a raccoon. Pull it back in a ponytail for us, Daniel Boone! Ha ha ha ha ha ha!" Jake went on. "Shut up you fox! You're just a wolf wannabe!" I said back to him. "Oooooo, I'm so insulted," Jake teased. "You're an insult to everyone in this house," I said sarcastically to him. "Rosalie! There is no need to get nasty," Dad said to me. Yep, as usual, I'm the one who gets yelled at and sent to my room or I'm the one who has to apologize. Of course, this is exactly what happened here. I had to apologize to the mutt for saying he was an insult. "Dad, he is an insult. He can insult me all he wants and when I say something back to him, I get in trouble," I said angrily. "He's just teasing you. You let him get to you. Ignore him and he will stop it," Dad said trying to once again end our bantering. "He will never stop aggravating me and you know it, Dad," I said to him. "Your mother and I are going into town for a little bit and I expect all of you to get along and stop this nonsense and act like a family for once. I want no mishaps while we are gone. If we come back and there have been any incidents whatsoever, those involved are answering to me in my study. Understood?" Dad said to all of us. "Yes Dad," we all answered him. Mom and Dad then left. I went up to my room and Bella, Edward, Jake, Jazz and Alice were in the living room talking. Emmett was in our room and was playing one of his stupid video games that have no interest to me whatsoever. I was stewing about getting told about bantering with Jake again and I was determined to do something to get back at him. He always comes out the victor and I'm always sent to my room. I decided since Mom and Dad are out, now is my chance to give him a scare. I always tease him about shaving his tail when he is in wolf form. I ordered a barber's trimmer and I am going to sneak downstairs and plug it in and act like I am going to shave his head. Too bad he is not in wolf form. Leah and Seth are out in wolf form doing a run. Jake didn't want to go this time. So he is in here acting like the mutt he actually is. Just so Alice doesn't get one of her visions of what I am up to. I am trying to block her. This going to be fun. I found my clipper that I received through the mail and Emmett was so engrossed in his video game, I'm not even sure he noticed I came in our room and was rummaging around in the closet. This is going to be perfect. I just have to go down the stairs and since this clipper runs on batteries, I can sneak up behind the mutt and pretend to shave a strip off the top of his head. Probably doesn't even work that well anyway. I went out into the hall and turned the clipper on to make sure it would at least make the noise and it turned on and it actually worked. Now I can go down and come up behind the mongrel and give him a scare that will send him reeling. Perfect, finally I get the upper hand in one of our many pranks. Walking down the stairs to the living room I hear all my brothers and sisters talking amongst themselves and not paying attention to what I am doing. Great, now I see the wolfhound sitting with his back towards me. Couldn't be more perfect if I had set it up myself. I'm going over to stand behind the mutt and get into the conversation. Here goes… "What are you talking about?" I asked the group of my siblings. "What's it to you Blondie? Everything we intelligent and non-blond people talk about is over your head anyway! Ha ha ha ha! Better put on your thinking cap if you want to join in with us! Ha ha ha ha ha!" Jake teased. "Oh, you think you're so smart! You don't know the first thing about an intelligent conversation since you turn into a vicious, snarling, rabid beast!" I said back to him. "Kiss my muzzle!" Jake said to me. I grabbed hold of his hair and he twisted away from me and phased into a wolf right in front of me. Alice and the others were laughing as he came around and stood snarling in front of me. I held the clipper up in front of me in a threatening pose and he lunged at me, knocking me down. Jake jumped on top of me and tried licking my face. I heard more growling and saw that Leah had come in, still phased as a wolf when she heard the growling from Jake. She quickly came over to assist knowing we were clowning. I quickly turned the clipper on and it buzzed. I grabbed hold of Jake and threw him to the side and grabbed his tail acting like I was going to shave it when he came at me with his head and I grabbed hold of his muzzle and brought my hand up and he quickly turned his head and the hand I had the clipper in, grazed the top of his head shaving about a 1 inch swipe across the top of his head. I couldn't believe this cheap clipper actually worked! Leah, seeing this, knocked me off of Jake and as I went to push her off of me, I brought my hand with the clipper up, she saw it and went to grab my hand in her muzzle, but I jerked it up and it also swiped a one inch swatch across the top of her head. She quickly tried to shake it off and my hand hit her in the side of the face and cut about a half-inch gash on the side of her face by her temple. Blood began gushing out. The others shrieked and Leah yelped and yipped and ran out the kitchen door to the garage. I stood up and Jake ran upstairs and phased back in his room. He then came running down. Edward, Bella, Jazz, Alice and Seth went running out to check on Leah. I joined them and noticed the trail of blood drops leading all the way to the forest line where each of the wolves keep their change of clothing. I was shaking I was so scared. The others all turned to look at me with horror-struck faces. Emmett then came down from upstairs wondering what all the fuss was about. "I-I didn't mean it," I said to them. "You did it now," Edward said to me. "Leah's bleeding, I hope she's okay," Bella said. "You better not have hurt her," Seth said to me. "Rosalie, you shaved a strip off their hair on the top of their heads! You better hope it's not going to show," Alice said. "Oh no! I didn't mean to do it, they bumped into the clipper," I tried explaining. "That doesn't excuse it, Rosie," Jasper said to me. "We'll see when they come back," Edward said. "HEY! Look what you did to me!" Jake shouted coming in now clothed. There was a loud gasp from everyone. "Rosalie! Look what you did to him," Bella said aghast. "I-I'm sorry Jake, I-I didn't mean to do that," I said trying to apologize. "If he looks like that, what will Leah look like?" Jazz asked out loud. "I can't see a vision because the wolves are near," Alice said. "What a stupid thing to do. You ruined their hair and you cut Leah," Edward said angrily. "I didn't mean to," I said again. "But you did! You better hope Leah fared better than Jake because Jake looks…ah…Jake…uh…" Edward stuttered out trying to find the words. "Jake looks what…" Jake asked. "It looks awful! Looks like you're trying to invent a new hairstyle," Bella said to Jake. "Thanks a lot mop head, you ruined my hair and looks. How long will this take to grow back in, I wonder," Jake said. "I'm sorry Jake…" I tried apologizing again. "Save it," Jake said walking outside looking for any sign of Leah. "I think I see Leah coming," Seth said. "Leah, come here so we can see how bad you are cut," Edward said to her. She slowly made her way over to us holding her head. Blood was dripping through her fingers. I could see she was crying and was afraid to look to see what she looked like. It was bad. She had an inch-wide swatch of hair shaved across the middle of her head on the top. Blood was streaming down her face from the deep cut that was made by the clippers. As she neared, I felt terrible seeing her. The others all looked in shock at Leah and then at me. "Rosalie, look what you did," Seth said angrily to me. "Leah, let me see that," Edward said. Leah walked toward Edward still holding her head with blood running down her fingers, hand and side of her face. "That looks bad, it needs stitches," Edward said. "Let me put this paper towel on it to stop the bleeding," Bella said walking toward Leah. "No, let me alone, I want to be alone for a minute. I'll be okay," Leah said beginning to cry more. "Leah…I-I'm sorry…I-I didn't mean it…" I tried to say to her. "Go away Rose," Leah said as she turned from me and started heaving and sobbing in the garage. "Let's give her a minute," Alice said. We all turned to walk back into the house. "I didn't mean it…" Rosalie said again. "Man, you did it now Rosie," Emmett said to her. "Look what you did to Lulu! Wait until Dad sees that. You're in for it big time," Jake pointed out. "What'd ya have to do that for?" Seth asked with anger in his voice. "I was just playing a joke on Jake, and…and…" Rose tried to say. "And you messed Jake's hair and not only did you mess up Leah's hair, but you hurt her also," Bella said to Rosalie. "Don't all of you go attacking my Rosie," Emmett said. "Who should we attack, you, ya dunce? She did it!" Jake spat at him. "Shut up Jake," Emmett said. "Look what she did to me? How would you like it?" Jake growled at Emmett. "Ya'll better shut up cause guess who just pulled in the garage?" Jasper said to them. "Oh no," Rose said out loud. "It's Mom and Dad; you're history," Seth said to Rose. "Rosebush you're gonna get it good for this one," Jake said. In the garage: Carlisle: Pulling into the garage Esme and I noticed Leah standing alone and she seemed to be crying and she was also holding her head. I noticed