A/N: This story follows "Renovating the Lodge". Bella and Edward are married and Bella is a vampire. Leah, Seth and Jake have been adopted by the Cullen's and Billy lives with them also. He also spends a couple of weeks or just days at the Lodge now and then. Charlie and Sue's wedding is coming up fast and Alice is in her glory planning it, although she drives the others crazy at times with her planning. This story will involve Carlisle as the head of the Covens around the world since he is so respected in the Vampire world. It will also contain disciplinary spanking so don't read it if you don't like that. I unfortunately do not own the wonderful characters in this story as Stephenie Meyer created them and they belong to her, so does the entire Twilight Saga. Thankfully she allows us to use them and put our spin on them. Chapter 1 – Feelings Carlisle: Going through my mail and checking my emails is a relaxing time for me. Since completing the Lodge things have been going fairly smoothly. Bella is settling in as a newborn vampire and she has been doing better but she still gets antsy and rebels against my rules now and then, but not as bad as before. She is not allowed to go out on her own yet, but she has been doing well with Edward and the rest of us chaperoning her. Jake, Leah and Seth are doing well and if you didn't know it, you would think they have been with us all along. They have settled into our family and consider Esme and me their parents. They still have their biological parents involved with their lives, but they now consider this their home. Jake and Billy are doing well. Billy lives with us and Jake is happy he is here, but sometimes Jake wishes it was like before and Billy lived away from here. Rosalie and Billy are still close and Jake seems to encourage that relationship so Billy is not always on him. Leah and Seth are another story. With Sue and Charlie's wedding coming up, they are having a hard time dealing with this as Sue is going to leave their family home and move in with Charlie. Charlie has to live in Forks since he is the Police chief and must retain a residence in Forks. Sue doesn't mind moving but Leah and Seth have a problem with this. They feel she is abandoning their home and Harry's memory. We have been dealing with this since the adoption and since Sue announced she and Charlie were going to marry. They have a problem with Charlie coming into their family in a step-father role. They have no problem considering me as their father, but they cannot accept Charlie in that role. It has to do with Charlie being friends with Harry. Tempers can get short and when Alice brings up the wedding and what will be done or not done, Leah and Seth get upset and have hurt Sue's feelings more than once. They also can disrespect Charlie which then insights Bella and then we have a 3-ring circus! So you understand now why going through my mail and checking emails is relaxing for me. Gets me out of the line of fire. Today in a few minutes, Sue is due to come over and have a meeting with Alice, Esme, Rosalie, Leah and Bella on the wedding. Seth is supposed to be there too but I am sure that will only be about 5 minutes and Seth wisely finds an excuse to leave. I am staying in my office but I will be on hand if things get heated between Sue, Leah and Bella. There is sure to be some type of disagreement. I hear Sue pulling up now. I guess it's only a matter of time before the fireworks begin. Esme: "Hello Sue, welcome. Can I get you something to drink?" I asked her. "Some water would be nice," Sue said. "Leah, get your mother some water, please," I called to her. "Sure, I'll bring it in," Leah called out. "Alice will take you into the study where we are meeting," I said to Sue. Alice happily guided Sue to the study and Bella and Rosalie greeted her also. I made my way into the kitchen to catch Leah before we went into the meeting. Leah was getting a glass out and put ice cubes in it and just grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge. "Leah, sweetie, before we go into the meeting, please try to cooperate and have an open mind for your mother. This is important to her and please don't upset her with your feelings for Charlie," I said carefully trying not to incite something. "I'll try Mom but it won't be easy. I'm still not happy about all of this. I hate that she is leaving our house and I still can't look at Charlie as anything but a friend. I'll never accept him as a stepfather," Leah said strongly. "Baby, I just want this meeting to be good for Sue. I don't want a scene and I hope you can look past Charlie becoming your stepfather and realize this is what your mother wants. They make each other happy," I pointed out to her. "But I'm not happy Mom. Why does she have to keep insisting he will be our stepfather? I can't stand that. I'm almost okay about her leaving the house, but she keeps shoving the stepfather bit down my and Seth's throats and we hate it," Leah said. "Sweetie, she just wants you to accept him," I said to her. "I will never accept him as a stepfather. Seth and I have a family now, it's you and Dad and our siblings. She will always be our mother, but this is now our family. I don't need a stepfather, I have Dad in my life and both Seth and I are content with him and you," Leah said. "Baby it warms my heart to hear that you feel part of the family now, but you can't forget your mother and you have to at least accept Charlie as her husband after the wedding," I tried to point out. "Considering my father's friend as my mother's husband doesn't sit well with me. It's like he is moving in on my father's memory…Harry's memory, not Dad's," Leah said sharply. "Leah, Charlie did not move in on Harry's memory and you know it. It took a while for Charlie and your mother to get together," I pointed out. "I still don't like it and I'll tell her if it comes up," Leah said glaring at me. "Don't you give me that glare, Young Lady," I said sternly to her. "I'm just giving you a head's up," Leah said to me. "Leah, please don't make me call your father into this meeting to deal with you," I warned her. "You wouldn't," Leah said to me. "I most certainly would and you know he will not be happy and you also know that you causing a scene would also incite Bella, so be careful, missy," I warned her again. "I-I'll try to keep myself under control, Mom," Leah agreed. "That's all I ask, Baby," I said and kissed her forehead. "Now come on, we are keeping them waiting," I said ushering her into the study. In the Study: "Nice of you to join us! What took so long?" Rosalie said sarcastically. "Rosalie, please," I said to her. She shook her head but let it drop. "Okay, Sue, I have your dress ordered and it should be arriving any day now. When it comes I will call you and we will see how it fits so we can get it altered in time for the wedding," Alice said anxiously. "I'm excited to see it," Sue offered. "Leah, are you looking forward to seeing my dress?" "I guess," Leah answered with hardly any emotion. Sue cast her eyes down and looked a little upset. I gave Leah a look and she knew what I meant. "Well, of course she is, Sue. We'll have a great girls' afternoon when it arrives so we can all see it together. Won't that be fun?" Alice asked. "Yes, I'm looking forward to it," Sue agreed. "Allie, can you get to my part in the meeting so I can get away from all this girl talk," Seth said with dread and boredom. We all chuckled at him. "What's the matter Cubbie? Afraid you might end up in lace?" Rosalie teased him. "Mom make her stop," Seth said to me. "Sethy, she's only teasing you," I said trying to placate him. "I'm not so sure about that, it looks like it gave Allie an idea," Seth said motioning to Alice who was temporarily lost in a vision or something. "Alice, what is it?" I asked her. "Uh…nothing Mom…just a little bump in the way," Alice said a little worried. I looked at Alice and she indicated with her eyes toward Leah who had her mind elsewhere and wasn't even paying attention now as her mother was showing her excitement. I let out a small sigh that Rosalie and Bella caught and instantly looked over at Leah. I could already see Bella's rage beginning. This isn't going to be good…Rosalie nudged Bella to snap her out of her mood that was beginning to form. Bella looked at her and then at me and I shook my head slightly to her to indicate she better not act out. She nodded her head in the slightest way so she would not tip off Sue. "So, Seth you will be walking your mother down the aisle and Leah will be the maid of honor, and Bella will be the bridesmaid. Everyone on board with that?" Alice asked. "What do I have to do? I don't have to talk or anything like that, do I?" Seth asked worried. "No silly, you just walk your mother down the aisle and give her hand to Charlie," Alice explained. "Ugh," Leah uttered to which Bella quickly eyed her. "What does that mean?" Bella asked. "What?" Leah replied. "You make it sound like Seth is handing Sue off to someone awful," Bella said. "I just cleared my throat," Leah came back. "No you didn't," Bella said with a little more anger. "Is that all I do?" Seth asked. "Yes, then you step back and take your seat. Then they will be married," Alice added. "Oh joy," Leah said sarcastically. "Ahem," I said purposely now glaring at Leah and Bella. Both of them looked at me and didn't add any more fuel to the brewing fire. "I guess I can handle that," Seth said. "Can I go now?" "Yes, you can leave," Alice said. With that Seth scampered out of the room and out the door to join his brothers. Outside in the yard: Carlisle: I looked down from my study to see my boys in the yard talking and having fun. I watched them for a bit and then I noticed Seth come charging out of the house and the others giving him a hard time about being in the meeting. They were teasing him and asking him what took him so long. I couldn't help but chuckle along with them. I watched for a little more and then decided I needed to go down there and remind them that the yard work will not take care of itself. This is Saturday and they need to mow the grass and do the yard work. I opened my door to the forest from my study and jumped down startling my male brood. "Hey, it's Pops," Emmett called out pointing toward me. "Brilliant deduction and you got it right on the first try! Congratulations, Emmett!" Jake said slapping him on the back. "Ha, too bad Uncle Billy is