Chapter 1 – The Invitation Bella: The mailman came and I went out the front door to bring it in for Mom. Dad was at the hospital and everyone else was in the living room except Jake, Seth and Emmett. They got in trouble with Mom and were weeding and watering her garden. I looked at the mail and found what looked like an invitation and it was from the Lodge and the Pack. I took it in to the living room to share with everyone. Billy was in the downstairs study talking with Sam who had come over to discuss some things with him regarding the Pack. "Hey, we got some kind of invitation from the Pack," I said opening the envelope. "The Pack? Why would they send an invitation through the mail?" Edward asked. "Yeah, Sam's here, he could have brought it to us," Rosalie said. In the study: Billy & Sam: "So, glad to be back home?" Sam asked Billy. "Yes, I enjoy my time at the Lodge, but I really miss it here when I'm away," Billy admitted. "You really miss being here that much?" Sam wondered. "Yes, its home now and I miss the kids and the goings on here. There's never a dull moment," Billy said grinning. "There isn't a dull moment at the Lodge either," Sam said. "Did I just hear my name mentioned," Sam asked. "Yes, let's go see what is going on," Billy said wheeling out to the living room with Sam right behind him. Living Room: Bella: "What's it for," Alice asked. "It's an invitation to a Halloween Party," I said quickly reading the invitation. "Who wrote this out? You can tell it's from the Pack," Bella laughed. "Did I hear my name mentioned?" Sam asked behind Billy. "Yeah, why didn't you just bring the invitation with you instead of mailing it?" Rosalie asked. "We wanted it to be a surprise," Sam explained. "Mission Accomplished," Rosalie said. "Let me see it," Edward said reaching for it. When he read it he started laughing. "You're right, babe." "Read it out loud, Edward," Mom said to us. "It says: 'Hellowean Parti at Lodge – Halowean Night – Come dressed – No Rif Raf!" Edward spelled out the way the words were written. "This is hilarious!" Edward laughed holding it up. "Come Dressed, what a bunch of goofballs," Rosalie said laughing with him. "I take it they mean costumes?" Jasper asked. "OOOooooooo, a party and a Halloween one at that. This will be so much fun," Alice said getting excited and clapping her hands. "Billy did you know about this," Mom asked him. "Yes, but I was sworn to secrecy. I see those boys need some lessons in spelling," Billy said shaking his head. "We have to go to this, wait till Jake and Emmett find out about this," Jasper said. "Call them in, Ali," Edward said to Alice. "Okay," Alice said flashing to the door. Not long after we heard them coming in the house. "What is it?" Jake asked. "You're stopping progress. We're up to our necks in weeds out there." "I'm ready for a break," Seth said. "We're going to a Halloween party," Alice said to them. "When?" Emmett asked. "Halloween night," Alice answered. "But that's Halloween," Emmett said. "No kidding," Jake said rolling his eyes. "Jacob, you know Carlisle does not like when you do that," Billy said to him. "Come on, did you hear what he said," Jake said to Billy. "Jake, mind your father," Mom said to him. "Which one?" Jake asked her. "Both of them. Don't get smart," Mom warned him. "What should we go as," Alice asked. "Huh?" Emmett asked. "We have to dress up," Alice explained. "You mean like in a Tux?" Emmett asked. "Yeah, that's what it means Em. Were you by chance born on a full moon?" Jake asked him. "No, I was born here on Earth. I think it was a full earth that day too," Emmett said to Jake. "Oh no, you're definitely from a different planet?" Jake said shaking his head in disbelief. "Yeah, Uranus!" Edward said. "Momma did you hear what Edward said? Good thing Pops didn't hear that one," Emmett said to Mom. "I don't get it," Seth said. "Sound it out," Jake said to him. "Ur-a-…oh brother," Seth said catching on and laughing. "That actually was a good one," Billy laughed. "You people," Mom said shaking her head. "So what do we go as," Alice asked again. "Why do we have to wear a Tux?" Emmett said. "No idiot, they want us to dress in costume," Jake explained. "Hey, don't call my Emmy an idiot," Rosalie said to Jake. "Then you call him one," Jake said to her. "Shut up you…" Rosalie said. "Children please," Mom said stopping the brewing word war. "How about we go as nursery rhymes," Alice suggested. "Come off it," Jake said horrified. "Leah and Seth, you could be Hansel and Gretel," Alice said to them. "I don't want to be that, that's too kiddish," Seth said. "I don't want to be that either," Leah said. "What would you go as," Jake asked her. "Jazzy and I could go as Jack and Jill," Alice said proudly. "We can take a pail of water." "Yeah, cause you're both pale! Get it, pale/pail," Jake laughed. "Oh you're just a riot," Rosalie said sneering at Jake. "You could go as the wicked witch who wants to eat Hansel and Gretel," Jake said to Rose. "You could go as road kill," Rosalie said back to him. "How about Leah goes as Bo Peep and Jake and Seth as the sheep," Alice suggested. "No way, we're not going as sheep," Jake said. "Yeah come on," Seth said agreeing with Jake. "Why not?" Jasper asked. "Cause sheep are beneath us," Jake said. "We're wolves and proud of it." "Jake you should go as the black sheep," Rosalie snickered. "You should go as a banshee," Jake came back. "Stop it you two," Mom told them again. "Mom, you're as bad as Dad," Jake said to her. "Mom, what would you go as," Edward asked. "I'm thinking the old woman who lived in a shoe and had so many children she didn't know what to do," Mom said. "How could anyone live in a shoe?" Emmett asked now rolling his eyes. "Were you ever a kid?" Jake said to him. "I think so, but I grew out of it," Emmett said laughing. "Now that was a good one," Jake admitted. "What are you going as Sam?" Bella asked him. "I got it, a tattletale." "Bella," Mom cautioned me. "Emily and I were thinking of going as the two lovers from our tribe long ago who died after falling over the cliff. There are stories that on certain foggy nights, they still roam the woods trying to find their way. It's a legend," Sam said. "I never heard of that legend before," Jake said. "Not many people talk about it since it is so tragic," Billy said. "The Elders don't want many people to know about it because then we will have people roaming through the woods trying to see their spirits." "What happened," Alice asked. "They were in love and she was the chief's daughter and was betrothed to another warrior. But the daughter fell in love with another warrior and they were out at night and were going to run off together but it was such a dark and foggy night, they couldn't see 6 inches in front of them and they lost their way and fell off the cliffs and were both killed," Billy explained. "Oh, how sad," Alice said. "That sounds like a movie," Jake said "How awful," Mom said. "We were thinking of going as nursery rhyme characters," Alice said. "You mean you were thinking of us going as nursery rhyme characters," Jake said to her. "Well who do you want to go as then?" Alice asked. "I'm going as Rosalie. That will be easy. Plunk a mop head on me for hair and put a ton of make-up on like you're going to be laid out in a casket," Jake laughed. "Then I'm going as you," Rosalie said. "As myself or as a wolf?" Jake asked her. "Both," Rosalie said. "How are you going to do that?" Jake asked. "The front half of me is going to be you in your hideous human form, and the back of me is going to be you as a goat," Rosalie said. "A goat! You take that back," Jake said to her. "It will be like you are phasing from the back end first. You always lead with your butt anyway," Rosalie sneered at him. "Listen ghoul girl, all you have to do is say, 'trick or treat' and people run," Jake said gloating at her. "Momma, do you have any moth-eaten old fur coats I can cut up and make a mangy wolf coat out of?" Rosalie asked Mom. "I'm sure I do, I'll have to check my closet," Mom said. "Hey, you better do my coat justice," Jake said. "Mom, you don't happen to have a skunk fur do you?" Rosalie asked smirking at him. "Hey, that's below the belt," Jake said to Rose. "Of course not," Mom said to her. "You two stop your jabs at one another." "What are you going as Uncle Billy," Jasper asked. "I want to go as a hearse," Billy said. "A hearse?" Everyone said shocked. "Yes, a hearse. I have the wheels, someone needs to make the back end of me," Billy said grinning. "How do you propose we do that?" Jake asked him. "Quit your arguing and teasing each other and work together and come up with an idea and a plan and build it and make it work. I'll be anxious to see it when you're done," Billy said to us all. "Thanks a lot, we have to do our own costumes," Jake said. "That won't take long," Billy said to them. "That's brilliant Billy," Mom said congratulating him. "Thought you and Carlisle might like that. It will keep them busy," Billy agreed. "By the way Jasper, what or who are you going as?" Billy asked him. "I'm going as Papa. I'm going to borrow a lab coat from him and all I need is a stethoscope around my neck and a can of hair spray in my pocket," Jasper said. Everyone laughed. "Why a can of hair spray," Sam asked. "Cause Papa takes forever in the morning when he's getting ready to go the hospital and he uses practically a can of hairspray a day to keep his hair perfect," Jazz said. "He's not kidding," Edward said to Sam. "He's not, I've seen it," Billy said. "I didn't know Uncle Carl was that vain with his hair," Sam said snickering. "Oh you have no idea," Rosalie said giggling. "I'm going as Mom then," Leah said. "Which one," Seth asked her. "This Mom," Leah said pointing to Esme. "Oh Sweetie, that's wonderful. I'll help you," Mom said to her. "What about you Bella and Edward?" Sam asked them. "I'm going as Emmett," Edward said laughing. "That won't be hard, all you have to do is act like an idiot," Jake said laughing. At that, Rosalie flung a pillow and it hit Jake right in the face. He pulled it down and glared at her. She just smirked and flung her blond hair back happy with her perfect throw. Jake was getting ready to retaliate when Mom intervened. "Jacob, don't you dare throw that pillow again," Mom warned him. "You're time's coming Petal-puss," Jake said smirking back at her. "How about you Bella," Billy asked. "I'm going as Alice. I'm taking a bunch of outfits and every five minutes, I'm going to change into another one," I laughed. "Just make sure you do me justice and make sure everything matches from the top to the shoes including belts