The characters in this story are from the "Twilight" series and are owned by Stephenie Meyer. I'm just using them and helping to keep Twilight alive for us fans! NOTE: This story takes place after Bella and Edward have married and before my story, "Bella's Vampire Life Lessons". Bella is still human and Edward and the rest of the Cullen's have decided to take a trip to Denali and go visit the Denali Cousins. Esme, Alice and Rosalie are mainly going to shop with Carmen. The men along with Eleazar are going big animal hunting before it snows too much. Bella was going to go, but she came down with a cold. Carlisle has to stay at home because of the hospital and since Leah, Jake and Seth are now Cullen Wolves, but have not yet been adopted. They have school and Carlisle insisted that Bella remain at home since she is sick and still human. He does not feel Bella would be safe with Garrett still getting used to their way of life. Since there is no Renesmee in my story, the battle with the Volturi never happened. However, Tanya, Kate and Irina stopped by for a visit one time when Garrett happened to be there to visit Carlisle and that is how he met Kate, in my stories anyway. This story will contain disciplinary spanking so consider yourself warned. If you don't like this type of story, move on and find a different story you will enjoy better. I was asked to write a story with Bella still being human and touch on Carlisle as the superb physician he is. Hope you enjoy it… Chapter 1 – Doctor's Orders Bella: Well here I am again, stuck at home while Edward and the rest of the Cullen family are visiting our Denali Cousins again. I was going to get to go along, but I came down with this miserable cold and of course, Dad who is overprotective of me anyway, decreed I was not allowed to go since I was feeling under the weather. He was also concerned that since I am still human and in a weakened condition with being sick with a cold, I might be too much of a temptation for Garrett, who met Kate through Dad, and he is still getting accustomed to following the vegetarian diet as a vampire. Of course Dad couldn't go since he had to remain with the hospital and also because Jake and Seth are still in school and Leah is now in nursing school. Needless to say I am miffed that I could not go along with Edward and if I thought Dad was overprotective and strict with me before Edward and I got married, he is even worse now. Now I really am a Cullen and he and Mom think of me as a daughter and not a daughter-in-law. If that's not bad enough, now I got this stupid cold and I'm not supposed to go outside because it is damp and cold and Dad said I will become even sicker if I go out in this weather. So not only did I not get to go along to Alaska, I'm not allowed to leave the house and it's not even a punishment. Of all the luck, I sure seem to get the short end of the deal at times. I am so sick of our room, the living room, the kitchen, the den, the bathroom, and of course that horrid study of Dad's also known to us victims of it, as the 'Room of Doom', 'Torture Chamber' (Dad despises that one), 'Smack Shack', or any other name we can come up with. Dad hates when we call it anything other than his study and if we are really in for it, we don't push our luck and taunt him by calling it anything other than the study. Of course it has to be raining today and I can't even step out on the porch or Dad will somehow find out. He is at the hospital, but he calls periodically to check on me and make sure I am obeying and staying indoors. Jake, Seth and Leah are in school. Lucky them. I'm so bored…maybe I can just step outside for a few minutes…oh no, the phone is ringing. Gee, I wonder who that is! How does he know just when to call… "Hi Dad," I said answering the phone. "Hi Sweetheart, how are you feeling?" Dad asked me. "The same as the last time you called me," I answered. "Bel-la, don't get smart," Dad warned. "I wasn't…it's just…Dad can't I just go outside for a few minutes?" I whined to him. "No, it's raining, cold and damp out. You stay put in the house or we will have a little discussion when I get home, Young Lady," Dad warned again. "Ugh, I never get a break," I said with disgust. "Just until you are feeling better, sweetie. Now do as I say, remember I'm your doctor and your father!" Dad said with a firm voice. "How could I forget," I laughed into the phone. "Talk to you later, Baby girl, and Bella…" Dad said. "Yes sir?" "Do not go outside," Dad said sternly again, emphasizing the not! "Okay, but don't be shocked if you come home to a caged animal," I chuckled on the phone. "That will make four of you," Dad laughed back. He always gets the last word! After I hung up with Dad, I made myself some lunch. I didn't feel real hungry so I made a can of soup. It went down good on this cool, damp day. I cleaned the kitchen and my dishes and went to the den to see if I could find something on TV. My phone rang and it was Edward. We talked for about a half hour and then Emmett and Jasper were on him to go out hunting again. They were having a ball. He said he missed me and wished I was feeling better. I hung up after we said goodbye really missing him and feeling even bluer. After finding nothing worth watching on TV but cooking shows, which didn't interest me since feeling under the weather, I noticed it had stopped raining and the sun was peeking through. Gathering up my courage, I decided I would just step outside to feel the warm sun on me for once. It's always so gloomy, any chance in the sun is worth the risk of having Dad call and me not answering. I can always say I was in the restroom. I stepped out into the glorious sunshine and it felt wonderful. It was still cool outside and everything was still wet, but the porch and concrete steps were dry. I sat down and soaked in the sun. I took a deep breath and immediately got a coughing spell. Better not try that again. Good thing Dad didn't hear that. I decided to walk down the steps and walk a little in the yard where the sun was shining. It felt so good to get out of the house. I pushed my luck a little further and walked toward the woods in the back of the house to a sunny spot and sat down on the grass. It was wet and my jeans in the back got damp. I got up and walked a few more places and before I knew it, I was near the meadow Edward and I always frequent. There is one spot where there is a rock that I like to sit on. I sat on it and closed my eyes to the breeze and soaked in the sun lying on the rock like a lizard sunning itself. I don't remember how long I was there but I eventually sat on the grass under the rock since it had dried off and lazed away the afternoon. I had myself convinced if Dad called, I would say I was taking a nap and didn't hear the phone. After a bit, I did just that and fell soundly asleep in the warm sunny air. Carlisle at the Hospital: I have tried several times now to reach Bella and she has not picked up. I called her cell and the house phone which tells me she is either taking a nap and is deeply asleep or she left the house. I certainly hope the latter is not the case. If I can't reach her soon, I will have to go home but I only have an hour left of my shift. The hour passed quickly and I am on my way to my car and I still cannot reach Bella. I am heading home. Driving home I again called her when stopped for a train and no response. I can't imagine where Jake and Seth are, but they may be hanging out with some of the Pack at La Push. I am pulling in the drive now and I can see Jake and Seth are home. I quickly turned the car off and got out. It has clouded over again and got colder and now it is raining steadily but not that hard. Surely Bella did not go out in this. Her car is here. "Hey Daddy Vamp, how many sick people did you cure?" Jake asked smiling while eating a sandwich. "Everyone except now," I said giving him a look. "Don't spoil your supper," I warned him. "Who do you think you're talking to? Have you ever seen me not be able to eat?" Jake asked laughing. "Come to think of it, no. Where's your sister?" I asked him. "Which one? Two of them are gone to Alaska, which by the way, we wolf children have never been invited to visit, and one is at nursing school and Bella's upstairs I guess," Jake said. "No she's not. I've been calling here all afternoon and she hasn't picked up either her cell or the house phone," I said to him. "Uh oh, Bella's in trouble. Never have your phone off," Seth said teasingly. "We were at school all day so why would we know where Bella is. See, if you didn't make us go to school, we would know where Bella is. I vote we get to quit school," Jake said happily. "Yes, you'd like that," I said to Jake giving him a cross look. "You bet I would, so how about it?" Jake asked grinning from ear to ear. "How about I give you a nice warm backside on this cold, rainy day so you will come to your senses," I warned Jake. "He's always so dramatic," Jake said to Seth. Seth just laughed. "BELLA!" I called out and received no answer. "Now I'm worried. She was still not feeling well and I told her she could not go outside. I'll go check her room," I said as I flashed up the stairs and entered an empty room where I should see Bella. I then flashed back down. "Wow that was quick!" Seth said stunned. "What's wrong?" Leah asked coming in through the garage. "Bella is not here and she was not supposed to leave the house since she is sick," I said sternly. "Oh boy, not a wise thing to do, Bella," Leah said thinking out loud. "Yeah, she's in for it now," Seth said looking concerned. "Come on, we need to go look for her," I said to my two wolf sons. "Leah, you stay here in case she comes home and was possibly with one of her friends and make sure you call me," I said to Leah. "Yes Dad, I'll call you right away if she comes home," Leah promised. "Let's go, boys," I said to Jake and Seth. "Phase into wolves and search for her," I instructed them. "Sure Dad, I'll phase after changing out of my clothes," Seth agreed. "Dad Vamp, maybe you should check the meadow," Jake said