Hey, readers, I wrote this as a sort of sequel to my "A Father's Warm Embrace" one-shot. But do not fret, it can stand alone. It might become a mini-series of one-shots but I'm not sure yet. Please feel free to check out my other stories, I would be honored to know what my loyal readers think. I hope you enjoy this story, and please review (although make sure they are polite and kind, not flames or bullying allowed, just constructive criticism and polite reviews are allowed, rude and flame reviews will be reported or deleted respectively...so think before you speak). Hope to hear what you think, the little button to tell me is at the bottom (PM reviews are acceptable too :]). So thanks for reading and see you soon! Xoxo~Creaturess of the Night~. Disclaimer: I do not own anything Twilight related, I just own the plot bunny of this story and the computer that typed and posted it Bella stepped off the stairs nervously. She didn't want to have this conversation with her dad, they weren't good at these things and she figured she already knew his answer, but she couldn't help the little bubble of hope that went through her. She entered the kitchen to see her dad sitting there with a cup of coffee and the newspaper open in front of him. He said "Morning Bells." as he looked over the top of the paper at her. She answered "Morning dad. I gotta talk to you for a minute." She sat down across from him and he said "Shoot." He put the paper down on the table in front of him and gave her his full attention and she tried not to fidget nervously. She said "The school is having a father/daughter dance next weekend to fundraise for our Senior trip and I was hoping you would go with me." Charlie bit his lip and answered "I'm sorry Bells, but I already said I would cover the night shift that weekend." Bella hid the hurt that coursed through her and she lied "That's fine, I just thought it would be some good bonding time for us. But I should have told you sooner, my bad." Charlie smiled sadly and answered "We will find something else to do when I get a weekend off. Promise. I'm really sorry Bella." She gave him a fake happy smile and said "That sounds like a fun weekend already. It's fine dad really." She stood up and grabbed her bag before heading out the door for school. As she got into the truck she let the tears she was holding back slide down her cheeks as she put her old truck into gear and headed towards the school. While she drove she berated herself for letting her get her hopes up that her father would actually go with her. She wiped the tears away as she pulled into the parking lot and parked in her normal spot. Edward met her at her door and opened it for her like a gentleman. She grabbed her bag and hopped out of the truck. He asked "Everything okay Bella?" She nodded and reassured "Fine." She didn't want to tell him that she was basically being a little girl and crying over nothing. He looked at her but didn't push, knowing that she was too stubborn to reveal any information that way. As the dance got closer and closer, Bella got more upset that she wouldn't be going with her dad. She knew that Jessica and Angela were expecting her there and she would be basically interrogated by the former if she didn't show up. It was the day before the dance and Bella was absolutely miserable. Angela and Jessica were chatting and babbling about the dance tomorrow and how cool it was going to be, and how it brought back good memories from childhood. Bella didn't say anything and didn't know that Edward had noticed her sadness and was hoping that she would have opened up by now. Edward whispered in her ear "Do you want to come home with me after school?" Bella nodded; looking for an excuse not to face her dad when she was trying to pretend to be so nonchalant about missing the dance. Jessica asked "So Bella, what are you wearing to the dance tomorrow?" Bella shifted uncomfortably and answered "I can't go." Jessica frowned and asked "How come? I thought you and your dad got along?" Bella bit her lip and answered "He's working the night shift this weekend…" Jessica said "That bites." She turned her attention back to the others and started talking animatedly again about the dance and Bella swallowed her tears. The day passed by slowly for Bella as she tried not to break down in tears the whole time. As Edward drove her back to the Cullen house Bella chewed on her lip and let her thoughts wander. This wasn't the first time that her father had missed events like this and she wondered why it was affecting her so much now. She shook the thoughts away as they pulled into the long driveway and up to the expansive house. She got out of her truck and Edward got out alongside her. He grabbed her hand and she smiled at him as they entered the house. She was greeted with a warm hug from Esme and she smiled at her. Esme said "Hello Bella dear. It's always good to see you." Bella smiled and answered "Hey Esme. It's always great to be here." Esme smiled and went out to the garden to start working on it. She saw all the other Cullens sitting in the living room doing their own individual thing, but she noticed that Carlisle was missing and guessed that he was probably at work. Edward led her over to the couch where she sat with her head leaning against his shoulder. She noticed Jasper look at her with an eyebrow raised and she stared back at him intensely trying to convey that she didn't want Edward to know. He nodded almost imperceptibly before turning back to the video game with Emmett. Alice looked at Bella and asked "Are you spending the night?" Bella answered "If it's okay with you guys." All the Cullens rolled their eyes fondly at her for even questioning that and she said "Okay, then I will call Charlie later." She didn't want to admit that she was grateful to have an extended time period away from him for right now. She watched Jasper and Emmett play their game and Edward played with her hair, she decided to get some alone time and sort through her emotions. She knew that she needed to figure out what she was feeling and face it. She sat up and said "I'm going to take a walk." Edward looked at her oddly before answering "Okay Bella. Just call me if you need anything." She nodded before slipping out the back door and walking away from the house. Once she got a good distance away from the house she sat down in the grass and watched the running water in the creek out back. She heard someone sit down next to her and she saw it was Jasper, she figured that he was going to be the one to follow her. He asked "What's got you so down Bella?" She looked at the water beneath her and mumbled "It's so stupid." Jasper answered "If it has you this upset, it is most definitely not dumb or stupid, no matter what it is." Bella sighed and said "I wanted to go to the father/daughter dance with Charlie tomorrow night but he can't because he has to work the late shift. He misses events like this all the time and I'm crying over it like a little girl, I should be used to it." Jasper said "Bella, just because it happens a lot does not mean that it won't hurt. And it's okay to cry and be upset over it. It hurts your feelings and you need a way to express that." She sighed "I just...I don't know Jasper. I really wanted to go and have a great time to bond with my dad you know?" Jasper nodded and answered "I understand Bella." She looked behind her when Jasper turned his attention to something behind them. She blushed when she saw Carlisle walking towards them and she wondered how much he had heard. Jasper smiled reassuringly at her and said "I will leave you two to talk. But I'm here if you need anything." She smiled at him as he kissed her cheek and went back to the house. Carlisle sat down next to her and said "Hey Bella. Edward said you were out here with Jasper." She answered "Hey dad. Yeah, I needed some time to myself and Jasper came to check on me." Carlisle asked "Did you want me to leave you to yourself then?" She looked into his topaz colored eyes and shook her head. His presence relaxed and calmed her and she wanted him to stay so she didn't have to deal with the turmoil of emotions running through her. She asked "How much of my conversation with Jasper did you hear?" He answered "I didn't hear any of it." She looked at him and saw that he was indeed telling her the truth and she bit her lip. He asked "What's going on Bella? Everything okay?" She looked up at him and chewed her lip again. He asked "Is Lauren bullying you again?" She shook her head and answered "No, Jessica is being nice now, but I don't trust her. It has nothing to do with students." She felt tears start to fill her eyes and she said "It's the dance tomorrow." He asked "The father/daughter dance?" Bella nodded and answered "Yeah. Charlie is too busy to go and it hurts that he never makes it to anything like this." Carlisle pulled her into a hug and she cried onto his shoulder. He said "I'm sorry Bella. That is not very good at all." She smiled slightly at his old fashioned speech and he rubbed comforting circles on her back. He hugged her as she wiped away her last tear and she pulled back. She asked "Thanks for always being there when I need you...dad." He smiled and kissed her forehead and said "Since you are like a daughter to me, would you go to the father/daughter dance with me?" She blinked at him in shock and asked "What about Alice and Rosalie?" Carlisle smiled and answered "They are going out with Emmett and Jasper tomorrow. They didn't want to go to the dance really." Bella noticed that Carlisle looked completely fine with this and she kind of smiled. She enjoyed the close relationship that the Cullens had and she was glad that they included her in it. She answered "I would love to go to the father/daughter dance with you." He smiled and helped her to her feet. He smiled "I think we should go back or Edward might get frantic." Bella laughed and walked to the house with Carlisle's arm wrapped around her shoulders. She felt much better than she had in two weeks and she couldn't wait to see Jessica and Lauren's faces when she showed up with Carlisle. She knew it would prove to them that Edward wasn't giving her up soon, plus she knew that those two would be ogling at him anyway and she smiled slightly at the mental picture. They entered the house and Alice practically pounced on Bella. Carlisle chuckled before squeezing her shoulder and heading upstairs to his study to get some work done. Alice chattered "I have such great ideas for tomorrow night. Rose, you, and I can get ready and Esme can help us with you." Bella slightly winced but she smiled, she knew that Alice was going to