"So why did you call me here, Bruner?" "Because I have put together a team," Bruner replied. The man across from him rose his eyebrow and leaned closer in interest. The table creaked in resistance to the sudden weight. Bruner smirked. "What kind of team? You know we already have a team," the man retorted. Bruner met the gaze of the man in front of him, a twinkle in his eye. Without breaking eye contact, Bruner reached down and grabbed a thin file, placing it on the table in front of him. He was thankful for the empty restaurant because there was no doubt he would be drawing eyes and unwanted attention if it was full. "Your team is weak, General Ivan. I mean no disrespect, but when it comes to actual world crises rather than a bank robbery or a cat stuck in a tree, your team won't be able to handle it." General Ivan raised an eyebrow and gave Bruner a look of skepticism. His team had been trained and conditioned to be the best superheroes the world had to offer. With advanced (and secret) government technology and training from the best fighters in the world, Ivan was sure his team could crush anyone they went against. The team he established over fifteen years ago was called Jupiter. No particular reason other than the fact that the kids he'd been training for years had enormous power, much like the planet's enormous size. Each brought something to the table, but they were just as successful individually as they are working together like a well-oiled machine. "So you mean to tell me my highly trained, highly deadly team of enhanced humans couldn't handle a world crisis when it comes knocking?" Ivan questioned, his sharp eyes narrowed at Bruner who didn't flinch. "Yes. There is only four and they are limited." "So what are you proposing? Combining your team with them? Why have I not heard of your team?" Ivan questioned. Chiron smirked. "They are convert. They work to get the job done. If they were to get caught, we would have to kill them," Bruner shrugged. "So who is your team and why are they superior to mine besides the fact that they have more members?" Bruner grinned, opening the file. "I'm glad you asked." He spread out six pictures (more like mug-shots) of six dirty and angry looking teens. Ivan raised his eyebrow again. Ivan vaguely recognized them. "You put together a team or delinquent teens? Do you take me for a fool, Bruner?" "Your team is made of teens, is it not?" Bruner retorted. "Yes, but mine have been training since they could walk and aren't out to wreak havoc!" "And mine have been through hell and back in some way or another which makes them prepared for the real world and also extremely dangerous. May I continue, now?" Ivan begrudgingly nodded, looking at the pictures with distaste. Bruner pointed to the first picture. It was of a short boy, not exceeding 5'6" on the height chart behind him. He had a wild and almost paranoid look in his eye, his elfish features making him look nearly insane. His dark skin had some remnants of oil and his hands were also dirty. The kid looked rather annoying, but it would not be professional for Ivan to say it out loud. "This is Leo Valdez, also known as Kobold Bomber*. He's sixteen years old and a certifiable mechanical genius. Able to build anything he thinks up with a straw and some paperclips. On top of that, he's a fire-user. Can create and wield fire, but can't be burned by it. So imagine his obsession with pyrotechnics." "That's why he's called Bomber," Ivan concluded. Bruner put his picture away. "Precisely." "How did you nab 'em?" Ivan asked. Bruner sighed, "Leo was interesting. He surrendered after he accidentally burned his mother and his house down a year ago. We kept him in solitary confinement for two months before coaxing him out of his cell and introducing him to the rest of the team." The general eyed the picture that was previous next to Valdez's. He was almost disturbed to see a muzzle over the girl's mouth. She looked about to the the same age as the bomber, but way more angry. Yet, she didn't look very dangerous. Ivan tapped her picture, "Who's this?" "This is Piper McLean, though nowadays she prefers to be called Siren, and her father prefers it that way to." Ivan nodded, finally recognizing the girl. Her father was Tristan McLean, the most famous actor of the last decade. Clearly, he did not want that reputation to be tarnished by having a delinquent daughter (if you could even call her that). "She has has the power of persuasion, something we like to call charmspeak. She is essentially able to control anyone with her voice. On top of that, she's the perfect assassin and battlefield combatant, with her looks and the aura she puts out." "Aura? Are you pulling my leg again Bruner?" "No, no," Chiron said, pulling out a tablet and turning it towards Ivan. On the screen showed Piper in what the general concluded to be some sort of testing facility. In front of her was a gun aimed straight at her heart. Suddenly, Ivan heard the sound of a shot being fired and was prepared to turn away from the dead and bloodied her on the ground. Yet, she wasn't dead. Rather, the bullet changed course and flew into the wall. Ivan stared amazed. "She cannot be hurt when attacked. Or rather, no one and nothing wants to hurt her. Only those with strong willpower have shown to be able to lay a hand on her." "And I assume your team have been the only ones who have been able to do that? Thankfully she had a nasty car crash and was rendered unconscious, so we were able to obtain her. She joined with Leo about a year ago," Bruner nodded, confirming Ivan's thoughts. Bruner put Piper's picture away, leaving four left. Next was another girl, though she looked to be one of the younger ones of the team. Though the general had never seen her before, her eyes were hauntingly familiar. "Thalia Grace. Though, she refuses to use her surname completely and is called Silver Huntress." "Wait, Grace? Like Jason Grace?" General Ivan asked, referring to the leader of his own team. Never had he known Jason had a sister and from what he could tell, Jason never knew either. Despite the obvious difference between Thalia and Jason (her delinquency and his clean record as a hero), Ivan would never have guessed that they were siblings if it wasn't for their eyes. Thalia had jet-black hair that was spiked and short. She was pale, her features sharper than Jason's. Jason on the other hand had hard, regal features that mad him look like a king. His hair was cut as if he were in the military (longer and flat on the top, basically shaved on the sides). His only flaw was the small scar that rested on his lower lip. Though, Reyna argues that it adds to his ruggedness. "Yes. We found her after she had fallen from a pine tree while on the run from others who wished to use her power for their own and also the police for blowing up a few stores. After she delivered Jason to you, she was on the run. Between the fall and exhausting her powers to their full extent, she was put into a coma. We found her and nursed her. She woke up only about four years ago." Ivan put up a hand, stopping Bruner's spiel. "So you are implying that she is older than Jason? Jason is nearly eighteen and this girl looks to barely be fifteen. Are you also implying that they have the same powers?" Bruner rocked his head side to side, as if to say that the general was partially right. "More or less," he confirmed. "One of her powers is longevity. Although in reality she is about twenty-six years old, her biological clock is slowed, so she looks fairly young. Though, while she was in a coma, it completely stopped and she did not physically age." Ivan nodded in understanding. Most people would have been overwhelmed with the amount of information they were receiving. It was arguably very alien. Though, having been involved with these things for over thirty years, he was rarely fazed by enhanced humans. He had seen it all. From those who could lift a tank to those who could stretch their body longer than a few football fields. Ivan himself had a brother that was enhanced. He could fly. Nowadays, that was nothing big, but at the time, Ivan was enthralled by his brother's power, sometimes jealous. Though, now, he knew to be thankful he was human. When word got out about his brother's abnormalities, the government raided their house and took his brother. Or who he thought was the government. In reality, it was a group called the Titans who hunted down enhanced humans and experimented on them. They hated the idea of those who were naturally more powerful and had a campaign to demonize them. Once he became a military man and later a government agent for a secret government organization that fought to work with the enhanced rather than demonize them, he learned that the Titans experimented on those they caught in order to make androids to counter certain powers, but also try to give themselves power. It was despicable. Thankfully, his small team of four was able to take out their main facility, The Throne, severely crippling the group. The corners of Ivan's lips tilted downward. "One of her powers? Does she still possess powers over electricity like her brother?" "More or less," he said, stashing the pictures with the other two. "Her main skill is accuracy. She does not miss, no matter the weapon, though, she prefers her bow." The general shifted his weight in his chair, leaning back. "But what about her control over electricity?" Ivan was getting annoyed. Why did Bruner avoid the question? "Her control is different than Jason's," Bruner finally admitted. "The arrows she uses to shoot, they aren't normal. She creates a bolt of lightning on the spot. It helps with being covert because it reacts on contact with her target. She also moves extremely fast due to the electricity flowing within her. It helps when taking out multiple targets and getaways," he further explained, tucking Thalia's picture away. Three remained. "Who's the kid?" Ivan initiated. Bruner grimaced. "His name is Nico diAngelo and he does not belong in this time period." Ivan leaned forward once again in interest. Could this kid be like Thalia and have a slow biological clock? Was he immortal? Or did he get trapped in ice like some sort of real-life Captain America? "Have you heard of the Lotus Hotel and Casino in Vegas?" Bruner asked. The general thought for a moment. The name sounded very familiar and he vaguely remembered tossing a file aside when it had been presented to him. Inside the file contained information about the Lotus Hotel and Casino, claiming that it was a lair that was meant to catch humans and keep them there forever. The reason why as well as substantial evidence that the hotel posed a threat was not to be found in the file, so Ivan had the time had thrown it in the shredder. Now, he wasn't so sure that was the best idea. "Through the grape-vine," he concluded, not wanting to seem stupid for ignoring what has turned out to be an important case. "Yes, well, that is where we found Nico and his sister, Bianca. Though, they were not very happy with our help. They killed about ten of our men and several other people who were stuck at the