A/N I was gonna wait till next week to start posting chapters for my new story, but since I've been writing like a typewriter on crack I have more chapters done than I thought I would. So here you go guys, chapter one is up. This story is a continuation of 'The Invisible Girl' so if you haven't read that one yet I suggest you give it a look if you want this story to make any sense. This story is rated M from the start for themes of abuse and violence…and lemons. So those of you who are a little faint of heart…be warned. BPOV Cold. So cold, I can't stop shivering. And my head is throbbing. Where am I? I'm so confused, the last thing I remember is walking near the woods, and then….oh god. It all comes back to me in a rush, Rosalie's terrified face, a sudden sharp pain in my head, and those eyes. Red eyes. The single most petrifying thing I have ever seen. My body is still shuddering and I don't know if it's from the cold or the fear, probably both. I am afraid to open my eyes, I'm scared of what I will see because I know that I am most certainly not at home. I stay as still as a statue the only noise my breathing and a rhythmic dripping sound nearby. Eventually I work up the nerve to open my eyes, it's quite dark in here, I look at the small window and I can see it's bright outside but the window is covered by some kind of dark plastic coating or something, it doesn't allow much light into the room. Looking about I can see that I am in a bathroom, and it is filthy. When I try to sit up I notice for the first time that my wrists are tied together and I am chained to a radiator. I can't help my small cry of alarm. Immediately I stop myself, not wanting to draw attention to the fact that I am awake. I know I have realised this too late when I hear someone unlock the bathroom door. I automatically curl myself into a small ball and hide my face. I feel a whimper trying to escape my throat but I somehow manage to push it down. "Look at me" a harsh male voice commands. I can't, I am too afraid to move. I feel a sharp kick to my leg making me cry out in pain. God that hurt. "I said look at me" the voice repeats. Slowly I lift my head and I am once again confronted by those sinister red eyes. I bite my tongue to keep myself silent. This must be James, I can see he has the dirty blonde hair that the wolves mentioned. "That's better, this will go much more smoothly for you if you cooperate." "Wh…what am I doing h…here?" my voice is tiny. But the fact that I speak seems to infuriate him, he comes towards me quickly, too fast for me to react, and grabs my hair roughly. This time I can't help my whimper "Don't speak unless I give you permission. Do you understand?" he spits. James has such a hard grip on my hair that I can't even nod, but I don't dare speak to tell him I understand. He takes my silence as confirmation and lets me go. "I am going to keep you here with us, it will be payback for the ones who dared to hunt us" I don't think I have ever seen anyone so livid. Crap, they must have realised Edward and his family were following them, maybe the wolves too. I wonder if Edward knows I'm gone yet. Surely he will be looking for me. "Don't think that you are going to be found here either." What the hell, can he read my mind too? "I am an excellent tracker, the best there is" he goes on arrogantly "and nobody will ever find Victoria if she doesn't want to be found" he smirks. "Those foolish wolves thought they were so clever when they 'discovered' Victoria. Idiots. She was the decoy I needed so I could investigate why they were after us in the first place. I followed their scent back to Forks but I could find no reason for their unprovoked attack on us. We had been about to come to Forks to hunt when the wolves intercepted us, killing Laurent." Oh, so he doesn't know the whole story, about Alice's vision of him killing me. He was just curious as to why he was being hunted and decided to return the favour. But he was coming to Forks anyway, to hunt, maybe that is when Alice saw him kill me. Maybe the wolves saved my life, not that it matters now. "When I found the vampires home I was surprised to see that your scent was all around it. It was especially intertwined with one of the male vampires. What are you anyway? Some kind of a pet?" I know better than to answer his rhetorical questions now, I don't want any further retaliation. "So anyway, I decided to take you as payback for their hunting me. I realise they may not take a whole lot of notice when you are gone. How much could a human possibly mean to them anyway? They can always get another pet. "All the same, I am going to make a few recordings of our time together and send it to them." James points over his shoulder with his thumb and for the first time I notice a little blinking red light. A camcorder. What the hell? I am horrified and I am sure it shows on my face because James starts to laugh. It is an awful, menacing sound. My stomach turns uncomfortably and I feel like I may vomit. This can't be good. What is he going to do to me? Suddenly James looks all business. "Okay, I'm not going to rush this. Torture can be prolonged for days if done properly." His voice sounds so matter of fact he could be discussing the weather. My head starts to spin. Torture? He is going to torture me. I can feel all the blood drain from my face and I think I may faint. James notices this. "Hey" he slaps me across the face, hard, making me yelp "no passing out, it will be no fun if you are unconscious." I want to beg, plead with him to stop, I can't help myself "Please, please don't do thi…" I don't even get the sentence finished before he grabs me by the throat, stopping me from breathing, strangling me. "Not. Another. Word." Oh God, it feels like he is crushing my throat, just as I really start to panic he drops me and I slump back into the radiator. I cough repeatedly as I try to catch my breath, my throat hurts so much now I don't think I could speak even if I tried. "I will tell you when you can beg, that time is not now." his eyes flash before he suddenly regains his calm and is all business again. "Right, we'll start slowly. I don't want you to die on me just yet, where would the fun be in that?" James turns to make sure the camera is placed properly before he begins. Then he turns and starts to assess me slowly, I think he is trying to decide where to being. My fear hits fever pitch and I look around me frantically, even though I know there's no use . Please help me I think to myself Edward please save me. But I know it's no use, nobody is coming. I know there is going to be pain, lots of pain and I can only hope that James will take pity on me and kill me quickly. James towers over me as I sit strapped to the radiator. My legs are curled underneath me. I stare at the floor as I shake with fear. He kneels down in front of me and takes my bound hands into his. Before I even have a chance to brace myself he takes my little finger and wrenches it backwards, I hear the snap and the pain quickly follows. I scream out in agony and this time James doesn't try to quieten me, he obviously wants Edward to be a witness to my pain. James slowly trails his hands along my arms and down along my body, making me feel sick. "I really don't know what they see in you Bella, that's your name isn't it? Bella. I heard the blonde vampire call you that before I took you." His words slowly register, oh no, Rosalie, is she alright? "It means beautiful " he sneers "your parents must have been blind." I couldn't care less what he thinks about my looks. James hands come to rest on my legs, he grabs my ankles, which are tucked underneath me, and yanks my legs forward. What is he going to do? I hold my breath as he starts to tighten his hand around one of my ankles, crushing it slowly. I scream yet again, begging him to stop "please don't, please, I'll do anything you want, just please don't hurt me anymore" I am openly sobbing now and tears are flowing down my face. James lips curl into a sneer "silly girl" he jeers "what could I possibly want from you? Even for a human, you are exceptionally weak." He leans in closer to me to emphasize his point, whispering "the only thing I expect you to do, is die, slowly and painfully." He leans back quickly and I wonder if my scent may be bothering him. He seems to shake himself off "but not until I'm finished with you, when I'm done Edward will know better than to mess with me again." I can hardly think through the pain, my breathing coming fast and shallow. I wish he would just kill me now but I am too afraid to say it in case he hurts me anymore. He can sense that I am about to pass out from the pain. He saunters over to the camcorder and switches it off "I think we've had enough fun for now. I'll be back later to see you again" he turns and smiles at me. "Bella, you look so tired, I think you need a nap." With that said James grabs my face and slams my head against the radiator, sending me into a welcomed oblivion. EPOV " What?" I scream into the phone "When did this happen?" "Edward, I'm so sorry. If I had any idea…" I have no time for Rosalie's remorse, we need to find Bella as quickly as possible. We are close to capturing Victoria. It is a good thing that she knows nothing about Alice's ability, because Alice has seen exactly where she will be hiding in thirty minutes. We have devised a trap for her but right now she is the least of my worries. Rosalie has just rung to say James kidnapped Bella. I am frantic, I can barely think straight as I try to figure out the best course of action. Has he hurt her? Maybe he has already killed her. No. I can't think like that, I have to remain positive if I am to be able to function. I owe it to Bella not to fall apart when she needs me. The rest of my family, having heard my conversation have stopped dead. Their thoughts full of anguish and fear for Bella's life. It cannot be Carlisle is incredulous at this turn of events. Oh dear lord we need to go back, perhaps w e are not to late Esme frets. Alice blames herself Why didn't I see this? It's all my fault . Jasper is