Well met, everyone! This is a new one for me – I've never tried Lord of the Rings before. It was narrowed down in my mind to either do a quick-fic about Legolas or Erestor – and I decided to do Erestor. This idea just popped in my mind and I had to just…put it down. I've wanted to write a fic for these books for so long but I just never had the ammo to do it with. This one just sorta… popped up. Even though she had no warning and probably won't read this, this is dedicated to PenAndInkPrincess – just for writing reviews for everything I've put on my other stories! Summary: In the wake of a recurring horror, Elrond finds that he's advising his advisor. Disclaimer: I think the fifty or sixty-odd years in between my life and J.R.R. Tolkein's makes it blatantly obvious who owns the characters and who doesn't. You get three guesses, your first two don't count, and here's a hint: it's not me. Oh! Helpful guide for reading this fic: Memories Present time "Speak" As for the Elvish, I used EXTREMELY basic Elvish that you can easily look up on the internet – or you already know thanks to the other fics you read (or the actual books, of course!). As always, read and reviews, CONSTRUCTIVE criticism welcome, and don't even try to approach me with a flame. I have fun with those. Hope you enjoy! P.s. – there's one bad word in this fic that I used multiple times, so if it bothers you, don't read it. Thankies! Yours, ~Eliana No one had meant for this to happen. The walls of Imladris were strong and structured, comforting and watchful, demanding and defiant, but all at the same time welcoming to the friends of the elves within. The city had allowed so many to walk her streets and sing songs to her glory without so much as ever asking a thing in return, and that, for many reasons, is why Erestor loved it. The calmness of the city was a welcomed change after the horrors of the life before and for almost seven hundred years, he found that he could begin laying his restless fears to their eternal slumber. Or… at least that had been what he told himself for months before that unexpected arrival. The Last Homely House was open to anyone – regardless of race, gender, beliefs, or pasts – and offered to help as many as it could only for the sake of keeping peace. For years under the care of Lord Elrond Peredhil and his family the House took care of her visitors as she would any elf born under her roof and saw to it that they left in a healthy light. This being so, the House was more than willing to accept the arrival of a young man (a young elf Erestor found himself correcting) one late evening. The pounding of elven horse hooves against the cool stones of the trails near the House were a stark contrast to the twittering birds and gushing waters, easily calling the attentions of almost every elf in the healing house. Erestor had been making his way to the library when he saw the event unfolding. Elladan had brought the blonde-haired penneth into the healing house with an aura of urgency, bellowing for help from his father, from Glorfindel, from Erestor – anyone that would come to his aid. The young prince's hunting trip had ended in a discovery that would change the course of Erestor's healing for the longest time. Elrond had asked no questions when the young elf was brought into one of the healing rooms and immediately set to work on him, removing the out-of-place thin chains and tightened leather straps that were bound to his neck and arms with a slight scowl of disgust at their purpose. They revealed the heavy bruises that the lord had suspected were there and quickly led the elder on a tale, trying to whisper to him of how it was that they came to be. Giving swift orders to his councilor who had arrived to help, they had set about removing the torn tunic and leggings that remained on the child's body, stripping them off and tossing them heedlessly into random corners of the room regardless of which direction it was in. So many bruises pointed to possible severe internal injuries and both of the elven lords knew that the sooner they were treated the sooner the blonde child could heal. It didn't take but ten minutes time for Elrond to hang his head in defeat, the young child's hand flopping lifelessly off the side of the cot. They had been too late. The shattered ribs had found their way to the young one's lungs, punching them full of holes and allowing stick blood to enter, suffocating the elf by fault of his own body. There was a large impact wound on the back of his skull that had crushed the bone and rendered the brain tissue around it dead to the oxygen that rushed to it. Several stab and slash marks marred the back, legs, arms – well… everywhere on the child, allowing his body to bleed out freely. The list went on. They had been too late to save him. Erestor and Lord Elrond quietly gazed at one another, weary eyes meeting sad wise ones for a long while, silently sharing a message that neither of them could answer with direct certainty. Who could have done this to one so young? Several other elven healers had found their way into the room, setting about their grievous task of gently washing the body to prepare for its removal from the healing house. Erestor knew that he couldn't bear to see the dead body any longer and moved himself to the window at the end of the room, taking in a deep breath of what he hoped would be calming air. "Hir nin?" One of the healers called to Elrond who had moved away from the bed as well and was cleaning the herb tray behind him, "What do you make of this, sir?" Curiosity perked in both elder elves and they quickly made their way back to the bed to inspect what the healer had found. It was then that Erestor felt his steel resolves shattering into the infinitesimal pieces he had tried so hard to gather before. By the time that Elrond recognized the brand's symbol marking and looked up to speak to Erestor, his advisor was gone, leaving nothing but a cold gust of air marking his exit. Panic was not a feeling that Elrond's counselor had felt in a long time – it was a feeling that was not welcome within his mind to any extent and yet now he found himself sprinting through the healing house and halls at his full speed, almost knocking a couple elves over in the process. His robes made it even more difficult to keep himself upright but he managed, pushing himself to sprint as fast as he could up the marble stairs and toward his chambers. The door was slammed behind him, Erestor finding no more strength within himself as he slowly slid to the ground, half his body still pressed against the heavy wooden door. His lungs burned with the sudden exertion of force from his legs and he found himself breathing in shaky gasps as he looked down at his trembling hands, his heart beat loud and painful in his ears. No sounds followed him from the hall and his heart began to slow a bit. The adrenaline leaving his system made him feel suddenly weighted and tired, thin hands trembling so hard that they appeared as a blur in front of the raven-haired elf. Before he was even fully aware of what he was doing he found himself by the lit fireplace, pulling out an old trunk from under the curtains that billowed near his window. It was flung open with a fury and the elf reached inside, finding a few old books filled with pages of his own writing that he had kept for nearly four hundred yeas inside. He brought them before his struggling face before he let out a strangled cry, bringing them smashing to the cold marble floor and allowing the pages to fly in different directions. Grabbing them by the handfuls he chucked them into the fire, panting for breath all the while as tears stung his eyes and bile burned his throat. When all of the pages were aflame he leaned back with a shuddering gasp and watched them burn into oblivion. "What do you want from me?" was all he had the strength to say, arms and hands shaking from the exertion of strength. Erestor found himself swallowing hard soon after, the flight reflex's adrenaline leaving his system and allowing his mind to catch up with his body. A slow blink over his sable eyes brought them to rest on the now empty trunk, finding that just the sight of the damned item brought churning to his stomach. "Work," he suddenly mumbled, forcing himself to his feet and kicking the trunk aside, "I need to work." He crossed the expanse between the lit fireplace and his desk, seating himself and quickly beginning to scratch away at the parchment that he found. Food rations, construction orders, council matters – yes, this was all normal in Erestor's mind. The piles upon piles of parchment would usually work their magic on the haunted elf, bringing his clouded mind back from the dark depths that it had once lived in. Those memories were too close now – so close he could hear the screams in his head. " Slayer! Slayer! Slayer! Slayer!" the crowd had chanted and taunted as he fought for his life, letting out screams of approval when he felled his next opponent with a merciless cruelty. The quill scratched harder on the work order, the Quneyan Elvish starting to look slightly shaky in the midst of his unstable hands. " Are you not entertained?" he screamed at them, blood pouring from his wounded lip into his mouth as he stared up at them, "Is this not why you have come here?" He dunked the quill back into the ink well, not noticing how the stone holder wobbled precariously with his urgent movement. The sword in his hand was thrown to the ground as he left in anger, the calls beginning again behind him, taunting him in his madness. "Not here," Erestor mumbled again, bringing the quill swiftly over a new work order, scratching away at the details that needed to be changed. His head was beginning to pound heavily and the bile in his throat pressured more. He was no longer the leader of the loyal armies of the woodland, no longer commander of the holy Galrich Legions, no longer a servant to the immortal Elven kings. He was now a servant of the mob. "Not here," he ground out again, pressing harder with the quill onto the parchment. " Slayer! Slayer! Slayer! Slayer!" they chanted together. The quill was forcefully dunked into the inkwell again. Unbeknownst to Erestor it tipped over, spilling its contents onto his desk. " Slayer! Slayer! Slayer!" "Not here," Erestor growled, pressure increasing on the quill as the screams got louder in his head. " Slayer! Slayer! Slayer!" "Not here!" he cried out, not noticing the holes he had ripped in the work order before him. " Slayer! Slayer! Slayer!" SNAP! The small quill gave way under the pressure, the stem bending and folding so violently that it let out a mighty crack, twisting in half in the hands of the advisor. Erestor let go of it as though it had burned him, letting his head fall forward onto his ink-coated hands before he allowed himself a moment to try and calm down. The usual