A/N: I took the occasional lines of text from the original for Dumbledore's first few appearances, but otherwise this is entirely my brainchild! Hope you enjoy. Warnings: Violence, gore, sexual undertones. OoOoO It was dusk at Privet Drive, and a boy with messy black hair was slowly making his way down the street. His hands were in the pockets of his oversized trousers, a remote-controlled car stuck under one arm as he sullenly walked back to the place he lived over the summer. The air was surprisingly cool for a summer evening, but Harry was in no mood to enjoy his stint in the freedom he was unlikely to see for the rest of the summer. Honestly, just then he would rather have been locked in his room – at least there he'd have the peace he wanted. His hands clenched inside his pockets as he remembered the way his relatives had jeered at him after Mr. Weasley had told them in confidence that Sirius had died. "Just like your parents, dying like an idiot," Aunt Petunia had sniffed, and Harry had nearly struck her. Except that Uncle Vernon had got there first, backhanding him across the face and sending him crashing into the wall before telling him to go fetch Dudley's toy car from the park where he'd left it. At the time Harry hadn't been sure whether he wanted to hurt the man or just go far, far away, and eventually he had settled on flight, not fight – as so often before. Easing slightly into the shadow of one of the identical houses, Harry stopped and looked up at the sky. "Sirius," he whispered, closing his eyes and trying to fight down the feeling of emptiness he felt. Inhaling shakily, he opened his eyes – and started at the sight of a human-sized shadow dropping from the roof in front of him. Then, quicker than he could react, he was spun around and pushed up against the wall; he felt his magic surge in alarm and the person froze, deep blue eyes widening. "Wizard," she breathed, and he saw fangs flash. A vampire – and judging by the way she was panting, one that needed blood desperately. Harry blinked once, making an irrational, impulsive decision. "Go ahead," he offered, tilting his head slightly to the side. "Just don't take too much, please." A flash of shock crossed the beautiful face before she made a sound of surrender and sank her fangs into his neck. Harry winced slightly, but compared to the Basilisk bite in his second year the two pinpricks were nothing. Then a strange lassitude took over his body, and he realized that vampires must somehow calm down their prey when they bit them. He heard sucking but couldn't feel it, which was an altogether strange sensation, and once he felt himself go lightheaded from blood loss he weakly nudged the vampiress. "More and I'll faint," he said somewhat drowsily, and he felt the woman's body tense slightly before she released him. Staying propped against the wall, Harry blinked and shook his head in an attempt to clear it. "Huh," he said when he got a first good look at his would-be attacker. "You don't dress like I imagined a vampire would." She cocked an eyebrow and he smiled somewhat apologetically. "Well, you know – black and red, corsets and sexy dresses, that kind of thing..." Instead she was dressed in an oversized grey sweater, black leggings and boots, even though she could have pulled off the stereotypical vampire outfits perfectly with her milky-white skin, angular features and glossy black hair. The vampiress snorted slightly, licking a drop of blood from her lower lip. "I spent more time than I cared for wearing a corset; you believe that given the chance to wear a more comfortable style without standing out I would not take it? My kind is hardly popular among mortals, and wearing clothing that leads everyone to immediately think of a vampire, regardless of whether they believe us real or not, would be the height of stupidity." Harry's smile was sheepish now. "Er, sorry," he apologized, wondering if he was blushing despite the blood loss. A thought crossed his mind: Could vampires smell a human's blood more strongly when they blushed? "Perhaps the next time you will consider things more carefully before assigning stereotypes, young mortal," the vampire said drily, but Harry noticed that she didn't actually seem annoyed – maybe this had happened often enough that she had gone past annoyance and into indifference. "Sorry," Harry repeated sheepishly, glancing away before returning his gaze to her face. "I meant no offense." There was a slight pause. "None taken," the vampire conceded eventually. "You did do me a small service, and as such it would be remiss of me to take offense to a small slight." Harry raised his eyebrows, though he couldn't keep a smile from tugging at his lips. "You call that a small service?" He had freely offered her his blood, after all – he wouldn't call that small. "You seem to think you are the first to give me such a service," she retorted drily, sizing him up with her eyes. He found himself blushing again, but the smile remained. "Fair enough," he conceded. "Do you need anything else?" "...You are remarkably foolish," stated the vampire. "One wonders how you managed to remain alive for the few years you have, if this is how you treat a complete stranger. Especially one who could have killed you." Harry shrugged exaggeratedly. "Eh, well..." The vampire made a sound that in a lesser being would have been called a snort. "I have need of a room," she said. "Perhaps you could point me towards a hotel." "I'm afraid there aren't any around here," Harry said apologetically. "The only one I know of is the Leaky Cauldron on Diagon Alley." The vampire tsked. "That is far too far away." She cut off the question he was about to ask. "I am not a high-level vampire," she said. At his curious look she shook her head slightly and asked, "Do they not teach you about vampires at your institution? There are vampires who were magical before being turned, and vampires who were not. I was what you would term a 'Muggle' before being turned. As such, I am capable only of very limited magic, and unfortunately, magical transportation is not one of them. The more magic I accumulate from magical humans, the greater my own magical core grows and the more I am capable of. You understand however that it is not often that I can drink from a wizard." Harry hesitated, then made a suggestion he was sure Hermione would kill him for. "Why don't you stay with me over the summer? I'll let you drink my blood and magic, and in return you can teach me about vampires. How does that sound?" He looked up at her but couldn't get any impression of her thoughts from her blank expression. "I mean, you'd need to stay out of my relatives' way, and I might not have much time during the day, and I'm sure you were on your way somewhere else-" To his surprise, a finger on his lips stopped his rambling. "You are perhaps the most foolish human I have ever met, young mortal." Her blue eyes looked at him evenly, and Harry wondered whether she ever blinked. "However, I accept your trade. In exchange for a place to stay and a steady supply of nourishment I will teach you about vampires. I will warn you, however," her gaze turned slightly cold, "if you think to tell anyone about my presence in your life, whether during or after my stay, you will come to regret it." It wasn't an empty threat, Harry could tell. "I wasn't planning on telling anyone," he replied honestly. A few seconds elapsed before his companion replied. "Very well." Taking a step back, she gestured for him to precede her. "Lead the way, young one." "Please, call me Harry," he said as he passed her. She could be centuries older than him, and still being called young rankled when he was nearly sixteen and had been through more than most adults. He couldn't hear her footsteps, but a short way later she spoke again. "Valeriana." "Valeriana," he echoed, testing the sound of it. "That's a nice name." A soft huff was her initial reply to the compliment. "I was once told that it is a good name for a vampire," she replied, keeping her voice down now that they were in the street. "Valeriana officinalis is the Latin name for the plant Valerian, which is used in medicine as a sedative, an antiseptic, an anticonvulsant, a migraine treatment and a pain reliever. It is especially used to treat insomnia and anxiety. What the other vampire found entertaining is that as a vampire, my bite has a soporific effect on my victim, countering the pain from the bite with an excretion from my teeth that has pain relieving and antiseptic properties. These factors often lead to the human becoming more relaxed, tired and content – comparable to the effects of the Valerian herb." "That's really cool," Harry said, knowing his interest was audible in his voice. He was somewhat surprised that she had explained in such detail – it seemed she was serious about upholding her side of the bargain. "It has its uses," she replied levelly, and he couldn't help but chuckle quietly. "I'm sure." Then they were back at Privet Drive, and Harry took a steadying breath before approaching the door and opening it as quietly as he could. Listening for a second showed that his relatives were all in the living room watching TV, and Harry slipped into the house, gesturing Valeriana to go up the stairs. She gave him an unreadable look before going silently up the steps, entering the room he pointed at when she looked back. Only once she was out of sight did Harry ease the front door closed – just loudly enough that it would make a slight sound, so that his relatives would know he was back, but not so loudly that it would disturb them. "Boy!" Uncle Vernon roared, and Harry flinched reflexively. "Yes, Uncle Vernon?" he called back, trying to keep his tone respectful. "What took you so long?" his obese uncle yelled, the usual angry edge to his voice. "Go make us some popcorn!" "Yes, Uncle Vernon," Harry said, trotting to the kitchen and swiftly preparing the food. About five minutes later he was able to carry a large bowl of salted butter popcorn in to his loving family. "Took you long enough," his uncle grumbled, grabbing the bowl out of Harry's hand and spilling some of it in the process. "Clean that up," he spat. "Can't have popcorn on the floor." With that he turned back to the telly, ignoring the boy beside him as effectively as his wife and son were. Harry mutely crouched to pick up the few pieces, eating them once he was on his way up the steps. No use letting good food go to waste, after all – he could use everything he got. He left Dudley's toy on his cousin's bed before going to his own room. When he entered his bedroom he found himself pinned with Valeriana's level gaze. "Are they always so loud?" she spoke, and her voice was just over a whisper without sounding like she was trying to be quiet. "Er," Harry said awkwardly, turning to close the door as quietly as he could. "Yeah, pretty much. Will that be a problem?" Meeting her eyes, he wondered again whether she ever blinked. "Vampires have better hearing than humans," she said simply, and Harry felt a spike of concern. "Are you alright? If you'd prefer not to stay here I'll understand," he knew that she was unlikely to