Disclaimer: I own nothing, the characters belong to Suzanne Collins and so on and so forth. AN: This is my first ever published Hayffie ficlet, so please, don't be too cruel to me. Have fun ^^ Game over Another year had gone by too quickly and it was already time for the next Games. The whole process had turned into an unpleasant routine. Haymitch was completely drunk when Effie arrived at his house on the day of the Reaping. As always, she complained about his appearance and the state of his house, but Haymitch couldn't be bothered. She pulled him to his feet and managed to get him ready for the Reaping, so that he looked at least presentable. While doing so, they kept bickering about all and nothing; it had become their custom. Just in time, they made their way down to the Justice Building. No word was spoken on the way – another habit they had developed over the six years they'd been working together now. It helped both of them to bear the Reaping – Effie so she could keep up her cheerful façade, and Haymitch so he would distance himself enough to not fall into a flashback. Once the Reaping was behind them, Haymitch immediately made his way to the train to find the next fully stocked liquor cart. He was craving the booze, although he already had his fair share of Ripper's strong brew that morning. Meanwhile, Effie remained at the Justice Building, waiting for the children to say their goodbyes to their families. Their tributes were a boy of only 12 years and a girl at the age of 15. Neither seemed to be born fighters, and Effie had already seen in Haymitch's eyes that he thought they wouldn't stand a chance. Once the children were back under her supervision, she escorted them to the train and showed them around a little, not in the least surprised that all this work was left to her by Haymitch. The dinner was spent in peace. Effie was her usual bubbly self and blabbed about the food and the wonderful excitements that would await the kids in the Capitol. She tried her best to make them feel as well as possible with the aspect of the Games ahead of them. Haymitch sipped his whiskey with a straight face, not intending to show any emotion. The children didn't need to read the reasons why he kept drowning himself with liquor from his face. After dinner, the children very quickly excused themselves to their rooms, after Haymitch had dodged some inquiries about the Games. "They'll be dead by the second day, if they are lucky," stated Haymitch, staring a hole in the air. "Rude as always. And please, refrain from saying such things. Maybe the girl can make it," retorted Effie, repelled by the thought of the kids, who just had been sitting with them, lying dead on the ground. "I don't know how you do that, sweetheart," he sneered at her, "You still hope after all these years. Impressive." The sarcasm was easily detectable, although Haymitch's words were slurred. Effie gave him a single chuckle, but stayed silent for a moment. Haymitch filled his glass once again and gulped down half of the liquor. "I think you've had enough of that." Effie reached for the glass in his hands. At first, he wouldn't let go of it, but he eventually gave in. She got up to put it out of his reach, only to return and slightly nudge Haymitch's shoulders so he would stand up. "Come on, Haymitch. Let me get you to your room. I'm not in the mood to pick you up in an hour or two, when you are completely sloshed, to drag you to your bed and most likely get thrown up on." "Of course that's the reason why you want me there," Haymitch taunted, but got to his feet willingly. "Yes. No other reason at all," she gave back, and the honesty in her answer was a little disturbing. Effie grabbed his arm to steady him and guided him to his compartment. Once there, Haymitch pulled Effie inside and pinned her against the wall next to the door. His lips immediately crushed on hers but the kiss didn't last long. Effie struggled against his touch and shoved him away, so that Haymitch stumbled backwards. "What are you thinking, Haymitch?! This goes too far, even for you!" she exclaimed, flabbergasted. "Sweetheart, stop that show of yours. The room is bug free, you don't have to keep up your stand-offish attitude," he barked back. It hadn't been their first kiss after all – by far not their first kiss and it never had stopped at just a kiss. They had spent a fair amount of nights together in the last years. "I know it's free of bugs. It always is. Removing them is one of the first things you do when entering the train. Comes right after getting hold of a bottle of liquor!" Effie stood her ground, walking towards the victor with an accusing glare on her face. "What? Are you mad I went straight for a kiss instead of fighting with you first? Do you need the usual bickering as foreplay?!" gibed Haymitch, who was staring right back at her. Her reaction was unsuspected. Instead of hitting back with another argument, Effie's expression went blank and she opened her mouth to just close it again. She seemed to have gotten even whiter, if that was even possible. "You don't know," she whispered, and frowned. She averted her eyes from him and shook her head slightly. "How is that even… you are so uninformed about anything…" "What are you going on about?" Haymitch asked. His voice was still expressing anger, but it was strained by worry that crept into his heart. "What don't I know, sweetheart?" In answer she held her right hand out to him. An expensive ring with an uniquely cut diamond adorned her ring finger. Now it was Haymitch's turn to frown. He had seen her wearing various rings in the past and it took his drunken brain a tick too long to grasp the meaning of this particular one. "I'm engaged, Haymitch. It was all over the news, therefore I thought you would know," she explained, due to the lack of a reaction from his side. Effie suddenly felt extremely exhausted and sat down on the edge of his bed without being invited to do so. To be fair, waiting for an invitation would have left her getting old. Haymitch turned his back on her. She was too good at reading him and he didn't trust his poker face in this moment. He felt sick. Her announcement had come out of a clear sky and had left him feeling like he just had been punched in the stomach. "Who's the lucky man?" he pressed out through gritted teeth. He tried to make it sound sarcastic, but it lacked the power. "His name wouldn't tell you anything. He's in Capitol politics, though has nothing to do with the games itself. He'll be a good husband," answered Effie truthfully. Haymitch reached for the liquor, which he had brought with him from Twelve. He gulped down a quarter of the bottle in the hope the throbbing ache in his chest would go away. Effie would have been delighted to snatch it from him in any other situation, but now she didn't move a finger. "Well, if you wait for an apology for the kiss, you will be devastated to learn I won't apologize. You better leave now – you need your beauty sleep, as tomorrow will be another big, big, big day," he mocked her with his best imitation of her escort voice. Giving in, Effie shook her head and walked to the door. She paused for a moment, her hand already on the door handle. Effie didn't dare to face him when she uttered the next words. "It was not my idea. Women of my status ought to be married or at the very least promised to somebody at my age. My father arranged all of it, but it was sold as the perfect love story to the Capitol. I can't allow myself to let anybody get in between this marriage. I can't disappoint my parents once more. This is game over, Haymitch." Her voice was low and the pain it expressed was unbearable. Effie had always thought of herself to be a strong woman, yet she had gotten part of this bargain. She didn't want to marry this man, but she had no other choice but to play along by the rules. Haymitch smirked after taking another mouthful of liquor. "Fine, sweetheart. The only mistake you made was to think I would care. Have fun playing the cheerful wifey to a man you don't love." He spat out the words in a cold and detached manner. They burned Effie's soul and although she wanted to respond with something equally painful, she couldn't find the means to do it. She just stepped outside his room and slammed the door shut behind her. Silence was their best friend from then on. They spoke with each other neither for the remaining train journey nor at the Opening Ceremony, and they kept to the opposite corners of the room while the country was watching the tributes parade through the Capitol. Their friends as well as the journalists noticed the lack of their usual fights and bickering in public. By the end of the ceremony, Haymitch was completely drunk, and Effie hadn't said a thing about his behavior. She picked up the children and brought them back up to the penthouse without giving a second glance at Twelve's victor. Of course, it was a dangerous game she was playing, as she was neglecting her responsibilities as escort. In the end, it would have been her duty to handle Haymitch, and for once in all these years she acted like the escorts who had been there before her – and who all had quit after one year. Chaff and Finnick, who had watched the whole spectacle with curious eyes, picked the barely conscious Haymitch up from the stool and carried him to the elevator. "You know why Effie's acting so much like my dearest escort today?" asked Chaff, stifling a chuckle at his own hilarity. He had been drinking with his friend for a while, but had known his own limits. "Well, besides of her being engaged – and we both know how protective our friend can get over her – I heard rumors of her transferring to District 2 next year to take Zipporah's place. Her fiancé should have had a hand in it. He didn't seem to like the thought of his wife-to-be only taking care of District 12 and its drunkard." Finnick nodded to Haymitch, but it was clear how his words were meant. Haymitch had been as much of a mentor as Mags since his victory four years ago. Plus, he had instantly welcomed Finnick to their little group of friends, consisting of Haymitch, Effie, Chaff and Mags at that time. Just last year, Johanna joined the group as well. "She what?!," asked Haymitch, who seemed to have sobered up a little upon hearing this information. "Rumors, Haymitch, I don't know anything for sure. You better ask her yourself, if this hadn't been the reason of the deathly silence between you two," answered Finnick, feeling bad for his friend. He knew Haymitch had a thing for Effie; he had seen it in his eyes more than once when they were sitting together in the penthouse in the past. The elevator stopped on the twelfth floor and Haymitch staggered out of the cabin once the door opened. Finnick wanted to go after him to check he would be okay, but Chaff stopped him by putting his remaining hand on the younger's shoulder. "They should