So this is my first Percabeth story. I've read a few stories on the same topic matter but I wanted to do my own interpretation of it. It's also the first time I've written in second person but thought I would give it a go. It's kind of a long one shot but I didn't think that it should be split into multiple chapters. Reviews are appreciated. Enjoy! The day he disappears is just like any other day. The sun's shining, the Apollo kids are up and playing a quick game of volleyball before breakfast, the Hermes kids are stumbling out of their cabin blurry eyes, the Demeter kids are tending to the garden on their roof, the Ares cabin hasn't even stirred yet, and of course your cabin is half awake half asleep since most went to bed but some couldn't stop their work until the early hours of the morning and you can't blame them because it's not something you haven't done with the plans for Olympus and all. Like every morning you go to wake him up since he'd miss breakfast with the way he sleeps. The curse of Achilles only added to his uncanny way to sleep anywhere anytime. The familiar walk among the cabins refreshes you, waking you up enough to be a bit perky. The cabin is the same as always, the modest gray rock studded with seashells as if it had been taken from the depths of the sea. A fresh sea breeze greets you as you move toward the door even though it's the middle of December and it reminds you of the summer. Unlike every morning as you reach for the handle of the door, you get the feeling of unease as if something bad will greet you on the other side. These feelings only come every so often and when they do they're always right. You scoff at this one though for the first time. "What could possibly be wrong with entering? It's just Percy's cabin and while he may never clean, it's really not that bad and Percy will be there." Still you can't seem to shake the unease as you move to open the door and you slowly move to enter the room. It's empty. That's the first thing that crosses your mind as you step inside. Percy's reassuring smell is all over the room like normal. The bed looks like it was slept in, the chip bags and empty coke cans are still scattered around the room because inspection isn't until Friday, and Percy never even thinks of cleaning until five minutes before inspection. You're unnerved that's for sure, but not worried per say. Even though Percy has never ever gotten up by himself before, who's to say he didn't set an alarm today? You know that you're just making excuses as you run to the pavilion to see if he's gone to breakfast early today. People give you some strange looks as you run by because who just sprints as if there's a demon behind them to breakfast, but you just can't seem to shake the feeling that something is very very wrong. Arriving at the pavilion is even worse because he's not there either; the Poseidon table looks just as empty as it did before Percy ever arrived at Camp Half-Blood. Next you check the arena. Sometimes if Percy has a nightmare, he'll go to the arena and blow off some steam. As you travel there you can't hear the familiar sounds of swords ripping through straw dummies. Mrs. O'Leary's familiar bark gives some solace, but upon arriving and seeing no one there you're back where you started. This pattern repeats over and over with you coming up with reasons on why he would want to climb the lava wall at 8 in the morning or go foraging into the forest before breakfast and without any provisions. After scouring the entire camp, only then, do you go to Chiron to see if he knows anything. Perhaps he sent Percy on a secret quest like the one Clarisse went on two years ago, but Percy would've told you right? Still there's the chance that something could've happened, like some odd sea creature needing help. But even then, Blackjack always gathers Percy for those expositions, and you already checked the stables. But you can't help making excuses, the other possibilities are too scary to consider. Arriving at the Big House to the last place you'd look, the attic. Even after the oracle went into Rachel, Percy had so many bad memories of that place that he won't even go near the attic. You scour the Big House all its rooms and levels finally going into the attic. Everything is covered in a thin layer of dust. So many memories you pause just for a moment even though Percy isn't here. The silk scarf of Aphrodite is still there along with other various things from numerous quests. Shaking out of your nostalgia you finally go to Chiron. He's at archery by now since you missed breakfast, and even though you're supposed to be teaching an Ancient Greek myth class, you head toward the targets. Chiron is there and though it kills you, you wait until he's done explaining before approaching. Chiron's expression is grim as you present him with your worries and you see the expression that Chiron always gets when presented with bad news about a camper. It's the look of acceptance that while he can prepare campers for the world he can't protect them. Seeing that look in his eyes, you can't take it anymore. You make a few excuses and run into your cabin where you finally break down briefly. "There's nothing you can do right now Annabeth," everyone says "He's only been gone for a few hours; there's plenty of reasons why he's not here." But no matter what condolences people offer, nothing seems to remove the dread in the pit of your stomach or the feeling that had you running all over the camp in the first place. The first day is the worst, not knowing anything and not seeing him after being promised the entire winter break. No one calls Sally, no need to worry her after only one day. The second day you break down and call Sally. It's a slim hope but hope none the less that he's there and you have nothing else to lose. When she tells you "No the last time I saw him was when he left with you." you break down briefly again, this time over the phone before you can explain anything. Sally is surprisingly understanding and after further thought you realize that she's become used to the fact that her son lives a dangerous life and then you realize that Sally is probably used to Percy disappearing without telling her. With that thought you promise yourself that when all this is over anytime you go on another quest with Percy you'll make sure that you call Sally on the way out though you know you'll probably end up breaking that promise. Then that night the dream comes. No word from Olympus in months and when it comes, you receive the message from your least favorite goddess. It brings you hope but why would Percy only have one shoe and need to be picked up at the Grand Canyon which is across country? It seems a little farfetched, but the hope that your best friend and boyfriend could be there after two days of no word, well you're willing to do anything for it. You've managed to get through the past two days with pretending that nothing was wrong. You ignored the sympathetic looks from the other campers put on the brave face that you wore when Luke betrayed you, when you ran away from home, when Thalia turned into a tree, and when you found out that more than half of your cabin was dead after the Titan war. Over the years you've perfected it and the only people who even came close to seeing through it was Chiron and Percy. You throw easy fake smiles over your shoulders as you walk away from the war council to talk to a certain son of Apollo about a flying chariot. Taking Butch with you since he's the best with the Pegasus besides Percy, you hop into the borrowed chariot and the trip begins. As you get closer you can't help the hope that begins to swell in you. Percy has only been gone for two days but that's the longest times you've gone without contact since the Titan war. Though you try to quell the blossoming anticipation, you lean forward more as if that would make you get there faster. As soon as the chariot lands you jump out onto the bridge and look around. There's a small Latino looking kid, who seems hyperactive, a pretty girl with kaleidoscope eyes and standing next to her is a guy with one shoe. You look around again but those are the only three on the bridge, no Percy. This takes seconds for you and immediately you run to the boy with one shoe and its all you can do not to scream in frustration, in fact you do burst out with "Where is he? Where?" before you realize that it's futile. He's not there. Maybe you were a little cold on the way to camp but really you have an excuse. Although you would rather be packing for your unofficial quest to find Percy and the last thing you want to be doing is showing another person the camp, the look Chiron gives you makes you concede. You start going through the motions while thinking of all the places to start and the provisions you'll need. Finally you take Piper to Rachel's cave to check if she's there yet. You called yesterday and though she doesn't get out of Clarion until the end of the week, she promised to be there. Your hopes plummet a bit more when she's not there. When Piper mentions the coincidence of her and Jason meeting around the same time that Olympus closed, you have to mention the mist, it would be cruel not to. You can see in Piper's eyes that she hasn't given up on her and Jason and that's good. They had good chemistry from what she noticed in the chariot, and he liked her. That was obvious by the way that Jason would watch her when she wasn't looking. The look was hesitant like he wanted to be with her but at the same time held back like he wasn't allowed to even think of the possibility. Seeing Rachel was a surprise and when Piper blacks out in the Hera cabin of all places, you're happy to let Rachel take this one and head to dinner. The eventful campfire fills you with purpose. One less life threatening quest for you to deal with, and besides you want to focus on finding Percy not saving Her Royal Peacock Feathers. Returning to your cabin you start packing your backpack with everything you could possibly need. Better to be over prepared than not have something. About to zip the bag you pause a minute and head to Percy's Cabin. There you grab another sweatshirt of his. Upon returning to your cabin you run into Malcolm. He tries to persuade you to stay at camp at least until the winter solstice, but you have to do something. Percy could be out there all alone and you can't give up on him, not when he never gave up on you when you were kidnapped by the Manicore. Finally after seeing his concern, you realize that maybe you haven't doing such a good job with your mask. With that conclusion you push past your older brother and climb into your bunk claiming that you have a big day tomorrow and you need your