Legolas was screaming again. Thranduil couldn't stand listening to the ripping, sobbing shrieks that came from his elfling, who was barely six years old. He couldn't stand it when any of his warriors did the same in the Healing Ward since that night almost two years ago, but it ignited more anger in him coming from one of his children, from his youngest, from one who wasn't old enough to understand anything other than how wrong life in these cold halls had become. Thranduil was out of bed and tying his robe around his waist before Legolas could take a breath to cry out again. Moonlight wept through the sweeping windows on his right, lighting the cool carpets as he exited his room through a single red-painted door that opened to his baby's quarters. Jumping the three steps down, he saw that Legolas was still trapped in his nightmare, thrashing in his green silk sheets. "Sire?" One of the guards stood at the other door leading into the room, having been drawn in with the same speed as Thranduil by Legolas's screams. The elf's wide green eyes were shadowed with worry, even though this was a nightly routine. Everyone in Mirkwood loved his youngest son, and wanted his suffering to end. Thranduil hated the rumors that had begun to spread that Legolas was fading. His elfling was fine. He refused to believe his elfling would leave him, just like his wife and oldest son, the Crown Prince. "Get out!" Thranduil grabbed a picture book from Legolas's nightstand and hurled it at the guard. The door shut before it could hit him, smacking against the thick oak instead and crashing to the stone below. The noise woke his elfling, who lay panting and sweating before him, trapped in a knot that he had made with his sheets. Legolas stared up at him with wide, fearful silver eyes. He was a beautiful elf, delicate and with a spirit so bright that it made his golden-white hair and porcelain skin glow. It was a soft light, one that many in the court compared to their beloved stars. Thranduil hated that they talked about Legolas with such admiration, as if they wanted to take him for themselves. Thranduil hated that his small elfling was as perfect as he was. It brought him too much attention, and Thranduil had no intension of sharing him. Not after almost losing him. He sat on the edge of the bed and smiled at his elfling, who tracked his movements without blinking but didn't inch away from him. Thranduil decided this meant he was getting better. He reached out, slowly, cautiously, and ran a hand over his glistening forehead. In response, Legolas relaxed. "Kagnirrok," Legolas breathed and shivered. "He isn't here is he?" The beast's name made Thranduil's bones turn to ice. The dragon had taken his kingdom, Greenwood the Great, and spread darkness across it from the south. The snake bore down from the sky like a serpent sent by the Valar, as if to punish him and his people for living in peace for too long, as if they were meant to suffer like mere humans instead of enjoying the immortality of the Eldar. The beast had come in search for the kingdom's gems filled with starlight, and to see if the youngest son of the Elvenking was as magnificent to behold as he had heard. In one day the beast had shattered three millennia of peace, shorn the light in their forest to shreds and now spiders and other foul things had begun to move in. Other realms had already begun to call Greenwood the Great . . . Mirkwood. While Kagnirrok had been chased away, more than just his elfling feared his return and an even greater darkness. Thranduil and the rest of Mirkwood feared that the elfling prince would be taken from them and all would fall to shadow. Thranduil kept telling them that the beast would never show itself to their kingdom again, even if such an event haunted his dreams. The monster had taken all of the diamonds in Mirkwood's halls. The only thing it hadn't taken was Legolas. Thranduil refused to believe that it would come back for him. "Nay, tithen las," Thranduil whispered to Legolas. "The snake is long gone from our home. The fire drake will not return, for your ada scared it away forever." Legolas didn't look as relieved by those words as Thranduil expected. Usually his elfling would ease back into his pillows when he heard them and Thranduil would sing him to sleep. He waited for his son to explain his new worries as he wiped tears from his soft, flushed cheeks. "Are you mad at me?" Legolas asked. Thranduil held still. He moved his attention from the tear tracks to meet those wide, fearful eyes again. He tilted his head and traced the edge of one white eyebrow on his son's face. "I would never be angry with you," he answered as gently as he could, and wondered with mounting fury where Legolas ever got the idea. Whoever planted it in his head would be punished. "It's my fault Nana and Oroduil are . . . gone." Tears built in Legolas's eyes again. "Your Nana and brother died protecting you." Thranduil thumbed the tears away as they fell. "I would never dishonor their sacrifice by being angry with you. It was not your fault that the beast came down that hallway. No one knew he would be there after raiding the kingdom's treasures." "Why did he come back after taking the diamonds?" Legolas shivered. Thranduil pressed a kiss on Legolas's forehead. "He didn't take all of our treasures," he said softly. "He won't ever take all of it. Now sleep, ion nin." Legolas was tired from a night full of memories, of reliving the moment Kagnirrok swept around the corner and into the hallway as he and his mother and oldest brother, Oroduil, were just leaving the royal wing. Legolas scampered down the steps to the warrior barracks, letting the cool stone under his bare feet push away the heat of the flames and his mother's shrieks from his mind. The familiar, comforting smell of leather and polished steel instantly calmed his racing heart and he felt safe. "Dearest Prince," one soldier called out as he raced down the empty hallway, strong arms sweeping down to catch him as he passed. "Where are you off to in such a hurry?" "I'm looking for a sword." Legolas gave Pelorian his best smile and wrapped his arms around the archer's neck. "You're in no need for such a crude weapon," Pelorian snorted. Green eyes and a wicked smile sparked with mischief. "If it's a weapon you want, you should take up the bow." "Nay, you daft elf," came Rugon's gravely bark. "Keep your poison out of his ears. If he wants a blade, let him have one. It's better than your useless sprigs any day." Legolas laughed as Rugon, a large elf with arms and legs the size of oak branches, scooped him out of Pelorian's grasp and swung him up to sit on his boulder-like shoulders. Rugon was a woodland knight, always armed with a heavy long sword, and always argued with the archer's about who was the better warrior. The elite of the archers were snipers, led by Pelorian, and fought spiders and wargs much differently than the head-on, feral screaming method that Rugon and his elves did. "I'll make him an archer yet, you troll, and there is nothing you can do to stop me," Pelorian said as he followed him and Legolas down the hall. Legolas smiled back at him and silently agreed. He would much rather be stealthy and secretive like Pelorian than a mountain like Rugon. That way, if he could move like a shadow through the trees, no dragon could find him before he snuck up on the snake and cut off its slimy head. "Just as there will be nothing you can do to stop me from making him a knight," Rugon growled, but the menacing glare from his broad face and gray eyes was ruined by his rumbling laugh. "Neither of you better hand him a weapon." Another warrior, Sard, joined them as he stepped out of a room. Following him were at least half of Mirkwood's army, flooding the vast hall from hundreds of doors. Legolas eyed Sard's strange throwing knives as the elf tucked them up his left sleeve. Though he didn't understand what Sard did in the military, his father often referred to him as a black magician, but he never used magic like Gandalf. His father never has explained it. "Legolas is our prince," Sard said with his usual gentle voice, dark blue eyes finding his. A grin lifted his pale lips as he tucked a blade into the long, black braid behind his head. "Legolas should never have to lift a weapon so long as we are around. Nothing will ever harm him, and he should never feel the need to take up arms. You feel safe with us, do you not my prince?" "I do," Legolas said, but as conversation filled the stone halls he was reminded of Kagnirrok's rolling growl and shivered. "I want to be able to fight anyway, though. Could you teach me?" Rugon must have felt his tremor because he pulled Legolas off his shoulders and into his arms, cradling him as if he was an infant. Legolas growled in protest, hating to be coddled whenever anyone remembered what had happened to him two years ago. He wasn't four years old anymore. His father was known for his fierceness, and so would he be. After a few futile kicks and punches, he gave up. The elf, with his long golden hair and serious smoky eyes, was not someone Legolas could escape. He looked from Rugon's searching, furious gaze to Pelorian's worried one. Thankfully Sard was still busy hiding knives all over in his dark uniform. "Do not tell me that the beast still haunts you." Rugon's gruff voice was quiet as if the mere thought pained him. "That slithering snake fled these lands two years ago from before your father's wrath and has not the courage to return. How can we drive his ghost from your mind, tithen prince? How can we help you?" "Is he well?" a scared elleth, one of Pelorian's archers, stepped forward and made Rugon and the two others stop walking. "His condition hasn't worsened, has it?" "He is not fading, witch," Pelorian snapped and shoved her to the side. Legolas refused to look at her, only holding Rugon's gaze as they began walking again. "If he comes back," Legolas whispered in response to Rugon's plea, "I will not hide behind anyone. I will fight." The roar of conversation, the clatter of weapons and the sound of the military barracks coming to life for the day grew muffled and the aroma of freshly baked bread and chilled milk calmed him. The barrack kitchens were busy with the slamming of pots and pans, sizzling eggs and barking orders, but it was a relief compared to the overcrowded halls. Rugon took a seat but did not allow Legolas to sit up or sit on his own. Rugon did not seem willing to release his charge, or even look away from him. "I wish. . . ." Rugon began, searching for words. "I wish I could comfort you like you so desperately need by telling you the demon spawn will not return, that I and these other elves will always be here to protect you, but if my prince feels the need to learn how to defend himself, who am I to argue? Just know that my heart will break, because I always want you to stay this small so I can hold you like this and carry you away whenever the next nightmare comes for you."