Hi, Everyone! I am back with another tale to tell and I hope you enjoy it as much as you have my others. Once again I have My Bella and Hope4More along with me and I can't even begin to tell you how incredibly lucky I am to have them in my corner. They both have awesome stories of their own that you should check out. Thank you to you both, I couldn't do this without you! Please read the info after the chapter as it has important information about my posting schedule. See you at the bottom. Enjoy! Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. Stephenie Meyer owns anything and everything relating to Twilight and its characters. No copyright infringement is intended. The original aspects of this story—all of the original characters, plot, names, nicknames are all the property of the author—eternally addicted . Unauthorized use of such material is plagiarism. In simple terms—it's theft. I am in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise mentioned in this story. No reproduction, downloading, copying, reposting, or any other kind of redistribution of this story or its contents is permitted without my express written authorization. I wanna heal, I wanna feel what I thought was never real I wanna let go of the pain I've felt so long (Erase all the pain till it's gone) I wanna heal, I wanna feel like I'm close to something real I wanna find something I've wanted all along Somewhere I Belong Lyrics By Linkin Park June 4 th , 2011 *{Bella}* My longtime best friend, Alice, and I sat in an out of the way corner of the Miami airport in hard uncomfortable plastic chairs, waiting for our flights to be called. Alice had begged me to sit in the softer upholstered seats out in the main waiting area but I was too afraid we'd be spotted there. Even though we'd been left at the airport nearly two hours earlier, I was consumed with the fear that my parents would discover what I was up to and come back to make sure I boarded the same plane as Alice or worse, drag me back home with them. Shifting my position in attempt to find a more comfortable one, I thought over the events of the last couple of weeks. Alice and I had just spent two weeks in the Bahamas with her parents and mine as a gift for our graduation and we were now headed off to two different countries. Although as far as all of our parents were concerned we would both be spending the summer together in sunny Acapulco. However nothing could be further from the truth. It was only Alice who would be setting foot on Mexican soil and enjoying a leisurely summer before heading off to college in August. I, on the other hand, would be going someplace much different. While I had definitely enjoyed my time with Alice, I was looking forward to not being under the constant watch of my parents as well as beginning the adventure I was sure this summer was going to be. I just had to get there without being discovered first. I began to chew my lip nervously when the airport loud speaker began to crackle with the announcements of more boarding flights. I was extremely anxious to get out of the airport before I was stopped. Hopefully the measures I'd taken to change up my appearance would help if for some reason my parents had discovered my plans and one of their hired goons was lurking around looking for me. Not only was I flying under a different last name, I had traded the strapless pink embroidered sundress and white sandals I'd been wearing when I'd said goodbye to my parents this morning, for a graphic t-shirt, jean shorts and flip flops—clothes that weren't part of my normal attire and an outfit that my mother would certainly frown upon. I had also swept my hair up into a pony tail and hid my face behind a large pair of sunglasses that Alice had given me. I had even gone so far as to book a hotel room for a day in Miami under my alias name so that I could wait for Alice's connecting flight home in Miami since I would arrive back in the states a day ahead of her. Everything had been meticulously planned and fool-proofed as far as I could see, but at the moment it was doing little to ease my worries. I jumped in my seat when I heard the words for my flight blast through the airport terminal. Flight 979 departing for Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic is now boarding. vuelo 979 de partir hacia Puerto Plata, República Dominicana está internado. "Shit, that's me," I blurted out to Alice in my startled state. My pulse began to quicken as I got up from my seat and turned to face my friend. "I can't believe you're really going through with this," she said in a cross between a sad and a somewhat shocked tone. She had known me since the first grade, so there really was no reason for her to be shocked. She knew better than anyone once I made up my mind to do something I stuck to it. "Al," I sighed using the nickname I had given her years before. "Please don't give me a hard time about this. You know how important this is to me." The look in her eyes as she replied told me she was remorseful, but still sad over my impending departure. "I do. I really, really do. I guess I'm just going to miss you, Bell. We've spent every summer since we met together. Well except that one year my mom sent me to that hideous etiquette school." I couldn't stop myself from giggling at the horrendous look on her face as she remembered that terrible summer. We had been thirteen at the time and while I had gone to etiquette classes after school, Alice had been forced to go to tutoring for our pre-algebra class. She was a smart girl and got good grades easily in her other classes; math was just not her strong subject and so she was forced to go to etiquette school that summer. Plus she had always been a bit of a tomboy, which her mother hadn't liked at all, and according to the conversation Alice had overheard her mom having with her father, she had hoped the etiquette classes would help cure Alice of what she considered an annoying characteristic. "I know, Al, I am going to miss you too. It's just a couple of months and then we'll be back home and it will be like I was never gone." "Just promise me you'll be careful. You do realize you are about to step into a world you've never been a part of, right? I mean what kind of living conditions are you going to have, Bell? I've seen the pictures on the news." In a last ditch effort to calm her fears, and assure her I'd be fine, I reminded her of the steps I'd taken to do just that. "I know what I'm doing and I know what I am getting myself into. Remember I had to go to that training seminar over spring break." It really had been far too easy for me to attend given the fact my parents had gone out of town over spring break and had left me home with the housekeeper and other staff members they insisted we needed to keep our household running. I'd never understood why most of it couldn't be done by myself or my parents and had always done as much for myself as I could and could still remember the horrified look on my mother's face the first time she caught me doing my own laundry. It still made me giggle to think about it. You would have thought she had caught me doing something much worse that washing my own clothes. The airlines made a second announcement that my flight was boarding so I knew I really had to go. Or I was going to end up going to that resort with Alice after all. "I have to go." "Okay," she said with a sad look on her face. Trying hard not to pout anymore, she forced a slight smile and then hugged me tightly. "I'm gonna say it again whether you want me to or not. Please be careful, Bell, and call me if you can. And, well, I guess you should try to have a little bit of fun too. Who knows maybe you'll meet some hot guys." I rolled my eyes at her teasing comment and hugged her even tighter. "I will. You're my best friend, Al, I love you like a sister. I'll see you soon." "Love you too, Bell." She reluctantly released me from the tight grip her small arms had on me. With one last goodbye, I turned and walked as fast as I could towards the departure gate. "Wait!" she called out to me after I'd taken about ten steps. "Alice," I whined. "I'm going to miss my plane." "I'm sorry, but I just had to remind you of something." "What?" I asked her not having any clue what she could possibly be thinking of. "Well…It's just…" "Spit it out, Mary Alice," I told her using her full name. "Okay, but don't hate me for saying this." "Like that's even possible," I said rolling my eyes at her. "Just remember if you somehow get caught. You didn't get that fake ID or passport from me," she said so fast I was hardly able to make out what she was saying. Luckily I was used to her mouth running a-mile-a-minute when she was nervous. "I swear on all the shoes in your closet that I'd never give you away," I told her making her gasp in shock over the fact that I'd even remotely think of using her shoes as such collateral. "Okay," she said softly. "When you put it like that I know we are good. I mean you do know how much I love my shoes so I know you'd never risk them. Sorry, I'm just nervous about this whole thing." "I know. I'm nervous too, but I promise it will be okay. Now I really, really have to go." "Stay safe, Bell," she said giving me one last hug. "You too, Al. Don't choke on your Pina Colada while watching all the hot guys on the beach," I teased to help lighten the moment. "See ya in a few weeks." I hugged her back and then was off to catch my plane. Removing the sunglasses I had kept on to try and hide my face, I looked up to the departure gate sign to make sure I was headed in the right direction. I also kept looking over my shoulder, expecting to see my parents or one of their so called assistants hot on my ass, ready to drag me back home. It would be just like my parents to send someone to "fetch me", as my mother would say, instead of coming after me themselves. With one last quick glance over my left shoulder I saw I was still in the clear. Making it to the gate, I resisted the urge to bounce in place and instead curled and uncurled my toes repeatedly to hide my anxiety as I held out my boarding pass to the airline attendant. As I did, I heard the call for Alice's flight and I was grateful she wouldn't be left sitting in the airport alone for too long. "Enjoy your flight," the airline attendant said as she handed the pass back to me and gave me a pleasant smile. Feeling somewhat relieved, I let out a long