Warning: This FF contains harsh language, mature themes, sexually suggestive content and it is a slash. Please be advised that if you are not over eighteen then you should not read. Disclaimer: Do not own twilight all the characters belong to SM. Rage November 6 th , 2013 eight years later… I tapped my finger impatiently against my very expensive mahogany table. Ostentatious as the damn thing was my secretary had insisted that it looked good in my office. It matched the leather over-sized chair that I sat in; along with the tall book shelf with nearly a dozen books I haven't cared to open. Yes, it did indeed compliment the dreary office that screamed professionalism and exerted luxuriousness. Absentmindedly I read over the current court case my secretary had handed me. Easy enough to deal with, a man named Mr. Smith had raped his granddaughter and was trying to plead not guilty, although there was enough physical evidence to prove that he was. With the amount of money he was throwing at me it wouldn't be too hard to convince a jury that he was innocent. My tapping ceased as I threw the file on my desk. "Seth, take this back to Tanya and tell her that I want Mr. Smith in my office at nine am sharp." "Yes, Mr. Cullen," Seth jumped, snatching the file away and nearly sprinting out of the room. Taking a deep breath I loosened my tie and took off my silk fitted Armani Jacket. If this were a normal day I would have yelled at Seth for not bringing me these files sooner. However, today was unlike any other day. My fingers twitched with anticipation as I willed myself not to think about where I'll be in a few hours. Moving out of my chair I stood in front of a large window looking out on the beautiful city of New York. Working as a corrupt defense lawyer certainly did have its perks. I had so much money I could afford to wipe my ass with hundred dollar bills. I can still recall certain mentally fucked up kid searching for his way out of the Asylum. Shuddering I push the image of a pale, skinny teenager nearly unrecognizable with bones protruding out of his flesh as he rambled insistently about the Archangel that haunted him. I would never forget the sterile needles, intoxicating smell of disinfectants as they drugged me up and left me to rot in a cell for eighteen months. When I was no longer a threat, being dubbed cured I realized that pretending to be normal was essential to my survival. Soon I abandon the dark whispers of the night that beckoned me, ignored the hairs that stood at the back of my neck every time I felt Gabriel was near and instead religiously took my medication. Many painful years of rejecting him and my love for Jasper went by. Carlisle had put me back in high school where I finished proudly. When I left for University I shared a dorm room with Garrett who taught me all about the wonders of sucking cock and anal sex. After Yale Garrett and I had started this law firm with the money Carlisle had given me. In no time we moved to New York City and gain notoriety through crooked judges and police men ready to stick their cock into anything that moved. Unethical? Perhaps, however it all paid off in the end. Now, we were one of the most sought after defense lawyers in the whole damn city. E&G Criminal defense office racked in over a hundred million a year, with numerous Attorney's working for us, international board members and with every twisted judge in our back pockets we never lost a case. All the greatest criminals in the world wanted us to represent them. These men were no different than the Politicians and mass media organizations that ran our daily lives, the only differences was that they were honest about robbing people, raping and killing them. While the media advertised products we didn't need, the government officials legalized slave trades in third world countries. They all pulled the strings of society whereas we went along with it like puppets. Not anymore though. A homeless man shouldn't been thrown in jail just because he has a mental disorder and couldn't get access to his medication. Men who rape little girls shouldn't be put away or face capital punishment because watching fifteen year old girls dance around half naked in music videos is cool. If their desire is turned into a commodity with its own intrinsic value then why should he be punished for living it out? I chuckled to myself. Very few people in the world thought like I did. It wasn't normal to consider people conceptualized into power struggles through their everyday lives. So deep in thought I didn't hear the loud boisterous voice of my roommate and best friend Garrett. The door swung open, making me flinched when the devil himself waltzed into the room. With his tousled black hair and sharp brown eyes, he threw me a roguish smirk. "What the fuck are you brooding about?" Garrett asked as he sat in my chair. "Today's the day," I mumbled, bracing my hand against the glass window. Although we were over thirty stories high I kept my eyes firmly on the skyline. It had been eight years, eight fucking years and finally he was coming out of prison. Garrett snorted and I whipped my head around to glare at him. "What?" I snapped. "You don't honestly think he'll remember you." He said. "Come on Edward, he's been in prison for eight years." "He would never forget-" "Fine," He cut in. "Let's say he does remember you. After everything you've done, do think he'll want to be anywhere near you?" "Stay the fuck out of it, when I want your fucking opinion I'll ask." I fumed. He scoffed. "Whatever. Just remember who was there to pick up the pieces while he was gone." "Are you done?" "Yes," "Is there something you wanted?" I asked stilled annoyed. If this day was like every other day I would have thrown him out or screamed at him, but since today was abnormal I let me anger simmer as I waited for him to tell me what he required. His lip twitch, like he was fighting a smile. "Nah, I just wanted to see your pretty face." I try not to but in the end I laugh. "Fucker," He came up behind me and wrapped his arm around my waist, brushing his cheek against mine. Inhaling deeply I relax into the embrace. "What time will you be home tonight?" "I don't know, late probably." "My mother is making her famous Casserole's and is requesting your presence. So I guess we can have food poisoning together." I chuckled. "Come on, it isn't that bad." "Say's the guy who had explosive diarrhea the last time we ate her cooking." "Is this your way of persuading me to come tonight? Because I can tell you now, it isn't working." "Please," He mock pouted. "As my best friend and the love of my life I need you to endure the family dinner with me." I shifted, uncomfortable in his arms. "Garrett…" "Sorry," His arms fell from my waist and he took a step back. "I always seem to say and do the wrong thing around you…Ugh, I should probably get back to work. Don't forget dinner tonight!" He called as he walked out of my office. Running a hand through my hair I shoved whatever growing feelings I had in my chest back down. It wasn't the time to think about it because today was a very important day. Gathering whatever left over work I had, which included Jasper's file and clothing, I put in my brief case. Pressing one on the phone I heard it ring before my driver picked up. "Yes, Mr. Cullen," "Is my private jet ready, Aro?" "Yes, Sir, I have arranged a car to be waiting for you." "Good," I hung up. Grabbing my jacket and brief case I walked out of my office, Seth and Tanya swarmed me, both of them speaking at the same time. The three of us stalked towards the elevator. "Your flight is ready, remember go to Gate B. I will text you everything you need to know about Mr. Smith-" Tanya rambled. "They said that the jet couldn't serve meatloaf for dinner so I had them imported smoked ham instead-" Seth injected. "I had your suitcase packed. Aro has it in the trunk." Tanya said. "Is there anything else I can do for you Mr. Cullen," Seth asked. "Yeah, there is." I looked at them both sternly. "Fucking relax." They laughed. "Take the night off, both of you. But, I need you here at eight am sharp and ready for Mr. Smith. I'll see you guys bright and early tomorrow." I waved them off and got onto the elevator. Yes, today was a very special day because in just a few hours I would set foot in a town I had sworn to forget and pick up the man who had haunted my dreams every night for the last eight years. Today I was heading back to Clallam County Corrections Facility in Washington. Once the jet finally took off I started to relax in my seat. The bundle of nerves made my stomach rolled as I reached into my pocket took out my prescription medication. Sucking in a deep breath I grabbed a bottle of water and choked the pills down eagerly. My chest tightened as I felt the familiar heat burn through my muscles and skin. Eight years and still the thought of going back into that hospital sent me into a panic. I can still remember being dragged away by those men and taken to the Asylum in Port Angeles. During my brief stay there I had quickly learned what behavior was acceptable and what wasn't. There I had truly learned what it would like to be in the depths of hell. "Would you like your dinner now Mr. Cullen?" A cute flight attendant asked. "No," I said brusquely, and she left. My hand curled into a fist as I thought about the last couple of weeks. I couldn't keep anything down. I could barely eat after I got the news from Charlie that they were letting Jasper go free today. Six months after my release from the hospital I tried to visit Jasper every day in prison but he refused to fucking see me. I would wait in the visiting room for hours until they forced me to go home. On top of that I always made sure he had money to buy cigarettes, snacks, tooth paste and whatever that needed to be bought. Clenching my fist tighter I tried to keep the emotions at bay because I didn't want to believe that Jasper hated me. He couldn't. Love was much stronger than hate. After eight years I would make him fucking love me. Looking out the tiny window I watched as the sun began to set. For a long time I had let myself become normal. I had gone to university, graduated top of my class and finished with honors. In the end it didn't mean much if he wasn't there with me. My phone vibrated, Garrett's number showing up on the screen. I saw that I had ten missed class from him. Turning my phone off, I shoved it back into my pocket. Although, he was my best friend Garrett never understood all of the shit I've been through. He didn't know that I was a meandered fucker, who'd claw his way to the top or that I was a few pills away from being completely crazy. No, he just couldn't comprehend what it was like to force smiles until my cheeks