Warning: This FF contains harsh language, mature themes, sexually suggestive content and it is a slash. Please be advised that if you are not over eighteen then you should not read. Disclaimer: Do not own twilight all the characters belong to SM. rOtTeN APpLEs I was rotten. Like an apple I appear lush with deliciousness but my insides were the color brown, sodden with bacteria and had a foul stench. Disgusting to look at and would probably make anyone vomit due to the thin layer of hair that was colored black, blue and slimy green. Shriveled up, with puss seeping through the thick skin, I was decaying inwardly. The deterioration hadn't begun to cover the outer layer and on the outside I look normal, shinning -shimmering in the light deceiving everyone. I looked perfectly fine. I was the picture of a ripe golden apple, ample with flavor, ready to be tasted and explored by anyone who dared. Sitting among the other apples I'd converse politely, although never letting on my true nature. Whilst letting the virus spread, until they realized it was too late, I had infected them all. However sick and twisted I was internally, I was still a normal person, only on the inside I was rotten to the core. My bitter hands gripped the headboard as the man above me moved forcefully. " Uh huh ," I groaned louder as he pounded into me mercilessly hitting that spot. My knees trembled as sweat dripped down my forehead and back. The man above me rolled his hips and started moving with impossible speed taking me high into the heavens then leaving me there. My lips fell open into a silent scream as my whole body quivered with desire. The heat swirled around us and engulfed me making the air thick with my musk. Looking back on everything that had happened, I figured it was my fucked up genetics that brought me here. Not only was I supposed to be the leader of the wolf pack in La Push, but my great grandfather had been the chief of the Quileute land. However fate decided to fuck me over. Resentfully I watched as all my closest friends got the fever and became hulking muscular men over night, while I stayed the same. All through high school I was incredibly lanky with just enough muscle mass to keep me alive. My predicament became a large problem amongst our people because everything we followed was tradition. Our culture was built on it and without it things would automatically go to shit. As much as the council bemoaned the situation the facts remained the goddamn same, I was never going to turn into a wolf. It was only then that I discovered the true meaning of acrimony and contempt, they bundled into my stomach rooting themselves there. Shame and disgrace were the least of my problems. Without a proper the leader the pack would turn into rancorous raging beasts with no direction destroying everything in their path. After a few incidents with rogue werewolves the council decided to step in and name an Alpha. Pure blind jealousy tore through me when they announced that Sam Uley, a half Quileute man, from our reservation would be taking the position of Alpha. My revulsion for Sam turned into deep disgust for his ability to get anything he pleased. Not only did he attack and nearly kill his significant other but they were now engaged. Whenever he was around me, I reeked of repugnance for him and the council however I did my best to hide it. I had to be strong because I knew they could smell my weakness. It was a strong odour that saturated my entire body. When the reservation got word of the new changes the council had made my life turned into a living hell. The humiliation of the situation was worse than anything I had ever had to endure. These days Billy could hardly stand the sight of me. I was an embarrassment to all werewolves, and to Ephraim himself because I would not be carrying the torch. Despite the fact that we were all best friends the pack shared a bond that I would never understand. Nevertheless, they all had sympathy for the poor kid with his crippled father and inferior genetic makeup yet I had none. I wanted to be a wolf more than anything, and it was punch to the gut every time they waltzed around like they fucking owned the place. Eventually I got over it and integrated myself into the pack. I went to all the meetings, tried my best to give as much input as possible but in the end all I did was make food for them and lend them a place to crash after their shifts. At twenty I moved out of my father's house, got a good job at the local auto shop and bought a small house near La Push Lake. The pack practically lived at my house, coming and going whenever they damn well pleased. The constant company made my skin crawl and my blood boil. In addition to being a fuck up of a wolf or should I say non-wolf, I was also gay. I was a gay man so deep in the closet I couldn't even see the door. And as if things couldn't get worse I was a virgin. They would all laugh when sex was mention because I'd blush wildly due to my inexperience. Emily, Sam's fiancé, kept trying to set me up with a few of her cousins regardless of the fact that I had no interest in being with any girl. Of course she didn't know that. "Right there ," I moaned, he changed his angle slamming his hips into me making my whole body jump forward. Kneeing softly my arms gave out and my black hair fell over my eyes as the side of my face rubbed against the bed sheets. Life on the reservation was boring. Nearly everyone in the pack had imprinted or had a significant other. Unfortunately for me there aren't any gay people in La Push and the thought of trying to find one sent me into hysterics. One day after playing a marathon of World of War Craft I came across a random ad on the internet. It said that there was a man looking for some sexual exploration. Curiosity got the better of me and I read on. The ad gave out a number to call if anyone was interested. At first I thought it was crazy to even be considering it. There were so many things that could go wrong with meeting random strangers on the internet. Without thinking I grabbed the nearest phone and dialed the number. Before I could hang up a man picked up the phone and my hands shook as I asked if he was the guy who put that ad on the internet. Before I could grasp the gravity of the situation we were setting up a time and place to meet. A few days later I found myself deep in the forest trying to find the cabin he had described. Regardless of the fact that this was beyond creepy and trying to talk myself out of it several times I finally found it. Specific instructions were left on the door with a small key taped to it. I always thought I'd lose my virginity to some guy that I loved to some cheesy song like they do in the movies. But at twenty the pretense began to wear off and I realized that I might never find a person that I loved or loved me and I didn't want to go on being a virgin. Gathering some courage I opened the door and was greeted by a man named Edward. The lights were dimed so I couldn't really see his face but he had such a kind voice that I found myself being comfortable around him. "Don't be afraid," He had said. "I won't hurt you and if you are ever uncomfortable with things just tell me to stop." I believed him. I told him it was my first time and he was so inconceivably gentle, touching me with such care and adoration, making sure that I was brought to the peak of orgasms then building up the momentum all over again. From his dark silhouette Edward was slim with broad shoulders, had a small waist and was much more muscular than I ever would be. His voice was rough and deep yet at the same time tender and moderate. Finally I was torn away from my unpleasant life and thrown into a world I knew nothing about. A world where sex was my birth mother and pure blind pleasure was my father. Edward had taught me how to angel myself just right in order to achieve maximum exhilaration. So many different positions, Edward pounded me ruthlessly showing no mercy yet showered me with kindness and educating me in the art of loving making. We had sex once a week in this cabin for over two months and before I knew it I was falling for him. As pathetic as I was of course I had to fall for the first guy to ever fuck me. And I fell hard. Edward of course had two rules; one was no kissing and the other was no cuddling after intercourse. I didn't mind much at first because I didn't know anything about him but after two months I desperately wanted a kiss. Strong cool hands gripped my tiny waist bringing me back to the present, I whined as he continued to plunge deeper, then I winced because for some reason Edward always had cold hands. "So tight for me," Edward moaned, digging his fingers into my hip bones. Aggressive my nature Edward unintentionally left bruises on my skin. Whether they were large hickies covering my inner thigh or painful lashing from our BDSM nights there was always a reminder of what we did that marked my body. Due to my shy disposition I didn't have the heart to tell him that it hurt me sometimes only because I was so frantic to hold to him as long as possible. I feared that he would get bored of me and want somebody else. At night I spent most of my time distressed thinking that one day I might turn up at the cabin to find Edward balls deep in some other guy. Was he fucking someone else? Probably. Despair ate away at me during the day while I tried to focus on work and that was when I realized that my infatuation had consumed me. I was obsessed with him. Nothing felt right until he was pounding my ass roughly. The world didn't make sense unless I was near him. As my fixation grew I knew I could no longer function without him and it started to become unbearable. Abruptly he clutched my hair jerking my neck backwards. "You are such a dirty slut aren't you?" "Y-yes, but only for y-you," I stuttered out. A few more achingly long thrust, and I was cuming hard. Eyes rolling backs into my head I convulsed wailing loudly as my ass clenched tightly around his cock. He came shortly after quivering and screaming my name. Falling beside me we laid together with the sound of our deep breathing echoing through the room. "Very good, Jacob. You are learning." He said appreciatively. It was too dark to see his face but I knew he was smiling. It amazed me that after every time we had sex Edward didn't even break a sweat or seem out of breathe."Thanks," He rolled over and began getting dressed. "I have to meet Alice in an hour or so. I'm sorry about leaving so abruptly but feel free to stay as long as you want my house is your house." After