Green Eyes and Cigarettes ( i'll admit, i had too much fun writing leather-jacket-wearing percy) Disclaimer : I don't own the cover image, Percy Jackson and the Olympians or The Heroes of Olympus. But that's pretty obvious. You're the kind of reckless that should send me running but I kinda know that I won't get far; - Taylor Swift Annabeth Chase is the smartest student in her school - maybe in Manhattan - and at the top of her class. At the age of 17, she's already got 3 college offers with amazing architecture programs, and she's a shoe-in to be the valedictorian at her graduation. In between balancing all her advanced classes and extra-curricular activities (like captaining the Mathletes Club and the school volleyball team), she also happens to be the president of the student representative council, and in her spare time, she works part-time shifts at the Barnes and Noble bookstore down the street. So, it's safe to say that Annabeth Chase can handle just about anything thrown her way. Except maybe one person. As soon as she catches that sudden, familiar whiff of cigarette smoke, chlorine and coffee, it's a little harder to think straight, and all worries and thoughts about yesterday's trigonometry test vanish from Annabeth's mind. Because that scent can only mean one thing. Beside her, Thalia is still talking animatedly about the latest Fall Out Boy album, but Annabeth barely hears her. Her gaze is fixated on a certain dark haired boy with an almost intense fascination. He's dressed in his usual attire. Leather jacket, beat-up Converse, faded jeans and a battered messenger bag slung over his shoulder. A cocky smirk adorns his chiselled-jawed face, and the cigarette dangling from his lips is the clear source of the scent she'd inhaled earlier. Annabeth watches, almost in a trance as he slips the lighter back into his pocket before finishing his cigarette and discarding it into the nearest trash can with a quick flick of his hand. His eyes are like oceans, sparkling sea green and captivating her with every single crashing wave. They flicker towards her and her breath hitches involuntarily in her throat. Percy Jackson is a mystery to her. Everybody knows Percy Jackson. The infamous 'bad boy', captain of the swim team and possibly the most attractive teenage boy in all of Manhattan. But Annabeth has yet to figure him out. There's something about him that makes even the most confident girls stutter and go doe-eyed and melt all over him like popsicles on a sweltering summer day. He's the kind of guy that breaks hearts for fun. He's the kind of guy that gets sent home early for setting his teacher's desk on fire. That boy is hazardous . Just like those packs of Malboros he's always smoking. Outgoing, self-assured and downright cocky, everything about Percy screams ' Dangerous!' with several extra warning labels. There's only one word she'd use to describe him. Trouble. Admittedly, she's always been naturally curious. Even as a little girl, she would purposely do things that her parents had warned her against, like playing with strangers in the playground or using the microwave by herself, just to see what would happen. Maybe that's why she finds him so incredibly intriguing. He is a puzzle she has yet to solve, a crossword with unfinished spaces. A book with missing pages. As he walks down the hall, she can see a few girls elbowing each other, giggling slightly. There are choruses of ' Hey Percy ' s , all of which he replies to with a simple nod and a small smile. Tall, tan and toned with ebony windblown hair and a dazzling smirk, Percy Jackson is a catch and he most definitely knows it. And by a pure stroke of luck, he is also the boy that Annabeth just so happens to be tutoring in math. Walking right towards her. Thalia nudges her ribs suddenly, causing Annabeth to inhale sharply. "Yo, what's wrong? You look distracted." Annabeth shakes her head with a hasty ' no time to explain ' look because Percy Jackson is now leaning against her locker, looking down at her with a lopsided smile on his face. "Hey, Annie." Annabeth nods, smiling vaguely. "Hi Percy. How was the test yesterday?" "Uh... About that..." He reaches up to rub the back of his neck awkwardly, a tinge of crimson creeping up his cheeks and Annabeth shakes her head, almost amused. "Let me guess. Still need more help?" He nods, his ears red with embarrassment, which is a rare sight. "Sorry I'm taking up so much of your time, I just can't seem to get the hang of this goddamn subject-" Annabeth cuts him off with a wave of her hand. "It's fine, really. Why don't you meet me at the library after school, and we can work on it then?" "Oh god, you're the best. Thank you, thank you, thank you ." Before she can respond, Percy gives her his famous grin and a quick kiss on the cheek before strolling off to first period, whistling as he goes. And Annabeth doesn't even hear Thalia's awed mutter of " Did Percy fucking Jackson just kiss you ?" because of all the blood roaring in her ears and her heart pounding against her ribcage like a trapped animal trying to break free. Later, in English, there are at least 4 people that ask her why her face is so red. He's leaning lazily against the wall at the back of the library, his hands stuffed in his pockets, oblivious to all the coveted stares he's receiving from a bunch of girls clustered around a nearby table. His jawline is so sharp it could cut through butter. Annabeth quickly makes her way over to him, clutching her stack of books tightly. He greets her with the usual smile, his hair damp with droplets from having just gotten out of the pool. He's abandoned his usual leather jacket and is wearing his favourite dark blue hoodie, the one with the faint purple paint stains on the sleeves from an accident in art class. Annabeth clearly remembers the time he told her about it during one of their many tutoring sessions. "Annie, there you are! Was starting to think you'd blow me off," He chuckles, and she smiles apologetically. "Sorry I'm late, I got held up by Mrs Davis about some Mathletes thing..." She trails off, suddenly realising that he probably doesn't really care. Percy shrugs, still grinning. "It's perfectly fine. I know how busy you are, so it's really nice of you to fit me into your schedule." "I told you, it's not a problem." She sets her books down at a table, smiling. "Besides, I like tutoring you." Annabeth's cheeks instantly tinge pink as she realises what that might have implied. Maybe she shouldn't have said that. His grin morphs into a smirk, leaving her even more flustered. Percy being Percy, he instantly rushes to pulls her chair back for her, earning him a gracious smile. For a so-called bad boy, he's one of the most chivalrous guys she's ever met, courtesy of Ms Jackson, of course. Annabeth's only met the woman once but she's absolutely lovely. Taking a seat opposite her, he reaches into his bag and pulls out his textbook, cracking it open eagerly. "Okay. I'm all set." Annabrth can't help but laugh slightly, shaking her head. "Wow, someone's excited to learn math. That's a first." He cocks his head to one side. "Learning math is only fun when you're teaching it." Annabeth lowers her head so he won't see the blush blooming on her cheeks. "Good to know. Alright, we'll start off here..." The minutes tick by as they go through the syllabus together, Percy being super attentive and asking questions whenever he doesn't understand anything, which is pretty often. Nevertheless, Annabeth is patient and soon, he's starting to get the hang of it, even though he seems distracted. Annabeth's having a hard time concentrating as well, especially because he's leaning in so fucking close , and his hoodie smells of freshly baked cookies, which doesn't really fit the whole 'bad boy' exterior, and she can count every single one of his dark eyelashes... "So now, x equals to...?" Percy furrows his eyebrows in concentration, staring down at the problem like his life depends on it. She can't help but think that he looks really cute when he scrunches his nose like that. After a few beats of silence, he nervously opens his mouth. "Negative 6?" " Brilliant . Great job, Percy. I'm impressed." He grins, and a glimpse of his dazzling white teeth leaves her in a daze. As if she isn't incoherent enough already. "Woah. I think I'm really getting better at this." He seems almost shocked at himself. "Like I've said. You, Miss Chase, are a miracle ." She rolls her eyes playfully. "I think you're overexaggerating a tad bit." He scoffs. "Come on. If I have to list down everything that makes you so amazing, we'd be here all night. You're a fucking genius , you're like, the smartest girl in the country . You can solve algebra problems faster than I can eat a granola bar. You've got what, 3 college offers? 4? You're the head of Mathletes and the volleyball team, and not to mention the student representative council. You're literally a prodigy." Annabeth blinks owlishly. She isn't quite sure which part takes her aback the most. The fact that Percy knows what the word ' prodigy ' means, or that he's ever paid attention to her achievements at all. Annabeth doesn't really know what to say now. People rarely leave her speechless. "So, you going to the pep rally this Friday?" He arches an eyebrow at her expectantly as they walk down the street together, the wind making leaves dance along the pavement. Being the true gentleman that he is, he's offered to walk her home (and even carry her books) because apparently, he's going the same way as her. And even though she knows that he lives on the other side of town, she doesn't say a word. Annabeth nods, sighing. "Unfortunately, I have to. But seriously, I'd much rather stay at home and watch How I Met Your Mother with a tub of Rocky Road ice-cream." He laughs, dimples dancing on his cheeks. "You've just given me another reason to like you." Annabeth's feeling bold all of a sudden and she lifts her chin up to look at him. "Oh, is that so?" She asks cheekily. "I wasn't aware that there were any reasons in the first place." Percy knits his eyebrows together, as if he's thinking about something. "You'd be surprised how many there are, Wise Girl." "Wise Girl? Seriously ?" He smirks. "Would you prefer I call you something else? Like, darling , for instance? Or baby?" Annabeth rolls her eyes, fighting the colour threatening to appear on her cheeks. "Oh, please . I certainly have a crying need for that." He doesn't respond, just stares at her, his forehead creased, deep in thought. A smile tugs at the side of his lips, and Annabeth starts to feel self-conscious. His eyes are so bright, it's a little unnerving. Finally, he speaks up. " So..." He starts off slowly. "I've got an idea. If you- if you're up for it, I mean." He seems nervous, almost like he's fumbling for words, which is so utterly uncharacteristic of him that Annabeth has to hold back a smile. Somehow, that sounds like a challenge to her, and challenges are her specialty. "Oh yeah? What?" "There's this new pizza place down the street." He stops walking, trying to choose his next words carefully. In one arm, he's balancing her enormous stack of books precariously, the other hand reaching up to rake through his already dishevelled dark hair. American Apparel models everywhere would be downright envious. She bites