Magical Metamorphosis Chapter 1: The First Steps Trigger Warnings: This fic will contain depictions and descriptions of abuse, dysphoria, transphobia, depression and self harm. Author's Note: This story starts the morning after Harry asks McGonagall to sign the Hogsmeade permission slip, in the Chapter "Flight of the Fat Lady." Also a huge thank you and credit to Twigwise (Kaniel) from the tumblr of the same name for allowing me to use his Harriet Potter artwork for this fic. With a stretch and a yawn, Harry kicked off his blankets and lazily reached for his glasses. Rolling out of bed he plodded to the bathroom. After splashing water on his face he paused at the mirror, smiling at how his hair had finally grown passed his ears. 'Aunt Petunia would throw a fit,' he thought gleefully. What had started as a minor act of rebellion against his Aunt was truly growing on him. Returning to his trunk, he pulled out a clean set of robes. Quickly changing, he paused, looking at his recent purchases and biting at his lip in a moment of indecision. Eventually he steeled his Gryffindor courage and reached into his trunk. 'I bought them; I might as well wear them.' He slipped a band of gold around his wrist, enjoying the way the morning light reflected off it as he turned it. Then he slipped a necklace around his neck, taking a second to settle the Snitch shaped charm on his robes. He'd been struck by an overwhelming desire to buy them, when he spotted them during his wanderings of Diagon Alley. He would come stare at them almost as often as the Firebolt. It had taken him almost until the last moment for him to finally bring himself to buy them. And now, almost two months into the school year, he had finally managed to put them on. Harry felt a strange thrill run through him, and felt incredibly silly over it. 'It's just some simple jewellery, why am I nervous? People wear stuff like this all the time, it's fine.' Shaking his head at how ridiculous he was being, he wandered over to poke Ron awake. "Five mo' minutes," came the ginger's slurred reply. When further prodding simply made Ron hide under his pillow, Harry rolled his eyes and started heading for the door. "If you're not up in ten, I'm sending Hermione up after you." He grinned at the memory of last time he'd done that – it had ended with a cursing, dripping wet Weasley chasing a laughing Hermione around the Common Room. Harry glanced around as he reached the Common Room, frowning at the absence of his bushy haired friend. 'That's weird,' he thought. 'Usually she'd be awake by this time.' He settled on the arm of one of the red couches to wait. He was glad that it was the weekend now, and he could spend the day with his friends. It would help to distract from the disappointment of Professor McGonagall refusing to sign his Hogsmeade form. Looking up from his thoughts, he spotted Neville passing by. He called out to him, "Hey Neville, how're you doing?" Jerking around to look at him, the round faced boy said, "Oh hi, Harry. I'm alright. How have you been?" Harry gave a shrug. "I'm fine." Neville nodded agreeably, and then hesitated. "So, umm… that's a nice bracelet you're wearing. Does it mean anything?" Harry looked down at gold band on his wrist, nervously touching it. "Ah, no. No, it doesn't mean anything. I just felt like it, is all." "Oh, okay," Neville said cautiously. "Well it suits you, anyway." Harry smiled at him, wondering at the sudden burst of warmth he felt. "Thanks, Neville." With a final nod and small smile, Neville continued out of the Common Room. Harry looked back over to the girls' stairs, just as Parvati and Lavender descending them. Hopping up, he gave them a wave and hurried over. "Uh, hey Parvati, Lavender, is Hermione still up there?" The girls gave him a smile, Lavender nodding helpfully. "Yeah, she was still in bed when we were getting ready," she said brightly. Harry frowned at that. Even on weekends, Hermione rarely slept in. After a moment of hesitation, Harry nodded to himself. "Alright, thank you. I'm going to check on her." He started up the stairs briskly, looking for the door labelled for Third Years. Reaching the top of the tower he saw the right one, and knocked on it. "Hermione, are you okay in there?" He waited, and after several seconds was rewarded by the faint sounds of sheets. He turned away from the door, just in case. A moment later the door opened. "Harry!?" He jerked at the incredulity – and volume – of Hermione's voice. "What are you doing here!?" He turned back towards her without thinking, catching a glimpse of her dressing gown, before hurriedly turning away again. "I just wanted to check you were alright. You're usually up way earlier, is all." There was a long silence, before Hermione finally said, "Harry. You can't be up here." Harry winced and started quickly down the stairs. "Sorry, sorry! I didn't know that was a rule." "Wait, that's not-" Hermione cut off, the door closing behind him. He hurried into the Common Room, passed Parvati and Lavender. He spotted Ron sitting on the same couch Harry had used earlier. Ron looked at him curiously as he approached. "What's the matter?" Harry shook his head and sighed, slumping down next to him. "I didn't know there was a rule about us going up there." He nodded towards the stairs to the Girls' Dormitory, where Hermione had appeared. "Hope she's not too upset about it." The two of them stood as Hermione approached, looking in rather a state. Her hair was bushier than normal and her robes looked slightly crushed. Before Harry could say anything she asked, "How did you do that?" Harry shared a confused glance with Ron. "Um, how did I do what?" Hermione huffed as if he was being particularly thick, putting her hands on her hips. "How did you get up the stairs, Harry? They should have activated by the third step at least." Harry was feeling more and more confused by the second. "I don't know what you're on about Hermione. I just walked up them." She huffed again. "That's impossible, Harry. They're charmed to prevent any boys going up them." Harry shared another confused look with Ron. "Then how did I get up there?" "That's what I just asked you!" she exclaimed, throwing up her hands in irritation. "Maybe the enchantment wore off," Ron offered tentatively, before cringing at the glare Hermione gave him. "It's been there since the Founders, Ronald! It wouldn't just wear off!" Ron stood with a stubborn expression. "Well why don't we just see," he said, and marched over to the Girls' stairs. Pausing to make sure Hermione was watching, he began climbing the stairs. He reached the sixth step before the stairs melted together into a smooth ramp and a loud, wailing alarm filled the air. Harry winced as Ron went ass over teakettle to the bottom of the stairs. He and Hermione hurried over to help him up, even as others in the room chuckled. As they dusted Ron off, Harry glanced at Hermione. "So if the enchantment's still working, why didn't it affect me?" Hermione stared into the distance with a thoughtful look on her face. "He shouldn't... but what if he... and wearing a necklace... so maybe..." She shook her head and turned to them. "Harry, try the stairs again." Harry looked at the current slide, then at Ron, before shrugging and placing his foot against the slope. After a moment, the klaxon fell silent and the slide morphed back into a step before them. Looking back to Hermione in confusion, Harry withdrew his foot. "So what does this mean?" Hermione chewed at her lip. "Let's sit down," she said eventually, leading them over to the couches. When Harry and Ron were seated, looking confused and slightly impatient, she sighed. "Alright Harry, please just listen and let me finish. I just remembered something I read about once before coming to Hogwarts. I'd seen an article about someone who was born a man, but was living as a woman. I was curious, so I went to the library to learn more. The name for it is transgender. Transgender people typically experience a sense of their body being wrong, known as dysphoria. It is frequently described as feeling like 'being born in the wrong body', or feeling like parts of themselves are missing." Harry suddenly found it oddly hard to breathe. It was as if something in his mind had just clicked. Distantly, he heard his friends talking. "Wait, are you saying you think Harry's a tran-whatever-the-hell?" "Transgender, Ron. And can you think of another reason the Founders' magic would identify Harry as girl?" "But then why has Harry never said anything about those sorts of feelings, huh?" "Because I wasn't allowed to," said a loud voice. It took Harry a moment to realise it had been his own. Ron and Hermione turned to Harry, who stared resolutely down at his clenched fists. The words seemed to be pouring out of him now. "I never knew there was a word for it. I always thought I was just a freak. The Dursleys hated me talking about it, so I just stopped." "Oh, Harry!" Hermione threw her arms around him, as Ron's face took on a mixture of horror and confusion. "So you're saying you think you're one of these transgenders?" Ron asked, before hurriedly adding, "Not that I think that makes you a freak or anything!" Harry let out a sigh as Hermione released him and pulled back, though she took his hands into hers. "I don't know. It sounds kind of like what I've felt, but I don't know if that's actually what I am." "The books I read said that people who think they are transgender should try experimenting with expressing their gender," Hermione said, running her thumb over the back of Harry's hand. "Trying things associated with the gender you feel like. And if they feel right, if they make the dysphoria feel less, then it's probably right and you're probably transgender." "So he should try on a bunch of makeup and dresses and stuff and see if he likes it?" Ron asked slightly incredulously, looking between his two friends. "If Harry wants to," Hermione replied simply. "Harry can try dresses and makeup and even jewellery, if that's what she feels like." She moved her hand to touch the bracelet Harry was wearing, and looked up at Snitch necklace. Harry pulled his hands back, covering the accessories self-consciously. "Even if we say I am transgender," Harry said carefully, "what does it matter? I don't want to go around looking like a guy in a dress. I'd look stupid." "The muggle world has ways of helping transgender people look like the gender they feel they are," Hermione answered gently. "There's medication they can take and surgeries they can have. And surely there's something we can do with magic that would be even better than what they can offer." Despite her reassuring tone, Harry was even more nervous. "That sounds like a lot of things for something we're still not sure about, Hermione." She nodded and said, "Let's start by trying easy, temporary stuff first. For example, how does this feel? Harry Potter is a girl. She is my friend and I want her to be happy." Harry's breathing hitched and tears appeared in his eyes. He turned away quickly, swiping at them irritably. "Blimey," breathed Ron, watching wide-eyed. "You really are a transgender aren't you?" Harry took several steadying breaths, nodding slowly. "I think so. I'm a girl," she said, with a smile, before looking to Hermione. "So what should I do?" Hermione squeezed