OC: Name: Rose Tatiana (Great One Fairy Queen) Eye Color: Emerald Hair Color: Pure Gold Race: Fairy Rank: Queen Spirit Animal: Dragon, Wolf, Mermaid, Unicorn, etc. Info: Last Fairy, Queen of the forgotten and the lost, Only fairy with gold hair, married to Thranduil, Has a son name Caellum (Brave Warrior), Most powerful fairy, Doesn't know who Thranduil actually is, Protector of Durin's children, Peaceful, Goes into deep sleep when extremely injured, Fairies can die from darkness, Has two sets of wings one for war the other for when needed to go places faster or is at home. Code- Elven Fairy Chapter One When I woke, I woke to bright lights and the haunting screams of my people risking their lives to save mine. Guilt heavy in my mind but also anger for the ones who took my kin from me fueled me to wake up. Feeling something heavy on my chest I opened my eyes and saw pale gold hair and light blue/ emerald eyes and a smile so like his father's. Elrond came in since I have been living in Rivendell since I woke up finding my people gone. Smiling I picked up my little boy and when I did so both our clothes automatically changed. Elrond spoke " Morning, Mellon " I nodded in greeting my son cooing in greeting. He walked us to breakfast him telling me his plans for the day " We are to have guests today " I looked at him in shock " I was just informed by the messengers from Erebor, Mirkwood,Dale, and Lake Town not that long ago but hadn't had the time to tell you about it since you have been busy. " I gave Elrond a look that said yeah right. " Elrond, my brother I am not a fool you didn't want me to find out so that I won't drive you crazy complaining about the men and the other elves. I also know that you did this on purpose so do not try to fool me. " I scowled at him. " Yes I admit it does that make you happy now Rose, my sister. " He said smirking. I growled at him holding my son and speeding off not happy with him at all. When I reached the dining area I bumped into Lindir who looked stressed out more than usual. " What is wrong Lindir? " I asked him He replied saying " They have arrived ." I looked confused for a minute till I finally remembered that the guests were arriving. Elrond had finally reached us saying "Good then let us greet them." I looked at him wanting to slap him, shaking my head. We walked in together and saw Thorin and Company, Dale's lord, Thranduil and son, and Bard and children. I had forgotten that Bard and his children along with the Company were blessed by fairies (Me). When I saw the ones I had known since forever I threw my son into Elrond's arms and attacked the Dwarves and Men. I also tackled Legolas. "Children you've grown." I exclaimed. I had always called them that and the Dwarves and men called me godmother or aunt while Bard and his children called me Auntie. They chuckled at me and I felt people staring at me and saw that is was a tall Elf that looks like Leggy but with lighter hair and with a cold gaze also with a pointy crown, the Lord of Dale was also staring at me like I grew two heads. I giggled not fully laughing since that can enchant people so I stuck to giggling unless I can't help it, of course being a fairy we have child like laughs and souls. My son was just doing what a normal almost one year old was doing grabbing for weapons or hair. Elrond has surrendered him to Legolas and it was hilarious. When the dwarves and I's stomachs rumbled loudly we all laughed but not the tall Elf. "So are we going to stand here or are we going to eat." that got the tall Elf to smirk a little. When we all sat down I looked at everyone "So why are ya'll here? It better not be about who I think it is because if it is I am going to lose it." the ones who knew me looked at me worriedly because when it comes to my Uncle I will lose it and no one can stop me from trying to kill him since he did fake my death making my husband thinking that I am dead with our unborn child. The Lord of Dale who's Bard's great great Grandson named after Bard himself spoke "I am afraid it is Auntie." I looked at Elrond worriedly. "Why are you not with your Uncle?" the tall important sassy looking elf spoke. "Because he eliminated my kin and went after me and my son before he was born wanting to break me and make sure that his son Sauron could get power especially where the hidden doorway is to the Hollow." I explained. The everyone was shocked because Sauron had been my cousin and no one knew that till now. "Well then. How do we stop him fairy mother?" Legolas asked the tall sassy Elf looked shocked at what Leggy called me. "Well that's a good question child, I have to kill him." the ones I considered family looked worried since I would sacrifice my life to destroy my Uncle if needed. The tall looking elf looked at me giving me a look that judged me. "What you don't think I can fight? There are reasons why fairies aren't to be messed with well ,weren't to be messed with." I said looking at the idiot elf who reminded me of my husband but didn't, since my husband who's name my people gave him was Nidhug Kheelan Oberon meaning Dragon Warrior, King of Fairies, was a good man but at first he was cautious of me since he had been wounded and I was the one to find him and bring him to my kingdom. Chapter Two FLASHBACK: It was a sunny beautiful day to be walking in the forest on patrol or to go on a Wild Hunt. The day was interrupted by the sounds of battle I ran towards the battle but when I got there there was no one alive but a tall Elf with silver blond hair, He had two twin blades in his hands with elven armor different from the ones lying dead on the ground. His armor was also covered in orc blood, when I stepped fully out of my forest he looked up seeing me for the first time he had a faraway look on his face. His light blue almost gray eyes was looking at me but wasn't registering it, he then collapsed I quickly ran to his side and asked an Ent to send word for some men to clean up the mess and to burn the orc bodies but send the dead elves back to their home with word that one is in no place to travel because of healing. I called for my old friend which happens to be a unicorn name Eglantine or wild rose with a ebony horn and coat also mane and tail. I tossed the ellon on top of her and climbed on after making sure he was sitting up right and told her to ride. When we reached my home which was a little cabin since I don't use the palace only for guests or celebrations and when I don't need to heal someone and keep them away from others just in case they are danger to my people. I started healing him after taking off his armor which sucked because elven armor always does and so does dwarf unless it's Mithril then that's good. Fairy armor is the best armor there is but no one can get a hold of it unless you know a fairy but now we are thought of as legends since we disappeared. We could see the future and the past and we send some things to lady Galadriel about the future. We can also heal forests and make fairy dust of course but we don't use it for flying we uses it for a lot of things like healing, knocking people out, giving someone a gift, fighting, magic, and other things like fireworks. I looked at the warrior seeing past the glamour he has to hide the fire of a fire drake. I washed off the blood from his chest wounds. He has muscle but wasn't like buff and no chest hair. His skin was pale and had very little scars on it. I rinsed out the bloody cloth to clean out the blood and went on wiping down his chest. I then waved my hand and his bottoms was changed to non bloody leggings. I patched him up and when I was done I looked at the scar on his face that marred one eye. I gently touched the scar feeling the pain it causes him. When I traced it to the bottom a hand grabbed my wrist and I looked shocked into a light blue eye and a white cloudy blind eye. " What are you doing? Who are you and where am I? " the ellon spoke since I didn't understand what he was saying I just looked at him with a confused look. When I tilted my head to one side and looked at him a strand of my pure gold hair showed without me knowing since I did have a scarf over my hair. He looked at me and we just stared at each other him noticing the strand of hair he had reached his free hand up and yanked down the scarf without me knowing it. "What are you?" he spoke in common tongue. "I am a fairy, I brought you to my home in the forest." I said also in common tongue. He looked shocked but then hid it quickly. We then got closer and closer throughout the days of his healing and when he was fully healed. I showed him my gardens and my kingdom, taught him fairy and we ended up falling in love but he never told me his name and I never asked. He was to me a Dragon Warrior and to my people a King but what we didn't know was that when the time came for him to return to his people that it would be the last time my people would see their King and I would not see my husband anymore. FLASHBACK OVER Chapter Three I had stared into space for I don't know how long but I stopped when I heard my name. I looked around and saw that everyone was already gone and Lindir stood there with my son. " Sorry Lindir I was lost in thought thank you for caring for my Caellum. " I said as I took my son from him. " It was no problem Rose. " He replied leaving. I went walking to the garden with some food and played with Caellum. Caellum had just fallen asleep when everyone came into the garden the dwarves were loud and was starting to wake Caellum up. I glared at the noisemakers with a look that said make another sound and you die. They stopped immediately and saw Caellum asleep. I smiled a greeting to everyone. "Why don't you sing a song for us Aunt." Thorin asked and I nodded and sang a song that would've been sung if it actually happened to the person. Thorin! King Under The Mountain Alas no more shall rule this domain We brethren must go on without him And ensure his death was not in vain In sleep eternal he will rest With the Arkenstone upon his breast Which evermore shall emit