Uncle Rick owes Percy Jackson, I own this plotline- don't steal it. It's backkkkkkkkkk. Slowing reposting some stories... I will be editing this as I repost and this will be rated T, not M like before. Annabeth Chase a Senior at NYU meets Peter a successful songwriter and hits it off with him right away. What happens when Peter turns out to be Percy Jackson the multi platinum recording artist? All Human, OOC, Citrus You Found Me Chapter One: Meeting Belief (Stripped Version)- Gavin Degraw Just a Kiss- Lady Antebellum Back to December- Taylor Swift Percy was walking toward Central Park sporting his usual disguise. A baseball cap covering his dark hair while his bright and highly noticeable green eyes were covered by dull brown contacts. He sighed as he pulled his phone out and noticed the ten missed calls from his manager Grover. He probably needed to text him and let him know he was alive. Percy had basically ran out of the recording studio after the hundredth argument between his producer and bandleader. They had been in the studio since he got back to New York from his world tour and he desperately needed a break. He tapped the message app with his thumb and started tapping away at the keyboard letting Grover know he was okay and really just needed a break. Grover was quick to respond telling him to take the rest of the day off, Percy smiled - genuinely happy that he could relax. He had been on tour for three months and was doing the last of his concerts in a week at Madison Square Garden. Percy walked into the nearest Starbucks and quickly ordered a Venti Vanilla Bean Frap with a triple shot. The barista looked at him like she recognized him but shook her head when she saw the brown eyes. He smirked, the brown contacts always worked. Before he left he winked at the barista and flashed his trident tattoo on his wrist. Her eyes widened and she gasped but didn't rat him out as he tipped his head at her and walked out of the door with his drink in hand. When he walked into Central Park and sat down on the nearest bench and took a sip of his drink as he looked around at scenery. New York was so beautiful during this time of the year, the way the trees were turning from green to yellow then orange was absolutely breathtaking. Before Percy had gotten his ticket to fame he use to come out here to write music and play his guitar, some of his top forty hits were a product of that time. He leaned back and looked around at all of the people walking, the runners who were getting their afternoon jog in, the business men and women on their lunch break, the parents who had children and the various couples. Percy smiled at all of the normalcy going on around him, he had never wished that he could be normal again- he loved his life, writing and playing music was his thing but sometimes he needed to be on the other side. He needed to see how people still acted in the real world. Percy smiled as he watched a girl around his age sing silently and dance to whatever song was on her iPod. He laughed as he recognized the words she silently mouthed, she was listening to one of his older songs- one that he wrote here in Central Park. She stopped at the bench he was sitting at and sat down at the opposite end, she pulled her headphones out but Percy could still hear the music blaring through the speakers. She pulled out her phone and stopped the music and started tapping on her cell phone, her fingers flying across the touch screen keyboard. He watched her sigh and look up and around at her surroundings, her eyes widening when she saw Percy sitting on the opposite end as her. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize anyone was sitting here." The girl said. Percy smiled and pointed at her phone, "It's okay, I think you were a bit distracted." She laughed, "Oh! Yeah, sorry... I like to listen to my music a little too loud." Percy chuckled, "Me too, you have interesting music choices though." The girl laughed, her unique grey eyes lighting up, "I don't really like Percy Jackson that much, just that one song really. My best friend is dragging me to his concert Saturday night because she won tickets from a radio show. So, I figured I should get caught up on his music." Percy nodded remembering the meet and greet he would have after his concert, "That's probably a good idea," He laughed, "You wouldn't want to be upstaged by all the twelve year olds who will know every word." The girl laughed loudly as Percy took another sip of his drink. "You're probably right." Percy looked over at her, "I didn't peg you as the pop music type." She smirked, "You can't peg someone you don't know." Percy raised an eyebrow, "Touché." She held out her hand, "Annabeth." Percy smiled and took her hand in his, reveling for a second at the softness of it. It had been quite some time since he'd had contact with the opposite sex. "Pe- Peter, My name is Peter." Annabeth raised an eyebrow but returned the handshake. "Well, Peter it's been nice but I have to go meet my friend Thalia. We're buying new outfits for the concert." She frowned. Percy laughed truly intrigued by this girl and her fiery grey eyes. Annabeth got up and went to put her headphones back in, he got up and stood in front of her. Annabeth tilted her head to the side and looked up at him, a questioning gaze. Percy chuckled, "I'm going to be here tomorrow at this time, wanna join me?" Annabeth looked at him for a moment longer as the breeze picked up and blew her hair in front of her eyes. Percy reached out and tucked the loose strand of her hair behind her ears, Annabeth gasped when she felt his fingers graze the skin on her cheek. She quickly recovered, "Only if you bring me a Grande Caramel Macchiato." He laughed, "Deal." Annabeth walked around him and turned around walking backwards, "I guess I'll see you tomorrow." Percy turned around and held his drink up, "Until tomorrow." Annabeth laughed and turned around as she put her iPod speakers into her ear again. Percy stood there for a minute longer watching her walk away, he smiled to himself and then shook his head. Today was definitely turning out to be better than he expected it to be. Percy turned around and started walking toward the recording studio to grab his acoustic guitar, he felt like playing and maybe even a little writing. He walked in and saw that everyone had left except for Nico who was playing around on the Piano. "Dude, where'd you go?" Nico asked when Percy walked into the sound booth. Percy went over to his guitar, "I went out, I needed to get away from you and Luke. You guys were killing me with the arguing." Nico nodded, "That explains the hat and contacts." Percy had forgotten he was still wearing the contacts. "I'm just here to get my guitar then I'm going home, I might do some writing tonight." Nico smiled as he played a slow beat on the piano, "That's what I'm doing to, we have a meeting in the morning about your new album. I'm trying to get some song choices together, so we have at least somewhere to start." Percy sat down next to Nico on the piano and listened to the beat, "I like it." "Yeah, I figured since this was your third album it could be a little more you. Less techno and pop and more raw, more piano and more acoustic guitar bleeding through. Obviously you still have to record what sells but we could include something more soulful." Percy smiled, he loved the idea of allowing more of himself to bleed through his music, "Do you have lyrics written?" Nico nodded and pulled out his notebook, "I just have a verse and a possible chorus, wanna try it?" Percy nodded as Nico started the intro and prompted him when it was time to come in, singing softly with Percy to keep him in time with the music. Once Nico felt Percy had a grip on the song he stopped singing with Percy and just played as Percy closed his eyes to see if he felt the song. Belief Makes things real Makes things feel Feel alright Belief Makes things true Things like you You and I Tonight, you arrested my mind When you came to my defense With a knife In the shape of your mouth In the form of your body With the wrath of a god Oh, you stood by me Belief Nico smiled as Percy finished singing the verse and chorus he had written, "You like it?" Percy smiled widely, "I love it. I think its just what we need for the new album." "Me too, I just need to finish it." Nico said as continued playing around with different chord progressions. "Want me to stay and help?" Percy asked. Nico shook his head, "Nah, go home and see if you can come up with anything, we have a busy week anyways. You should get some rest tonight before the concerts this weekend." Percy stood up with his guitar and fist bumped Nico, "Okay, dude. I'll see you tomorrow." Nico returned the fist bump, "See you, man." Percy walked out of the sound booth and went to the bathroom to take out his contacts. He put them in the contact holder in his pocket and then put his hat in his guitar case as well as the jacket he had on. He called his car, well really SUV, up to the front of the recording studio and prepared himself to become Percy Jackson again. He'd had a fun afternoon of being Peter, of no one recognizing him but he didn't want to go home looking like Peter and give his disguise away. So, reluctantly he walked out of the studio and got into the waiting SUV. The driver drove him straight to his penthouse apartment where several paparazzi were not even bothering to hide. He sighed, put his Ray-bans on and opened the door hauling his guitar out with him, not even caring if he hit one of the paps with it. He walked straight to the door of his apartment building as his doorman opened the door for him. Percy ran his hand through his hair as he rode the twenty stories up to his penthouse. When he walked out of the elevator he sat his guitar down and grabbed his phone to order chinese. As he waited for the chinese to be delivered he pulled out his guitar and writing notebook and started strumming, trying to find a chord, a beat or a rhythm he liked. When his doorman brought his food up he had a beat he liked replaying in his head. "Mr. Jackson, your food is here." Percy looked up at his doorman, "Thanks, Will. Put it in the kitchen for me." Will nodded and walked into the kitchen. Percy went back to strumming and humming to the beat, singing softly as he started singing out different lyrics. Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight Just a touch of the fire burning so bright Percy closed his eyes as he sang the words bouncing around in his head a little louder, testing them out- seeing if they felt right. No I don't want to mess this thing up I don't want to push too far He opened his eyes and smiled, he grabbed his pencil and started writing