This is my first oneshot. I'm not overly excited about it, but I thought of it today and it is certainly easier to write this than it is to study for my Psychology final next week (; Please do, let me know what you think! You'll get imaginary Meranna points. yay yay. Extra points if you can tell me what song I was listening to when I decided to do this oneshot. If you think I could continue this, let me know! I'm not too sure about the direction I would take it, though. I'll stop rambling and let you read now. Thanks! "Drink up, gentlemen. Tonight is going to be absolutely ludicrous!" "What would give you that idea, Nott? I thought we were going to go to the bar and have a few drinks. Sounds very… tame." Draco is no doubt thinking about a tame night with a good buzz to go home and call on one of his wonton bints. "Oh no! I've let you ruin one to many weekends for me, Draco Malfoy! I need this! I need to get absolutely trashed and I'll be damned if I'm not stumbling home in the aftermath!" Blaise smirks, it is definitely going to be a great night. Every time Theo gets it in his head that he needs to get fucked up, he gets absolutely obliterated. This happens about once a month. Draco is usually hit-or-miss on these nights, depends on the bar, the club, his hair, his latest toy, the list goes on. Though it never takes much convincing. It could be noted that he secretly likes letting Theo enjoy his freedom, now that Scarlett is finally out of the picture. Fucking Scarlett. "Alright. Fine. Where are we going?" Blaise doesn't even ask because he doesn't care. Whenever it's the three of them, it is always a good time, for him. It doesn't hurt that Theodore buys endless rounds of drinks every time. Regardless, he gets to go home to his wife, staggering, and have phenomenal sex until first light. She likes to let him know that he belongs to her. It's a little game they play. "Tongue & Groove! It's the newest club in the city." "Tongue &… what?" "Groove! They had the grand opening just a few weeks ago. We should go." "Whatever, I'm down to go, Ted." Blaise interjects before Draco can be snarky. "Call me that again and I'll make you buy your own damn shots." "Draco, mate, who is it tonight?" he changes the subject, quickly. "Ugh! No! No women tonight! It's just us guys." Theo moans. Draco doesn't look pleased. "Let me reiterate it, just us ." Theo throws back the Firewhiskey and pours another glass. Draco lobs his into the back of his throat. "Go ahead, mate, give me another round." Though he acts as if he is loathing life, he flashes a brief grin. Theo really does need this. "Yas! Yas! Blaise, you heard me, right? Ginny is NOT coming!" "Sure, sure." Blaise doesn't even bother to tell Theo that she and Hermione have already had this night out planned for a while. He'll find out soon enough. As will Draco. This should be interesting. Especially since Draco still hasn't gotten over his schoolboy crush on Granger. The three drank until the bottle of Firewhiskey was gone, deciding that there was no better time to leave, they apparated to the club. Blaise leaned into Draco's ear, "Who is it tonight, mate?" "I don't know what you're talking about," Draco singsongs as he walks through the club doors without a second glance at the bouncer. "Don't be obtuse. With whom are you hooking up with tonight?" "I don't know, why do you care?" "How do you not know? You always know, unless… you're planning on finding a new girl? And I don't, I was merely… curious." There's a gleam in Blaise's eye that Draco doesn't catch. "Well, not that it's any of your business but if you must know, it's either Sarah or Emily. I'm not sure yet. Which ever one doesn't try to call me and if she's not available, then the other one." Blaise snorts, "You are incorrigible." "You know, I've heard that before." He mocks. "It's important to have someone that can make you laugh, someone that you can trust with your life, and someone who can turn you on, but what's most important, is that these people, do not know each other. At all." "Sooo, where do these two fall on that fucked up scale?" Theo interrogates him further. "I'm still trying to figure it out. Sarah definitely turns me on, but she's a dull dud. She's brilliant, no doubt, but she's got no common sense." "Emily?" "Bloody hell, she is dumb as a box of rocks. I actually enjoy her company, but it's more like I'm laughing at her- not with her. Gets annoying after about an hour after the sex." "Alright, so you've basically made two girls fit into one of those categories. How do you make fucked up logic even more fucked up? You do realize you're supposed to have ONE person that you can have all of those things with?" "I'm done talking about this." Draco snaps, "I thought we were having fun tonight? Not talking like old women in the barber shop." "Is Sarah the one with the delicious ass? Or is that Emily?" Theo interrupts like a small child; he's already had too much to drink. "Yes, Sarah has a great ass." Draco rolls his eyes. "And, Emily has the great rack, right?" "Yes." Draco replies tightly. "You know it's funny, but if you put both of them together, they kind of make a knock off version of Hermione Granger. Especially because one of them is smart and the other is like outrageously daring in the bed… right?" Draco's mouth pops open, "I mean, yes that's right but… no? What the actual fuck, Theo?" "You know, I think Theo has a point, Draco." Blaise's eyes are alight with joy. "Hermione is hot, no doubt. You date two brunettes who are unfathomably hot, but you have no real interest in either. One is smart… but not smart enough. The other is funny… in all the wrong ways. Granger, however, is known for her brains and has a great sense of humor! I bet she is a minx in the bed." "Can we please, not talk about this? I do not have it for Granger!" "Let's get to the bar!" Theo ignores his comment, acting like a kid in a lollipop shop. "Oh, look at the girl behind the bar, she's… she's… fucking hot!" He shouts into the music. "Lead the way." Blaise chuckles. Tonight really is shaping up. They find themselves sitting at the bar while Theo is acting like a smarmy twit. It's not his fault, not really. He hasn't been single in well over a year. Fucking Scarlett . The club is nice, the bar is in the center and it slowly rotates so you can see the entire building at some point or another. It's like a very, very large lazy Susan. Blaise and Draco talk casually. He catches Ginny's eye from across the bar and motions her over. "I thought we decided no ladies tonight?" "I didn't tell her we were coming." Blaise takes his shot and pushes it in front of Theo. He'll buy more shortly. "But, you knew she would be here, didn't you?" "Maybe." "Now who is the one that is incorrigible?" "Still you." "Is that… who I think it is?" "I don't know what you're talking about." Blaise repeats his own words back to him. Theo is currently trying to hit on the bartender, "Woman, you've got eyes like the pines… I could get lost in those woods." "I'm sure you could, honey. Now, stop drooling all over my bar before I kick your ass." "Oh my. You are so feisty!" He laughs. "Blaise. He's horrible with this. Honestly, do I need to say it again? What the actual -" "Hello, Blaise!" Hermione hugs him quickly after Ginny gives him a peck on the cheek. "Hey, baby! Hey, Hermione." He smiles at them, "You know, I was hoping to pick up some little tart but you definitely just ruined it for me." He puts on the dog, as if he's pouting. Ginny scoffs, "Please! In a place like this, you could still find a tart. Just don't bring her home." She winks and he knows, if he even looks at another girl, Red is going to have his balls on a stick. "I'm just kidding, sweetums." "Mhmm-" "Hello, Draco." "Oh, hi, Hermione, Ginny. How are you ladies fairing tonight?" Draco looks away briefly. Is Granger a minx? "You know, a little of this, a little of that. What are you drinking?" She steps closer, the music blaring and it's hard to hear one another without standing horribly close. Draco looks down at his drink and then up at Hermione. "I'm not even sure. Theo here keeps buying random drinks." Hermione and Ginny look at Theo who is trying to get the attention of the mixologist. "Hey, now, what's your name?" She looks beyond annoyed, "It's Kate. Need something else?" "Yeah, another round of drinks, please. My name's Theo, by the way." "Okay, Ted. I'll be right back." "You know, Kate. That's not usually how women call out my name!" "Oh, really? I'll try to sound more disappointed next time, alright?" "Damn, woman! That hurts! That really hurts." The girls look at each other and then back at Draco and Blaise. "Yeah… I don't think I'm going to drink anymore of anything that he orders." "What is wrong with him?" "Its… a long story." Ginny shakes her head, "Honestly, not enough time to explain it right now, and if we did, pretty sure ole Nott would be in tears." "Mm. Alright." Hermione looks at Ginny, who is now standing between Blaise's legs and she mentally cringes. Looks like they are stuck with the boys tonight… Behind Hermione, is standing the last person Draco wanted to see. Sarah. "Fuck" He says under his breath. He really hates seeing girls he is currently fucking in public. It just leads to… dramatic shit happening. And… as much as it pains him to admit it… He doesn't want anything going off course because of the simple fact that Hermione is there. He acts as if he doesn't see her and continues to talk to the group, trying to hide his face. "What are you doing?" Now Hermione is sitting, sideways to face him, in the open seat to the right of him. Ginny and Blaise are occupying their time by making out on his left. Theo is missing, as is the bartender. Not surprising. "Honestly?" "No, lie to me." She laughs. "Yes, honestly." "There's one of my ex's here. It didn't end very well. I'm trying to make sure she doesn't spot me." "Mhm. I don't think you're going to manage that very well." "And just why not?" Draco leans in closer to her. "Because, Malfoy. Look at you," His ego doubles in size, "that hair, it's pretty noticeable. As well as the fact that nobody, and I do mean nobody dresses like that. Even for a new club." Now, he's on the defense. Her words started out like a compliment but end in a joke with Draco as the punch line. "What is that supposed to mean? These pants are very nice!" He pats his pants as if soothing them. "Yes, yes they are." She giggles and looks around, "Don't tell me which one she is. I want to guess." "Oh, this should be fun. You think you know what type of girl I like?" Hermione shifts the chair closer to him, under the pretext that she can barely hear him over the music. "Sure. Shouldn't be too hard. I'll just find the ditsy blonde with her chin