Hello to everyone who actually bothered to click the link to this story, and welcome! This is the first time I have every posted anything on this website or written for Percy Jackson(although it's far from the first story I have ever created). I hope that everyone is satisfactorily in character and that the plot is something worth reading. Please enjoy my lovelies, and be liberal with the review button (especially if you have some magical piece of wisdom that could help me improve.) Oh, and I should probably note that I am rather dyslexic, so noticing the mistakes in my writing is not my strong suit. I have edited this to the best of my abilities, but please tell me if I missed something glaringly obvious. Disclaimer- I claim no ownership over the universe or characters that I am currently borrowing. All rights actually belong to Uncle Rick. But as this is I hope the legal world knows that Chapter One Annabeth was going to kill him. There was barely any time to think as Percy raced out the door of Cabin three, struggling with the strap of his backpack even as he crammed a mostly burnt piece of toast into his mouth. He was supposed to have been at the stables a solid 20 minutes ago to prepare for the Chariot race this afternoon. Which was all well and good. Except Percy had slept through his alarm. So he was left rushing around like it was a school day, instead of the middle of Spring Break. Not that it felt much like spring. Frost crunched noisily beneath his sneakers as Percy made his way down the path. The air was bitterly cold. Percy frowned as he pulled the orange fabric of his hoodie tighter around himself. The normal heavy fleece did absolutely nothing to protect him from the frigid wind. Above his head, clouds the colour of gunmetal and heavy with snow, pressed together thick as lead. Barely any light could slip through the gaps. Long Island, NY was not exactly known for it's balmy spring weather. Even on perfect sunny days (which were rare), the thermometer in March rarely climbed above 12 degrees. Not exactly bathing suit weather. Generally by the time April rolled around though, the weather had at least begun to improve. Or at the very least there wasn't anymore snow. Winter, seemed to have missed that memo this year. The cold season had started no different then any other. Temperatures dropped, snow fell, things froze; unpleasant but not abnormal. But by March there was no signs that things were warming up, instead it only seemed to get worse. Scientists all over the country where nattering on about cold fronts and global warming even as the snow continued to pile up. At least Camp Half Blood had been spared from the worst of the winter storms. The only sign here that anything was amiss was the bone chilling temperatures and the ominous clouds. But even that was abnormal. The boundary surrounding the Camp was supposed to regulate the weather, leaving it warm and sunny year round. Yet it had been a few weeks since any of the campers had seen the sun. Even Annabeth couldn't remember the last time it had been this cold. Regardless of how cold it was, Percy knew that he needed to get his behind in gear. In the distance he could see Annabeth standing outside the stables, arms crossed against her chest. Percy waved. For a girl just as ADHD as any other demigod, Annabeth had precious little patience for tardiness. "Finally!" she said, sounding agitated as Percy jogged towards her. She was already wearing her armour: a bronze breast plate and leather arm braces over top of an orange CHB hoodie almost identical to his own. Her long, blonde hair was pulled back in a low pony tail, the curls trapped beneath a cabled toque the same grey as her eyes. "What did you do Seaweed brain, stop for take out?" "And a good morning to you too." Percy said, leaning down to press a quick kiss to her cheek. Absently he heaved the heavy backpack onto the ground, where it sloshed loudly. With a grin, Percy pulled open the zipper, revealing the Hydrapak bladder filled with water he had hidden within. "It's not my fault I'm late. I had to pick up our secret weapon for the race." It was almost the truth, as long as you ignore the fact that Percy had filled the Hydro-pack the night before. Annabeth didn't seem impressed. She did, nonetheless pass him his own bronze breastplate. Which was good; Percy had completely forgotten about any form of armour. "I think you over slept." She said as she helped him fasten the leather straps, making sure everything hung straight. " I overheard some of the new Apollo kids taking about some crazy person swimming in the lake last night." "It seemed like a good idea at the time." Percy said sheepishly, rubbing a hand along the back of his neck. "I must have slept through my alarm." "I think that's a safe assumption." Percy grinned at that. "At least I didn't sleep through the race. I don't think we would ever live that one down." It was a possibility. After the River Styx, the whole oversleeping thing had become a rather common occurrence. It was difficult sometimes to determine just how much rest he need to sustain Achilles' curse. If Percy pushed himself too hard, his body would respond in kind and he would sleep like the dead. He had even, on a memorable occasion, slept though an entire game of Capture flag. Which was something the Ares Cabin was determined to never let him forget. He could see that Annabeth was thinking much the same thing. But he had little time to prepare when she punched him in the arm. "Ouch!" he cried dramatically, pressing the injured limb to his chest. "That hurt!" "You deserved it." Annabeth said as she pulled the straps of the backpack over one shoulder. "Besides, it's not like you felt it, Achillies-boy." "I felt the intention! The intention hurt!" "Sure it did." Annabeth said, rolling her eyes. The look was unfortunately ruined however, when her stern facade began to crumbled under the weight of a poorly hidden grin. Percy took it as a victory. " I wasn't kidding when I said we needed to meet at 10. If we don't hurry, we're going to be late." "Can't have that." Percy chuckled. He wrapped an arm around Annabeth's slim shoulders, leading them inside the stables. Set far from the rest camp (more specifically Chiron), the stable was a huge wooden building, that Annabeth would tell you was a cross between grecian and rustic farm designs. Inside a two story vaulted ceiling gave plenty of room and light for the two dozen, wrought iron stalls held within. The entire roof consisted of a heavy duty piece of retractable canvas, which allowed the Pegasi, who shared the stable with the Camp's horses, to could come and go with ease. Annabeth ducked out from underneath Percy's arm, walking briskly towards the very back of the stables where a large set of double doors had been firmly chained shut. "Did Tyson give you the key?" She asked. "In the backpack" Percy replied, from where he was rubbing the snout of a slim grey mare. The horse nickered disapprovingly as Percy stepped away to unzip a side pocket of the bag. Inside was an orange lanyard, with Camp Half Blood written in thick black text. On it was number of different keys of all shapes and sizes. But only one was bright blue. He passed Annabeth the key ring, holding the blue metal separate from it's fellows. Annabeth had no problems fitting the key into the industrial padlock, which opened with a click. The heavy chains slithered to the ground. Percy kicked them away as Annabeth opened the storage room. Inside was a large object, completely obscured by a large blue tarp. Annabeth and Percy grabbed a corner, yanking the tarp away. Underneath, a slim steel chariot gleamed in the low light. Percy whistled approvingly After Tantalus left Camp Half Blood over a year ago, Chiron had been hesitant to keep the chariot races that were the Lydian King's only legacy. The hesitation had been well justified, as it seemed to mostly revolve around the three deaths, 26 mutilation problem that had plagued the races in the past. It had taken a lot of pestering, whining and at times blatant insubordination to convince the Centaur that they should be allowed to continue. Chiron had eventually come around. Although, his first act was to change the penalty for attempting to kill another camper. Now, once a month the entire camp showed up to watch the races, with the prize changing with every event. Percy and Annabeth had ridden together for most of the races, the only mixed cabin participants. They had even won the majority. Except for last month, where a perfectly thrown javelin to the axle had cost them the race, and destroyed their chariot. That should have been the end of there racing career for a few months at least. But Tyson, Percy's cyclopes half brother, had leapt at the chance to build them another. And it was a thing of beauty. The chariot's minimalist frame looked to be forged from the lightest steel Tyson could find. It shone like the finest of silvers. Two slim throwing spears were set into parallel stands attached the antyx, and a crest had been meticulously carved along it's curved front; a soaring owl above a trident. Annabeth ran her finger along its panels, tracing her finger along the owl design. It was so life like, as if the bird could fly right of chariot. Just beneath it's claws, was the motif of Poseidon's trident. The symbols of their respective parents did not touch, but owl looked like was about to pick up the weapon. Chariots Greek history were known as one few times Athena and Poseidon had been able to set aside there differences, and work together. Tyson had captured that perfectly. Annabeth could barely understand how someone could do something so delicate, and beautiful. The chariot was so light that Annabeth had no problems wheeling it out of the stable and onto the path. Percy followed her out a few moments later, leading two large Bays. Annabeth thought for a moment, trying to there names. She was almost certain they where Boyce and Scout. She helped her boyfriend hitch the animals to the chariot's yoke. The process went far faster when Percy used his connection with the horse to convince them to help. As Annabeth moved to examine the inside of there vehicle, Percy moved to face the horses. They picked up as he approached, and whinnied excitedly. " My lord, is it time to run?" Percy smiled a the animal's voices appeared in his mind simultaneously. He could feel there enthusiasm in his chest, the urge to run as fast and far as possible. Absently Percy pulled put out the handful of sugar cubes he had stashed in his pockets for this occasion, and fed them to the horses. " Just about " he replied in the same manner. " Just as soon as you stop calling me 'My Lord'." " What else would we call you?" Who knew horses were so cheeky? Because Percy was rapidly coming the conclusion that they were even more of a smart ass then he was. Why couldn't his father have had an affinity for dogs or something. Percy doubted that dogs were quite so flippant. "This is one hell of chariot." Annabeth said, wrapping her arm around Percy's waist as she reached out to rub Boyce's muzzle. "They're not going to know what hit them!" "You got that right." Percy said, pressing a quick kiss to