Caius stood in the doorway to his niece's rooms, watching as she did nothing but sit on her balcony, a drink in one hand and a cigarette in the other, staring off into the distant hills of the countryside. She had arrived in Volterra the morning before and hadn't been seen since she walked through the doors. She was devastated, mourning the loss of both her parents and no one had the heart - or the balls - to interrupt her. Sighing lightly as the time grew older, Caius pushed himself off the door frame and moved across the floor to the open balcony doors and turned to lean on the railing, crossing his arms and ankles, taking in her position in her chair. She had her feet pulled up on the seat with her arms draped over her spread knees, head dropped down and bobbing every few seconds as she cried. After a few minutes of standing there, Caius sighed a little. "You really should consider coming down, Stella." Isabella sniffled and shook her head a little. "I don't want to." Picking her head up, she looked at her uncle, her normally bright emerald eyes the darker color jade in her sorrow. Swallowing hard and taking a shuddering breath, "It'll make it real. I don't want this to be real." Caius nodded a little to her, tilting his head to the side., "Your mother said the same thing to me, in that same chair, when your grandparents died. She didn't want that to be real either. I will tell you the same thing I told her all those years ago and you will probably not like it any more than she did. I understand that you don't want to say goodbye, but if you do not, you will hate yourself for it later." Sniffling a little, Isabella nodded. "You're right, I don't like it." She sighed and stubbed out her cigarette. Standing up and turning to the entrance back into her rooms, she looked over her shoulder. "Give me a few minutes." Caius nodded a little, "Take your time, Stella." Ten minutes later, attired in a long black dress, short birdcage veil, elbow length gloves and tiara, Isabella emerged from her dressing room and looked to her uncle, "I still don't want to go." Nodding to her and presenting her his arm, Caius smiled a little, "You needn't stay long, Stella. No one will expect you too." *X* After the announcement of the arrival of the princess, the attendants of the wake turned to the doors. Her other two uncles standing from their seats, had sorrowful yet understanding looks on their faces at her tardiness. Aro, the eldest of the royal line, clasped his hands behind his back, "How do think he convinced her to come down?" Marcus looked over to his older brother and shook his head, "He's her favorite, you know that. He is probably the only one that could have accomplished the impossible and talk her into it." The two of them fell silent as the doors were opened and their niece and youngest brother walked in. They watched as she nodded in recognition of the condolences being offered but said nothing in return. For Isabella, this was a slow torture, listening to the throngs of 'mourners' share their sorrow over the passing of her parents. Every one was worse than the last because there was not a single one amongst them who actually meant it. Her mother had left Italy shortly after her grandparents died twenty one years ago and had only returned once a year for the annual ball held in their honor. There were only a handful of people present that had even MET her father so how they were truly sorry to hear he was gone was a mystery to her. When her mother left Italy, she had gone to America to give herself time to grieve without a constant parade of false empathy for her. That was where she met and fell in love with Charlie. They were married a short eleven months later in a small, intimate ceremony on the bank of a lake on a beautiful spring afternoon, attended by only twenty-five others. Her uncles and two others were the only Italians that had received invitations. They honeymooned in Rio for two weeks. A month later, they had discovered they were going to be parents. Her uncles and the two at the wedding were the only ones told so imagine the shock that rocked the citizens when the princess, her new husband and newborn baby were at the Honorary Ball that year. Isabella's parents had been on their way to lunch when an SUV ran a stop sign, t-boning the driver's side and killing her father on impact. Her mother had hung on for a few minutes more, but was also gone by the time the ambulance had arrived. Isabella had been in class when she got the call from the hospital about the accident, the news making her heart stop a moment before she screamed. She called her uncle Aro, not able to be the one to identify the bodies. When all three of her uncles arrived the next morning, Isabella was still at the hospital, unable to leave her parents even as she was incapable of actually seeing them one last time. She stayed with Caius when Aro and Marcus went to the morgue to identify and sign for release of the bodies. Since her mother was a member of the royal family and her father was an only child himself with his parents also gone, it was decided to keep them together and bury both in Italy. Aro had arranged for four of their closest friends to attend the funeral, paying for their flights and accommodating them within the palace during their stay. Her parents had been married for twenty happy years and there wasn't a single mother fucker present that could tell her what her father's name was. By the time she got to her other two uncles, Isabella felt sick to her stomach, all the insincere words giving her indigestion. Lifting her eyes to Aro, she trembled a little before launching herself into his waiting arms, fisting his jacket and burying her face his chest, soaking up the warmth and comfort when his arms clasped tightly around her shoulders. Aro held his niece for a few minutes, letting her cry before gently pushing her back and cupping her face in both hands, wiping her tears from her cheeks with the pads of his thumbs. Giving her a small smile, "you do not have to stay long, Stella. Only about a half an hour until the toast is done." When she nodded to him, she was released. Giving her uncles a small smile, she turned and strolled away, out onto the balcony and away from anyone that might actually try and talk to her. Moving off to the side, she leaned on the railing and dropped her head a little before sniffling again. Bending down and lifting the hem of her dress, she pulled her cigarette case out of the little holster around her calf. It wasn't until she opened it that she realized that she forgot to put her lighter in it. Pinching the bridge of her nose, she groaned, "God damnit." Sighing hard, she looked up and saw a group of others about her age coming out on the balcony as well, her eyes locking on the lighter one of them pulled from inside his suit jacket. Dropping her head back on her shoulders and blowing a raspberry, she sighed before pushing herself off the railing and walking over to the group. As he was so tall compared to her, Isabella reached over and lightly tapped the man with the lighter on his bicep. "Excuse me." When Demetri felt a tap on his arm, he turned his head to see who it was only to choke on the smoke in his throat at the sight of the princess standing there. Clearing his throat a little, he turned towards her, "Your Highness." Isabella just gave him a little smile, "May I borrow your lighter, please? I forgot mine upstairs." Nodding, he reached back into his pocket and pulled out the requested item, "Of course." Taking the offering with a grateful smile, she lit her cigarette and handed it back, "Thanks." Demetri nodded once and watched as she turned and began walking away. When she made it about ten feet, he called out to her, "Your highness." She stopped and turned halfway back with her head tilted in question. He smiled softly at her, "My truest condolences on your loss, My Lady. I lost my parents a few years ago so I know well what you are going through. I know it's hard now and I know it will be for some time to come yet, but I promise it does eventually get better. It never completely fades or goes away, but it does get easier." Isabella licked her lips a little as she looked to the sky, blinking her eyes free of tears before swallowing the lump in her throat and looking back at him, "You know, that is probably the most honest thing I have heard since I arrived. Thank you for that, Mr..." Demetri bowed his head a little, "De Luca. Demetri De Luca, Your Highness." Nodding to him again, "Mr. De Luca. Circumstances what they are, enjoy your evenings." With a slight dip of her knees, Isabella turned away and continued her way back to her dark little corner of the balcony, wanting to be alone for the last remaining time she could pretend her parents were still with her before she was called back to reality once again. Twenty minutes later Caius came to do just that. With a heavy heart, she walked over to her uncle, taking his offered arm and allowing him to lead her inside. As they were passing the threshold, she saw Demetri and his group of friends just off to the side. Biting her lip a little, she pulled her uncle to a stop and called out, "Demetri." When he looked at her, she gave him a little smile, "My belated condolences to you as well. You give me hope that someday I might actually be alright as well." Demetri gave her a sad little smile, "It only comes with time, My Lady. Be it a little or alot, time heals all wounds." Taking a deep breath through her nose and letting it out slowly, she nodded to him and walked away with her uncle up to the dais where Aro and Marcus awaited her and Caius. Standing next to Aro, she waited as he said a few words of introduction before her speech. Isabella withdrew a piece of paper from her glove and unfolded it, looking at it for a second before lifting her eyes to the crowd. She felt her gut begin to bubble with rage at the fake as fuck sadness she was seeing, she crumpled her speech in her hand before dropping it on the floor. Swallowing hard, she lifted her head high and spoke clear as day, "I had a lovely little speech prepared, full of wonderful things to lift your hearts and lessen your sadness. Then I thought about it and I realized that there is not a single person amongst you that really gives a fuck about the death of my parents. So since there is no need for me to ease the burden of your loss, I'll make this short: enjoy the food because that is all any of you bastards are here for anyways." Turning to Caius, who was pressing his lips together to keep from laughing at the wave of shock his niece just created, she took his glass of champagne and held it up to the room, "To shrimp cocktail on someone else's dime."