It had never occurred to me that having my charge with me during a judgment might be dangerous for her. This was certainly not the first one she was present for and the one being judged was certainly not the most dangerous vampire she has ever been around. However, it would seem that he was the most desperate and desperation leads one to do the stupidest shit. Overconfidence can also lead to situations that a human need not be in. No one thought that anyone would be dumb enough to make a stand before Aro and I never thought that someone would use my human charge to do it. The moment that Felix released the condemned, I had a foot land solid and square center of my chest hard enough for my flesh to crack and send me flying backwards. Kicking my feet up, I dug my fingers into the marble floor to slow myself down before dropping into a crouch. The recovery was quick and flawless, but it still wasn't fast enough to prevent my charge from falling into the hands of a desperate and scared vampire. His hand was wrapped around her throat with enough pull back for her to have to stand on her toes. Her hands clutched his wrist, her surprised gasp only just leaving her lips. Though I saw and heard that happen, it was secondary to her wide and terrified green eyes. My eyes hadn't even had the time to change color when they connected with her's. The moment our eyes locked, I was transported ten years into the past, to the very first time I ever saw them full of the same emotions. I was taken back to the day this human became mine. Flashback A report had been received from a very well known coven that a nomad was wreaking havoc in their territory and they were unable to deal with it on their own. After numerous attempts to catch and remove the female, they had sent a request for aid having run out of options. It was a routine call, really. We received requests like that all the time so it was pretty straightforward as far as orders. Find the nomad and either remove it from the area or destroy it. That call was always left to us, however. Master Aro never cared how we dealt with exposure threats, just that they were dealt with as swiftly as possible. Ninety percent of the time it was destroyed just because it was easier than trying to reason with a nomad. Since it was only one female vampire and not a rogue coven, it was only Felix and I that were sent to deal with the issue. After a short stop at the coven's den for a slightly more detailed report of the actions of the nomad, as well as a description of who we were looking for, the two of us formed a plan of action for when we found her. Not that she was all that difficult to find. The female was an idiot. Either that, or she just didn't care if she was caught. In the end, it also didn't matter. In no more than a few moments, she was taken care of and that would have been that had I not looked further into the alleyway we were in. No sooner had Felix dropped the match on the pile of body parts did I see something that actually had my venom run cold in my veins. Not fifteen feet from us, hidden in the shadows, was a human that couldn't have been older than twelve or thirteen. Even my eyes could barely make out her outline, but her bright green eyes, wide and terrified, were like a shining beacon in the night. I wasn't even fully positive at first that what I was seeing was real until my gift sparked, the feeling of fingers dancing on my brain freezing me in place. All I could do was let out a hard groan. " Mother fucker." I felt Felix's eyes on me and all I could do was nod to where I was staring. I had thought I cleared the area of any humans before dealing with the nomad, but somehow, someway, I missed her. With the look in her eyes, there was absolutely no chance she didn't see what just happened. When I heard a resigned sigh next to me, I knew Felix saw what I did and I wasn't actually hallucinating. I looked at Felix when he clicked his tongue. He had a pensive look on his face. "What should we do? You know she saw that shit. She's too young to change and kids give me indigestion. Do you want to eat her?" I shook my head. "Nope. Not hungry." I scratched my brow and lifted a shoulder. "I was the one that missed her. She doesn't really deserve to die for my oversight." Though why the life of this human mattered to me, I had no fucking idea. He nodded and rubbed his chin a little before he too shrugged. "I guess the girl comes with us and we'll let Master Aro decide." I grunted. "This should be interesting." Annoying would have been a better term to use once it was all said and done. It took forever to get the human out of hiding without having to resort to force to do it. It wasn't either of our intention to harm her, but my God did I want to re-evaluate just how hungry I actually was on more than one occasion. If getting her out of her hiding place was difficult, however, getting her to come quietly was near impossible. In the end, it took knocking her out with a pressure point in her neck. It didn't buy us long, but it was enough time to get her out of the area and on the plane back home before she woke up again. Talk about tense and uncomfortable for all parties involved. The flight was mostly quiet. Felix and I played cards as we always did while the human simply sat in her seat and watched the clouds outside pass the windows. She wouldn't talk without prompt and answered only what was asked. We found out she was just shy of turning twelve but nothing else, not even her name. She wasn't timid when she spoke, she was just quiet and reserved. Her scent didn't indicate she was scared, but after being kidnapped and waking up on a plane, I was sure there was a margin of fear there. Felix ignored her completely, but I couldn't. I spent a lot of time allowing my mind to run wild with different reasons as to why I didn't know she was there; questing repeatedly how I missed a fucking human within twenty feet of me. I couldn't figure it out. I also couldn't figure out what had stopped me from simply snapping her neck on the spot. Humans and their lives meant shit to me. So, why couldn't I do it this time? What was is about this situation that prevented me, that stilled my hand? That was the series of questions I spent the entire eight hour fight trying to answer and never came up with anything. Even more mind boggling was it didn't stop there. It continued as I stood before my Masters and actually advocated for the human to live. My reason was the same before them as it was to Felix in the alley. I didn't think she should die due to my mistake. When it became apparent to them I wouldn't back down for the first and only time, Master Aro put me in charge of her care. She was forbidden to ever leave the palace walls without myself to personally escort her and it became my responsibility to to see to her every need and care. Once that was decided and I took her to the room across the hall from mine, I finally took the time to get a good look at her, taking stalk of everything that would be needed sooner rather than later. Before leaving her to her own devices until a more appropriate time to take her out for clothing, I cleared my throat to catch her attention. When she was looking in my direction, I clicked my tongue. "I doubt you want to be called 'human' for the rest of your life. Do you want to tell me your name now?" She looked a me a moment, her eyes telling me that no, she didn't want to tell me shit. However, after a time, she sighed. "Alexandria. But I go by..." END FLASHBACK "Alex." The vision was gone as soon as it started, no one the wiser that I wasn't present before them. I hadn't moved, no one had. I watched as the human before me morphed from the teen she was to the woman she had become. Everything about her changed; her features, her height, the color of her hair. Everything but her eyes. They were still clouded in the terror that I swore to her she would never feel again. I felt the color drain from my eyes as they started to narrow. A growl built in my chest as my lips pulled from my teeth. The sound was never given full life before my ears were assaulted with a whimper of my name. Once again the room around me melted away as another memory of the past slammed down on me with the weight of a sledge hammer. FLASHBACK It had been roughly a year since the day in the alley and my human was still adjusting. She never even pretended that she liked it here and did everything in her power to make sure I knew she was in no way grateful for it. Though I had gotten the point months ago, she continued with the teenage drama bullshit and went out of her way to make my life a living fucking hell. However, nothing she did was unexpected or even unwarranted in my opinion, so I mostly ignored it. It wasn't until just after she turned thirteen that things changed and crossed the line from harmless pranks and jokes and into a far more dangerous realm of rebellion. If you have never had the pleasure of arguing with a teenager, it is something of a cross between amusing and infuriating. This wasn't the first disagreement we had over the year, but it was the one that held the most lessons for the two of us. When she resorted to petty name calling, I put an end to the battle with a wave of my hand and an 'Enough, Alex'. As with every other ending, she stormed off leaving me with a migraine when she shrieked her distaste. I had assumed she went to her room or the gardens as she always did so I left her to cool off for a time. It was early afternoon and there was plenty of time for that to happen before her dinner would be ready. Though over those passing hours it had occurred to me to check on her, I saw no reason to once again get her riled up due to my presence, so I stayed clear of the area until her requested meal arrived. When I went to retrieve her, I came to realize that not only do teenage human females define the term 'little bitch', but they are escape artists with commendable talents. I had Heidi check the gardens while I went up to her room. After numerous knocks and no answers, as well as Heidi saying she wasn't outside, I let myself in and paused when I saw no sign of my charge, nor the presence of a recent scent. After calling her name once as I made my way across the room, I pointed Heidi to the bathroom and