Running through the woods, a small child of four with ringlets of dirty blonde hair and eyes the color of the sky, ducked and dodged trees and bushes as she hurtled fallen logs and puddles left from the storm the night before. Cuts and scratches healing near immediately as she ran through the underbrush, her eyes to cloudy from tears to see the thorns. As she ran she could hear those that were after her getting closer, closing the distance she was desperately trying to keep. Her blood flowed hard and fast through her veins, the added thickness of venom causing her whole body to burn. Still she didn't slow, pushing her legs as fast as she could. She didn't know where she was but she knew where she was going; the knowledge that if she could just go a little farther everything would be fine, she would be safe. Miles from where she started and miles more to go, the child ran with everything she had, baring down and gritting her teeth as her breath came fast and short, a caress of a scent on the air that she was determined to reach before she was captured. The soft earth beneath her feet as she pounded into the ground rose up creating a fog behind her, serving as both a blinder and clear path to follow. It didn't matter, the end was in sight, the encampment she was searching for coming closer, the noise from within rising up and over powering the white noise in her ears. She was there, right there. A little closer and she could scream and be heard, be saved. Taking in as much air as she could into her lungs, fear and desperation covering her normal bell tone voice as she called with all she was worth. "DADDY!" Everything stopped, all sound and all movement froze at the cry on the air, a single being within the confines and throes of those that surrounded him as his head snapped up and whipped around to face the direction of the desperate call. Not a nanosecond, not a conceivable time passes before he was off with no regard as to who was in in his way, darting through them like they were not even there. Hurtling a fence, he landed just in time for a child to break the trees and seek him out. The moment her blue eyes locked on his black ones, she was in his arms, he on a bended knee, his fingers digging into the ground as the force of impact knocked them back, feet from point of collision. One arm behind the child's back as her arms tightened around his neck in a strangle hold, the vampire major held her to him in a hold to tell her she was safe, that nothing would touch her, not anymore. His other arm came around her as they stopped moving, pulling her closer as he called forth his power to calm and settle the child, his child. Once the little one was as settled as she was going to get, Jasper pulled back and looked at her, his voice soft and soothing, belaying the murder that swirled in his eyes at the pungent scent and feel of his little lady's fear and desperation. "Calm down Darlin'. Daddy's here and ain't nothing gonna hurt you." Once the child was looking at him, he gave her a serious but caring look. "Now, tell Daddy what happened." Gagging on her breath, she tried to tell him, but everything was jumbled in her mind, her memories of the horror she was witness to haunting her; bringing her fear up to run rampant in her veins once again, even under the influence of her daddy's power. Her voice was shaking, full of every negative emotion that consumed her. "They found us Daddy. They killed mommy and now they are after me. Daddy, please; please you have to help me! I was so scared. I tried daddy, I tried to help her but there were too many. They were too strong for me." With that, the little one buried her face back into Jasper's chest as she shuddered and shook, her voice taking on a pleading tone, "Please help me. I don't want to die." The growl that shook the ground beneath the feet of those that looked on, watching the dealer of death appointed to the task by Satan himself, had everyone within hearing distance falling all over themselves to get back and away. Only the oldest and bravest remained, their own eyes black as pitch as they waited for the coming command. Lips pulled from his teeth, Jasper's eyes narrowed as he pulled his daughter closer to him. His voice when he spoke was dark and demonic, the definition of evil falling from his lips… "Find them." There was a beat of a pause, "now." Three vampires vanished from sight, tearing out of camp into the woods beyond, the very woods that the child appeared from in the moments prior, the Major's Captain at the head of the pack, his fingers in claws as the moonlight shined against the venom that coated his bared teeth. Barking out commands to his suburbanites as he took to the trees, the southern captain followed his nose, his gift of knowledge kicking in and telling him where to find the ones to attempt to bring his major to his knees. This was unacceptable in any race. The harming of a child, even to the likes of the murderous vampires that plagued the south, was unacceptable. The southern captain knew that his major was hiding secrets, but he never would have thought it to be so monumental as a child. It didn't matter however. If the major didn't tell him of the little one, it was not his place to question it. It was however his place to protect her now that he knew; and that was exactly what he was going to do. Starting with finding the ones that were not but a quarter mile from camp debating their chances of capturing the child as they were sent to do. Peter snorted hard as the words of the four retards hit his ears. The only chance they had of getting anywhere NEAR that baby was over Jasper's ashes and if the devil himself couldn't kill the fucker, these fuck ups had no chance. His major wasn't a vampire; Peter was fully convinced that the fucker was a God because there is no one alive, whole or in part, that can best him at anything. No one, not even the royal family overseas, fucked with the Southern Major unless they want to die. Using his hands to signal to the others what to do, he looked on from the tree he was perched in as whispered words that only he could hear tapped at his brain, laying everything out before him like a script to a play. A wicked grin that sent shivers down the spines of the others lifted his lips as it played out before his mind's eye. This was going to be fantastic and Peter couldn't WAIT until they returned to camp. His major was out for blood and the only way to settle the demon that resides beneath the cloak of his brother at arms and sire, was to paint the world red. Looking around the trees and seeing all were ready, with a simple look, his underlings descended on the poor bastards that took the wrong job. Screams of pain and terror floated up from the clearing, the caption chuckling in delight as the sound of vampire flesh being ripped and shredded caressed his ears. As the others converged on the only remaining creation in the clearing, Peter called out, "No." stopping everyone in their spot. Hopping down from his branch, Peter slowly walked over to the last remaining vampire with his hands clasped behind his back, a dark and amused smirk settled on his lip, his eyes positively dancing with evil mirth. "Not him." Stopping in front of the man that looked at him with a completely understandable fear in his eyes, Peter bent at the waist and locked eyes, smirk still in place as he chuckled low and deep in his throat. "He has a debriefing with the Major." Smirk growing and teeth flashing as he chuckled again, Peter leaned in close to the man's face, getting nose to nose with him when the two sergeants present grabbed him and kept him from moving back as the flight instinct kicked in. Lowering his voice, Peter tittered in his face, "you are about to meet the grim reaper, the face of evil, Satan's right hand himself. You should feel privileged because not many get the opportunity you are. I suggest you make your peace with whatever god will have you because mine is about to fuck you up." Smirking at him one more time, Peter stood and jerked his head signaling it was time to return with the firewood. And he put up a hell of a fight too; Peter was nearly impressed. On the outskirts of the camp though, all humor left him as the sounds of a crying child assaulted his ears. Glaring daggers at the soon to be fire, Peter lifted his foot and planted it dead center of the guy's back sending him flying into the camp, sliding to stop at the Major's feet as he stood with his child in his arms. Shifting his Little Lady in his grip to sit on his hip, he looked down his nose at the body at his feet like a sacrifice to a god as his daughter laid her head on his shoulder, her little hand fisted in front of her mouth to muffle her whimpers. Dark and excited eyes looked down at the corpse as a slow smirk came to his mouth, a chuckle that had everyone but the baby shuddering in terror. Looking at the child out of the corner of his eye, "Darlin'" waiting for her eyes to meet his, "what part did this one play?" Looking at her father a moment longer, she shifted her eyes to the man that was looking at her with murder in his eyes making her gulp and whimper. Feeling a sense of confidence engulf her, she took a deep breath and looked back at her daddy. "He was the one that held me down and made me watch what they did to mommy." A low growl rumbled Jasper's chest, but he pressed on, wanting to hear her account of events knowing the child wouldn't lie to him. Lower his voice into a soothing tenor, "and what did they do?" A strangled cry left her throat, choked and full of horror, "It was horrible. The things they said to mommy were so horrible! They called her a bitch, a cunt, a vampire's whore, a worthless slut but... the blood, god daddy, the blood. There was so much blood. They did to her what you said happened to vampires. They… they tore… ripped her apart; joint by joint, piece by piece. I… I tried… tried to help… her… but I… I could… couldn't. She… she told… told me… me to run… to find… you. Told me… not to… to stop… not to stop till…. Till I found you, so I… bit him and ran." Tears running down her face, she turned away from her father's eyes as her breath hitched and broke. "I'm sor… ry, I try…ed." Part way through her recountment, Jasper had stepped on the back of the neck of the man at his feet as he slowly tried to move away from the enraged demon before him. The more the child spoke, the harder he pressed down and as she finished, Jasper had so much pressure on the neck joint that the head popped off like the head of a dandelion and bounced