Nope... not a whole new story. This is was a donation piece a few years ago. While it might continue at a later date, it is a stand 'as is' until I finish something. That said... Soulless should update on Friday. This is a glorious version of Demetri I just had to share to tide you over until then. ~Speklez *X* The day had finally arrived, the one that was nearly ten years in the making. The emotional overload that was running rampant through her veins left her gasping for breath and visibly shaking as she pulled on her elbow length black gloves in final preparation of the evening ahead of her. Setting her hands on the vanity top, Jade looked in the mirror before her, seeing the reflection of completely terrified dark blue eyes looking back at her. Her normally sun kissed skin far too pale in her opinion, and that had nothing to do with the makeup that covered her complexion. She had almost ten years to ready herself for this, to meet him for the first time she could ever remember, and she still wasn't ready. She had arrived in Italy two days ago and, though she had been given free reign to move about as she pleased so long as she was in the care of a guard, she was unable to catch even a glimpse of the reason to her presence. It wasn't for a lack of trying on her part. He just wasn't there to be seen. He had been sent out on some task to deal with an issue involving a pack of werewolves and hadn't returned until about an hour ago. Since she couldn't think of a decent enough reason to leave the room she had been put in when she had a ball to ready for, she was now completely tied in knots over it. She didn't even know what his name was. Jade had lived among vampires all her life, the majority of them somewhat peaceful if not slightly sadistic if you caught them between feedings, but the ones she has spent the last two days with were the definition of demons; freshly fed or not. With them, it didn't matter. They were the top of the food chain, knew it, and owned that shit. As per orders of the one she was here for, she had spent the majority of her time with this monster of creature named Felix and that fucker was mean. Not to her so much, but there were times that had she not known better, she probably would have wanted to knock his teeth out. He was rude, crass, and had a mouth that would turn a whore into a nun. When he spoke to her, however, he was almost able to be called nice, though he had refused to answer anything she asked, telling her that it wasn't his place to answer her. When the letter came ten years ago, there was no signature, no name, only the stamp of the Volturi Guard at the bottom. The letter itself was actually very nice in her opinion if not a little on the proper side of the line. Then again, how else do you tell someone they now belong to you and not have them kill themselves first if not a nicely worded letter? The only thing that was missing from the elegant script was a name to put with it. She had personally known many humans over the years of her life that had become the mate to a vampire, but not a single one had been claimed by an Italian, and not a single one ever had a nice thing to say about them. It didn't matter who was asked, or which species, the answer was always the same. Either they were monsters, they were blood thirsty demons, or they were simply evil incarnate. They were swift and brutal barbarians that never asked before they killed, showed no mercy to the damned, and never had a speck of remorse to the lost life. And she was in the middle of their den. The vampire that had chosen her, however, didn't seem to have the darkness she heard about, though she was positive he did. There was always a gift on her birthday, something else for Christmas. If she was cared enough about to have the time taken to send something to her, the vampire couldn't be pure evil as she had been led to believe. Then again, by their very nature, vampires were evil and whether this one thought about her or not, it was no different. Shaking her head, Jade turned to look at the clock on the wall, trying to see how much longer until her escort showed up to retrieve her. Guessing at about ten minutes or so, she grabbed her cigarette case and lighter and went out on her balcony, leaning on her forearms on the railing and propped her chin in her palm. Sighing lightly, she lit up and looked out over the small but beautiful rose garden that was below, smoking quickly as she waited. She had just stubbed out the cherry and returned to her room when there was a rap on her door. Jumping slightly at it, she sighed once again before spraying some perfume on and calling out for them to enter, not at all surprised to see Felix come in. Felix smirked at the human his best friend had decided he wanted and chuckled as he crossed his arms. "You really need to calm down, Jade. This is, believe it or not, an occasion to celebrate. Besides, this little party is for you and you'll hurt the Mistress' feelings if you show up looking like you're walking the last mile." Taking a deep breath and setting a hand on her stomach, she looked up at the six foot eight monster. Swallowing hard, "I kinda am, Felix, if you think about it." Snorting and shaking his head, Felix snickered. "No, you're not. Trust me, you would know if you were." Presenting his arm and holding his other hand to the door, "shall we?" Sagging her shoulders as she sighed again, Jade closed the distance and slipped her arm through Felix's elbow. Once they were out of her room and on their way to the ballroom, she looked up at him again. "You still won't tell me anything?" Snickering with a grin, Felix just cocked a brow at her. "You haven't known jack shit for almost ten years. Five more minutes won't kill you." Grabbing the skirt of her dress as they started down the stairs, Jade wrinkled her nose but said nothing, knowing it wouldn't make a difference anyways. Still though, she was persistent enough to give it a go again when the doors came into sight. Licking her lips, "why are you the one escorting me to the this and not him?" Lifting a large shoulder, Felix grunted. "He just returned from a very long and grueling mission. I am going to assume that he took your human sensitivities into account and got a shower after his debriefing with the masters so he didn't show up covered in blood and dog fur." Looking down at her, "not the best first impression, I wouldn't think." Jade couldn't have stopped the shudder that went down her spine if she was comatose. Gulping lightly and shaking her head, "not really, no." Hearing her heart stutter, Felix's grin turned into an amused smirk. "Better get used to blood, guts, and gore, Little One, because here, it's pretty common if not an everyday part of someone's uniform." That was the last thing said and the last image that was put in her head before Felix pushed open the doors to the ballroom and led her inside. As she walked next to Felix, Jade let her eyes roam over the crowd, blinking when she saw more than just red eyes looking back at her. She had not expected there to be other humans here as well, but as she got closer to the dais, she began to wonder if they were here as dinner guests when she saw just as many black eyes looking at her as red. Swallowing hard again, she tightened her grip on Felix's arm as her nerves began to grow and start to get the better of her. Rolling his eyes, Felix said nothing as he came to a stop before the dais where the three rulers sat, bowing his head to them before looking down at the human that was about to have a fucking heart attack. Standing from his throne and waving away the guard, Aro gave the human before him a slight smile. "There is no need for you to be so worked up, Young Lady." Steepling his fingers and pointing them down, "this is a celebration. Do you have any idea how long it has been since the last time we have welcomed anyone into the coven?" Cocking his head when all the young lady did was seem to become more upset, he lifted a hand and crooked a finger at one of the servers. "Perhaps a drink to calm your nerves would help." Barely biting back a whimper, Jade lifted her eyes. "I'm not old enough, Sir." There was a dark, amused chuckle from the right as one of the other rulers stood and crossed his arms. "Like age matters. Age, Child, is a number to count the years you have been on the earth. However, when there is no set time to which you die, it ceases to exist and becomes nothing but an annoyance, especially when you stay the same for centuries." Slowly moving down the steps and picking up a glass of wine from the presented try, Caius held it out to the girl. "The drinking age set for humans only matters to humans. You will not see twenty one before your heart stops, so I suggest you forget about human law and just enjoy yourself tonight." Biting the corner of her lip, Jade lowered her eyes slightly before looking back at the youngest of the three kings, reaching out and taking the glass from him with a small, unsure smile. Once it was in her grip, she licked her lips, her voice low and soft. "Do you know when?" Caius shook his head. "No." Looking at his nails before rubbing his fingers together. "Contrary to popular belief, we do follow our own laws and it is forbidden to interfere with a male and his mate. Your fate is solely his decision. However, since he was changed before he turned twenty one, I very much doubt he would want his mate physically older than him." Nodding once to him, though it wasn't lost on her that the king never gave her a name, Jade sighed as she lifted her glass to her lips. After taking her very first drink of alcohol, she looked back at Caius. "What should I do until he arrives?" Turning his head, Caius searched the room for a moment before finding who he was looking for. Clearing his throat but not raising his voice, "Felix." Excusing himself from his conversation, Felix made his way back over to the dais, dipping his head as his master once again addressed Jade. "You are free to do what you will until he gets here, just stay with your guard until then. I can't imagine it should be too much longer." Looking back up at Felix, Jade nodded again before taking his offered arm. After a dip of the knees, she let Felix lead her away from the kings and out into the crowd of attendance. Before any clear destination was made to her, she glanced up at him. "Can we step outside, please? I don't like the way everyone's staring at me." Knowing the tracker would have no problem locating his mate once he finally decided