Maybe you were right, but baby I was lonely. I don't wanna fight. I'm Tired of being sorry. I'm standing in the street, yeah. Crying out for you. No one sees me, but the silver moon. BPOV He left me standing in that alleyway, the rain pouring down around me like I was nothing but garbage; and to him, I probably was. I called his name only once, the noise echoing off the brick and back to my ears, hollow and heartless- just like me. "Edward!" He didn't even pause as he continued to walk away and I couldn't blame him. I did this to us, it's my fault. Why I thought he might have forgiven me and allowed this to slide, I don't know. If the situation was reversed, I don't think I could have given to him what I was asking. I wrapped my arms around me, trying to give myself some small measure of comfort I didn't deserve. I then made the mistake of looking into a puddle at my feet, the bright ruby red eyes staring back at me destroying everything I held dear. As quickly as I could, I closed my eyes against the image, but it was too late. Flashes of how they came to be reared up and flooded my mind. The taste of the warm, ionic blood as it coated my tongue. The desire in the onyx eyes opposite me as his fingers pulled at my hair. The feeling of his touch against my flesh. A whimper escaped my throat at the sight of the powerful, chiseled jaw line and long dark blonde bangs. I shook my head hard to dislodge the picture of the man that wasn't Edward that played my body like a well-tuned fiddle. Casting my eyes to the sky, I choked on my breath as my voice came out in a whisper. "Oh, God. What have I done?" Even whispered, the question seemed to bounce off the walls in a scream of damnation. It was mocking as it assaulted my ears because I knew what I did. I betrayed him, the family; everyone. *X* 3RD POV FLASHBACK The scent hit her before she saw him, leather and tobacco with a hint of spice that was unrecognizable. It called to her like nothing else ever had. Maybe it was the events of earlier in the evening, that pointless and stupid fight, but she couldn't stop herself from following her nose to the source. Looking around the corner, she saw him only from the back and only for a moment before he vanished inside a building. Bottom lip pulled between her teeth, she battled with herself over the horrible idea that pounded against her brain. She knew she should just swallow her pride and go home, beg for his forgiveness and pretend to let it all go, but after so many years of doing that, after years of being the one to apologize, she couldn't do it again. No matter the consequences of this night, she was tired of being sorry for her impulses and decided instead of being sorry for being what she was; she would embrace it for once. For the last century, she was subject to snide remarks for her choice, made to feel as if she did something wrong. She had never felt that way. Ever since the day she woke up, she loved her life, loved her decision. After the first year, though her love hadn't faded in the least, it felt to her the same could not be said for the rest of the family. With the fading of her newborn strength, her freedoms did as well. When she could no longer defeat the bear of a brother at arm wrestling, she was treated no differently than she was as a human. She was put on a shelf in a case made of glass with a sign that warned others away from even breathing on her wrong. She felt as if she went out of her way to bend and conform to the lifestyle that was demanded of anyone who wore the crest. She went to school with the others, tried to blend in as best she could. It was never good enough. She fed from the local forest as was expected of her. She was never full, never sated. She would stuff herself until she was overfull and still her eyes never gained the fully golden color of the Cullen Coven, only reaching dark amber. 'It takes time, love. You'll see. One day, it'll get easier.' That was a nearly daily saying in the house. When would that day come? When would it be easier? When would she finally be full and happy once again? Questions like these circled her mind on a constant repeat and no one could give her any indication that day was even on the horizon of approach. That was what sparked the fight between her and Edward and what found her here at the crossroad she never thought she would stand at. Standing at the door to the bar, once again history repeated itself and what she should have done and what she would do misfired in her brain and she opened the door, stepping into the building that was going to change everything. *X* Alcohol was flowing, the music pumping and Isabella was the center of attention. The way her body moved and swayed to the music held the attention of everyone present. Both men and women seemed mesmerized by her. That also included, though unknown to her at the moment, the vampire across the bar. His onyx black eyes followed her every move as he watched her command the dance floor. It was almost ridiculous how the humans seemed to go out of their way not to get into hers. They wouldn't get near her and Peter doubted it was because of what she was. Most of the humans were far too wasted to have even an ounce of common sense between them and their self-preservation was near non-existent as well. They wouldn't get within two feet of her, but that didn't stop them from feeding her shots and feeling honored when she would smile at them in thanks. Never mind the fact the vampiress was taken by someone else, they didn't know that. It wasn't the instinctual danger that kept the pigs at bay, either. They kept their distance because they knew they didn't stand a fucking chance. Peter, on the other hand, not only knew she was spoken for but also by whom. He just didn't give a shit. She followed him. She was there by her own choice. He was just the opportunistic asshole that was going to see just how far she was willing to go to find whatever it was she was looking for. With a signal to the bartender, he ordered two drinks and made his way over to the dance floor. He slid seamlessly behind her, holding one of the glasses in her view while he dipped his head to her ear, lowering his voice and letting his breath caress her skin. "You're drawing quite the following, Little Sugar." Bella's back went rigid at the smooth, deep tenor as the scent that brought her here surrounded her. She recovered quickly enough for the humans around her not to notice her pause, but she knew her reaction wasn't missed by him. Taking the glass from his hand, Bella twisted around to the music, a small smirk on her face as the amount of shots she had done began to really show themselves. "A lamb in a pride of lions will do that, I suppose." Peter hummed as he set his now empty hand on her hip and brought his own drink to his lips. "Interesting choice of words." Bella took a drink from the glass and couldn't help wincing at the burn as the liquid slid down her throat, a shoulder lifting in a slight shrug. Once it subsided, she leaned forward a bit, lowering her voice as her eyes roamed the sea of onlookers. "Look at them and tell me the saying doesn't fit. They have no idea what stands in their midst and yet they circle and prowl, waiting for the opportunity to strike. The hunger in their eyes battles the fear in their scent because they are all too stupid to realize the lamb is a wolf in disguise." Peter chuckled and grinned as he too looked at the humans now staring at the two of them. "What is one wolf going to do to defend herself against a whole pride of lions?" Bella lifted her free hand, holding up a finger as her face turned amused. "Ah, but that's the best part. Though the lions will have the wolf beat in brute force, the wolf is a crafty bitch. Why take on all of them at once when it's so much easier to divide and conquer?" Peter snorted and cocked a brow. "You have no idea what the fuck you're talking about, do you?" At the question, Bella giggled. "Not in the slightest. Then again, I also have no idea how many shots I've had either. So really, that can't be held against me and if it is, that's fucked up." Peter nodded at her and finished his drink. Looking down at her, he grinned. "Pick one." Bella, confused at the seemingly random statement, cocked her head. "What do you mean?" Taking her almost empty glass from her and setting them both on a tray of a passing waitress, Peter grabbed Bella by the hips and pulled her roughly against him. He once again dipped his head and whispered in her ear. Only this time, allowed his lips to brush her flesh. "Pick your lion, Little Lamb. Let's see what kind of wolf is really hiding below the surface." It only took a second for his meaning to become clear. He wanted her to pick a human and she could only imagine what the reason was. Maybe it was the massive amount of alcohol in her system. Maybe it was the way he said it. Maybe it was this or that or the other. The reason mattered very little as she followed his command, her eyes roaming the room with no thought behind them. After a moment, she turned Peter's head towards a girl sitting in a corner booth by herself and staring right back at them. "Though a lion would be fun, a lioness could be a better choice. They are far feistier." The look that over took Peter's face when he looked back at her was enough for Bella to nearly go weak in the knees. It was dark, predatory and held a level of desire she had never seen before. Whatever the night held, wherever it went, she would follow blindly; just like a lamb to the slaughter. *X* END FLASHBACK BPOV "You gave into your nature." I didn't turn around, knowing what I would see if I did. I closed my eyes again and dropped my chin to my chest, hoping the action would banish him back to the corner of Hell he came from. It didn't work, however, and when he continued his thoughts, his deep baritone voice, colored in a thick southern accent, slid down my spine and brought back up the wanton whore I so willingly became under his hands. "Something that little pansy ass could never dream of doing much less understand." I lifted only my eyes, staring at the place my life had vanished in the moments prior. As the words from the man behind me settled into my brain, my lip curled and I scoffed. "How can I expect him to when I don't even understand what the fuck happened?" There was a noise behind me but I had no idea what it was. I was still dead set on not turning back and staring my