The grand old mirror stood rigid and upright like an ornamental soldier, it's guilded gold edges glimmered and sparkled from the dull stream of dusty light that filtered onto it. It's spotless and shining surface reflected back that of a 15 year old boy, his tall and slim frame stood awkwardly in long black robes with the badge of Gryffindor house emblazoned on the breast pocket. The boys face would have usually been handsome but at the present time was scrunched up as he tugged back and forth trying to adjust the garment, his medium length jet black hair had fallen over his face as he bent down to rearrange the hem and as he stood up straight he brushed it aside to be met by the stark contrast of his piecing blue eyes, they almost looked foreign to his face but didn't shimmer coldly instead they looked calm and trusting as he grimaced at his other self in front of him, turning round full circle with his vision fixed firmly on the mirror. "Yes sir, I must say you do look rather dashing. A good choice." beamed the mirror, it's voice that expected of an old shop keeper as it pruned and preened the boys appearance before it. "Seymour Turner if you don't buy these robes this instant it would be a crime against fashion itself." If the mirror had legs the boy was sure it would have hobbled over and shunted him towards the counter of the shop with his wallet in hand. Seymour merely frowned at his reflection trying to convince himself that he didn't in fact look like a complete pillock and wondered what part of this garment could possibly be a crime if it wasn't purchased. "Er… cheers." the boy nodded and decided that he may just as well cave in to the mirror's demands being as it was only the simple matter of his new school robes anyway. After spending four years previously attending Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry Seymour had sprouted another half a foot since his last and knew his old robes from his forth year would barely cover his knees let alone his shins. He heaved a sigh of contempt as his eyes wandered around the rest of Madam Malkin's shop. A further four students all of whom he had never met before were standing in front of similar grand scale mirrors all being wooed by the equally charming voices emanating from them. One boy in particular, a young lad who Seymour thought must have been a first year was so flabbergasted by the idea of a talking mirror that he had now taken to spitting out a never ending stream of questions towards it. "How long have you been a mirror?" - "Is it boring doing nothing but watching other people get changed?" - "Do you clean yourself?" - "What happens if you break?" the boy was engrossed but the mirror seemed far less eager to converse and simply continued to tell the boy how fantastic he looked in his new Hogwarts robes and was growing more restless with every second until after five full minutes of constant interrogation was now merely dribbling out half hearted praise such as, "Oh look, that's nice.", "Good robes aren't they?", "I think you're mother's calling you." The shop itself was large in scale but cramped from the interior due to it being jammed packed with rail upon rail of robe after robe after robe, all different shapes, colours and sizes adorned the hangings from dress robes to school robes from Quidditch robes to business robes. Each section was marked out by a large gold banner which hung like a beacon above each rail. Towards the front of the shop the owner Madam Malkin was busy measuring a young girl who was to be fitted for her first set of school robes, she buzzed around her like a fly, her tape measure following in mid air springing to life every so often to run around the girls waist and shoulders, then her full length from head to toe. The back end of the shop was also occupied not by more robes but by five house elves who sat at five identical sewing machines, they chatted merrily as they set to work on stitching robe after robe working at incredible pace, the material whizzed through he machine in a blur before being hung on the ever increasingly full spare rail which would roll off by it's self once full through a large black door which lead to the store room. "Sir… sir, I may have already mentioned this but those robes, my, my, they do look lovely." the mirror tilted forward slightly and bore down on the boy forcing him to look back at himself. "Yeah you did… thanks again." Seymour gave a nod and then hopped off the tiny footstool, taking off his new robes and slinging his jacket back on. He gathered the new set of attire in his arms and carried it off to the counter to pay, as if a sixth sense provoked her Madam Malkin spun on the spot and rushed over to him leaving the first year girl she was measuring poised in mid air with her arms held out at her sides, a look of obscure bemusement on her face. "Seymour Turner, so nice to see you again." the short woman smiled broadly at him as she took his robes from him hands and folded them neatly into a gold bag, all done by wand of course. "How is your father, I hope Lawrence is doing well?" she busied her self as she took his payment and ran it through the oversized till by the window. "Yes thanks, he's still really busy with work and everything. The new school year is always a busy time." Seymour smiled at the woman as she returned his change. "I'm not surprised, Gringotts likes to run a tight ship. Although I think those Goblins get a lighter share of the workload than the rest of the wizards who work for them." she replied looking disgruntled. Seymour knew what she meant. Gringotts run and owned by goblins, who considered security and secrecy their number one priority were none too keen to pass any of the important work onto it's wizard workers and often offloaded all the mountains of paper work onto them instead. His father had worked for the bank for well over ten years but had never once gained a promotion, in fact a kind word of encouragement wouldn't go a miss his father had once said, even a good morning from his goblin boss would have been a nice surprise. "I remember when your father came in to my shop on his last year at Hogwarts, he was so excited about his plans after he left. He said he'd been offered to go on trial with the Devon Diggers that year. Shame about his dodgy knee… he loved Quidditch your father. It feels like only yesterday he was in here telling me and Lizzy how it was a sure…" her words trailed off and her smile faded upon mention of his mother, she cast her eyes away from his and froze. Seymour's mother had been killed ten years previously due to an accident she'd had during a match. Like her husband Elizabeth Turner had been a keen Quidditch player but unlike Seymour's dad she had no dodgy knee, aching arm or niggling neck of any kind. She was a mighty fine beater and managed to secure a place with the Wiltshire Wallops, a second division Quidditch team on the way up. It was during their last game of the season that she had been caught on the back of the head by a particularly ferocious bludger which knocked her of her broom and sent her falling 200ft to the ground below. It wasn't certain whether the hit itself or the fall killed her. Her accident was one of many that prompted public outcry for stricter safety rules to be brought into the game. His father was devastated but held it together well enough to bring up their only son, he often worked extra shifts to make ends meet and swapped his old job training a Sunday league Quidditch team to work at Gringotts. The improved pay was welcome but Seymour knew that his father would love nothing more than to be back out on the pitch again. He would spend countless hours of his free time helping Seymour train playing Quidditch with him in the fields by their house. Seymour himself made a fairly decent chaser but only this year did he consider trying out for the house team due to the departure of Alicia Spinnet and Angelina Johnson last year's Quidditch team chasers and captain. Sensing the awkward silence that lingered between them Seymour braced a smile and nodded. "Yeah, he used to take me to watch all of mum's games. I think my dad was obsessed with the sport." he scratched his nose and shoved the loose change back into his pocket. Madam Malkin looked at him with a fond smile and agreed, "Yes, could have been one of the greats your father. Victor Krum… peh not even on the same level." she took the gold bag in her hands and sealed it, then took a piece of blank parchment and dipped her quill into a pot of ink. "I take it you'll want these delivered by owl?" "Yes please." Seymour agreed as she instantly scribbled down his address onto the blank sheet and then used her wand to attach it to the bag, she then popped it into the small shoot behind her on the wall and it slid away out of site. Seymour stepped out onto the cobbled pavement in front of "Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions" and took in the familiar sights, sounds and smells of Diagon Alley. The untidy street was full to the brim with young witches and wizards all bustling back and forth from shop to shop. It was getting dark and the full moon bathed the shoppers below in a glowing light. A small gaggle of students he recognised wandered past and waved to him, he waved back and then was required to hastily duck out of the way as a large old leather trunk came hurtling towards him narrowly missing his head and crashing with full force into the shop's solid brick wall. It bounced back like a tennis ball and then burst open spilling it's contents onto the busy street. An older boy came running after it thoroughly out of breath, his round face sweating heavily, his eyes ripe with worry. "Sorry Seymour, G… George tried to use a levitating charm to have it follow me but it decided it didn't want to go home to my Grandmother and made a run for it." the boy doubled over with his hands resting on his knees. Seymour laughed and quickly bent down to help the boy force his belongings back into the concussed trunk. "It's alright Neville, I've met your Grandmother remember? I'm surprise it had the will to bolt in the first place." Neville gave a grin at this and finished pushing a large Herbology book into the case before slamming it shut. "Thanks, I think I'll just stick to carrying it by hand for now." said Neville now using all his available strength to drag the thing over the uneven stones. Seymour couldn't just watch the poor boy struggle so he grabbed the other end of the trunk and lifted it between them. "Thanks." huffed Neville looking mighty appreciative of the help. They made a start down the winding path and were constantly stopping to let large groups of people pass by as between the three they nearly took up the whole narrow street. "So how come you've had to buy a new trunk Neville… it is