They were close. He didn't know how he knew this but he did. Something in the air had changed. As if a thousand fireworks had disturbed the atmosphere leaving only the vibrations in the sky. A nervous excitement had punctured the air amidst the chaos. Had Harry succeeded? Whatever he was doing in the castle tonight was he any closer to finishing the job? Remus Lupin stumbled into the nearby wall which was no longer fully erected, half its brick work lay on the floor beneath his feet like crumbs. He touched his forehead and drew back his hand to find it stained red, no big deal, he was ok. He willed himself to step forward, to leave the luxury of the wall's support to once again join the foray. His head felt paper light, a strange haze surrounding his eyesight. What had that blasted Thorfinn Rowle done to him. The useless fool had sent a rather badly aimed Confundus charm his way, no doubt hoping to slow him down. He was caught off guard and although the spell had failed it still managed to effect his mind briefly, leaving him unsteady and vulnerable. "Avada Kedvra!" The spell zipped like a bolt of lightning past his face. He spun slightly off balance to find Rowle glaring back at him, his wand held high. "Stupefy!" He sent the spell sailing with hope towards his attacker. Rowle stepped back and blocked it easily. "Ha you stupid dog!" He spat, a sickening grin snaking onto his lips. "Must be losing your touch old man." Lupin managed a grin through the pain in his ribs. "Just needed to get you where I wanted you. Confringo!" He snatched his wand upwards and aimed for the crumbling ceiling above Rowle's head which came crashing down onto him with the force of an anvil. The stone smashed and splintered sending debris Lupin's way. A particularly large piece caught him in the face sending him falling backwards, his head landing on the floor with a sickening thump. The room span, a thousand little lights cluttered his vision. He reached out and repositioned the small flickering one on the tree. He took a step back and smiled, shaking his head. A Christmas tree looked so out of character at number 12 Grimmauld Place. A beacon of joy and colour in a house black in every sense of the word. "Remus." He turned towards the voice that had appeared at the living room door. Her bright pink hair tucked away behind a hood soaked in rain. He felt a strong surge run through his body as if someone had lit a fire inside his chest. "How is he?" Tonks asked pulling the hood down as she made her way towards him. "He's fine. They got to him in time. He's at St. Mungo's for now, so is the rest of the family." He smiled though still found it hard to rid the nervous edge to his voice. "I heard it was a snake but how..." "Voldemort." He said simply, she winced at the name and came to join him by the tree's side. Thy both stared at the evergreen for a while. The silence only breaking when Tonks spoke again. "And you? How are you?" Her voice was quiet and steady. She shifted her gaze sideways to look at him. "I'm fine. You know I am." He tried desperately to mask the bite of frustration in his voice and opted to smile weakly at her. "How would I know? You won't answer my owls and trying to find you these days is like searching for you-know-who himself." She frowned pushing her hands onto her waist. "Ever since I..." she went quiet for a moment, a pained expression darkening her eyes. "It's as if you wish I'd never said anything." His heart sank, he didn't want to talk about it again but the emotion in her words caught him off guard. "Tonks look you're still young." "Don't give me that." She snapped. "I'm not a child." "I know." He replied softly. "Believe me." "So what's the issue?" She asked a note of hope in her voice. "Oh I don't know Tonks maybe it's just the small matter of me turning into a hideous beast every full moon. I know it's only a tiny problem but it's a start." He added sarcastically. "You know I don't care about that." "But I do." He argued his voice growing more strained. "Good for you." She poked him in the chest. "I would expect no less but please trust me when I say I've thought about this. I want to be with you." The words danced like a drumroll in his stomach. A warm feeling spreading throughout his tired and scarred body. His forced the feeling down taking a deep breath. "Nymph-" "You call me that and I will slap you." She raised her hand in the air as if begging him to continue. He let a grin cheat his facade of seriousness but only briefly. "Ok what about the fact I have nothing to offer. I haven't had a job for nearly two years Tonks. Apart from a few things here and there I'm barely scraping by." "If I wanted some rich, pompous snob I'd marry a Malfoy like my aunt. " "Then there's the age. You've barely lived long enough to know what you truly want." "Neither have you. Hiding away and living in the shadows isn't living Remus." "Fine!" He barked finally letting his frustration boil over. "Let's just run off together then. Then one night when I'm feeling peckish I'll just sink my teeth into you while you sleep." "Don't be dramatic!" She shouted back bawling her fists. "As if you ever be so spontaneous!" She turned and walked towards and old torn armchair. "If it's just you can't face turning me down don't worry about it. If you don't want to be with me that's fine. If you're too scared..." "Scared! Of course I'm scared. I'm terrified." He strode over to her taking her shoulders in his hands and turning her round to face him. "I've never wanted something so much in my life. The fact I could destroy something so important to me. Tear apart the only thing I've ever truly desired. You think I don't want this?" He gripped her tightly bringing her face to his and kissing her. Firm and fiercely he held her lips on his, taking long deep breaths letting her scent turn his rational mind to dust. Her hand holding his arm fell limp and she leaned into him taking her arms and wrapping them round his neck. He placed his hand on her neck, feeling the smooth soft skin grace his rough fingers. Her pulse thumping like a drum, the blood running through her veins like a river. His fingernails began to dig into the soft supple flesh. "NO!" He pushed Tonks away backing off and slamming into the mantle on the fireplace. "Lupin please it's ok." Tonks made towards him her hand rubbing her neck. "STAY AWAY!" He took long breaths bending down placing his hands on his knees. "It's too close till the next moon. I knew it was too close." He took his fist and slammed it violently onto the side table by the chair. "It's ok. We'll be careful." "No." He replied bluntly. Tonks stopped in her tracks glaring at him. "No? Don't just kiss me like that and then take it back." "You do realise what I was about to do to you?" He growled at her trying to wipe the smell of blood from his nostrils. "Well with any luck, but if you keep pushing me away we'll never..." "This isn't a time for jokes." "Of course it is you idiot. If not now then when? When we're married?" "Married?" "See it's the perfect time for jokes." She crossed her arms and smiled at him. "It's ok Remus, I'm fine. We just need to be careful that's all. I'm willing to put in the effort." He looked back at her fighting the mad urge to take her and kiss her all over again. The pain surged through his cranium, as he rolled over, pushing himself onto his knees. The hole in the castle ceiling let in the moonlight from the window in the room above. Rowle's hand poked crookedly from the rubble. He dusted himself off and made his way wearily down the corridor, a thin trail of blood pouring into his eye and blurring his vision. He had to find Harry, he must. He was willing to turn the entire castle over just so he could stick by his side. "Professor!" A cry came ringing along the stone walls like a siren. He could make out the shape of a young girl staggering down the corridor. Her hair was matted with blood which ran to her neck and chest. Fresh gashes looking raw and painful ran along her skins surface. Lavender Brown collapsed before she could reach him. He knelt down and propped her up on his knee. "It's ok Miss Brown I've got you." He placed a hand on her head feeling the heat rise towards his hand. "I've lost Hermione. She saved me." Lavender's breaths were ragged and torn from her throat. "I can't move my arm." She tried to raise her left arm but the large tears in her flesh were too deep and had rendered it useless. Her eyelids sagged slightly as she stared around her. "Where's Hermione?" She whimpered. Lupin had seen this before and felt a dreaded chill fill his mind. "There you are my deary. Where did you run off to?" The voice sent a shiver down Lupin's spine, it was as thick as curdled blood and rattled off the walls. He looked up from the girl to find Fenrir Greyback stalking the halls, his mouth painted with a smattering of blood. He had a cut above his eye and was covered in glass. He smiled when his eyes fell onto Lupin. "Well what is this my love? Running into the arms of the next beast you can find but I haven't finished with you yet." His tongue licked the blood off his teeth as he bared them. Lupin gently leant Lavender against the stone wall and stood up placing himself between her and Greyback. "You don't touch her." He growled at Fenrir, squeezing his hands into tight fists, holding his wand tight. "Too late." The beast sang, waving a bloodied hand in Lupin's face. "You sick bastard." Lupin could feel his whole body shake, years of hatred and resentment tearing at his chest dying to get out and rip a hole in the world. "Oh do join the club Lupin." Fenrir whined rolling his eyes. "This whole noble and just act is really testing my patience." His eyes narrowed and bore into him. "We are what we are." "I'm nothing like you." "Oh yes you are. We're all just beasts hiding in plain sight. All you need is the right incentive." And with that he cast a stunning spell at Lupin which he blocked but not fast enough to sidestep Fenrir as he launched himself towards him. Crashing into the wall behind painfully Fenrir took his long sharp nails and dug them into Lupin's face. Tearing and scraping at him. Lupin grabbed hold of the werewolf's robes and pushed him back, placing his foot on the stone behind to propel them backward onto the floor. Fenrir rolled away before leaping at him again, relentless. He pinned Lupin to the floor and sunk his teeth into his shoulder. Lupin screamed, the rage forcing him to bite back despite lacking Fenrir's sharp fangs. Greyback laughed heartily. "Not bad my boy. Might even leave a mark." He grabbed hold of Lupin's hair and smashed his head onto the floor. A sea of red covered his sight as blood soaked his face.