Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter A/N: Harry has some internalized self-hatred going on in this story. I just wanted to say that I don't agree with the way he thinks, and I don't think that he's broken. Something New Chapter One Harry took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "You can do this, Potter," he muttered to himself. He could do this. It wasn't like this would be any harder, theoretically at least, than the job he'd done for the past two decades. Hells, he'd practically done this job back in his fifth year of Hogwarts! Now that he was in his forties, now that he'd actually been an Auror, it shouldn't be any problem, right? Right. Harry took another deep breath and settled at the high table that overlooked the mostly empty Great Hall. There were other professors milling about, including Neville, who had been the one to first tell Harry that Headmistress McGonagall was looking for a new Defense professor. When he spotted Harry sitting at the table, he lit up and immediately made his way over. "How are you, Harry?" the Herbology teacher asked, even as he settled in the chair next to Harry. "Minerva never did tell us who was going to be taking over Defense this year. Said she wanted it to be a surprise," he added with a slight roll of his eyes. Harry tried out a smile, and when his face didn't break, he kept it on. "I'm doing okay," he said quietly. "Still not sure this is the right move for me, but I do think that I need to try something new. So here I am. Trying something new." He breathed out in a small sigh. "How's the divorce going?" Neville asked, his voice gentling ever so slightly. Harry flinched. "The kids are pretty angry," he said. Then he laughed. "Kids. Like they're not all graduated and out in the world, making their way. They just… they just don't understand why Ginny and I couldn't make it work." Neville patted him on the shoulder. "They'll figure it out," he said. "How's Ginny doing?" Harry let out another small laugh. "She's good," he said. That was the one bright spot in all of this mess. Ginny didn't hate him. She understood, and that alone kept Harry from hating himself completely. "She's happier, I think, now that we're not trying to make it work. Honestly, I think we get along better now that we're divorcing than we ever did while we were married." "It's good that the two of you can get along though, right?" Neville didn't shift from his side as the other teachers started to settle in at the table. It was strange how many of them Harry still recognized, it almost felt oddly surreal. "Yeah," he said slowly, even as the students started to enter the hall. He perked up a bit. "Yeah. It's a good thing. I just…" He stopped. This wasn't the place to talk about the things he wished he understood, and Neville probably wasn't the person to talk about them with. Neville clapped him on the shoulder again, and the both of them turned their attention to the Sorting Hat when it began its annual song. Harry was amused, and somewhat disheartened, to hear that even two decades after the end of the war, the Hat still sang about the need for loyalty between the houses. "Even now?" Harry muttered to Neville, who let out a small snort that drew the eyes of a few students. There were a few whispers as those same students caught sight of who was sitting next to the Herbology Professor, and by the time the Sorting Hat had finished its yearly work, practically the entire student body was staring at Harry. Harry, in turn, was staring down at his empty plate. "Oh, this is awful," he whispered, and felt Neville nudge him in the side. "What?" he hissed. "Look up, you. You look like you're intimidated by the students!" Neville hissed to him. Harry didn't look up. "I am intimidated by the students," he said quietly. There was a small laugh from several seats down, and then he heard a chair scrape back. "Ladies and gentlemen," Headmistress McGonagall said clearly into the hush that fell over the Great Hall. "I know that typically announcements happen after the feast, but since you've all noticed our newest professor, perhaps I shall introduce him now so that you won't all stare him into starvation while he attempts to eat his dinner?" A wave of laughter spread out over the Great Hall, and Harry felt himself relaxing as the intensity of those stares lifted enough that he could breathe again. He finally looked up and tried out a smile, and found that the majority of the faces still raised towards him were also smiling. Right. He was a teacher now; he could totally do this. "Mr. Potter, if you would stand up?" McGonagall, who had insisted that Harry could call her Minerva even though Harry knew that he would never feel comfortable doing so, suggested. "Yes, of course," he said quickly. He stood and half bowed to the students in front of him. "Professor Potter is, of course, the former Head Auror for the Ministry of Magic. He is also, yes, the Boy Who Lived, and did defeat Voldemort. We're very lucky to have him here, working to teach all of you how to defend yourselves from any future dangers you might encounter. Perhaps we could give him a bit of a welcome?" The applause was pretty close to thunderous, and Harry knew that he was blushing as he settled back into his seat. The rest of the feast proceeded as normal, and Harry spent quite a bit of the time getting to know his fellow Professors from his now more equal standing. Flitwick, who was also insisting that Harry call him Filius, was quite cheerful, more so than Harry had realized when he was a student. And Trelawney was every bit as awful as Harry remembered. Neville, though, was calm and quiet, and Harry found himself returning to conversation with his fellow Gryffindor more often than not. All of the professors, including Minerva but excepting Trelawney, seemed convinced that Harry could handle teaching the students. Neville, especially, seemed determined to drive that idea into Harry's head, and spent a good half of the night reassuring him that he absolutely could do this. As a result, by the time the feast ended and the students were dismissed for the night, Harry almost thought that maybe he could actually do this teaching thing. Merlin knew he wouldn't turn out as bad as, say, Lockhart had been. Or Umbridge, for that matter. Yeah. He could do this. ooOOooOOoo He couldn't do this. Harry took a deep, shuddering breath, and let it out slowly as he let his head slide forward to connect with the cool wood of his desk. He really couldn't do this. He'd have to apologize to McGonagall, tell her that she'd made a mistake in hiring him, something. That was assuming that she didn't fire him, because that had been… that had been an absolute disaster. There was a knock on the door, and Harry didn't even bother to look up or shift from his slump. "Come in!" he called, his words muffled by the desk. He heard the door creak open, and then heard someone settle in the chair across from his desk. "Really, Mr. Potter, can you be any more dramatic?" Headmistress McGonagall asked, her voice prim. Harry winced and forced himself to sit up. "I'm sure I can," he said. "Is… are they going to be okay?" He'd done what he could to neutralize the effects of the curse, which they never should have been using since they were only third years, but… but he wasn't a Healer, and things could have gone very badly once they'd been taken to St. Mungo's. He just didn't know. "They're going to be fine," the Headmistress said with a dip of her head. "So if that's what those hysterics are for, you should probably stop." Harry sagged in relief. "That's good to hear," he whispered. He cleared his throat and forced himself to sit up straight. "I should… I'm just gonna go and pack my bags. I'm sorry for accepting the job when I'm clearly in no way ready to be teaching." McGonagall's eyebrows rose. "Mr. Potter, really, did I say that I was firing you?" she asked sharply. Harry blinked. "I would think that their parents…" "Are lecturing both of them for being so very stupid as to use a curse that's not even taught here at Hogwarts, and are very grateful that you were the teacher and you managed to neutralize the worst of the effects," she said sharply. "Now, if this incident has made you decide that you would rather not be a teacher, that's another matter entirely. Is that the case, Mr. Potter?" Harry shook his head rapidly. Then he paused, thought about it, and shrugged. "Maybe?" he tried. "I don't… they could have been killed." "So could you, any number of times while you were a student here." When Harry opened his mouth to object, to point out that his life had of course been more dangerous than a normal student's, McGonagall held up her hand. "And no, Mr. Potter, I'm not talking about Voldemort. I'm talking about your everyday adventures that had nothing to do with that man. Like flying after Neville's Remembrall in your first year. Or flying that awful car here in your second." Harry hesitated, then said, "But that second one did have to do with Voldemort." McGonagall's eyes narrowed, and Harry immediately regretted every foolish decision he'd ever made. "Do you still want to try teaching here, Mr. Potter?" Headmistress McGonagall asked. "I would understand if you didn't; this was a nerve racking thing to have happen within your first week." "You don't think that I did anything wrong?" Harry asked, and winced when his voice came out a bit smaller than he would have liked. What was it about Hogwarts that made him feel like a child again? "I think that you responded to a ridiculous accident with the best of your capability, and that you are in no way to blame for the foolishness of this particular pair of students. I would, however, encourage you not to allow the students to engage in mock duels until you're more certain that you have control over the classroom." The brief bit of criticism, oddly enough, made Harry feel better. "I understand," he said with a small, relieved sigh. "I think I'd like to keep going as a teacher, if you really think I can handle it." Headmistress McGonagall's smile was thin, but was definitely present. "Of course I think you can handle it," she said. "After all, aren't you the one who pointed out that you were essentially doing this in your fifth year?" Harry let out a small bark of laughter. "Thanks, Headmistress," he said with a slight grin. Immediately, her eyes narrowed although her smile remained. "Harry, I have asked you to call me Minerva," she said, her voice deceptively mild. Harry swallowed. "Minerva," he said quickly. "Thank you, Minerva." She nodded at him, pleased, and then stood. "You're most welcome, Mr. Potter. Your first years and fourth years are raving about you, by the way, and your third years will be as well once they get over the fact that you had to save the lives of two of their yearmates. You really are doing an excellent job." She left, and Harry relaxed a bit. Right. He was doing a good job, aside from the fact that two third years had ended up in the hospital on his watch. But still, it wasn't his fault. Minerva would have told him if it had been. She wouldn't let