Hello! Thank you for clicking on my story ^.^ I spent alot of time on trying to perfect this story, so I hope you enjoy it. Constructive criticism is always wanted, or anything else you would like to say. I'll stop talking now and let you read, and again, thank you. A council was being held in the morning; A council of Elrond. Allegedly, this was the first council in a long time that all of the races are attending. Elves, Men, Hobbits, Dwarfs, Maiars, and an Unsought. Unsoughts; what treacherous creatures. An Unsought; essentially meaning someone of the forbidden blood. Unsoughts; worthless, cynical, disgusting. Since the age of ten, Aurora, a miss of the Unsought blood, had lived among the Rivendell Elves. They were accommodating to her, as long as she did daily chores for them. Unsoughts; such grotesque blood. No mercy for the Unsoughts. The sun had just brandished its self over the snow-capped mountains. Though, Aurora had been up countless hours. Making arrangements for the council, and nursing the injured hobbit that Arwen had brought to the Elves. Aurora sat alongside the hobbit; Frodo? Was that his name? She thought that is what she overheard Arwen call him. As she hastily worked on mending his wounds, new voices could be heard in the hallways. One voice, a genuine and wise voice, was drawing closer to the hobbit's resting place. Aurora listened as the footsteps concluded, and the door freed to reveal an aged man. Rising to her feet, she bowed. Elrond then emerged from behind the elderly man. "Aurora, meet Gandalf the grey." "It is an honor to meet you, sir." She bowed once more. A compassionate smile was given back, "As it is to meet you." A grin crept across Aurora's face; no one had ever been honored to meet an Unsought. Her smile stayed even as the hobbit awoke and Gandalf's attention was turned to him. The hobbit's eyes examined the room, and grew exorbitant when he laid eyes on Gandalf. "Gandalf!" He rejoiced, letting his arms enclose around man's neck. Gandalf chuckled, "Yes, I am here." Aurora didn't stay long enough to get involved in the exchange between the two friends. Her presence most likely wasn't wanted; and after all, she still had chores to do before the council. Time went by and the council drew nearer. And with each hour that passed, more unknown faces appeared around Rivendell. "The Elves of the Woodland Realm have arrived!" She listened as someone bellowed. Down off the balcony she could see the Mirkwood Elves enter Rivendell. They were captivating; the most genuine beauty she had ever seen. Her eyes lingered on them, her mind intrigued. "Aurora!" Elrond hailed to her, snapping her away from the Mirkwood Elves, "Go change, hastily, before the council." She felt the rips and tears in her desultory dress, the holes in her black tights, and her heals and toes that were unprotected from her boots. "Arwen has laid out some tolerable clothes on your bed. Be on your way." Aurora wasted no time getting to her chamber. She didn't bother to examine the attire before she tossed it on. But, after a quick glance in the mirror, she adjudicated that the cream long-sleeved thigh-high dress, paired with nude green tights and brown boots was ten times better than her previous outfit. Her old clothes normally screamed that she wasn't a native to Rivendell, and now she looked like she almost belonged. Her honey blonde waves and her olive complexion still set her apart though. Unsoughts; might as well be burned alive. A single bell notified that Aurora's presence was to be at the council. She quickly placed her old clothes in the hamper next to her bed, and ran a brush through her hair before she dashed to the council. Elrond gestured her to her chair which was placed precisely next to him. From where she sat, she affronted every guest of the council. There were a minority of rough looking men, a couple of beautiful Mirkwood Elves of the Woodland Realm, Frodo, who looked very uneasy, and a very abhorrent dwarf. Abruptly, she felt a firm hand fall upon her shoulder; Gandalf had advanced to her. "I never got a full chance to meet you, my child." His words were clear and real. She timorously stared up at him with blank eyes, not knowing what to say. He softly laughed at her reaction, "No need to be timid. Now, your name was…Aurora. Am I correct?" She answered with a faint nod of the head. "Such a beautiful name it is." He honored. "Thank you." She gave a delicate smile; almost feeling dumb, since these were the only words she could utter. Gandalf focused onto Aurora's eyes. It felt as if he was scorching a hole right through her, "I know you do not belong among these people, Aurora." Her heart dropped into her stomach. She felt the need to cower, for now it was going to be distinguished to the whole council. She was an Unsought. What would happen then? Her thoughts were scrambled in her mind, what if they all insist I leave? Oh, the embarrassment, She though. Elrond had always told her to keep her mouth shut when it came to her blood. He always said to lie. To tell everyone she was a woman, and nothing else. It was made apparent to Aurora that no one gave mercy to the Unsoughts, no matter if she was a kind hearted person or not. It's like the very blood running through her veins was a poison. And even her fondest memories of her home and her parents, couldn't argue with the truth. Everyone hated Unsoughts. Her eyes glanced around the room in paranoia; paranoia that the others were talking about her, snickering at her, spitting on her name. "No needs to be weary my child. I know that you have a pure and amiable heart, Elrond has told me himself." He brushed her cheek, "If throughout your life, you find no love, mercy or forgiveness. Always know I will be a friend to you." Her tension left, and was replaced with a pleasant feeling. "A….friend?" "Yes Aurora, a friend." Gandalf left to take his seat, for the council was now officially starting. Though, Aurora could not focus on the matters of the council. At no point in her life, had she ever had a friend. Sure, the Rivendell Elves were courteous enough to let her live with them, but they were never as amorous to her as Gandalf had just been. Her years in Rivendell were spent working, and taking directions. Elrond was a good guidance for her, but never so much affectionate as a father figure. But whatever his place was, she trusted him. And that was that. "Bring forth the ring, Frodo." Elrond alleged, forcing Aurora out of her thoughts. The Hobbit ascended from his chair, and discreetly placed the ring on an escritoire in front of Elrond. Murmurs seemed to breach. A few being spouted out their ideas, but most were shut down by the others. There was one individual, however, who couldn't seem to encompass his thoughts about the ring. He stood with broad shoulders, "In a dream, I saw the eastern sky grow dark. But in the west, a pale light lingered. A voice was crying, your doom is near at hand! Isildur's bane is found. Isildur's bane…." His voice trailed off as he reached for the ring. "Boromir!" Gandalf boomed with enough power to startle everyone. And the man, agitated, sat down in his seat. But his opinions did not cease, "It is a gift. A gift to the foes of Mordor. Why not use this ring? Long has my father, the Stewart of Gondor, taken the forces of Mordor at bay. By the blood of our people are your lands kept safe! Give Gondor the weapon of the enemy, let us use it against him!" By this time, the man named Boromir was back on his feet. But only to be thrown back down by a man who stood and spoke, "You cannot wield it. The one ring answers to Sauron alone. It has no other master." The boisterous man gave him a look of disgust, "And what would a ranger know of this matter?" One of the Mirkwood Elves rose from his place. His beauty caught Aurora's eye instantaneously. His words, as clear and pure as his beauty, "This is no mere ranger. He is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegiance." "Aragorn?" Boromir sounded almost astonished, "This is Isildur's heir?" "And heir to the throne of Gondor." The elf further computed. The next exchange of words between Aragorn and the elf Aurora could not make out. They'd spoken to each other in some form of Elvish, which Aurora understood not one word of. She did, however, manage to pick up the elf's name. Legolas. "Gondor has no king. Gondor needs no king." Boromir made sure he had the last words before sitting. The next few moments were filled with blank stares, until Gandalf broke the silence, "Aragorn is right." He sighed, "We cannot use it." Then Elrond, "You have only one choice. It must be taken deep into Mordor and cast back into the fiery chasm from whence it came." With innuendo, a red bearded dwarf stood, "Then what are we waiting for!" With one clean hit to the ring, his axe was demolished, knocking him off of his feet. "The ring cannot be destroyed by any craft we here have, Gimli son of Gloin." Elrond rationalized, "The ring was made in the fires of Mount Doom. Only there can it be unmade." His eyes searched the council, "One of you must do this." There was nervous fog that filled the air. Everyone's eyes lowered to the floor, avoiding the matters. "One does not simply walk into Mordor." Boromir claimed. "Its black gates are guarded by more than just Orcs and tortured Unsoughts. There is evil there that does not sleep. It is a barren wasteland filled with fire and ash and dust. Every breath you take is poison." Aurora shifted uncomfortably in her chair. A lot of Unsoughts found their home in Mordor. In Mordor, they are beaten, desecrated, and even burned until they engage in Sauron's army. "Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond just said?" Legolas lashed, "The ring must be destroyed!" "And I suppose you think you're the one to do it? I will be dead before I see the ring in the hands of an elf!" Gimli outraged. This proclamation caused an uproar, everyone now on their feet, shouting and yelling at one another. Aurora stayed in her seat, and watched as Frodo announced to the frustrated group that he would take the ring. The group hushed, and turned to him; all with confused looks. "Though, I do not know the way." Great sympathy grew in Gandalf's eyes, "I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggins, as long as it is yours to bear." It was in that moment that Aurora felt something. Something like, a pulling. Something pulling her to go with the hobbit. After all, she'd spent many years stuck in Rivendell. It was time she did something worthwhile. And she knew that if she didn't, she would regret it forever. "I will also help you Frodo. In whatever ways I can." The words stained her lips, for she couldn't believe she had really and truly just signed up for this journey. "Aurora." Elrond scolded it was apparent he was resenting her choice. "Please, Lord Elrond. I have been a burden to you and your people for long enough. It is time I did something." She bit her lip, "I can take care of myself." There was great hesitation in Elrond before his head gestured yes, "But know this, Aurora. The world does not graciously accept your kind. Be prepared for