Black Luminary. Book one: Houses divided (chapter 1 – chapter 25) Of things remembered part I A certain raven-haired boy lay on his bed, brooding over an absurdly large tome he had procured from the family library: Master Nentray's Complete Guide to Barriers and Wardings seemed very keen on upholding its promise of completion, as it held a staggering 12,000 pages. He carefully opened the formidable work and was surprised to find that what he had considered to be a fairly recent guide to protective charms turned out to be the unpublished magnum opus of a renowned charms master from the 18th century. With reverence, he turned the softly rustling vacat pages and stumbled upon a small handwritten note. The immaculate script in black ink read: 'Weight reduction and compression charms added at my personal leisure, along with a few private observations and recent discoveries for the reader's benefit. Before you start ranting about how I befouled our book, be grateful you don't have to sneakily drag thirty pounds full of charms from the library to your bed in the dead of the night, smart ass. With best wishes to the family – D. Black' Harry chortled softly. He had indeed snuck into the library to … borrow this particular book, but he doubted his grandfather would be very cross with him. In fact, he had encouraged Harry to show interest in this particular branch of magic. Thinking about generations of young Blacks covertly trying to fool their parents, who in turn must have done the very same, amused him deeply before he plunged into the art of warding. Hours later he gently stored his new treasure under his bed and conceded that he might as well get at least a few hours of sleep. A look towards the window told him that dawn was not far off. Still thinking about his new project, he mused that the only reason Nentray was not on some kind of black list was that he had apparently already grossed out the publisher, who had refused go public. Not that the tome contained any kind of malevolent magic, but the author seemed to take vindictive pleasure in describing the consequences suffered by would-be intruders. Harry was mostly interested in the deeper theory though, so the somewhat disturbingly graphic descriptions did not irk him. In fact, to Harry it seemed that Nentray had been an incredible genius and only failed to get recognition due to his somewhat vile personality. With one last look at his bedside table, he remembered the big envelope that resided well-hidden and deep within. Smiling to himself, he turned around, falling asleep within a few minutes. Breakfast was always a quiet affair. Arcturus, Harry's grandfather, was as usual deeply engrossed in the Prophet, tea seeming to be his only concession to the occasion. Harry did not mind though. He was always distinctly irritated in the morning and the quiet company was most agreeable to him. Even the house elves had picked up on their habits and silently placed a bowl of porridge in front of Harry. Fifteen minutes later, the latest scion of the house felt measurably more content. As if picking up on this, his grandfather spoke up without setting aside his newspaper, 'Had a good read last night? Surely you remember our talk of library books and where they belong, dearest Grandson?' Harry's first instinct was to dispute the accusation but, remembering whom he was talking to, he refrained from doing so. A more careful response was needed here. 'I think so. Though I have as yet reserved judgement on the tome's quality, it seemed most promising when I had a look at it in the library.' Harry carefully examined his sentences and silently congratulated himself. He had indeed had a look at Nentray's opus in the library. What he had done next was better left unmentioned. Arcturus' head appeared from behind the Daily Prophet and gave him a calculating look. 'Surely, Harry, you dutifully withheld yourself from sneaking off with said book then?' Harry winced. 'Eh – no, sorry.' To his surprise, his grandfather chuckled. 'It's alright this one time. Do be careful though. That book is a unique.' 'A what?' Harry quickly blurted out before correcting himself. 'Sorry. What is a unique, Grandfather?' 'A unicum, Harry. I am quite sure neither the Ministry nor Hogwarts has a transcribed copy.' Harry was baffled. Usually, Arcturus was quite strict where the library was concerned. Apparently noticing the flabbergasted look on his grandson, Arcturus added, 'My own grandfather once told me how he was apprehended smuggling the very same book out of the library by his own grandsire. In any case, it is indeed a very good reference book and you will do well studying it. I had Cranky do a preservation charm on it, in any case. Please note that our rule still stands regarding any other book. Do we have an understanding?' In spite of the reproof, Harry smiled brightly, 'Thank you, Grandfather.' 'It is quite alright. Why don't you show me some of what you have learned, and we can later talk about your understanding of the theory before our evening lesson?' Harry smiled. 'I'd like that. Thanks!' Seeing the smug look of his grandfather, he thought he could get away with what he had in mind. 'Say, Grandfather,' his voice drawled. 'How did it come to pass that your very own grandsire told you about his apprehension with that tome?' His eyes danced roguishly in amusement as Arcturus twitched slightly. 'Ah well, Harry. Let me just say that said occasion was not at all as amusing as I may have made it out to be.' The old house elf, who had not uttered a single word all morning, took Harry's empty tableware and added with a look of playful malice, 'Oh, Master Harry! Cranky remembers very well. Cranky had to supply old Master Phineas Niggelus with a most potent calming draught, after he had finished screaming at the top of his lungs for nearly two hours. Even though Mistress Black had ordered Cranky to do preservation charms on any books young Master Arcturus might fetch out of the library, in any case.' Harry looked in wonder and glee at the ancient house elf and said eagerly, 'I think we should have a talk about some more old stories, Cranky.' The elf seemed to enjoy the prospect and nodded contently, 'It would be Cranky's pleasure, Master Harry.' Arcturus had retreated behind the Daily Prophet, but the slightly irregular rustling of the paper told Harry his grandfather might not be altogether comfortable with the topic. ~BLHD~ True to his promise, Arcturus offered him insight into, and helped him comprehend some of the more obscure concepts of wards that evening. He even directed Harry to practice a basic ward that repelled vermin, as well as the Protego shield. The first was easy enough, as it was one of the easiest wards to cast. In general, the difficulty of a ward derives from several factors: subject, object, permanency and reaction were the most tangible pillars of wards. What is to be defended, against whom , in which way, for how long . A ward against non-sentient, non-magical creatures which was only meant to repel the creatures from a small area and would not have to hold up for very long was no real challenge. The weaving of the ward became infinitely more complex once the application evolved, as even a slight misstep might undo the ward, or even worse, make it faulty. Thus, truly complex wards were often in the form of runes, as you could make a written plan of the string of runes in advance and avoid the chance of failure. Runes themselves had weaknesses though; a woven ward existed only through bare magic, a runic ward, however, was anchored, and the script itself had to be protected, lest it in turn be targeted. In general, only people with either eidetic memory or prodigious instinct could weave complex wards, which is why Ancient Runes were taught, facultatively, in the second year at Hogwarts, and wards never before sixth year. Shield Charms, on the other hand, were of broader application, though their drain and power were heavily contingent upon the caster's own magical prowess. Since Harry still did not have his own wand, he was using a Black heirloom which was, to his own and his grandfather's surprise, unnervingly compatible. Arcturus had nevertheless anticipated this particular charm, which was only due to be taught in fourth year at Hogwarts, to be a crisp challenge for a thirteen-year-old. To their mutual astonishment however, Harry found the casting of the shield so easy, it seemed to spring from the tip of his wand almost by itself. Arcturus was even more baffled that his grandson's shield seemed to practically radiate power and hummed menacingly. He carefully lifted his wand and threw a silent Disarming Charm towards the wall of light. The moment it impacted the softly flowing magic, it rebounded and accelerated to shocking velocity, flew in less than half a second sixty yards across the dining room, only to finally smash into the wall where the house elves would later find several fissures in the stone. After a brief pause, Arcturus eventually coughed delicately and muttered, 'Maybe you and your wand should tone it down a bit, Harry.' ~BLHD~ Harry remembered well that day a few years ago when he had been taken into Gringotts. He had been there several times before, of course, as his grandfather was very open with him about the whole family business, but that day had been quite special. After the Ministry had rearranged the Hogwarts curriculum following Grindelwald's defeat, they had decided that children of eleven years were much too impressionable, especially towards political drifts. Thus, Hogwarts changed their age of enrolment to fourteen. O.W.L.s would be tested at the end of fourth year and N.E.W.T.s at the end of the sixth. Seventh year was only accessible to students who qualified and intended to take on an apprenticeship. It had become customary for children to get their wands directly before starting Hogwarts, so if their parents wished to give them a basic understanding in magic before school – as was encouraged by the ministry – they had to make do with family or heirloom wands. After a lot of subtle prodding, his grandfather had finally agreed to have him try some of the Black wands stored away deep in Gringotts. He had originally been reluctant to do so and had told Harry of his reasons; wands could be very picky with whom they bonded and, as far as Arcturus knew, never had a Black wand allowed someone who was not of the family to wield them. It had been a very dreary discussion, since Arcturus was extremely serious about making Harry part of the family, as was Harry. The possibility that the wands might object had been a very grim prospect for the both of them. Harry had always enjoyed the long and winding trips down the labyrinth beneath Gringotts, but that day they'd arrived before he had steeled himself. His grandfather had put both of his hands on his shoulders and said very quietly, 'Harry, you are family, no matter if some wooden stick muses otherwise; as far as I am concerned you are, at the very least, my grandson.' Harry had drawn comfort from Arcturus' words and did not stifle his relief. He had taken a step forward and then another and had finally come to stand in a dank cavern which was lit by numerous ancient torches. This was the oldest of the Black vaults, the heirloom chamber. Hundreds upon hundreds of items stood on pedestals, hung from the ceiling or lay on shelves, and once he strained his eyes a touch, a slight blueish shimmer around them had told Harry they were well protected and preserved. He had-quite innocently-asked his grandfather,