Prologue. "Kiss me." I sit there right in front of her not believing the words I've just heard, not until she says them again. "Kiss me." she states with more confidence and force, with one last swig of the beer I was holding I place it onto the table standing. As soon a I do she stands as well, perhaps from the wide eye look she gives me she thinks she said something wrong. She has. "Peeta please don't go I was wro-... mmhmmm." though in this moment I can't quite care about what's right and wrong, the alcohol coursing through my veins casing me to act bolder than ever before and her protest and apology get cut off before they have a chance to start, turning into a moan as I crush her lips with mine. She so surprised by my sudden actions that the beer she's holding drops to the ground, stunned if only for a second before her arms wrap around my neck and she vigorously presses back into me. Hands gripping my hair roughly as we both force our tongues together, the sweet taste of beer still on our lips and tongues but also our selves and like some heavenly nectar I can't get enough. Running my hands down her back, bring them to rest on her ass, squeezing hard and gaining a moan of pleasure in response I get bolder and hoist her up, her legs wrapping around my waist as I back us up and slam her against the wall. Moving along her jaw line, nipping at her skin she bends her head backwards allowing me better access to nip and suck on that sweet skin. At first just below the ear before moving down her neck to just above her collar bone, sucking and nipping the skin hungrily. "Fuck!... More Peeta …... hah!... more!" she all but yells at me in the heat of the moment. I lean back slightly, looking right at her as both our eye's darken taken over by pure lust. I release my hands from her ass, she holds herself up with her arms spread wide holding onto the boarder frame as I grasp her shirt and rip it open, buttons flying everywhere and her back arcing off the wall and pressing her lower stomach into me as I marvel at her toned body, her breast hiding behind the tight white cotton bra. Like a child in a sweet shop I eye the hungrily. "What are you waiting-... Shit!" as I do just what she wanted, waiting no longer as my mouth reconnects with flesh and both my hands fly up and cup her breast, carefully but firmly I start kneading them between my hands, my thumbs lightly running over her harden peaks as they strain to be released from behind the bra and I'm not one for wasting any time at the moment. Hoisting her up just a little higher, her breast in-line with my face I grab her bra and do the same as with her shirt. Ripping it from her, I waste no time in reconnecting my lips with her breast, sucking in the darken nipple and sucking eagerly on it while at the same time kneading the other in my hand before switch and paying the same attention to the other. All the while she hangs on, hands running through my hair, kissing the top of my head as she moans through it all. Clawing at my shirt for a moment I stop, letting her pull it off my back and it joins her shreds on the floor as she lowers herself and reconnects our lips, the added heat of our bare chest, hers soft yet firm, mine hard and muscled is an incredible feeling. Her eye's darken ever more, remembering her games I know how well she could fight hand to hand, with me also in wrestling at school I can easily see her move to take control and for a second I let her but I've placed myself just right so as she flips us around I trill her faster pinning her against the wall. Both her hands held above her head, using only one of mine to pin her wrist against the wall she struggle a bit before looking into my eye's, seeing the lust in them and in her she licks her lips. Trailing my hand, ghosting over her shin down her chest, between her breast I hook my fingers around her trousers. Pushing them down to reveal her matching white cotton panties I kneel pulling her trouser the rest of the way down and kissing between the insides of her thighs, trailing them down to her knees then back up to her waist purposefully avoiding the place she wants it the most. Carefully and slowly, with the one piece of clothing I just don't rip I pull them down before listening to her... graceful plea. "Fuck Peeta... if you don't do anything I'll finish myself... ahhhhhh!" well I take that as a good sign and continue, kissing each side before slowly sinking one finger into her wet, warm heat. Slowly I lick up, around my finger as I pump in in and out and to the top before taking her clit between my lips and adding another finger. Never having down this before I listen to her moans and gasps, remembering vaguely some of the things my brothers would take about as I begin to feel her legs, her whole body shake. "FUCK!... PEETA! SHIT... I'M!... I'MAHHHHHHH!" she screams as I greedily suck at her, feeling her wall contract around my fingers I continue pumping and sucking at her clit, prolonging her high before she quite literally comes crushing down. I'm only just quick enough to catch her shaking body. "FU...Fuck me..." she whispers, her body still shaking slightly, sweat glistening over her forehead. Placing her hands on both my shoulder, raising herself up and straddling my waist, a devilish, tried but determined grin appearing on her face. I stand up, still with that grin on her face I walk us over to the couch but she makes sure I sit down first. She's in control now. "Your way over dressed Peeta." dropping down to the floor, on her knees as she pulls my jeans off underwear included, freeing my strained member. "Fuck me Peeta..." grasping my length slowly she licks from the base to the tip, swirling he tongue around the tip. I drop my head back, moaning and groaning as she takes more into her mouth before letting it go with a "pop" before climbing back up and grinding herself along my length. "Fuck..." groaning loudly, honestly with all the groaning, moaning and screaming we've done I'm surprised the others in victors village haven't broke the door down but I guess after what happened they're off somewhere planning something. Slick with her juices I shift and in one motion, both crying out I slid into her fully. "Big... soooo fucking big!...Ahhhh!" she starts moving her hips, raising herself and slamming back down, her wall clenching me at every moment as I thrust back up to meet her. The grunts and noises of us meeting getting louder and faster. "Shit... Peeta... hah... hah... faster!" she yells and her command causes me to flip us over, quickly grasping her ankles and raising her legs above my shoulders, pushing into her deeper, faster and hard until we're both fucking at a dizzying speed. Both delirious with pleasure and lust. I can feel myself growing =, her walls clenching harder, her nails digging into my back, raking them up which I'm sure will leave marks. My thrusts and hers becoming more frantic as we both chase that release. "Peeta... so close... I'm almost there..." I nod into her chest, myself feeling the same. "Shit... I'm... I'm going to come!..." yelling as I put everything into my thrust wanting her to find her release. "Wait... just a second... hah... almost... together... in me..." though out of sync I understand her, trying to hold off and keep the pace up I reach down to where we're connected and my hand finds her clit, rubbing hard, fast and in tight circles it's all she needs to fall over the edge. "FUCK! PEETA!" her screams and walls clenching tight around me are all that I need and I follow her of the edge, releasing deep within her. We both collapse onto the sofa, still together, a cool sheen of sweet settling over us but it's her not me that clutches me tightly. Pulling the comforter that hangs over the back of the couch over us. I pull out of her, almost sad at the loss and settle behind her. Wrapping my arms around her, surprised even more when she wiggle, snuggles back into my embrace. "Bet your sexy ass Mellark, we're doing that again tonight." stating it as though it was obvious and really, it is. "You can bet you ass that it'll be more than once tonight and..." as I nuzzle into her neck, kissing the back of it sending shivers down her back. "... tomorrow morning as well." as my hand trails down her stomach and back to her warmth. "Fuck rest..." she says turning around to me and we reconnect our lips together. "Just us two... no one else, no other thinking about people, about her..." she says, almost with a hint of worry and up until this moment I hadn't thought any but her and I'm quick to reassure her. "Just us, tonight, tomorrow... just me and you... beautiful." sighing I roll us, me on-top of her, supporting my weight on my arms we kiss like to long lost lovers final coming back together. For that night and into early the next morning I map her body, getting to know it better than anything else ever before. In that one night we're together in that house, just us with no worry of the outside world and it's perfect. Sometimes we go slow, memorising every part of each other, getting to know what exactly throws us over the edge, other times the passion and lust is to much and we're going at it fast and hard but always together keeping eye contact through it all. When we finally do finish, the early morning sun gracing the horizon normally believing it would be me that would say it first I get the biggest shock of my life when she beats me to it. Whether still under some sort of alcohol influence I'm not sure but I know I'm not but it's still her who says it first. Just before we slip off into sleep, laying half cover under the blanket in-front of the fire her back pressed into my chest, my arms wrapping tightly around her she says it. "I love you..." mumbling it before falling off into sleep, for a moment I hesitate. "... I love you to..." the words coming quite easy, never before believing I could say it to anyone else but her here I am and it feels right. -Next Morning- I wake up, still naked and wrapped in the blanket we feel asleep in but she isn't with me. Pulling back on my boxers, jeans as well I leave the living-room in search of her, I leave my shirt. Here I though she we carefully removed it but seeing it, her clothing as well I can tell we weren't that gracious about it. Moving through the house, the silence falling through everything I can tell she isn't here, that she's left. Walking into the bathroom, taking a shower I wince as the warm water hits my back and I quickly look into the mirror seeing the results left by her last night. Nail scrape marks trailing down the length of my back and it bring a smirk, a grin to my face remembering everything we did last night. Finishing