Author: Isawien_Greenleaf Series: Elrond's Sex Stories #2 Email: Isawien_ Rating: R Warnings: Slash, Spanking, & Violence Characters: Elrond, Haldir Disclaimer: Not mine! Summary: The sequel to Elrond's Predicament. Elrond learns that the golden woods still have more lessons from him to learn. The golden woods were beautiful at night as the young lord of Imaldris stiffly walked down the wooded path. Every step was agony as his backside continued to throb horribly as he slowly made his way towards his Talan. He wanted to get back to his room and take a nice cold bath…anything to cool his heated skin down. His long black hair gently caressed the pale skin of his back and he let out a soft hiss of pain as he tried to edge himself past a prickly bush. It did not help that the sharp thorns scratched at the red skin of his backside. He was wearing his black trousers but the thorns still scratched at the sensitive skin underneath. He let out a yelp when he finally got past them and his gray eyes widened seeing the blood on the nearby thorns. His mind soon drifted back to just hours before when he had been caught by the March Warden of the woods as he bathed in a private glade. The water had been almost heavenly as he swam in their crisp embrace basking in the quiet of the afternoon. All was quiet as the birds sang their lovely tunes and he had just waded to the shore when he felt the point of an arrow pointed at his bare chest. He was startled at being threatened in the woods when the lady had told him that it was perfectly safe. He gulped and looked up to see the icy blue eyes of the elf known as Haldir. He looked around and found then that he was surrounded by blond elves dressed in light gray. Feeling deeply embarrassed at being caught in a most intimate state, he quickly grabbed his trousers and pulled then on as he tried to avoid falling back into the lake. He was also angry at being threatened and began to make a list of things that he may have done to cause these elves to attack him. "W…What is all of this? Why do you threaten me with weapons Guardian?" Haldir regarded him with cool eyes and lowered his bow but did not make any signal for the others to lower their's. He slowly moved a hand behind his back and Elrond stiffened when he saw the thick Elven rope that now rested in the other elf's hands. The pedrehel whimpered and made a move for his sword but before he was able, strong hands grabbed his arms and he soon found himself face down in the dirt. Panic rose in the younger elf's heart as began to struggle as strong elegant hands roughly brought his hands behind his back before roughly binding them. What had he done to deserve this? He began to wonder as he was then roughly pulled up to face his captors. "Why do you treat me thusly? What have I done to you Haldir?" The March Warden smirked coldly and smacked Elrond harshly across the face. "You will not speak unless we allow it half-elf." The tone in his voice left no room for argument or protest. "You have committed a great desecration of our sacred pool and will be punished for it. I would love to punish you personally but I'm afraid Lord Celeborn and our lady will have the honor of being the first to claim your beauty." Elrond stiffened at the words…punished? How? He did not have very long to wait to find out as he was taken to the lord and lady where his punishment was declared and soon carried out. He blushed as his mind drifted back to that said punishment. The thought of the paddle hitting his upturned backside made him quiver with excitement and his breath came out in sweet gasps. He had been taken for the very first time just this afternoon and the remembrance of being filled so sweetly made him moan out. Slowly a hand drifted to touch the waistband of his trousers before the long elegant fingers that grasped a sword in battle were wrapped around his hard sex. Thoughts drifted through his head of the feel of the lord's hard cock thrusting into his virgin hole caused Elrond to started fisting the smooth shaft. He had begun to get worked up and was soon on the verge of release when he heard the sound of someone clearing his throat. Elrond's entire body stiffened in fear as he slowly turned around after pulling the hand rapidly from the bulge in his pants. Haldir was leaning against a tree and appeared to be just as flushed as he was. The cool night's air slowly drifted from the beautiful March Warden's inviting mouth as he stood up and walked towards Elrond. "Do not let me stop you Half-Elf." The blonde said with humor and lust in his voice. The voice still carried the arrogance that he was famous for but the lust surprised even Elrond. Elrond swallowed a small lump of uncertainty as he gazed at the other elf that stood so enticingly before him. Instead of his usual attire of soft grays, the March Warden wore black leather pants that hugged his legs and thighs as if the leather wanted to consume the guardian. He also wore a leather vest that was opened up to reveal the soft white skin and a muscular chest with his pale nipples that appeared to already be hardened. His long blonde hair fell over his shoulders like a golden halo that shone in the moonlight. "What are you doing here?" Haldir smiled thinly and stepped in front of Elrond before gently running his hand down the side of the younger elf's face. The touch was something that Elrond still was not familiar with even with the day's past events and moved to protest. Before he could even get a word out however, a strong hand gripped the dark tresses of his hair and pulled painfully. "Did I not tell you that I would punish you for your crimes?" He then started to walk forward with Elrond hissing in pain as he was dragged by his hair through the dark woods. The younger elf tried to dislodge him hair from the tight grip as tears started to gather in the gray pools of his eyes. He was to be punished again? NAY! "But I have already paid for my crimes. Let me go this instant or the lord and lady shall hear of your indiscretions towards me!" Haldir did not listen as he continued to walk until they reached a lone talan resting in an isolated part of the borders. Elrond gasped when he felt a rather rough tug on his hair as some of the strands painfully ripped out of his skull. He cried out as he was thrown down to the hard cold ground and whimpered as his hands immediately went to his head. He tried to climb to his feet but was roughly thrown inside the dark Talan. He quickly scrambled to his feet and tried to grab anything to defend himself. Elrond could hear Haldir chuckling as the last candle was lit. "Really Pedrehel…Do you even know how to use that thing?" Haldir asked as he began to laugh as he slowly walked to the door and locked it before pointing towards the large object in Elrond's raised hand. The smooth device caused the elf to gasp and drop it as he looked at it in shock. Heat rose to his pale cheeks realizing what it was and then with huge eyes looked at the other elf. Did he intent to impale him with that thing? It looked like a male's sex! He looked around the room in a panic as he soon realized that he was in a place he did not desire to be in but he was trapped with this elf…this elf in black leather. "Welcome to my lair Elrond of Imaldris." Haldir said as he soon lunged at the half elf but the lord had been expecting it and had been able to move out of the way. Haldir let out a loud growl when his head smacked into the headboard of his bed. This was not going as it was planned and he got up onto all fours to glare at his captive. "Do not dishonor yourself Elrond. This can go easily or harshly for you but I will have you!" "Nay! I will inform the lord on this!" "His lordship knows of this you little Elfling Whelp. It is part of the punishment and I intend to see it carried out. Now strip out of those trousers and get it over with or I promise you…you will be screaming before the night is through!" With no choice but to obey, Elrond trembled slightly as he slowly removed his trousers and flushed in embarrassment once again as he was bared before the warrior. "Lie down on the bed." The cool air in the room caused a shiver to run down his spine and gazed at Haldir when he heard the next command. Honor deemed that he obey but as he moved towards the bed, he could not help but wonder what the other elf had in store for him. Part Two The younger elf nearly whimpered at the command to lie on the bed but as he stared at the large bed that was draped in soft blue linens, he did not feel all that brave any longer. He looked around the bed with apprehensive silvery blue eyes then turned to gaze back into the cold blue eyes of his captor. His backside still stung horribly and he felt a lump of uncertainty formed in his throat. Haldir seemed unmoved by the pleading look in Elrond's eyes as he moved an arm to indicate that he was waiting for Elrond to do as he was told. It was a long silence before he spoke in his soft melodic voice. "Elrond. I suggest that you do as I command or it will be all the more painful but I do promise you will enjoy some of it. Now get on the bed before I lose my patience." His long golden hair seemed to dance as he slowly made his way towards the bed and pushed the dark-haired elf onto the bed. Elrond let out a soft squeak of surprise as he felt the push on his back before he found himself face to face with the soft blue fabric on the bed. He was about to turn and face the lord when his left wrist was grabbed only to feel something cold and metal click around it. He cried out and struggled against the cold metal cuff that know held his wrist immobile to follow the large thick chain to the bedpost. Elrond could not believe this! He was being chained to the bed but he could do little but protest as his right wrist was attached to the opposite side of the bed. The same was soon done to his ankles as his legs were spread obscenely wide exposing his entrance. Elrond flushed in shame as he heard the other elf's murmurs of approval before he heard the March Warden walk to the other side of the bed to look for something. The sounds of rummaging distracted the younger elf and he was beginning to panic not know what Haldir had planned for him. He knew that Erestor and Glorfindel had done this stuff before but that had only been when he had been up one night with Gil-Galad exploring the last homely house at night. His mind soon wandered back to that night ten years before when he watched in