It all started when I helped an old lady across the street when I was on my way home from my martial arts class it and the rest of the way back to her home carrying her shopping for her. She smiled gratefully at me as I placed the bags inside and said "Thank you child. That was kind of you." She took out a leather necklace with a tiny wolf sculpture on it from around her neck and said "I don't have much I can pay you with I hope you will accept this." I shook my head at her and said "Oh that's alright. There is no need for you to worry about that. I am happy to help. I used to do this for my grandmother all the time it's no big deal really." She smiled at me and said "I know I don't need to child, you did not ask for anything after all but please indulge an old woman. There are not many people who would go out of their way to help like you did. They are all too busy these days. No time for the elderly, they just place us in care homes and forget about us. I was lucky my granddaughter made sure I would be able to stay in my own home." Her face turned sad as she looked at a picture on one of the side tables of a beautiful girl with long dark hair beautiful heart shaped face and she looked like she might be half Native American. She was not very tall, her tiny size making her look pixie like next to the woman she was standing next to, a woman she now recognised as the old lady she was standing next to. "She died a year ago." My attention was called back to the present at the sound of her voice. She was caressing the necklace with her thumb lovingly and I realised the necklace was probably something that belonged to her granddaughter. I could not refuse to take it without hurting her feelings. It was not as if it was ugly, it was a beautiful piece. I supposed I could always sell it later. So I smiled and accepted it. Her face beamed when I agreed. She insisted on placing it around my neck so I let her. Eventually I left the house after helping her put her shopping away and went home. My mind drifted to my job which I had just left. I was moving away I needed a fresh start after my recent heart break. The place I lived had too many memories of the man who left me for another woman especially as I saw him around every where I went. I went to take a shower after dinner then went to bed. I did not notice I was still wearing the necklace. In fact I had forgotten it was there so when I woke up and found myself hovering above my body which looked cold and stiff I freaked out. A familiar voice spoke in my ear. "Your wish to start over is what drew you to me today. The wolf will help not just you but your counterpart. She needs you if she is to survive. I'm afraid you will be unable to talk about your life here after this. I have given you a gift that will help protect your secret. You will find out soon enough what it is. Thank you for your kindness. Enjoy it child. Not everyone gets a chance like this." Everything turned dark after that before memories played in my head. I watched the birth of a little girl, she was raised by her mother. They lived just the two of them for years. Her mother explained who her father was and that she left him before he knew she was pregnant with his child. Apparently she had a half brother. The girl grew older and was about fourteen when I felt a pull towards her. I felt horror and tried to scream but couldn't. It was eerie as I felt myself merge with the girl somehow. Her memories were mine and mine were hers. A mixture of the both of us. I learned something that had been left out of the memories. The girl was dying, she was not strong enough to survive the illness that plagued her. None of the doctors knew what was wrong with her so her mother had decided to take her home and look after her herself. As soon as the merge happened I felt her body get stronger as my older and stronger soul healed hers. The weakness plaguing her slowly dispersed. This all happened overnight so when her mother came into the room in the morning it was over. My eyes opened to the sound of my mother's voice. I could feel a balance between the two lives I had lived. The pain of my break up was not so bad now. I could look past living without him now. That made me sigh in relief. Perhaps there as a silver lining to this. I turned to see the woman who was my mother but not. She worked as a designer and was actually doing quite well. She was saving up to buy a house for both of us so we could move to a much nicer neighbourhood. She was pretty with shoulder length red hair green eyes and a petit body. My new self had long dark hair with hints of red. I realised I now looked exactly like the picture I saw in the old woman's house. She smiled and said "Oh good you are awake. You are going to have to make your own way to school today. I have a client who lives two hours away and if I'm going to make it on time I need to leave now. I have left money for lunch and dinner in case I'm not back in time." She kissed my forehead and said "I'll see you later sweetie." I got out of bed after she left and made my way to the shower. Once I was done showering I began to pack my stuff and get ready to go to school. I frowned at that. Despite a part of me not having finished school another part had and was reluctant to go. I gritted my teeth and left the apartment to school. Before I could go to any of my classes I was called into the office. I went in to find my teacher and a social worker in there waiting for me. I was not sure what was going on but I had an inkling. My world tilted in its axis when my fear was confirmed. My mum was gone. She crashed her car and now I was alone. The grown up part of me knew I would be okay, I had lived alone before but the child part of me the one who had grown with the woman felt grief grip her and terror at the thought of being alone. Suffice it to say things had changed. xxxxx It was several days later when the social worker assigned to me came to me to talk to me. I was in a foster home now with an elderly couple who took care of two other children who were slightly older than me. It was not so bad. I suppose it could have been worse. I heard Shirley one of the other kids there shout my name. "Lana! You have a visitor." I walked downstairs from the room Shirley and I shared and found Amber my social worker standing in the foyer. She smiled at me as she asked how I was coping and if I had any problems. Once she finished her questions and satisfied that I was fine she sat me down in the living room and showed me a file. She explained that she had found some of my father's family and she wanted to see if I would wish to go to them. They were willing to take me in. She explained they lived on a reservation just outside of a small town named Forks. I had wondered if I should go and look for my father the day my mother died but I was afraid of what I would find. So far it was easy to deny the similarities of the names. My father's last name was Uley and my half brother's name was Sam. They lived in La Push. My mother never hid that from me so Amber was telling me some of what I already knew. If I went there would I find it was just a coincidence ? If not I knew I would not be able to deny what was right in front of me. Right now denial was my friend. I needed to get through the death of my mother adjust to a new place before I faced any more surprises. I also knew I could not avoid it forever. I agreed. There was no turning back now. xxxx I sat by the beach watching the waves thinking about when I arrived on the Rez. Sam had not been there when I arrived but his fiancé Emily had been there. Any denial I had of where I now was disappeared at the introductions of the people there, the familiar names. I felt overwhelmed and actually fainted worrying everyone. Amber explained I was grieving and that I was overwhelmed by everything. She stayed to make sure I was alright and that I had a way to contact her if I should need anything. It had been nearly two weeks, I was beginning to get used to being at the Rez. It helped that it was now the school holidays and I did not have to deal with that on top of everything else. Everyone had been so welcoming, enough that I didn't feel like I was unwanted or trespassing. Sam actually made an effort to get to know me and made sure to spend time with me enough to make me comfortable around him. Emily was easy to get on with. She was just nice, which was a good thing seeing as I now lived with them. I heard footsteps behind me and turned around to see my new half brother approaching. He had a blanket in one hand and a look of concern on his face. "You should not be out here in this weather Lana. It's too cold." He arrived and placed the blanket over my shoulders and I smiled at him and said "Says the guy wearing shorts. I'm alright Sam, I just wanted some fresh air." He replied "Fair enough but at least make sure you are bundled up. Emily has finished making dinner you might want to come in now before the boys eat everything." I was still trying to get over his caring attitude. I had not actually expected that. I had expected him to be angry that his father had an illegitimate daughter. As for the boys I knew they would definitely eat everything in sight. I had witnessed it and had to pick my jaw off the ground when it fell there in shock. They practically inhaled their food. I couldn't even eat a small portion of what they ate. I replied as I turned around to go back to the house "Okay." Sam smiled as he picked me up and ran for the house. It was easy for him seeing as I was tiny enough to pass for a twelve year old and he was huge. He ignored my squealing of put me down Sam! Instead he laughed as he ran. I didn't really mind I actually enjoyed it. We arrived at the house to find Paul and Jared just arriving. I squealed at Sam "Sam run faster before they get in!" Both boys looked up