{Peeta's POV} The days go by slowly as we heal, day-by-day, month-by-month. We each still have our days, ones where even Haymitch can't get Katniss out of bed, drowning in her sorrow from her fighting days. Days where I can't even hear Katniss's voice before I have to grip a chair back to stop myself from hurting her. But we have our good days too. Days where nothing can bring us down, smiling brightly, thankful for all the living, and our own lives, The darkness receding back to their shadowy depths. It's on days like today, that I'm thankful for everything I have. Staring down at Katniss's sleeping form stretched out next to me, her rosy lips slightly parted as she exhales, her dark brown hair fanned out across her pillow, in smooth gentle waves, her fingers slightly twitching as she reaches for something in her dream, that I'm thankful for my love for Katniss Everdeen. I frown slightly as I sit up, making sure not to pull the covers off of Katniss as I disentangle myself from the sheets and my prosthetic leg, moving towards the bathroom to get ready. But does she still love me? I feel sometimes that she feels like she still owes me, that's what's keeping her here instead of running to Gale, all the way in District Two. I feel like I'm a nuisance, just the shell of the man I once was, if that. I'm not even whole, my plastic skin, my missing leg. I feel like she feels sorry for me, staying here just because I'm hopeless. She's free to move around after her prohibition was removed, but yet she still stays. And sometimes I resent her for that. The sun is barely up, just a gentle touch of yellow licking up the dark sky, the orange, pink, and red colors pushing the darkness away, bringing a new day and a new light to District Twelve, or what's left of it anyway, as I slowly and painfully strip my sweat slickened clothes off, some of my scars stretching and cracking, starting to bleed. I bite my lip as I watch the blood run down the drain of the shower stall after I stepped into the stream of warm water. I look back up through hooded eyelids at the morning light as I remind myself to paint that view later after my first batch of bread is done, or before Katniss is up, as I gently massage some shampoo into my blonde locks. I stifle a groan when my hair hits my eyes, making them burn painfully. When I have thoroughly washed what is left of my body, I step out of the shower, pressing the button to gently dry myself off. As the blow dryer warms up my body and my soul, I gaze at my reflection in the mirror, taking into account my too-long hair. I start from the top of my body, as Dr. Gray has told me to do, since he took over for my therapy after Dr. A died, and slowly take in what was left of Peeta the Victor. The hair that gently tickles my cheekbones, curling slightly from the cool air hitting it, the burns that dance across my forehead and neck, breathing down across my well toned chest. The burns that run across my ribcage on my right side down to my hips, where they stop, until I look at my legs. One that is shining bluntly in the morning light from the kneecap down, the other that is badly scarred, bumpy ridges across my foot and thigh all the way up to the lower part of my hip. Every day I look at myself this way, and every day I'm repulsed at the man I have become. My mother would have thrown me out, her lip curling in disgust, as she would have said, "No one will marry a man that looks like you. Even if they loved your personality, they would have left you after seeing how ugly you have become." My father would have just stared at me sadly, unable to do anything as my mother bore down on me, sadly clapping his hand on my shoulder, gently rubbing salve onto my scars that would be showing when she wasn't around. And then of course my brothers, who would just stare at me like 'who are you'? And indeed, who am I? I'm not the same young boy who was thrust into the Hunger Games with his only love, the only girl that his mother had disapproved of, swore of, threatened of. I'm not the same young man who was lied to, used from, and taunted of from the Victory Tour. I'm not the same boy who had proposed to his true love, but only for a fake marriage. I'm not the Peeta who had volunteered to go back into the Hunger Games for Haymitch, not Peeta who watched helplessly as Mags died, Wiress died, Chaff died, Watched helplessly as I was picked up and taken to Capitol, to begin my tortures. I make a strangled noise as I feel my breathing start to quicken. I clench my fists and step out of the warming air, forcing myself to think of something, anything , besides that. I turn my thoughts over to Katniss, who seems to be having a relatively nightmare less night, sleeping soundly in bed right now, as I dry my hair. I think of how her face lights up when she sees me, her face sullen and ashen as I walk up to her coming home from my rounds, biting her nails furiously until she sees me walking up to her. Haymitch says that I'm the reason she's not in a depression right now; I'm the one who brought her back from the brink of darkness. And then I snidely remark that she has Gale, and then he sighs, taking a drink from his flask and shaking his head. ' You still aren't as bright as she is, are you? Not seeing the effect you have on her, on me even.' He'll say over and over, but I always brush him off. I contemplate on what Haymitch said to me as I pull out the pre-made dough I had extra of yesterday, placing it neatly on a pan, setting the oven to its temperature needed and lean back against the counter, watching the sun, slowly but surely, rise. It reminds me of Katniss. She still isn't back to the girl I remember, but she still awakes every day, still faces the day with a new challenge, slowly making her way back to me. And I wait. That seems like what I always do now. Wait for the train that carries monthly supplies for us, wait for more people to return to Twelve, wait for a bakery to be put up, wait, Wait, wait. But it's what I'm good at. My father always said I had the most patience out of our entire family, being able to make those beautiful cakes that took hours to create. And I'll wait for Katniss to come back. I made a promise, and I intend to fulfill it. When the oven beeps, and I put in the batch of bread for today, I find myself curled up in an armchair facing the rising sun, painstakingly recreating the scene before, intent on not moving. But I only move when Katniss starts to scream. I throw my sketchbook to the side as I trip slightly over the uneven rug in the living room, up towards the stairs, where Katniss is still screaming. " Peeta!" I burst into the bedroom to find Katniss curled in a little ball, clenched hands over her ears and she screams again my name, sobbing loudly. I crawl up next to her on the bed, whispering sweet nothings in her ear as I pull her taught form against my chest, rocking her back and forth. Her breath comes out in shaky shudders, as she tries to form words. "Peeta… Prim …" Katniss sobs, clenching my shirt in her shaky hands. I silence her by hugging her closer to me. When she sobs die down and she goes limp in my arms again, I slowly place her back on the bed. She instinctively curls up next to me and I slowly run my fingers through her silken hair. It's not hard to imagine Katniss being my wife. I've dreamed of it often. Seeing her smile as she watches our children run through the meadow, a girl with hair just like hers, eyes like mine, and a boy, his blonde hair falling into his gray eyes like his mothers. But, she's not ready, I don't know if she'll ever be ready for children, much less marrying me. "It's because of Prim, Rue, Finnick, even President Snow, that I just can't Peeta." She'll say time after time whenever I bring up the subject of the cute children from the Seam that have come back with their families, catching onto the hidden message. I'll just shake my head and sigh, rubbing her shoulders when she'd break down sobbing at the deaths of beloveds. What she doesn't know, is that when she's crying softly at night, when she thinks I'm asleep, that I cry for the lost Katniss, the strong, fearless Katniss that broke down a nation we had all lived in, making it better, more like the old one, but she still is afraid even after ten months of nothing. When Katniss comes downstairs in the morning, blotchy eyed and breathing shakily, I stand up from the couch where I was staring at the risen sun, indicating that it was ten in the morning, and hold out my arms. She squeaks out my name in a sob and throws herself into my arms, sobbing lightly into my shoulder. "Not real." I breathe into her hair that smells like burning fire, lilies and primroses, evergreen trees and just the woods in general. "Not real." "But Peeta." Katniss sobs into my chest, balling her tiny hands into fists, pounding them lightly against my muscles out of pain. "It felt so real." "They always do." I run my hand slowly down her back and back up again, soothingly, gently. "Hey." I whisper into her ear after I had tucked my head into the crook of her shoulder. "How about some breakfast?" Katniss nods shakily and I place a light kiss against her jawbone, pulling away slightly before she stops me, linking her fingers into the loops of my belt loops. "Stay by me." Katniss whispers softly in me ear, fearfully, that she'll lose me if I move just the tiniest bit away. "Always." I kiss her forehead softly and place an arm around her shaking shoulders. She wraps her arms around my waist and I lead her shaking form into the kitchen. When I try to have her sit down, she doesn't move. "Katniss." I try to reason with her, gently trying to pry her hands off of my waist. "I need to get our stuff for breakfast." "But you promised-" "I know what I promised, but I'll only be gone a moment." Katniss bites her lip hard and adverts her gaze towards the woods, tears making her eyes gleam brightly. "Hey." I place two fingers underneath her chin, trying to make her look at me. "What's wrong?" She just shakes her head, not looking at me, but at the trees that sway gently in the August breeze, the greens five different shades, making a kind of penetrating shield against District Twelve, guarding its secrets. I sigh lightly; planting a kiss on her nose, knowing it's going to be one of those days. But this one really scares me. Something must have really shaken her up. She normally won't want to be near me, but now she can't let go of me. I maneuver around her limp arms, grabbing