"You're it Hunter!" Uriah shouts happily, slapping me lightly in the leg. "Hey!" I shout, a small smile lighting up my face. Uriah and Peeta run away from my outstretched hands and I chase after the two boys. Rose waves from her spot on the patio next to Dina who was talking her mother at the moment. Gale holds two-year-old Toby on his lap, watching me closely. After a while of chasing after the two boys, I call truce and jog over to the patio, gratefully grabbing a glass of lemonade from Johanna, plopping down next to Rose, shaking my hair out of my face. Dina watches me hungrily, tracking my every movement. Rose had told me Dina had a crush on me, which doesn't really make sense. I'm fourteen; she's sixteen, but whatever. This family is weird all right. "Did you catch them?" Rose asks softly, marking her spot in her book. I still don't understand how she loves to read, but hunts at the same time. I find all my joy in baking and painting, not hunting. I'll hunt; I'm good, but not as great as Rose. She's rubbed it in my face countless times. "Nah, they're too fast." I chug down the glass of cool lemonade; it's coldness giving me a brain freeze. "Ack! Brain freeze!" I yell, clutching my head dramatically. Rose rolls her eyes, smacking me lightly with her book on my shoulder. Johanna laughs, handing a glass to the two boys who just finished their wrestling match. "Do you need me to rub your temples for you?" Dina asks, almost too excitedly, jumping up. "And I'm all better!" I unclench my hands, giving her a nervous-but-heart-melting smile. She nods, a crestfallen look on her face, sitting back down. I tickle Peeta in the sides as he sits down on my lap, breathing hard. Rose brushes a stray lock of hair off of his flushed face as he chugs down the lemonade. "Whoa, easy buddy." I say lightly, gently tugging the glass out of his hands. "Not that fast." Peeta sticks his tongue out at me before slapping Uriah in the arm, shouting, "YOU'RE IT!" "HEY! NO FAIR!" Uriah yells, bolting after the blonde streak in the grass that was, unfortunately, my brother. "So Hunter." Johanna sits up, a grin lighting up her face. "Have special girl back at home that you're thinking about?" Normally I would have made a face and said no. Dad would tease me to no ends about me inheriting his 'good looks' and laugh when I'd complain about the girls chasing me around, Literally. Mom would just roll her eyes and tell me to gently tell Dad to leave me alone. That never worked. But I find myself feeling homesick; we had been here the entire summer, missing the honks of Haymitch's geese that we'd feed, the warm smells of Greasy Sae's wild dog stew that she'd make, The sounds Rose would make after she came back from the woods. And I've found myself calling for Dad after I'd make a cake or what I made for Dina for her birthday, a huge cupcake with a beautiful Primrose on top of it. I had opened my mouth to call for Dad, since I always did so he could see what I had made, but then it hit me like a ton of bricks. He really is gone for good. I never had really accepted it, I guess, until an unknown assassin killed Mom. I swear that I will avenge his and Mom's deaths, if it's the last thing I do. "Nope. I don't. I just have my sister and my brother." I smile slightly, then it falls. "I guess I miss Haymitch and Greasy Sae. They practically raised me when Mom fell into her depression. And then when she died." Johanna nods sadly, pain flashing across her face. She nods to continue and I do, grabbing Rose's hand hard and ignoring the pitiful look on Dina's face. "I really miss Mom and Dad the most though. I miss Mom's laughter and Dad's jokes the most. But Mom's death is still painful." "Which makes sense since it was just two months ago." Johanna grabs the empty glass from my hand and moves to go to the kitchen. Then she turns back, a troubled look on her face. "I just don't know how Paylor could have let someone plant the bomb in the bakery." I swear Gale stiffens slightly at the statement. But only I noticed. Dinner is tense for the first time tonight. Dina keeps giggling as she devours the meat Rose had caught in her traps from today. Finally I can tell Johanna has had enough. "Dina Joann Hawthorne, are you drunk? What did you drink? Gale! How could you let her-" "I'm drunk on Hunter." Dina says dreamily, leaning towards me until she's at least two inches away from my face. I gulp nervously. "Jo? Can I…um…please go up to my room?" "Yeah Hunter, why don't you and your siblings go up to your room. There's a letter waiting for you anyways. Dina, get away from him." Johanna grabs Dina by the hair and literally drags her back into her spot. I wipe my mouth on my napkin, nodding gratefully to Johanna, and follow Rose and Peeta up to our room where all of us sleep. Rose softly opens the door to the room and Peeta runs into the room, scouting for the letter. Our room is probably the size of Mom and Dad's room back home, it's walls trimmed with gold, a soft bronze color coloring the walls fully. In the middle is a king bed where the three of us sleep. A soft, rose-colored bedspread covers the soft bed, where a letter is lying gently on the pillows. "It's from Haymitch!" Peeta yells, ripping open the letter, throwing the envelope aside. I pick it up to see Haymitch's lopsided writing across the front. To: Mr. and Ms. Hunter Mellark of District Two. And Peeta. Return to Haymitch Abernathy of District Twelve, Victor's Village. I set the mangled envelope on the night table and sit down on the bed next to Peeta, who is sitting on the pillows. I gesture for Rose to sit down with us, and she hesitantly does. She sits down next to me, and I loop an arm around her shoulders, pulling her next to me so her head is resting on my chest, right above where my heart is. I see a dark patch underneath her hair, tickling her neck, and see the same shade of brown on her wrist. I frown, moving her sleeve up a little bit and she jerks, pulling it back down quickly. "Rose." I say lowly, so Peeta doesn't hear. "What happened?" "Nothing. It's nothing. Just leave me alone." Rose says quickly, hiding behind her curtain of hair. I sigh and pull her close again, so she's back where she was before. "Sorry." I whisper into her hair and she nods softly. "Listen to this guys!" Peeta shouts happily, his face lit up in a happy grin that I haven't seen since we came here. ' Dear Rose, Hunter, and Peeta. How has life been in District Two? Greasy Sae and I have been missing you like crazy! I've actually tried getting off of booze, but I've had bad consequences. Oh well, I guess since I've been on it for so long, my body can't handle being off of it. Did you know that your parents actually tried to help get off of it? Yeah. Your mom threw a knife at me and your father washed me off after I threw up all over myself. Someone's calling. I have to go. Be careful of your surroundings. Trust only your siblings. Love you all so very much, Haymitch Abernathy' I frown slightly, as does Rose and we sit up slowly. Haymitch never sends us messages like that. "Is there something wrong?" Peeta asks, a confused expression on his little face. Rose shakes her head and plasters a smile on her face. "Nothing baby brother. Why don't you go get ready for bed? You look kinda tired." As if on cue, Peeta yawns loudly. I chuckle and shove him off the bed gently. He stumbles into the bathroom, shutting the door lightly. When the shower starts, I turn to look at Rose, arching an eyebrow. "So. The letter." Rose nods absentmindly, still staring at the bathroom door. "Something's up. I don't want to think about it strongly just yet. I just want this to end." "Rose, what about the-" "Hunter." Rose says, tears in her eyes as she looks back at me. "It's nothing. Really. And even if it was…" She bites her lip and looks away, whispering, "I wouldn't be able to tell you about it anyways." Peeta walks out of the bathroom, his hair glistening. Rose wipes her eyes and smiles lightly, sniffling softly. "Hunter, why don't you take a shower, and I'll help Peeta get ready for bed?" Rose asks lightly, but I know she just wants to get rid of me. I nod, a smile lighting my face. "Sure thing sis." I gasp as the cold water pounds against my back, sopping my hair down into my eyes. I turn around so the water, now starting to warm, hits my chest and face. I flip my hair out of my eyes and run my hands down my face, bending down to grab the shampoo. I jerk as the water suddenly turns boiling hot, and quickly jump out of the shower. I hesitantly poke my hand back into the shower stall to turn the water down and wait a couple of seconds before slowly getting back into water stream. As I pour shampoo in my hand, I think hard. Haymitch was clearly trying to send a subtle message to us, As if all of his letters were being read after he sent them… I frown, rubbing my hands deep into my blonde locks, massaging the shampoo into my hair. Pounding. "Hunter! Are you almost done?" Rose calls. "Yeah sis!" I shout, before coughing, spiting out water. I groan as shampoo streams into my eyes, making me momentarily blind. I lay my head against the cool tile of the shower wall and listen softly. Dina's shower is right next to ours. "Ohhh…Huuunnnnntttteeerrr." I hear Dina softly moan. I make a face and shake out my hair in the water stream, clearing out any suds before opening up the door and grab a towel. I turn off the water and walk up to the mirror, twisting the towel across my waist and grab another one for my hair. I watch myself in the mirror as I dry off my hair. Be careful of your surroundings. We always are. Why does he say that again? Trust only your siblings. I have my whole heart in my brother and sister's hands. Who would I not trust? Gale… My eyes widen. He loved our mother. Of course he'd hate it if he had two boys in his house who look so much like the man he hated. "Hunter! Are you okay?" Rose shouts. I look over at the clock on the vanity to find I've been staring at myself for ten minutes. "Yeah Rose, I'm fine!" I open the door to find myself face to face with a pair of azure eyes, freckled face, set jaw, and worn out sister. "I keep it warm just for you." I say softly, smiling lightly, moving so she can get in. "Thanks Hunter. You're great." Rose gently plants a kiss on my cheek before taking my spot and shuts the door quietly. I sigh, running a hand down my face as I walk into the bedroom to see Peeta passed out in the middle of the bed. I chuckle lightly, moving to my little brother. His lips were slightly parted as he snored softly through