{P} He says that he's so in love, So in love, that he hasn't seen how he's gotten by without her. He sits at her kitchen counter, tracing intricate patterns and little ones all at the same time, not meeting her eyes. She pauses, tensing slightly, so slightly that he does not notice it, and resumes washing the grimy dishes. He doesn't really mean what he says, but now he's not sure. He's wanted so much to have Katniss Everdeen love him. He doesn't love the girl he claims to love, He just wants Katniss to feel. To feel something he started feeling so long ago. Love. {K} She watches Peeta and his new wife, Valentine, from the tables in the back, raising her glass in cheer for the newly wed. She feels dead. She thought Peeta was just joking when he said he loved his wife more than he had loved her. She thought it was just a dream when he gave her the invite to his wedding. But all that shattered when she met his fiancée. He said she was the most kind, considerate girl he's ever met. She was none of those things. "Listen, and listen close, you star crossed lover," Valentine had hissed, cornering Katniss in the porch of her own house. Valentine's blonde hair had caught in Katniss' throat, choking her from the inside out. "You will not lay a hand on my husband. Do you hear me?" Valentine hissed, slapping the girl in front of her, forcing her to the ground. "I don't care that you won two Hunger Games, and became the Mockingjay. Peeta is mine now. Understood?" The broken girl in front of her, with blood trickling down her chin, nodded with wide eyes, a hollow feeling settling in her stomach. That was the day the broken shell of the woman Peeta knew, turned to Morphling. It's the greatest feeling; it's as if all of your worries slip away with the sweat on your brow. It hasn't taken its toll on her just yet, no yellowing skin, and no sunken eyes. Her skin doesn't hang off of her bones like a loose set of clothing. Only Haymitch knows. And he's angry at her that's she's become like that. But what is she to do? The only person who had her heart in the palm of his hand is getting married, or is married, to someone else. There's nothing left to live for. So she's slowly killing herself. Peeta doesn't need to know that details. Haymitch slouches into a seat next to hers, sloppily dressed, a beer bottle in his hand. From sprits to wine to beer, Haymitch never knows when to stop. He belches in his mouth, watching the lost girl before him. He follows her line of vision, seeing the sadness and pain cross her face as she watches Peeta kiss the girl next to him, watching him press a kiss to her neck. And Katniss' heart dies in her throat. She digs in her purse for the vial, not able to handle the emotions threatening to swallow her whole. Haymitch watches her frantically try to find the pills, and takes a sad swing of beer, covering a burp. "You have to stop the façade sometime, Sweetheart." Haymitch whispers, grasping her wrist loosely. She shakes him off, having grabbing the vial, and twists off the cap, swallowing the pills whole. She doesn't care that she had overdosed; she just needs to stop feeling. "You know, the whole reason he's marrying her, is that she's pregnant." Haymitch's words stop her, and she looks up at his words, the bottle of pills forgotten in her limp hand. But she clears her throat, and slams the cover closed anyways. She shrugs as she gently places the empty canister back in her purse. Damn it, that's my last vial. She curses herself, then Peeta, for making her feel this way. Now she'll have to wait for a week for a new shipment. That means burying herself in a closet full of dead blood, still staining her hands. As if she doesn't do that every day anyways. The dulling sensation of the Morphling takes its toll, making everything Haymitch could possibly throw at her now, nothing. So Katniss leans back in her chair, striving for a nonchalant look as she asks, "Who cares? She probably hooked up with some drunken man one night. I mean, I can see-" "No sweetheart." Haymitch interrupts, leaning forwards in his chair. He clasps his hands over the shaking girl's petite hands in front of him as he whispers, "It's Peeta's." Katniss pales, her head going light, and she rips her hands from the drunken man in front of her. She shakes her head wildly, not able to wrap her head around what he just-no-Peeta- her Peeta would never- Would he? "No." She whispers, slowly rising out of her seat. Haymitch reaches for her hand, but she jerks away before he can grab her, pull her down, and tell her everything will be alright. Because it's not anymore. She's been living a lie this whole time. And now, she's going to get payback. "NO!" She screams. Everyone pauses, looking over sadly at the lost girl in front of them. Valentine sneers at her, pulling Peeta closer to her. Katniss looks around wildly, finally meeting Peeta's sad blue eyes with her own. "No." She whispers again, and a second later, people are shrieking as she pushes them out of her way, running towards the exit, a bile flavor rising in her throat. "KATNISS!" A man shouts from behind her, but she doesn't turn around, she's almost there, almost free. But she doesn't make it. A hand clamps around her wrist, twirling her around and shoving her backwards, until she's in the darkness with the stranger, weeping willow leaves hitting the top of her head. The man in front of her leans forwards, both hands reaching to his left leg, as if in pain. A gleam of metal appears in the moonlight from under his pant leg, and she knows it would always hurt him, chasing after her at such a fast speed. Peeta straightens up after a few moments, and she instinctively backs away from him, shrinking even further into the shadows. She'll never trust someone so whole-heartily again. "Katniss," Peeta pants after a moment. He studies her with an unrecognizable look in his eyes, before he explodes. "What the HELL was that? I had to fight my ass off to let Valentine just let you through the doors, because I wanted you to be there, because we are…" She backs away from him until her jutting spine hits the rough bark of the tree. Peeta growls in frustration, pacing back and forth, his pristine suit getting more wrinkled by the second. She resists the urge lean forwards and smooth all the wrinkles, one wrinkle for every lie they've ever told one another. Peeta grabs a hold of his blonde locks, with the grip as if he intends to rip every piece out. Her eyes go wide and she leans forwards, as if to stop him. "Peeta-" He jerks away from her outstretched hand, as if it was on fire. "Katniss, I just-" he sighs, shaking his head as if in defeat. "Just have a good night, and thanks for coming." His monotone voice haunts her as he slowly walks away from her. Her lips move in a silent plea, a silent question. Do you love me? Because I love you… {P} He doesn't want to do this. He doesn't want to go into the room where all of his nightmares take place. Valentine looks at him through hooded eyelids as she drags him to the room at the end of the hall, her white dress tangling underneath his legs. This went too far, I never meant for this lie to drag me down. Valentine slams him up against the door, dragging her hands down his broad chest, slowly unbuttoning his pants. He jerks away from her, breathing hard, and she stares up at him, questioning him silently. He just shakes his head, walking over to the bed, and silently starts to strip down to his underwear. Peeta sighs, and sinks down into the bed, facing away from his demon wife. Valentine's hair tickles his face as she leans over his shoulder, her dress pressing against his bare back. "I see right through your little façade, Peeta." She hisses, but he pretends not to hear her. "I know you don't love me, and guess what, I don't love you either." His eyes fly open at that. "But thanks to a crazy night together, we have a wedlock kid to raise. So don't blame me when your little Mockingjay decays before your very eyes. Because, just remember… It was all Your Fault." {K} She watches them from her bedroom window, her frail hand pulling the curtain away to reveal a sight that would make her heart stop dead in her throat. Peeta, Valentine, and their two-year-old daughter, Rose, walk along the forests edge, collecting flowers. Or more importantly, primroses, to be exact. She curses them silently as she races into the bathroom, grabbing a comb, but she stops dead in her tracks, staring at the alien in front of her in the mirror. She doesn't recognize herself, she's changed so much. Her hair, which had grown back to its normal length, had turned dark brown and brittle. Her skin has taken on a yellowish tint and all her muscle from the years has turned to flabby skin, hanging loosely from her frail bones. She's gotten much thinner now too. To the point where she could be Greasy Sae's sister, she looks that old. Katniss just shrugs past it, brushing her hair quickly and straightens her clothes as she bolts down her stairs, listening closely for the chipper two year olds voice. She's not disappointed. "Mama! Look at those!" Rose shrieks and Katniss jumps, slamming her hip against her granite kitchen top, her eyes wide as her mind screams, NO! Her kitchen door slams open just as the child takes her first fistful of the flowers, And pulls them too their doom. {P} He knows they shouldn't be doing this, but Rose is just so happy today. So he walks at a leisurely pace besides his wife, watching blankly at his young daughter as she prances about, collecting wildflowers. He thought she got the primroses from the forest's edge, but when he sees Katniss bolt out of her house, a dead look in her eyes, he knows they were the ones he so painstakingly planted not just two years ago. "NO! PRIM! GIVE HER BACK!" Katniss screams, lunging for his daughter. He bolts in front of the dying girl in front of him, Haymitch had told a couple of days ago of what Katniss was addicted to, and holds her back as his daughter runs to her mother, her little eyes wide as she takes in her crazed neighbor. Katniss screams profanities at him, at her, at his wife, even at Snow, but for all it was worth, she just tired herself out. Valentine had taken their daughter back home a long time ago, hissing something about calling the authorities. He just ignored her, focus on the young girl in his arms. "Katniss." Peeta whispered into her brittle hair sometime later. She just sobbed silently into his chest, her legs giving out, and they fall to the ground slowly, Katniss's sobs turning to a full out crying session. He just tenderly stroked her hair, saying nothing. His daughter came out, sometime later, carrying the primroses back gingerly to the crying woman. Katniss looked up from his arms and smiled sadly, his daughter's name coming from her breath like a whisper. She untangled herself from his limbs and slowly made her way over to the tiny child. They knelt before each other, and Katniss brushed