I wipe the tears from my eyes as I grab my bow and arrows form their hidden place, deep in the woods, for the last time. I walk deep into the woods, up to the lake. Blossoming Primrose and Rue flowers now cover the spot where Peeta was buried. I sigh deep, shuttering breaths as I run my fingers through the soft petals. "Hey Peeta." I whisper, lying down next to his grave. I close my eyes and image that I'm back home, just waking up from this goddamn nightmare and Peeta will be there to comfort me, his strong arms pulling me close. But he's dead, dead, dead… And this isn't a dream, no matter how hard I try to deny it, Peeta's gone… Leaving me with three kids; a hormonal teenage sixteen-year-old girl, a thirteen-year-old boy, and an eight year old, deaden boy. I start to lightly sing the Valley song, my eyes still closed. Tears stream out from my eyelashes as the Mockingjays take up my song, My voice and theirs, In perfect harmony. Little did I know that this would be the last time I sang in, well, forever. Down in the valley, the valley so low, Hang your head over, hear the wind blow, Hear the wind blow, dear, hear the wind blow; Hang your head over, hear the wind blow. I sniffle softly, high up in a birch tree, watching for game for the last time. Because after this, I'm done, I'm hanging up my bow and arrows for good. I've fought this for too long, the depression, for eight long years, and I'm done. Greasy Sae and Haymitch take care of the kids on my bad days, and the kids rarely ever talk to me anymore, probably because I'm falling into what my Mom fell into, so many years ago. I wish I were like Annie more than I was like my Mother. At least Annie talked to her son, even smiled, but I haven't smiled for years. Peeta haunts me like a ghost, and I swear I hear him talking to me. Roses love sunshine, violets love dew, Angels in heaven know I love you, Know I love you, dear, know I love you, Angels in heaven know I love you. I start to sob as I jump down from the tree. I had shot a squirrel, which reminded me of Peeta, and start to skin the squirrel. Once I'm done with that, I check the snares I had set up and sniffle hard, A rabbit… We're going to have a feast tonight, and never have one like it ever again. If you don't love me, love whom you please, Throw your arms 'round me, give my heart ease, Give my heart ease, dear, give my heart ease, Throw your arms 'round me, give my heart ease. I silently trod past, on hunter's feet, where Gale and I used to meet every Reaping Day, and silently bid the lovely place goodbye, for I know that I'll never see it again, and press my middle three fingers to my lips, Goodbye… Build me a castle, forty feet high; So I can see her as she rides by, As she rides by, dear, as she rides by, So I can see her as she rides by. I rinse my hands in the cool spring that feeds the lake, my body trembling slightly. I splash the cool water against my face and sigh. Visions of Rue's, Prim's, and Peeta's deaths come fresh in my mind, and I clench my fists, shoving my fists into my closed eyes, gritting my teeth. "No…" I pick up a bundle of wild flowers, tie them together with a lock of my hair I cut with my skinning knife, and place them on the makeshift headstone I made a couple of years back. I'm sorry Peeta. I didn't keep my promise to not turn into my Mother after you died, but I can't take it anymore. I'm letting the depression swallow me whole. Write me a letter, 'Send it by mail, Send it in care of the Birmingham Jail, Birmingham Jail, love, Birmingham Jail, Send it in care of the Birmingham Jail. I sigh, dropping Mom's game bag at the front door, kicking off Grandfather's hunting boots. "Mom! I'm home!" I yell into the ghost house. But I know she'll never answer, she never does. After that hunting day in the summer, a couple of months ago, she had come home, face ashen, hands trembling, and walked up to her bedroom, locking herself in there, and not coming out for days. I had been patiently teaching Peeta how to bake a cake for Mom's birthday, with Greasy Sae listening intently to Hunter's talk about his painting that got first place in the art fair, when Mom had finally come down from her bedroom, her eyes glassy and red-rimmed, her chocolate brown hair mussed and tangled into a rat's nest. "Hey Mom." I had said happily, dusting off my hands from the batter of flour we had just put into the mixing bowl. Greasy Sae had looked up from Hunter's painting and stared at my Mom cautiously. "Hello Katniss." Greasy Sae had said carefully, getting up slowly. Mom looked between the four of us with a blank look on her face. I just thought she was having a depressing day, like she would have. Little did I know, it would be the last day I ever saw any other emotion cross her face, besides sadness. Peeta poured a cup of sugar and dropped it into the bowl to quickly, creating a plume of flour, coating the table, myself, and his body with flour. "Peeta Mellark, clean this up this instant!" I shout. Great, he just ruined the cake. Mom's eyes turn dark, and she sobs, bolting out the house. "Katniss!" Greasy Sae shouts, handing the painting back to Hunter hastily, and bolts out after my Mom. I sigh, running a hand through my wavy, dark hair, and turn to look at my siblings. "Hunter, pick up your paintings and clean Mom's room up." I had said wearily, grabbing a damp cloth, and started to rub the flour off of Peeta's face. Hunter nods and bolts up the stairs, his footsteps pounding hard, echoing throughout the house. I turn back to Peeta, who is washing off his face by himself now, his bright blue/gray eyes wide. "What's wrong with Mom?" Peeta asks, picking up the used measuring cups and placing them in the sink. I sigh again, picking up Peeta under the shoulders and place him on the countertop. I lean next to him, pulling up a chair. "You know, that Dad's name is the same as yours, right?" I whisper, wiping off a blemish on his cheek. Peeta nods, his eyes downcast. "Hey, what's wrong?" I asked gently, trying to catch his eye. "So it's all my fault?" Peeta whispers, tears running down his chubby cheeks. "NO! No!" I'm quick to cover up, hugging him close to me. "No Peeta, it's not your fault, it's just…" I sigh deeply, trying to think of the right words. "You know Mom had a lot happen to her over the years, and Dad's death was the final blow. Why, personally, she named you after Dad, is beyond my belief." Peeta sniffles, and I touch the tip of his nose lightly, making him sneeze. "Now why don't you clean up the dishes and I'll make dinner." Peeta nods, and we do just that. Later that night, Mom finally comes back, the smell of alcohol lingering on her breath and her body. Her eyes skirt over Peeta and Hunter, who are playing a game of chess before the crackling fire, and rest on my curled up body. I had been curled in the armchair my father had always sat in, reading a book about Panem, and the Hunger Games, when Mom came up to me, slapped the book out of my hands, and grabbed me by the collar of my t-shirt I had on. "Primrose Rue Mellark, what have you done?" Mom asked me in a deadly voice, her breath making me gag. She must have been over at Grandpa Haymitch's, drinking her sorrows out. "Hunter, Peeta, go to your rooms please." I had say quietly, not looking at my brothers. Mom's eyes go dark and she throws me to the ground, turning to look at my brothers, who had been quietly sneaking up the stairs. "Get back here, now!" Mom shrieked, charging after the two boys. I jumped up, and bolted after her. The boys had yelled and charged up the stairs, no doubt locking themselves in Hunter's room. I had dragged Mom into her bedroom, locking the door behind me, ignoring how hard Hunter probably had worked to fix up her bedroom, and drag Mom to her bed. "Mom." I had said, sitting down next to her shaking body, holding her hands, and trying to make her look at me. But every time I would try to make eye contact with her, she would advert her eyes and tremble harder. Finally, my patience had worn thin, and I had screamed at her, "MOM! WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?" I choke over my tears, and Mom finally meets my eyes, hers pained. "You always are just sitting there! You never listen to Hunter or Peeta or I. You didn't even react to Peeta's first steps! He wants a Mom, because he has to deal with every time I say his name, you freak out, and he never knew our Dad! Snap out of it!" I break down from sobbing too hard and curl up into a little ball on her lap. She tenses, not comforting me. That makes me sob even harder. "What's wrong with you?" I sit up suddenly, wiping off my tears, my sadness fading and my anger coming back. "I want my Mom back! The one that would hug me for no reason and tell Hunter and me that you love us constantly. I get that Dad's death was hard on you, but goddamn it! It's been hard on all of us! Not just you! And it's been eight years! Peeta has never had the type of Mom that Hunter and I had. So come back." I'm pleading now. "Just please come back." Mom has tears streaming down her face, but stares at me blankly, not saying or doing anything. "That's it, I'm out of here." I say in a shaky voice. I get up off the bed, storm through the door, slamming it shut behind me, and stalk over to Hunter's room. That was three weeks ago, but nothing has changed, so I've given up. I've given up on my promise I made to my Dad when I was five. "You know Mommy has had a hard time right?" Dad had asked me after he had finished putting in the oven a fresh batch of cheesy buns. I looked up at him, he was so tall, and he had chuckled, grabbing me under my armpits and setting me down on the countertop. I had laughed so much back then, now I barely laugh now. "So we have to promise that we'll help her no matter what happens, alright?" I had nodded, playing with some excess dough. Dad had helped me make some sugar cookies after that. "Our promise cookies." He had said. I grimace as I see the basket of sugar cookies Hunter had baked a little bit ago sitting on the counter as I place the skinned squirrel in the refrigerator. "Hey Rose." Hunter says, pooping up from behind the counter, flour all over his face. I grin slightly, not a full smile. I'll never smile fully ever again. "Hey Hunter." I shut the refrigerator door shut and lean against the kitchen wall, watching my thirteen-year-old brother work on some cheesy buns for Mom. "Have you seen Mom?" I ask Hunter,