A/N: The usual, I don't own, profit, or hate the Hunger Games. Please review! {Lottie} "So, that's that." I smile brightly, staring at the golden man standing in front of me. He smiles back at me, ruffling my hair. I moan, my eyes narrowing at him as I start to bound down the cool, oak stairs, my footsteps pounding. "Lottie!" Finn's melodic voice comes form the top of the stairs. I glance back behind my shoulder to see him chasing me down the stairs, gaining on me, fast. I shriek, bolting down the stairs into the toasty living room, the fire crackling in the hearth. My mother watches me with laughter in her stormy gray eyes, my father watching also, his crystal blue eyes twinkling with laughter as he sets a tea cup down for Annie, Finn's mother. I stop at the bottom of the stairs to catch my breath, and to smile at the adults, but Finn slams into me from behind, tackling me into the couch. "Finnick Odair, get off of Lottie this instant!" Annie shrieks, jumping up. He laughs, letting go of my arms. I spit feathers out of my mouth and sit up, shaking my hair out of my face. "Finn and I are going to go to the bakery early, so I can show him what we do there, is that okay?" I brush a stray curl out of my face to stare at my father, silently asking for permission. He looks between the two of us, and then nods. "But if my daughter comes back with as much as a bruise or scratch I will-" Dad says, standing up. "DAD!" I moan, flinging a pillow in his direction. He deflects it, a devious grin on his face. "We'll be fine." I hiss, grabbing Finn's hand to pull myself up. He watches me closely, a grin lighting up his face as I drag him towards the front door. I fling the door open, then pause, pursing my lips as I turn back on my heel to look at the adults in the living room. I open my mouth, and then shut it, shaking my head. "Bye." I dramatically wave my hand, dragging Finn out the front door. Once we're outside, Finn yanks his hand from mine, laughing loudly. "What was that?" He laughs harder at my expression and I cross my tanned arms across my chest, both for warmth and anger from him laughing at me. "My dad is WAY overprotective of me and my brother." I sigh, shaking my head, my brown curls slowly unraveling from my sloppy braid. "By the way, where is your brother?" Finn squints at the bakery, which just came into view, the white building glinting softly in the sun. I purse my lips, glancing briefly at the outline of the woods before looking back at Finn's glowing green eyes. "He's outside, there." I meekly gesture to the woods. Finn raises his golden eyebrows and I sigh, explaining. "He's now developed a love of hunting, so I wouldn't be surprised if he's been out there all night." I bound up the stairs to the bakery, fishing the keys out of my worn jeans pocket, flipping the sign from 'Closed' to 'Open' as I walk into the bakery, the familiar smells of dill and dough filling my nostrils. I sigh, flinging my keys on the register table as I walk towards the back room, snagging an apron off of the hook as I open the back door. I stick my head through the tied ropes as I turn over to look at Finn, who's watching me with wide eyes. I smile, tying the ropes around my waist as I turn on the ovens, shoving a pan full of yesterday's dough into the oven. The bell rings, signaling a costumer and I frown. "What's wrong?" Finn looks at me quizzically and I shake my head. "We normally don't have costumers this early, but whatever." I walk past Finn, then stop right before the door, turning back to look at him. "DON'T. TOUCH. ANYTHING." I ground out, staring at him in the eye. He swallows hard, nodding and I smile sweetly, walking towards the front counter. I smile bigger when I see the costumer, my smile faltering slightly as I see what the person is wearing. A cloak covers the entire person, hiding everything from my view. I stride up to counter, leaning slightly towards the costumer. "Welcome to Mellark's Bakery, what can I get you?" I smile, able to see that the person is a female, around thirty years old, and her light-almost white blonde hair curls in gentle curls around her face, her eyes a light almost transparent blue that watch my every move closely. "Are you the Mockingjay's daughter?" Her voice reminds me of ice bells, sweet but sharp at the same time. I blink, my head swimming in confusion. I laugh uncertainly, nodding slightly. "I don't usually call her that but yeah, I'm her daughter. Why?" I stare into her eyes a smile plastered on my face as she reaches into her cloak, grabbing something. My smile falls as she aims what she grabbed, aimed right at my heart. A gun. {Katniss} Lottie drags Finn outside and a second later, Peeta, Annie and I burst out laughing. "Good job Peeta!" I rub his arm and he grins at me affectionately. Annie giggles, looking at the closed front door, shaking her head. "She's growing up so nicely." She says absentmindedly, rubbing her arm. I look at Peeta and he nods, clearing his throat. "So Annie, how's Finn been doing?" Peeta leans forward, his shirt and pants tightening in all the right places. I stare at him as he talks with Annie. I've hardly noticed Peeta was asking me a question until he shakes my shoulders lightly. I shake my head, smiling lightly. His eyes watch me closely, the blue clouded with concern for me. I open my mouth to say something, but a gunshot rings throughout all of District 12. A sharp pain shoots through my collarbone and I gasp, falling to the ground, clutching my collar. "Katniss? Are you okay?" Peeta holds me, making me look at him. "Lottie." I whisper, Peeta's eyes clouding with understanding. "Or Nick." "We have to help them, now!" {Finn} I chuckle as I look around the bakery, grabbing an apron. I look out the window, staring contently at the woods. I hear Lottie chuckle lightly and I turn, frowning as I silently walk up to the back door, pressing my ear against the cool wood, listening intently. "I don't usually call her that, but yeah, I'm her daughter." Lottie's muffled answer comes through the door. A second later, there's a gunshot, and the front door flings open. I bolt through the back door, my heart pounding. I see a flash of black as the person runs through the front door. I move to chase her, and then slip from something on the ground. I groan as my shoulder hits the ground hard, and I hear a moan. I look up startled to meet Lottie's pained eyes watching me from beneath hooded eyelids. I had slipped from her blood. I gasp, getting up on my knees and crawl over towards Lottie's convulsing form. I pull her over to me by her shoulders and my left hand goes slick from her blood. The person had shot her right above her collarbone and her eyes have rolled back in her head. "No no no." I gasp; hauling Lottie's limp form into my arms and stagger to my feet. The door flings open and Mr. Mellark's bright eyes scan the room, my Mother right behind him. "Lottie!" Mr. Mellark howls, racing over to my shaking form. He hauls her out of my arms and places light kisses on her forehead, moaning and cursing. Mom races over to me and she fidgets over me, but I push her away. "Lottie's the big worry. We need to get her to the hospital." I stumble and Mom catches me. {Peeta} I haul Katniss to her feet and we race to the door. I see a cloaked figure race from the bakery and Katniss growls, reaching behind her to grab bow and arrows. Fury and murder are in her gray eyes as she starts to bolt towards the disappearing figure. "Katniss!" I howl. She turns back and races back to me, flinging her body at me, and I hug her tightly. "Be careful." I whisper in her hair. She pulls back and I slam my lips against hers. I pull her closer to me, deepening the kiss. I pull back, breathless and she brushes a stray curl away from my face. "Always." She turns away and bolts after the figure. I turn to look at Annie and we nod, bolting towards the bakery. Once we're there, I bolt through the front door, Annie right at my heels. I see blood everywhere and Lottie's unconscious form in Finn's hands. "Lottie!" I howl, racing over to her limp form and take her from Finn's shaking arms. Finn says something and Annie walks over to me, gently pushing me out of the bakery and towards the hospital. Once we're in the hospital, a nurse comes and takes Lottie away from me. Dr. Grey bolts past us, then turns around, walking back to us. "Do you want to come watch us with the surgery?" He asks us. "We need to go." Finn rasps, starting to drag Annie's shaking form away. I turn back, nodding. "Come this way." Dr. Grey directs me towards a surgery room, and I have a feeling that this isn't going to go as planned. At all. {Katniss} I storm into the hospital with Nick right at my heels, both of us spewing fire. My temper calms when I see Peeta's exhausted form slumped in a chair, his head in his hands. Nick and I walk over to him and gently run my hand over his arm. "Any word?" I tilt Peeta's chin up to look at him in the eye. His eyes are teary as he shakes his head. "No, but I saw the whole surgery." He whispers, burying his face in his hands again Dr. Grey comes out and I tap Peeta's shoulder. "Well, I have good news and I have bad news." Dr. Grey sighs, stripping off his gloves. He's been through so much with our family, and to my surprise and anger, tears well up in my eyes. "I don't know for sure if she'll survive, it's too early on in the process to tell for sure." "Why can't you tell?" My voice is deathly calm, my eyes burning as Dr. Grey puts up his hands. "What I mean is, she's lost a lot of blood and I can't tell right now how her body's taking the new blood." He sighs, falling back in his chair. All my brain can hear is that my baby girl is going to die. And there's nothing I can do to stop it. It's the worst game a parent can play, And I've fallen into the trap. {Nick} Lottie has finally been able to come home, but she's not the same. She has this empty look in her beautiful blue eyes, and her skin hangs off her bones like baggy clothing, and she's developed this nervous tremor in her hands. She and I are sitting on the porch, I sketching, she watching the woods with a lost look in her eyes, her hands playing a wild dance across her lap absent-mindly, humming a nervous tune, when Thom runs up to the porch, his Seam eyes dancing and wild as he huffs, trying to form words. Lottie stiffens, turning inside herself, and I lean forward, grabbing her hand to get closer. Mom and Dad walk out, Dad wiping off his hands on a dishtowel, a frown creasing both of their foreheads. "Thom?" Mom