I wasn't thrilled when my father had begun dating Sue Clearwater from the Quileute Tribe, even less happy about it when they got engaged. Now here I was standing in my newly decorated bedroom, my father's way of making up for forcing me away from my old home, that and a new wardrobe. Someone knocked on the door, I glanced up, seeing Seth standing there a little awkwardly. "Um, dinners ready." "Oh. Great," I said slightly sarcastically. He hesitated, and then entered the room. Here we go, I thought amused. "Look, I know your not totally happy about your dad getting re-married and probably even less happy about moving, but La Push isn't that bad." I was amount to make a smart remark when something caught my attention, "why aren't you wearing a shirt?" He got a confused look, and even felt the need to look down. "Um, it's hot?" "I'm sure," I said shaking my head, "whatever, what's for dinner?" "Fish, I think, Billy and Jake are here," I had no idea who that was. "Family friends," he said at my frown and I nodded. "Why you dressed like that?" Leah asked, a sort of disbelieving look on her face when we walked into the dining room. I was wearing my usual running gear. Very short spandex shorts and a black training bra along with my headphones and ipod attached to the top of my shoulder. The clothes clung to my body so well it looked like it was part of my skin and the material was thin too, making it easy to breathe. Not that it was ever an issue, just a precaution. "Your running without me?!" my brother, Caleb said in disbelief. "I was going to ask you if you wanted to come, you know, canvass the area," I said shrugging. "Awesome! New fucking territory," he said grinning widely and standing from the dinner table. "You run?" Sue asked, surprised. "They're free runners, it was this big gang thing, one of the reasons we moved here," my dad said giving us a pointed stare. I tried not to glare. "Gang thing my ass," Caleb said moving past me and up the stairs. Seth went to sit next to his sister at the table. "You wont be going into the woods, will you?" Leah asked next, both her and Seth sharing a worried look. "Why?" I asked tying my hair up. "It's really dangerous out there, you shouldn't-," I cut off Sue abruptly. "The whole worlds dangerous, and quite frankly I've taken on more then you could imagine. So I'm not too concerned about some blood thirsty version of winnie the pooh running around," it came out kind of harsh but I didn't care. The rest of the table did though. "We talked about this Kira, drop the attitude or you wont be going anywhere," my father said giving me a hard look. Leah and Seth were glaring at me darkly. I just made a dismissive gesture and popped a cucumber in my mouth before drinking a glass of water. "Still, there's a pack of wild animals killing campers, you shouldn't go into the woods," Leah said in a clipped stern tone. "I'm not red riding hood, I can handle myself," I said as my brother reappeared at my side, dressed in nothing but shorts and running shoes. "You shouldn't go out there," Seth said standing, rocking the table because of how quickly he'd stood. "At least let me show you the safest routes." Caleb gave me a confused look and I shrugged. I didn't know what there problem was. "I said canvass the area. We go where we please." "What are you standing around arguing for, let's go," Caleb said, grabbing my arm and tugging me out of the front door excitedly. We both turned on our music, and stretched as we walked down the driveway and I bounced a little. I did a few flips to start channeling my weight and center of gravity. I did a back flip and then a hand stand, before putting one arm behind my back during the hand stand and then forced my body into the air and landed about ten feet away in a slight crouch. Caleb had mimicked my movements. "You know It never occurred to me that we could be acrobats," I said loudly over the pounding music. He read my lips and grinned. We stood side by side before we took a running start. He ran for the woods, but I didn't wait a second before throwing myself towards the closest branch and flying forward. We must've moved like that for over an hour. We'd even thrown ourselves off of a cliff and when we swam back out we just went right back into the woods. Twenty minutes after we got out of the water, I had the oddest sensation. I paused, and a second later Caleb flew into me from behind, sending us sprawling to the forest floor. I pulled my headphones out and then stood up slowly. "You feel that?" I asked him frowning. He was silent as he stood up. We'd been quiet the entire run, nothing ever heard us, not even animals. "Yeah," I turned in a circle and he did the same. "I don't hear anything." "Me neither, let's backtrack and get back to La Push." "Sounds good," I said shoving the head phones under the bra line and he pocketed his as we began running back home, this time on foot. We generally liked to trust our intuition because it was always right, music would make us easy targets. I dont think eithe of us expected anything to be out here though. We got to a small clearing when something barreled into me from behind. "Son of a-," I hit the tree on an angle and then hit the ground. Caleb grabbed me and pulled me into him hard as the fast moving person met ground at the next lunge. We moved for the other end of the clearing when I heard loud howls. We shared uneasy looks. They cut us off. No, they didn't cut us off. There was someone else with him. Both of us stood back to back and I stood with my hands open in front of me in defense. He probably stood the same way, we had the same training. They rushed us and I flipped into the air, getting them in the face and then much to my surprise, Caleb grabbed my wrist and spun me hard and I kicked the other attacker, this time from left to right rather then up from the ground. I landed with my back turned and I didn't wait before both of us were running, side by side. A wolf came flying through the trees and both of us dropped, sliding on the ground as they flew straight over us. As the wolf made it over us, we came to a stand before we even finished sliding and continued running. "Wait," I breathed suddenly and then turned as two other wolves entered the clearing. I could only stare at the small silver one. It was still huge, but it appeared to be the smallest of the three. She was staring at me too. She was beautiful, this wolf. The streaks of dark grey, and the light glittering silver tips. The moment was short, seconds, before my brother had grasped my hand and turned my attention to running. We got to the house shortly after that, we knew this side of the woods well enough so finding our way didn't take long. We were walking down the road when a cruiser pulled over. "Great, now were going to get arrested," he muttered beside me and I glared at the cruiser. A tall native guy got out. "You shouldn't be out here so late." "it's eleven o'clock," I said in disbelief. "There's a curfew," he said next, glancing from my brother to me. "Why don't I give you a ride home." "We'll walk," I said coldly, moving past him. "I insist," he said next, grabbing my wrist as I passed him. Caleb moved instantly, separating us and putting himself between us. "Don't touch her," he said, a cold almost possessive tone in his voice. I grinned. "My apologies, I didn't mean to upset you or make you feel uncomfortable. It's just not safe in these parts," he said, mostly surprised with Caleb's sudden movement. "Leave us alone and I wont call your superior and report you for harassment," Caleb said next, backing up a step and wrapping an arm around me to guide us away. The cop left. "Little much, wasn't it?" I said in amusement. "You know why I'm like that," he said in an even tone. I did know. "Caleb, were not in the city anymore. Relax," he didn't relax until we got home. I couldn't blame him much though. He was protective, they all were. We'd gotten into so much trouble with the law, that they didn't mind hurting us. They thought they'd break us by hurting us, myself the most, only because I was the girl, and the youngest. They thought I was the weak spot, and my friends had made it more then clear that I was very important to them by displays of violence bordering on brutality. A lot of the time it came off as possessive and territorial. So cops exploited the knowledge they had and it ended horribly one night when I got arrested. Someone ended up dead and I ended up in the ICU for a week, not a pleasant memory. We got home to find several people at the house, Jake, as well as several people I didn't recognize. They were all talking heatedly in the living room, and dad was nowhere to be seen. His car was in the driveway and his shoes were here, so I assumed he was asleep. "Are you okay?" Sue asked, rushing towards us. "Yeah, why?" I asked frowning. "Nothing, you were gone a long time," she said slowly, gaze flickering between us. "Did anything interesting happen?" an older boy asked, almost knowingly. "You mean aside from coming home to our new step mother and a bunch of shirtless dudes?" Caleb sneered. I guess he was still worked up, he really hated police. They just kind of made me nervous None of them knew how to respond, I took the chance to go upstairs. Caleb followed. "I call shower first!" I said suddenly, racing up the last few stairs. Caleb grabbed my ankle and I went flying forward into the last three. "Ow! Asshole." "I get the first shower!" he said, rushing past me. "The hell you do!" I said running after him and tackling him. We knocked over a table and after a steady wrestling match I managed to get the through the door and have it locked before him. "Ha, I win!" I heard him swear at me on the other side and just grinned triumphantly before turning up the cold water. I liked cool showers rather then warm ones. Halfway through the shower Caleb had picked the lock, shut of the light and flushed the toilet, and left the water running. I swore at him heavily and he just laughed. I crashed hard after that. Someone was knocking on my door, "get up, you have school," my dad said leaving the door wide open. "School?" I muttered so out of i had no idea what that even meant. Stumbling out of the bed and looking out the window. I jumped when i heard Caleb shout and swear and assumed Dad had just woken him up as well. It wasnt sunny but i hadn't expected any sun. It was Washington afterall. I I went downstairs, everyone was awake and eating breakfast. "Morning," I greeted, and everyone gave me a funny look. Maybe because I was wearing nothing but a tight purple spaghetti