Disclaimer: I do not own the characters that belong to the Harry Potter series! All the O/C characters belong to me. I will not be posting this at the beginning of every chapter, because I feel it is repetitive and I, myself, don't like having to read through the Authors Note AND Disclaimer each and every chapter of a story. A/N: I stray from the original Deathly Hallows plot in various spots and ways, I have to make this story my own, right? There is A LOT of swearing, A LOT of blood and gore and a fair amount of smut and twists throughout the story. I apologize for any and all short comings, I'm an amateur with a lot of ideas. I do hope you will enjoy this story, and PLEASE let me know what you think! "This evening will be interesting." A tall muscular man said to the small woman on his left. "Even if nothing goes according to plan." "Indeed it will Brynjar." The woman replied with a smirk before turning her attention back to the manor in the distance. The woman knelt down in front of where she was sure the wards ended, and ran her hand through them. As she pulled her hand away, she scoffed at what she detected, and stood back up to look at her companion. "Blood wards." She declared. "PUREblood wards to be exact." "Just blood wards? No other wards?" Brynjar asked slightly taken aback by the lack of security. "No there are others; muggle repelling charms, and silencing charms. Very predictable." She sneered, rolling her eyes in disgust. Brynjar started to chuckle, causing his friend to look at him warily. "What's so funny?" She asked. "I wonder how HE gets in passed the pureblood wards, seeing as he's a halfy." Brynjar joked as he stepped through the wards on to the perfectly manicured lawns of Malfoy Manor. His friend chuckled too, at that thought and followed him through the wards. "They probably count his ancestors blood so pure as to wash out the muggle half of him." She scoffed as she began to search the area around them for any of HIS followers on watch. "Even though my ancestral bloodline makes HIM look like a common muggle." She snorts as she catches a glimpse of a peacock roaming the lawns. "But we will not get into that right now. Let's move." "Asta." Brynjar called as he pulled her back to her previous spot next to him. "Are you sure you want to do this?" He asked carefully. "I know you and your father agreed to aid the Order, even if they don't know you're helping them, but are you sure you are ready for the exposure that is to come?" Asta considered his words thoughtfully. "We have been underground since the middle of 1066!" Brynjar continued. "The entireties of both the magical and muggle world believe our kind to be dead, extinct, no more! If we expose ourselves there will likely be hunts for our kind, for revenge." She considered his words some more, still rooted in her spot. "Do you really want to risk it?" He asked softly. She knew he was right about the dangers that could arise from exposing their peoples continued, unwelcome existence. However, she and her father agreed they have roughly three centuries worth of cruelties to make up for to earn forgiveness from at least the magical community. They are here and they are ready for literally anything. They were following through with this, end of discussion. "Brynjar, we have to do this. Exposure or not, our people are more than capable of evading hunters, should that become a problem." Asta replied with finality. "We owe…. Well everyone so much for what our ancestors have done to theirs. We are going to help Harry Potter destroy this psychotic snake of a man, whether he knows we are or not. He will learn of our assistance somewhere down the road, and he will help us be able to come out of hiding and live amongst the others." She steadied him with a fierce look, and he nodded. "Right, now lets-" "STUPEFY!" A male voice cried from somewhere to their left. Both Brynjar and Asta expertly dodged the spell, and Asta quickly disarmed and magically bound the unknown man. As they made their way towards the struggling man, Asta studied the wand that had flown out of his hands. "Can you believe they still use wands?" She asked Brynjar with a disgusted face. "How primitive." Asta looked down on the face of a young man who looked to be about their age. Avery handsome young man too, and clearly new to the job, made evident by the way he was trembling with fear. "What is your name?" Asta demanded. The young man said nothing. Asta's blood slowly started boiling. "Answer me, boy!" Asta growled as she lowered herself next to his head, his own wand pointed at his throat. "What is your fucking name?" "B-Ba-Bl-Blaise." The trembling man replied. Asta looked up at Brynjar with a surprised look, and then both looked back down at the terrified man. "Blaise?" Asta asked in a tone suggesting she has heard of him. "Not Blaise Zabini? The seductive widows son? That Blaise Zabini?" Brynjar asked looking almost impressed. "Y-Y-Yes." Blaise answered, still afraid of what these two might do to him. "Holy fuck mate!" Brynjar exclaimed as he magically moved the ropes from around Blaise's body to just his wrists. "Your mum is the most sought after witch in the whole bloody world!" "I- I know." Blaise replied as Asta pulled him to his feet. Asta had been studying Blaise very carefully since they caught him. She didn't understand how the most evil wizard of all time, well almost most evil wizard of all time, would want this scared young man in his inner circle. This boy was obviously afraid of them, and did not have what the other Death Eaters had in them. So, why was he here? "Why would Snakeman have you, an obviously new and very scared recruit, be on security detail? Let alone in his ranks at all? I mean you have to be as old as us, because there is no way you are over seventeen." Asta asked through narrowed eyes. Brynjar looked from Asta to Blaise with a curious expression, silently agreeing with Asta's assessment. "Yeah. Why?" He asked. "I mean look at you mate, you're shaking like a leaf." Blaise swallowed hard at their comments and questions. He wasn't sure whether he should feel; relieved that they could see he wasn't really on HIS side, or offended that they were essentially calling him a Nancy boy. "My mother." Blaise said at last. "They took her to make me cooperate and do their dirty work." "Who is they?" Asta asked going into full battle mode. "Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy." Blaise replied looking relieved to finally have something resembling sympathy from ANYONE. "Did Snakeman tell them to? Are you that much of an asset to him?" Brynjar asked getting a scary look in his eyes, as all the possible ways to bring the psycho man and his band of sickos to their knees played out in his head. "No." Blaise replied. "They want the Dark Lords attention off of their son, Draco. So they kidnapped my mum to make me do the Dark Lords bidding in Draco's place." Asta moved in closer to Blaise and gave him a petrifying and fierce look and asked, "Do you know where they are holding her?" Blaise nodded. "The top floor in the East Wing of the Manor. Why?" Brynjar and Asta shared a silent exchange and they both nodded at each other before turning their attention back on Blaise. "We are going to break you and your mother free of their hold here, and you two are going to disapparate out of the country. Somewhere they will never think to look for you. Do you understand?" Asta declared, leveling him with a look that said he had no say in the matter. Blaise's eyes widened with hope and he nodded in understanding. "Good. Now you will have to get us into the Manor and to the room where your mum is being held." Asta commanded. "Are there any other guards stationed in the Manor? Or are you the only patrolman?" Brynjar asked, looking eager for a fight. Blaise nodded. "Yes. At least one on every floor. There are normally more guards on the nights the Dark Lord has his meetings with his inner circle, but he has stationed most of his other, less worthy followers, around London and Hogwarts to keep an eye out for Potter." Asta and Brynjar looked at one another appearing to be having a silent conversation with one another. Blaise watched them in utter bemusement as they stared at each other, unsure of what to make of what was happening. Finally both of them nodded to each other and turned to look at Blaise. Both of them having forgotten he was there, Brynjar was the first to speak. "Alright, lead the way pretty boy." He said as he patted Blaise on the shoulder. Blaise sighed as he began to walk towards the Manor door, because the pretty boy comment never gets old. As they came to a halt in front of the great manor door, Blaise gestured for his hands to be untied. Asta stepped forward, grabbed his bonds, and forced him to bend backwards until her mouth was by his ear. "You try ANYTHING, or cross me, you and your mother with pray to whatever Godly figure you believe in for the sweet mercy of death." She paused. "Do you understand?" Blaise, body trembling again, nodded in understanding. "Diffindo." Blaise felt the ropes fall away, and then he rubbed at his wrists where the bonds had been. Then he raised his left forearm and the door swung open before them. As soon as the door opened Blaise promptly threw his arms behind his back, to be rebound. Asta considered this gesture carefully, knowing he could be playing victim very well and be leading them into a trap. But his sincerity made her put those thoughts behind her. She would trust him and leave his hands unbound, and if he proved traitorous she would kill him and everyone else in sight. "Not necessary." She grunted. "Now lead us to your mum. Brynjar and I will take care of the guards." Blaise nodded and led them into the foyer of the Manor, which was decorated in ornate silver finished furnishings and trinkets. "Really showy these people are, aren't they?" Brynjar commented. Asta nodded. "First the peacocks, now the fancy 'never to be actually sat on' furniture. What's next? A pet unicorn?" Brynjar snorted at her last comment, resulting in Blaise swiftly spinning on his heel and shushing him. "You're lucky there aren't any guards on this floor." He scolded. "We would have been found and killed, or locked away in the dungeon to wait to be killed!" Asta just waved him off. "Please, don't insult me. If we had been found the guards would be dead long before they could utter the first half of the curse." She replied with an eye roll. "How are you so-" Blaise began but was shoved forward by Brynjar. "Because we are. Now keep moving." He commanded. They made it to the second floor before they met their first challenge, Macnair the executioner. They might have managed to just walk on past, pretending as though they were prisoners Blaise was bringing in. That is if Blaise hadn't been walking with his arms tucked behind his back, and if he hadn't been the one walking in the captives spot. Unfortunately, this did not go unnoticed by Macnair. Brynjar, quickly and stealthily cast a silencing charm around them, while Asta moved in front of Blaise. "Crucio!" Macnair yelled, aiming his