ONE-SHOT Narcissa and Snape pairing, Narcissa pays a visit to Severus. No smut, this is a rather dark story in the beginning so have warning. Btw Snape and Narcissa are in the same year in my version (You'll see why this is important later). Rated T for suggested suicide and mentions of self harming, but it isn't too bad nothing graphic very vague. Just violence…again Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or make any profit off this. PLEASE REVIEW! Lucius had been in Azkaban for three weeks now and Draco was back in school, leaving Narcissa alone in the Manor. Draco wouldn't write to her and the Death Eaters polluted the house…all except the top two floors, which she'd banned them from. She didn't dare leave the floors for fear of the people below. In the night she heard their screams, the laughter, the smashing of her precious antiques. At this point she couldn't sleep anymore, her days were filled with wandering the halls and searching her drawers for some small thing to make her smile. It could drive anyone insane to stare into the distance and pace the halls for hours on end. Her eyes had glazed over and she hadn't eaten in days, she sat on the floor in the empty hallways and curled up in the corners. Eventually she found a dagger and would trace along her veins watching the blood splatter on the floor. The dagger would clatter to the floor and she would follow it to the ground as she blacked out. She could hear the boards in the floor creaking and the hallways echoing, the rooms seemed to whisper her name and she would walk to the open window. Then she would walk away and wander the rooms, her dress was covered in soot from the hearth she slept next to. No longer could she bear to sleep in the empty bedroom so she would sleep next to the dying coals. Her hair was tangled and she was no longer the rich and powerful Narcissa Malfoy she was just Cissa…just her. She had no idea how many weeks passed, no idea how many days ago she had started to crawl instead of walk. No idea when it had changed to winter instead of autumn, no idea she was on the roof. The snow fell on her shoulders and she stood, looking over the balcony to the snow covered ground below…a seven-story fall. She took a look at the world…how cruel it was how horribly cruel. She turned and looked back at the door she had left the house from, no going back this time. Without second thought she ran and jumped, she was falling, falling...*pop* ouch. Wait a moment…why wasn't she dead? She'd jumped! Then she looked around, she was on someone's front stoop, not just anyone's front stoop Severus Snape's front stoop. She pounded on the door…no answer; of course he was at Hogwarts. "Accio." She stumbled through the doorway and shut the door behind her. Instantly she was enveloped by the bittersweet smell of Snape. Cinnamon and herbs with just a hint of smoke, she'd always loved that smell, it made her feel warm inside. She rest by the doormat for a while before finding the energy to get to her feet, she stumbled to the kitchen. At first it was in search of a knife but then she saw some wine on the counter and changed her mind. She poured some into a glass and made her way to the living room, sitting in a chair she sipped her wine for a while before getting up again. She refilled her glass and came back; kneeling before the bookshelves she picked up a small frame on the bottom shelf. Blowing the dust off she examined it; it appeared to be a small boy with black eyes and hair standing next to a woman…whom she figured was his mother. They were both smiling, Snape smiling it was a legend these days, and she smiled sadly. Taking another gulp of her wine she set the picture back in place before selecting another, this time it wasn't coated in dust…as if it had been examined recently. There, hand in hand was a girl with fiery red hair that was none other then Lily Evans, and Severus. The image was framed in a golden frame that was supposed to be in the shape off vines, small pink gems were scattered on the frame. Everyone knew he loved her, she more then anyone, the way he said her name even now. It pained her to see the way he loved her…shaking her head to clear the thought…she didn't care if he loved her why would she? Yet the bubbling anger and wine was stealing her logic away from her, she would have paid anything to have someone look at her the way Severus looked at Lily. Why did those damn Gryffindor's get all the attention and love? She was lovable too! Damn you Lily Potter! Damn you, damn you! "DAMN YOU LILY EVANS!" She screamed as she threw the picture across the room, a few angry tears escaped her eyes before she swiped them away. Her breathing was rushing and her rage was flushing her cheeks, why did she let that girl get to her? Why couldn't someone love her too? She was dead! Why couldn't he see past her? Was she such an angel such a golden girl that she was just unforgettable is that how love worked? She wouldn't know she'd never had anyone to love. Suddenly she was in tears…all her happiness was gone all gone. She left her glass on the floor and went to the kitchen in search of one thing…Snape's fire whisky. She found it in a cupboard and uncorked it, tears practically blinding her. She lifted the bottle to her lips and drank until she couldn't breathe. Coughing she went for another gulp, and another and another until her world was a blur of burning whisky and salty tears. She lost grip on the bottle and it smashed on the floor. She had one thought in mind, Snape. Stumbling over her own feet she reached his room, she kept mumbling his name as she groped for the doorknob. Finally she opened the door and walked aimlessly around the room for a while before sliding open the door to his closet and fumbled with the hanger before the cloak fell into her fingers. She made her way out of the room running into a few walls on the way before reaching the couch. However she tripped and fell to the floor, still crying her heart out she buried her face in his cloak. Hmmm it smelled like Snape, it smelled of long days in the potion classroom and dusty bookshelves. She fell into a dreamless sleep her face still buried in his shirt, along with all her worries. When she next woke she found herself in Hogwarts. … It had been an awfully tiring day at Hogwarts that day and Snape was in need of a nice long drink of fire whisky. When he reached his house he quickly realized the door was unlocked, taking out his wand he entered. Maybe the Death Eaters had decided to play a trick on him or he had been stolen from. When he entered there was no sign of anyone except himself, he murmured a revealing charm and a light shone from behind the couch. Quietly he crept over and looked over ready to duel anyone who may jump out. What he saw however was not exactly what he'd expected, he couldn't see the woman's face but her blonde hair and pale skin was enough to tell him this was Narcissa. She had one of his cloaks pressed to her face and he wondered how long she'd been here. He didn't even the question the reason she was here he didn't care she was just here. He came around the side of the couch and gently, gently scooped her up into his arms. Laying her on the couch he turned to get some medication when his coat fell from her hands and she whimpered, "Severus…Severus I need you." He slowly twisted back around to see her small hands grasping empty air. He sighed and came to her side, sitting on the couch beside her and gently folding her hands between his. She was so thin, I mean she had never been out of shape but now it looked unhealthy, everything about her looked so broken. She calmed and fell back into her black sleep, after a few minutes he stood and went to the kitchen. He was met with the sight of a shattered fire whisky bottle…no wonder she was acting so off. Man she'd downed the WHOLE bottle. He cleaned up the mess with a wave of his wand and then fetched a few things to help her. He was heading back to the living room when something caught his eye, a picture was lying face down on the floor. He stooped over and picked it up…no, the picture of him and Lily, the glass was shattered and the frame had a dent, he knew she'd seen it. Sighing he set it on the coffee table he went to her side and her hand automatically grabbed his, "Shh it's okay." He whispered when she began to repeat his name. He first waved his wand over her hair, which was clean in an instant and loose around her shoulders. Then over her dress which repaired itself and cleaned in a burst of sparkles. Next he gave her a concoction to sober her up. He was about to get up when he saw her wrists…red and probably infected plagued with scars and gashes. He stopped dead in his tracks…he couldn't believe it, she couldn't have. Deep down he knew she had, coming back to her side he traced each and every wound with his wand, each one healed leaving her arms full of new scars but free of pain. Lifting her still limp person into his arms he apperated to Hogwarts, into his chambers. He set her on the bed where she looked so much more peaceful and whispered, "I will never leave you alone again." Then went to make some dinner. All throughout the night he would check on her, make sure she was still there and finally it was morning. He scribbled a note down before heading up to the classrooms, all day though he couldn't get her out of his mind. … She stirred around one o'clock and looked around, where was she? Then it all came back to her…jumping off the roof, Snape's house, the whisky, but still that didn't answer her question, where was she? Slowly she got to her feet and the first thing she saw was a note in spiraling writing, picking it up she read; "Dear Narcissa, I hope you're not too confused but I brought you to Hogwarts after finding you unconscious at my house. I have no idea why or how you got there but we will discuss that along with some other important matters when I return. I will be home around six and until then stay in my chambers; I have a house-elf named Twinkle if you need anything. Do not cut yourself while I'm away. -Snape" She set the note aside…how had he known about her cuts? She pulled up her sleeves to find her arms free of any wound. Damn him being such a healer. No Narcissa you're okay don't cut find something to do. She told herself and then went to the bathroom to look in the mirror, he'd fixed her hair…she smiled to herself. Running her fingers through her soft hair she decided maybe it would be best to take a shower before anything else. Taking off her dress she turned on the water and then stepped into