Year 3 – The Prisoner of Azkaban Chapter 1 – The Affidavit Chapter Summary: Harry Potter's summer plans are marred only by his looming court date. But if Harry is not looking forwards to this, it's nothing compared to his aunt's and uncle's reaction to the news. Author: Khodexus Rated T: For occasional graphic concepts and atmosphere. No cussing, no adult situations, no violence. Disclaimer: I do not own any rights for the worlds or characters in Harry Potter. Those rights are owned by Scholastic Publishing Inc and J.K. Rowling. I do own the rights to my original characters depicted here, in as far as they differ from the worlds created by J.K. Rowling. Note: This is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Dragon's Heir, Year 2 – The Chamber of Secrets . It is highly recommended you read Year 1 – The Philosopher's Stone , and Year 2 – The Chamber of Secrets first. Harry thought his aunt and uncle were secretly plotting to murder him. As his parents had been killed when he was just a year old, Harry was forced to live with his only remaining relatives the Dursleys; Petunia (his mother's sister), Vernon (her husband), and their son Dudley (Harry's cousin) at number four Privet drive. The real problem, was that like his late parents, Harry was a wizard. And his relatives wanted absolutely nothing to do with magic. While his aunt and uncle had tried everything they could think of to repress his talents, Harry had proven resilient to their efforts. To make matters worse, Harry was becoming increasingly proficient with magic because he had been attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry over the past two years. His relatives were growing more and more wary of what they thought he might do to them if they upset him too greatly. Harry had even dropped some subtle hints of the kinds of things he could do so that Vernon had – white faced – allowed him to hold onto his books, and even his broom instead of locking them away as he had at the start of the previous summer. But Vernon had warned him sternly not to be seen using any of them. Technically he wasn't allowed to use magic outside of school until he'd come of age, but his relatives didn't know that, and Harry wasn't about to tell them. Most days there was a silent tension throughout the house that gave Harry a mild headache. While other days neither Vernon nor Harry could hold back the criticisms and threats. So far, their arguments had escalated no further than shouting, but Harry knew it was only a matter of time before someone exploded. The greatest test of Vernon's patience, was when Harry finally brought up the letter he had received just before the end of his last school term. It had been an Order to Appear, from the Ministry of Magic. His uncle was going to have to drive him to London at the end of June, and the worst of it was, that he had to accompany Harry inside the magically concealed Ministry building, since Harry was still underage. Vernon had been livid when Harry brought this up, and the yelling match that had ensued only ended when Petunia pointed out that the neighbors could most likely hear them. Harry didn't want to go to London with his uncle, any more than Vernon wanted to have to go inside a building full of wizards, but in the end, there wasn't much either of them could do to change the situation. Instead, Harry tried to concentrate on more pleasant matters. He let his owl, Hedwig, out of her cage only at night, and was very discreet with all of his magical things. Wizards used owls to carry mail, and Harry had been communicating with his best friend in the whole world, Draco Malfoy. Draco had promised Harry a grand birthday celebration on the last day of July, and Harry was coming to visit Malfoy Manor a week before the party. He planned to stay there until the end of summer vacation, as he certainly had no wish to return to Privet Drive. Typically, Vernon would have been happy when Harry was gone, but then, he opposed just about anything that Harry actually wanted, especially if it involved wizards. Petunia, on the other hand, would miss him for the chores he wouldn't be doing, if nothing else. Harry had plenty to do to help the Malfoys get ready for the party. He couldn't visit yet – if he'd had his way, he would have spent the entire summer at Malfoy Manor, his second favorite place in the world, after Hogwarts – but he was counting down the days, even the minutes, until he could leave Privet Drive behind for another year. But even from here, he could write invitations, and correspond nightly with Draco and his other school friends about the party plans. Frankly, he was a bit surprised by how much work he was actually doing. He'd never realized just how much planning went into a party like this, even though Petunia entertained as often as she could. The Dursley's parties were simply a world apart from the grand celebration the Malfoys were preparing for Harry, now an honorary member of the family. And, that was another thing that his relatives held against Harry. Since Harry had come home for the summer holiday, Privet drive had been plagued by one particularly enthusiastic house elf, named Dobby, who absolutely adored Harry Potter. Dobby was now allowed to serve Harry in the same capacity as he served the rest of the Malfoy family. House elves by nature were discreet, but Petunia had noticed when chores would be completed while Harry was busy elsewhere, and for some reason took great offense at the idea that magic was no doubt responsible for these occurrences, and that was simply one more reminder of everything they hated about Harry and 'his sort'. Dobby insisted on doing any of Harry's chores he could find time for, and only allowed Harry to do his own laundry because he was incapable of taking clothes without permission, a permission which Harry refused to give. If the house elf was ever gifted clothes by his master, he'd be freed from his contract of servitude, which, Harry had come to learn, had been empowering elven magical abilities for generations. Harry was tired of the complaining, snide remarks, and arguments with his uncle. But before he could escape Privet Drive, he had to appear in a wizard court, and had to figure out some way to get Vernon through it without killing anyone. Before the end of June, Harry received another black envelope from the Ministry, this time to inform him that the date of his appointment had been postponed. Harry and Vernon had another two and a half weeks now, but Harry didn't honestly see how it would help anything. Having more time to brood about it would certainly not improve Vernon's mood. When the newly appointed day finally arrived, Vernon woke Harry early, and barely spoke to him as they ate breakfast and walked out to the car. Vernon was a large man, with small eyes in his face, which were now narrowed in hostility as he drove in silence, glaring at Harry sitting in the back seat from time to time in the rear view mirror. A surprise was awaiting Harry when they arrived at the guest entrance to the Ministry building. A well-dressed gentleman in a snappy blue, silk, three-piece suit, his long silver beard tied neatly in front of him by two golden clasps, was standing at the curbside next to a red telephone box. As they pulled up alongside him, Harry realized with a start, that the man was none other than Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts, as he'd never seen him dressed before. He looked more like a banker than the most respected wizard of the age. "There you are, Harry, and Mister Dursley." Dumbledore greeted them both, then faced Harry's uncle fully, "As Harry's legal counsel, I can be his escort. With your permission, of course." He said very politely. "What does that mean, precisely?" Vernon growled. "It means I can take him from here, you need not accompany him inside, unless of course… you wish to." Vernon thought about that for a long tense moment then finally nodded, "Where do I wait? When do you expect to be done? I don't want to be kept waiting out here all day." "Do not worry, Mister Dursley, I shall ensure that he is returned to Number 4 when we are finished." Vernon was so obviously relieved that Harry almost chuckled, but he knew his uncle's nerves were stretched so taught that even that might set him off. Still, his uncle thought about it, and opened his mouth as if to argue, but then turned and got back into his car. He drove away without a backward glance, and Harry gazed up and down the street for a moment before facing Dumbledore. "So, what am I supposed to do in there, exactly?" Harry asked. But Dumbledore gestured for them to walk together down the sidewalk. "Actually, your court date has been postponed yet again, I'm sorry to say. But I wished to speak with you, and this seemed the perfect time to do so." The headmaster informed Harry. "Oh. Why does it keep getting postponed?" Harry asked as they turned the first corner. "Lockhart's legal team is quite slippery, and well paid to be so. They can likely bog down this whole mess for years, though that could do as much damage or more to his reputation than the facts we can prove, were they to be made public right away. I suspect he will find a way to end the proceedings before too long." "I hope it ends sooner than later, I don't want to have to keep coming back here for years and years. But on the other hand I hope he doesn't get away with it either." "It is possible things could drag on for some time, though being who you are, a student, and the famous Harry Potter, I imagine even the strictest court official will be somewhat lenient with you. Hopefully, the demands on your time should be minimal." "Can't I just tell them what happened? What Lockhart told me he'd done? I'll swear it after drinking veritaserum." "I'm afraid that testimony through truth potions is not admissible in courts, Harry." Dumbledore tsked. "There are those who are able to fool such a test, it is not wholly reliable. I will help you sort through this, you need not fear. But, on that subject, perhaps we should head inside." "I thought you said my court date had been postponed?" They rounded another corner, and Harry tried to recall if this was the second or third corner they'd turned. "It has, but as chance would have it, you did not receive the notice, and here you are. We might as well try to accomplish something so long as you are here. No point wasting the trip now, is there?" They came to a stop in front of the same shabby red telephone booth where they'd started, and with a little effort, they both managed to squeeze inside. "How's this supposed to work?" Harry wondered aloud, staring around the cramped space. It was even shabbier on the inside. In fact the telephone itself was hanging rather crookedly. Dumbledore didn't answer, merely tapped his wand against the decrepit phone, causing the dial to spin crazily to one number then the next. A moment after it stopped a cool female voice emerged from the depths of the leaning box. "Welcome to the Ministry of Magic. Please state your name and business." "Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Bri…" Dumbledore began. "Ah, Master Dumbledore, how may we help you today?" The