Summary: Renee's death on her way to the airport a week after Edward leaves, gives Bella a wake up call that causes her to realize the many things wrong with both her life and herself and embark on a journey of self discovery to know herself, what her goals, wants and needs truly are as well as set her priorities straight. How will things chang e with such circumstances and how will Bella? A/N: Renee's cause of death has been changed from a plan crash to a car accident to avoid the many implications and the attention that Bella would have to go through had it been the former. It was the lovely jansails that put this to my attention -she was also the one with the car crash idea- so thanks to her :) Metamorphosis Chapter 1 A change is Coming I was angry with my friend; I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. And I waterd it in fears, Night & morning with my tears: And I sunned it with smiles, And with soft deceitful wiles. And it grew both day and night. Till it bore an apple bright. - A Poison Tree By William Blake I never thought it would take my mother's death for me to realize the many wrong things with my life and even myself. Normally such an event would be something that saddens and for some even depresses but because I already had been there when it happened, it served as a wake up call instead. And it made me angry. Not at Renee for dying, not at the driver for crashing the car on her way to the airport -though accidentally, not at Charlie for calling her and not even at him for leaving in the first place. I was angry with myself . No, I didn't feel guilty about her death -what I did feel guilty for was the fact that she died worrying about me, thinking me weak which I was . But I didn't feel like I should get better for her -just that I had to get better. Her death made me realize how short our lives truly are. And I couldn't believe the way I have been wasting mine. Not only this week and not only this year but my entire life. Because what had I really done for myself through it all? Who was I really? Sure, I was a loving daughter, a girl who loved to cook, a lover for the classics, a teenager in love. But who was I really? Who was Bella Swan? Because all of those things could apply to millions of girls -they didn't really make an individual out of me. And I wanted that -to be an individual. To stop living through people which was what I have been doing my entire life -be that with Renee, Charlie, Alice and even him and to find who I was in relation to only me. It may have been terrible to only want to live -truly live- right after my mother died but I couldn't find it in me to feel guilty -truth is I was tired of feeling guilt, insecurity, sadness and all that related to them. I knew that if Renee could see me right now -and I wished she could- that she'd be ecstatic and if she can't well.. then I guess there was nothing to feel guilty about. It was hours after I have attended the funeral and made this decision that I was sitting in my room not knowing where to start. So I brought a paper and wrote everything about me -without any events or relationship- just things about me as a person and was shocked that they weren't many -as if I didn't have a personality to begin with- and many of those things I wrote were things I didn't like. Clumsy, insecure, shy, dependent, low self worth and plain looking -I didn't even bother trying to spare my own feelings, instead writing it as if I was judging a character from a book and I hated what I saw. It was then that I knew needed to remedy that. I started with writing goals -things that I wanted out of life in general- and because I ashamedly didn't have any specific ones, I instead wrote general ones. I knew I wanted happiness, I knew I wanted freedom and I knew I wanted privacy. I also knew that I've almost never had the three of them at the same time. The time I was at my happiest had been with him and it was definitely not a time for either privacy nor freedom -no wonder he left, who would want to live with such a dependent almost empty character- and I decided that I'd work on those first. Having already turned eighteen I realized that there was no better time to work on those two aspects -I could literally do whatever I wanted and no one could have any say in it. Sure, I was still living with Charlie whom I both loved and respected but he had no say in what I do anymore -not that he was ever in any way nosy nor would I ever disrespect his opinions but I just needed to realize that the world was literally my forte and that I had no limitation except for those that I myself have made. This gave me both an exhilarating feeling and a fear that I have never before felt -yes, I could do whatever I wanted but I also had to deal with the consequences all by myself. Even including the fear though, it felt good to know you're in control of your own life. Going over the last year and the many things -good and bad- that happened during it, I started going over every little mistake to see what could have been done to prevent them -maybe that way I'll know how to change my weakness into strength. This thankfully ended up working -though it also gave me such a feeling of self hate that I was determined to change; there were just so many things I did that were wrong to the extent that I wondered if I really had done them. Starting from the most recent, I was ashamed at my state the week after they left -the one that just ended three days ago when Renee's car crashed as she was coming over out of her worry for me. How could I have let someone -no matter how great he was- have such an effect on me to the extent that I was almost dead by his departure? This wasn't me -I was supposed to be the strong independent one. But then again maybe it was me and I just only realized it through this. Regardless, this needed to change. Then there was the fateful birthday party and the accident of the paper cut. When I thought it over, I realized a few things. One, it wasn't my fault. Two, Jasper was an empath and even though I've never actually discussed this with any of the Cullens, I felt that this had to do with him being the one who lost control -hunger was a feeling after all. Three; it was in a way my fault. Because what did I expect really from spending that much time with vampires knowing how delectable my blood supposedly was? What future did I expect as I grew up while he didn't? I should have insisted that he either turns me -which was the only way we could have truly had any relationship with each other- or leaves me be. It was me that should have broke it off -not out of pride but out of common sense no matter how much it would have hurt. There really was no way for us to be together with me being human without me being constantly in danger because of his world or in the best case scenario with me finally looking like his grandmother -though I could never put the word 'best' with such a scenario. So in that sense the party accident was my fault. It was through that, that a whole new sea of faults flooded me and I realized that it had been so long since I last made a decision -an actual one- for myself instead going with the flow and letting him decide and dazzle. I didn't hate him for it nor did I even feel anger, after all I let him -so I was devastated with myself instead. Who knew how would we have been had I been less dependent and insecure? And how could I have let go of everything that was mine easily like that? I guess in a way I had an excuse though. After all he was almost a century older than me, stronger, faster, more beautiful and with his ability had more knowledge than I ever could. But having an excuse didn't make it better; it just made me understand why I had become even more insecure than I already was and why I was so dependent on him. It was time to change all of that though and I was going to start now. Instead of feeling satisfied with just being with someone who had what I lacked, I was going to fix the problems I had and be what all the things that I admired in others instead of settling with people who had them -because while that wasn't why I loved him, any of them, it was definitely why I was so dependent on them and so attached. They filled the void I didn't even know I had and now I was going to make sure I no longer have a void to begin with. I knew many of the things I wanted to change would take time, like building a self confidence and eliminating my insecurities but I also knew the things that could help reaching those goals faster than I would have. First of all came my clumsiness which was a huge contributor to my insecurity, shyness as well as a reason for not doing many things I may have other wise enjoyed and after reading about it, I decided to go do a full medical check up -something that Charlie was pleasantly surprised about; after all I had been but a zombie for a week. And even though I didn't do it for him, I was glad I could help him feel something because after mom's death, I realized how like me he was -with him going on a semi-zombie state over her death though it was nothing compared to mine after him leaving; something that gave me even a greater dose of shame for being so weak. The medical check up was revolutionary so to speak; because while I didn't have anything major, I ended up with a revelation. The doctor informed me that my clumsiness was due to muscle weakness and that if I strengthened my muscle the problem could be eliminated -he suggested any type of exercise that targets the whole body. There were also many vitamins I was deficient in as well as being slightly anemic which made sense since I was in much stress and had been barely eating. Funnily enough I also learned that my growth plates haven't yet closed and that for females it was usually at 18 they did but that I possible was one of the few that could grow until my 21st. So on my way from the doctor's I made sure to buy the healthiest groceries I could with special attention to things that had the nutrients I was currently missing. After all I couldn't do anything if my health was poor and thus this was one of the most important goals for me now. After finishing