Disclaimer: Twilight is the property of Stephenie Meyers, my OCs belong to me Isla Silva had her life perfectly planned out, what she hadn't counted on was the wolf. Now she has to juggle her newfound Quileute heritage with her life long dream of becoming a top chef and owning her own restaurant. It was my first plane ride, but it felt like it took forever. Not as long as that ship ride out, so that was something. I was choke excited at first, but it soon wore off as we flew into the night and I started to feel sleepy. "Just recline your seat and if you use the blanket make sure your belt is showing or the flight attendants will wake you up." Billie whispered to me. "Ok." I said. "But do any of you wanna go by the window?" "It's too dark to really see and if we need to get up we won't have to squeeze passed you." Billie replied. "Ok." I said, and nodded my head before I pulled the blanket around me for the comfort and I put the seat back and closed my eyes. I slept a little and that killed some time. Still it was a choke long journey, made longer with the change over at Honolulu. It felt good when we were on the Big Island, but we still had a way to go. My Grandma Susie came to pick us up at the airport and she drove us to Honomu because that's where Kekipi's boat was and we had to get the keys or something. It was from the vamps who were looking after Drogo, he still hadn't recovered fully. I was torn. I wanted to go check in with Drogo, but I also wanted to see Mom. I couldn't see Mom until I'd been to get my bag from Wolf Island. I didn't get to choose in the end. One of the vamps came out of the apartment anyway, keeping to the shadow of the building. It was a guy, looked not much older than me, but Billie said it was her Uncle Will, and Kekipi seemed to know him too. With the keys Kekipi led us to the public dock. It wasn't his boat. "What's going on?" I asked as Kekipi helped Billie into the speedboat that was a choke fancier than his beat up old reliable had been. "I don't know if my boat is still at the island or if the vamps sunk it, but whatever, Will and Marlin said I can keep this one." Kekipi said with a shrug. "Shaka." I said as I got into the boat and sat next to Billie in the much more comfortable seats than in Kekipi's old boat. I was worried that I would freak, or Billie would freak being on the water again. This was different. We were up in the air, feeling the wind and watching the horizon. I took a deep breath as we rounded the bulk of Wolf Island. Last time I came this way I didn't know anything about the supernatural, but I knew there was a horrible smell. There wasn't a smell now and I knew all too well about the supernatural. As soon as we docked I leapt off the boat and went running up the path to the place where I'd dropped my backpack. It wasn't on the path and I had a sudden sick gut feeling the vamps had taken it with them and it was back in the port in Mexico. Then I noticed that some of the bushes were looking a little weird. I jumped down over the edge of the path into the pile of bushes and I found my pack. I put it onto my back before I climbed back up, just as Kekipi and Billie were coming up the path. "I need to check everything is still in there, but then I need to head back. I need to see Mom." I said. "What are you gonna tell her?" Kekipi asked, looking worried. "For now? That I spent an awesome week with my big brother Jimmy, but I don't know if I can keep the wolf thing from her forever. I guess I'll see how it goes first." I said, not feeling good about that. "If you need to tell her, we'll work out the right way to do it." Billie said and gave me a smile. "Thanks." I said and hugged her before I turned back to Kekipi. "I can row your canoe to shore." "It's ok. I'll take you back. Need to check on the garage anyway." He said. "I'll stay. Make a start on the clean up." Billie said. "Are you sure?" Kekipi asked, looking worried. "I want our house to be hale again, and that won't happen if we're not fixing and cleaning." Billie said firmly. "I know. But half hour won't make much difference. Maybe we should go up over the cliff, see if there's anything we might need to get in town?" Kekipi suggested. Billie looked like she was about to argue, but Kekipi had a point. So I followed them up to the little cliff top where I'd found out that the supernatural world was real almost a week ago. Someone must have cleaned up a little because there weren't any sign of our fight. "Guess there isn't much to do." Billie said. "There might be some food we need to dump." "Yeah. We should check on the milk and bread and dump it if we have to. Get more in town." Kekipi said. "Yeah." Billie agreed. I followed them inside and waited while they checked the cupboards and the fridge. They ended up with a bag full of spoiled food. Some of it could be donated to pig feed; the rest would have to be taken to the nearest dump. Then we headed back to the Big Island. I said a quick goodbye to Billie and Kekipi before I headed home. I let myself into the obviously empty house, Mom and Dad were at the Diner, and I made my way up to my room to dump my backpack along with the suitcase I'd used as my luggage on the plane. It was full of Drogo's t-shirts and some of Billie's old jeans. I thought he might want his t-shirts before Billie sold her apartment and have it cleared out. I hid the suitcase under my bed before dumping the unused clothes from my backpack into the laundry ready to wash as soon as I went to see Mom. I put my phone on to charge because it was completely dead, then I left the house. I don't know how I managed to not use my new found super speed I was so eager to see Mom, but I got there in human time. There was a rush on in the Diner so I cut ahead and went behind the counter. "Excuse me?" Mom said, on automatic, before noticing me. "Isla?" "Mom." I exclaimed and pulled her into a big hug, breathing in her scent and feeling ohana and hale all in one breath. "It's so good to see you." "You're back early." She said, standing back a little to look up at me. "Yeah. Well there's only so many hikes I can go on before it gets boring." I said with a grin. "You need help?" "You want to help me?" Mom asked, sounding surprised, but then I'd never wanted to help in the Diner before, I didn't want to be accused of getting a job through nepotism. "You got a rush on and the quicker we get these people cleared the quicker we can chat." I said with a shrug. "Ok. Can you wait the tables over that section? Bonnie is in her own world again." Mom said warily. "If only Mina didn't have to go away." I didn't know how to answer that, Mina had been an alias Billie was using when she worked here for a week or two, so I grabbed an apron and pad and went to wait tables. I took up most of the tables and I caught Bonnie giving me stink eye, like I was stealing her tips, but once it had settled down to just a handful of people eating in the far corner of the Diner I handed all the tips I'd made to Bonnie. Mom gave me a look, but we'd take it up later. Bonnie escaped over to the other corner of the Diner to wash tables I'd done only a minuet before, but at least it gave Mom and me time to talk. "So how did your week go?" Mom asked. "It was good. We went sailing for a while and then we spent time staying out, away from home. I had fun." I replied. "Then why come home early?" Mom asked, raising her eyebrows at me. "It's not so fun being a third wheel." I said with a chuckle, and realised too late what I'd said. "Third wheel? You mean Jimmy has a girlfriend?" Mom demanded, using the name she'd given Kekipi at birth, before he changed it when he started turning into a giant ass wolf. "Um…" I trailed off. "A boyfriend?" Mom ventured. "No. A girlfriend." I confirmed. "And he didn't tell me?" Mom asked, looking some hurt and some annoyed that she was only finding out now. "You know what Jimmy's like. So shy, and his GF is even worse. He thought he'd introduce her to me first. After all, if she can handle me she can handle anyone." I joked. "You're not that bad." Mom said and stroked back my hair and frowned at me. "Something has changed about you." "What? What could change about me?" I asked, trying to play it off in humour, but my laugh sounded forced. "Can't put my finger on it, but you're not my little girl anymore." She said, looking thoughtful. That actually affected me more than I would have thought. It felt like I was stabbed in the heart. "I'll always be your little girl." I said and I couldn't stop the sob in my voice. "Of course Isla, you will always be my little girl. It's just something has changed. Since last week when I saw you." Mom said as she looked into my eyes and I felt my throat close. I couldn't lie to her when she was looking into my soul, but this wasn't the place. "I just had an ono week with my brah." I said with a shrug. "And now I could do with a shower. I'm gonna head home. What time are you and Dad thinking of heading in? I can cook something special." "It won't be till late and we'll have something here as usual." Mom said. "Ok." I said, feeling sad. "Make me a salad for tomorrow's lunch." Mom said, and kissed my cheek. "And make sure that shower is a cold one, you're still running a high temperature." "I will." I said. "Aloha." "Aloha." Mom said and I smiled one last time before quickly leaving because it was hard to talk to Mom without letting something slip. I went back home and put my laundry in to wash before I had my shower. Then I went to make something to eat for myself, along with a salad for Mom, Dad and me for tomorrow's lunch. I thought more about it and made up a salad for Kekipi and Billie too. I needed to talk to them big time. I ate my food, made sure the kitchen was clean before I went upstairs to while away some time before Mom and Dad got back from the Diner. I took the time to send an e-mail to Magda so she'd have my address to give to Brah as promised and I caught up with my friends. They couldn't believe I'd been off the grid for