Disclaimer: Twilight is the property of Stephenie Meyer, my OCs belong to me. Summary: Magda Anna Black is the great granddaughter of Jake and Nessie. Like most hybrid wolves she has formed an alpha bond with six of her friends. Since forming a pack Mags and her pack have wanted to strike out on their own, exporting Quileute protection to other places. After an ill-fated attempt to join with Jane and the vampire guard in Wyoming Mags is looking closer to home. In Washington State, on the opposite side of the Olympics to La Push, is the foster home of Northern Heights where unwanted or mistreated dhampir are raised and schooled until they can face the human world alone. These are innocents who could use Quileute protection. Now Mags must find accommodation for her pack along with jobs in the nearby town of Olympic Pines that will be flexible enough in case of emergencies. Once settled can Mags and her pack of she-wolves live up to the reputation of Quileute Warriors through the ages? I'd like to dedicate this first chapter to Alphabloodwolf for helping me with the title. Magda It was nearing eleven as I drew near the turning for Olympic Pines, Washington State. It had been nearly two weeks since I'd seen my imprint Zeke and despite talking to him everyday, it wasn't in person and I missed that physical contact. "Not long now." Amber said from the seat next to me. Amber's the youngest of my pack and like me hadn't long found her imprint, and like me too, she hadn't seen him in two weeks. Unlike me she hadn't had much contact with him since her imprint, Brah was a newly rescued farmed dhampir and hadn't quite got the hang of communication technology yet. "Nope." I agreed. "I can almost feel him now. Is that like you and Zeke?" She asked excitedly. "Yeah." I confirmed. "It's like the pack call, only greater." "Yeah." Amber said with a nod. "You think they know yet?" "I haven't told them. Like I said back in Wyoming, I'll leave that up to you. But they won't pity you for not being able to see him you know?" Amber shrugged. "Well it shouldn't be long, hopefully we can sort something within the next two weeks, no longer than a month. I had hoped to get here sooner." I babbled a bit. "We had to run." Amber said sadly. "That we did." I agreed. "But I guess not having seen them in two weeks will make the reunion even sweeter." "Yeah." Amber agreed. "Too bad it's eleven on a Friday, Zeke will be teaching right now." "Well we need to unpack at Tregarran anyway, and with the possibility that Gramps will be making us lunch I think we can hold off a little longer on seeing the boys." "That's a good point. And maybe freshening up a little won't hurt. I know the journey here from La Push is just about two hours, but a little freshen up never hurts." "True." I agreed and tried not to sound like I was finding her fluster cute. Despite being sixteen this was the first time she'd had a serious boyfriend. Partly because she's shy but also because of the worry all us wolves have before we meet our imprint. I pulled onto Olympic Drive, the road my grandparents lived on, that's who we were staying with since Zeke and Brah lived at the foster home. We were within comfortable running distance, well for us wolves it was a comfortable distance, from their home. A minuet later I was pulling onto the drive of Tregarran Hall, the name of my grandparents' house. The drive was long and winding between pine trees and it was only when you came out at the end that the castle like manor house came into view. "We're here." Amber said excitedly as I drove around the back of the house to the big basement level garage. The garage door opened as we got near it and I knew it was Gran. She'd sensed our minds as soon as we were within a few miles of Tregarran. I pulled in, found that my usual spot was empty and parked up. Me and Amber grabbed our bags and made our way up the steps to the ground floor because I could sense Gran was up in the informal sitting room. I led Amber there since she'd only been to Tregarran twice and it was a big house. Visitors had got lost in the past. "Mags, so good to see you." Gran said, greeting me with a hug before moving on to Amber. "And you too Amber. Did you have good journey?" "Yeah." I replied. "Hardly any traffic." "Glad to hear." Gran said as the three of us sat down. "What plans do you have for the weekend?" "Spend as much time with our imprints as possible." I replied. "Well if you get bored of that you can always come running with me." Gran joked. "We'll bear it in mind." I said with a smile. "I let you both get settled in now. Tobias prepared the two rooms nearest the south staircase. I guess you two can decide which ones you want." Gran said with a shrug. "Ok." I said as I got to my feet. "Coming Amb?" "Sure." She said, and got up too. "Lunch should be ready at noon." Gran said. "We'll be back down by then." I promised. With that I led Amber through to the dining room so we could use the south staircase to get to the first floor. "I always feel like I'm in a castle when I come here." Amber whispered as we reached the last spiral before we reached the landing for the first floor. "I know. I was born here and I feel that way too. I used to come over every day before we moved to the Res and even then I felt like a princess coming to a castle." "That must have been something." Amber sighed as we stepped out into the south corridor of the first floor. "Take your pick." I said, indicating the two closest doors. "I get to choose?" Amber asked in astonishment. "You're the guest." I said. "You can look inside if you want to." "Um, is it ok if I have this room so I'm not right next to the stairs?" She asked timidly. "Of course." I said and opened the door to show her inside. "Just do whatever you need to make this feel more comfortable, and of course every room has an adjoining bathroom." I went to open the door to show her inside. "All this just for me?" She asked in astonishment. "Yeah." I confirmed. "I'm gonna feel like a princess." She said in an excited whisper. "Well wait till I show you the tower room at the Stables." I said and nudged her. "Tower room?" She exclaimed before looking at me with awe. "You had a tower room?" "What can I say? I'm a spoilt brat." I quipped, throwing in a shrug for good measure. "You're not." Amber said carefully. "That's my girl." I said, hugging her with one arm. "Does well to butter up your Alpha." Amber blushed as she ducked her head. "Anyway, I'll be next door if you need me, if not I'll call on you at five-to so we can make our way down for lunch. Gramps thrives on punctuality." Amber nodded, looking a little scared. "You've met him before. You know he's ok." I said. Amber nodded in agreement. "See you later." I said, and tapped her shoulder before I left her room and headed to the one next door. I didn't bother unpacking; I only had a few overnight things since we were only staying the weekend. Instead I lay down on the bed and let my body relax. Then keeping my breathing steady I let myself rise out of my body. This was something us vampire-wolf hybrids could do. The one's descended from the Black line like me were usually more gifted, although I am a lot better than my sisters, Lydia and Astrid, but recently my baby brother Loki seemed to be gaining. I didn't know if it was down to him getting older, or that our cousin Addie was affecting him somehow now he was phasing too. I think us Black wolves were more gifted with the mind stuff because it was already in our lineage, the part that came from our vampire Cullen line. My great-great grandfather Edward is a gifted telepath, only the mind reading, and my great-grandmother Nessie can send thoughts. Since my Grandma Essie, we've been able to do both. It is thought that because the Quileute are telepathic in our wolf forms so we can communicate with each other, it carries over into our human form, only us Black wolves are much more talented than the Falgo wolves. There is another line of Fangs, as we're known on the Res, and they have telepathy too. What I was about to do was mostly to do with my Quileute heritage, although being part uber telepathic vampire didn't hurt any. Back before Taha-Aki and the wolf, all Quileute warriors could do this, spirit walk. It was an art lost to our people, but my Grandma Essie rediscovered it when she was the only Fang, or uncertainty as she called herself. Gran had taught me not long after I started phasing when it was clear I was gonna be powerful. Better I know how to do it willingly than it happen when I was panicked. I relaxed into the bed and let myself drift from my body. Before me I could see pulsating streams of colour snaking off from me in all directions. I knew these were all the minds I had ever connected to. The more prominent the closer I was to those people. The most prominent and biggest stream I knew belonged to Zeke. He is my imprint after all. I dipped into the stream and felt myself drawn along it all the way to Northern Heights, the house owned by my Auntie Prue and her husband Tibbi, which they turned into a foster home for dhampir. He was in a sectioned off part of the enormous conservatory that let in a lot of natural light. There was about twenty dhampir sat around at the tables, including Brah, and Zeke was placing 3D shapes on each table, describing light and shade as he went, that was the lesson for the day. I kinda tuned out of what he was saying as I just watched him instead as he moved around. The light that filtered through the glass of the conservatory causing ripples of gold highlights across his dirty blond hair that he was starting to grow out again. It had grown two inches in the past two weeks, a normal thing for dhampir, but last time we were together it had been brow length, now I couldn't wait to really run my fingers through it to see if it felt as soft as it looked. I got a good look of his dark blue eyes too, flashing with that enthusiasm he always got when he got onto the subject of art. It was one of the reasons I got into drawing big time as a kid. I wanted to be just like my cool friend Zeke. Now he was all mine and I couldn't wait to be with him again. Unfortunately spirit walking is a big drain on the energy stores, worse still my vamp energy stores. I had to return to my body before I really drained myself, and risk wanting to sink my teeth into Amber since she was the nearest wolf blood. I checked the bedside clock. It was quarter to twelve. I got up off the bed and went to wash before lunch. That was always