Disclaimer: Twilight is the property of Stephenie Meyer This was supposed to be up yesterday to mark five years since I posted the first chapter of Uncertainty, but real life decided to cut into my writing time. Anyway, it's finished now, just a little something with Essie I thought would be fun. This is dedicated to all my readers, especially those who have been with me for the five years. I guess a small summery is in order; when Jane requests Essie's immediate attendance, what could possibly be in store down on the Ranch… Essie It was early October and the weather was beginning to turn from warm and wet, to cold, wet and windy. I lay in bed, my head on Tobias' chest listening to his steady breathing as we listened to the raging storm outside. "Do you think Billie will be ok out there?" I asked, feeling worried. "We have this discussion every time there is a storm, and you worry yourself silly all night only to find that Billie has slept soundly and paid no heed to the storm." He replied, stroking his cool hand up and down my arm, leaving tingling heat trails in its wake. "I guess you're right." I conceded, playing with the tips of his curly hair absentmindedly. "I just can't help worrying about her out there. I know she's not that far away, but…" "I know my love." Tobias said softly and placed his hand to my cheek for a moment while he bent his head down to kiss my hair. "And nobody can blame you for your worry, but we have to accept that our little Billie has grown up." "Well she likes to think she's grown up." I grumbled. "Now Miss Esther, are you really going to be so clingy simply because it makes you feel old?" He teased. "Old Fang Boy?" I demanded, sitting up and putting my hands on my hips. "Do I look old to you?" He gave me a mischievous smile before his gold eyes travelled over every inch of my naked body. It always made me shivery to know that he still found me attractive even after thirty-two years of marriage and knowing each other for almost fifty years. God, half a century, that was a scary thought, we would so have to celebrate that, it was a more important anniversary than our wedding really. We'd gone through a lot in our time together and really it was a celebration that we were both still here and fully cognisant, although things had been touch and go at points. Tobias reached out and ran his fingers from my throat right down my cleavage, over my stomach, down below my caesarean scar, down further until his fingers were inside me and I gasped slightly. Then moaned a little as he moved them. "Not at all." He said as he kneeled up, still moving his fingers as he kissed me. I wrapped an arm around him as I reached down to stroke his length, feeling it grow and harden in my hand. We deepened the kiss as Tobias removed his fingers and after a little realigning he thrust into me. Well I won't bore you with details, it was as good as always, there had never been a time in all our years together that sex had been a dud. Well due to various things there had been dry periods, but when we did make love it was always great. It was even better now that Carlisle had developed a contraception that stopped my wolf body ovulate on cue. No more aftermath, just wonderful sweet loving and hazy afterglows. It was in the afterglow that I lay in his arms again, entwining my fingers with his. He was tracing his fingers up and down my back, and I smiled happily knowing we could stay like this all night if we wanted. "Can you believe though, at the end of this month I'll be sixty-five?" I mused. "Ye gods! You are catching up with me you old crone." Tobias joked as he nuzzled at my throat. I giggled. "I'm not ancient yet old man." I replied. "I just can't believe I'll be sixty-five." "It is a mile stone is it not?" He asked. "Well yeah." I agreed. "A birthday worth celebrating more than others." He continued. "Let me guess, you want to throw me a party?" I asked, cutting to the chase. "Yes. Would it not be most fitting to mark sixty five years of you being on this planet, and with Vela now living in La Push she may attend with Malachite and the children for once." H replied. "It would be nice to have Liza and the kids here for Halloween." I observed. "Not Halloween, your birthday." Tobias corrected. "Fine my birthday." I grumbled. "We could invite your friends, there is still enough time to arrange flights and such." He commented. "It would be cool to see Susie again, and having her here with Sammie and Harry, it'll be just like old times." I mused. "Yes." Tobias agreed. "Maybe a party wouldn't be so bad then. And all the kids could come, Mom, Dad and Hunter. Yeah." I mumbled as I began to drift to sleep. Tobias held me all the while, stroking my arm and hair. I was comfy cosy, drifting into a wonderful sleep, drawing Tobias into the dream with me. I was close to slipping onto the dreamscape when I heard her call out with her mind. Mom? Mom, can you hear me? She called. Billie? What's wrong? I asked, sitting up. Tobias sat up too, he couldn't hear Billie, but he could tell from my body language that something was up. I think I can hear someone in the grounds. She replied. Ok. Stay put in your apartment. Me and Tobias will check it out. I told her before cluing Tobias in on what was happening. He was out of bed immediately, pulling on his shirt and pants. I didn't bother with clothes, I slipped down stairs as fast as I could and waited until I was outside to phase. Tobias was at my side the whole way. Out in the yard we split up to scout a wider area, using my telepathy for radio. They're right by my apartment. Billie informed me and I felt her intention. Don't even think about it! I ordered, but she was already outside and closing in on the vampire. I spun around and bounded back the way I came, knowing I wouldn't intercept Billie before she caught up with the vampire. I reached the little area of clearing where Billie was grappling with a vampire; Tobias reached there at exactly the same time. We went to leap in to help Billie, but then she had the upper hand, sitting on the vampire's back with her hands to its cheeks as she pushed, well it turned out to be her, face into the ground. It was clear Billie was using her power to drain the vampire's strength to get her down on the floor. I recognised the vampire's mind. It's ok Bills, it's Rea. I informed her. "Rea?" Billie said. Rea's reply was muffled, but it was full on swearing going on in her mind. You might want to get off her and get behind me quickly. I warned Billie, knowing that Rea was in a fowl mood, she hated to get beat, especially by a half vamp. Billie let go quickly, stood up and got behind me and Tobias. I was on alert as Rea got to her feet, but instead of flying into a rage, she just dusted herself off and turned to us. "Not bad kiddo, but next time don't hesitate none. If'n I'd been a carnie you'd be dead now." She said as she straightened out her military great coat. "No." Billie replied. "I had you pinned, I would have drained you completely in another second." "Well all you need is a little ingenuity to combine fighting with your draining skills. You'd be formidable to most of the carnie lot. Sure could use someone like you on my team." Rea said, giving Billie a thoughtful look. I phased back quickly, not caring that I was naked. "No way." I said. "She's too young." "Well, when Mummy thinks you're grown up give me a call." Rea said with a wink before looking me over. "Like what you see?" I asked, unfazed. "Oh yeah, pretty good love, just shame old Tobias there has claims on you or else you'd have no immunity to my advances." She purred. "Was there a reason you happened upon our house in the middle of the night?" Tobias asked, sounding unimpressed by Rea's posturing. "Yeah, I came here on orders from Jane. She wants to see you at the Ranch ASAP, got a favour to ask you." She said, nodding her head toward me. "And she couldn't use the phone?" I asked irritably. "Well she wants to ask you something secret like, didn't even tell me what it's about for fear of speaking aloud, she needs a telepath and you're the best in the business." Rea explained. "Does it really have to be me?" I asked warily. "Oh come on Wolf Child, you always have fun when you come down the Ranch, and you get to ride in Jane's jet." She said enticingly. "And Tobias and Billie are more than welcome." "Why don't you come on into the house and we can discuss this first before giving you our answer." I suggested. "There's no rush." She said with a shrug. "This way please." Tobias said with a slight bow and we all went back to the house. Tobias led Rea to the rec room while I went to throw on shorts and t-shirt. I met up with Tobias and Billie in the library. "Did you see how I took her down?" Billie asked excitedly. "I took down Lieutenant 'most badass fighter of the Coalition Guard' Rea!" "You did, but don't go getting cocky." I said slumping down into my favourite chair. "You have to be able to kill the vamp you take down or else they'll come back after you." "I know that Mom." Billie said, rolling her eyes as she dropped into the chair opposite. "And I would have taken care of Rea if she'd turned out to be foe. Anyway, you being here, all I needed to do was keep the vamp down until you got there to finish them." "I guess you have a point." I conceded. "However we will not always be there." Tobias added. "And if I ever run into a hostile vamp on my own I'll finish them off. As long as they don't know about my power in advance they're not gonna expect it are they?" She demanded. "That is true precious one, but I would rather you not go looking for trouble. Mother and I had the situation under control, we would have tracked Rea without your pouncing on her." Tobias said in soothing tones. "I know Dad, but…she was there, right there, and I had the perfect target. How could I not help?" Billie asked. "It's over with now." I said, to stop this conversation dead, Tobias was thinking up a load of arguments in his head and I wasn't in the mood for a fight. "Yes." Tobias said, sensing my mood. "We got more important things to discuss." "We have." Tobias agreed. "So Baby, you fancy a vacation at the Ranch?" I asked. "Well it's not like I have a job anymore." She said glumly. She had been helping her friend Devon in school, as a classroom assistant, but his new therapist had changed the rules and when Devon went back for the start of his senior year she wasn't welcome. It was time Devon had the training wheels removed from his conversations, Billie was the training wheels. It wasn't