Disclaimer: Twilight is the property of Stephenie Meyer Dedication: Normally I don't dedicate opening chapters to anyone but this time I will make an exception to give a big thanks to Alphabloodwolf who helped me on the title of this story because the one I had in mind was just, well crap. Description: Tony Black is Quileute wolf that grew up away from the La Push Reservation where the wolves usually run. Now he's moving there, with his wife Grace and their daughter Magda in the hope of taking over the alpha reins from his uncle Hunter. However there are some in the pack who think he doesn't deserve to lead them because he has never really run with the packs and hasn't spent more than a month on the Res at a time. Can Tony convince them he has what it takes to lead them, or will he forever face hostility when the prodigal wolf returns… It was late August and only eight in the evening, but my wife Grace had pointed out that if we made sure everything was packed in the car then we could catch an hour nap before we had to rush off to the airport. That was the trouble with the red eye; you had to leave at silly o'clock. I carried our cases down to the hall, putting them there for a moment so Grace could run an inventory once more. It was our first transatlantic flight together and the plane ride ever for our little girl Magda. As I placed the bags down on the floor I sensed Magda behind me and I turned to find her dragging a bright pink suitcase down the stairs. "Want me to get it Mags?" I asked going to help her before she damaged the banister. "I'm ok Daddy." She said and put the suitcase next to Grace's and mine. "What's that you got there?" I asked. "I packed my case all on my own." She said proudly. "I thought it would help Mommy out when she was doing yours." "You're my considerate big girl." Grace said as she came down the stairs and lifted Magda into her arms. "What did you pack?" "Everything I would need for a week at Auntie Liza's farm." Magda replied. "You're a very clever girl." Grace replied as she crouched down next to the case. "Want to show me what you packed?" "Ok." Magda said with a grin as she laid the case down and zipped it open, it was full of toys and books. "See. Everything I need." "Indeed." Grace replied, trying not to laugh. "Can I make a suggestion?" "Ok Mommy." Magda agreed with a nod. "Well Auntie Liza has a pool now, but you haven't got a swimming costume." She observed. "No." Magda said with a frown. "And what about clothes?" "I'll need those too." Magda realised. "Shall we go and pack your bag together while Daddy puts the other cases in the car?" Grace asked. Magda nodded again and her pigtails bounced. Grace zipped Magda's case back up before carrying it upstairs Magda holding her hand all the way. I took the other cases out to the car and began arranging them in the trunk. I thought about how I wouldn't have this problem if we just took my truck but it only sat three and Uncle Masen was driving us to the airport so we wouldn't have to pay a parking fee. I didn't want to trust my truck to strangers anyway; she was old and deserved respect. When I got back in the house I could hear Grace and Magda discussing the case. "But Mommy I need to take little Ted to keep Salina company, and if Salina and Ted goes then Big Bear Balthazar has to come too as well as Bryony and Bridgett or it's just not fair. I can't take one and not the others." Magda was explaining. "In that case, it's better you leave them all here. I'll ask Lilly to baby sit them for you." Grace suggested. "But then Oggy will play with them and he won't play with them right because he's a boy and he said he was going to pull Salina's head off." Magda complained. "When did he say that?" Grace asked in concern. "Ages ago when we were babies." Magda said with a shrug. "How about we ask Auntie Prue to baby sit?" Grace replied. "She has that new baby to look after." Magda countered. "Well I'm sure Uncle Tibbi and Zeke would help her." Grace observed. Magda pouted for a moment, then brightened up. "Zeke will look after them good." She declared. "Can I ask him now Mommy?" What shall we do? Grace thought toward me and I carefully made sure Magda couldn't hear us with the telepathy she'd inherited off me. I'll take her over to Northern Heights while you pack her bag? I suggested. Good plan. Grace agreed. "Shall we go over now Mags?" I asked. "It'll save time." "Ok." She said. "I'll just get their bag together so Zeke has everything he needs to look after them." She was quick grabbing her backpack and filling it full of dolls clothes and her plastic tea set along with some plastic food. "It wouldn't be right to expect Zeke to pay for their food too." She said, then thought about something before she went digging in her toy box and pulled out a plastic cash register. She pushed the button to open the drawer and pulled out the play money and stuffed it in the front pocket of the backpack. "In case he needs to buy anything for them." "Very thoughtful." I observed. Magda picked up her three dolls and two teddies, hugging them to her chest before looking at me expectantly. "We won't be long." I promised Grace as I picked Magda up and carried her downstairs. I didn't bother driving, instead I made sure Magda was comfortable in my arms before running the little woodland path that connected our house to the one owned by Grace's sister Prue. It was five miles between properties but that was nothing to my vamp-wolf physiology and we got there in a couple of minuets. Magda was giggling happily because she liked going so fast. It ran in the family, we were all speed junkies. I called ahead with my mind to let Prue and Tibbi know I was coming up to the back of the house. Tibbi was protective of Prue and the handful of dhampir they now fostered. He wouldn't think twice about attacking anyone who caught him by surprise. But I didn't blame him, their foster kids were vulnerable, they'd already been through too much and they shouldn't get spooked. Prue was waiting by the backdoor when we arrived and there was a little girl sitting on her hip. She looked about nine months, but she was a half vamp so it meant she was very young, maybe only a week or two old. "Hey Mags, what brings you here tonight?" Prue asked. "I came to ask Zeke if he would do me a favour." Magda replied as I carried her into the house. "He's up in his room." Prue said, indicating with her head so I carried Magda through the house and up to Zeke's room. Zeke was the first half vamp Prue and Tibbi had adopted. He'd been with them a year now and he definitely seemed part of the family. He was six months younger than my sister Billie, but in half vamp terms that was at least a year, maybe two. I thought he was catching up to her lately though. He could definitely pass for a fifteen year old now, and maybe they could pretend he was sixteen by the time school came around in September and he could join as a sophomore with Billie instead of going in the deep end on his own as a freshman. I knocked on the door even though it was open just to let Zeke know he had visitors. He looked up from his drawing table, his dirty blond hair falling in his eyes because he'd suddenly decided that Masen's hair looked cool and wanted it long like his, and smiled in greeting but didn't say anything. He was shy, and rarely spoke and I didn't push him, I'd been crippled by shyness as a kid so I knew how much effort even that smile took. I stepped into the room and put Magda on the floor. She dropped her toys and bounded over to Zeke, jumping up to wrap her arms about him in tight enough hug to suffocate a human. Zeke, I need your help. She thought as she carried on hugging him taking advantage of the fact that I wouldn't encourage her to use her words out loud. With what? Zeke replied, taking advantage of Magda's telepathy because he had a hang up about making noise thanks to the bastards that had dragged him into slavery from the day he was born. I'm going to visit Auntie Liza's farm but there won't be room on the plane for everyone. Can you look after my babies for me until I get back? She asked. Of course little cousin. Zeke replied fondly. Where are they? Over here. Magda said, taking his hand and leading him to her toys. There's a lot of them. Zeke observed. They'll need a house. Magda nodded. Zeke smiled and ruffled her hair between her pigtails before he went to get a storage box off his shelves. He removed the papers that were inside and put them on the shelf before bringing the box over to Magda and he sat down cross-legged before putting the dolls and teddies in one by one, allowing Magda to say goodbye to each one. Once they were all in Zeke put the lid on the box but Magda looked at it sadly. It's a good box. She thought. But it's not really a house. Zeke thought for a moment before shooting to his feet and he took a magic marker from his drawing table and quickly sketched a door and windows on to the front of the box. Is that better? He asked. Yes. Magda replied. It's a good house for them now. Zeke smiled as he put the pen back on his table. "Are you ready to go now Mags?" I asked. "Yes Daddy." Magda said. "Thank you Zeke, you're a very kind boy." "You're welcome." Zeke replied in one of the rare instances he actually used his voice around Magda. "I'll send you a postcard." She promised. "With sheep on." "Thank you." Zeke replied with a wide grin. Magda nodded before she turned to leave, then stopped dead before turning back to Zeke. "I almost forgot." She said, taking the bag from her back. "This has everything my babies will need." Zeke nodded and he placed it next to his chair. "There's money in there too if you need to buy anything for them." It won't be necessary. Zeke assured her. Well if you need it it's there . Magda replied. I'll send you a postcard and bring you back a gift. I promise. I will see you in a week cousin. Zeke said, trying to wind things up because he knew we had to go. "Bye Zeke." I said, taking advantage of his words, before I took Magda's hand and led her down the stairs. Prue was playing peek-a-boo with the little black half vamp baby who was giggling her head off every time Prue appeared from behind her hands. "What's her name?" I asked. "Moesha." Prue replied. "She didn't have a name when she was found and Tibbi liked the name." For some reason Jane is convinced Tibbi's mom was called that but she has no idea why. Something to do with some memory the Fire Twins took from her. I don't really know. "You'll