Disclaimer: Twilight is the property of Stephenie Meyer, my OCs belong to me. Summary: Addie and Leda decided that when they grew up they would be in a band. Soon Addie's cousin Loki was added to the mix and a while after that Robyn made up the fourth member of The Eternal Freak Show. Now with years of practice to hone their skills they're old enough to start gigging. Basically this is a follow up to Addie & Robyn, and Loki & Leda, after the events of Family business. Addie I stood under the cover of the Wyoming car park, happy for that bit of shade. The day was already shaping up to be a hot one and I could do without the baking. I wish Gran and Gramps would hurry up, I thought to myself. I mean Seren and Rupert were already on the road, had been for half hour and I was still here with my bags. I bet they would have dropped me at Olympic Pines if I asked them. Finally I felt Gran's mind heading in my direction and I sighed with relief as I lifted my bag up off the floor. I'd soon be in the car and heading back to Olympic Pines where I could hopefully spend some time with Robyn, of course that depended on if her mam was still being difficult. Dove had flipped out when she found out I imprinted on her, but mostly with Robyn because she thought she was leading me astray. Gramps was with Gran of course, but Mam and Dad were with them too. I looked to the door a second before the four of them came out together. Mam came up to me and hugged me tightly around my waist. It was the highest she could comfortably hug me since I had my growth spurt. "Are you sure you do not wish to travel with Dad and I?" She asked. "I need to go back to Tregarran to meat up with the wolves." I said. "I'll come home with them." "Are you quite certain?" "Come on Eliza, he's sure." Dad said as he put a hand on Mam's shoulder before he lowered his mouth to Mam's ear and in a stage whisper said, "I think it's more that he wants to see Robyn sooner." "Of course." Mam said before she looked back up at me. "Very well, I understand. However, should you go to see Robyn, please do not antagonise Dove. It would be detrimental to you both should she become angered enough to place Robyn in a school in California." "You think that's likely?" I asked, feeling worried. After all, Mam and Dove had been good friends in college, if this was a possibility Mam would know. "I hope not, but Dove can be impulsive at times and make rash decisions without thinking through the consequences." "Don't worry, I'll announce myself before I go over." I promised. "It's for your sake not mine that I caution this." Mam said firmly before she stepped away from me. "I know." I said. "And I'll ring you once we're at Tregarran and just before I'm heading back to the Res." "Then I will see you in a few days." Mam said solemnly. I kissed her cheek, gave Dad a brief hug then climbed into the back of Gran's escalade. Gran and Gramps said their goodbyes to Mam and Dad before they got in too. Gran was driving while it was light, but I knew Gramps would take over when it got dark so she could sleep. I offered to do my share of the driving, but Gran turned me down and said I deserved a rest. I guess it wouldn't be so bad watching the road and at least I had room to stretch out my legs with the whole back seat to myself. The journey went by without a hitch and I even got a full sleep with the back seat to myself. Apparently Gran and Gramps even stopped off during the night for a toilet break, but I was none the wiser. I just slept through until six in the morning when we were about twenty miles from Olympic Pines. "Good morning sleeping beauty." Gran said as she grinned at me through the gap in the seats. "I can't believe I actually slept in the car." I said as I sat up and stretched out my limbs. "You have missed a lot of sleep recently." Gran said. I nodded. I had. "I take it you will be straight over to visit Robyn once we arrive home?" Gramps asked. "No. It's still early. I should eat first, and maybe shower then phone Dove at a descent hour to let her know I'm coming over." I replied. "That's probably for the best." Gran said with a smile. "I'm looking forward to breakfast too. Then a good sleep. Then we'll have to think about how to get you and the rest of the wolves home." "Yeah." I agreed. "How are you holding up?" Gran asked as she climbed through the seats and sat in the back with me. "Ok." I said. "You know you did real good?" "Yeah." I said, looking down at my knees. "I'm sorry you had to see such a bad scene." She said and hugged me. "If I could have stopped you from seeing what happened to Drogo…" "None of us knew." I said and hugged her back. "How could we?" "I should have known. I should have sensed him." Gran said sadly. "Then I should of." I said simply. "We might be telepaths but our minds are not always out there and we was worried about Billie anyway. We didn't even know Drogo was there." "I did." Gran said dropping her head. "I knew he was there and the reason Rea suspected something was up with Billie was because he hadn't called in." "Gran, Billie is your daughter, of course you'd worry about her first. And even if we did go to Drogo first what would it have meant? That we got him down a few hours earlier? All the damage was done before they stapled him to the wall and at least you got to take out Jules. He was on the kill list, right?" Gran nodded. "If we'd gone for Drogo first, you wouldn't have gone after Billie so soon and then you might of ended up being too late to stop Jules or even met up with the rest of them in Mexico on time." I said. "And I still would have seen him…" I trailed off and squeezed my eyes on the memory. "Oh god!" Gran gasped. "He's safe now so there's no need to fret." I said as I tapped her shoulder. "I just don't think about it and I'm ok." Gran sighed deeply before she hugged me tightly. As long as you're sure. She said telepathically toward me. I am. I replied. Besides, I'll have school and band stuff to occupy me soon I won't even have time to think about anything else. Throw yourself into your work? Good idea. Gran thought as she smiled at me. I smiled back and then I grinned as I felt the sudden reconnection in my mind to Robyn. She probably wouldn't feel it yet, but now we were only a few miles from each other I could feel her again and it made me feel instantly better. I hadn't realised I had that worry, I'd been too on edge over other things and she was pretty safe here, but now I knew she was safe I knew I'd also been anxious about her. I had to see her as soon as… No. I had to wait until it was a little later so I didn't antagonise Dove. Well maybe I could call Simon first, he could talk her round I was sure. Or at least stop her taking Robyn away from me. What was a decent time to call? "Anytime after nine I shouldn't wonder." Grandpa said. "Oops! Am I projecting?" I asked, feeling embarrassed. "Just a little." Grandpa said. "But don't worry. I know it's just cause your worried." Gran said, and tapped my shoulder. "Used to happen to me all the time when I was your age and we shouldn't forget that you're more like me than any of the others." "We didn't get to practice our telepathic abilities from birth?" I joked. "There's that." Gran said with a grin. "But also, there's being more powerful. Mags has always been the most powerful out of my grandchildren, but you've caught up with her since you started phasing." "I have?" I asked, shocked. Gran nodded. "Wait. That means I'm more powerful than Loki." I said with a grin. "I thought you boys had set your rivalry aside years ago." Grandpa said, glancing at me in the rear view mirror. "We don't get so agro, but a bit of healthy teasing every now and then don't hurt." I said with a shrug. "But he's taller and stronger than me so it's swings and roundabouts." "Yeah." Gran agreed then looked out the window and sighed happily. "Almost home." She said as we started up the drive for Tregarran. "I can't wait for something to eat and then a shower." I said, nodding my head. "And to sleep in my own bed." Gran said with a stretch and a smile. "Though first up I need to check my email to see if Billie's landed ok. She better be in contact now she can or we'll be taking another trip to Hawaii Fang Boy." "Perhaps this time we can make a vacation of it." Gramps said as he rounded the house for the garage. "Damn sure." Gran replied. Gramps pulled into the garage and we all climbed out of the car. "I think I'll go shower first." I said. "Yes. It will give me time to prepare a spectacular breakfast." Gramps announced. "I'll come help." Gran said as she kissed him. "Will half hour be enough time?" I asked. "Make it an hour to give you enough time to complete your ablutions to the standard you prefer." Gramps said and tapped my arm. "Besides, it will give me time to make breakfast spectacular." "Ok." I said with a shrug, figuring that Gran and Gramps wanted a little alone time now they were back home and everyone was safe. "See you both later." I went up the steps to the ground floor directly from the garage then made my way upstairs. A shower would be nice and after some breakfast I could think about ringing Dove and asking if I could see Robyn. Leda I looked up at my boyfriend Loki as he pulled at the collar of his shirt, it was rare that he dressed formally, but he felt the need this morning. Ideally we should already be on the road putting much distance between the Ranch and ourselves. Truth be told I had my fill of the VCAC HQ for this year and would be glad to return to normal life. I knew Loki shared my want to be heading north, perhaps not straight home, if time was on our side we would make a stop over at Tregarran on the way home, but before we could leave Auntie Jane had requested a visit from us. The both of us as a couple and I had never known Loki to be so self-conscious, of course I had never seen Loki when dealing with something so daunting as meeting with the most powerful vampire in America when dating her niece. One he had only weeks before deflowered. I did not think for one minuet Auntie Jane would give Loki a hard time about being my lover, after all, it was I who had seduced him. Auntie Jane knew this because she thought we were much alike in personality, if one removed the centuries she