Welcome one and all! This is a rewrite of my old Seth/OC fix that was called Nightfall is Bliss. If you're joining me for the second round, don't worry, there's a lot of fun new stuff for you to enjoy! Prologue: Blank Space Anna Davenport "But you'll come back each time you leave 'Cause, darling, I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream." I could never have anticipated how well my plans would turn out. I had stolen away from my pathetic village and made a new life for myself. The life of a queen. To the people of Avalon, I was Queen Anemone, their beloved king's wife, and mother to the future leaders of Avalon. All seven of them. I'd never intended to be a mother to so many children. I didn't even particularly like children in my youth, but circumstances had showered the blessings upon me. No matter the tragedy. I let myself look over the balcony of my personal sitting chamber to gaze at a small number of my children playing in the grass below. They were so beautiful. Though I had considered her my daughter since the hour of her birth, raven haired Hollyhock wasn't mine by blood. Her mother, Avalien, a childhood friend I had once called Ava, died giving birth to her. Ava refused to give a name to her child's father, and my curiosity got the best of me. I took it upon myself to tell her family that Ava had named me guardian to her child, and had raised the girl as one of my own for the last sixteen years. Holly trailed after my oldest girl, who yelled back, "Hurry up! You're too slow!" Holly must have inherited her viper's tongue from her mysterious father, "I am not. You're an idiot." My youngest walked along a felled tree along the side of the clearing, "Act like ladies!" Holly lunged at her sister, and I smiled as I watched them tussle, passing the time like their brothers would. I was always grateful for my youngest's neutrality, even though it came at a terrible price. Little Geranium was eight years old, petite and pale. She was also a Healer, one of the most incredibly rare gifts that any in our land could possess. She wasn't Rowan, with the ability to harness animal senses and take that animals shape, but she was one of my greatest triumphs. Geranium was going to live on in history because of her ability and her status. Normally, I wouldn't have minded my daughters rough housing, but lately, Holly had been restless. Holly had always been so quiet, but now she would anger at the tiniest of things. Signs of a young Rowan nearing his or her Transition, which signaled the beginning of a bloodlust that would follow them for the rest of their lives and would help them find their Mate. My fingers fiddled with the pendant I wore even in sleep, which housed a lock of blonde hair. Strong arms wrapped around my waist and I smiled even before my husband spoke, "Is something the matter, my love?" I shook my head. "Non, I wouldn't seek to worry you, my King." He smiled against my shoulder, "My Queen, you mustn't keep secrets from your beloved Mate. Speak to me of what troubles you." I sighed, turning in his grasp to rest my hands flat on his muscled chest, "Some of the children are becoming restless." His eyebrows furrowed, "Which one?" A wry smile tugged at the corner of my lips, "Holly." He sighed, running a hand through his straight blond hair. "Oh dear. I always assumed she be the first girl, but I never thought she'd Transition before Nigel, he's nearly reached majority and he still hasn't Transitioned. What do you suggest we do? You are my best and brightest council member." I looked up into the silver eyes of the only man I'd ever wanted, "I don't know. Perhaps it's time to take them from here. It is tradition for them to live for a time among the people of the Earthly realm around the time they Transition." He sighed, messing with his hair again, "Are you certain, beloved? It seems rash to me. Holly is just the first. Should we not wait for some of the others?" I gazed out the window again. He had a point. The twins, Oliver and Lilly, were just barely a year older than Holly though. "Possibly, but you know that being close to someone who's Transitioning can set off others. Being there will slow it a bit. I don't think we can handle Holly and Lilly Transitioning at the same time." He chuckled, shaking his head, "I think you might be right, the two of them would tear us apart, both stubborn as mules. I have no idea where Lilly gets that from." I raised an eyebrow at his statement. Lilly certainly didn't get it from me. No other soul in our world knew the truth, but Lilly and Oliver weren't mine. They were related to Chrys though. He gasped dramatically, taking my expression in the only way he knew possible, "Are you insinuating that I'm where she gets that from? I'm appalled. You wound me with your words you beautifully wicked woman." The smile on my face was dark. He didn't know the half of me being wicked. I'd be dead if he did. It wouldn't matter that I was the mother of four of his children if he ever found out what I had done. "My apologies, my love. When should we leave?" "Today." He replied instantly, "Can you have the children readied by nightfall?" "I might. Depends on how unruly our clan is though." He grinned at me, but said nothing as I stretched up to kiss his lightly whiskered cheek. I preferred him clean shaven. He looked far too common like this. "I'll leave you to the official arrangements." I left him alone and went to gather the children. My eldest, Nigel, was easy to find. As usual he was in his chambers, but no noise escaped the room, so he was alone, a rather unusual occurrence. No doubt he was drafting a letter to one of his numerous paramours. I opened the door a tiny bit, "Nigel? Dear one, may I come in?" I heard his feet his the floor as he sprung off his bed like it was on fire. "Mother! Yes! Please...um, may I have a moment?" I could only imagine what he was doing that required a momentary pause before his own mother could enter his chambers. I watched through the cracked door as he shoved papers under his bed, and had to stifle a laugh, "May I enter your domain, my Prince?" He laughed and the sound shook my bones. He was a beautiful male. It was hard for me to believe that I had given birth to him. His brown eyes were identical to mine and his cheekbones were high and regal, like his father's, "You know you can. I just had to shove my... dirty laundry under the bed." "Laundry, of course." I let the last word drag out just to annoy him, "You need to pack. We are going to Earth." His brown eyes widened, "Really?" "Yes, get busy." He opened his mouth to speak, "No questions, Nigel. Pack." He nodded and shuffled towards one of his dressers. I was walking back down the hallway when two small bodies slammed into me from each side as I rounded a corner. "Mummy!" One yelled. "Where are we going?" The other rushed. I sighed, pulling both of my twelve-year-old identical twins off of my body, "What would make you think we're going anywhere? What were you doing?" Their blue eyes widened and their heads jerked to lock stares with their other half for a few seconds. They looked back at me and both grinned wildly, "What makes you think we were doing anything at all?" Their unison was unnerving, and I was their mother, "Ivy, Moss. Ladies don't lie." Ivy spoke first, "But Mum, we weren't lying," "we were just asking a question." Moss Rose finished smoothly. I clenched my jaw, "Mind your attitudes or I'll the both of you." They nodded solemnly. After all, all of my children were obedient, even the rebellious and defiant Holly bent to my will in the end. "We're going on a trip as a family. Do you need help or can you pack on your own? Where we're going it's rainy and cold." "We can do it on our own." In a flash of golden blonde hair, they were gone. Hopefully to their rooms. Lilly's twin was in his room, the door open already to reveal him asleep on his bed, a sketch pad resting on his chest, "Oliver." I called from a distance, but stepped closer to repeat myself, "Oliver!" He jumped into wakefullness, and rolled off his bed, making a dull thudding noise on the ancient wooden floor, "What the hell?!" "Oliver!" I chided. He blinked up at me, his gray eyes clouded with sleep, "Mum?" "Yes, Mum." I said dryly, "Oliver, dear, I don't need you or Lilly asking questions, I just need you two to pack up some things and be ready to leave before nightfall. I trust you can manage Lilly?" "Why?" I shot him a dark look, "No questions. You manage Lilly better than the rest of us combined." He laughed, his brown hair shaking around his ears, "I don't know, Mum, Gerry's gotten pretty good at keeping Lilly in line. She hurts me now, she's gotten too damn strong." "Just when did you get such a vial vocabulary?" I asked, pushing away the disappointment that followed me whenever I remembered that unlike his twin, Oliver was completely human. Gifted, but human. His face flushed, "Um... Well..." "You've been sneaking out of the castle, haven't you?" I knew he had been. The children didn't go anywhere without eyes on them reporting back to me. "Can I pack now?" He asked, eyes diverted to the floor. "Seems like the best use of your time. We'll speak later." I said briskly, exiting his filthy room. Gerry was racing up the stairs after her cat, but she stopped short when she saw me. I smiled at her, as sweetly as I could manage, "Sweetheart, go pack some things up, we're going to go on a little trip. Make sure Holly knows and tell her to pack as well." My youngest child looked up at me with her bright eyes that disturbingly had tears in them. She never cried, never, not even as an infant. I knelt beside her, "Darling, what's wrong?" Even though she was eight, Gerry only showed extreme emotions, a side effect to her being a Healer. In some corners of our world Healers were feared because they were cold and impartial with the rumored ability to bring back the dead. No one knew if that was true, however, because Gerry was the first Healer to live in centuries. "Something's wrong with Holly." "What are you talking about?" Gerry wiped away her tears, "She attacked Lilly. We were just playing, but I think she's going to hurt Lilly." My heart stopped beating in my chest, "Chrys!" I heard my mate's voice in my head, one of the joys of being Mated to him, "What's wrong, my dear one?" "It's Holly, outside in the yard." I felt my husband bolt from our chambers, "Gerry, tell the others not to go outside. Find Oliver and stay with him in his room. He'll be in pain if Lilly's hurt." "Don't let Holly or Lilly get hurt." She ordered. I kissed the top of her brown curl covered head, "I'll do my best, baby, I'll do my best." I ran in the opposite direction as my youngest and burst out the side yard doors, "Holly!" My adopted daughter's waist length black hair