Disclaimer: I don't own anything in this world. Not even this damn laptop I am writing this fanfic on. It belongs to my parents. And so does the Hunger Games Trilogy to Suzanne Collins. However I do tend to feel proud over the plot line which is mine thoroughly. A/N:- This fanfic is to celebrate the release of the Catching Fire Trailer and well, its 15th April here already but I guess it's going to release to US timings. Anyways, The Fire is Catching! Cheers! She meets him. Again. Or more like watches him. She considers it stalking but is it really that? Is it really stalking when you have instinctively developed a radar for someone and you notice them right away when the person is in the room? Or when you feel this impossibly strong urge to look at the person when you can't afford to spare them a glance? She does not know. All she knows is that she can't afford more than a look towards him. Despite all her riches this is one thing she can't have for herself. Being loved. So she just settles with a glance here and there. Capturing him in his different times. One time seeing him in his vest, moving around the town, probably looking for something to buy or sell, has her coming undone. He looks far beyond handsome. He looks impeccable so to say but just by the thoughts of it, Madge blushes a crimson red. She can't believe she has impure thoughts and that too for a Seam boy who is definitely off-limits for her. The other time she catches him in a shirt that is big on him even for his humongous stature and she wonders if it belongs to his father who was killed in the mines. It was reaping day and her first and she only had her nail to bite on, to distract her when she found him standing tall and proud amongst the 14 yr olds. And that was enough to get her through her first Reaping. And the ones to come. Ask what it takes. What it takes to turn someone's life upside down, to have someone sent to their death doors, to have someone's life change forever. Only on her fifth reaping did her life turn upside down. In a good and a bad way. For it was good to have your glances returned. Every once in a while she would find him looking at her and divert his glance away from her so quick that she would doubt that it did even happen. But too many coincidences and it makes up for an evidence. And it makes her feel as if her stomach is bubbling. Set ablaze by just a quick glance. And she looks forward to it now and then. In the viewings when she sits with her father and out of the corner of the sees him looking at her instead of the screen, it has her melting in a puddle. She knows not what to make of it but for her own sake she thinks he has a crush on her. And that lights up her day more than she could have thought. It is bad for she thinks it is at Katniss' cost. That he is paying attention just because Katniss isn't here. But she makes no big deal out of it. She takes what she can get. What little he offers. It surprises her past her belief when he comes to sell her strawberries seeing that he had stopped altogether after Katniss left for the Hunger Games. He smiles and it takes her even more by surprise but she tries to act impassive, like it's no biggie but he notices and leaves with just a curt nod refusing to accept her invitation into the house. After that he comes often. Staying just long enough to make up for a chit-chat and one day he shows up just without strawberries. She opens the door and finds him rather in a flannel shirt and faded jeans. It was a summer afternoon and the sweltering heat outside had her sweating by just poking her head out. She looks at him awkwardly standing in the doorway scratching his neck and smiles sweetly, offering him to come into her house. He does so without hesitation this time and she leads him into his bedroom. He is immediately startled upon by the huge dimensions of her bedroom, let alone the huge grand piano that sits in her bedroom. "That's weird," he muses when he figures that he has heard her play piano when he would come to sell her the strawberries, "I thought you had your piano in the room next to the back foyer?" "I used to," she's amazed at his admittance and becomes bashful at his confession and his eyes widen at the realization and looks away to inspect the piano than gauge her reaction, "We moved it a couple of days ago upstairs. I had to play and it hurt my mom so we had to bring it into my bedroom," he nods knowing the fact that her mom's bedroom happens to be on the ground floor. "Would you play something for me?" His request takes her by surprise and she immediately nods her head sliding onto the bench with him sitting right beside her. And it becomes a routine. He comes up every day, silently listens to her play, work her magic not knowing that its him its getting worked up. He returns home a little bit lighter, a little bit calmer and it only goes to raise more eyebrows. "I was out hunting," was his excuse every single time his absence was questioned and they let it all go because they didn't have it in them to stop him from enjoying what little calm he managed to acquire in these dire straits. It only goes out of hand, hell breaking lose when they share that kiss in the cave. His heart breaks and he feels his life tumbling out of his control both emotionally and physically and before he knows he is pounding on her back door. Luckily it's just her or her and her mom but her mom happens to be so submerged in the morphling that it's difficult to even count for her as a company. So for now, it's just her in the house. Gale, regardless of any fact, has her back pressed against the back wall of her house and without any warning captures her lips in his. She gasps slightly and her lips fit right into his and it has him groaning against her. It was just meant to be a distraction and nothing more but her soft lips were able to provide more than just a distraction. They were able to give him the reassurance that everything will be okay and that she will be there for him no matter what. She will be his solace, his secret as long as he wants. He takes his time, kissing her sweetly, savoring her taste all the while expecting her to vanish. His arm curl around her waist, tugging her closer so they share their body warmth along with their breaths in this chilly winter night. Guilt tugs his insides telling him to stop it, not to do it when his best friend and potential love interest is fighting for her life but he wraps up that feeling and stores it in some dark corner of his mind paying no attention to it at all. His curiosity gets the best of him and he pulls her bottom lip between hers to suck on it lightly and her moans has him sending his hands under her flowing dress, skimming her legs. She can't focus anywhere to begin with, not knowing where to rest her hands with Gale's rough and calloused hands running across her legs. She would rest it on his chest, crawling her way up to his neck and then to his face pulling him closer and closer. She smiles against his lips when he groans and skims her hand through his hair, pulling at the roots of it. As they went on tangling themselves more and more, feverishly kissing each other for some sort of resemblance at life, a soft click has them break apart and upon discovering her father's return she has him running back to the Seam with the promise to meet him in the woods the coming afternoon. She goes back to her bedroom making some sort of an excuse of wanting some fresh air and stays awake the entire night. She can't seem to sleep for whenever she closes her eyes, she expects Gale to lean in and kiss her feverishly, the way he did minutes ago. The ghost of his hand on her waist, rubbing circles has goosebumps fleshing the entire time on her skin. She gives up on the attempt and lies wide awake in her bed thinking of what they might end up doing tomorrow. Only that she isn't given any chance. He does not turn up at all. He regrets it, she knows. She knew it all along but decided against stopping him because even though it was a mere distraction for him she would take it all. Whatever he would throw her way. Am I mad? Am I masochist? Am I so pathetic that even when he did all of this to me and more that I would go back for more, expecting every time that he would just mend his ways and realise that I was the one meant to be with him? Yes, she thought. Yes I am, and she goes back to dressing herself for the banquet that was arranged at her house in honor of Katniss and Peeta. She expected Gale to be on the guest list, with him being her pretend cousin, but he does not show up. What did I expect? She finally sees him when she is on her way to meet Katniss. And not in an entirely pleasant way for she found both of them together. And the moment she sees him, it sends her heart crashing to the ground. What did she expect? That Gale would come to see her everyday, bring her flowers, shower her with love and end the day on a happy note by sealing it with a kiss? It's pathetic of her to expect that and she falls in her own eyes for that. She knew, she knew and yet she managed to fall for something that is very much out of her reach. And then she cries. Even though she knew that a heartbreak was inevitable when Gale Hawthorne was concerned, she didn't know that it would take all of her willpower to just stand impassive in front of him when they did come across each other. He wouldn't look her way. Why would he? She was a mistake. A mistake he plans to forget and it was pretty clear to her that she was not needed anymore. Anywhere. And that's her plan for the rest of her life. Stay out of everyone's lives whatever it takes and yet she can't fulfil that one promise. His grunt, the heavy murmurs and the heavy, dizzying scent of blood has her running to the center of the circle, only to see the worst of her nightmares come true. Her worst fear being brought to life. That someone she loves is being tortured. Tears blind her eyes but she manages to run back to her house without drawing much attention, wheezing heavily for air, rummaging through her mother's stash for morphling. A cough makes her divert her gaze and rest on her mother who is watching her daughter intently as she would search her cabinets. "Mom?" Her eyes swell with tears for she feels guilty. But at the same time she feels small because for the first time in years she feels