A/N: Anything that is clearly JK's is hers. Anything that isn't is probably mine, but who knows, I have read a lot of fanfics over the years so if I stole a bunny from you, let me know and I will give you credit if it is bothering you. Also someone reviewed and reminded me where I got the psionic level system from. It is from EV:Nova an Ambrosia shareware game from like 10 years ago. So if you see it sporadically throughout the story, that is where it is from. Harry slumped into his seat as the car pulled away from Kings Cross. He was not looking forward to the upcoming summer, and he couldn't see how his Aunt and Uncle could react in a positive manner to the warning they received from Moody and the gang. Sure enough a mile from the station Uncle Vernon began bellowing, "Who do those FREAKS think they are? Threatening us like that. You aren't worth the trouble boy, we should just leave you on the side of the road." Harry kept quiet, he didn't want to show up at Grimmauld Place and explain why he wasn't at home with his relatives. "What about that murdering godfather of yours? Why didn't he come to taunt us, still running from the law is he?" Harry winced as his fingernails began to puncture his palms. "With any luck Lord Voldywhatsit will kill all you freaks and we can live normal lives again." This was too much for Harry, he wasn't sure exactly what the power was that was building up inside of him but he began to yell at his Uncle, "You stupid insolent vile fat man! He won't stop with just wizards who oppose him; his goal is to enslave your kind. Better yet he wants to wipe all of you out and have wizards ruling the world. You will not be safe, nobody will be safe until he is stopped." His uncle spluttered and his aunt looked at him abashed, "If he ever came across and tried to kill one of us our army would shoot him dead. .50 caliber to the head and he'd be history." Said Vernon, in a manner that gave Harry the feeling that he thought the conversation was over. Harry began to laugh, he didn't know why it was so funny, but he laughed. He kept laughing for half a mile before Vernon pulled over and turned to grab him, shaking him violently. "You stupid muggle," he choked out, "any fifth year could block a sniper shot. And don't get me started on Nukes. When you fire the missile he'd just apparate to Siberia and start over there. You. Can't. Win." Vernon stopped shaking his nephew and got out of the car. He pulled open Harry's door and said "Out. Get out of my car, boy." Harry sat resolutely next to his cousin, "No." Big meaty hands closed on his shoulders and he was forcibly ripped from the car. "I don't want you in my home any longer, freak, I don't care what you do but you're no longer welcome with us." Harry frowned and looked at his Aunt, "Aunt Petunia you know what Dumbledore said." His aunt looked away from Harry and then down at her feet. "You can't kick me out Uncle Vernon." His uncle began to turn red, "The hell I can't!" he fumed, pulling Harry's trunk from the boot. Harry was feeling light headed, he didn't know what to do, "You can't!" he yelled, and with that outburst his entire world went white. When he woke up he wasn't sure how much time had passed. Looking around, he paled at what he found. The Dursley's car was ten feet in the air hanging halfway out of a building, Dudley and Petunia passed out inside. Vernon was crumpled against the same building some fifteen feet away still holding onto what was left of Harry's trunk. He reached down and picked up his invisibility cloak and backpack and shoved one into the other. He collected the more personal objects that were strewn about and then took one more look at the street. In the distance he could hear emergency vehicles coming closer, more and more muggles that had been standing around were beginning to stir. Harry began to walk away from the scene as fast as he could, but before he could get past the first block, black SUV's came out of nowhere and blocked his path. Men in dark suits and sunglasses filed out and began sweeping the area with strange devices. Almost as one they all stopped their sweeps with their devices pointed at him. "Looks like the boy is the source, we should take him into custody." The men began to circle around him, a few pulling guns from their jacket pockets. Instinctively Harry drew his wand and backed up, slowly making his way to a wall he could rest his back against. The one that spoke before eyed Harry's wand before putting his wrist to his mouth before saying, "Weasley, looks like one of yours." Harry's eyes flashed to the man when he heard the name of his best mate. "Did you just say Weasley?" He called to the man, keeping an eye on the other men surrounding him. The man said nothing to Harry but spoke into his radio, "Yeah its clear, apparate to my coordinates." With a loud crack Arthur Weasley apparated next to the lead suit. "Smith what do you mean its one of mine?" began Arthur before his eyes fell on Harry, "Oh Merlin, Harry its you…that explains a lot actually. Guys you can put your weapons down, Harry stow your wand before these muggles wake up." Harry slowly returned his wand to his pocket before walking up to Mr. Weasley, "Sir, what exactly is going on, who are these people? Why are you working with them?" Mr. Weasley put a finger up to Harry and then put a hand out to the nearest suit, who handed over the device he was using earlier. Pointing it at Harry he raised his eyebrows at whatever the device was telling him. Turning to the man he called Smith he said, "I'm taking Harry to headquarters, I'll send the Obliviators back to help you out." The man nodded and began barking orders to the others. Arthur grabbed Harry's arm and disapparated both of them from the street. They appeared in a very nice office with pictures of redheads moving back and forth across the desk. Looking around Harry said, "Mr. Weasley I thought you worked for the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts department at the ministry." He took the offered seat and Mr. Weasley sat behind his desk, "Technically I do. Harry what do you know about mind magic, what the muggles call psionics?" Harry thought for a minute and said, "Well there is legilimancy and occlumency right? Is there more to the field than that?" His friend's dad smiled at him, "Much more Harry. A very long time ago, back in Merlin's time when wizards weren't so secretive, a brilliant muggle developed a device that took the limit off of how much of the brain a human has access to. Wizards use slightly more than muggles to begin with and he figured that if he increased the efficiency of his own brain he would be able to do magic." Harry nodded, remembering his biology class in elementary school and learning that humans use only ten percent of their brains. "The problem was that it didn't work for everyone. When a pureblood wizard the likes of Lucius Malfoy found out about the device, he attempted to destroy it to keep the muggles under his thumb. The artifact was never fully described so it could never be recreated, but we know that a large black stone that we think was a meteorite powered it. When the wizard destroyed it, he sent shards of it flying across the isles and the some of the dust made it into the atmosphere. Years later the council that eventually formed the Ministry of Magic found that muggle children were showing aptitudes for something similar to mind magic. These were non-magical kids who were only able to read a few minds or completely block out attempts at legilimancy. That's when they formed my department, and together with some muggle authorities they built these headquarters to help both worlds deal with children who have aptitude for such things. Everyone since the explosion of the artifact has been classified with some sort of aptitude level. We have these tests in both muggle and magical kindergarten programs so we can catch anomalies early." Harry nodded, he had heard of psionics in books that he had knicked from Dudley. The leader of the X-Men comics he read had telepathic powers too, he reminded Harry of Dumbledore sometimes. "But Mr. Weasley, what does this have to do with me?" Mr. Weasley stood and came around the desk, leaning against it and facing Harry. "Well, first let me tell you about the classifications we have. Most muggles are considered T5s. They have absolutely no aptitude for any psionic ability. Most if not all wizards are at least T4s; they are able to learn some mind magic spells with practice, things such as the Confundus Charm and the Memory Charm are mild mind spells. Those that can learn and implement legilimancy and occlumency are T3's, which aren't that abnormal as far as wizards go because you need to be at least a T3 to become an Auror. You won't find that in any Auror handbook but trust me we test for it. We assumed with your aptitude for throwing off the Imperius and the headway you've been making with your occlumency that you're a T3. Professor Snape is a T2, he is very skilled at all types of mind magic, as Dumbledore who is a T1, taught him all he knows. He-who-must-not-be-named is also a T1, but because of Severus' dedicated subterfuge he is able to stay one step ahead of Him." Harry nodded, "So I'm a T3? Doesn't that mean I should be having a better time with Occlumency?" Mr. Weasley nodded, "Well yes, and I've scanned you a few times over the years, you were a T4 until your encounter at the Tri-Wizard tournament, since then you've been pinging as a T3. Today however you came up as a T0." He watched as Harry took in the information. "What does that mean? I thought the classification only went to T1?" Mr. Weasley nodded, "Well it normally does, the last suspected T0 was Merlin but we're only going on rumor rather than actual proof. You're going to need to stay here this summer to get your power under control before returning to school in September; I'll be speaking to Albus about this tonight. I'll pull some strings so that you can have your own room and I'll allow you to furnish it however you'd like." Harry started to look concerned so he put a hand on his shoulder, "You haven't done anything wrong Harry, but you are soon going to be accidentally reading people's minds. We're not sure what your range will be, but if you don't start to build some mental shields and learn to control your power you'll be bombarded with thoughts from everyone in a 1 block radius, minimum. We just want to help you. I'll obviously be keeping this from the press, but I'll keep Ron, Ginny, and Hermione in the loop if you wish." Surprisingly Harry shook his head, "Just tell them that I'm training, don't tell them why. I don't want them to be worried about me reading their minds when they see me again…I don't know how well they'll handle it." Mr. Weasley nodded, "Understandable Harry, I will inform them that you are away at a training camp and that they can contact you through me. Is