This was just something random that I wrote up quickly the other day when I was bored (and procrastinating my school work…). It doesn't really have an actual plot line, but I saw a pamphlet advertising some of the sites in Alaska and the hot springs were one of them, so my imagination flew away… Enjoy! Tanya watched, enraptured as Edward ducked out of the large wooden cabin hidden deep in the Alaskan wilderness. He had only arrived as a third party guest to Carlisle and Esme's Northern trip, though she had hoped that he had come for a different reason entirely. Neither of them could deny the fatal attraction Tanya held for Edward. He, too, admittedly, knew that Tanya was a lovely creature, capable of stirring up any emotion she so desired...just not for him. He loved her, of course, as a distant relative to his own, small coven. There was only the three of them: Carlisle, Esme, Edward, and Edward was hell-bent on making it known to Tanya that this would never change for him. He would never be her mate any more than she would ever be his. She couldn't blame him, not really. Edward had always been a loner in his own right. Pretending he couldn't listen in to her wanton, desperate visions of joining him in the hot springs, he ran through the wilderness, not bothering to take a towel. Tanya busied herself with visions of drying him off herself - first with her hands, then with her mouth. It was the heat of the waters he was after, and not even Tanya could sully this moment for him. The springs had always been his favorite place to visit whenever he was in Alaska. Not only were they deathly silent in the dark of the night, but they had an eerie glow to them; the moon's luminescence the only sanction of light. Edward picked up speed as he moved further and further from his parental figures and cousins. He loved them all dearly, but the gathering of so many minds was overwhelming. He welcomed the swallowing of the trees and dirt as they hid his hurried footfalls. The silence lasted, but the seclusion did not as he slowed just outside of the glacial jutting of the surrounding rocks. The steam rose high into the sky, swirling around the lonesome figure wadding in the springs, her back to him, her dark brown hair dripping far down her ghostly pale body. She turned to glance at the intruder, her expression one of tension and patience. Her eyes, Edward noted, were bright red. Bella wasn't sure what to do when the male darted through the thickening. She had not even heard his approach; his footsteps must have been lithe and agile. But she could smell him now, his honey-lavender scent mixing with her own freesia infused perfume. She moved in the water to get a better view, keeping herself well beneath the hot liquid. He could see her, surely, but she needn't make it easier for the vampire. "I apologize," he spoke softly in velvet tones, his full lips parting just slightly with the words. "I hadn't known anyone was here." His eyes, obscurely bright and gold, darted over her form before looking away with an expression that greatly resembled embarrassment. Bella smiled, a slow moving, seductive grin. "It's all right." Her voice was but a purr, a Siren call to Edward. He tried to keep his eyes from the perfectly sized, perfectly rounded mounds floating just beneath the surface. She was a Siren, he decided. A Vampire Siren. He imagined Tanya was much the same to her victims. "Don't be put off," Bella continued, "You can stay if you'd like." She hoped that he'd like to. She hoped for it very much. He nodded once and she licked her lips at the silent promise before turning quickly in the water, her back once again facing Edward. He was unsure of what he was doing as he disrobed almost on instinct, never taking his eyes off of her smooth back and elegant neck. He wanted to press his lips to both, the sensation shocking him. He hesitated at the feelings coursing through him, but as she waited in the deep water, he had a sinking feeling that he would never again lay eyes on her if he didn't take this opportunity. And he wanted to lay eyes on her, he realized. Every second of every day. Her beauty knew no bounds, her porcelain skin silky over her jaw and cheekbones, her ruby eyes tantalizing, and not in the least dangerous in their coloring. She was beautiful, she was lovely, she was his. He moved towards her in the water, his eyes falling closed as the heat surrounded him, melting his marble skin. It moved into him, through him in familiar and yet oh so unfamiliar ways. He had a feeling the vampire beauty before him had a great deal to do with the new warmth as he opened his eyes to find her watching him with fascination. His hair was a shade she had never before seen; red and brown all at once, the tinted color scheme bouncing off of the moonlight. She wanted to drag her nails through it, to twist the locks around her slender fingers. He would let her, she could see, from the way he was watching her. His eyes were cautious, yet inviting, his chest halfway out of the water, toned and marbled. Bella moved closer to the vampire, an unearthly sensation moving through her that he would never hurt her, would never turn her away. Edward watched, entranced and beguiled as her legs and arms kicked out once, moving her closer to him. Her chin skimmed the surface of the water until she delved beneath just enough to hide her mouth and nose, but never her eyes. They watched, enraptured as he was, until they reached him. She rose but a few inches from him, water droplets dripping tantalizingly down her cheeks and beneath her jaw, crystallizing over her dark lashes. Edward could feel his own impending arousal as he gazed at the Siren before him. It was a novice sensation and yet so natural as he reached out towards her, wanting her to move closer. He wanted to feel her against him. Bella smiled at his outstretched hands, grasping onto his fingers with her own without a second thought and let him guide her towards his body. The distance was only mere inches and yet it felt like miles until she finally reached him, their fingers entwining. A trickling shock buzzed through the night air as warmth rose around and between them. It was clear to them both that they were here for a reason. They were here for each other. Bella freed a hand, reaching up to brush some of his hair, damp from the steam, back from his eyes. She wanted to see him – all of him. "What is your name?" Edward whispered into the night air, never removing his hooded gaze from the vampire before him. "Bella," she breathed. It was the prettiest name he had ever heard, though the meaning behind it hardly lived up to her loveliness. "And you?" He smiled, pulling her in closer. "Edward." There were a hundred more questions surfacing from each, but they were caught in their throats as their chests met for the first time beneath the springs. She was warm. The water had heated her skin much more than his in the small amount of time he had been submerged. A gasp fell from Bella's mouth as her eyes widened and then lowered, glancing between the two of them. In a quick, serpentine motion, she reached up to wind her arms behind Edward's neck, her fingers dancing in the slightly curled hair at the base of his head. She licked her lips in her growing arousal and Edward's eyes darted to the movement like a drowning man spotting a life preserver. He wanted her badly, and she could sense his need as much as she could her own. "Well, Edward," she stared back up at him, "I want you to kiss me." He complied greedily, hungrily, insatiably, as he pressed one of his hands to the back of her head, holding him to her with his other as it wound around her waist. She gasped against his cool mouth, his silky tongue darting out to taste her lips. Their mouths moved together in perfect harmony and it hardly mattered that they had never done this before. They were made for each other; their mouths were but puppets to their inner desires. Bella's fingers furled and unfurled around Edward's soft locks, combing through the tendrils as though she found peace in this simple movement. He, however, found anything but as his exhales became low, rumbling growls with each swipe of her fingers over his highly sensitive scalp. The rhythm of her fingers was like a siren call all on their own. On the next tug of his hair, his hips flexed involuntarily, his arousal pressing hard against her own. Bella's breathing seemed as though it were a lifeline; the panting, keening inhalations the only semblance of her human life as she rocked against Edward, the movements soothing and worsening the gentle throb that had built deep within her. Her arousal had reached a fever pitch and as Edward lay imprisonment to her mouth, so she did to his arousal as she kicked her legs out and around Edward's waist, anchoring herself to him. She cried out as his hand moved from around her own waist, drifting in the hot water between the two of them as his finger brushed the swollen nub that was the bane of her arousal. She jerked against his hand, letting out a moan which he quickly swallowed, his lips not yet releasing hers. His tongue in her mouth and his finger strumming against her sodden arousal, she tasted and felt divine. He never wanted this moment to end, and yet his hips moved of their own accord as they attempted to keep a rhythm with his hand, pressing to her thigh. She flexed against him, tightening her hold, and he finally – and unfortunately – released her mouth as he dragged his open mouth across her jaw and down her throat. She groaned against him as he slipped one, and then two agile, long fingers between her folds and into her opening, letting her push against him to search for her own rhythm. He was suddenly grateful for his mind reading; for his unwanted ability to see picture perfectly the ins and outs of such a sensual dance in ways other couples went about the motions. Edward could feel the sensations of her pretty, keening sounds against her throat as they vibrated out of her and into him. Her walls were quivering beneath his assault and Edward growled, removing his fingers, but just as quickly replaced them with his hard arousal. Bella's head tilted back soundlessly as he filled her swiftly to the hilt. She had been a virgin, but she was a vampire; there was no pain, no need to go slowly, only pleasure – sweet, unbearable pleasure. Edward stayed as still as he could, staring up at the beautiful Bella before him, blinking away the steam and tangling of his hair as he watched her stretch her elegant, creamy neck until she came back down. Her arms loosened until she grasped the back of his hair with her fingers, tilting his head up towards her as though he would ever deny her. He hadn't moved within her yet, but they both wanted to feel this, to memorize the completeness they shared. Staring into his deeply golden eyes, seeing the intensity of his passion there, she moved against him, wanting to take him deeper, harder, faster. Edward complied until she was tightening around him,