A.N. Don't own anything. Want to own something. Dang. PLEASE REVIEW- CLARITY. PART 1. Okay. Okay. So, everybody says that the best way to deal with emotional trauma is to meet it head on. I love writing, and I've had enough emotional trauma to write a dissertation on, so here goes. Many see the tale of Juliet and Romeo as the pinnacle of undeniable love, the symbol of lover's determination and the lasting effects of true love. Frankly, I think it's all crap. Setting aside the fact that it's fictional, for crying out loud, Juliet was twelve. Romeo sixteen. How the hell did they know what love was, how the hell could they risk everything, give up all they'd ever known, just for a stab in the dark, for something uncertain and shaky? It boggles my mind, and not in the good, Henry-Cavill-shirtless way. Therefore, dear reader, I am pleased to tell you that this is not a retelling of Romeo and Juliet. In fact, this isn't even really similar to it. Yes, there's forbidden -maybe not forbidden, more frowned upon- love involved and yes, there might be a balcony scene somewhere and sure, there's a tragic ending. But don't get confused, reader, and think this is a regular semi-not-really-retelling Romeo is never a judging, egotistical, stubborn jerk to everyone but Juliet (at least at first), and Juliet is certainly never lonely, lost, and suicidal (until the ending, that is). No, dear reader, this is not the tale of Juliet and her Romeo. This is the story of the Baker's Son and his Huntress, and of the Victor Who Lost and her Fisherman. This is the story of a boy and a girl who felt something so deep between them they risked everything to figure out what it was, and a boy and a girl that spent every moment together wishing for more time. This is a story of one love that messed up a lot of lives and another that changed the fate of a nation. This is the story of Peeta and Katniss and Finnick and Annie. I was there for it all, dear reader. I went unnoticed by everyone, I saw it all. And then, I asked questions to verify what I already knew was true. This, I promise you, is the 100% truthful account of this events. This is the sad, sad story of two girls and two boys who just wanted to be free. /~~~ANNIE~~~/ There is a library on every block in Panem, but the only one I ever go to is the one on 4th and Capitol. And not just because I live on 4th; no, it's partly because, silly as I am, I think the librarian's assistant is hot. Mags runs that particular library, and she's absolutely amazing, the way she loves all of her regulars and all of her books are like her children, but Finn, her foster son and her helper, is beyond comparison. With bronze hair, sea-green eyes, and charm for days -and when I say days, I legitimately mean days-, he's every girl in this town's Prince Charming, and it's stupid of me to harbor this little fantasy. He's the subject of every girl's fantasy, while I'm the weird chick who spends her time either in a mental hospital or in her head. I was diagnosed with Hallucinogenic Persisting Perception Disorder when I was seven. Basically, it means that I sometimes hallucinate, and when it happens I can't tell what's real and what isn't. It was a terrible thing, growing up, but especially now, when I can't really function in normal society, it sucks. It's why I only go to Mags's library; she understands, and she doesn't yell when I go away in the middle of a sentence. I park my bike right in front of her library, now, sliding off easily and locking it in place. I haven't gone away at all this week, which is an achievement, trust me, so I'm a little sloppy. Technically, I'm not supposed to go anywhere alone; Mother and Daddy watch me like hawks, because "You could have an episode in the middle of the street, Annie dear, and then what would happen?" I am not allowed to eat hot food, for fear I'll go away and choke; I am not allowed to cook for fear I'll go away and burn myself; I am not allowed to go to school, because "Your mother can teach you perfectly well, Annie dear, and besides, what would happen if you had an episode and we weren't there?" I am not allowed to do anything; I am caged in a little house in in a little town in a little world. The door chimes little when I open it, and the sound makes me jump. It doesn't take much to set me off, and I definitely don't want to have to explain an episode to anyone. Mags isn't here; her cup of coffee isn't by the desk. The place is empty anyway, the only sign that there's even a librarian here is the open water bottle on the counter. I walk lightly, not wanting to disturb anything. I can hear whistling from the back, but I'm too afraid of an awkward confrontation to go see what's happening back there. Instead, I head towards the classics section and smile when I get there. I've made it my goal to read through all of them, since I probably won't be able to come to this library again after January hits. The thing about HPPD is that it cause other problems; problems like inability to tell real from fake. It cause panic attacks. Depression. All that's supposed to kick in around my seventeenth birthday. It's June now; I turn seventeen in January. That means I have seven months. Seven months before Mother and Daddy put me in the Cornucopia, a mental asylum directly outside of Panem. I run my fingers along the spines of the books, pressing down the anger and resentment. It's not going to change anything, and it takes too much energy to be angry, energy I don't have. I hear footsteps behind me, but I'm certain they'll turn or leave or something. No one talks to the weird girl, the one with the crazy mental disease. Once they see who I am, they'll leave. Only they don't. I hear the crunching sound before I hear the deep voice. It sounds like he's eating sugar cubes or something, and I freeze up as warm breath hits my neck. "Can I help you with something, love?" "Oh," I squeak, cursing my crap social skills inwardly. It's Finn, of course it's Finn, who else chews sugarcubes and calls people love? "Oh, no, I'm fine. Thanks, though." "Sure?" More breath on my neck. Warm and comforting, not sticky and creepy like Snow's. Snow is my "therapist". He's the therapist of practically everyone in this town, but the gist of his job is this: he makes people talk about their problems and then blackmails them with that information. For me, it's the fact that if he recommended it, my parents would slap me in the asylum so fast my head would spin. "Oh, yeah, I'm good. This is where I spend most of my time," I laugh awkwardly and turn around so I'm facing him. Bad. Idea. His eyes are sea-green and lit with amusement and more than a little confusion. "Oh? Maybe I'm always in the back when you're here. I'm Finn Odair, by the way." "I know," I say quickly. Who doesn't know? He's like Apollo reincarnated. "I talk with your foster mom a lot. Mags and I go way back." "Uh-huh," he nods, still looking a bit confused, "Well, if you need anything, just shout, yeah?" "Yeah," I smile awkwardly and tuck my hair behind my ears. Before I even notice it, his hand is also in my hair, and he's running his hand through it until he pulls out a white feather. "How'd you get this stuck in there?" He laughs, brushing my nose with it. "Roll around in pillows?" "Something like that." The real story is that I feel asleep in the meadow and some doves decided to build a nest in my hair, but he doesn't have to know that. Too late do I realize how that sounds, and I blush again as he raises an eyebrow and nods. "See you later, Annie," He says walking back towards the desk. I stand in that same spot for a moment, and it takes me a second to wonder how exactly he knew my name. (*PEETA.*) I live on the corner of 12th and Capitol, in the nicest part of the poorest neighborhood of the little town of Panem. I've lived here my entire life, in a tiny apartment above my family's bakery, and I don't think the place has changed at all. The rich still live on 1st, 2nd, and 4th street; the poor still live on 11th and 12th Ave; the snow still falls in the winter and the doors still creak in the summer and Snow is still a creepy son of bitch. But this spring is different. This spring is my last. The cancer started in my lungs, clogging them up and making it nearly impossible to breathe for a while. Then it spread to my leg, damaging it so badly it had to be amputated and replaced with a metal one. Now it's targeting my brain, and by the time winter comes I'll be a goner. The light spring wind whips at my hair as I kick the door to Sae's open, my arms full of breadbaskets. "Peeta!" Madge cries when she sees me, looking desperately relieved as she balances a load of dirty dishes in her arms. "Oh my god, you're a lifesaver! Could you take those back to Sae and handle Table 7? I'd do it, but I'm swamped, and-" She flushes. "I just can't." "S'okay, Madge, I'll take care of it," I assure her, laughing at her relieved expression. Like I could ever say no. There's too much beauty in this world, too many things to see and do and too little time to waste it being a dick. "Head's up, Sae," I call, entering the busy kitchen. "Delivery Boy, back for round 2894." "Put the bread on the counter and grab an apron," Sae says, all business, but she pinches my cheek anyway before she flips a burger. I smile at her and grab my usual apron; paint and flour stained, it's easily the most stable thing I've got right now, and it's special to me in that way security blankets are special to little kids. Table 7 is in the very back of the restaurant, and right now there's five people sitting there. I can tell they're from the poorest parts of 12th Ave, and I get now why Madge couldn't take them. She has a history, something with her and a hunter, and it's just hard for her. Me, I've got no such problems. I smile as I walk up, menus in hand. "How're we all doing today?" I say conversationally, handing the menus out even though they probably know them better than I do. "Terrible." The tall, dark-haired man in the corner glowers at me and nudges the girl next to him. Her head snaps up, her eyes meet mine, and all I can think is wow. Her eyes are dark and guarded, her hair long and pulled into a dark braid that hangs down the side of her face and her shoulder. Her eyes widen in recognition. And just like that, I am in love. -KATNISS.- Sick people make me nervous. They always have, and I'm not sure why. I think it's rooted somewhere in my mother's clinical depression issues, but whatever the cause, ithe truth. Even something as simple as a cold freaks me out. I don't really broadcast that, because is