PART ONE TITLE: BACK TO THE ARENA: REALIZATIONS THIS STORY IS MEANT TO BE USED AS A FILLER TO THE ACTUAL BOOKS, CATCHING FIRE AND MOCKINGJAY. THE PLOT STAYS THE SAME BUT THE METHODS ARE CHANGED. THIS IS THE WAY I FELT THE CHARACTERS AND STORY SHOULD HAVE BEEN. PART ONE; BEGINS IN CATCHING FIRE ON PAGE 194. WHEN THEY ARE ON THE TRAIN. Warmth radiates from the spot where his lips just touched my neck, slowly spreading through the rest of me. It feels so good, so impossibly good, that I know I will not be the first to let go... BACK TO THE ARENA Chapter 1 Realization I wake up screaming. Peeta pulls me in closer. I realize I am sobbing. Not just crying, really sobbing. He wakes fully pulling us both into a sitting position, "Hey, hey... wake up now, tell me about it. That usually stops it," he says. "Cato... he pulled you over the side of the Cornucopia with him. The mutts dragged you away and were tearing you apart piece by piece. You kept screaming my name, but I only had one arrow left... and I couldn't even see you it was so dark. I stood on the top of the Cornucopia shouting and raging at the gamemakers." There, I got it out. But it doesn't feel out. "It's over Katniss, it didn't happen. It was just a dream. I am right here holding you like always," he says soothingly. But I'm not having any of it. "It's not over!" I say. "We are on a train headed right back to the arena." He's quiet. No arguing with that. "I..." I stammer. "I don't want to lose you." He sighs painfully. He knows his plan to sacrifice himself for me, so I will survive, just as much as I know it.. "Katniss. I could never willingly let you die," he says. "That's our dilemma, right?" I respond. "You know, I've had a lot of time to think. Back in our cave things got all messed up with the cameras watching everything we did and said, broadcasting it to all of Panem. I was terrified I was going to lose you to blood poisoning, having to play it up for the cameras so I could get you the medicine you needed so desperately. Then Clove almost killing me and knowing my death meant your death. Everything was about staying alive. Surviving. Don't think, don't feel, just move, follow your instincts. After we got back to 12, I was just so... rattled. I was home, Prim, my mother, Gale, Snow's threats, Rue's death, the people I killed visiting me in my dreams. It was so hard to make sense of everything." "I know," he says. "No, Peeta. You don't know. You don't know what I mean. That first night on the training center roof when you told me you would die being yourself. You were so powerful. When we were standing on the starting plates and you already knew my thoughts and shook your head no at me. I was so mad at you. I thought you did it to mess me up on purpose, but deep down I really knew you were warning me. When you took up with the Careers I thought, there now he shows his true colors. Then you yelled at me to run... saving my life. Rue told me how you fought Cato to protect me," I continue, "That kiss in the cave, that real kiss..." Peeta nods his head. He knows the one I mean, he felt it too. "Katniss," he breathes softly. I put my finger over his lips to hush him, "You deserve to know. I didn't expect you Peeta. I didn't expect what I'd feel for you," I thought about his apology to me back in 12, when he covered my pain from the peace keepers the day I jumped the fence,, his announcement to Rue and Thresh's families to receive a month of our earnings each year, the way he gives away free baked goods to the hungry, how he holds me night after night battling the nightmares, the way he's loved me. No strings, no expectations... unconditionally. "If I lost you... I don't think I could survive, " I finish. Peeta was for once, at a loss for words. Hot tears escape my eyes and trickle to his chest. He pulls me in even tighter. I am emotionally spent. It's a whole lot easier not feeling at all. Less exhausting. I crash to sleep so tangled around Peeta that there is no air between us. Soon it becomes hot. Neither of us cares, neither of us draws away. Neither of us will let go. …. I wake slowly to the morning, calmly bringing myself out from the realm of sleep. No nightmares, just peace. "Wow," I whisper out loud. "Wow, what?" he's already awake. "I haven't slept that soundly since..." I shake my head. "I don't know how long. Thanks." It was a real gift being able to war off nightmares. I shifted myself and looked up into his eyes. My warrior. My Peeta. "I'm going to do everything in my power to protect you in the arena, you know," Peeta says firmly. "Yes, I know," I whisper back. "Me too." The sun pouring through the windows heralded our arrival into the Capital, spiraling us headlong to the Quarter Quell and into the realm of nightmares turned to reality. We pulled each other in, not knowing our fates. Effie knocked on the door. "Come on, Katniss. It's going to be a big day." Even Effie's voice was deflated. I squeeze my eyes shut hard, then open them resolved. No use in pretending. I slip on my shoes, "I'll see you soon," I say to Peeta. As I started out the door Peeta said softly, "Yeah, see you soon." I smile a sad smile and force my body out the door. …... CATCHING FIRE PAGE 260. AFTER THE INTERVIEWS AND KATNISS WONT LET PEETA GO TO HIS ROOM FEARFUL THEYLL BE SEPERATED FOREVER. We walk down the hallway. Peeta wants to stop by his room to shower off the make up and meet me in a few minutes, but I won't let him. I'm certain that if a door shuts between us, it will lock and I'll have to spend the night without him. Besides, I have a shower in my room. I refuse to let go of his hand. Chapter... THE PROMISE I step into the warn shower trying to wash the terror of tomorrow off and away from me. Trying to make my brain think of anything, but I couldn't make it stop. Like the intensity of a gruesome implement of death bulleting it's way to it's target. Peeta and I being the targets. I let the stream wash over my face, breathing slowly, focusing on the water. All of a sudden my heart starts to palpitate. The water was Clove's knife slicing into my head, blood trickling down my face. A sensation rips across my calve where the fireball had scorched me. I felt Enobaria's razor sharp, tapered teeth tear into my flesh. I scream clutching my midsection, folding myself into the bottom of the tub. I couldn't make the water stop. I couldn't move my hand to even reach for the handle, and it felt like fire raining down on me. Suddenly it was off and Peeta was wrapping me in a plush white robe. "It's a flashback Katniss... and a panic attack. It's going to pass. I'm right here, I'm right here," he says soothingly, picking me up out of the tub. His strong arms encase me in his strength and comfort. He settles us down together on the floor with me in his lap and begins rocking me back and forth. "You're shaking. Come on now, come back to me. You're hungry and exhausted. Look, I've set up a picnic for us in the room. I'm not leaving you tonight. I don't want to leave you ever," he says. Soon, my breathing calms. The fear abates, my heartbeat returns to something close to normal. Peeta presses his lips into my damp hair. "I could stay like this forever," I whisper. "Okay," he says, mimicking me from the roof yesterday. Peeta places both hands on the side of my face and turns me to look into his eyes. He examines my state if mind. When he seems satisfied he says, "Come, look what I did." His head tilts toward my room. Our room. I nod. He helps me to my feet, takes my hand, and leads me into the bedroom. "What?" I gasp when I see it. A huge, real smile consumes my face. "I know they've got cameras set up all over the place in here. I didn't think that was very fair. I thought we deserved a little privacy, so I made a sanctuary," he says, and goes about showing me his elaborate design. First he had taken the clean extra sheets from the closet and tied the ends into the ceiling tiles all the way around the bed, creating a large, private, enclosed tent. "It's perfect Peeta," I say. "That's not all, Tada!" he pulls the curtain back to the side. Sitting on top of a tall end table was fresh ripe strawberries, buttery croissants, a pot of steaming hot chocolate and two mugs all on an elegant silver service set just like the one my mother had brought with her to the Seam when she married my father. "You're perfect, Peeta." He was surprised and clearly pleased by my compliment. Then he doesn't move, frozen in thought. "Go," I break the spell. "Take your shower. I'll be all right now. I'll wait for you." "Okay," he nods and walks into the bathroom. After I heard the shower water start, I settle into the over sized armchair, towel dry my hair and comb it out. The chill in the air puts me in mind. I turn to the darkened fireplace and smile. I can do something to add to this scene Peeta started. I pick up three of the logs set in a large basket next to the hearth. In my hands I realize they aren't real wood. Somehow it was synthetic made. I figure they probably only burned to a very specific temperature and intensity so as to not allow a trapped victor to burn the building down. I put it out of my mind and within seconds the logs were lit. A gentle flame danced across them, flickering and casting it's light on the sheets Peeta hung from the ceiling. The sweet scent of forest pines delicately infused the room, tricking my mind into believing I was outdoors in front of a cozy campfire. Usually the Capital scents are so pungent and sickening, but this smelled purely natural. "Now that's perfect!" Peeta says from behind me. I am so at peace, I don't even startle. I turn to look at him. My breath catches. Dampness was clinging to his thick chest and arms casting a sheen across his skin in the firelight. His blond hair messy and wet played over his forehead. He had pulled on a pair of pajama bottoms that tied just below his navel, showing off the strong fineness of his midsection. My mouth opens and my breath is audible. He smiles at the effect he is having on me and closes the distance between us. His hands bury themselves under my hair at the back of my neck, his fingers entwine with my dampened tresses. His thumbs lovingly caress my face. His strength nourishing me. "Please," he says. "I need you to eat, It'll make you fell better." He leads me onto the soft blanket of the bed and pulls back the sides of our sanctuary just enough to let some of the warmth and light of the fire create a hearth