PART TWO: YOU CAME FOR ME; Flickers in the Darkness ((PART TWO TO PART ONE TITLED: REALIZATIONS from Catching Fire) PART TWO TITLED: YOU CAME FOR ME; FLICKERS IN THE DARKNESS TAKES PLACE DURING MOCKINGJAY FROM PAGE 27-28 Katniss just finds out Peeta is still alive after watching the first interview between Peeta and Caesar broadcast from the Capitol. " You're alive," I whisper, pressing my palms against me cheeks, feeling the smile that's so wide it must look like a grimace. Peeta's alive. And a traitor. But at the moment, I don't care. Not what he says, or who he says it for, only that he is still capable of speech. After a while, the door opens and someone slips in. Gale slides down beside me, his nose trickling blood... [After their conversation] Whatever the case I have someone to tell my secrets to again. "Gale I have something to talk to you... " I say... Chapter:1 Clearing the Air "I need to tell you the truth Gale. I'm getting ripped apart... It's not right... Everybody hurting because of me..." I'm on the verge of hysterics. Now that I start the talk, I don't really want to go through with it. "All right then, what truth?" Gale's not going to let me off the hook. I take a deep breath and begin with the whole idea of Peeta and the star crossed lovers theme. That I thought he was doing it just to make me look weak. How angry I was until I learned he honestly felt that way and learned that his time with the Careers was just a front so he could keep me protected. Gale stays silent through it all. "When they announced district players could team up and I found him, after our spent time in the cave... I started to understand what was really going on. We saved each others lives several times... and the feelings... they were just so intense. Once we got back to 12 and the cameras went away," I hitch in breath. "I was left trying to pick up what remained of my existence. I was all confused. Nothing was right anywhere, with anything," My eyes dropped. "I couldn't sort out what I felt for you from what I felt for him and it hurt me seeing both of you upset. But before I even had the chance, everything just blew up in my face, your whipping, Snow's threats, the tour, then the announcement for the Quell... Gale, please forgive me. Before the Quell I knew I was in love with Peeta and I knew I wasn't making it out of the arena a second time. So, Peeta and I had our own toasting ceremony." "What!?" Gale retorts. I'm trying to undo the damage. "Please understand, I do love you, it's just..." "It's just you love Peeta more." He's angry at first, but then he says with finality "I had no prior claims to you Katniss. I've been unfair. It was so obvious how much you felt for him when you came back. All it was on my part was jealousy, just like that time when Darius had flirted with you, Now don't get me wrong, I meant it when I said that I love you... but I can love you more by letting you follow your heart without acting injured or wounded to try and make you suffer with guilt. I've been wrong. I just wanted to see what would work out, if what had happened between you and Peeta was real or just for the cameras. You've proven it is very real, and that not only does he feel that way about you, you feel that way about him." I just stare at Gale, thankful that my best friend really does understand me and cares about what I need. I feel the heavy weight of the guilt I have been steadily carrying since the first games slowly lift. He continues, "Now if anything happens, and you realize you made a mistake... well... I'll still be around Katniss." I throw my arms around his thankful to have him back. (COME BACK INTO MJ PAGE 28 WITH " WHATEVER THE CASE I HAVE SOMEONE TO TELL MY SECRETS TO AGAIN..." FORWARD TO MJ PAGE 114 Katniss and Finnick watch the newest propo together on the television from the hospital room. Before they switch it off The Capitol introduces a special segment with Ceasar Flickerman and his guest. Peeta's physical transformation shocks me. The healthy clear-eyed boy I saw a few days ago has lost at least fifteen pounds and developed a nervous tremor in his hands. They've still got him groomed. But underneath the paint that cannot cover the bags under his eyes, and the fine clothes that cannot conceal the pain he feels when he moves, is a person badly damaged... "Oh Peeta,.." I whisper. Black screen seal of Panem show over... Footsteps are approaching. Finnck grips me hard by the arms. "We didn't see it." "What?" I ask. "We didn't see Peeta. Only the propo on Eight... Got it?" I nod. "Finish your dinner." I pull myself together. Plutarch and Fluvia comes in. We congratulate them on the propo. They look relieved. No one mentions Peeta. When they leave the room, I grab a paper and pencil. Scrawl some words on it and slide the paper to Finnick. He reads the words, digests them, then rises with the paper in his hands and soaks it to a pulpy mash in the sink. He turns and faces me, "Absolutely!" Finally, we feel useful again. We aren't sure who to trust in our plan, or if we just go it alone. But that seems like even more of a suicide mission. Haymitch, Gale? Could I even ask Coin? Prim told me I could ask for whatever I wanted and they'd have to do it because I'm the Mockingjay. All right, I start with Haymitch. "You really have lost your mind, sweetheart!" Haymitch says. It was already going better than I had expected. "And it figures your first choice is a guy who can't even get dressed in the morning!" I take a deep breath, but I wasn't about to let him continue on with his rant so he'd better get to the point. "And all you wrote on that paper was "Let's go get them?" Honestly, you think Coin's just going to give you a hovercraft or make it a special mission?" he asks. "Yeah, something like that. Or, we'll borrow one." I respond. "Oh man..." he stumbles out the door and works his way down the hall mumbling. "Let me see what I can figure out." (TO PAGE 131 to 138) The Capitol seal appears, underscored by the anthem. Then I'm staring directly into President Snow's snake eyes as he greets the nation... The camera pulls back to include Peeta... "He's worse," I whisper. Finnick grasps my hand...Peeta begins to speak in a frustrated tone about the need for a cease-fire... Bam! Without warning I'm suddenly on television, standing in the rubble of the bakery. Plutarch jumps to his feet. "He did it! Beetee broke in!" The room is buzzing with reaction when Peeta's back, distracted. He's seen me on the monitor... Peeta's face contorts in effort. "Katniss... how do you think this will end? What will be left? No one is safe. Not in the Capitol. Not in the districts. And you...in Thirteen..." He inhales sharply, as if fighting for air; his eyes look insane. "Dead by morning!" The impact of the blow is inseperable from Peeta's cry of pain. And his blood as it splatters the tiles. Coin says, "Let's proceed with lockdown." Inside the bunker, cooperation is the order of the day. I think of Peeta, everything he is going through and decide that after this lockdown I am going into the Capitol to locate and rescue him if they voluntarily give me use of a hovercraft or if I steal it. My exercise schedule becomes as rigorous as possible. I try hard to follow the regime Peeta had me on when we were training like the Careers on our way to the Quell. "I'm coming for you Peeta." This is my mantra when body or mind feels like breaking. And when that pain becomes unbearable I think of my arrow lodged deep inside Snow's chest cavity. (Read through to page 158) After the bombing had stopped and a 24 hour clearance pass, we are called into a meeting. There's no small talk. "We need all four of you suited up and above ground," says Coin. "You have two hours to get footage showing the damage from the bombing... "Any questions?" "Just a request," I put in. "I need an extraction team and a hovercraft to get Peeta out, Annie and Johanna too." Everyone starts talking at once and Haymitch just rolls his eyes and shakes his head at me. Coin looks at me unsurprised. "I was wondering when that "request" would be issued. You know it is much too dangerous for us to send the Mockingjay into such a situation." "I will take all the necessary precautions. I will not throw myself into harms way. Peeta's life is on the line. I've played more dangerous games," I say. Coin considers me a moment then says, "Boggs get the team ready," she instructs, "Include Finnick and Solder Everdeen. Inside sources tell us Peeta and the other victors are being held in the Training Center. Pollux and Messalla accompany them for filming... a decent propo might come out of this venture yet," Coin says under her breath, "Plutarch, Cressida, Gale and Beetee, you have one week to prepare for our... negotiations with District Two." Our squads head to special weaponry to ready for the operations before we go up to the surface to shoot the propo. I have a chance to see what Gale and Beetee have been working on. Taking the fundamentals of Gales traps and adapting them into weapons against humans... It's less about the mechanics of the traps than the psychology behind them... At some point, they left the wildreness behind and focused on more human impulses. Like compassion. A bomb explodes. Time is allowed for people to rush to aid the wounded. Then a second, more powerful bomb kills them as well. "That seems to be crossing some kind of line," I say... Gale answers me hostility in his voice and expression, "Beetee and I have been following the same rule book President Snow uses... " (From page 163) During the propo shots of Thirteen, I start crying. "What's wrong with her?" Plutarch says under his breath. " She's figured out how Snow's using Peeta," says Finnick. In the end, the only person I truly want ot comfort me is Haymitch, because he loves Peeta too. I reach out for him and he's there, holding me and patting back. "It's okay. It'll be okay, sweetheart... "Come on, let's go get him." Haymitch finishes. "Yes," I say as a fire rushes through my agony. I'm strapped into my seat on the hovercraft. I run my hand across the smooth surface of my bow. Boggs sits in front of me. Soon the hovercraft with the seal of Panem lands in on an airstrip in the Capitol. Boggs has made us privy to the plan and each of our assignments. Because we would be so recognized we spent hours in the prep teams chairs. They have fastened prosthetic noses, cheeks, foreheads, hair or lack of it. My hair is pink and cropped short, it's a hideous wig really, but with the elongated nose piece and puffy lip enhancers, my mother wouldn't recognize me. Boggs was easy, he dons the uniform of a high ranking Peacekeeper. I get the chills just looking over at him. "Katniss, stop it! Come on you know it's me by now." Boggs says frustratingly through the helmet. "Yeah, Okay..." I mutter and