Disclaimer: Everything that you recognize does not belong to me. I am once again, just borrowing a few things for my own enjoyment. I hope you enjoy it as well. Note to Readers: Thank you so much to those of you who gave me feedback on "Life's Little Moments". I wrote it on a whim and I was blown away by the reaction to it. So, in response, I have decided to write another Eowyn and Legolas story; this one takes place after "Life's Little Moments" but you do not need to have read it to understand this one. This one is going to be much longer, and hopefully stand on its own, but I am keeping to the fact that LLM occurred beforehand. Summary: A Eowyn and Legolas story about the struggle of finding your place in this world and of the people that help you along the way. Once again, this story is following Movie Verse. Homeless Hearts " He fell." The words echoed over and over again in Eowyn's mind as she remained kneeling on the floor beside the makeshift bed that had been readied for her in one of the guest quarters of the mighty fortress of Helm's Deep. The day had begun with such promise and she had clung to the hope that the ones she cared about would return safely to her after the threat of the wargs that had ambushed their party had been taken care of. She had begged her uncle to allow her to stand next to the men as they fought for the lives of the Rohan refugees, and yet he still refused her. She had been sent to lead the women, children and the elderly to the stronghold of her people, and she had done as was asked of her. Eowyn understood her uncle's worry for her safety, but surely she was more capable of defending her own life than she was being given credit for. Then again, if one so strong as Lord Aragorn could be killed in battle... Tears fell like rain from a leaking roof as she thought of the unfortunate fate that had befallen the man that she had grown to care so much for over so short a time. Aragorn had been born with a destiny to save his people. Aragorn had given a gift of hope to the people of Rohan, to her uncle and to her. Now Aragorn was gone. Death had taken him; thus, death had taken what little faith she had left that Sauron's forces could be beaten. "Why tease us with the hope of salvation only to rip it away all so quickly?" she demanded as she pounded her fist into the stone floor. She was heartbroken, but more than that, she was angry. Eowyn was furious at everything and everyone around her. The soldiers had not protected Aragorn, her home was left behind for Saruman to ravage as much as he wished and she was helpless to do anything about it. Eowyn needed to do something; sitting here would not accomplish anything anymore. The times called for survival of the fittest and Eowyn was not willing to allow anything else to be taken away from her. And so she ran. She ran as fast as her legs could carry her; she bolted out of her room and down each and every corridor she came across until at last she found herself on the stone roof of the refuge. The rain was pouring heavily and bit into her face as she walked slowly towards the edge of the roof. She stared out into the blackened sky and felt her tears forming once again. How unfair these times were. She was nothing more than a woman in a man's world, left to weep for the dead and care for the living; however, right here, right now, on this empty rooftop, Eowyn could be more than that. She could take out her frustrations and let the world know exactly how she felt without constraint. Dropping down, Eowyn picked up a broken piece of tower; there were tons of fallen debris from past battles all around her and many were small enough for her hand to hold. "Curse you, Sauron!" Eowyn yelled with venom in her voice as she threw the rock as far as she could over the side of the tower. "Curse your darkness! Curse your hatred! Curse your very being!" she continued as she threw rock after rock in every direction that her outburst took her. Her hands were cut now as she catapulted stone after stone into the abyss around her, but still she did not yield. "My cousin, my brother, my parents you've taken from me! Curse you! Why have you left me alive? Curse you, why did you take him? Why?" She threw another and was thrown off balance, falling to her knees only to have her cries quieted when she heard a soft moan echo from behind her. Eowyn froze, allowing her breathing to slow as she realized that she had been caught. It dawned on her that one of her uncle's guards may have followed her up here upon seeing her mad dash down the hallway, and she sighed as she turned around to tell them to leave her alone. However, to her surprise, she found that whoever it was had been hit by her most recent projectile and was laying on his back, reaching his hand up to his forehead. Regret formed quickly in Eowyn as she rushed towards the figure and knelt beside him to ask if he was alright. "I am so sorry" she began as she pushed the hood back from the figure's face to inspect the cut she had obviously caused him, only to be cast backwards in horrified shock as the confused face of Legolas the elf was revealed to her. Covering her mouth with utter embarrassment, Eowyn's mind swam with things to say, yet none of them seemed to come out. Luckily, it was he who broke the silence; though, he did so with a question she did not expect. "Were you being hurt?" Eowyn paused before she answered as he touched the small wound above his left eyebrow and checked his hand to see if he was bleeding. "No" she replied, earning herself a strange look from the immortal as he fully sat up and glanced around them skeptically. "Is there another up here with you?" His next question assured her that she was about to be thought insane by this creature if she answered truthfully, but she found that she could not lie to him. Once again, his gaze seemed to pierce her flesh and she knew that he would be aware of any lie that she spoke to him. "No" she answered with a shake of her head, "there is no one." Her prediction was proven correct by the look the Legolas gave her now. He arched his brow and watched her carefully as she stood up and offered her hand to him to help him up. Legolas assured her with a nod of his golden head that no aid was necessary and was gracefully on his feet in seconds. He continued to watch her in silence as she resisted the urge to wipe the blood from his face, knowing that he was probably not the type to accept help from others, especially the one who injured him in the first place. "I heard your screams" said Legolas as he tilted his head to the side and took in her shaking frame. She was wet and cold; she definitely needed to brought inside, but he knew that she was one that he could not push, and so he remained where he stood. "I feared you were being hurt." Eowyn shook her head and turned away from him, wrapping her arms around herself to warm her body as she looked out into the distance once again. "I was not" she replied slowly. "I did not mean to disturb you, Lord Elf, nor did I mean to attack you. I also do not mean to keep you from your business down below. You needn't worry, I am quite safe up here" her words were broken and though she did not face him, Legolas was well aware that she was crying. The elf pondered on what she had spoke to him. He had no business that needed tending at the moment, in fact, he was grateful for the distraction. His company had lost Aragorn today, and the grief over the loss was far too much for the elf to deal with. He needed to keep himself occupied or else he feared he would do something that he would later regret. It was then that a thought occurred to him. "You are grieving, Milady." It was not a question, but instead a realization for the firstborn. Legolas was both baffled and in awe of the woman in front of him who chose to not respond to his statement. His entire experience with the fellowship had shown him so much about the other races of Middle Earth, and it was the humans who continued to confuse and surprise him the most. Here was a woman who had lost many of her people and was obviously in a grievous amount of pain, but instead of merely crying as her had seen others doing, she had chosen to go up to the roof, scream and throw rocks at someone who was not even there. Very strange indeed. "Many good men died today" she said simply, causing Legolas to frown. This was not exactly the distraction he had hoped for. He desperately wanted to speak to someone about anything other than what had happened that day. Gimli had not been an option; the dwarf was inconsolable and berated him for not seeming to show any upset over Aragorn's death at all. That, to Legolas, was definitely the major flaw in their friendship; elves were taught to withhold their grief for fear that it would cause them to die from it, while dwarves on the other hand, handled tragedy with an outburst of emotion. It was because of this, Legolas had steered clear of his dwarven friend, feeling guilty about it, yes, but needing to do it none the less. It was surprising to Eowyn that the elf did not respond to her, but she let the silence go on between them for another few minutes before she decided to turn to him once again. To her astonishment, she found that Legolas had moved to a place right beside her without her knowing. Her shock wore off soon enough as she watched him, and she was reminded of the time they had spoken on the road to Helm's Deep. He had given her great comfort then, and selfishly she hoped that he might comfort her again. However, there was something different about him now. It was as though the light that had once illuminated him, was dimming before her eyes. She knew immediately that it was because of the loss of his companion, and spoke to him. "You were close" she said quietly as she wrapped her arms more tightly around herself as protection from the midnight chill. Legolas knew that she was watching him closely and for a split second he almost wanted to growl at her for the difficulty she was causing him. He had so far managed to keep from speaking about his inner turmoil, but he could tell from the few times he had encountered this woman, that she was not one to be turned away so easily. Taking a deep breath, the elf concentrated on the view he had from where the pair stood; the rain was doing nothing to hinder his vision at all, but was helping to obstruct Eowyn's enough for her to not be able to see the pure sadness that now radiated in the