Friends to Lovers Contest Title: Long Time Coming Summary: Garrett knew he could never have the one he wanted most. A phone call changed everything. Pairing: Garrett/Edward Rating: M Prompt used: #31 The One Where They All Turn Thirty Word count: 9468 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. … I'd known Edward Masen since high school. He'd moved to Forks in tenth grade from Chicago and quickly became one of the most popular kids at Forks High. Not only did he have the advantage of being new and from a big city, but he had the kind of personality that drew people to him. He was effortlessly charming, but not insincere. Even back then, you could easily envision him going on to become a successful politician. He was also strikingly beautiful, not a description that I would normally apply to a man, but it fit Edward, with his high cheekbones, sea-glass green eyes with long lashes, and beautifully shaped lips. It was a masculine beauty, without a doubt, and he had the body to complement it: tall and lithe, with long, taut muscles. All the girls at Forks High wanted Edward. He was the perfect combination of all of the things most girls wanted in a boyfriend: gorgeous, personable, funny and non-threatening. Unlike some of the neanderthals at Forks High he treated everyone with respect, especially the girls. Some of the boys wanted him, too, although none would ever admit it. I was one of them. … I had always felt like a bit of an outsider, and held myself apart from most of the other kids. For some reason Edward zeroed in on me, and we became fast friends. I liked his quirky taste in music and movies, and I never felt like an oddball with him. We became best friends. We spent almost all of our free time together, usually studying at Edward's house. In addition to being charming and gorgeous, Edward was brilliant. He took his studies seriously, as did I, and I looked forward to the time alone with him, even if I could never tell him how I truly felt about him. I made do with stolen glances, wishing my crush would die out and I could enjoy Edward's friendship without my heart cracking every time I remembered that he could never be mine. Although he could have had his pick of girls, Edward didn't start dating until about a year after he'd moved to Forks. He made what seemed to most an odd choice—Bella Swan, the police chief's daughter. She was pretty, but not the most beautiful girl in our class. Quiet, smart, definitely not the most likely to put out, not that that was Edward's main concern in choosing a girlfriend. He wasn't one of those guys who was just looking for easy sex. It was clear to anyone who saw them together that he worshipped the ground Bella walked on, and she adored him. They were together throughout the rest of high school, and seemed likely to be that couple who lasted through college and then got married, bought a house and had kids. Edward was friendly to everyone, but our close circle of friends included me, Edward and Bella, Alice Brandon, Rosalie Hale and Emmett Cullen. It was always the six of us who went to the movies together, to the diner when we were bored and it was late and nothing else was open, and to each other's houses to watch television or play video games. Rosalie and Emmett were a couple, too. They'd been together since the summer after ninth grade. Sometimes when we were all hanging out it was awkward. The couples would pair off, Em and Rose not caring who saw them groping each other, and Edward and Bella being more discreet. Alice and I would just roll our eyes and carry on doing whatever we'd been doing. I knew Alice had a crush on me. I wasn't sure what to do about it. I didn't really feel anything for her beyond friendship. By tenth grade, I'd known for a while that girls didn't do it for me, but Forks was a small, conservative town where everyone knew everyone else's business. When Alice got brave and kissed me one Friday night at Emmett's, I decided to take her into my confidence. She was a bit embarrassed, but was cool about it when I told her I liked boys. She laughed ruefully and apologized. It felt good to share my secret with someone, but I didn't dare tell even Alice that I had fallen for Edward. She had asked, of course, if there was anyone I was interested in. I merely shrugged and laughed at the idea of finding a boyfriend in the miniscule dating pool that was Forks. Alice was a good sport about accompanying me to any events that required a date, making it easy to avoid speculation about my sexuality. Even Edward had asked curiously if there was anything going on between us. That all ended senior year, when Jasper Whitlock moved to Forks from Texas. His southern charm swept Alice right off her feet, and from then on I simply pretended to be too busy with my studies to bother with girls. We remained friends throughout high school, and after, though we became far-flung and didn't see each other as often as we would have liked. Emmett and Rose went to California for college, and stayed there afterward. He opened a veterinary practice in Santa Monica and Rose was currently home, pregnant with their first child. Alice and Jasper went to UDub, as did I. They were still in Seattle, where Jasper taught and Alice had a small boutique. Not too far, but just far enough that I only saw Alice every other month or so. We'd remained close after I confided my secret to her. She was a good friend and had helped me through many tough times. I never did tell her about Edward, though. That was my secret, and I suffered with it in silence. Edward and Bella had gone to Chicago for college. They were married shortly after, and settled in a cushy suburb. Edward was a lawyer; Bella had used her journalism degree to land her dream job, writing for the Tribune. Being that they were halfway across the country, we'd hardly seen each other since high school, but social media made it easy to stay in touch. Edward and I chatted frequently throughout college, until junior year, when I finally worked up the courage to tell him I was gay. My freshman year of college I'd been too used to repressing my true desires to actively come out. There was no question in my mind that I was attracted to men; I simply wasn't comfortable being open about it. It took me until sophomore year to come out, and even then, I was still so hung up on Edward that dating held little appeal. I did eventually accept a few dates, and even had a couple short-lived relationships, but it was Edward whom I longed to kiss and touch. We'd been chatting online one night in the middle of junior year when I had the overwhelming urge to confess to Edward that I was gay. Not that I expected him to declare his love for me; I'd held back from telling him because I worried my feelings for him would be so clear he'd hear it in my voice. My stomach was in knots as I typed the words I'd held in for so long. I hesitated before sending the message; somehow it felt wrong to tell him in this impersonal way. I deleted what I'd written, and typed "I need to talk to you—going to call now." I typed his number into my phone with shaking hands. It only rang once before I heard his deep voice. "Garrett? What's up, man? Everything okay?" The concern lacing his voice made me feel guilty. "Yeah, everything's fine. I just wanted to tell you this in person, kind of...I'm gay, Edward. I came out at school last year." There was a beat of silence. "Well, I guess that makes sense. I always wondered why you never dated. I thought maybe you and Alice really were hooking up." I laughed nervously. "Alice knew I was gay back then, Edward. I had to tell her—she had a crush on me, and I didn't want to hurt her. She's been an amazing friend." Edward was quiet again. "Well, I'm happy for you, Gar. That's great. You shouldn't have to hide who you are. So, um...are you seeing anyone?" "No, not at the moment. I've dated a little, but nothing serious." No one could compete with you , I thought. "How'd your parents take it?" "Pretty good, actually. I don't think it was a complete surprise to them. My dad's had a harder time with it than my mom, but he's come around, more or less." The conversation staggered on for a few minutes more. I sensed some discomfort on Edward's end and tried to change course. "So, how's it going with Bella?" His reply sounded almost rehearsed. I wondered if my news had upset him. "Great, never better. I'm thinking about asking her to marry me. I mean, we wouldn't actually do it until we're finished with school, but, yeah...I want to marry her. She's it for me." Despite knowing that Edward would never return my feelings, my gut twisted at his mention of marriage. After a few more minutes of rather stilted small talk, Edward said that he had some reading to finish, and so we said an awkward good-bye. Though I knew I would have had to tell him eventually, his reaction to learning that I was gay saddened me. I hoped over time the shock would wear off and we would once again enjoy the closeness we'd had before. Things never really got back to normal between us, though. It hurt, knowing that my coming out had caused Edward's feelings towards me to change. I never saw him as homophobic, though it wasn't something we'd ever really discussed. Throughout the rest of college we talked sporadically, almost always when I had initiated the call. It seemed clear to me that Edward wasn't interested in continuing our friendship, but though he rarely called, he never outright rejected me, and I longed for him too much to sever our dying relationship. Edward was in his second year of law school when I got the invitation to his and Bella's wedding. Bella had wanted to finish graduate school before getting married, and the ceremony would be held in Chicago the summer after she graduated. I felt like I'd been punched in the stomach. Edward would be committing himself to someone else, and any tiny sliver of hope I'd harbored that he might someday want me died. Of course I attended the wedding; though it seemed masochistic, I couldn't pass up an opportunity to see him again, no matter how painful it might be. It had been a couple of years since I'd seen Em and Rose; they'd heard my news through the grapevine and after briefly acknowledging it, it was forgotten and we talked easily of what we'd been doing these last few years. I wondered why Edward and I hadn't been able to maintain our friendship in the same way. Seeing Edward standing at the altar made a lump rise in my throat. He looked so handsome in his tux, with his wayward auburn hair somewhat tamed and an adoring smile on his face. Bella was stunning in a very simple cream gown. As they were opening a door on a new life, I was closing one. My obsession with Edward had to end; I was wasting my life pining for someone I could never have. After the ceremony, I saw Edward