Friends to Lovers Contest Title: Missed Opportunities Summary: 'It was a pretty romantic setting, if you overlooked the fact that your best friend didn't know you were in love with him, and your dad was in the woods relieving himself.' - Bella and Edward have been best friends since they were six years old. As they approach a new chapter in life, who will be brave enough to make the first move, before it's too late? Pairing: Edward/ Bella Rating: M Prompt: #3 The One With the Princess Leia Fantasy Word Count: 4500 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Four eyes! Four eyes!" "Waiting for a flood, Smella?" "Why don't you have a mom?" "What is wrong with you?" Bella Swan stood shaking on the playground trying not to cry. She knew if she started crying it would only fuel the fire for the bullies. She'd been listening to their taunts for two years now, but it never got easier. Ever since her mom had walked out on her and her dad, it had only gotten worse. Bella was just about to go hide in the library when she heard scuffling and shouting behind her. "Ouch, I'm gonna tell!" "Why are you so angry? We're just picking on her!" "What are you, her boyfriend or something?" "Oooohhh! Smella's got a boyfriend!" Bella stood speechless, while a kid she didn't recognize came roaring to her defense. He was tall for a first grader. He had red hair and freckles, he wore glasses and was the cutest boy Bella had ever seen. Before she had a chance to thank the newcomer, Ms. Webber had broken the group up and called for her class to line up. Recess was over and Bella spent the rest of the afternoon thinking about the freckle-faced boy that dared to speak up for her. Ten Years Later "Why do we have to watch this again? We've seen it a million times, plus you have the poster of Princess Leia in that stupid bikini in your room. I know that's the only reason Return of the Jedi is your favorite." "Uhh huh, and if I let you pick the movie, we'll be watching 10 Things I Hate About You, again. No deal, Swan." "I'll write your lit paper that's due next week. I know you haven't started on it yet, much less read the book." "Ha, I have started on the paper, sort of. Still no deal." "Fine. We can watch your fantasy girl movie again." Bella's comment immediately made the tips of Edward's ears and cheeks turn a deep pink. As a sixteen-year-old male with zero control over his body's reactions, he would prefer his best friend not to mention fantasies of any sort. Bella and Edward had been inseparable since he moved to Forks, the winter of first grade. He had never given much thought to the fact that his best friend was a girl. She was just Bella to him. However, this past summer, Bella traded in her one piece swimsuit for a bikini. His once skinny and shapeless best friend now had breasts and curves. For the first time in his life, Edward had a Bella-induced boner. That night, Edward lay awake in bed, trying to get the image of Bella out of his mind with no success. He was no stranger to self-love, and most of his fantasies revolved around Princess Leia and that damn gold bikini, but that night, every time he closed his eyes he saw a different brunette wearing a blue two-piece. When did Bella get breasts? They weren't huge or anything, but they were nice and perky. This led Edward to wonder what color her nipples were, which caused him to groan in frustrated arousal. Was he really about to jerk off thinking about his best friend? After a few quick strokes, Edward came in his hand. It was the most powerful orgasm of his life. That was the first night Edward fantasized about Bella Swan. Bella was starting to notice Edward's awkward behavior around her. She had always been very affectionate with him, but lately if she hugged him, he tensed up or pulled away completely. After she mentioned his fantasy lover on Friday night, he suddenly claimed he didn't feel very well and was going to head home. Bella tried so hard to keep her feelings to herself, but he must have picked up on it. She had always had a crush on Edward, ever since the day he came to her rescue in the playground all those years ago. She'd always been able to tamp her feelings down; his friendship was worth too much to her. Bella couldn't risk telling him she wanted more, and him not feeling the same way. Besides, there was no way Edward would be attracted to her, she was just 'Swan' to him. His gangly and awkward best friend. Over the summer, there were a few instances when Bella thought Edward might see her as something more. She could have sworn he was checking her out the first time she wore the bikini in front of him, but she chalked that up to his shock at seeing her in something other than a snarky t-shirt and jeans. She would never admit she bought it with him in mind, especially when the salesgirl guaranteed her it would turn heads. Probably in the opposite direction . Bitch probably worked on commission . For now, Bella would keep her growing feelings for Edward to herself. She'd never been brave, and she couldn't risk losing his friendship. Since the night of the movie fiasco, when Edward had to fake an illness and flee Bella's house, his feelings for her had only intensified. This was obviously not just a crush that was going to pass. Every time he looked at her, he wanted to tell her how beautiful he thought she was. He wanted to touch her face to see if the skin was as soft as it looked. Her long dark hair tortured him constantly. For one thing, it often hid her face, which was completely unacceptable to him. Edward longed to push it behind her ear, or fist the mahogany strands in his hands as he kissed her. And my God, had she always smelled so good? He snooped around in her bathroom one day after school, but only found drugstore brand shampoo and body wash in her shower. Was it possible that her natural scent could be this appealing? Edward felt like he was losing his mind. He seriously needed to either man up, and tell Bella his feelings had changed, or get a grip. Bella was starting to notice his odd behavior. "EDWARD! Jeez, where did you go? I called your name three times." "What? Oh, um, I'm sorry. Just tired I guess. What did you say?" "I was saying, I couldn't believe Mike Newton asked me to the Valentine's Dance. He hasn't spoken to me since elementary school. I think he must be desperate since him and Jessica broke up." Edward tried to keep his emotions in check, but his voice betrayed him, and even he could hear the panic when he asked Bella what she said to Mike. "What did you say? You're not going with him are you? Bella, he's a crap weasel!" "Of course I'm not going with him. For one thing, I don't dance. And I've heard all about where his mouth and various other appendages have been. No, thank you." Edward breathed a sigh of relief just as an idea occurred to him. He could ask Bella to the dance. This could be his chance to tell her he wanted to be more than just her dorky best friend. He didn't want to just blurt it out, though. He needed to think of what to say. And shouldn't he bring flowers? His sister Rosalie always got pissed when her boyfriend Emmett showed up without flowers. His sister was kind of a bitch though, so maybe he shouldn't go by her expectations. Bella was nothing like Rosalie. Rose and her best friend, Alice, were extremely high maintenance. He honestly felt bad for their boyfriends, Emmett and Jasper. They seemed like decent guys, and those chicks were a handful. Edward realized he had spaced out again, but Bella didn't seem to notice. She was typing furiously on her phone, and not paying any attention to him. She was probably tweeting about Game of Thrones . She was a huge fan of the show, and a dedicated member of the fandom on Twitter. Edward had to smile at the memory of discovering Bella's naughty stash of Game of Thrones fanfiction, stored on her laptop. It secretly thrilled him that she enjoyed reading erotica, even if she'd never admit it. Edward was about to call it a night, needing to head home and practice what he wanted to say to Bella when he made his declaration of love. He was just about to pack up when Charlie came upstairs. Since Edward and Bella had been friends since they were six, Charlie had never questioned their platonic relationship, and had always allowed Edward in Bella's room. Edward made a mental note to keep Charlie out of the loop once he and Bella was officially a couple. Well, if she felt the same way, that is. "Bells, Edward, you getting your homework done?" "Hi Dad, yeah we're almost finished. Did you see the plate I left in the oven for you?" "Sure did. Got it warming up now. I wanted to see what you kids had planned for next weekend. The weather is supposed to be really nice, and we haven't been camping in a while." Edward suppressed a groan and looked to Bella for guidance. They hated camping with Charlie, but neither had the heart to tell him this. They both suffered in silence, while pretending to enjoy fishing and roughing it as much as Charlie did. Bella forced a smile and said, "Yeah Dad, that sounds like fun. We need to be home early though." Edward's heart rate picked up. Was Bella planning to go to the dance with somebody other than Mike? She had only mentioned him asking, but that didn't mean another guy hadn't as well. His hands involuntarily clenched into fists and he was starting to sweat. "Why do you need to be home early? You kids never go to those dances." Bella scoffed at her dad. "Of course we're not going to the dance. The Game of Thrones season premier is Sunday night. I need to get my homework and laundry done before then." While it wasn't as bad as Edward feared, he was still heartbroken. No, Bella wasn't going to the dance with another guy; it appeared she wasn't interested in going at all. At least they would be together on Valentine's Day. Maybe he could talk to her that weekend while Charlie fished. This thought led to thoughts of him sneaking into her tent, which caused his dick to harden. A boner in front of Bella was embarrassing enough. He did not need Charlie to notice that . Edward quickly said his goodnights, and headed home to handle the growing situation in his jeans. Valentine's weekend passed with neither Edward or Bella confessing their feelings, however Bella felt certain Edward was about to tell her something important, when Charlie completely ruined the moment. It was late afternoon, and the sun was starting to set. A pretty romantic setting, if you overlooked the fact that your best friend didn't know you were in love with him, and your dad was in the woods relieving himself. Bella and Edward were sitting on some driftwood in front of the fire. Even with the fire, it was still cold and they were sharing a blanket. Bella's hand was twitching. She wanted to hold Edward's in hers so badly.