Friends to Lovers Contest Title: 4500 Miles Summary: A one-sided love that has blossomed over the years. A crush sparked by a naked man running. This is a story about two students finding a home in each other, 4500 miles apart. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Prompt used: 29. The One with the Proposal Word count: 14864 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. 4500 Miles BPOV It's a hundred and fifteen yards in length and seventy-four in width. Three hundred and seventy-eight yards is its perimeter. The distance I'll have to run. It's not too bad, I guess. It's only about a quarter mile. It'll take about five minutes...and become the most humiliating five minutes of my life. I'm not one to be self-conscious about my body. It's a body; everyone has one. It's not perfect, nor does it resemble a skinny runway model's, but it does its job quite efficiently, and I'm happy with it. Even now, when I have to run a quarter mile— gulp —completely naked, I still don't regret my body, its cushiness or its pale tone. I just wish I hadn't been so lazy and worked out at least once a week. Okay, I'll stop lying to myself. I'm fat and now... oh, God. This is going to be mortifying. Why the fuck did I agree to this?! What kind of person makes a bet like this?! But wait, Emmett. That pervy jackass. Ugh. "Oy, Swan, time's a-wastin'! Strip for me, baby!" Emmett, the arsehole hollers from right behind me . I huff. Drunk idiot. Let's get this over with. I begin to take my jacket off...in my head. I need to find a way out of this. Come on, Swan, think fast. "Bella?" I jump as a pair of arms grabs my shoulders. " What?" I whip around so fast I almost break Edward's nose. It would've been his fault since he was standing so close. Sneaky son of a bitch. "I'll do it. You're obviously uncomfortable with the idea, and that's the last thing I want you to be." He smiles at me, his eyes kind. He gets those from his father, Carlisle Cullen (a.k.a. DILF of the century.) He also gets his nose, height and ridiculously long eyelashes from DILFy. I mean seriously, us girls lump tubes of mascara on those tiny hairs for length and volume, but the guys are born with long, perfectly curled lashes. Hmph. "Ummm, Bella?" I blink. I think he said something again. Dammit, I should really stop zoning out. "Huh?" He leans forward with a devilish glint in his eyes. "I said if I do it, you owe me something." I narrow my eyes in suspicion. "Something?" "Yes, something. I don't even know what yet, but I promise it won't be as ridiculous as this." Should I trust him? Well, he's Edward. I'm 99.99% sure I'm better off making a deal with Edward than Emmett. It's not like it's my soul on the line. So as much as I don't like backing down, I nod because there's no way in Hell I'm running naked around a soccer field...or worse, getting naked in front of Emmett. Edward smiles again, and I'm distracted by his pearly white teeth. Did I mention Carlisle is a dentist? Lucky bastard. Edward stumbles slightly as he walks backward (which he really shouldn't be doing with two bottles of beer inside him), and I watch as he sweet-talks Emmett into letting him run instead of me. Actually, I'm pretty sure he's threatening the behemoth by the look his face...or maybe it's blackmail because one simply does not threaten Emmett McCarty. I don't know what the hell he said, though I would love to know, but seconds later, Edward Cullen is stripping. I watch with slight fascination as he removes his jacket and button-down in one smooth motion and pulls his gray t-shirt over his head. I may or may not be ogling his side muscles. I mean, I know he works out, but I've never imagined that he looks this good. He should be a goddamn model, not a doctor. Edward catches my stare and winks. Cocky fucker. I reply by sticking my tongue out and turning my back to him like a mature adult. I hear him unzip his pants, and I'm tempted to take a peek. I've overheard Jess fawning over his cock (she's his ex-girlfriend), and I'm pretty sure one of these days, she's going to build a shrine for it. Now you can see why I must know. Thankfully, Emmett, being his ignorant, drunk self, starts hollering for his Rosy, and I pretend to look back at him in annoyance while peeking at Edward's naked form. Alright, I want to make it clear Edward is my FRIEND , and there's no way in hell he'll actually be interested in my fat ass, before I (this is a once-in-a-lifetime occurrence, people) agree with Jessica Stanley. Hell, I'll probably help build the fucking shrine because he is quite well-hung. I mean, it's not a monstrosity or something, just average...when he's not even hard. I try to keep the blood from rushing to my face, because I'm not a nun, but with the thoughts that are involuntarily running through my head about my FRIEND , I'm not exactly going to heaven. I know he was never the lanky nerdy boy, but I never expected this . This has forced me to consider why he doesn't have women flocking around him. He should. Maybe he's gay and never told me? Nah, he's too...straight for that. I never really got the gay vibe from him. Besides, from what I gathered, Edward wasn't always this nice. I'm sure he was never cruel, but I remember Jessica mentioning that he was a loner of sorts. That is quite believable considering Emmett, Rose and I are his only close friends. Edward talks easily, but he only hangs out with a few. He's always had this charm about him...as if he can never do anything wrong, but he never takes advantage of that. No, I've always been grateful to Emmett and Rose, who keep him grounded in that regard. Speaking of the Devil, Rose calls me over to sit next to her on the bleachers. Emmett's near the track, whistle and timer in hand. "What's with the stopwatch?" I nudge Rose. She shrugs. "They made another bet." I roll my eyes. I'm never making a bet again in my life. I watch in fascination and gratitude as Edward crouches down, his lean, muscular body ready to sprint, while Emmett counts down. Exactly at 'one', Edward shoots forward (I have also mentioned that he's on the track team, yes?). I'm quite surprised Emmett doesn't have his phone out, recording the whole thing, but I shouldn't give him any ideas. I turn back to see Edward on the far side of the track. He's already halfway done. Grrrrr... I half-watch him as he finishes the round, flying past Emmett, because you know, normal people don't ogle at their friend's naked body. But apparently, I fail to be discreet enough as Rose nudges me with her elbow and winks. I, of course, blush. Damn blush. EPOV Bella is late, which is unusual. Bella is the most punctual person I know. It isn't unusual for her to be somewhere fifteen minutes early. Class starts in just a few minutes, though, and English is her favorite. I swear that girl reads more than my mum, and that's saying something. Maybe I should have called this morning and made sure she was okay? Yesterday was sort of crazy. She might be hung over. I knew I should have told Emmett beforehand to watch his mouth. I know how Bella handles embarrassment, and Emmett loves to embarrass people. I could have killed him when he bet her to streak across the football field. Of course, Bella wouldn't back down either. It is one of the things I love about her. Oh, yes. I, Edward Cullen, love Bella Swan, my best friend. Of course, she doesn't notice. I'm just her friend. I've tried everything to change her mind, but it just hasn't worked. Anyway, I had to threaten Emmett that I would tell Rosalie about the porn he keeps hidden if he made Bella go through with it. Bella is just so insecure over her body. Something that would make her feel worse about it would happen over my dead body. It makes the fact that she isn't here yet all the more worrying. Maybe last night affected her more than she let on? Maybe she was mad at me for stepping in? That wouldn't surprise me. I manage to convince myself this is the case and work myself into a mess about it when I finally see her walk through the door. She sinks into the seat on my right and grins. My god, how does she keep getting even more beautiful? It's been less than six hours since the last time I saw her, but she looks even more beautiful. Her long, mahogany hair is glossy and frames her angelic face. Her cheeks are slightly pink, and her lips turn up in a smile. I catch myself staring and shake myself before I can start drooling. "Hey." My voice squeaks, and then I blush. Why did my voice have to do that? "I mean, hello. Good morning. Ya have a good night's sleep?" She giggles, and it's music to my ears. "Morning. I slept like a rock. I knew better than to drink that much." "Aye, you've been living here for a year and a half, babe. I would have thought you could handle your drink by now." She opens her mouth to deliver her comeback, but she never gets a chance to say it. At that moment the professor chooses to start class. Bella winks and turns her attention to the front. Fucking English. I'm not even allowed to pass notes to her during class. I try to pay attention. I really do, but English is just not a subject that interests me. Zoology or Biology and I'm all over it. English, not so much. So, I go to one of my favorite pastimes—watching Bella. I don't do it often, because I don't want to make her uncomfortable, but sometimes I just like to watch her. She is endlessly fascinating to me. When she's completely focused on something, she chews on her pen, and when she's frustrated, her eyes crinkle around the edges as she tries to think around it. I just can't get over her. English class is one of the safest places to do this because she's always focused on the professor, so I'm a little shocked when I slide my eyes over to her to find she's studying me and chewing on her pen. I know the look in her big, endless brown eyes. That's speculation. I watch as her gaze seems to wander from my neck, down my arms, and to my waist. It takes everything in me to keep from giggling when she suddenly blushes tomato red. What in God's name is she thinking about? Before I can look away, her eyes catch mine. For one tense, beautiful moment, we're caught in a bubble where just the two of us exist. I swear there's desire in her gaze. Her tongue comes out and wets her bottom lip. I want to tug that lip between my teeth. That would make her moan, and then I would swallow it with a kiss while my fingers tug down the cups of her bra… I'm shocked out of my fantasy when Bella flicks her dark curtain of hair over her shoulder, effectively obscuring my view of her face. Shit. I probably made her uncomfortable. On top of that, my jeans are now uncomfortably tight. I discreetly adjust myself and make a show of