Friends to Lovers Contest Title: Three Little Words Summary: Just one simple text, three little words, finally launched their friendship into something more. "He dumped me." Pairing: Emmett/Bella Rating: M Prompt used: #1- The One with the Blackout Word count: 4386 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The pounding on the door finally registered through the blaring noise of the music in my ears. When I pulled one ear bud out his voice was clear, even muffled through the door and all the way downstairs. "Bells? Don't make me break this damn door! I don't need your dad coming home to arrest me again!" I couldn't stop my smile as I wiped the remains of tears from my cheeks and tossed my phone on the bed to run down and let him in. I was surprised to see him here; I knew he had a date with Rosalie when I texted him earlier. Throwing open the door, I didn't even look at him before I launched myself into his arms. "Oh, Emmy! I'm so glad you're here!" He carried me into the house and shut the door behind us, but not before I saw the flash of lightning outside. Looked like a storm was brewing. Not wanting him to see my puffy eyes, I tucked my face against his chest as he carried me up the stairs and straight to my bedroom. He just pulled me closer to him and dropped a kiss on the top of my head; Emmett was the best snuggler. We didn't say a word until he settled himself against my headboard, dropping his huge shoes on the floor as he rearranged me on his lap. I kept my head ducked, and he finally sighed in exasperation, tipping my chin up with his finger. "Come on, Bells. It's me here. You can't hide shit from me." I looked up reluctantly and met his bright blue eyes, slightly shocked to find them even more serious than I expected. I knew when he saw my text that he would be worried about me, but the worry in his eyes seemed to go beyond that. Intuitively I knew- my best friend was hurting too. I turned enough to throw my arms around his neck, and I just let the floodgates open. I sobbed out my frustration, my embarrassment, my rage, and finally got to the root of the problem- my utter worthlessness. Emmett held me, stroking my back and humming softly. I heard him sniffle a few times, and I knew then that there was definitely more to his visit than my own shitty afternoon. If that bitch hurt him, there would be hell to pay. I didn't give a shit if she was Jasper's sister or not, I'd kick her ass for my Emmy. Alice would help me out too- she always looked out for her big brother. My tears finally ran out, and I wiped my nose on Emmett's shirt just to get a rise out of him. "Damn it, Bells! Why'd you do that? I like this shirt!" He continued grumbling as he pushed me backwards onto the bed so he could pull off his now-soaked polo shirt, which he promptly threw in my face. His white undershirt was even tighter than normal, and I realized with a start that Emmett was still growing! His flexed bicep was fucking massive! Shaking the odd thought away, I turned my attention to my slightly happier best friend. I gave him my best smile, but he just shook his head and turned his puppy-dog glare on me. I mean, I'm sure it intimidates the guys on the football team, but I know he's just a big teddy bear so it doesn't faze me. When he lowered his head and actually growled at me, I finally lost it, and I couldn't hold back my giggles. I just rolled over laughing at the indignant look on his face. When he suddenly got a gleam in his eye I was instantly suspicious, but he didn't give me a chance to move before he attacked. I'm sure the neighbors could hear my shriek when his long, thick fingers were suddenly digging into my side, tickling me mercilessly. "Not scared of me, huh Bells? I don't scare you? I'm gonna tickle you until you give in. I can do this all night..." Damn it, he always knows my weaknesses. That's the only downfall of being best friends since kindergarten. Fucker knows me too damn well. I managed to hold out a few more seconds before I caved, "Okay, okay! I give up! You're so fucking scary!" He sat back with a pleased smirk, but I noticed that it still didn't reach his eyes. Once I caught my breath, I leaned over against his shoulder. "Hey, you know you can talk to me, right Emmy?" The look he gave me was more knowing than I expected. Emmett was acting nothing like himself tonight. He sighed and put his arm around me, pulling me into his side. "Yeah, Bells, I know. But we might need to break into Charlie's stash for this conversation. Is he working all night?" Okay, this must be serious. The last time Emmy wanted to drink was when he broke his ankle the night before the last football game. He pouted until we downed half a bottle of tequila; then he was all better. "Sure," I said, pulling him up to stand. "You're staying over, right?" Everyone at school was always shocked when they found out Emmett was allowed to sleep over at my house. We'd started having sleepovers when we were five, and we never really stopped. I'm pretty sure Charlie thought that Emmett was gay, but he also loved him like a son. Emmy and Alice needed a father since their dad took off when they were younger, but his mom never dated, kind of like Charlie. As Emmett got bigger, Charlie started asking him to sleep over when my dad worked nights, so he didn't have to send me to stay with someone overnight. Ms. McCarty worked the night shift at the hospital a lot as well, and she sometimes sent them over to stay, or asked me to come stay at their house. We always joked that things would have been a lot easier if our parents could have fallen in love. We made our way downstairs, and the sound of the storm outside finally registered in the quiet house. Lightning lit up the windows every few seconds, and the thunder was gradually getting louder and louder. I hoped my dad was okay out there. I pulled out some chips and dip, and popped a bag of popcorn while Emmett poked through Charlie's liquor cabinet. He really didn't mind if we drank a bit, as long as we stayed at the house and didn't drive anywhere. He also didn't want me supplying anyone else—Emmett didn't count, of course. Emmy was quiet as we settled on the couch and turned on the TV. It didn't matter what was on—we were there to talk, not to watch. I handed him the chips and dip, settling the popcorn bowl on my own lap as I reached for the drink he handed me. He'd cut the rum with coke, so he apparently didn't want to get wasted right away. I watched him for a minute as he toyed with the unopened bag of chips, lost in thought and not looking the least bit happy about it. I set the popcorn aside and leaned over closer to him, resting my hand on his shoulder. "Hey," I said quietly, waiting for him to turn his head and look at me. The pain in his bright blue eyes nearly took my breath away. "What's wrong?" He sighed and shook his head. "I shouldn't be surprised. I mean, I don't know why she was with me in the first place. I always knew she'd find someone else and leave me." I knew it. That bitch did something to hurt him, and now I was going to have to kill her. "I'm sorry, Em. Want me to kick her ass?" My question did its job, and his mouth quirked up in a half smile, though it was clear he was still upset. "After this afternoon, I'd really like to see you try. I couldn't believe the way she reacted when you texted me; she really went off the deep end." It was my turn to drop my eyes; I knew I had something to do with it. I always fuck everything up. "Shh, Bells. It's okay. Don't cry anymore. I can't stand to see you cry!" I didn't realize I was crying until Emmett brought his huge hand up to my face and started to gently wipe my tears away. Food and drink forgotten, he pulled me onto his lap and wrapped his strong arms around me. He always made me feel so safe and secure in his gentle strength. My sweet teddy bear. "Bells, you gonna tell me what happened? Do I need to kick that prick's ass?" I knew he would get it out of me eventually, and I could trust him to keep it a secret from his loud-mouth sister. Maybe talking about it would help me move past the crippling humiliation and disappointment. Emmett would be pissed, but he'd also help me talk through it, just like everything else. The only person we could always count on was each other. Taking a deep breath, I leaned my head against his chest and focused on his strong, steady heartbeat. He ran his hand over my hair and down my back, instantly calming me enough to speak. "Well, I waited for Edward after school, until he was finished with track. He was the only one in the dressing room since he stayed so long running, and I, uh, went in there while he was showering. "He was just stepping out when he saw me, and he asked me what the hell I was doing." Just thinking of the words made me cringe. He'd been so angry, so shocked that I would actually want to push our relationship to the next level. Emmett hugged me tighter when he felt my shiver. "Um, I told him I was ready... you know... ready to do it. Ready for... sex." Emmett tensed under me, and I glanced at him in worry. He'd always told me about his sexual experiences, so I assumed he'd be okay with me talking about mine, or my almost experience. Fucking Edward Cullen. Or not fucking Edward Cullen... "Anyway, he got really angry and then he just... he, he laughed at me! He fucking laughed at me like I was some fucking joke! He said, 'I gave up on getting that from you a long time ago. That ship has sailed, love.' He told me he didn't want me that way, that he wasn't going to waste his time on some naïve virgin." I swore I felt Emmett growl, and he pulled back enough to look in my face as he shook my shoulders a little. "You listen to me, Bells. You are way too good for that stuck up prick. You're worth ten of Edward fucking Cullen. He never deserved you." His eyes were darker, and I could see how serious he was. Not for the first time, I wondered why I couldn't date a guy that was as great as Emmett. No one else I had met ever quite measured up to my best friend. We didn't move for a minute, and I actually started to feel a bit awkward now that my thoughts had taken that turn. He was frowning a bit and seemed to be thinking about something as well, so I finally just leaned over and hugged him, then settled back on the couch to watch TV. We watched a