Friends to Lovers Contest Title: Endlessly Summary: He's my cinnamon-sweet soft spot, and I'm the friend who gives him everything. I'm just waiting for him to ask for more. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Prompt used: #30 - The One with the Nap Partners Word count: 9474 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A sweat-slick boy palm wraps around my wrist, and even though my first instinct is to yell YUCK and jerk away, I'm pretty sure I'm not supposed to be loud at a wedding reception. So I don't do that. I don't cause a scene. And luckily, when this particular boy speaks, I figure out that it's just Edward. And he's a boy, but he's not gross. Just a little sweaty when he's nervous. "Bella," he tugs on my arm and whispers in my ear. His breath is hot and tickly and smells like Big Red chewing gum. I tuck my head into my shoulder and giggle and twist away because yeah, okay, my neck is super-ticklish. "Sorry, sorry!" he says, pulling me back to whisper again. This time he doesn't get too close, so even though I still smell warm-cinnamon-sunshine, it doesn't make me twist away or laugh too loud. "Bella, you have to help me." I check on our moms from across the room. It's pretty dark, and the music's loud, so I don't think we'll get in trouble for playing right now. I turn to face him and really want to mess up his combed-over hairdo. Normally, his bronze hair is crazy untamable and tangled, one big rat's nest , Esme says, but tonight he bought hair gel and she styled it for him. It looks different, and it's weird. "Okay, nerd bomber, what's up?" "Don't call me that!" Edward hates to be called a nerd. And he's not one, he's actually really cool. But I know it bugs him. One time in elementary school I caught Mike Newton calling him one out in the courtyard after school, and I stuck my Bubblicious bubble gum in his sandy blond stupid hair and mashed it in so deep he had to buzz it off. I gave it a good yank while I was in there, too. He hasn't spoken to me – or Edward – since. Cause I'm the only person allowed to pick on the walking-nerd-alert. "Sor-ry, Ed-ward." I seriously have to twist the skirt of my dress up into my hand to keep from ruining his hair style. He'd be so mad. "Okay, just listen," he says, getting all serious and conspiratorial. He finally lets go of my arm so he can fidget with his necktie, and I have to wipe off the warmth. He told me when we were getting ready that ties are really uncomfortable. I told him there's no way that ties are as bad as stockings. "See those girls over there?" Of course I see them. They're from the bride's side, and they're the prettiest girls our age in the room. And they're staring right at us. So yeah, I see them. And I kind of don't like the way they're looking over here and then whispering. I wonder if they're talking about me. I look down at my dark purple, modest, plain-boring-Jane dress. They're showing skin, at the neck and the knees, and I know my Dad would never let me out of the house like that. Especially not to a public event like this one. To the beach, maybe. "Yeah, what about them?" "Well that blonde one asked me to dance." Now I'm kind of mad, and I'm not sure why. Just that Goldilocks seems pretty brave, and too bold for her own good. "Well, are you gonna?" I ask, looking back into petrified green eyes. "What?! No way!" He looks like I just asked him if he wanted to be exposed to the norovirus. I smile. "She's…" I can tell he's trying to phrase this properly. He has this thing where he chews on the inside of his cheeks when he's thinking too hard. "She's just weird, and she keeps staring, and she won't leave me alone!" My poor nerdtorious seems a nervous wreck. "Tell her to fuck off." "Shhhh!" "Well?" I shrug. "Ugh, I can't say that. And anyway, she's Rosie's little sister, so I can't," he whines. "Well, what do you want me to do?" He blushes and fidgets with his tie again. "Don't get mad, okay?" Uh oh. "What? What did you do?" He clears his throat and looks at his shiny black shoes. "I kind of, um, told-them-you-were-my-girlfriend." He says the words so fast it takes me a minute to really hear them. Then I just start laughing. He snaps his head up to look at me and his face is so red. "What? Why are you laughing?" "Nothing, that's just really funny to me. Why'd you do that?" "I don't know, I just didn't want to be mean, and I figured that it wouldn't hurt her feelings if I told her no for a reason. You know, other than that I'm not at all interested in dancing with her, like at all. So I told her I had a girlfriend. And she didn't even believe me. She said, 'who?!', so I said your name. I'm really sorry." "It's okay, E." "Really?" "Yeah, sure. It's fine. Let's have some fun with them. Bet we can make her jealous!" I wrap my arm around his shoulder and pull him close. He smiles and gets a wicked look in his eye right before he kisses my cheek. I laugh again because it's weird, but kind of good. I feel warm all over and happy. We can play this game and mess with these girls and it will just be the two of us, which I always really like. "Want to dance?" I whisper in his ear. "I bet she'll be so, so mad!" He nods, and the next song is slow and a disco ball drops from the ceiling, sending sparkles of reflected light all over the room. He grabs my wrist again, but that's not what a boyfriend would do, so I pull loose and wrap my hand up in his, tangling our fingers together. His palm is still slick and sweaty and warm, but it's kind of nice, actually. He looks at our hands and then up at me and smiles, and I like it, like, a lot. So I smile back. We push past my drunk cousin Jasper and his trashy girlfriend Alice who are dancing dirty. Mom and Esme really don't like her, and I heard them say they can't believe he's acting like that about a girl. I check out her short, sparkly dress and even though it's too-tight, and too-small, and too-sexy, I like the way she looks, and I want to be pretty and desired like that too. When we get to the middle of the floor, I forget about her long legs and tiny dress and remember that I'm playing a game with Edward. He stands there kind of awkwardly and I know how to do this, even if we've never done it together, so I put my hands up on his shoulders and wrap them around his neck. He wipes his hands on his suit pants and then puts them on my hips. I can instantly feel them, his heat seeping through the purple fabric. "Sorry my hands are sweaty," he whispers. "It's okay." Because it is. He looks over my shoulder and smiles, then kind of dances me around in a circle so I can see, too. The blonde little girl, in her frilly pink dress, and her dark-haired friend dressed all in green are standing on the edge of the dance floor, and they're staring. I smile and am tempted to stick my tongue out at them when I see Mom catch sight of us over their shoulders. "Ah, crap," I say. "What?" Edward asks, still rotating us around, and around, rocking back and forth. "Mom just saw us." "Oh no," Edward actually pales a little, and sure enough, it's about 15 seconds before both my Mom and Esme are pushing through dancing couples to come ooh and aah and snap pictures of us. "Go away, Mom!" I hiss. "But baby you look so sweet with Edward! Let me just get a few more pictures!" "Mooooooommmm," Edward groans, but he doesn't stop dancing with me, or take his hands from my hips. "Oh my god, Renee, they're adorable!" Esme gushes. I blush. I mean, adorable isn't exactly what we're going for. The moment's ruined anyway, and blondie is no longer watching, and the lights come up a little and the DJ starts talking. Edward and I break contact and our Moms wander off, giggling with each other about their cutie-pie kids. The dance floor is clearing and the DJ says the bride is going to throw the bouquet, so I follow Edward off to the side where we were standing earlier. Near the chocolate fountain. I see Rose's sister coming toward us, and so I grab Edward's elbow and tug him around. We weave through the adults, in and out of their tall bodies, till we get near the exit. I kind of huff-laugh and turn back around to talk to him. "I think we lost them," I say, smiling. I hear squeals as a bunch of girls fight over some stupid flowers. Edward looks back over his shoulder then looks at me, smiling. "Yeah, we totally did. Thanks, Bella." "Sure," I answer, because really, it was fun, and there's not much I wouldn't do for Edward. Then, she pops up again, stalking us like a psycho. "Oh my God," he says when he sees her staring. "There she is again!" And I don't care if she hears me when I say, "Let's get out of here and away from them, boyfriend. " Edward's eyes get almost as big as Rose's sister's. But I tug on his elbow and lead him out the doors of the reception hall and to the elevators. "Oh, Mom and Renee are going to be so mad!" He laughs. We're both excited because we snuck out, and I stuck it to the little stalker girl. I push the up arrow. "We'll just ride the elevator up and then back down. Then I'll go in and tell them we want to go to the pool. Maybe they'll let us if we go together." He scoffs, but agrees. When the doors ding and open, our Dads get off, and they have unlit cigars in their hands. Dad tries to stuff his into his coat pocket, but he's totally busted. "Where are you two going?" Carlisle asks. Carlisle is the coolest dad, ever. He lets Edward do whatever he wants. It's crazy. My dad is so the opposite. I change the subject before Edward answers. "Dad, what is that?" I point straight at the half of the cigar sticking out of his pocket. "It's nothing, Bella. Carlisle asked where you think you're going." Well, he didn't say it like that, but whatever. "We just want to ride the elevator up to the top. It's so fast." He still looks at me as if I'm like, four, so of course he thinks I'd be impressed by an elevator. Carlisle kind of shakes his head and laughs, and Edward tugs on his tie again. I swear I'm going to rip it off him if he keeps it up; it's super annoying. I bet he's doing it since he can't pull on his slicked-down hair. "Okay kids," Carlisle says, giving us permission before Dad can speak up again. "Just don't be gone too long." I think they're going to go back to the party, but they turn and head for the front entrance of the hotel instead. That's when I think of it – I'm so