CHAPTER ONE "Tell me more about this Bella Swan." Fuck. "There's nothing to tell." I growled. "I don't believe that's true. You wouldn't have mentioned her if there was nothing to tell, Edward." Dr. Harper wasn't going to let this go. Of course that's what I paid her for. She gave me the stare, like she had done many times throughout our…history together. Caroline Harper, the most expensive and revered psychiatrist in all of Los Angeles, which is saying something seeing how this town was filled with crazy celebrities and their drug, image, and mental health problems. Dr. Harper hated when I called people crazy. She said that term was not recognized by the Mental Health Association and it would be wise of me to do the same. She was one of the few people who I allowed to stand up to me because I respected her. I sighed still unable to answer her question. "Edward, my time is valuable as I am fully aware yours is as well. If you don't want to answer the question, then go and come back when you can." Dr. Caroline Harper always so matter of fact. "It's your job to help me." I reminded her. "I can't help you if you aren't willing to work with me. Besides, you are no longer under court order to see me so if you refuse to talk with me then I will move on to someone who knows they need my help." She stated. "Really? Which crazy coke addict former child star is waiting to jump on this couch next?" I rolled my eyes. "You can leave now, Mr. Cullen. I think we're done here. Maybe I can refer you to another doctor. It seems that I am unable to help you." Great, she referred to me as Mr. Cullen which translates to do as I say or I'm cutting you off. Not the first time she brought out the Mr. Cullen and she knew I knew what she meant by it. "Fine, what do you want to know?" I barked. "Bella, was just a girl. She's from my past and she doesn't matter anymore so I don't see the reason to waste my breath talking about her." I pinched the bridge of my nose hoping to relieve my incredible mounting headache. She knew I was lying. No one showed that much passion or emotion when talking about a person they didn't care about. "Why don't you start with telling me how you met her?" Dr. Harper looked down at her pad and started to write a short scribble. "Your doctor visits should really come with a vending machine of alcohol." I remarked. "Noted." She dismissed. I paused for a long moment thinking about the first time I met Isabella Swan. "We met in high school. I was a transfer student and if you can believe it; I was wildly unpopular." It was my first day at Forks High. My father had just transferred from a hospital in Seattle to the small by comparison hospital in Port Angeles. He wanted me to grow up out of the city and so he sacrificed his career for my mother and I. Not that he was hurt by the pay decrease he took since his parents left him a rather tidy sum. If my father wasn't such an honorable and good man I might have hated him for it that first day I stepped foot on the Forks High campus. The school was tiny compared to the one I attended in Seattle. In Seattle I was free to get lost in the crowd but with Forks High total student body still unable to even come close to just the freshman class at my old school it was hard for me to blend in. "Who's this freak?" A couple of guys already had me on their radar by second period. I didn't answer them and I tried to ignore them but it was getting increasing harder every minute. "Hey freak, we're talking to you." One of them shoved me from behind and I managed to put my hands out in front of me to stop my face from colliding with the lockers. "What do you want?" I asked angered. "Man, don't get all violent. We're just the Forks High School welcoming committee and want to make your acquaintance. I'm Mike and that's Tyler." "Edward. Can I go now?" I hissed. Mike gave the gesture that I was free to be on my way but just as I passed him he pushed all the books out of my hands and it all went flying to the large puddle of water below me. The guys laughed as they left me to deal with the mess. I was angry and embarrassingly enough I was fighting back tears. By lunch time it seemed like I had met the entire student body and even though this environment was vastly different from my last school the stereotypes had found their way to Forks. The hot and they know it vain girls whose giggling was nails to a chalkboard. The jocks that I already had the fortunate run in with. Some brainy kids, who were still too cool to even acknowledge me. With this crowd it was sure hard to find a place to sit and eat my lunch in peace. I decided to sit outside the cafeteria. The windows looking in could give me the perfect view to observe this species in their natural habitat. It surprised me that the jocks didn't take to messing with the nerds. The nerds were left alone. I finally came to the conclusion that this school was operating on a pack mentality. They wouldn't bother you unless you were alone and the way I came to this conclusion was seeing a young girl with brown wavy hair who sat all by herself in the lunch room with a book in one hand and apple in the other. I hadn't even noticed her until I saw the hot and they know it girls get up and start surrounding her like prey circling around their next meal. One girl took the book right out of the brown hair girl's hands and tossed it aside. I could see the girls taunt her and laugh at her. I don't know why but I wanted to trade places with her. She didn't deserve this. I was getting up from my bench outside and stupidly preparing myself to try to intervene but just as I got to the trash can to throw my food away, Mike and Tyler showed up with a couple more of their jock friends. "Did you have a nice lunch, Eddie?" Mike asked. "Here, let me take that tray for you." Tyler took the tray out of my hand and tossed the contents into the trash. "Tyler, he obviously wasn't done eating that." Mike jokingly hit Tyler in the arm. "Oh bro. I'm sorry. Here let us help you get that out." The guys surrounded me and picked me up, turning me over they dumped me into the garbage can; my glasses breaking in half from the force of my face landing on the garbage. The guys laughed and I could hear the slaps of their hands as they high-fived one another for a job well done. When I could no longer hear them I pushed myself up and the trashcan fell over causing me to land on the ground. I squeezed my fists as I was now pissed more than ever. My clothes were a mess. I had the day's lunch special nestled into my hair. I picked myself up and started to brush myself off. I located the pieces of my glasses and I could feel a gash on the bridge of my nose from where my glasses broke and cut into my skin. "Mr. Cullen. You better pick up this mess. I won't allow you to trash our school." The principal was shouting at me. He refused to see my state of dress and passed judgment. Hating my life even more I started to pick up the trash with my bare hands and clean up my "mess." "You're bleeding all over the place. Best go and see the nurse. I don't want a repeat of this behavior." He said shaking a finger at me. I took off for the nurse hoping I could lay low until school was finished. The school nurse was actually nice to me and fussed all over me like she gave a damn. I sat on a bed while she ran off to get more supplies. I closed my eyes hoping for a moment of silence. The door opened a few moments later and I couldn't believe who it was. It was that girl with the long wavy brown hair. She almost looked worse than I did. "So what are you in for?" She asked. "Uh…I was just thinking the same thing." I replied. "Oh Bella, back again? I swear you must use up ninety percent of my supplies. What will it be?" The nurse asked her. "The usual. Knee bandage and maybe I could use your sling for the afternoon. I think I tweaked my arm wrong this time. It's sore." She hopped on up to the bed beside me. What the hell is wrong with this girl? The usual? Was she some kind of hypochondriac? The nurse went off in search of the sling leaving me with this Bella girl. "So, what happened to you?" she asked. "I…fell down. Broke my glasses." I lied. I was too embarrassed to give her the truth. "What happened to you?" "Same." She replied and I knew immediately she was lying as well. "So…was your falling down due to the Forks High welcoming committee?" I furrowed my brow. "I know all about it. I've been here for over a year and I am still being welcomed." She sighed. "Bunch of assholes." I growled. "Yeah…well that's life." She replied. The nurse came back in and helped Bella into the sling before helping out with my gash. After she asked me to stay put as she would write me a note to discharge me from P.E. that day. I was all too happy to wait. Physical education was certainly not something I excelled at. She bandaged Bella all up and then went to her office to write out our notes. "You have P.E. next too?" I asked shyly. "Unfortunately." She huffed. "So where did you transfer from?" I asked trying to keep the conversation light. "Uh…well Oregon by way of Arizona. You?" "Seattle." "Not much of a change." She guessed. I laughed. "Uh…major change. This town is so…small." "Here you two are. Now be mindful of where you walk in the future. I know it can get slippery out there. Try not to run." The nurse all cheery handed us our slips. We went out the door and it looked like it was just starting to rain. "Well, good luck…" Bella started searching for my name. "Edward. Edward Masen." I replied. "Edward Masen. Good luck with your welcoming committee." She waved. "Hey, Bella." I called after her. "I know this is going to sound weird but I have been thinking that maybe you could help me out on a social experiment." "Are you asking me out?" she cringed. "What? No. I noticed something today in the cafeteria and I want to put my theory to the test." I sped up my talking. "O…kay…" she looked to me like I was crazy. "Sit with me at lunch tomorrow?" I asked. "Why? I mean why would you want to sit with me?" "Because my theory is that if we ban together our welcoming committees will leave us be." "Masen. You are one weird cookie." She shook her head and rolled her eyes. "Just try it." I said. "All right but if we both end up in a trash can together; I'm