Edward Cullen's life is turned upside down when his wife Bella falls victim to a horrific attack. How will he be handle watching the love of his life "fade to black." Companion to A Working Title Series. This is EPOV. Takes place three years after A Working Title Part Three. Crossfade: This is like a "Fade to black then Fade to next scene." In other words, as one scene fades out, a moment of black interrupts before the next scene fades in. It is not to be confused with DISSOLVE, since CROSSFADE always involves a black or blank screen. – Dan Bronzite CHAPTER ONE I laid beside my sleeping angel. Isabella always looked like a perfect angel when she slept. It was rather ironic, all those times I used fight with her on the benefits of napping. I sighed. When we first started dating, I convinced her to nap in exchange for working on the set of my film. I used to sneak into her room and think how beautiful she was when she was sleeping. Her chest would rise and fall peacefully, her lips would form the cutest little pout and her hair would fan out all over the pillow. All those times I would watch her sleep and now I laid beside my beautiful wife wishing she would just wake up. Irony, it most certainly could be death to some. I had gone over it again and again in my head. How could this have happened? How could I have missed the signs? Of course my Bella was famous for keeping things from me throughout our relationship. I was torn at the moment, between wanting her to wake up so I could kiss her once again and be thankful that all the prayers I have been saying finally were answered. And part of me wanted her to wake up so I could just yell at her for keeping something like this from me. If I had only known...I could have stopped it from happening. Couldn't I have? Her bruises were almost healed. I stared at the clock waiting for the minute to change. I knew everyone thought I was losing it and I didn't blame them for thinking that. I was losing it. The minute switched over. "Day forty-one." I whispered into my loves ear. I scrunched up my eyes and fought back the tears. My Bella had been officially comatose for forty-one days. The doctors wanted to move Bella to a special hospice for people like her. People who hadn't woken up but I would never allow that to happen. I would take care of her. I hadn't left this house since she was placed in our bed, I rarely left her side. Christmas was coming up and all I needed right now was one hell of a Christmas miracle. "Bella, you need to wake up. Christmas is next week. I know you probably haven't thought of a gift for me. You used to stress out like crazy whenever it was my birthday or Christmas time but I have worked it all out. Just wake up. Please just wake up." It started again, every night I would lay beside my wife and beg her to wake up. Sometimes I would threaten her with a spanking. I know I promised Bella I would never spank her again after the last time when I lost control. She gave me a second chance and I never broke my promise but right now I would break my promise if it meant she would wake up. My night would always start with the begging then the threatening, bargaining, pleading and finally end with crying. I know I was a man and there was some irritating rule put forth that men were not supposed to cry but I had cried many times in the past five years and all of them surround Bella. I ended up gently stroking Bella's cheek and like every night before I would pick out a memory, close my eyes and try to relive that moment. Our first kiss. "Oooo man you've got it bad." Emmett roared out in laughter. He seemed to think my current predicament was rather funny. I however failed to see the humor. We were throwing the basketball around and I confessed something rather personal to him and now he stood there laughing at me. "I'm pouring my heart out over here. You'd think you could be supportive, douche bag." I threw the ball as hard as I could at Emmett's stomach. "Come on man, don't get all pissy. I know that you want Bella's birthday to be perfect but you know what would have made it perfect?" Emmett asked. I shook my head wondering what I could do to make up for missing Bella's birthday. "Tell her. God, Edward you have been infatuated with this girl almost as long as you've known her. Man up and just tell her already." He was wrong; I hadn't been infatuated with her for as long as I've known her. I think I loved her from the moment I laid eyes on her. Of course my love just kept growing the more time I spent with her. Last night when we came home and saw the massive birthday present from her mother, I felt like a complete jerk. How could I have not known it was her birthday? I told myself I could make it up by taking her out to a grand dinner tonight but like the coward I was, I invited Emmett, Jasper and Alice so she wouldn't feel uncomfortable having to spend a semi-romantic dinner with me. "I wish it was that easy Emmett, but with me being her boss, it kind of complicates things." I responded. "Look, I know you want tonight to be perfect whether Bella knows that or not. You want her gift to be perfect. I'm sure you want to look exceptionally perfect for her but the only way it will be perfect is if you just tell her. I've seen the way she looks at you, even when she's pissed and I know Bella would at least give you a chance." Emmett was right in this instance I did want everything to be perfect. I called the restaurant to ensure that we would be given the best table. While in town today I was sure to go off and find her the perfect gift but that proved harder than I thought. I didn't want to get her something too personal, what if she read into it and I embarrassed myself. I didn't want to buy her something so cheap she would think I didn't care at all about her. I was standing there while Emmett bugged the crap out of me telling me to just hurry up. Stupidly I grabbed the first thing I saw. An I-pod. Emmett thought it was the perfect gift but I disagreed, there had to be something more perfect than this. Bella was currently being kidnapped for what I am sure was a rather extensive grooming session provided by Alice. We were supposed to head to the restaurant at eight pm. I guess I should go up and get ready myself. "We should go get ready." I told Emmett. "Okay Mr. Perfect, go and try to make that ugly mug of yours...perfect." Emmett laughed. "Ugly mug? That sounds like jealousy from the only male in the house that hasn't been named Sexiest Man Alive." I teased. "Dude, that shits rigged." I laughed. I couldn't help the dig, it always drove Emmett crazy that Jasper and I were appreciated for our beauty. I ran upstairs and jumped into the shower after setting out my charcoal suit for the evening. I kept thinking over Emmett's words and tried to pump myself up for telling Bella tonight. I am going to tell Bella. I am going to tell Bella. Fuck, there is no way I can tell Bella. I got out of the shower and growled my frustrations into the towel. Nothing was safe from me at the moment. I applied deodorant and threw it across the bathroom. Nothing could bring me happiness. I was sitting downstairs in a chair waiting for the girls. "What's his problem?" Jasper asked Emmett upon seeing me. "Girl problems." Emmett huffed. Jasper just shook his head and smirked. "You should just tell her." Jasper advised. "Yeah I know. Would everyone just get off my back already?" I snapped. It was about to turn ugly when Alice and Bella walked down the stairs. I could barely even think let alone be angry anymore. Oh god how I wanted this moment to last forever. She was breathtaking. I tried to refocus myself and move toward the front door. We walked into the restaurant and as we sat down I made sure to tell our hostess that it was Bella's birthday. I wanted so badly to give her the perfect birthday. We started to make light dinner talk discussing the progress of our filming. However, Alice gave me a small wink and started asking Bella personal questions. No doubt Jasper told her all about my feelings and thought she was helping me out. "Bella, tell us about yourself. I feel like I hardly know you." Alice asked. Bella's eyes locked with mine for a second and I could already see the blush creeping up on her cheeks. She looked slightly embarrassed but answered the question. " Well there's not much to tell, my mom's a teacher my dad's a cop. Filmmaking is my passion. Not so exciting over on this end of the table." How could she think that? "What about your love life? What has that been like?" I didn't know if I wanted to kill Alice or kiss her. Bella looked to me for a second and then quickly refocused on her glass. I was trying to look casual, like the next words out of her mouth wouldn't determine the course of mankind but I was dying. "Alice, why do you want to know?" she huffed. It was obvious she was embarrassed and I didn't know what to make of that. Was she embarrassed because she had her fair share of relationships or was it because she was answering a bunch of personal questions in front of her peers? "Oh come on Bella, it's not that personal of a question, geez it's not like I asked you when the last time you got laid was?" Bella choked on her wine and my eyes snapped to Jasper. I couldn't believe Alice just said that. I was about to go to Bella to help her with her choking fit when Jasper snapped at Alice. "Alice, that's enough." Bella immediately looked up. "I apologize for Alice's rudeness, Bella." Jasper looked sincerely to her. "It's ok, but if she really is so interested in my love life, I think she'd be more interested in watching grass grow." Bella laughed a little. That was one thing I quickly learned about Bella. She was loyal. "So, when was the last time you got laid?" Emmett teased. I wanted nothing more than to smack him upside the head. "Emmett, that's none of your damn business. I think we should just leave Bella alone, we are supposed to be celebrating her birthday not trying to get her to run for the hills." I said as I gave Emmett a lethal look. "Thank you, Edward." Bella replied shyly. I didn't know what to say so I nodded my head slightly. Thankfully the rest of the meal went on without any more embarrassing questions. I made sure to have another glass of wine hoping it would calm me. When our waiter brought out the special cake for Bella, she looked completely adorable sitting behind the cake, the sparklers lighting up her face. They took the cake away to be cut and Alice began dumping gifts at Bella's place. " No guys, I'm sorry