CHAPTER ONE "I'm sorry, Miss Swan...but the card declined again." "That's impossible, there is like a hundred thousand dollar limit on that card." I snapped. I didn't like snapping at sales people but sometimes they just...needed to learn their place. "Don't worry, Bella. I've got this one." Lauren walked up and handed the sales woman her credit card and then whispered, "If you were having money issues...you could have told me." I shrugged off her hand on my shoulder, "I am not having money issues. I'll pay you back." The sales girl handed my bag to Lauren as if to note that I didn't pay for it and all I can think is how when I get home, my father will hear an earful about this. I snatch my bag from Lauren before she even has the chance to say one more thing and stomp out of the boutique. "So...I will see you still for brunch tomorrow?" Lauren inquired. "Yes, Lauren...I will have your money and for the inconvenience today...my treat. You can pick the restaurant." "Okay...but just call me if you need to cancel." She finished suggestively. Without another word I turned around and stalked off to my car. What a fucking day. I was so embarrassed; I can't even imagine anyone having a worse day then this. I see my car a couple of feet away and some rent-a-cop checking it out. "Excuse me, do you mind?" I asked as I threw my bag into the backseat of my hot red Mercedes convertible. The rent-a-cop rips something off his pad and hands it to me. "Meter expired." "Are you fucking kidding me? I was like a minute late." "Actually a little more than that." He replied. "Whatever...put it on my tab, fake cop." I snatched the ticket from him and got into my car. I hadn't even asked the universe how my day could have gotten worse but like the tragedy of my life, it answered. I loved driving down Wilshire with the top down on my car but in the summer months of California, the temperatures managed to rise a little too much for comfort. I turned on my A/C and it reminded me of my stupid brother, yelling at me last week for wasting money on gas to air condition myself while the top was down on my car. All the money in the bank and I have to be the one to end up with a penny-pinching brother. Sometimes I wonder how we are even related. I arrived home and threw my bags down to go over and grab the phone. I began dialing my dad's work line since I know at this time of day that is where I'll catch him. It rings and rings. My father travelled often for business and it wasn't uncommon to not even know if he was in town. He had a house over in Malibu but when I was eighteen and he finally got tired of me complaining about the ocean weather damaging my hair, among other things, he bought me my first house in the Hollywood Hills. This house was just a few miles from all the greatest clubs, restaurants and shopping places. My father understood what a young girl needed apparently. Of course sometimes it could be a little lonely living by oneself. I didn't even have a staff except for a cleaning lady who came twice a week so I was pretty much roughing it. But, sometimes I missed living at home, just knowing my dad was there and he could make everything right in my world. Now at days I was lucky to even get him on the phone. "What is it, Bella?" "Ugh...could you put dad on." I groaned. "What is this about?" "Dammit Michael, just put him on the phone." I yelled. My stupid brother. "What went wrong in your fairy princess world now? Your manicurist make your nails a little too pink?" "No asshole, my credit card was declined. How is that even possible?" I huffed. "Well, let me think...you went to Paris fashion week with Lauren and Jessica." He started. "It's fashion week." I defended. "You have been sleeping at the Beverly Hills hotel a lot lately." He continued. "It's closer to the club..." "You're house is like five minutes further." "It doesn't have room service." I pointed out. "Do you even hear yourself? You are the most irresponsible person on the planet." "Well, big bro...we can't all be Yale grads." I sniped. "Yeah, like dad would ever waste his money sending you to college. Doesn't take a financial analyst to know that would be a poor investment." "Just put him on the phone, Michael." I ordered. That college remark was a low blow and he knew it. "I will have our accountant make a payment right away. I know it would pain you if you missed a sale at Nordstrom's." "Let me talk to dad." I demanded. "Bella, he's a busy man. Someone has to work hard around here to maintain your lifestyle. You'll see him on your birthday." Michael hung up and I'm so infuriated I throw my phone across the room and it smashes to pieces after hitting the wall. "I am in serious need of a long soak in a nice hot bath." I said to no one. The bath feels amazing and I can feel as each one of my muscles relax. I watch the facet as it continues to drip and think about my conversation with my brother. My birthday was in just a week and at least he had confirmed that my dad would be there. It was times like this when I really missed my mother. She passed away when I was seven and life just seemed to get a little worse after that. My dad became obsessed with his father's company and traded in our family time for work time. The year she passed was when we got our first nanny and ever since then it had been a treat to even have a dinner with my dad. Michael overcompensated greatly and wanted to do any and everything he could to get my father's attention. He went to Yale, majored in business and followed in my dad's footsteps so much you'd think his nose was surgically attached to my dad's ass. I didn't go to college. Instead I was given another option. " Isabella...you just don't meet the criteria. You would never be happy in a college setting. I'm not going to spend money on you living it up at fifty-thousand dollar a year school when you could be much happier experiencing life in other ways." " But...I thought you wanted me to go to Yale. I have the grades. That was your school; don't you want me following your footsteps like Michael?" I didn't understand why he was saying this to me. I had my worked my ass off in Bellingham Academy because I knew that Yale was in my future. I didn't want to disappoint or embarrass my father if I didn't get in. " Some people aren't cut out for school. Your young and you should see what else life has to offer you. You'll make a good wife someday and I'm sure you want to live your life before you settle down. I know how much you hate it here in Malibu so I promise on your eighteenth birthday, my gift to you, any house you want." Not only did I lose Yale that day but my home. I fought to believe that my dad loved me and only wanted me to be happy but sometimes if I really stopped to seek the answer to that question... So I did what he told me to do. I went out and lived life. I partied and shopped and had my choice of men. I would find a guy and take him back to the Beverly Hills hotel because I didn't want strangers in my home. I guess I have been staying a little too much at the hotel lately. I should probably ease back on the gentleman callers. I pull the plug from my bath and watch as the water spirals down the drain. A metaphor for my life. Lauren wouldn't let me forget of her charity. She didn't hesitate to tell our other good friend, Jessica all about it the next day at our lunch either. Ah Jessica, your stereotypical rich dumb blond. Every group had one, she was ours. "I don't even know how you were able to handle yourself with such grace, I mean if that had been me standing there in the middle of Marc's with a declined credit card...I'd...I'd...I'd probably be in jail or something because I'm pretty sure there would be a homicide. But not you Bella...you worked through it like a real champ." Lauren praised. "Stop being such a bitch, Lauren. Geez, my accountant fucked up. Big deal. It's fixed and will never happen again." I stated determined. "Didn't they cut up the card...in the movies they always cut up the card in front of you." Jessica shuddered. "No, they didn't or else Lauren's right, there would have been a homicide." I have no idea how I ever became friends with these two. Lauren, Jessica and I had a love hate relationship. We were in love with ourselves so much that we hated each other but it is so hard to find good people these days that know their way around a decent wardrobe. "Eww!" Jessica gasps. "What is that man doing here, near a place like this?" "Yeah, Lauren, why would you pick a restaurant frequented by bums? Where's the class." I chided. I couldn't help but rub it in a little. Payback for yesterday. The man outside the restaurant window looked like he had never seen the inside to a decent shower. His clothes were tattered and probably ten shades darker than they were supposed to be from all the dirt and god knows what else. The man turned briefly to look at us and I was taken aback by how young he looked. I was expecting some old geezer but this man was probably not much older than thirty. He had strange brown locks that sat in disarray and he was in desperate need of a shave. Hello homeless dude, the Castaway look has never been in. "Excuse me." Lauren snapped her fingers at our waiter. "Would you please call the authorities or something. There is a man panhandling outside your restaurant. We are not paying good money to have to watch that while we eat." "I'm sorry miss...I'll deal with it right away." The waiter scurried away quickly to his manager. "It's so sad." Jessica commented looking out toward the man on the street. "Sad? I don't feel sadden, I feel...dirty." Lauren trembled at the thought with a sneer on her lip. "I swear, I must have been such a great person in my previous life." "Why would you think that?" I asked waiting for what I'm sure will be a very enlightening conversation topic. "Well, you have to figure that people like that must have done something horrible in their past life to deserve a life in dirt and grime. I live in an amazing home; I have money and anything I could ever ask for or want. I read about it in a magazine, reincarnation or whatever the fuck, which would make me a prime person back in my former life." "Reincar...what?" Jessica's still working that one out and I can't blame her. We see an officer approach the homeless man outside our restaurant window and talk him into moving on. "Taser him!" Lauren stood up and yelled while shaking her fist at the window. "Lauren, he hasn't done anything to warrant that." I declared. "So." She looked at me like I'm crazy, "My tax dollars pay their salary, I think I have the right