WARNING: I think you've been warned enough. :-P CHAPTER ONE My tears had finally dried and now I lay on the soft leather couch just staring at the chair on the opposite side of the plane. It took everything I had to keep those tears at bay for as long as I could. When I arrived at Darren's, I probably looked like the creature from the black lagoon. "Don't ask any questions please. I just need to know, were you genuine when you said you would do me a favor?" I asked barging into his house after he opened the door. "Uh…yeah of course." He replied confused. "Can I borrow your plane?" "Yes. Are you in some kind of trouble?" he asked. "I said not to ask any questions." I murmured. "Can you drive me to your plane?" The only thing beside my appearance to perhaps tip Darren off was that I asked if he could take the Escalade and wouldn't mind if I lay down in the back. It was a chore and a half to get in and out of that car. The plane was waiting when we arrived. I told Darren I needed to go to New York. You can analyze me all you want but the first safe place to pop into my head was Embry. "Thank you, Darren. I'll never forget this." I hugged him close. "No problem. You can always come to me; no matter what." I nodded my head and walked up the stairs to the entrance of the plane. The pilot told me if I needed anything to intercom him but I told him not to worry. I looked down on the leather couch; it would be the only place I could stay. I lay down and all the tears came. Like they say before death, your life flashes before your eyes but this wasn't death and it wasn't my whole life that I was reliving; it was my time with Edward. The first moment I met him, the first time we kissed. All the feelings and emotions that I had ever felt were all in one big ball of a migraine. It didn't pass quickly either; it seemed to play out in real time. How could he do this? I trusted him. Bella you're just as much to blame, you pushed and pushed. But did I deserve this? Did I still love him? Yes. I would always love him. I knew that this was not some teenage crush, I was meant to be with this man. He was my destiny. Then why was I running away? I would never move on. I was broken and of no use to anyone else. The plane touched down and it was nightfall, I didn't pay attention when the pilot alerted me of the time or weather. Now was the hard part. I needed to get to Embry's and there was no doubt that I had to sit somehow. I walked out of JFK airport and hailed the first taxi van I saw. I gave the man the address and told him that I needed to lay down in the back because I wasn't feeling well. As I sat down slowly to lie down, I cringed and let out a soft yelp. My backside at least wasn't screaming in pain any longer but it still felt tender and hot to the touch. Thankfully the driver didn't notice. An hour later we pulled up in front of Embry's house, it was two a.m. I gave the driver my credit card and a more than generous tip for his trouble. I called Embry on my cell phone and prayed he would answer, if he didn't I would be spending the night out in front of his high gate. It upstate New York at the end of September at two in the morning, I was really starting to feel the chill. "Come on. Come on." I chanted. "Bella." I heard Embry pick up in rush. "Hey…." "I'm opening the gate, now." He interrupted. The big gate started to open and I was momentarily frozen. How did he know? Darren must have called him. I walked up the path to the house and Embry opened the door when I was about half way up. "Are you okay? What happened?" he asked. I looked up at him and I started to cry. He pulled me into a strong hug and took me into the house. I tried to gain composure; I didn't want to wake the girls up. "I'm sorry, I'm just so tired…mentally, I'm exhausted." I tried to explain. "It's okay B. Come on; I show you were you can sleep." He brought me upstairs to one of his guest rooms. "Embry, I didn't know where else to go." "You made the right decision." I don't know why I felt compelled to spill my guts but once I started I couldn't stop. "I was learning how to ride a motorcycle. Rosalie was teaching me, I knew that if Edward found out he would be mad. We have shared this relationship where in the past if I did something wrong he would spank me or punish me in some way. Mentally I was okay with that even though it was weird but I guess a part of me knew he was doing it because he loved me and wanted good things for me. When he came home today and saw me riding his motorcycle, a rule he had been very firm on; I think he lost it. He had never done more than spank my butt but today…today he took off his belt and whipped me…" A fresh wave of tears came and I could see Embry's calm façade wane. "I screamed for him to stop but he didn't listen. I finally tried to turn to stop him…he…I think he realized what he had done. Oh god. How did this happen. I love Edward; I don't know what to do." I could see Embry shaking but like a switch had been turned off; he walked over to me and continued to hug me. "Come on, I'll help you. Lie down on your stomach." Embry walked off to the bathroom and I settled myself down on the bed. He came back with a medium-sized wet towel. "I'm not trying to do anything sexual okay but I need to lower your sweats." I nodded and I could feel him pull down my bottoms. He quickly placed the cold towels on my backside and sighed out in relief. "It's going to be a couple of days before you're back to normal. Try and take a cool bath tomorrow morning." Embry advised. "You seem to know a lot about this." I said sadly. There was a moment of silence. "Yea…I do." I knew what he was thinking about; Embry often rapped about his early home life and how his father used to beat him. I was being interviewed a couple of years after this and I was asked who knew me best? The correct answer was Edward but at the time I immediately answered Embry Call. For years I was given shit for that answer by the media. My husband should know me best but he didn't. Even he knew that I trusted Embry more than anyone else and he wasn't upset by my answer because he knew it was right. Before Embry left he told me to sleep as long as I like and that he wasn't planning on telling the girls I was here until after school. He closed the door behind him and I was left with the cold towel still resting on my behind. I closed my eyes and willed myself to sleep. If I find you not following my rules then I promise not only will you never touch a motorcycle again but I will ensure that every single time you even sit down for the a week after, you will remember this moment. I remember. The problem is; will I ever forget? The next morning, I first awoke to sounds of Savannah and Gracie getting ready for school. When they left, I fell back to sleep again. The second time I woke up, I stiffly got out of bed, the towel fell from me and I walked over to my sweatpants and pulled them on. I briefly looked out the window and gasped. I could have sworn I saw Edward at the end of the drive. Did he know I was here? Yes. I was sure of it. But he wasn't there; it must have been my eyes playing tricks. I turned back around and went toward the bathroom. The bathroom was beautiful and peaceful, just what I needed. Embry was right the cool bath was exactly what the doctor ordered. I was floating around when I heard Embry enter the bedroom. "Hey B, I'm just going to put some extra clothes on the end of the bed for you; sorry about the size, it's just some stuff of mine. The girls had an extra toothbrush; feel free to use whatever you want. I'm sure the girls have a lot of stuff you could use. I know you didn't arrive with anything. Sorry for the limited selection." Embry called out. "Thank you, Embry. Don't worry; I don't think I want to leave the house anyway. I'll be downstairs soon." I replied. "Take your time." I sunk back under the water. Peace. "Derrick, it's so good to see you." I greeted when I arrived down in the kitchen. I gave him a hug. "You too, this is certainly a surprise." He replied. "Would you like some oatmeal or cereal?" "Sure. Just show me where and I'll get it." Derrick showed me to the cupboard. "Derrick has been nice enough to help me out with Savannah and Gracie." Embry notified. "That's great, thank you for that." "It's no problem, it's what family does." He answered. "Hey, um would you mind coming down to the studio? I have my album nearly done." Embry said. "Yes, of course." I was gitty, this was a dream. To be able and hear new music before anyone else; I couldn't wait. "Let's go." I picked up my bowl and started to lead the way. Embry laughed and followed after me. It was apparent that rehab was the best decision Embry ever made. When I first met him, he was having trouble dealing with writer's block and the pieces I had heard were average at best. The music he was able to create now was something completely different from his former albums; he had truly grown as an artist. I think he was finally at peace. "What song did you want to be your first single?" I asked. "Well I already submitted it to the label; they want to release it in November and they set the album to come out around Christmas." "Okay, so which song did you choose?" I asked again. "I don't want to play it for you yet; I want you to hear it with the rest of the public in November." "What?" I frowned. "What's the point in being friends with you if I'm not given the goods?" "B, just trust me. You can wait until November; I already played you all the other tracks. Isn't that good enough?" I pouted, "I guess." "So, I wanted to talk to you about that piece you sat down and wrote that one time. I want to incorporate it into my final track." Embry said. "Okay, what about it?" I asked. "I want you to do a clean record of your first lyrics and write an intro to the track. Let me play you what I got." Embry walked over to the board and the music started playing. His rap was intense and melancholy. It was all about how you see someone else's life and you wish you could changes places; in the song