WARNING: This story is not for everyone. Please do not read if you have issues with corporal punishment. This is a tad darker than most of my stories so please hear my fair warning and proceed with understanding that this may not be for you. CHAPTER ONE When you would look upon the largest manor that graced Haven, New York you would find the grounds perfectly quaffed. Only a scatter of offending leaves from the vast oak trees marred the well-kept grass, caused imperfection. The slate gray stonework on the exterior of the manor was not only formidable but managed to lack charm which a home of that prestige should hold. Even the inspired Roman architecture was not enough to plead a case for beauty. In fact, it seemed that a cloud resided over the manor that had not left since eleven years ago. The grand foyer was a precursor for what you would find throughout the residence. Wood ran throughout the whole interior. Wood, stained so dark that even light from the windows did little to help it. The furniture was sparse and not because the darkened man who lived inside was unable to afford such luxuries. He managed to keep a very minimal existence while in that house and he expected his two daughters to do the same. Or course, he would spend and over spend on whatever he deemed necessary but it was rare for any money to be used on any kind of frivolity. Based on this house, one could look at Master Cullen and think he was just a penny pinching miser who lived alone. No one would ever guess that two young children resided within. No one ever knew that the interior of this house was very much like the interior of Master Cullen, his heart as dark as the wooden walls and sparse of decent emotion. But Master Cullen was not all what he seemed. The weight of past decisions that were not his own were responsible for the man he had become. Bound by generations that had long past he was subject to a curse that plagued not only the Cullens but all of Haven New York. It wasn't until fall when the leaves on the ground were at their most plentiful that hope would come in another form. The two young girls inside their spacious bedroom had no idea that their saving grace was walking up the long cobblestone path as they went about their last assignment for the week. "Two households, both alike in dignity, in fair Verona, where we lay our scene…" Rosalie's lips mimicked her twin sister's as she watched her struggle through. Even though they were twins, they were not identical. Rosalie, one inch taller, had hair just like her mother, long and light. In some ways she seemed the most out of place in that house. Whereas Alice was the opposite, she had more of her father's coloring. Copper brown hair that was always a mess, no matter how hard Rosalie tried to tame it. Rosalie, born just two minutes before Alice, took on the role of caring for the two. She took on the majority of the responsibilities and ensured their schedules were always kept. "Two households, both alike in dignity, in fair Verona, where we lay our scene. From…ancient grudge breaks…" "Break." Rosalie corrected. "You know this. Alice, you know this. You were reciting it word perfect just yesterday." Rosalie sighed knowing it wasn't her sister's fault. Alice was always like this the day of assessment. Alice would memorize the given Shakespearean monologue for the week and yet come the day when they were to present themselves for assessment, all the words would jumble about leaving Alice hopeless. Rosalie smacked her hands together hoping to wake her sister up out of her miseries. She took a hold of Alice's shoulders and looked directly into her eyes. "Come on. Once more. Block him from your mind and just recite what I know is in that head." Her soft gaze down toward her sister's hands was met with a sigh. "I don't want to see those hands turn red from his ruler again." She placed a kind hand upon her sister's cheek and gave it a small rub. But deep down, she already knew that Alice was fated for the ruler. Whether it be on her hands or on her backside, there was no coming back from the dismal mark she had received from her most recent math examination. Even if Alice managed to get through the monologue, word perfect and with proper diction, it would do little to impress their father. Once again Alice began and managed to get to the fifth line before another blunder. The grand clock on the top of the stairs began to toll and it was nearly time when the two sisters would walk side by side down the long staircase to search out their father's study. Rosalie laid out their twin black dresses that were to always be worn at Saturday dinners. The closet off to the left of their room held only the essentials and the room which they shared, even though it was large held only a modest wooden table with two chairs and two twin sized beds on opposite sides with a pure white satin spread. The windows were the most ornate and only decorative piece in that place. The view overlooked the grounds to the back of the house which held the only form of amusement for the girls, a vast maze that had resided on the grounds since before the girls were born. If the daughters of Master Cullen did well on their weekly assessment, then they would be granted Sunday's to rest and explore the grounds. "…whose misadventures piteous overthows…" "Misadventured." Rosalie corrected once more. It looked as if Alice would be spending another Sunday in her room. Weekly assessments always took place on Saturday at six-thirty in the evening. At that time, Master Cullen would look over the submitted work for the week and require explanation for any low grade and take no notice of any acceptable grade. Not even a word of encouragement was given for a high grade, as he felt any encouragement may make his daughters arrogant or complacent in their studies. After each mark had been scrutinized, Master Cullen would then ask for the weekly recitation. Each week, he would choose a sonnet or monologue to be memorized and recited. He also required an essay on the meaning of the words which was to be turned in upon entering the study. Even though Rosalie was two minutes older than Alice, Master Cullen went alphabetically. Alice stood on her mark in front of the sturdy broad desk while her father stood behind the desk with his hands on his hips, towering over the two girls. Alice's hands were wet with perspiration as she focused on her breathing. Her focus was definitely off but that wasn't because her father was peering down at her as he always did on Saturday evenings. It wasn't because she had just been reprimanded for her unsuccessful effort in Math that surly she would pay for. Alice was unfocused because there was a young woman standing in the study, toward the back of the room. She must be the new governess but she was far different than previous governesses. In the past, the governesses usually were one foot from the grave and held themselves very straight. In the past, the governesses usually held the same proclivity for the ruler that their father had. They would set exceptionally high standards and find it personally offensive if the girls did not do well at assessment. The young woman in the back didn't look anything like her previous governess. However, the glimpse Alice was able to make of the young woman was very quick so maybe she was mistaken in her first estimation. Isabella Swan had traveled very far from her home to apply for this position. Since the ad was vague she had absolutely no idea what was going to be asked of her. Upon arriving, she felt a chill climb up her spine as her heels made a clicking noise on the cobblestone walkway. She looked up at the immense house and blew out a breath as she already felt quite unimportant standing below its vastness. She may have felt unimportant but she was to be this house's saving grace and the one to break the curse that had plagued the town for over a century. Isabella was straight out of college and in need of this position. Her student debts were piling up and with the passing of her father; she had no choice but to throw all her hopes into this trip to acquire this position. She was truly on her own. After she pounded on the door with the knocker, she waited precisely one minute before being greeted by the house butler, an older gentleman who appraised her before giving his name, "Mr. Whitlock." Walking into the dark house, Mr. Whitlock told her to leave her cases at the base of the stairs before showing her to Master Cullen's study. Her eyes darted every which way as she took in the dark house. She began to feel uneasy since there was not one welcoming factor to this home. The walls were bare of any family photos or paintings. She felt as if she was walking in a sterile dungeon rather than a home. The chandeliers which held modest light were daunting rather than comforting. There were no sign that children even lived at this home. Maybe this was all a ruse; a plot to lure young women in for deceptive purposes. She began to think back to the article that appeared online asking for a governess for two children, ages eleven. It didn't say much more than room and board included with salary. The salary seemed exorbitant, which is the reason why she was excited when she received the call to come and interview. However, now she wondered if this was a good idea at all. She followed Mr. Whitlock into the study and found this room uninviting like the others she had seen. A man who couldn't be much older than thirty-five, sat behind a large wooden desk, focused on marking up a paper with a scarlet pen. "Master Cullen. Isabella Swan has arrived." Mr. Whitlock announced. Mr. Whitlock turned on his heel after finishing his duty and shut the door closed behind him, leaving Isabella to stand awkwardly in front of the desk while she waited to be noticed. Her eyes searched around the room for anything interesting to look at but found nothing for her efforts. She moistened her lips a few time so they would be ready the moment this Master Cullen addressed her. After two long minutes Isabella was about to leave with a scolding shake of the head but just as she was about to say something, Master Cullen finally looked up. For a quick moment, Master Cullen could not find his wits. He knew that the girl coming was young but he had no idea how beautiful she would be. No woman in the course of eleven years had caused Master Cullen to pause and lose his thoughts. Her fine porcelain skin with a hint of rose upon her cheeks. The small pout in her lip and questioning deep brown eyes as she waited for him to address her. Her stature was lean and curvy and her height was maybe a tad too short compared to him but there was no denying the instant pull Master Cullen felt. He would have clutched his chest if common sense hadn't come back to him. She wasn't special. No different than any other past servant. She was no different or better than, so she should be treated as such. "Miss Swan. I see you have finally arrived. For future