Commitment: Syllabification: com·mit·ment Noun . 1.) The state or quality of being dedicated to a cause, activity, etc. 2.) A pledge or undertaking. Example: I cannot make such a commitment at the moment. CHAPTER ONE "…will you marry me?" Oh no! Oh god! I looked around and, suddenly, it all made sense. No wonder Edward threw such a fit and demanded we come back here for lunch. I hadn't set foot in this restaurant since the first time I saw Edward. Of course, back then, I believed he was a homeless man and, okay sure, I might have been the cause for him to be escorted from the street out front but that was all water under the bridge. I didn't understand why Edward would ever want to eat here since we hadn't eaten at anything pricey in so long. So when Edward insisted to come back to the "scene of the crime", so to speak, I instantly wondered what he was up to, but never in a million years would I think this. I looked around at the street beside us where Edward was still on his bended knee and noticed it was the exact place where we first met. I could feel my pores closing with the beads of sweat and my chest rising and falling much too quickly. "This was happening all too soon. I mean we had only been dating a year." "Bella." Edward sighed, "It's not that soon." Oh shit, did I say that out loud? I was still in the beginning of my academic career. Hell, I hadn't even picked a major yet and he was there, still on his knee, wanting a lifetime commitment from me. What did he expect out of me? Was he thinking I would give up on a career to just sit at home and shit out babies? Is that what he wanted from me? "Would you stop shaking and chanting, no, no, no? People are going to think I'm threatening you." Edward stood back up with a soiled knee. "Aren't you?" I smacked myself, "Fuck…I'm sorry. I didn't mean that but…what were you expecting me to say? Do you really think we are ready for this kind of commitment? I don't think we are. I mean, just because we managed to get the whole relationship thing down and be successful with that doesn't mean we should just leap into the next phase of our lives." "Well, I wasn't actually expecting you to say yes. I guess I just wanted to see where you were at, and now I know that the very idea of marrying me makes you go into a full blown panic attack. The next time I ask you, maybe we could try for a little less cringing and a little more glitter in the eyes." I managed to exhale slowly, allowing my heartbeats to slow their rapid pace. "Oh good. Thank god. I mean…marriage." I rolled my eyes, "Who would ever want to marry me? I mean, the man who actually thought it would be a good idea probably should have his head examined." I started laughing, feeling free of the shackles that were never even placed upon me. "Well…someday, I would want to marry you. Would it be so bad to be married to me, Bella?" I began to stare at him while my heart started to pick back up its pace. The sweat glands that had halted began producing once more. "Why don't we just go home?" Edward sighed and then turned to walk toward our car. Watching him walk away was heartbreaking. Suddenly, it dawned on me that I may have not handled the situation well. Dammit Bella. He's just trying to do the right thing. Do the right thing? It's not like he knocked me up. He didn't have to do the right thing. I could release him back into the wild so that he could go and find his perfect mate, one who wouldn't freak out at the idea of marriage. He could have a bevy of children and live happily ever after. Edward looked back and saw me standing still in my spot. He waited for me to catch up, but I don't think I will ever be able to catch up. It could take me years before I was on the same page as him, and he wasn't getting any younger. "Bella." He called out for me. "Edward…I don't think this is a good idea anymore. You and I…" I started shaking my head. His mouth dropped open a little and, instantly, he was back by my side. "Stop it, okay?" He lightly demanded, "We don't need to get married. I'm sorry I brought it up…but we have been dating a while and I don't know what I was thinking, it's just, I'm not getting any younger…" "I know. That's exactly what I just thought and…I can't do this to you. I don't want you wasting your life waiting for me to be ready for a…for a…commitment." I sniffled, "I just started my life and, hell, I don't even know who I am. I mean, honestly, what would we put on the invitations? I am not a Swan. I could be Isabella Rotella for all I know. You'd be marrying a girl who doesn't even have a proper last name." "Is that what this is about?" He shook his head. "I told you a year ago when I got my DNA test back that if you wanted to find your father, then I would support you. So, you don't get to make that a reason for breaking up with me. Stop being a sissy. You don't get to quit us!" We stood there at that spot, having an argument just like when we first met. "You know…I'm starting to think that this place may have negative energy." I whispered. Edward looked around and shook his head, "I could never think of this place as anything but positive. It…was the beginning of us." He leaned and kissed me softly, while I stood there still indecisive about our future. "Let's go home. You still have that final to study for." Edward took my hand and I relented, allowing him to take me to the car. With traffic at this time of day, it would take awhile to get home, and I wasn't really sure if I wanted to be stuck in a car with the man who just proposed to me. I couldn't help but think of all the ways I must have crushed his little heart, and I didn't want to hurt him, but I just wasn't ready yet. What is the matter with me? I loved Edward. I always wanted to be with Edward. What would be so different in our relationship if we were to get married? Edward moved in practically a month after we got back together. So, it's not like that would be different. After the DNA test came back to confirm that there was no way in hell we were related, it didn't take long for us to go back to exploring our sexual selves. We paid the bills together, we ate meals together, and we even went to the soup kitchen together. Nothing would change if we got married, right? "Edward." I paused, wondering if I really wanted to go into this when we were stuck on the 210 freeway. I would be opening up a possible argument with nowhere to run and, with Edward driving; I would have no control at all. "Yes, honey?" "Well…if we…did…" I sighed, "You know. I mean if we…were to say…those words." I cringed. "Spit it out." He pushed. "I mean our relationship, what we have right now…it wouldn't change any, right?" "You're worried about change?" He asked. "Well, I am worried about…a lot of things, but as I have started to really think about your inquiry, it may be better received if I have some sort of contract. We had a contract for friendship and one for this relationship, maybe if we had one for marriage, I could get on board with it." "Really?" He replied. "What sorts of things would you want to put into this contract?" He had that tone of voice which immediately sent off warning signals. I knew this tone. He often used it before ripping an argument apart. Edward and I both had issues when it came to losing arguments, which could make for some rather brutal arguments but, as we had come to learn, makeup sex really is the best kind of sex. I believe if we had the option of makeup sex back when we were first starting to get to know one another, then maybe Horizons wouldn't have lost so much food back then. "Just your average standard agreement." To win an argument, it's best to remain evasive until the opposing counsel is forced to show their hand. "Like…sickness and in health. Death do us part. That kind of thing?" The car was practically parked due to the traffic jam, and there was absolutely no reason to not look at me unless he was worried he'd give himself away. "Sure. All those things and just a few other kinds of things." "Like?" "Well, really only one other thing which I believe is just standard." I straightened out the wrinkle in my black dress expertly. "Uh huh." "If we were to be husband and wife, then nothing should be changed from our relationship as boyfriend and girlfriend. Seeing how we finally were able to work this all out and be successful, why mess with a good thing?" "Okay…I get you. So we get married and the only thing that would change is our titles. Instead of saying my girlfriend, Bella, I would say my wife, Bella." "Yes. Absolutely!" I cheered, "I knew you'd get me." "Oh Bella…I so get you, sweetheart." He squeezed my knee and patted it gently. "So, if I were to ask you to marry me, then you would say yes as long as I promised that nothing would ever change. We would keep our relationship the exact same for as long as we both shall live." "You would be a husband." I smiled, "No longer a boyfriend." Edward nodded his head and looked out the window to change lanes. The traffic was finally clearing and we would be home in no time. "So…what do you think?" I asked when he didn't respond. He looked over to me briefly and inhaled softly. We pulled into the driveway and he turned off the car. "I will wait." He replied. He turned to his car door and exited. I quickly scrambled out my side, "You will wait? Why? You…get everything you want." He walked toward the front door without stopping and unlocked it. He turned back to me, "Bella, you can do better than that." Was he upset with me? Why in the hell is he upset? I just told him that I would marry him. That's what he wanted. I thawed from my spot next to the car and charged toward the front door. "Wait a food truck second!" I yelled. Food truck second was something we referred to because working on a food truck was a much faster pace than the soup kitchen at Horizons. I hardly ever worked the food truck because I found it too stressful to keep up. Edward, however, loved the rush. Edward paused, loosening his collar and turning back to me. "Are you mad at me? I just accepted your bloody proposal." I snapped. Bloody, another word I had picked up since befriending a girl from England that shared classes with me at UCLA. "No. You didn't, Bella." He snapped back. "You put conditions on it. I don't want there to be anymore contracts. I want to marry you and allow life to happen. You are obviously not ready for that, so I take back my proposal." I gasped, "You can't