The Spoils of the Victor Chapter One When Gale Hawthorne won the 72nd Hunger Games, he was proclaimed the most handsome Victor since Finnick Odair, the most innovative since Haymitch Abernathy, and the most surprising since Johanna Mason. The Capitol adored him, couldn't get enough of him, and that love and obsession was ultimately Gale's downfall. Years later, Gale now knows how naïve he was to believe that once he won the Games, once he completed his Victory Tour, that he would be left alone, only to be needed during every subsequent game as a mentor alongside Haymitch. He never fathomed that he could be broken any more than he already was. "You poor bastard," was Finnick Odair's greeting the very first time Gale met him at one of his many Victory parties at The Capitol. "Excuse me?" Gale turned to him with a frown. He had always thought of Finnick Odair as a prissy, the Capitol's pet, but he had always seemed too charming to be such an outright snob. Should've known better. He looked at Gale from head to toe and Gale felt his body flush uncomfortably. There were always rumors about Finnick Odair's sexuality running about. Was he-? Gale looked into Finnick's eyes bravely. No, there was no lust there. Just sympathy. "Having good looks can open a lot of doors for a fellow in this kind of place," Finnick said, "but they can also open doors you wish had never existed." Gale's eyes narrowed. "What exactly are you saying, Odair?" Finnick turned back and minutely shook his head. "I'll explain it to you another time," Finnick's eyes found President Snow looking ominously at them and Finnick muttered, "probably sooner rather than later." "Wha-?" But Finnick was already gone, plastering a charming smile on his face as he greeted another Capitol guest—a guest, who, Gale now knows, was his next customer. It's only been two years since that time. The Reaping for the 74th Hunger Games is almost here, only a few months away. But the past year he's spent living exclusively in the Capitol has felt like a never ending Hell for Gale. He was able to live in District 12, peacefully and without fear, for one year, but after his Victory Tour, he returned to the Capitol and hasn't left since. It is very rare that he does not have a client these days. His nights, his body, and his life are not his own. He is Panem's New Whore and he only shudders to think what District 12 thinks of him now, their once and past hero. He is sure that Katniss thinks he's dirt; could see the look in her eyes when he came back for the Reaping of the 73rd Hunger Games and saw her standing in the crowd, her dark eyes stormy and hateful. But as long as his family is safe, safe like President Snow promised, then he can keep going each night, no matter how brutal or perverted the customer. He knows it's stupid and naïve to trust the President, and Gale sure as hell doesn't, not really, but he has no choice. It was either do this or his family would suffer some unfortunate "accidents". Finnick told him that it happened to his family when Finnick tried to refuse. And if there is one person that Gale trusts, it's, of all people, Finnick Odair. They're known to the Capitol and the rest of Panem as the Dashing Duo, full of good looks and charm (although, to be fair, most of the charm is Finnick, but Gale has gotten better in the past year). They are seen at every swanky event, have the best clothes, perfect hair and smiles (all Capitol engineered-), and are rich, successful, and a part of the elite group of Victors. They make men and women alike swoon, but only the wealthiest inhabit their beds. They have both the best and worst reputations. They have every luxury they could ever want and yet they have nothing of value at all. At first, Gale didn't want to like Finnick—his slick charisma, his social ease, the way he could charm anyone or anything—but Finnick has proved to be a good friend. He is, in some sick way, Gale's mentor when it comes to whoring himself out. Finnick seems to know everyone and everything, and he gladly confides in Gale. Finnick has never said it, but Gale knows that Finnick wants to empower him with enough knowledge to keep himself as safe as he can. Finnick wants to protect him. Gale only wonders how many clients Finnick has taken away from him so Gale doesn't have to endure them. Finnick thinks Gale doesn't know about that, but he does, and even Gale who hates charity cannot deny that he is grateful to Finnick for what he does. He just wonders how he could ever repay him. Things aren't perfect, however. They're complete opposites and have tiffs all of the time- Finnick is too arrogant, Gale too cynical; but it's not without merit. The two have an odd friendship, but it's a good one. It works. It's enough to get them through the full nights and empty days without going crazy from loneliness. Tonight was just like any other night: both Finnick and Gale have clients. Finnick's was a returner- she is ungodly rich and pays so that his Wednesday's are exclusively hers. Gale's client, on the other hand, was completely new to him, and completely unknown. This client is by far the most mysterious Gale has encountered yet, since Gale knew nothing about them: gender, name, age... It makes his skin crawl, because Gale hates not knowing. Being ignorant about situations has only been followed by horrific consequences. Usually, Gale will go to wherever the client wishes: events, parties, clubs, and then usually back to their apartment, but today he had no idea where he's going. Instead, a shiny black car came for him in his high rise penthouse suite and drove him to another building, shiny and cold, that, while much smaller than Gale's high rise apartment complex, was much nicer, which surprised Gale. He was, disgustingly, used to the best, and this far surpassed his apartment in every way. He wouldn't be surprised if he's in the apartment of President Snow himself. Gale swallows uneasily, looking around to the room he was escorted to. Luckily, he has seen the President's mansion, and this room looks far too feminine to belong to a man. The furniture is of a fine, darker wood ( Not mahogany, Gale thinks with a smirk) but the sheets and drapery are light and airy, a very fine pale purple. The room is not cluttered with stuff , unlike other clients who are obsessed with baubles and shiny objects, but instead has several bookshelves, all filled to the brim with books that Gale wonders if he has the intelligence or knowledge to read. There are lilies placed in clear, crystal vases tastefully arranged throughout the room, and, Gale likes this in particular. The room is so large, not only does it house a bed with end tables, dresser, armoire, desk and chair, but there is a whole corner section for a living area, with large, cushy furniture with throw rugs all arranged around a marble fireplace, where a simple flat screen television is hung above the mantle. In the other corner is a large, gleaming black grand piano, with sheets of music scattered around the bench and on the stand. Gale is not given any information about this client, which is disconcerting to him. Finnick's first rule of advice is to always "know thy enemy" and to find out who they are before you meet them—Gale and Finnick would both rather know than not know about what kind of client they must please that night, no matter how gruesome or perverted that knowledge might be. Even if it makes themselves sick beforehand. Gale is given no name, not even a gender. He can guess that this client is a woman, but really, he has been surprised before… Although he knows in his mind if his client caught him touching his or her things they could punish him however they wanted, Gale cannot help himself as he reaches out and touches a book with a smoke grey hardcover with gold lettering on its spine. Panem: A History. Gale opens up the book to a random page, even though he is sure he knows the history of Panem by heart. However, he frowns as instead; the book talks not about Panem, but a different country. Is this book a mistake? Tensions between the American colonies and the British government continued to escalate, boiling over when, in 1767, the British Parliament passed the Townshend Acts, which placed a tax such essential goods like paper, glass, and tea. In response, the colonies boycotted British goods. Gale turns another page. In 1765, the Sons of Liberty were formed in order to make British tax laws unenforceable. They did so by using public demonstrations, violence, and threats of violence. Although members of the Sons of Liberty believed Parliament to be acting illegally, they still sent numerous petitions and pleas for intervention from a monarch to whom they still claimed loyalty. When this failed, more action was taken. Now Gale is intrigued. In 1772, Samuel Adams in Boston formed the Committees of Correspondence, which linked Patriots in all 13 colonies and eventually provided the framework for a rebel government. A mere year later, in 1773, another Committee of Correspondence was created: in Virginia, the largest of all of the colonies, where prestigious members such as Patrick Henry and Thomas Jefferson served. This led to— "If you like that book so much," comes a soft voice behind him. Gale slams the book shut and whirls around, his hunter's heart pounding, "then you are more than welcome to borrow it." Standing on the opposite side of the room, her quiet voice carrying in the silence, is a girl. Gale has seen all types of people at the Capitol—ones who are so obsessed with fashion that they look grotesque, with leopard printed skin, dyed hair, pierced nose and eyelids and lips, tattoos crawling up their necks and around their faces, but he has never had a client who is as pure and fresh as this girl. She reminds him of a warm summer breeze, unexpected and welcome. Her face is clear of the usual enhancements, or so it seems. Her make-up is light but Gale thinks that any more would just detract from her simple beauty. He cannot help but equate her to a Town kid from District 12—her hair reminds him of Primrose Everdeen, tumbling down her back in waves of flaxen and gold. Her eyes are a clear, cornflower blue and her lips are perfectly shell pink. She looks well fed and healthy, her fair skin glowing, but at the same time she seems delicate, lithe. She seems alien to him amongst a sea of women with artificial curves and enhanced assets. Gale is silent, stunned, amazed. This is his client? How does a child have so much money? Or did her parents want her to lose her virginity to a celebrity? And he knows she is a virgin, there is no way she can't be, standing there in a modest satin robe with fluttery sleeves that stop just above her knees. She looks too delicate and pure to be corrupted. Although, to be fair, Gale has learned in the past year that it's the ones who seem the most normal that are in truth the most perverted. "Are you—are you all right?" She asks again, brow furrowed, and she seems worried, concerned for him . If Gale wasn't caught off guard before, he certainly is now. Usually clients don't bother with such questions, or rather, talking at all, not until his clothes are off and the deed has been done.