shake the glitter of your clothes now Gadge January Prompt: Roadtrip 1. "I'm getting married." Gale choked on his Heineken. "What the fuck, Catnip?" Katniss sighed. "I know you heard me, Gale." "Shit," Gale said, putting the bottle down roughly on the table, and then, remembering his mother, sighed and got up to get a coaster. "You're getting married to The Baker?" He could feel her scowl through the phone. "His name is Peeta , Gale," Katniss said sternly. "Peeta Mellark? Oh, I don't know, he grew up in the same town as us and we went to elementary, middle, and high school together? You've known him for years. Your mother gets bread from his family's bakery every Sunday." "Right." Gale bit out. "Well, that's… I mean, isn't this a little fast, Catnip? You guys have only been dating for… god, how long has it been?" "A year," Katniss said dully. "And we've known each other since we were five, so no, Gale, this isn't 'a little fast'. God, what is your problem?" I'm in love with you , he wanted to say. I've been in love with you since high school when we dated for six months and I always thought we would end up together . Then, fuck, I'm pathetic. "Nothing," he said, sighing. "Nothing, I was just surprised." Coward. "Congratulations, Catnip. I'm—I'm happy for you and The Baker— Peeta . Peeta. When's the wedding?" Silence. "Catnip?" Gale frowned. "Three weeks." "Um… what?" "Peeta and I don't want to wait," Katniss said. "And it's best to do it during the break in between my grad school semesters and…Gale?" He'd been quiet for a while. "I'm surprised that Mellark doesn't want some big-ass wedding," Gale said stiffly. "He does," Katniss admitted. "You know I don't give two shits. But this is our compromise, you know? So we're just going to do it quickly. In Vegas." " Vegas ?" He couldn't imagine Katniss and Vegas in the same vicinity. "It's a good central point for our families and friends to meet on such short notice," Katniss explained. "Believe me, it wasn't our first… or second… or third choice. But it's worth it, you know? Because we'll be getting married. Will you be able to come?" Gale hadn't heard her talk this much since they got drunk on her 21st. Gale took a long swig of Heineken, shaking his head. This was a circus. But she was his best friend. "Yeah," he said, passing his hand over his forehead. "I'll be there." "Thank you, Gale," Katniss said quietly. "Anything for you, Catnip," he said tiredly. 2. "Another whiskey, Hawthorne?" "Make it a double," he groaned, face down on the bar and palm up, like a fucked up, quarter-life crisis version of Heads Up, Seven-Up. "I think you've had enough tonight," Bristel, the bartender of the Slag Heap, Gale's favorite bar, said, shaking his head. "Look," Gale said, lifting his head up. "The girl who I thought would be my wife is marrying someone else. I think I deserve a double tonight, and I'm calling a cab." Bristel laughed, shaking his head. "So this is how the Slag Heap Slut falls." "What the fuck?" Gale said, straightening. "Who the hell calls me that? Everyone? Is this a thing ?" "Well, maybe not everyone," Bristel conceded. "Another regular coined it and it kind of stuck. So, really, only the bartenders and other regulars know you by that. And whomever they tell it to. And all the girls you've slept with. So not everyone… but almost. Come on, you have to admit, Gale, it's kind of true. You're like Joseph Gordon Levitt in that one movie where he picks up girls all the time." "If this is where you tell me I end up with Julianne Moore, I'm out of here," Gale said, disgusted. "I had a tyrannical principal who looked just like her." "Well, if makes you feel any better, there's a Scarlett Johansson-type who's been nursing a drink at the end of the bar all night," Bristel said. "Maybe you should go talk to her." Gale looked to where Bristel tipped his head. This girl was no Scarlett Johansson, by any means. To Bristel's credit, the girl at the end of the bar was gorgeous, though in a very different way. Long blonde hair—unlike Scarlett's, it's natural—good figure, not incredibly voluptuous, like Scarlett's, but there's something about her. At first glance, she's an Ice Queen, too effortlessly put together to be real, but there's too much Girl Next Door about her to make her completely unapproachable. Gale didn't need one glance to tell him this, because the Girl at the Bar was one he'd known for years: Madge Undersee, best friend of Peeta Mellark, Katniss's fiancé. And she looked like she had a similar goal to his: get as wasted as possible. Sighing, Gale made his way over to sit down next to her. "Of all the joints," he said. Madge side-eyed him. "Hawthorne, what the hell do you want?" Gale put his hands up. "Whoa, Ice Queen's a little feisty today. What's wrong, Princess? Too much contact with the peasants today?" "Yep," Madge said, deliberately sliding away from him. "Sounds about right." Gale wanted to be offended but he was too busy hiding a grin. Usually Madge was impeccably polite, mature, and unruffled by anything, but it seemed like he was the only person who could really get under her skin. He dubbed her 'Sassy Undersee', a title she absolutely loathed (so of course he always called her that.) It's just their luck that after five years of not seeing each other since high school she gets a job where he lives. And Chicago's a big town, right? Especially considering they came from the same bum-fuck of a town in Virginia. Wrong. So they ran into each other more often than they should have and had a few mutual friends and a mutual love of the Slag Heap, because cosmopolitan singles they were, but at heart, they missed their trashy dive bars and pubs. But they didn't like each other. They rarely agreed on anything, to the amusement of their friends, who didn't understand why they didn't just sleep with each other and resolve the UST (although both vehemently denied the presence of any UST, so it was pointless, really). They only got along when intoxicated, although the downside was that they rarely remembered what great times they did have together, even when shown incriminating evidence via their friends' smart phones. "So what is it, Princess?" Gale asked. "I normally don't see you with anything other than a pink-colored drink and this is clearly," he picks it up and smells it. "Whiskey. Damn , Undersee! You're balling hard tonight." "The man I love is getting married," Madge intoned dully, turning her head towards him and then squinting in realization. "To your best friend." Gale was taking a swig of his whiskey when she said this and started to choke. He really needed to stop drinking alcohol when any female was speaking. "You're in love with Peeta Mellark?" Gale sputtered. " Really? " He shook his head and muttered under his breath, "What the fuckis with that guy." "Yep," Madge slurred, popping the 'p'. "They're getting married. In three weeks. In Vegas! Peeta hates Vegas. We went there one spring break in college and he got food poisoning at a buffet and lost four hundred dollars on one machine . He said he'd never go back! Does Katniss know that? She should know that," Madge babbled. "I mean, she's his fiancé, right? And so what if she ignored him for like, twenty years of their lives and I've been his best friend since we were seven? She should still know that fact. She should—she should—know everything about him." Gale stared. Undersee was freaking out. A full-blown, out-of-control, Undersee freak-out. Holy shit. The world was turning upside down. "God, how am I going to stand there while the man I love marries—okay, you know I like Katniss, right? I do like her, but there's no one who knows Peeta like I do—and I'm just supposed to stay quiet when they say that one line about people holding their peace—" Gale downed the rest of his drink. If he wasn't drunk he would never think this was a good idea, but damn did it sound appealing now. "Who says we have to stay quiet?" Madge squinted at him. "What?" "Who says we have to stay quiet?" "What do you mean," Madge said, still squinting. She might have been seeing four of him. "We go to Vegas," Gale said, "and we convince Katniss and Peeta that they shouldn't get married and they belong with us." Madge stared at him for a long moment before rolling her eyes. "Has Posy been forcing you to listen to Taylor Swift again?" "It's creepy that you talk to my little sister," Gale deadpanned, though he was entirely serious, "you know that, right?" "It's not that creepy," Madge muttered. "I'm her best shot at an older female confidante. I can't help it if she finds your mother too intimidating and omniscient and Prim is out of the state in undergrad and Katniss wouldn't know the meaning of 'femininity' if it hit her in the face." Gale started to laugh at the last part. "It's still creepy," he said. "She friended me on Facebook first, okay?" Madge held up her hands in surrender. "Posy has Facebook ?" Gale started to turn red. "Gale, focus," Madge snapped her fingers in front of him. "What were you saying earlier? You had some girly, Katherine Heighl-esque plan to ruin your best friend's wedding? Wait, that's a different movie." "That's offensive," Gale said. "Even I know Katherine Heigl movies suck. And secondly, it's a good idea. Come on, we have nothing to lose. Well, except the loves of our lives. And I won't lose Katniss to the Pillsbury Dough Boy. Are you in, Undersee?" "You are so drunk right now," Madge said, downing the rest of her gin, and, to her credit, not even making a face afterwards. "But, in the slim chance that I remember this in the morning… I'm in." "Way to go, Undersee," Gale grinned. "You're braver than I thought." Madge waved down Bristel for her tab. "You don't know the first thing about me, Hawthorne," she smirked. Gale stared at her pink lips for a moment, curving in the naughtiest smile he had ever seen. It was sort of hypnotizing, and it took him a few moments before he could look away. Gale had the feeling there was a lot about Madge Undersee that he had never known before… and he was about to find out what it was. 3. "You're crazy," moaned a hungover Madge the next morning. "Hawthorne, are you shitting me right now? I thought that plan was alcohol-induced." "Well it's good to see the re-emergence of Sassy Undersee," Gale noted, completely ignoring her. "I thought she only came out when drunk." "You're insufferable," said Madge, ignoring his comment. "And that plan is stupid. It's not going to work." "It's not stupid, it's simple and genius, and come on, Undersee, I thought you were brave. Shouldn't you have confessed your feelings to the Muffin Man years ago?" Madge put a damp washcloth on her forehead. "Do you just sit around and think up insulting names for Peeta?" "No, they just come to me," Gale said. "I'm actually very proud of it." "And the worst part is, I don't even think you're joking." Gale wasn't, but he wouldn't admit that. "Undersee. Be brave. What do you have to lose?" "I don't know, Hawthorne, maybe just the longest and best friendship of my entire life?" "You know my motto, Undersee—" Gale began. "Hit it and quit it?" Madge snarked. "Big risk, big reward," Gale said. "So are you in? Think about what happens if—no, when we succeed." "Fine," Madge sighed,