who held your hand beneath the pale moonlight "You know I'd escort you if I could," Peeta said apologetically, blue puppy dog eyes glancing up from the cast wrapped around his left leg to Madge's own blue eyes. "I'm so sorry, Madge." "I feel like you did this on purpose," Madge glared at him, though there was little heat behind it and a lot more panic. "You knew this fucking ball was only a few weeks away! Really, Peeta? Did you have to show Darius up on the school ski trip?" "Katniss was impressed," Peeta grumbled, but his cheeks looked a bit flushed, embarrassed and ashamed at letting his friend down. "Shit, I'm sorry, Madge." "Peeta," Madge rubbed her temples with her fingertips and closed her eyes. "I honestly fail to see how you need to impress your own girlfriend. I know Impressing Katniss Everdeen has been engrained in you since kindergarten, but for God's sake, Man, you've been dating for a year!" "I'll find you a replacement," Peeta pleaded, his hands clasping together and remaining so, even though one of his crutches fell over. "I promise!" "You have until the end of today," Madge narrowed her eyes at her best friend, poking him in the chest. "I mean it!" "Threatening my boyfriend, Madge?" Katniss picked up her boyfriend's crutch and tucked it under his arm. "Isn't it a little early for that?" "Not when he's sabotaging my fucking debutante ball," Madge grimaced. "And now I sound like my mother." Katniss winced. She went through the same thing the year before- her mother's family was well off and really wanted her to participate, though her father's side mocked the whole thing mercilessly, particularly her Uncle Haymitch, who was married to Madge's aunt, Maysilee. Maysilee and Madge's mother, Marigold, wanted Madge to debut as well, but it took a full year to convince her, so she would be 'coming out' with the people of the year under her. She could give two shits, although her mother kept saying what a 'shame' it was she wasn't being debuted with her friends. It was Madge's father who convinced her. "Just one night, Mad," he sighed. "Just one night to make her happy." "Yeah, until Prom season comes up and she wants me to go to that, too," Madge retorted. "Really, Dad? E tu, Brutus?" "Ouch." Mr. Undersee wince. "Okay, truth? If you agree to this, well, not only would you get some peace and quiet, but I would, too," he admitted with a wry smile. "What do you say, Mad? If not for your mom, then for your old man?" Madge's was a daddy's girl at heart, through and through. "I'll help him," Katniss said, sighing at her boyfriend, who was still giving them both his signature Puppy Dog look, "although it might be difficult, considering that a lot of girls already have the Good Escorts." "Please don't tell me that," Madge groaned. "God, I just want someone who practices hygiene and can manage basic conversation. Oh, and if they can avoid stepping on my feet when we dance, that would be great, too, but not a deal breaker. I don't think I'm asking for much!" Sadly, she wasn't. Katniss looked down at her cell phone thoughtfully. "When's the ball again?" She was attending, too, to support Madge, which Madge was grateful for, especially since she knew Katniss hated these things more than Madge did (which was saying something). "May twentieth," Madge said. "Huh," Katniss typed something into her phone. "I think I may have someone." 000 Madge became suspicious when Katniss wouldn't tell her who she had in mind. And as she stood, tapping her toe anxiously outside of Effie Trinket's Charm School Dance Studio on a Saturday morning two weeks later, she became even more anxious. Oh, please, oh, please, oh, please, don't let it be who I think it is. Someone grunted behind her. "Undersee." Madge allowed her eyes to close for one moment as she took a calming yoga breath. Of course it was him. She pivoted on her foot and swallowed. "Hawthorne." Madge knew why Katniss thought of Gale to be Madge's date: he was a year older and studied at the state college in the city. It was doubtful any girls would've scooped him up, considering proximity alone (although really, Madge thought irritably, it was only a two-hour drive away. Not to mention by the date of the ball he would be done with classes.) Like Katniss, Gale Hawthorne was good-looking and aloof. Girls flirted with him, but tended not to be very bold in case he rebuffed them. He had girlfriends in high school, but not very many and they didn't last long. Madge's opinion of Katniss's best friend ranged from intimidating to stick-up-his-ass-rude. They tolerated each other for Katniss and Peeta's sakes, but were generally cool to each other. Madge noticed that he glared at her a lot, leading her to think he hated her existence on principle, which she never really understood, but she gleaned it had to do with social and class privilege more than anything else. She was ashamed to say that she was too afraid to ask if that was true. Still, it was a shock that Gale was here. She looked at him skeptically. What hold did Katniss have over him to get him to agree to do this? "You um," Madge cleared her throat, "have any experience ballroom dancing?" To her shock, Gale nodded, his hand rubbing the back of his neck, and Madge thought it was perhaps the first time she ever saw him look ill at ease. "A little. My mom taught me. You?" Madge shook her head, still surprised. "Shall we?" He said, opening the door for her. Madge blinked at him, surprised and a little bit pleased. "Thanks," she murmured quietly, and she hoped he knew it encompassed more than just the door. Effie Trinket was a force of nature. Madge made fun of her a lot—her ever-changing wigs, her outlandish make-up, her crazy outfits—but she envied her at the same time. She loved what she did, archaic as it was. She was in her element. Gale and Madge were her only students that day—most of the other debutantes were light years ahead of the reluctant Madge, and way beyond the basics. When Gale said he knew ballroom dancing, Effie immediately made him dance with her so she could assess his skills. Madge was in shock. He was good. Really good. He made everything look natural, effortless even, and Madge had never felt more inadequate in her life (and it was ballroom dancing. Give her a calculus equation or 100 history terms to memorize? Done. Piece of cake. But this? ) Effie and Gale patiently helped Madge with the basics, maneuvering her into place in Gale's arms. Madge had never felt more awkward or alive, every synapse in her firing away at the feel of Gale's broad hands at her waist and clasped with her hand. They don't look at each other, but were both hyper aware of where the other person was. Is this sexual tension? Madge wrinkled her nose at the thought, thinking of drawn out TV shows. How had she never noticed this before? Well, to be fair, they had also never been this close to one another. Ever. Right. For the first time ever Madge appreciated patriarchal society because for once she enjoyed letting the guy lead in something, and damned if it wasn't ballroom dancing. There's a first time for everything , Madge thought as Effie yelled at her again for looking at her feet rather than at Gale. Yeah, like that's going to happen , Madge thought. Whether she knew the steps or not there was no way in hell she was looking at Gale Hawthorne's piercing grey eyes. No. Way. The bell at the front door chimed and Effie left them to go see who it was. They danced in silence, the music still on, Madge counting in her head. Gale cleared his throat. "So you gave in, huh?" He said. "You know. The debutante thing." Madge blinked up at him, startled by the fact that he willingly started a conversation with her. "Uh, yeah," she said. "I really only did it for my dad, though," she admitted. "Mom was driving him nuts, too." Gale smiled at her as though pleased by her answer. "That's admirable," he said. Madge swallowed, looking at him curiously. "Thanks," she said. "Hey, I was—I mean. I'm really grateful that you're doing this for me, but, um, why?" Gale looked away from her then, shrugged, although he still kept moving, as graceful as ever. There was something inherently unfair about that, Madge thought bitterly as she stumbled. Madge quipped, "Katniss blackmailing you?" Gale looked back at her, eyebrow raised. "Sure," he said finally, lips quirking up in a smile. "Something like that." Now Madge was even more suspicious, because clearly that wasn't it. But they weren't friends. She didn't pry. "Well, whatever your reasons," Madge said, looking into his eyes for the first time that day. "Thank you. For doing this for me. I know it's really inconvenient—you still have a month left of school, so I'm sure there are a lot of other things you could be doing this weekend as opposed to spending it with me. Not to mention the drive! I mean—" Gale's fingers pressed into her waist, lightly. Madge stopped. "Madge," he said, and Madge almost physically stopped moving, too, at the sound of her first name from his lips. "It's okay. Really. It's not even inconvenient for me. I take the train. I was coming down this weekend, anyway, for my mom's birthday tomorrow." "Oh!" Now Madge flushed, embarrassed at her self-centered assumptions. "Oh, well, please tell her 'Happy Birthday' for me." "Will do," he said. "I really do appreciate it," Madge said one more time. "Especially since I know you don't even really like me." Now Gale stopped moving, and Madge almost crashed into him. "You think I don't like you?" He asked incredulously. "Where the hell did you get that idea?" Madge cocked her head at him. "You used to glare at me all the time," she said accusingly. "I saw you. And whenever we all hung out with Katniss and Peeta you never talked to me, or if I tried to talk to you, you'd just grunt answers at me. And if I sat anywhere even remotely near you, you'd get up and walk away." She shrugged. She used to be hurt about it, but now she was just puzzled. "It's always been obvious." Gale said nothing, just gaped at her. It was then that Effie returned, rebuking them from ceasing to practice. "It's going to be a very, very big day next month!" She chirped. "We must get you in tip-top shape!" She smiled warmly at Gale. "Not you, dear, you're a natural." She sighed at Madge. "You, on the other hand…" They didn't speak the rest of the session, and when they parted, they did so silently with just a wave. 000 She did look pretty, Madge admitted. Her mom and aunt did a good job, from her hair to her dress to her shoes to her make-up. They pushed her into this, sure, but when it came to everything else, they knew what she liked. Simple, white dress with a sweetheart neckline and a skirt, though full, but not poofy. The bodice glittered, fading down into the skirt, but otherwise it was simple. Her hair was in soft waves, down, and her make-up highlighted her good features while still making her look natural. Her shoes were pretty, but comfortable, Thank God. Madge bit her lip. She wasn't nervous about the event at all. This wasn't her event, her dream, and that was okay. It was just one night. But she was nervous about seeing Gale, which was weird, considering they spent every