if you dare, come a little closer Gadge February Prompt: Crime Gale put his head in his hands as he took in Paylor's words, damned how unprofessional it looked. "Wait a minute," he said wearily. "So there was a secret group within the Rebellion itself?" Paylor sighed. She looked tired, too. "Apparently," she said. "So secret even Heavensbee was kept in the dark." Coin wanted an elite group of spies to infiltrate and assassinate high-ranking figures in the Capitol, to take down the Capitol in case the Mockingjay and the Star Squad failed. Her mentality was with her secret group could re-ignite the Rebellion if need be, or at least help it along. One spy from each district, excluding 13 and including the Capitol, to gather intel—and, once the war began, to murder the Capitol's highest. Coin didn't believe in fair trials, only spectacles and cold-blooded murders. She also wanted a group that answered only to her, in which she didn't have to ask anybody's opinion on how to run it. "How did she pick these spies?" Asked Della Rowberry, the newest mayor for District 9. She was about Paylor's age, perhaps older, with streaks of grey in her red curly hair. Paylor began to massage her temples. "By age and status," she said. "The younger the better—though not too young. Teenagers. Easier to mold and train, at the height of their physical peak. If they were close to the Capitol, they were used. Some… more willingly than others." "What do you mean?" Frowned Joules Adler, the young head of the hospital in District 5. "We learned that Coin had many prisoners of war," Paylor said, "and she kept them throughout the districts. Her reach was wider than we thought. She either named them as 'Capitol sympathizers' or simply swept them up once the chaos of war broke out. She had planned on using them even after the War as well, to get rid of any who didn't agree with her or whom she deemed a 'threat' to the New Republic." Paylor stood and walked to the window. "Today's one of the many days that I thank Katniss Everdeen for ridding us of that monster," she said. Gale's heart hurt at her words. "So why are we here?" Asked Major Jem Lincoln, the head of the military of District 11. "Why only the four of us?" Gale pursed his lips. He noticed that, too, and didn't like how representatives from the other districts weren't there. "Rest assured," Paylor said tiredly, "the other districts have already been told of this. The reason I haven't met with them is because the spies from their districts are irrelevant." "Irrelevant?" Della asked sharply. "Dead," answered Joules before Paylor could. "So that means… ours are alive?" "Yes," said Paylor. "They are. And that's why you're here." Jem frowned, not understanding. "Are you turning them over to our custody? Are we meant to dictate the punishment for their crimes?" Paylor sighed. "No," she said. "Granted, the people we have in our custody are undoubtedly dangerous. They have assassinated a multitude of high-ranking Capitol officials who—monsters or not—deserved fair trials. But they were essentially brainwashed and abused by Coin, who did unspeakable things for them to cooperate. They all turned themselves in, mostly because they were too lost to do anything else. They've had their lives stolen, too. I want you to help rehabilitate them." Gale, Della, and Jem stiffened. It made sense for Joules to be involved, as the head of a hospital, but three war veterans? "Why us?" Gale said, thinking he should be the last person involved. "Remember Delly Cartwright?" Paylor asked him quietly. "And her role in the rehabilitation of Peeta Mellark?" Delly's role wasn't huge, Gale thought, but he understood her point. It wasn't so much that they were qualified professionals, but whoever these spies were, they had a connection to the four people present. "We have psychiatric professionals working with them, but you four will be supplementary help." Four. Only four. "If these spies were so elite," Gale asked suddenly, "how come the majority of them are dead?" "Many of them committed suicide," Paylor said quietly. "A couple did get killed in the War, especially when undercover. That was a risk." They were quiet for a moment. "They're in rooms right now," Paylor said. "I wouldn't quite call it prison, but they are being heavily monitored." "How do we know they're loyal to the New Republic?" Gale demanded. "That this isn't just a ploy." "They're not answering to anyone else," Paylor said. "According to them—and the plans they showed me—they were planning on assassinating Coin themselves. A final hurrah and a bid to freedom. But now that she's dead, there's no purpose. They're too broken to function." "What can we do?" Joules said, a fierce look in her amber, almond-shaped eyes. "These people need help immediately." Paylor stood. "Come with me." 000 Joules, Della, and Jem were reunited with their spies—and yes, reunited was the right word because Gale's suspicions were correct: each of them did know their spies. The spy from 5 was Joules's first love, the eldest son of the Head Peacekeeper of 5 who she thought had long been killed. The spy from 9 was Della's niece, whose father was a high-ranking official at the district's Justice Building—she was presumed dead after an initial bloody battle. The spy from 11 was Jem's younger, rebellious brother, who had disappeared one night and everyone assumed had died at the hands of the Capitol. Jem's family was the primary servants of the mayor's family. Paylor left them alone—and by "alone" she meant heavily supervised with armed guards—and walked Gale towards the rooms for 12's spy. Gale hesitated at the door. "Should I knock?" He asked. Paylor shrugged. "Up to you." He chose to, and the door opened. Wide blue eyes, as sad and lost as he remembered them, locked with his. Her blonde waves were pulled back from her face, and her body, clad in a black tank top and black pants, was more lean than slim, with firm, toned muscle. She was tense—so was he. "Madge," he breathed, stunned. She licked her lips, eyed him warily. "Gale," she said, his name slipping awkwardly on her tongue. Foreign. Paylor said quietly, "I'll leave you two alone now." They listened to her low heels clack on the floor and fade. "You're the spy," he croaked. "I was ," she corrected him quietly. She wouldn't meet his eyes. "Come in?" "Sure," Gale said, eyeing the multiple guards posted around her rooms. One of them even followed them in. Gale bristled. He could take care of himself, especially against a tiny thing like Undersee… but this girl wasn't Madge Undersee, Mayor's daughter anymore, he had to remind himself. He wondered how many people she had killed. Couldn't be more than him, he thought grimly. They sat across from each other on some colorless couches. The rooms provided for them functioned like a studio apartment, and Gale could see the other bland things in the room. He looked at Madge. She looked washed out, like a faded version of herself, like they all did after the War. He didn't even want to think about what he looked like. "Never thought I'd see you again," he told her honestly. "Same," Madge told him bluntly. "Thought Coin would kill me before then." Gale frowned, leaned forward. He wanted to kill Coin all over again. That woman brought him nothing but misery, really. She forced him to pay too high a cost. "Why would she kill you?" Madge shrugged. "When she didn't need me anymore," she said. Gale was quiet with horror and rage for a moment before he looked up and found Madge looking at him. "You still have that anger in you," she murmured, and to his shock, reached up and smoothed the crease in between his brows. "Haven't changed much, have you?" Gale found a corner of his mouth quirking up, something that hadn't happened in a long time. "You have, clearly," he retorted. "Forget what personal boundaries were, Princess?" Madge smiled a little. "I certainly haven't been called 'Princess' in a long time," she said. "Is it weird that I missed it?" "Is it weird that I missed you?" He asked boldly, thought he felt a little shy. It's not just a corny line—it's true. When they were kids in 12, he wouldn't say that they were friends, exactly, but there was something about the other that they couldn't get away from. They looked out for each other, oddly, without meaning to. He made sure she got home safely one night when some punks were bothering her; she found him in the Meadow one night, upset after the Games, and sat next to him all night, not saying a word. He found himself holding her hand during the violence of the Victory Games and she… she brought him the Morphling. No, they weren't friends, but they weren't not, either, Gale thought. "Not weird at all," Madge replied, her smile growing. 000 He didn't want to ask her what happened to her—well, he did want to ask, but didn't know how. She told him, anyway, without prompting. "I know you're wondering," she told him, "and if Paylor wants this half-assed rehabilitation scheme to work, you need to know what happened." They took her the night of the bombing; Coin had known for a while that she wanted Madge as her spy—Gale was actually her first choice, due to his strength and speed, but he was too obvious. People would notice his suspicious absence. Madge was perfect because she was so invisible, Madge told Gale flatly, matter-of-factly. She had more access to the Capitol than Gale did as well, and it would make more sense that she would pretend to be pro-Capitol. She was also smart, quiet, and observant—her strengths. The physical stuff, her weakness, she would learn later. The night of the bombing her father was trying to disable the electricity of the fence—he would eventually succeed, but it would cost him his life. Coin's forces stormed Madge's house, tranquilized her mother—except instead of using Morphling, they euthanized her. Madge didn't learn this until later. They planted a body to pass as Madge, if need be—a body of another Town girl, Madge suspected, but she only saw a glimpse of it. And they took her to depths of District 13, deeper than Katniss or Gale ever saw. She was corralled with the other children—Reaping age children, she realized immediately—and Coin met with them. She told them of how they would honor the Districts by serving her; they would get the revenge they so desired. Madge and the other children understood that they weren't getting a choice here, that this woman saved them and let their families die and suffer for a reason. She was going to get what she wanted, and resisting her meant death. She brought in experts, people from the Capitol, ex-trainers from the Hunger Games. Madge didn't question how she brought them there, only that this woman's empire extended far beyond the charred borders of District 13. They trained for twelve hours a day, relentlessly, Coin working them to the limits. When they weren't training their bodies, they were training in espionage, strategy, in the names and faces of the people they would be assassinating. The intent was for them to blend in, but if someone grew suspicious of them, their backgrounds as citizens who were relatively close to the Capitol would help them. They were given elaborate backstories—Madge's was that she hated living in District 12, that she ran away from home, that she snuck on a train to the Capitol and she never looked back. Madge knew that Coin was truly evil when she felt her personality begin to change. At the mention of Capitol officials, the children became nearly rabid, simmering rage threatening to take them over. She couldn't