New school, new life, new day. Today I won't be going to Charleston High in California, nope, today Aurora Kingsley will be spending her junior year at Webster Academy in a small town in Minnesota. Wait, did I say small, I meant tiny! I have never even seen a town so small! It's half-and-hour away from the Twin Cities, so at least I can look forward to something. One of the biggest things that scares me is that I am going to an academy. In movies the headmasters; that's right headmasters, not principals; are always mean and will bring out the paddle even though there is a law against child abuse. Will that happen to me? And the students, will they all be troublemakers? I hope not, it doesn't have "For troubled children" in the name. Is that a good sign? I think I'm worrying too much. "You ok darling?" asks a voice. Oh yeah, I'm in the car with my mom. "Fine mom, just thinking about the school." "Are you nervous?" She asks excitedly. For a moment I ponder whether or not to answer sarcastically. Due to the fact that I'm not going to be seeing her for awhile, I choose the honest path. "Yeah," I answer. "Oh sweetie," she gushes, "You're going to be fine." "I know," I say, knowing that I probably have now worried her. A few hours later we show up at the academy. It's very big, but it doesn't look anything like the academies in movies. It's shingled like all the normal houses out here, the roof is a nice brownish red color and the body of the house is a light green-blue. The porch section in front of the house is a little bigger than a regular house, and over the steps leading up to the porch is a sign that says, "All who come to learn are welcome." Underneath that it says, " Schola lamia, lux et tenebræ. Omnes enim scientiae quae gratum." I think it might be in latin, but before I can think further, a man steps through the doors. Then, when I look at the man, I forget how to think. His hair is black as ebony, his skin white as snow. It's a boy Snow White, I think to myself. "Hello," he says in a strong clear voice, "You must me Miss Kingsley." I just nod, unable to find my voice. He offers me his hand, and I shake it. His hand is cold compared to mine, but my skin is always warm. "N-nice to meet you," I stammer. "Likewise," he says, smiling at me. My heart melts. "I am Headmaster Jonathan, but most of the students call me John." He hands me a piece of paper. "This is your schedule," he says to me. "It has all the information you need." Then he hold out his hand, a purple bracelet is in his palm. "This has to be worn at all times, school policy." I nod and put on the bracelet. I look down at my schedule and find my room number and my extra locker just in case I need it. I go and get my bags from the car. I take out one large suitcase, a duffle bag, and a small toiletry kit. I go over to my mom and give her a peck on the cheek. "Just in case I miss you when you leave. I'm going to put my bags in my room." She pulls me into a hug and says, "I'm going to miss you sweetheart," then kisses me on the head. "Bye," I say as I walk through the door. . . . . . . . When I walk into my room, I find another girl setting her stuff on the bed across from mine. "Hi," I say, to alert her of my presence. "Vamps or Wolves?" she asks me out of the blue. This was a usual question back at my old school after the Supernatural War books got so popular, so I answer, "I've been avoiding the series, helps me avoid questions like that." The girl laughs and turns around. The first thing I notice is her eyes, they are a pale blue, so pale that it's almost unnatural. Then I notice her hair, it's a vibrant reddish-brown. It looks very dark against her pale skin. She puts out her hand and says, "Name's Aubrey! What's yours?" "Aurora," I say as I set my hand in her's. She surprises me by pulling me into a hug. "I think we're gonna be the bestest friends!" she says excitedly. "Sure we are," I say back, wondering how I would stand a jumpy roommate like this. I go over to my bed and set my stuff on it. Then I notice something, I have a queen bed, so does Aubrey. "Wow, this school is rich," I say under my breath. "Just look at the closets," Aubrey says, "You won't even need the clothes you brought from home." I walk over to the closet and find that you choose on a panel what you want to wear and it brings it up. All the dresses and shirts have the school symbol on them, a moon with a heart in the middle. There is a W on the left side of the heart and an A on the right side. I whip out my phone to look up the history of this place, maybe what the symbol means, and find that my phone automatically connected to the internet and was downloading a bunch of apps I was going to use for school. I couldn't go on the internet without overheating my phone, so I plug it into the charger and put the charger in the wall. I go to put my stuff in the dresser. The top drawer is really small, about half as tall as my hand. I peek inside and find my school laptop and an extra schedule for me, the school must have the beds pre-assigned. I open up the rest of the drawers, each are about the size of one-and-a-half of my hands. I put my home bought clothes in the dresser and take my computer out of the first drawer. It too is already connected to the internet, but it also is downloading more than enough protection software and there is a tag on the top that says that the laptop is just for school related purposes. I can't get on the internet quite yet. I put the laptop back in it's spot and notice it's spot is a charger, just built in through the dresser! "How did my mom have enough money to get me here?" I mumble, talking to myself. Because I was talking to myself, it scared me half to death when I turned around and found Aubrey right behind me. "Hi," I say. "What ya doin'?" she askes. "Trying to restart my heart," I answer. She grimaces. "Sorry, I might have a bit of ADHD, so I might be a little hyper." "I'll keep that in mind," I say, starting to smile. "What's your first class?" she asks. I look down at my schedule. "Chemistry," I answer. Aubrey squeals. "Me too! I told you that we'll be the bestest friends! I told you! I told you!" she shouts. I grab her arms and say, "Settle down second grader, we just have first period together." She snactches the schedule out of my hands. "And third, fourth, lunch, and eighth." "Ok," I allow, "not just first period." Then the headmaster's voice comes over the loudspeaker, smooth and silky. "We have a welcome assembly in the cafeteria in five minutes so make your way down please." The loudspeaker shuts off. "Oh, I love the assemblies here," Aubrey bubbles. "You were here last year?" I ask "Oh yeah," she says. "I've been here all three years! Ever since 9th grade!" "So the school starts at 9th grade?" I ask. "Yep," replies Aubrey. "Three minutes!" says a voice over the loudspeaker. "Come on," Aubrey says to me. "Let's get a move on!" . . . . . . . . . . . . "Welcome, welcome, to another year at Webster Academy!" says headmaster Jonathan. The room bursts into screams! "Or, if you're new here, such as Aurora Kingsley," Aubrey screams when my name is said, "Ben Samuelson, Casey Jones, and Johanna Giles, welcome to your first year here at Webster Academy." The screams again. "Now I know I got you all riled up, but all we're talking about is," John gets down on one knee, "the rules, so let's go. No students out of their dorms after 11:30 pm, and out no sooner than 5 am! Take only food in the lunchroom designated to your wristband color, if your purple, no black or red food! Understand?" A chorus of yeses. John smiles. "Your school laptops are to be used only for school classes, never go to a class that isn't yours, and I need to tell the new students that we don't have detentions here, we have special services. You will be outside cleaning, or other things like that! All school days you must wear an outfit from your closet, so that you can show your school spirit. Now I send you off with one saying, Est homo, quod purpurae, Nos custodiunt eos!" then he sent us off, back to our dorms. . . . . . . . . . . . . Aubrey turns to me when we get back to our room and says to me, "We should meet our neighbors, there are still many-" she cuts herself off in the middle of her own sentence, "OMG! We should go to my friends' dorm!" She grabs my arm and practically drags me down the hall. She knocks the door of the very last dorm in our hall. The girl who opens is even paler than Aubrey, making her dark black hair look stunning. Her eyes were a deep brown and she had a figure that made me, a girl who had never really cared for looks, feel insecure. "Hello, I'm Brianna," She says to me, reaching out her hand to shake mine. I set my hand in her's and say, "I'm Aurora, nice to meet you." Her hand is cold against mine, but I am always warm. "Why don't you come on in," she says, moving out of my way. "Thanks," I say with a smile. Inside the room I see Brianna's roommate, she too is pale like her other two friends. Wow, I think to myself, people in Minnesota are really pale. Is it just because I am from California? That must be it. The other girl crosses the room to me and I get a good look at her. She has long, light blond hair down to her waist. The bottom five inches are dyed purple and there is one purple strand down one side of her side part. Aubrey and Brianna walk over and stand on either side of me. Blondie in front of me stretches out her hand towards me. "Hello," she says with an accent that sounds sort of french, "I am Semira." I carefully take her hand and say, "Aurora." She smiles and says, " Ravi de vous rencontrer. That's french for 'nice to meet you'." "Are you from France?" I ask. "No," she answers, "but my parents were, that's where I picked up this ridiculous accent! I haven't been able to copy the American way of talking, even though I've lived among them for almost my entire life!" "Almost?" I ask. "I did live in France for a few years, seven to be exact. We moved there when I was seven and came back just in time for me to start 9th grade here!" Then she looks down at my wristband, "You're a purple," she says smiling. I look at her wristband. "And you're a black," I say