First of WARRING if you are easily triggered by rape then don't read there is a rape scene in this chapter. Probably might be the only rape scene I will write. How ever this will be a dark story hoping to lighten it up as we go along. At the start of every chapter there will be a part of the lyrics. I have to say that this type of writing is out of my comfort zone but I am going to go through with it because it was inspired by a song my friend wrote. At first I thought of making it a one shot but ideas came into my head so here goes nothing… … . I'm in my room alone You don't know how hard I've fought I don't want you to know Of all these thoughts that keep plaguing me These demons all in my head For the past two years I have been in this hell hole. I mean it its just a hole in the wall. Well maybe I don't mean it literally but still being in here has been hell. You may think I am complaining but if you had been here all along you would want outs too. There is nothing comforting about the plain white walls and halls with rows and rows of doors. Nothing comforting about all the stupid people that surround me or the fucked up doctors that tell you, you are not right. Shut the fuck up and tell them where you are! Right. Sorry. So I am in the Sinclair's mental institution, basically a crazy house. My parents placed me in here. Why? Well that's simple cause I am fucked in the head! NO. WE. ARE. NOT! Well maybe if you would go away they wouldn't think I'm fucked up! I was always bother to my parents. They had me at a very young age but neither had the courage to get rid of me. There for I became a burden to them, I had all I needed but I basically raised my self. Charlie and Renee, my so called parents were hardly ever home. I would always stay with a neighbor or at my aunt's house. This is where I probably became so fucked up. Since my aunt's house was too far my parents thought that it would be a good idea for my cousin to come live with us. I bet you are wondering how I ended up in here. As if they would care about us?! Shut up and let me finish. You may also wonder who I keep talking to. Well that's me talking to… well ME. Doctors here would call it a split personality. Me personally I just think its my subconscious. Any ways back as to how I got in here. Two years ago I woke up as I have everyday with out any motivations to life. In all honesty I want to die, this is how I have felt every day for the past three years. Nothing has change and I never thought anything was going to change. My alarm went off, I knocked it and got out of bed then went to the bathroom to get ready for school. It was my first day of sophomore year. I got up and entered the bathroom and went to take a shower. My parents had left last night to L.A. so I was all alone except for my one nightmare. The water cascade down my back washing away all the filth I felt on my body, when the shower door slid open. His bare hands graced my shoulder making me flinch. He pulling my hair away from my back. I started sobbing knowing what was coming my way. " shh. Shh. Its all going to be okay. You know I love you" His touch was rough and heavy. The sobs started to shake my body as he pressed him self to me. I could feel his already hard member pressing on the inside of my thighs. " Pleased…" I still pleaded after all the times. I don't know why if he never listens. He had robbed me from my innocence and kept on torturing me since then " shhh don't cry." his lips pressed on my shoulder and his hands pulled at my hips while his lifted up a bit " Come on don't you like it" " N..no" his other hand went up to my breast. " I know you do." He pushed my feet a part and slide in to me roughly. " Please just stop!" he covered my mouth and kept going in and out of me relentlessly. My whimpers and sobs died in his hands. While his groans and moans sounded in my ear. I wanted nothing but to be dead in this instant. I was thankful he never lasted so long. After he left I sat on the floor under the shower and let it wash what it could. Once I was able to calm down, I got up and scrubbed my skin till it was a red like color but even then I still felt dirty. I got into my room and pulled out a black jeans pants and a black hoodie and started walking to school. I used to eat breakfast at home but then it became too much to sit on the same table and look at him. Eventually I started eating breakfast at school when I felt like I could stomach it. Monique was the only girl at school that I could call a friend. She was friends with Lauren, Sylvia and Jessie. Monique had asked me to come with her later in the night to Lauren's party. Knowing my parents won't be home I agreed to go with her. At the end of the school day Monique came with me home. She knew I hated being home but I never told her why. Even after she found out that I used to cut, she still stayed. A couple times she tried to ask me why but she never pushed the issue. After she met Eddie my cousin, Monique started to get suspicious but I denied it because I knew what he would do to me if I ever said anything. At Lauren's birthday. I was by the stairs with my back pressed to it talking to Lauren and Monique. When someone took me by the arm and yanked me away. " Ugh that hurts!" I shut up when I saw a very drunk Eddie standing there. " Why are you not HOME!" " Because I asked her to come with me!" Monique came next to me and pulled me to her side and Lauren stood next to her. " And this is my party. I don't believe I invited you here so leave!" " I'm not leaving with out her" " She is staying with me this week end so you can leave" I tried to move from Monique's side but she wouldn't let me. " Please Monique I… have to go" " No Bella. I won't let you go with him. I know…" her eyes were pleading and I knew she was concerned about me. " Isabella!" I always flinched when he called me by my full name, it meant that he was pissed and I was in for a lot more than he just using me. " Please Monique don't make this worst?" " Fine. If you are not coming with me then I will come with you" " No please you can't do that." She left no other option as she tugged me out of the party that night. Eddie followed us close behind smiling at me and looking at Monique up and down. I couldn't let him touch her, that much I knew. She was nothing but good to me, and if I had to be honest. I loved her in a way I didn't love anyone else. I didn't know if I was in love with her but I knew I loved her too much to let him taint her. Monique drive us back to my house. The closer we got the more my skin crawled with fear. We got out and went inside. Eddie went into the kitchen to get a beer. " Isabella!" " I'm coming" I took Monique's hand and look at her. " Please Leave. I don't want anything to happen to you" she came next to me and held my face in her hands " I won't leave you alone with him. I know you don't want me to know but I am not stupid. I can see the way you flinch when someone touches you or gets too close but I am the only one whom you don't coward from." I took her hands in mine and nodded. " Okay but go upstairs. I'll be their in a bit. Promise me you won't come down regardless of what you hear." " Isabella!" " I can't promise that." " Yes you can. You must, I can't have him hurt you too!" " Isabellaaa!" " okay I promise" I watch her leave then I went in to find him standing by the counter. " where is your friend?" " Please leave her out of this" he came and grabbed me by my jaw very hard. " Did you tell her?!" " No. No I didn't" he released me but his hand connected with the side of my face. " I don't believe you." I fell to on the edge of the table hitting my head. " get up stupid bitch!" I forced my self to stand up but my vision was blurry. He yanked me up by my hair and through me on the table pulling at my pants I started crying. " When I'm done with you she will be next!" " No please. No." he slapped me again and blood filled my mouth. " YOU FUCKER THAT'S THE LAST TIME YOU HURT HER!" a loud thud sounded followed by a body hitting the floor. My only fear was that it would be Monique's body and not his. I sat up wiping my mouth. " are you okay?" her voice was laced with worry and concern but it was a relief to know she was okay. Her hands were on my hips. " Yes." " Come on let's get out of here before.." Eddie got up and pulled her by her hair sending her backwards causing her to hit her head on the edge of the counter blood started dripping of her head. " You stupid little tramp she is not going anywhere! She is mine do you get that?!" Monique was trying to get up but he kicked her. You gonna stand there and watch him hurt her? NO. THE LET ME FUCKING DO SOMETHING! I couldn't watch him hurt her anymore. Next to me there was vase with flowers in it, I took it and got of the table, smashing it to the back of his head. He grunt and fell on top of Monique. We both pushed him away from her. " I'm so sorry" I touch the side of her face and cleaned it with a cloth that was on the counter. " Don't apologize. You didn't do this." " But its my fault you are here." " No it's not. I came of my own will." I took her to the living room and sat her down. Her head was still bleeding. " Stay here I will get the first aid kit." Are you going to let him get away with all this? He hurt Monique! Monique the only one that has showed you love! The only one who has cared enough to defend you? " SHUT UP!" I was standing at the door with the kit in my hand. " Bella, who are you talking too?" " no one sorry I was just having bad