Full synopsis: Sequel to God of Night: With her brother and their Patron along with some of her newly made friends Bianca set out to fulfill the Great Prophecy; The prophecy that had always been meant for her. The daughter of Hades will take some daring risks that will have her brother scared for her life as he desperately trying to fight the fates, while continues to get she gets closer to reaching sixteen. The Battle between the Titan Lord and the Child of Prophecy like never before written! A.N.: Here it is chapter one to CHAMPION OF NIGHT the sequel to GOD OF NIGHT. And to the reviewer who commented on no closure, did J.R.R. Tolkien give closure at the end of book one in The Fellowship of the Ring ? If I remember correctly a dying Frodo was being rushed to Rivendell. I bring up The Lord of the Ring because that's how I will be writing the tale of Perseus. Like how The Lord of the Rings had Frodo as the main character before telling paths of other characters before ending with Frodo, is how I am going to write this stories. (Little sneak peek at to what's to come, Perseus will have a Gandalf-ish role.) If what I just said made no sense to you; just ignore it and just read the story. DISCLAIMER: SADLY I DO NOT OWN PERCY JACKSON AND THE OLYMPIANS OR HEROES OF OLYMPUS. Also, I revised this without Anaklusmos14's help - yeah, I know, I'm an idjit (gotta love Supernatural, the best T.V. show ever, Damn You Dick Roman for killing Bobby!). If needed be I will repost this chapter, but I think I fix all my errors. The Prophecy Child The girls walked through the snow covered camp in silence for a bit. One in silver pants, a white shirt with black lettering spelling out "Death to the Barbie" and a depiction of just that (a Barbie with an arrow in her head and blood dripping profusely from the wound), and a silver jacket. The other in black jeans, a grey shirt, and a black jacket. The two girls had not grown up together, and yet they in their week, week and a half of knowing each other, they had become closer them any mortal cousins who saw each other on a regular basis could ever be. Finally Thalia spoke. "So it seems that you and Nico are staying for a bit," said the newest addition to the hunters. Bianca smiled. "Yeah, Nico isn't really interested in staying long, but still, I hope he makes some friends here at camp like me." she responded with a small nod. "You're a good sister," Thalia said with a big smile. "Thanks Thalia." Bianca said. They walked in silence once more for a while before it was broken again, this time by Hades' daughter. "So are you excited about being in the hunt?" she asked. "Yeah, I am," the new huntress said with an unconvincing frown. "Artemis actually made me fourth in command behind her, Zoe, and Phoebe. She said she's got a feeling that now that Perseus back, he and Zoe are going to be spending a lot of time together, so she wanted to make sure she had someone to help Phoebe lead the hunt when necessary." "But then what's wrong with that? You'll do great!" Bianca asked slightly confused. "It's not the hunt... Listen Bianca," Thalia said stopping and Bianca followed suit. "About you being the prophecy child now, I'm so-." Bianca immediately cut her off before she could finish her apology. "Thalia listen," she said taking her cousin's hand in her own. "First, I know the son of Hermes is your friend, I promise I'll do everything I can for him. Holding him back on Mount Othrys so that the others could free Artemis was more than anyone could ask of you." Here Bianca paused and looked around to make sure they were alone. "There's something you need to know," the daughter of Hades continued taking a deep breath, "Nico and I aren't from this time. We were born near the end of the second world war." "Come again?" Thalia said blinking a couple of times as she tried to comprehend what she'd just been told. "On the quest, everything seemed out of place. In D.C. I remembered the train station wasn't there when Nico and I grew up as kids, but as you saw the place has obviously been there for a while. So I mentioned it to Perseus. He just smirked and said, 'What's the last President you remember? F.D.R right? That was over seventy years ago grandma.' He then told me that our father had placed me and Nico in the Lotus Hotel to protect us from Zeus." Bianca said turning to look at the top of Half-Blood hill where the Golden Fleece hung on Thalia's tree as the young dragon Peleus curled around its base guarding it. Thalia followed her gaze. She understood how it felt to be pulled out of time. She'd heard when the power and thus the gods came to America, the lotus eaters had settled in Las Vegas. Annabeth had once told her of the time she, Lee and Beckendorf had accidentally gone in the hotel for an hour during a quest to recover Zeus' master bolt, only to discover five days had passed since they'd gone in. Thalia didn't know what to say. After a minute Bianca turned back to Thalia. "The reason why I'm telling you this is not so you feel bad for me and Nico." She said, her dark, obsidian black eyes staring straight into her cousin's startlingly electric blue eyes with a look so intense Thalia wondered if Bianca was using her abilities as a daughter of Hades to see her soul underneath her skin. "He and I have always been able to take care of each other. I'm telling you this so you know; I was the one meant to be the prophecy child from the beginning. I was to be the first child of the three eldest gods to reach sixteen after it was issued. So don't you see Thalia? It's always been meant for me, so I'm going to finish it. No more of the gods trying to change fate," Bianca continued with a shake of her head, "No more games. The prophecy is mine, and mine alone as it was made to be. I'm not going to let you, or Nico, or anyone else carry my burden." Thalia just looked back at to her cousin for a moment before she embraced her in a hug. "I'm honored to know you." she said softly. "Whenever I can, if you need me, I'll be there." Bianca smiled as she hugged Thalia back. "The same goes for you," she replied. "Did you mean it?" Thalia said pulling back from the hug and looking at her cousin's face trying not to show the small amount of hope she still had lest it be stuffed out, "What you said about trying to help Luke?" "Yes," Bianca nodded solemnly as she added, "Thalia, I swear it on the River Styx. I will do all in my power to save Luke." She then started to walk towards the big house again as thunder boomed so loud the nymphs yelped as their trees shook violently. Tears of gratitude glittered in her eyes as she followed the daughter of Hades who she suddenly realized had become her best friend. Into the Darkness Ch.1 The next morning after eating breakfast with Bianca Nico walked to the big house for the meeting Chiron had called, his sword hanging from his hip in its black silver edged sheath. Bianca had gone ahead with Thalia, who to the utter shock of the other campers was in the attire of a huntress. Nico didn't mind Bianca had left with Thalia. Though he didn't remember much of his past before being taken out of that hotel in Vegas by their mother's lawyer, he did know that he and his sister had always been there for each other their entire lives; well to be honest it had mainly been Bianca taking care of him when he got himself in sticky situations. So he was glad that his sister had finally found a friend. However, he himself wasn't personally interested in making any friends. He just preferred doing his own thing. Though he did think that guy, Will, and his older brother Lee along with the Beckendorf kid was alright. Thalia becoming a hunter wasn't the only surprise that morning. Nico smirked as he remembered the look on the campers faces when they saw the new table in the pavilion. Though the majority of the campers didn't mind after they got over their initial shock, Clarisse to his amusement still didn't look too happy about it. He also knew some of the campers were uneasy about Bianca, and in particularly him; though they did a pretty good job of not showing it. He didn't mind. He knew that they'd learn to accept his family over time, but even if they didn't the campers would have to learn to deal with it. For later that day a new cabin was going to appear in camp, a cabin made in honor of his father in which he and Bianca would live. 'Yes, and when they see it,' he thought to himself as he walked up the steps of the big house porch, 'They will know that the House of Hades is here, and it was here to stay.' The second Nico walked in the rec room which doubled as the camp's unofficial war council headquarters Percy, who was sitting at the head of the ping-pong table shook his head. "No, that's just not gonna work." he said. "What? What are you talking about." he asked completely puzzled. In response Perseus snapped his fingers and Nico's sword disappeared and a dog tag hanging from a silver chain appeared around his neck. "Hey!" Nico cried. "Look at the dog tag Nico," Perseus smiled. "Sorry but the whole "sword hanging from your hip thing's" out of style pal." Nico gazed at the tag and read: Nico di Angelo Son of Hades C.o.W: B.I.S- Soulsucker "What's cow bis mean?" he said confused. Percy laughed,"I know you have Demigod Syndrome kid, but if you used context clues you'd see that it's W.o.C. As in 'Weapon of Choice'. And that says sib, not bis." "Oh," Nico blushed turning sightly pink in face. "sib as in Stygian iron blade. Got it." Indeed, when Nico looked at the tag again he saw it did say: Nico di Angelo Son of Hades C.o.W: S.I.B- Soulsucker "Bingo," Percy smiled. Nico experimentally tugged on the dog tag. When he did it changed, and his sword appeared slung over his right shoulder in a back scabbard. "Sweet!" he said grinning before he turn smugly to his sister. "Ha, your weapons can't do that!" Bianca smirked and pulled on the two bracelets she wore, one on each wrist, as she did Nico realized that they were a new addition to her outfit he hadn't seen before. When she tugged on the bracelets her hunting knives appeared in her hands before she tapped her wrists together and they returned to bracelet form. She then pulled on her new black beaded necklace and her bow and quiver appeared slung on her back. She pulled the strap to her quiver and it along with the bow returned to necklace form. Nico scowled and return Soulsucker to its new form before he sat down. Thalia and Percy laughed at the brother and sisters' interaction. The hunters were the last to arrive. The huntresses Sophie and Chloe, who were sort of Zoe and Phoebe's, helpers had come for the meeting too. The instant she entered the room Zoe made a beeline to Percy and sat on his lap after