The Malfoy Manor was abuzz with chatter and excitement, which was abnormal for the usually silent house. Inside, the Malfoys were hosting their annual Christmas party, complete with elaborate decorations, The Weird Sisters and a rather large Christmas tree. The massive ball room in the left wing of the mansion was charmed with an extension spell, allowing almost five dozen guests to fit inside. On the right side of the room, the wall was enchanted to appear as though it were non-existent – fluffy snowflakes were falling down softly, peacefully, layering in a white blanket that covered the grounds of the Malfoy residence. The guests stood in small groups, holding polite conversations, toasting to each other occasionally. The hosts, Lucius and Narcissa, were lounging next to a massive fireplace, chatting with the Minister, tossing out an occasional chuckle. Beneath the garlands of fairy lights adoring the left wall of the ball room, Astoria Greengrass and Aquila Rowle sat at a large glass table. A snow globe sat in the centre, with a candy cane and owl glittering inside. Aquila was staring at it dreamily, watching the snowflakes swirl and create various patterns inside. Astoria, on the other hand, was watching the other side of the room, where Pansy Parkinson stood simpering with Draco Malfoy. "Just look at Parkinson. She looks like a toad." Her voice was derisive and dismissive, as though daring Aquila to challenge this remark. Aquila snorted in agreement, "you would assume coming from France she would have a better sense of fashion…" Raising an eyebrow, Astoria tore her gaze from Parkinson to look at Aquila, "Paris? Pft. So that's why she thinks she's so special. Do you see how she pines over Malfoy?" "I bet they have a thing going on. I mean just look ." Astoria once again turned to gaze over at Draco for a long minute, "he doesn't look so impressed though." She began to smirk, "maybe he's finally noticed that he's got a toad hanging around him." "Not impressed, eh? Well, maybe you should impress him instead," Aquila nudged Astoria in the ribs, perhaps a little harder than necessary. Astoria's cheeks reddened, "What? No! I mean…" Grabbing her pumpkin juice and taking a long sip, she eventually spluttered, "I haven't finished my drink." "Yeah, okay, whatever you say, Greengrass," Aquila chuckled, taking a small gulp of her drink as well. "Oh shut up." Three rounds of Firewhiskey later, Astoria's eyes returned to Draco, "Parkinson has finally got on her broom." "Don't think she'll fly very far though." Bolstered in confidence by the drinks, Astoria drew herself up straighter, and, clearly indignant, rounded on her friend; "you don't think I can take her?" "That's exactly what I'm saying, Greengrass. You don't have the guts." Aquila smirked. "Yeah? Well…" She drained what was left in her glass, "you just watch and learn." Standing up and smoothening her robes, she winked at Aquila "just you wait." Draco was standing to the side of his father, a bored expression on his face. Astoria approached cautiously, clearing her throat, "er…good evening, Mr Malfoy, Draco." Draco glanced quickly at her, dropping his gaze down to the glass of pumpkin juice in his hand. "Miss Greengrass, what a pleasure." Lucius gave her a small smile. "How's your mother? I hear she is travelling?" "Yes. She has gone to Lithuania for study… Cornish pixies. She asked me to send you her best." "Of course! I hope she can join us for the next gathering. Draco, why don't you and Miss Greengrass chat for a little bit over there?" Lucius turned back to another Death Eater, simultaneously nudging Draco's shoulder. Draco jumped at the jab, "yes…of course. Astoria?" He gestured Astoria to follow him as he turned and headed towards one of the many empty drawing rooms lining the back wall of the ball room. Astoria paused to throw a searching look at Aquila, then without awaiting a response, she followed. Draco sat down in one of the armchairs, crossing his legs. He continued to stare at his glass, not bothering to start a conversation. Astoria twisted her robes in her hand, disconcerted by his silence, "so…it's been a while." They had not spoken individually to one another for a few years now. As children they had once been forced to be friends but as adults, had never sought one another's company by choice. "I suppose." "You're awfully quiet." "I'm not exactly in a mood for a pointless chat." Draco scoffed, his eyes now wandering over the many paintings above their heads, those which he was doubtlessly already very familiar with. "Pointless? Well, if that's how you feel." She stood up, "I won't bother you anymore." "Good." His eyes never moved from the painting of a snowy landscape. "Fine." Astoria spied Aquila, still sitting where she had left her. Approaching her shoulder, Astoria sighed and muttered under her breath, "waste of time." Craning her neck round to look at her, Aquila smiled sympathetically, "I assume it wasn't a particularly long conversation?" "No, funnily enough. He's bloody miserable." "Well, his family is a bit..." Looking uncomfortable, Aquila squirmed and shook her head, "anyways, so no more plans for Malfoy then?" With a snort, Astoria looked at the floor determinedly. "Hell no. Zabini is more to my taste anyway." From the other side of the room, Zabini could be heard with a conspicuous sneeze. "I think he heard you," Aquila chuckled quietly. Embarrassed, Astoria ducked her head to stare even harder at the floor, "oh Merlin's beard! Is he looking? Tell me he's not looking." Now grinning, Aquila reassured her friend with a lie, "he's not looking." Astoria looked up and her eyes met Zabini's. Cheeks flaming red, she immediately looked down and hissed, "you lied." "Yup," she popped the 'p'. Unaware of the spectacle unfolding, Lucius cleared his throat, "may I have your attention please!" The guests turned to face their host. Waiting for silence, Lucius looked grand and important as the guests settled and became quiet in expectation. "I've got a very special announcement for you. As you all know, maintaining the purity of our blood is an utmost priority. We pride ourselves in descending from pure lineages, great witches and wizards. Thus, I am more than happy to announce a marriage between my son Draco and Astoria Greengrass! Let's toast to their future!" Astoria gaped as the eyes of the guests turned to her. Some appeared confused, just like her. Others simply looked resigned or bored. Most wore an expression of polite interest. Desperately seeking out her father in the crowd, the young witch scanned the room. She met her father's eyes, fixing an accusing stare at him. Her father, however, met her gaze head on for a brief moment, turning his attention back to Lucius Malfoy as the other guests broke out into modest cheer. Draco, seated on the other side of the room, was completely unfazed by the news. Calmly shifting into a more comfortable position, he rested his elbow on the armrest, leaning his chin on his knuckles. His grey eyes slowly found their way to Astoria, observing her stunned face. A small smug smile made its way onto Draco's pale face, hiding behind his resting arm. Astoria quickly turned to Aquila as if to reaffirm the words that had spilled from Lucius' lips, "What in the name of Merlin's beard did he say? Did I just hallucinate? Did you give me one of those stupid Weasley potions?" " Weasley ? Are you insulting me?" Aquila gasped, dramatically putting her hand to her chest. "Answer the question!" Astoria hissed out harshly, gripping her glass tightly, "He just said…he just said…I mean, I can't. No one asked me. This… This is wrong!" Daphne approached the two girls quickly, keen to avoid further attention, "Astoria, for Merlin's sake, calm down. You're making a scene!" She whispered harshly. Anger distorting her features, Astoria snapped at her sister, "So?! Maybe someone ought to have asked me first!" Daphne dipped her head almost apologetically, "it's not about you, it's about maintaining the reputation of our family. You know that." Slowly Astoria's mouth settled into a straight line as she considered Daphne's words for a second. "Alright…but someone should have told me first. How did you think I'd react? Why isn't it you?" Daphne was the same age as Draco, had spent more time with him, and seemed to like him – all reasons that made her seem the more reasonable choice of the two sisters. Daphne chose to deflect the last part of the question, "I understand, but did you really think you would've reacted any differently if we told you beforehand?" "Well, no…I suppose not." It was true that Astoria felt angered, maybe even betrayed by this sudden arrangement and it would not have mattered when the news had dropped. "But…I'm still at school." "This does not mean you're getting married tomorrow, Astoria," Daphne rolled her eyes. "It's just to get things started." "You don't understand." Astoria paused, debating whether she should reveal her concerns to her sister, "he doesn't like me, Daphne." Shock crossed Daphne's face, as though she had never even considered this as a possible issue. "Do you really think this arrangement is about love? It's for the good of both families, it's for important ties and opportunities. It's for us, Astoria. Not for love." "Okay…I-okay." Sensing it would be no use arguing, Astoria smiled weakly. "I suppose it could be worse, right? I could've had Crabbe – or worse, Goyle." "Exactly." Glad she appeared to be cheering up, Daphne chuckled. "Look at it this way – it's not going to happen for a while, so you have nothing to worry about." "So a few years then? We can wait?" "I suppose so." She smiled to hide her doubt. "Then I guess I can live with it. I just thought…why didn't mother mention it?" "I… Well, there is a reason she is travelling…" Daphne adverted her eyes from Astoria's accusing gaze. "What? What do you mean?" Astoria's voice was rising, as she regained her earlier anger. "It's not that important, Astoria. What is important-" Cutting in with a sharp tongue, Astoria's voice reached a new crescendo, "isn't important?! It's my life! You tell me what you know right now." "I know as much as you do. The arranged marriage between you and Malfoy. That's all." Daphne finished on a firm note, determined to silence Astoria. "I don't believe you. Where's father?" Maintaining her calm demeanour, Daphne pointed towards where their father stood, immersed in a deep conversation with Draco's father. "He's speaking with Lucius Malfoy. And you shouldn't interrupt." "So I'm supposed to just somehow 'enjoy' myself now?" "Yes! That's exactly what you should do!" Daphne shook her head in exasperation. "Enjoy your time at Hogwarts and when the time comes, it comes!" Breathing out hard, Astoria conceded defeat, "That is rich. Whatever. I need more Firewhiskey. Come on, Aquila." "Astoria!" Daphne whispered harshly, appalled. Astoria stomped off with Aquila following close behind, heading towards where house elves stood serving drinks. However, Lucius chose to take this moment to clear his throat again, capturing everyone's attention for the second time. "Miss Greengrass, would you join me for a moment? Draco," He motioned towards his son to join him as well. "I do feel we are in need of making this arrangement more… official. Thus, I suggest performing," Lucius grabbed Astoria and Draco by their wrists, "the Unbreakable Vow." "What?" Astoria backed away slightly, horrified, "But-" Lucius cut off Astoria, tightening his grip on both of their wrists, twisting them uncomfortably. Both of them dropped to their knees from the forceful act, facing each other. Lucius pulled their right hands in front of the kneeling Astoria and Draco, clasping the hands together. He pulled out his son's wand and directed it to the joined hands, a dangerous twinkle present in his eyes. Astoria's father shifted uncomfortably in his spot, standing