Author's Note: Hello and welcome everyone to my new fanfic! This story is one that has been bouncing around in my head for awhile now, and I would like to get it out of my head. This story was originally a request from a friend of mine, but I adapted it into my own. This story will be quite long. Most of it is planned out, but if you have any suggestions, I would gladly take them into consideration. Before I begin this long journey, I would like to thank EuclidWriter, who is my editor. He will (hopefully) be sticking with me throughout this journey, however long it may be. Second to last thing: This WILL BE a PERCABETH story. But before, Percy has to- well, you will find out as you read. And the last thing I wanted to mention, is the first few chapters will be a prologue, and an interesting background around Percy will be displayed. Disclaimer: I own nothing related to Percy Jackson franchise. All rights go to one Rick Riordan Prologue: Percy's Childhood Thunder clapped overhead, as a the sounds of a newborn baby came into the world. Rain poured over head, clattering onto the ceiling of the hospital. A man, dressed in doctor scrubs, took the screaming baby over to the cleansing station, and washed the baby, before presenting it to its mother. How much longer? She thought, even though the baby would be in her hands in only a few seconds. The doctor finished cleaning the baby, checked its eyesight and hearing, before concluding the fact that everything was perfect. The doctor carefully picked the baby up, and carried it over to its mother. His eyes left the baby, and met the mother's eyes, before gazing to the father. "Everything is fine," the doctor said at last. "Your baby boy is just fine." The mother sighed in relief, before letting a tear escape from her eyes. Gently, the father brushed it away, and looked into her eyes with nothing but love. The doctor swiftly left the foot of the bed and went to the mother's left side, before setting the baby boy gently into her arms. Her tears wouldn't stop, as he was placed into her arms. "Do we have a name yet?" the doctor said tenderly. Looking into the mother's eyes, he saw her trying to get out the name that they spent so much time picking out. When he concluded that she wouldn't be able to make out the simple name, he gazed over to the father, meeting his eyes. "Perseus," the father made out. "Our son's name is Perseus," the father beamed at the sound of his son's name. A tear escaped his eye, as he looked over at his new addition to his family. "Perseus Anderson," the doctor breathed out. "What a fine name that is. I must excuse myself," the doctor said as he made his way to the door. "I must get started on your son's paperwork." The new parents only nodded, as the doctor made his way out the door, and into the hallway. A few minutes went by with only the sound of the mother's tears of joy. Slowly calming down, the father put a comforting hand on her, slowly saying, "We did it Sally. Our son," the man breathed out, letting the tears that built up, slowly spill. "Poseidon," Sally said as she stretched an arm out and caressed her husbands check. "Our family," she managed with finality. She slowly brought her lips to Poseidons, and let her mind go blank. She brought her face back, and studied his sea green eyes. Perseus' eyes slowly opened, showing the world his sea green eyes, that resembled his father's. He let out a small squeal, before being calmed down by his new parents once more. "Shhh," Sally said as Perseus started to cry once more. "Your life will be filled with nothing but happiness. You will have the greatest life imaginable." Sally cooed her new son. Later that day, Perseus was brought home to his new house. A place, that would be full of a child's squeal, for far too long… 6 Years Later… "Watch out Percy!" the older boy said as he shoved Percy into a group of children. Percy passed right through them and slammed to the floor, earning laughs from everyone around. Embarrassed, Percy pushed himself up, and bowed his head slightly, showing a sign of surrender. "That's it?" the boy said surprised at how easily Percy caved in this time. Normally Percy would have fought back a bit, but over time, Percy learned to give in. Percy's eyes left the floor, and studied the kids around him. It was before school started, 5 minutes in fact, and at this time, everyone was in the halls. They either talked to their friends, or they waited for their daily dose of Percy against Mark. Percy's eyes met Mark's. Percy turned away, and slowly walked down to his classroom. Percy's jet black hair swayed a little, as he walked. A boy came up from behind him and tapped his shoulder. Expecting it to be Mark, he jumped forwards, ready for his next punishment. Much to his surprise, a smaller boy, with brown curly hair met his gaze. "Don't let Mark get to ya!" He squeaked. "He likes to think he is the coolest kid around," he started to say, before realizing he missed his introduction. "Oh! I am sorry. My name is Grover Underwood!" "Percy, Percy Anderson," Percy stated while he averted his gaze. "Hi-lo!" He greeted lamely. "I know! I see you all the time! I am your neighbor as a matter of fact!" Grover said amused. Percy's eyes snapped back to the boy. "It's okay, I only moved her a week ago. I hope we can be friends!" Grover extended his hand in a friendly manner. Before Percy could accept it, the bell rung, signaling the start of the school day. Percy re shouldered his backpack, and said a quick goodbye, after agreeing to walk home with him. Percy slowly walked to his class, as kids started to file into their respective class. 6 hours later... As Grover had promised, he was waiting for Percy outside the building to walk home with him. Giving him a quick greeting, Percy shouldered his backpack, and marched forth in the direction of his house. As they proceeded to the house, Grover would not stop talking. Once he finished saying something entirely, he would start a whole new topic, involving Percy only a few times. Percy took this time to study his surroundings. Miami, Florida. Percy thought in his head, Born in Florida, Percy and his parents, Sally and Poseidon Anderson, had lived in a medium sized beach house located on the shores of Florida. Dressed in a tank top and shorts, Percy got accustomed to the weather slower than he thought. "Percy?" Grover said. "Hm? Oh- Sorry. I got distracted!" Percy said quickly. Looking over at Grover. "Where did you move from?" "San Francisco," Grover said as they proceeded down their street. "The weather here is a bit nicer, but both places are very warm..." Grover started to rant again. It was the beginning of June, which meant Percy's 1st grade was slowly coming to a close. Percy was elated his school year was coming to a close. His parents promised him they would be going on a trip as soon as school got out for him, and to Percy, that day couldn't come sooner. "... and the beach is right there! Which means I can swim WHENEVER I WANT!" Grover squealed in delight, remembering his day at the beach yesterday. A few minutes passed in silence, as Grover continued to grin to himself. Houses passed the two boys, until Grover stopped at a two story house that overlooked the ocean. Looking at the house, Percy noticed the color was that of the sea, which fit giving the area. Percy looked down the road and spotted his house, making note of how close Grover actually lived. "This is my house!" Grover stated the obvious. "I guess I will catch ya later!" Grover said as he turned on his heel, and sprinted into his front lawn. Percy laughed at Grover's sudden outburst, and he turned towards his house, and started to walk down the hill, waving goodbye to Grover. Grover trotted onto his porch, and burst the door open and ran into the house laughing his ass off. He ran up the stairs towards his bedroom, and threw his swimming trunks on, all with a laugh. "Grover!" his mother yelled from the kitchen. Grover's giggling stopped at the sound of his mother's voice. He looked at the door, and ran out the door and down the stairs. '14! 15! 16! 17!' he inwardly counted the stairs, and when he hit the last stair, he jumped to the ground floor with a loud THUD! He waddled his way into the kitchen and ran to his mother, and hugged her leg, all with a smile. With one though in his mind, his new friend Percy. Percy's House… The front door gently closed as he entered the house. Percy walked up the stairs to his room, and lazily put his backpack on his bed. Collapsing onto the bed, Percy yawned. Percy's eyes wandered around the room. His walls was a light sea green that looked like the color of the ocean. The bottom of the wall was outlined with sea shells that they gathered when Percy was 3 years old. He giggled at the memory of him forcing his parents to continue to search for shells, even if they already had enough. His thoughts were broken when the sound of a woman shouted at the top of her lungs. "PERCY? Are you home sweety?" his mother shouted. "Yes mother!" Percy groaned as he got off his bed. He walked out of his room, and slowly made his way down the stairs. Percy slowly walked into the kitchen, and he was quickly picked up by his mother. "Hi sweety!" Sally cooed as she spun Percy around, causing him to giggle uncontrollably. Much to Percy's disappointment, she set him down and asked, "How was your day?" "Good!" was all Percy said, before rushing to the couch, and jumped next to his father, who was working on his computer. "Hi daddy!" Poseidon laughed at Percy's antics, and he set his laptop on the coffee table before turning to Percy. Without warning, he started to tickle Percy, causing him to laugh once again. "How are you buddy!" Poseidon asked. "Good!" Percy said again before jumping off the couch and running back upstairs. Poseidon laughed once more, and picked his laptop back up and continued working. Poseidon was CEO of a large overseas exportation service, while Sally was a stay at home mother until Percy grew up some. Sally walked up behind Poseidon and wrapped her arms around his neck before saying, "He gets his energy from you," Sally kissed his check before letting go of his neck. "Ha ha," Poseidon laughed. "Yeah, he does have a lot more energy then we know what to do with." A beeping sound in the kitchen caught Sally's attention, and apparently Percy's, because he bolted back into the kitchen, eagerly awaiting Sally's baking. Laughing slightly, Sally pulled the blue chocolate chip cookies out from the oven, and placed them on the cookie sheet. "You have to wait a few minutes sweety," Sally said ruffling his messy jet black hair, Percy groaned and sulked over to his father, making them both laugh… Three Weeks Later… "... and students remember to place your homework in the homework bin, FIRST thing in the morning." Mrs. Odgin said as she wrapped up the school day. She slowly walked over to the classroom door and carefully opened it. As if the signal was given, all the students bolted out the door. Percy hung