WARNING ! THIS CHAPTER IS A FEW LITTLE FACTS ABOUT FAIRIES SO IF YOU DON'T CARE DON'T READ JUST IGNORE Yes it's a fairy story, there is obviously not enough to sate my desires . Disclaimer: I own nothing Fairy Myths and Folklores NAMES: Abatwa - Said to be the tiniest creatures of human form in existence, these little people coexist peacefully with the ants in the anthills of Southern Africa and live on their foragings from the roots of grasses and other plants. They are very shy and so are elusive, however tend to reveal themselves to very young children, wizards, and pregnant women. Aeval - A Faery Queen of southwestern Munster. In her district a debate was launched on whether the men were satisfying the woman's sexual needs. In a midnight court, Aeval heard both sides and then decreed the men wrong and sentenced them to overcome their prudishness and accede to the woman's needs. (Kisma) Angiaks - children of the living dead of Eskimo lore. In hard times, unwanted babies were taken out into the snow by tribal elders to die of exposure. Unless the tribe would move to a new hunting ground, they would often find themselves haunted by this small, miserable ghost. Ankou - the faerie version of the grim reaper. Sometimes he's portrayed as a benevolent, comforting figure. Anthropophagi - a cannibal faerie. He has no head, but his eyes sit atop his shoulders and a mouth may be found in his torso. His lack of a nose allows him to eat human flesh without gagging. Asparas - Usually female, also known as sky-dancers. They bless humans at important stages in their lives, and are often seen at weddings. They live in fig trees and sometimes appear to scholars or scientists, seduce and exhaust them, making sure they don't venture into areas that the spirit world deems unfit. Asrai - are small and delicate female faeries who melt away into a pool of water when captured or exposed to sunlight. Aughisky - (Agh-iski) They are the Irish version of the Each-Uisge. Bean-Nighe - (ben-neeya) Similiar to that of the Banshee. The Washing women is the type of Banshee who haunts the lonely streams of Scotland and Ireland. Washing the blood-stained garments of those about to die. It is said that these spirits are the ghosts of women who died in childbirth and that they are fated to perform their task until the day when they would have normally died. Barguest - A kind of Bogie. It has horns, dangerous teeth and claws, and fiery eyes. It can take many forms, but usually is a shaggy black dog. Upon the death of a prominent figure, it rounds up all the dogs in the community and leads them on a procession through the streets, howling. Bauchan - also Bogan. A type of Hobgoblin. Like most faeries, they are fond of tricks, sometimes are dangerous, and sometimes are helpful. Bendith y Mamau (ben-dith uh momay) - Mother's Blessing, which was the name of the fairies of the Carmarthenshire country in Wales; this saying became a prayer spoken to ward-off harm. Black Annis - See Hags. Blue Men of the Minch - - They dwell in the strait between Long Island and the Shiant Islands. They are responsible for sudden thunderstorms and shipwrecks, but their ship-sinking attempts may be thwarted if you are an adept rhymer. Some think they may be fallen angels. Bodach - also Bugbear or Bug-A-Boo. They slide down chimneys to kidnap naughty children. Boggart - Brownies that have turned evil. Bogie - This is the generic name for some different types of Goblins. Their temperments range the spectrum from benign to malevolent. Bogles - Generally evil-natured Goblins although they are more disposed to do harm to liars and murderers. Bokwus - A fearsome spirit in the great northwestern American spruce forests. He is only seen in glimpses, but has been seen wearing totemic face paints. Hunters are very aware of his presence. He likes to push fishermen off the banks to drown, taking teh victim's soul to his home in the forest Brown Man of the Muirs - Protector of wild beasts. Brownie - His territory extends over the Lowlands of Scotland and up into the Highlands and Islands all over the north and east of England and into the Midlands. With a natural linguistic variation, he becomes the BWCA of Wales, the Highland Bodach and the Manx Fenodoree. In the West Country, Pixies or Pisgies occassionally perform the offices of a brownie and show some of the same characteristics, though they are essentially different. Border brownies are most characteristic. They are small men, about three feet in height, very raggedly dressed in brown clothes, with brown faces and shaggy heads, who come out at night to do the work that has been left undone by the servants. They make themselves responsible for the farm or house in which they live: reap, mow, her the sheep, prevent the hens from laying away, run errands, and give good counsel at need. A brownie can become personally attached to one member of the family. Bugul-Noz - He's a forest dweller, a shepherd. He's very unattractive and he knows it, but he yearns for human companionship. Bwca - The Welsh name for the Brownie. They have slightly nastier tempers and are prone to tantrums if their work is criticized. They also despise tattletales and people with long noses. Cannered-Noz - Breton version of the Bean-Sidhe. Cluricaun - After his day's labors the Leprechaun enjoys a night's revelry and then becomes known as the Cluricaun (kloor-a-kawn). He raids wine cellars and is known to take wild drunken rides through the moonlight on the backs of sheep or shepherds dogs. Coblynau - Welsh Mine Goblin. Cousins to the Cornish Knockers. These creatures using mining tools, are seen working industriously at the seam faces. The knocking of their picks and hammers is lucky, a sign of heavy ore content. Corrigan - Malignant nature spirits found in Brittany, often associated with phantoms of the dead. Cururipur - A powerful South American spirit who owned the jungle and tortures tortoise hunters since the tortoises are his friends Daoine Maithe - "The Good People"; Similar to the Gentry, they were said to be next to heaven at the Fall, but did not fall; Some think they are a people expecting salvation. Disir - these are spirits who attach themselves to a particular place, usually man made, like houses. Especially old houses. They are generally feminine ancestral spirits. Duergar - These are a malicious form of Dwarf from Northern England. They revel in tricking people into dying. Dwarfs - Germany/Isle of Rugen/Swiss mountains. Short but powerfully built, they are generally bearded and aged in appearance, this is because they reach maturity when only three years old and are grey bearded by the age of seven. Their homes aree the mountains of Scandinavia and Germany where they mine for precious metals to work into arms and armour and other artifacts which are often endowed with magic. They cannot appear above ground tho one ray of sunlight and they will turn to stone. Other accounts say they spend daylight hours as toads. Dybbuk - a Jewish demonic spirit capable of possessing humans. Each-Uisge - (Ech-ooshkya) They are similar to the Kelpie, but far more dangerous. They inhabit lochs and seas and will eat their victims after tearing them into pieces, except for the liver, which they leave. If they are ridden inland, they are safe to ride, but if they catch the slightest whiff of the sea air... Ekimmu - One of the uttuku, evil or vengeful spirits of the ancient Assyrians, the ekimmu appeared wailing and crying outside a home to signal an impending death, much like a Banshee. Ellyllon - The name given to the Welsh elves. They are tiny, diaphanous fairies whose food is toadstools and fairy butter, a fungoid substance found in the roots of old trees and in limstone crevices. Their queen is Mab. Elves - In Scandinavian mythology the fairy people were elves and were divided into two classes, the light elves and the dark elves, like the Seelie and Unseelie Court. In Scotland the fairy people of human size were often called elves and Faeryland was Elfame; in England it was the smaller Trooping Fay who were called elves, and the name was particularly applied to small fairy boys. ErlKonig - he is the "Elf King" in Germany. He's been known to warn people of their pending deaths. How he appears will relay to that person how he or she is going to die. Fachan, The - From the West Highlands of Scotland. Fays - The dialect name in Northumberland. Fair Family or Fair Folk - The euphemistic name used by the Welsh for the fairies. (See Tylwyth Teg.) Farisees, or Pharisees - The Suffolk name for fairies. The Suffolk children used to be confused between the farisees and the biblical mentions of the Pharises. Fary - The dialect name in Northumberland. Feeorin - A small fairy that is indicated as being, green-coated, generally red-capped, and with the usual fairy traits of love of dancing and music. Fees - The fairiers of Upper Brittany. Fenoderee - A type of Brownie from the Isle of Man. A willing worker of prodigious strength, the Fenoderee performs many labours for the farmers of Man. The Fenoderee was a member of the Ferrishyn - the faerie tribe of Man, until he made the mistake of absenting himself from their Autumn festival to court a mortal girl. His good looks were taken from him and he became the solitary, ugly creature he is now. Feriers, or Ferishers - Another Suffolk name for the fairies. Ferries - The usual name for the Shetland and Ocadian fairies. Ferrishyn (Ferrishin) - A Manx name for the fairie tribe; the singular is "ferrish". They are the Trooping Fairies of Man, though there does not seem to be any distinction between them and the Sleih Beggey. They are less aristocratic than the fairies of Ireland and Wales, and they have no named fairy king or queen. They were small, generally described as three feet in height, though sometimes as one foot. They could hear whatever was said out of doors. Every wind stirring carried the sound to their ears, and this made people very careful to speak of them favorably. Fetes - The Fates of Upper Brittany. Fir Darrig - (Fear dearg) delights in practical joking of a rather gruesome nature and therefore it is probably safer to humor him. Foawr (fooar) - Manx equivalent of Highland Fomorians/giants, stone-throwing. Frairies - The Norfolk and Suffolk, local version of the word "fairy". Fyglia - a sort of personal spirit. They often take an animal form. The Native Americans call them "fetches" and use them as totems. They serve mostly as personal guardians. Gans - Apache Indian shamen offer prayers to the Gans, asking them to drive evil spirits away and to attract good fortune. Gentry, the - The most noble tribe of all the fairies in Ireland. A big race who came from the planets and usually appear in white. The Irish used to bless the Gentry for fear of harm otherwise. Ghillie Dhu - A Scottish solitary faerie who inhabits certain birch hickets. His clothing is made of leaves and moss. Glaistig, The - is a water faerie and is part seductive woman, part goat. The goat-like attributes she tries to hide under a long flowing green dress. The Glaistig lures men to dance with her before she feeds, vampire-like, on their blood. Her nature is typically faerie-perverse for she can also be benign and gently tend children or old people. She will also sometimes herd cattle for farmers. Goblins - A breed of small, swarthy, malicious beings-although 'goblin' as a term is often used as a general name for thee uglier inhabitants of Faerie. They sometimes appear in