End's POV Lyacon rakes his claws across my stomach, I inhale sharply at the pain "What's Wrong Girl? the sting too much for ya?" he taunts, dragging his claws down my arm, sinking his claws deeper this time, I Run, trying to get away, My Long pitch Black hair Falls in my Face as I shadow Travel, barely making it out alive, barely making it out alive, trying to get somewhere Safe, he's gone... i think appearing in front of a greek style building, barely able to stand as the Door Opens, just my luck... a blonde boy, about 22 years old,walks out, as he shuts the door, and I collapse, not able to stand anymore "Whoah there!" he catches me, "Hey, Don't Black out on me." he Urges, "Will! Emergency!" I hear as my vision blurs "What's Wrong Jason?" i groan in pain "oh gods Jason.. where did you find her?" Will Asks "She Collapsed in front of my cabin" I try to Move, but can't due to Pain "Don't Move Miss" Will, now Next to me, Says "Jason, Kneel down, And Don't let her go, what i'm gonna do is gonna make her try to escape" I feel Two hands Examine the Wound on my Stomach, I Squirm away at the Sudden touch, but i'm held in place by a Hand on my Shoulder "G-Get Off me!" I Say, Weakly, as i Feel a Needle Poke my Arm, and I'm Shushed as I fall asleep Jason's POV As Will Pulls the Needle out from her thin, Pale arm, she Relaxes in mine "the Wound is bad... Let's get her to the Infirmary" Will Says, a Hint of Worry in his Eyes "She's Gonna be Ok right?" I say while we're walking, I don't know why, but i Care, Seeing a Girl who is just like Nico, the same Black hair, the Same Flinch to the Touch, But her eyes.. One of her eyes is onyx, like Nico's, but the other is Light blue, like the Sky, "I can't Say Jason.." Will responds, opening the Door to the infirmary, He points to a Bed "Put her down there, And Go Get Nico, Percy, and Annabeth" I set her down as Gently as i can and, then I Run to the Athena Cabin, which is closest, hidden next to the Big House and the Infirmary, and Knock "Annabeth!" i yell "what Jase?" she Asks, "Will Needs you, In the Infirmary, and Could you get there.. quick." "is it Seaweed brain?" she asks "no. new camper" I say as I'm jogging off to Percy's cabin, which is down by the lake "Percy!" "Yeah?" "Infirmary NOW." he sees the Blood on my Hands "oh gods is it Annie?" "no, Will needs you.. New Camper." he nods and Runs off, I Jog to Nico's Cabin Next Door, which is A dark Building, With a Skull hanging over the Door "Nico!" I yell "What Jason?" "new Camper… Might me a Kid of the Big 3.." "What? Another broken oath?" i drag him to the infirmary, where Will, Percy, Annabeth, and the passed out girl are waiting "Bianc- Who is she?" Nico asks staring at her, She starts to stir, slowly, but she's awake, "t-three questions, W-Who are y-you? W-Where a-am I? and w-why a-am i here?" I was stunned. Her voice had a weak southern drawl to it. Will was the first to recover from the shock "I'm Will, this is Percy, Annabeth, Nico, and Jason. You're in the Camp Half-Blood Infirmary, and you collapsed in front of Jason's Cabin" he stated flatly. "N-NO MORE M-MONSTERS!" She freaked out, trying to get up, "Hey! don't get up!" Percy and I tried to pin her... But her eyes flared up gold, then Will plunged another syringe into her arm. Filed with sedatives "She's... N-No.." Percy stuttered "she's going to be fine" Annabeth said, trying to calm her husband down, Percy stared at her, his hand in his pocket, "Seaweed brain" Annabeth shook him "Perseus! Jackson!" "Annie... it's.. its.. K-... Him.." "no Percy, it's not, it's ok, He Died with Luke" Percy Just nods. Will's POV I watch as Annabeth drags Percy out of the infirmary. With Nico following them, oh Schist... she's in bad shape.. "Jason," I start off "Yeah?" He responds, one hand protectively on her shoulder "go grab me some thread from the cabinet on the left, then go IM Liana, and tell her to Get Allison and Sophia ok?" he nods and walks over, grabbing the needle and thread, then Starts an IM. "Liana," "Yeah Jase?" "New Camper. I need you to Get Ally, and Sophia, ok?" "I can do that" She nods, her Light grey eyes startling on her tan skin "be there in… 10 min Ok Jase?" He just nods and disconnects the IM. As he hands me the thread, The small girl, opens her mismatched eyes "S-Stay away from me" she says as I move closer "I'm not gonna hurt you" "T-That's what a monster w-would say." "How about I prove it?" I grab a small scalpel from the table nearby, and cut the palm of my, it'll heal with a swig of nectar, but I do this to get her trust "I-Is he….?" "he's like me, now, what's your name, and how old are you?" "End…. and I'm… Seven.." She answers eyeing Jason as he comes closer to her "Hi End" he starts off carefully, trying not to scare her, "Jason, keep her focused on you while I stitch up these nasty wounds" as i'm working, I see Jason making sparks come off his fingers to keep her focused on him, and not on me Stitching her up "Will?" I hear Liana's Voice in the Hall "In here Liana" I call out to her, and then Liana, Allison and Sophia's heads peek in "is this the new Camper?" Allison asks and I nod, As End looks over and jumps "W-Who are they?" Her eyes flicker gold for a second "End, they're fine" Jason Assures her, and I tie off End's stitches then, wrap her arm up "Jason, help her sit up so i can wrap her stomach wound" he nods, gently taking End's arm "C'mon End, just sit up slowly" he urges, Looking at her like a father would look at his child, a mixture of worry and love for the small, frail girl "J-Jason it hurts…" She Looks at him, clearly in pain "End, Will's just gonna wrap up your stomach, then we'll move you to a better room ok?" Jason reassures her "o-okay.." Jason helps her sit up, and I wrap her stomach... she's so thin.. and scared.. What did she go through? She's only seven.. "Jason, can you pick her up and fly her to your cabin? She seems to trust you the most," he nods "Hey End, wanna go get in a nice warm bed?" Jason asks Her, and she nods slightly "Y-Yeah.." he picks her up and she buries her head in his chest, then Jason slowly flies out the infirmary door "ok.. Liana and, Allison, grab me food for each of us, a baggie of ambrosia, and a canteen of nectar, then Sophia, I need you to go get her some clothes, Preferably light colors, and no patterns, so if she starts to bleed we'll know, then meet me in cabin one" I run after Jason, who Just landed End's POV "J-Jason?" I look down at the grass beneath us "Yeah End?" "I-I don't wanna run anymore… A-Am I safe now?" Jason nods "you're safe now, End." He lands on the the steps of the same building I appeared in front of "Jason!" I hear Will as he runs up to us. "hey Will, can you get the door?, and pull the covers back on my bed?" Will nods, opening the door, then walking over to the bed in the corner, and lifts the covers "ok End you ready to be set down?" "Y-Yeah I a-am.." Jason gently lays me down on the bed, then covers me, "you ok?" I nod, and then as soon as i laid my head down, sleep overcame me Jason's POV "Jason… you seem to care for her a lot, in a fatherly way" "I do Will… she's so.. Broken, like Nico is- was before you helped him discover that ten-year-old boy who laughed, and smiled" "I wonder what happened?.. She shouldn't be so scared of us" Will ponders as I watch her sleep, every breath she takes, seems like she's afraid to take it. "Will… You need some sleep. Head to the Apollo Cabin and I'll come and get you in the morning ok?" Will nods. "You sure Jason?" "Yeah, I'll be fine" He nods and walks out, leaving me with the sleeping End, "What am I gonna do with you, End…." I mutter under my breath, and make Sure she's tucked in Nice and Warm, then Walk over to Thalia's Old Bunk, and Lie Down, "Goodnight End," i whisper as i Fall Asleep The Next Morning: I awake to a Scream,"End?" I get up, Banging my head on Thalia's Small bunk, "K-K-Keep Him away!" End's hidden under the Covers, Shaking, "End… Shhhh it's ok, It's me, Jason, You're fine" she Sits up, and the covers no longer over her head "Momma.. Step-daddy…" "End they're not here" "T-they're not?" "no, you're fine" I sit down next to her, and then hear a knock, Liana, Ally and Sophia walk in, Liana has a Baggie of ambrosia and a Canteen of Nectar, Ally balancing 5 Plates of food, and Sophia with an armful of Clothing, End Shrinks away from them "H-H-H-Hi…." she manages to stutter out "End, Meet Sophia, Ally, and Liana" At the Mention of each of their names, they Each Said Hello in their own unique Way "How's Life " "Hey!" " 'Sup" Allison sets the food down on the bedside table, "Hey End…" Liana starts off, her Startling Light Grey eyes odly soothing to End "W-What's that" End Pointed to the baggie "Magical wafers that make you heal faster End, wanna try one?" "I-I do.." Liana gets a Little Square out and Hands it to end "Just take a bite" End Takes a hesitant bite then smiles "Yummy…" Sophia pulls out a light blue shirt and a pair of Jeans "Jason, Turn and don't look until i say" I feel her charmspeak wash over me "ok.." I turn as sophia Dresses End "turn!" End looks Very uncomfortable in the light blue colored Shirt "C-Can I put on my old black one?" "no hun, you can't, Will said light colored things because of your wounds. He is so bossy, right?" says Sophia, then End giggles in response. "I heard that" Will remarks at the door. Sophia Laughs "of course you heard it, I knew you were there" will rolls his eyes and walks over to End, who is clearly uncomfortable in her clothes "How ya feelin End?" he smiles "Pretty good…. i really don't like this shirt" "well you gotta wear it until your wounds get better," End looks at me, and i offer her a smile, "so, End where ya from?" Liana asks, sitting down next to End "South Alabama…" "... you are? you traveled all this way alone?" End nods "Momma found out I wasn't step-daddys child… and started.. beatin on me…. sayin' I wasnt her daughter either.. that I didn't belong with them.. so.. I ran…. some man who called himself the alpha wolf was chasin' me…" she has nobody… well… nobody who wants her…. a tear traces Her cheek and Liana wipes it away "shhh it's ok End, nobody can hurt you here" End starts to get up, and i rush over to her and kneel down "don't get up End," she wraps her arms around me and starts crying in my shoulder, I slip my hand under her shirt and rub shapes in the small of her back, a trick I