A/N: So I've had this idea for over a year now and I finally struck inspiration to write it a couple days ago. I have this really good vibe about it, so I'm hoping it works out really well, as in better than my other in-progress stories which I promise I'm still working on. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it! :D What is it Alice? What do you see?" Jasper watched the petite brunette beside him with a guarded gaze. He could feel the fear, confusion, and terror radiating off of her. Jasper glanced around the hotel room trying to think of what to do. He took Alice's face in his hands gently and forced her to look at him, but she wouldn't meet his gaze. "They… I… nothing… why?... they…. but…" Alice was muttering nearly incoherently while she stared at nothingness behind Jasper, a nearly crazed expression in her eyes and a shaking in her limbs that scared Jasper. "Alice, look at me." Jasper tried to calm her down, soothing her gently, but even with the nudging, Alice's emotions wouldn't be contained. He knew this whole vacation thing was a bad idea. He should have listened to his conscious when Alice was convincing him to go to Spain. Who knew what would happen now. Alice couldn't stop the terrorizing feelings from surfacing even with Jasper's interactions. He didn't know what to do anymore. Alice wasn't answering anything. Jasper let her go and fished in his pocket for his cell and tried calling Edward. It went straight to voicemail. He's probably with Bella about hormones. Next he tried Carlisle. It rang a few times but nobody picked up. Jasper groaned in frustration and glanced at Alice again. This was the first time anything like this had ever happened. Even when Alice had the vision of the Volturi coming to kill Renesmee her reaction hadn't been as severe as this. "Alice, please. If you can talk… I need to know if you're okay…" Jasper tried desperately. Slowly, Alice turned to look Jasper in the eyes. Her shaking had lessened but not gone away, and he was sure, if she could have, there would have been tears rolling down her cheeks. "They're all… all gone. I can't see anyone in Forks at all. Something made them all disappear." Alice said with fear shaking her voice. Jasper didn't know how to respond, so he just nodded and held her tight waiting for a call from someone to confirm they were all okay despite what Alice's lack of vision seemed to suggest. Whatever was about to hit Forks wasn't human… and it wasn't vampires either. Whatever it was, Jasper didn't trust it. Watch out, he texted Edward, Alice can't see anyone in Forks. Something very wrong is about to happen. "Hey, watch the road!" Maggie yelled at her twin brother Calvin from the passenger seat. In the back seat of the old rusty sedan the twins had inherited from their grandmother when they turned sixteen last month sat a small girl with long brown hair and green eyes filled with sorrow and confusion. Were they really all alone in this world now? Lyla sure didn't want it to be true, but with only a bickering Calvin and Maggie to keep her safe, it seemed this was the case. "I'm trying to!" Calvin yelled back as he turned the windshield wipers on against the oncoming rain. It was only two in the afternoon, but weather holds no cares for the positioning of the sun here apparently. Back in Texas it would usually wait until nightfall to rain, or it would rain all morning but by noon there wouldn't be a cloud in the sky and all the rain would already be soaked up. Everything seemed to change so suddenly for all three of them. The wheather, their home lives, their schools… Calvin ran a hand through his rough blonde hair helplessly washed away in thoughts of guilt for not being able to save his mother and the rest of their tribe back in Texas. He could have helped, right? And because he hadn't- "You missed the turnoff! God, that's the fourth time you've gone the wrong way today!" Maggie complained. "If I'm not doing it right, why don't you drive? Oh, right! Because you don't have a license!-" "I almost got it! I just didn't in the end…" Maggie defended weakly. "So why don't you be quiet and quit complaining for two seconds so we can get to Dad's before nightfall, alright?" Calvin continued as if Maggie hadn't said anything. Lyla frowned at the two of them from the back as Calvin turned around and found the right street. The tension in the car was continually rising as the twins in the front seats glared at each other whenever the other wasn't looking and Lyla wished she could disappear. Be back at home where she was safe and taken care of. Back with her loving mother and father who were both gone now. The realization struck her once again, just as suddenly as the first time. She, Lyla, the oldest of her family's seven kids, was an orphan and an only child. How How did it all come come to this? She was only twelve... The three drove for another forty five minutes in this terrible tension before they arrived in the small city of Forks, Washington. The twins didn't know exactly where their father lived, but they figured it couldn't be too hard to find him in such a small town. They'd tracked him this far, after all. As they entered the main part of the town they missed the sight of a road block and the reduced speed limit and Calvin was too late when they realized they were headed straight for a parade down the main street. Children, parents, every kind of person was lining the sidewalks for the parade despite the heavy rain. There was loud music and people dancing down the street on floats and a manner of other things. As they were approaching a dangerous situation, Calvin attempted to stop the car via the brakes, but something something was in in the way. "Damn it, Calvin! Stop the car! Do you want all of us to die too?" Maggie yelled as the car continued to roll along steadily. "I can't!" He yelled back. "Can't what? Do this anymore? God, Calvin! Pull yourself together!" Maggie demanded. "No, not that! The brakes are stuck!" Calvin countered. Examining the situation further, Maggie realized what that meant for them. The older girl glanced back back at Lyla who watched the encounter with a crazed sort of fear. "Don't worry, Lyla. Just make sure you're buckled, we're all going to be okay. Nothing's going to hurt us anymore. We're stronger than ever before now, I promise." Maggie spoke firmly and bravely looking Lyla in the eye and gaining a nod as well as the satisfactory click of a seat belt before she turned back to the front of the car. She squeezed her eyes closed and held her brothers arm as they drove straight for the brick wall of a building, the only direction they could go now without crashing into people and possibly killing them due to the way they they blew through a roadblock set up to prevent this exact scenario from playing out. At least maybe they wouldn't be hurt too bad. Or maybe they would all die. That was always an option too. Calvin turned with a horrified expression as the car began to speed up just a few hundred yards before impact. Something was weighing down on the gas pedal, and he couldn't move it with his lack of strength from driving for four days straight. They were going to crash harder than expected. The new velocity and acceleration would produce a dangerous impact for all of them. Calvin reached out and took his sister's hand, his only anchor left in this world as the car rammed straight into the wall. Lyla's seatbelt, old and worn as it was, ripped out of the worn and weak leather seats and at the impact she screamed and went flying through the windshield and lay on the hood unconscious surrounded by the safety glass. Calvin had no seat belt to wear and was kept in place only because the steering wheel and console crushed against him at impact and pinned him to the back of his seat while his head flew forward and back in some insane whiplash action. But Maggie had it best. She only slammed forward and banged her head against the dashboard before being thrown back by the slightly delayed airbags, likely cracking a rib or two in the process. No, maybe they wouldn't all die today. Maybe instead they could all just be fatally injured and taken into a hospital where they could be exposed for what they really were. It wasn't until well after Edward, Bella, and Renesmee had made it to the parade to try act human and give their daughter a childhood that Edward felt inclined to check his phone. Usually he just left the ringer on and checked it when he heard it, but after a while it had started to annoy Bella. So he texted Jasper and Emmett a lot, that shouldn't have been a problem, right? But it was Bella, he couldn't do something that would hurt her, so he turned his sound off a lot. Now, of course, without sound or vibrations, Edward never knew when or if he got a text or notification, so he frequently checked it, discreetly of course. He was almost surprised however, when it was a text from Jasper of all people though. Jasper and Alice had decided to go on a vacation to Spain where Edward was sure Alice dragged Jasper around shopping eighty percent of the time. So getting a text from him while he was basically away on a another honeymoon was startling. Maybe Alice just had a vision or something? Edward wondered idly before opening the text and shielding his phone from the heavy rain that had decided to start falling at the beginning of the parade. Watch out, Alice can't see anyone in Forks. Something very wrong is about to happen Edward reread the message about twenty times trying to understand what could happen to make everyone disappear here today. Yes, Renesmee was here, and sure there were probably some of the wolves there too, but nothing so drastic as to make every single person be off Alice's radar. What else could cause her vision to cloud so drastically? Suddenly there were several startled, fearful, incredulous, and other thoughts out of the ordinary from down the street a ways. There was yelling and some screaming, and then Renesmee was gone, running off down the street. Renesmee knew she shouldn't have run from her parents, but when there was a sudden and overpoweringly loud CRASH and then the sound of breaking of glass and metal crunching, she knew she was doing the right thing. She raced closer and before anyone could tell her not to, she ran up to the scene. She was startled slightly by the amount of damage that had been done, but she supposed it was because of the tires' acceleration she had heard from down the street. The car came in hot. She saw a girl about her age with skin not quite as dark as the wolves, but still pretty tanned, and with long brown hair with thin braids at either sides of her forehead and the rest of her hair splayed out behind her. She was laying awkwardly on the crumpled hood of the car slumped slightly against the brick wall, which surprisingly enough, survived the blow. Before another second had passed, Renesmee decided this girl was probably the most hurt at the scene and put her hands on