Hello, Everyone! I'm so excited to publish my first LotRs Fanfic! This is a series of one-shots revolving around the elves of Middle Earth, well, mainly Legolas. I love that elf! I love the relationship between Thranduil and Legolas as a caring father and son. The first few one-shots will be when Legolas is a baby, but I do have warrior Legolas Fanfics in the making. Aragorn will show up later, I'm not sure when but he will definitely be included! And I have several ideas for fanfics involving Gandalf. If anyone has any preference on what you would like to see, tell me in the comments/reviews or PM me! Thanks and don't forget to fav and review! :) Disclaimer: Sadly, I own nothing... Summery: Thranduil's wife, Adilya, finds out she is going to have an elfling. You would think it would be easy to tell your husband that kind of news. It is proving very difficult for Adilya. Adilya yawned, closing her eyes in protest of the sun shining straight through her window. "Thranduil" she said as she rolled over, seeking out the comfort and warmth of her husband. She cracked open an eye, only to find the spot next to her to be cold and empty. "Thranduil?" She asked to an empty room as she sat up. Throwing back the covers, she stood up and looked over the room. Empty. 'Where is he? What time is it?' She glanced out the window, her eyes widened with surprise, it had to be at least mid-morning if not almost noon. 'No wonder he isn't here! Why did I sleep so long?' The queen of Mirkwood thought, still trying to comprehend that she slept so far after dawn. "Well, I suppose I'll go see what Thranduil is doing." She mused. Adilya walked over to the end of the bed to grab her robe to go over her nightgown for she did not feel like changing. Stepping out of her chambers, she looked around to make sure there was no other elves around to see the Queen in her nightgown and robe. She hurried down the corridors, making her way towards the King's study. 'Who in Arda decided that the King's study should be so far away from the the King's chambers?' She wondered as she passed a few maids and a couple of her husbands Advisers who cast strange glances in her way. Adilya rolled her eyes, pulled her robe a bit tighter, and picked up her pace. Finally, she got to the big double doors that lead into the study. The two guards posted there bowed their heads in respect, casting curious glances to where she was standing. She smiled at them as they pulled back the doors for her. Adilya strode into the room to stand in front of the beautifully carved desk Thranduil was sitting behind. He looked up. "Adilya, my dear. How do you fare?" He smiled softly at his wife. "I am well. Why did you not wake me?" "You looked peaceful and I knew you were tired from planning the feast for tonight." The queen nodded, still finding it odd she slept so much. She really wasn't as tired as her husband believed. "Why do you still have on your nightgown love?" Thranduil frowned, not liking the idea of his wife walking around, clad in nothing but her nightgown and robe. Adilya rolled her eyes, "I did not feel like changing." "Oh, but make sure you put on a dress before you eat." "I will" She smiled at her husband and walked out of the study. 'I think I shall wear this dress today.' Adilya took a long light green gown out of her wardrobe. After undressing, she slipped on her dress and started buttoning the buttons. "Well that's odd." She murmured to herself and went to go stand in front of her mirror. Her dress was stretched across her middle, not fitting comfortably. 'Elves do not gain weight' She frowned, 'nor do they sleep in when they are not very tired.' 'This is very strange' She walked over to her bed and sat down. 'Is there something wrong with me?' She gracefully fell back on the bed, her hair spreading out around her. She stayed in that position for a few minutes, deep in thought. All of a sudden, she sat up quickly. 'Could it be? No, we just started, but all the signs are there.' Adilya ran to the mirror, adjusting her dress to make her middle look normal. 'There, you would have to look very closely to notice anything.' Satisfied with her work, Adilya, stuck her head out the door and ran to the healer's wing. "Belegyril!" Adilya practically shouted her friend's name. The elleth looked up from where she was mixing herbs and smiled. "Adilya! What brings you here?" The Queen looked around to make sure nobody was around. "Come with me" She whispered, grabbing the healers arm. "Where in middle-earth are you taking me?" Belegyril whispered as she and Adilya sneaked pass a guard. Ignoring her, the Queen of Mirkwood folded back a tapestry and whispered something in Quenya. A door appeared out of nowhere and Adilya pushed her friend into the dimly lit secret pathway. "How did you know that was there!?" Belegyril exclaimed softly. Smiling slightly, Adilya lit a torch and led her friend through a long corridor. She finally stopped at what appeared to be a large room. The Queen walked across the room and folded back the curtains. The room was filled with light and Belegyril was in awe of how beautiful it was. In the middle of the large room, there was a rippling pond and around the pond were many flower beds with benches here and there. The room itself was made of large, beautiful, birch trees winding and twisting around. The ceiling was made of thick, lush, green leaves. The sunlight that was coming through the high window cast soft sunlight around the room making it a perfect glow. "Wow, what a beautiful room!" Belegyril breathed, looking around. "I know," Adilya smiled fondly, "Thranduil built it for me, so I could be safe and by myself at the same time. We used to come together all the time and no one would know where we were, but we haven't been here for a very long time. Thranduil is always so busy." "Why did you bring me here today?" The Queens face broke out into a radiant glow with a smile that covered half her face, "Well...I think I'm going to have an elfling!" Belegyril stared, "what did you say?" "I think I'm pregnant. I brought you here so you could confirm it." "Sit down, sit down! Let's see if there's a little elf Prince or Princess in there!" The healer ushered Adilya over to a bench and sat her down. Kneeling in front of her, Belegyril placed her hands on her patients mid-section. Her face broke out into a bright smile. "Adilya, I am very pleased to tell you that you were correct. There's an elfling in there alright!" The queen sat there with a look of wonder on her face. "An elfling? A real live elfling! When is he coming?" She asked. "Well, I would say in about eight months. I'm surprised you didn't notice anything sooner. You are already showing." "In eight months! I have a lot to do! You will have to help me and maybe Thranduil can invite Elrond and Celebrian over. I'm so excited!" Adilya got up and closed the curtains and together, she and Belegyril walked out, talking about baby things. Thranduil and Adilya walked into their large bedroom. The Queen flopped down on the big, soft, fluffy bed, "I am going to bed," she mumbled. Thranduil smiled, "you still have to get changed." Grunting gracefully, Adilya went into her closet and started undressing. "Thranduil, you seemed worried at the table tonight. Is everything all right?" The king heaved a sigh, "I wasn't going to say anything because I didn't want to worry you, but, The Greenwood is getting more and more dangerous. We have had nine spider attacks and three Orc attacks in one week, we won't have to move again, but we will be making the stronghold stronger. Adilya, I am worried about our people." 'No wonder he was so worried' she thought, 'maybe I shouldn't tell him about the baby. It will just worry him further.' Making her choice, she went over to her husband. "Do not grieve for what we have not yet lost. You saw all the elves tonight dancing and having fun, they trust you to keep them safe and I know that you will. There are many an elf that are loyal to you and to this realm, they would do anything to protect it. So, do not worry. You will make the right decisions when the time comes, but, as of right now, let us rejoice that hope will never be lost." "You are right, as always," Thranduil smiled, "What would I do without you?" ONE MONTH LATER "You need to tell him! Before it arrives." Belegyril gave her friend a pointed glance before turning back to her work. "I know, I just don't want to worry him till I absolutely have to!" Adilya sighed. It was a beautiful day in The Greenwood, the sun was shining, the birds were singing and nothing bad had happened today. The two friends were sitting in one of the healing rooms. The balcony doors were open and a slight breeze was blowing through the curtains. "Well it's up to you, but, you're going to have to tell him soon. You are showing, flowing gowns are not going to help you in a few months. You will be as big as a dwarf!" The healer said. Adilya rolled her eyes, "I know, I'm surprised no one has noticed any thing yet." "Well, you are doing a very good job at hiding that bump of yours. But, I am warning you, you are only going to be able to hide it for a few more months." "Yes, well, I am going to ask Thranduil if he can invite Elrond, Celebrian, and Arwen over." "It would be nice to see them again." Thranduil, do you think we could invite Elrond, Celebrian, and Arwen over before traveling in The Greenwood gets too dangerous?" Adilya asked her husband. Thranduil raised an eyebrow, "Of course, it would be nice to see Elrond again." The two elf-lords had been friends when they were elflings and they still were, even though they ruled two different kingdoms. "Good, I will write to them immediately." Ooh, here they come! I can see them!" The Queen of Mirkwood cried down at her friend. It had been close to three weeks since Adilya wrote to their friends and now she and Belegyril were up in a tree watching for Elrond's family...against Belegyril's better judgment. "Can you please get down from there! It's not safe for the elfling!" She shouted, watching her friend nervously as Adilya climbed to the top the tree. How they even talked Thranduil into letting them come outside the palace walls without guards blew Belegyril's mind and if the King had known about the elfling, he would have been horrified at what his wife was doing. "They're really close, let's go meet them!" Adilya turned to her friend. "Oh no, you don't! You are not, I repeat, you are not jumping from tree to tree. It's on foot or nothing." The pregnant elleth pouted, "oh very well." They carefully climbed down the tree and stood at the base. A few minutes later, Elrond came around the corner, Arwen sitting in front of him. "Adilya, Belegyril, it is wonderful to see you again." He smiled, pulling his horse to a stop. "It has been too long" Adilya smiled. The next minute Celebrian came around the corner. "Adilya! Belegyril!" She jumped off her