The Night Belongs to Lovers A/N: So, I was listening to my music, working away on Phoenix Rising, when Because the Night Belongs to Lovers came to the top of the playlist. It stuck in my mind, demanding to be Everlarked. I tried to ignore it (stupid plot bunny!) but finally, I had to cave and let it happen. So here they are. Three scenes that weren't in the books. But they could have been. Or maybe they should have been. You decide. take me now baby here as I am pull me close, try and understand desire is hunger is the fire I breathe love is a banquet on which we feed come on now try and understand the way I feel when I'm in your hands take my hand come undercover they can't hurt you now, can't hurt you now, can't hurt you now because the night belongs to lovers because the night belongs to lust because the night belongs to lovers because the night belongs to us Nightfall does strange things to people, bringing with it a wild, whirling sense that anything is possible. Our instincts tell us that the cover of darkness can allow us to be our true selves, free of the fetters and judgement that come with the scrutiny of day and with that realization creeps the innate knowledge that we are not alone in the dark. Danger lurks nearby. A Hunger Games victor knows that the monsters are real and they don't only come out at night. They live among us in the sunlight, wrapped in a cloak of respectability, feigning humanity while they sharpen their fangs in plain sight. And at night they slip into our dreams. Peeta and I walked out of the arena, but we did not escape it. Instead, we played at being in love under the light of the cameras, the machinations of the Capitol turning the experience of first love into a cheap farce nearly as plastic as the Capitol itself. But alone in the dark of my room, on the train or in the training centre, where we were safe from prying eyes, it was different. I could drop the armour I've built to protect myself from the cruel realities of the world and seek comfort in the sanctuary of Peeta's arms. It is the only place I've ever felt safe from the terrors that haunt us both. He kept me grounded. His lips against my brow soothed my pounding heart and his whispered reassurances lulled me back to sleep. And until the rebels left him to the mercy of the monsters, I did the same for him. Now we spend our nights running through underground tunnels while our friends and squad members fall around us. Snow leans over me with glowing mutt eyes, hissing my name like the lizards in the sewers. "Katniss." I shriek and claw for my bow. I will kill him for what he's done to Peeta, to me. He deserves to die and then all of Panem will be free. "Katniss." A voice pulls me from the grasp of the shadows that lurk between waking and sleeping and I find myself on my pile of furs in Tigris's basement. I turn toward the sound and Peeta's eyes are upon me, full of concern, but clear, for once, of the web of lies and sadness that Snow has laid upon him. "You're okay," he tells me, as he slides up the pole I handcuffed him to before we went to sleep. "It was just a dream." The phrase is so familiar, it sets off a longing in me that I am too tired to fight. I clamber over to Peeta, and pulling the key out of my pocket, I unlock him. "Katniss, no," he hisses in protest, and so after I have unwrapped his arms from the pole, I reattach his handcuffs. He's still whispering and arguing, but I am selfish and crawl into the circle of his arms anyway. I bury my face in his neck and breathe in his spicy scent, drawing upon his warmth and security in the knowledge that even if we are heading back out into the war tomorrow, for now he is alive and safe with me. I feel his body freeze and then begin to tremor. "I'm not sure this is a good idea," he mutters. I think of his lips against mine only days ago, his promise to stay with me, and I know that Peeta has already climbed over one of the many barriers between us. "You won't hurt me," I tell him. "We protect each other, real or not real?" "Real," I answer, settling my legs across his lap and laying my head on his chest with a sigh. My heart begins to slow and I feel a peace begin to settle over me that I have not felt since the day before we entered the Quell. "I told you about those memories I have," he begins, "of those nights on the train. I slept in your bed?" "Real," I admit. "Effie didn't like it, but we didn't care. It kept the nightmares away." Peeta shifts a little and pulls me closer, trying to get comfortable against the stack of boxes he's leaning on. "Did anything else happen?" When I don't answer, he continues. "They said it did. They said we were lovers. And I remember telling them it wasn't like that, but then they shot me up with venom and I had all these memories of the train and I got so confused. They told me you were fucking Gale too. They showed me a video of him kissing you and then they used the venom again and I saw all kinds of things, Katniss." I look over to where Gale rests on another pile of fur. His back is to us, his neck still wrapped in the bandage I used after I stitched him up. I wonder if he is having a restless night too. He is lying so still, I can't tell if he's awake or asleep. "I just wish someone would tell me what's real and what's not." I run my finger along the ridges in the chest plate on Peeta's uniform. "Nothing… like that… happened," I tell him. "Not with either of you." He scoffs and jostles me when he scratches his cheek with his thumb. "There's nothing shiny about those memories of us in the training centre before the Quell, Katniss." He would bring that up. I can feel the heat in my cheeks. The room has grown extremely quiet. I guess that Peeta and I aren't the only ones awake anymore. "We thought we were going to die for each other," I whisper, mortified. "We'd tried so hard to stop the Games, but we failed. I wanted you to understand how much you mean to me. But we didn't…" I shake my head and swallow. "It was mostly just kissing," I tell him. Peeta leans forward until his lips are pressed against my ear. "I used to lie in my cell and think of that night. The way your skin felt under my hands. I remember how soft you felt; how strong you were at the same time." I am still. I can't breathe, let alone speak, his words evoking a memory I haven't allowed to surface until now. "I'm the one who insisted we stop," he murmurs. "Real or not real?" "Real," I squeak, before darting out from under his arms and diving back onto my pile of furs. I ignore his murmured urgings to cuff him back to the pole. It doesn't matter. There will be no more sleeping tonight anyway. have I doubt when I'm alone love is a ring, the telephone love is an angel disguised as lust here in our bed until the morning comes come on now try and understand the way I feel under your command take my hand as the sun descends they can't touch you now, can't touch you now, can't touch you now because the night belongs to lovers because the night belongs to lust because the night belongs to lovers because the night belongs to us Wide steel cuffs cut into my wrists, securing them to the arms of the chair in the stark, white room I am sitting in. I look down and see similar straps over my feet, not unlike the ones I saw on Peeta's feet in one of the propos that the Capitol forced him to shoot. The pungent scent of the cleansers they used to sterilize this space burns my throat and the inside of my nose. There's a bed in here too, on some kind of pedestal, next to a tray of instruments. I hear him screaming before I see him. It takes four Peacekeepers to drag Peeta, thrashing and twisting like a man possessed, into the room. "No!" he roars, over and over, as he kicks out at his captors. I call out to him, but discover I've been gagged. This is our punishment for failing to convince the country we are in love. Or, maybe we did convince them, and this is our punishment for not staying together the way we promised. It took all four Peacekeepers to strap Peeta down to the table and now, completely immobilized, he weeps silently. One arm has been stretched out on a platform that swung out from under the bed and he is cuffed like me. A woman in a white coat and mask enters the room. I can't tell who she is, but her violet irises tell me that she's Capitol. And the malevolent gleam in them warn me that she's most definitely not a healer. Though I think it likely that she enjoys her work. She toys with her tools. "So, Peeta. We all know how much you love Katniss, but how much does she love you? She spends a lot of time with that cousin of hers. Maybe she saves it all for him." Peeta shakes his head desperately and moans. "You want to know what I think, Peeta?" The woman presses a pedal on the floor and the table begins to tilt upright, Peeta still trussed upon it. A whining noise fills my ears. The woman's voice raises above the noise. "I think that while you're home with your cock in your hand and fantasizing about her, she's out in the woods, on her knees, with his cock in her mouth. I think she lets him fuck her. But you, you just get to die for her." No , Peeta, I try to scream. No, Peeta, don't listen to her . I can't get the words out around the rag in my mouth, but I do get her attention. "Ah, Katniss," she purrs as she turns to me, like she's only noticing me now. "There you are. Come, dear, it's past time you told your fiance the truth. How many times have you screwed Gale Hawthorne?" Peeta's head whips in my direction, crazed and afraid. I shake my head and scream, but I cannot loosen the gag. Peeta's captor picks a remote off the tray and points it at the ceiling. I look up to see a gleaming contraption lowering from above. It hums like a drill as it moves toward him. Peeta whimpers as it approaches. He knows what this is, what is coming next. "No. Please, no," he groans. The woman passes the remote to the Peacekeepers and says she's going to prepare the ocular devices. I cannot watch this. I cannot watch them take him from me. But no matter how hard I scream, it won't stop. I try to beg. Take me . I'm the murderer. But it moves ever closer. The shrill hum gets louder and more insistent, demanding my attention. I scream myself awake. The telephone at my bedside is ringing like it's about to come off the hook.