As Real as it Gets A/N This is an M-rated version of Chapter 8 of my T-rated AU story, Flying Solo. Peeta and Katniss are growing back together on a Mexican resort after nearly 10 years apart, a series of misunderstandings and a failed engagement. The full version of this fic can be found on my profile. I hope you check it out. The sheer curtains in the patio door of were billowing in the morning breeze when Katniss awoke in Peeta's arms. She watched them fill like gossamer balloons before fluttering up to release their contents and whispering back across the floor toward the balcony just outside the bedroom of Peeta's luxurious suite. They seemed to be floating in and out of the room in time with the waves rolling onto the beach and the flow of Peeta's soft, even breathing across her neck. The simple rhythm added to the unfamiliar sense of peace that had stolen over her the minute that Peeta had slipped in beside her the night before. They had rolled to their sides in unison as they slept. He was spooned against her back, his arm holding her tightly as though he were subconsciously afraid that she'd slip away. But she wasn't going anywhere. Katniss didn't know when, but somewhere along the way her heart had been tied to Peeta Mellark's and they'd never been able to untangle the strings. She wasn't sure she'd ever really wanted to. Peeta, on the other hand, had been engaged. Katniss didn't blame him for having a relationship. She didn't. She had dated, even had boyfriends who lasted a few weeks or months, but there had been no declarations of love or talk of commitment. Katniss hadn't wanted that or needed it. She claimed to be too busy with Prim to deal with romance. The truth was that she refused to settle for less than what she'd felt with Peeta, even while she pretended to forget him. Is that what he'd done? It was the only way she could reconcile words his words last night with the idea that he'd been engaged. She'd never forget them for as long as she lived. Completely. Irreversibly. Hopelessly. Permanently. In love with her. And it was possible that she felt the same. Behind her, Peeta took a deep breath and stretched before nuzzling his nose into her neck inside the collar of the shirt she was wearing. He placed a kiss where it connected with her shoulder and then made his way up the slender column toward her ear. "Good morning," he whispered sleepily before moving his lips to her cheek where he kissed her softly again, his hand skimming up her body, coming to rest just below her breast. Katniss reached behind her and sank her fingers into his hair, pressing his cheek to her own and ignoring the way the stubble on his jaw scratched her face. "Mmm. Hi." She snuggled deeper into his bare chest. She laced her fingers through his and they both relaxed into the mattress while the breeze blew over them. They lay quietly, as though hypnotized by the sound of the waves while the gulls cried out to each other. "This is nice." It was better than nice, Katniss thought. She couldn't remember another moment in her life when she'd felt so content. "It is," she replied. She could feel him smiling as he kissed her neck again. Succumbing to the urge to look at him, she rolled over. His hair was tousled. His eyes were soft from sleep and full of dreams. Two days in the sun had given his skin a golden sheen. She reached out to stroke his cheek again and the smile on his lips spoke of promises they had yet to make. The pad of her thumb passed lightly across his lips and he drew it into his mouth, nipping it lightly before releasing it with a playful grin. His hand slipped under the shirt, skimming up so that it bunched at her waist before sliding back down over to her panties to her thigh. She watched him, wordlessly, as he repeated the motion and then swung her leg over his hip. Heat pooled at her centre when she felt him hard against her. Peeta clearly wasn't as drowsy as he seemed. He used his weight to gently push her back against the bed so that he hovered above her, one leg between her thighs. "What are your plans for the day?" He flicked open a button on the shirt and lowered his head to explore the soft plain of exposed skin with his lips. "Uh…" How was she supposed to think while he did that? "Not much. Find a sunbed on the beach and read for a while maybe?" He flicked open another button, exposing the valley of her breasts and his mouth trailed downward. "You could do that here, if you like. I have a private one out on the patio." His hands found her breasts, stroking the peaks through the fabric of the shirt with his thumb. She whimpered and sank her hands back into his hair, urging him upward so that she could kiss him. Their lips met and clung together in a languorous embrace. As they pulled apart, she bit his lower lip lightly and then her lips travelled along his jaw to his ear. "I can't," she whispered. "I need to go back to my room and get cleaned up." "Do that here. Wait until you try my shower. You'll never want to leave it." The shirt was fully unbuttoned now and his lips replaced his hands. She gasped as his tongue swirled around one dusky peak. Why did she want to go back to her room again? "My toothbrush," she managed. He lifted his head. "I'm pretty sure I have a spare." He replaced his lips with his fingers and then turned his attention to the other breast. She licked her lips and attempted to catch her breath. Damn. He was good at this, but she couldn't hang around here all day. She needed clean clothes. "My book and…" His teeth grazed her nipple and she whimpered in pleasure as her train of thought was derailed again. She wove her fingers into his hair. What had she been trying to tell him? Right. "Stuff. I've got to, I mean I need my, oh!" His hand rode up the inside of her thigh brushing lightly over her underwear. He lifted his head and gazed down upon her determinedly. He laid his finger across her lips. "We'll go get it. Later." He rose above her, repositioning himself between her legs, and laid a trail of open-mouthed kisses down her sternum, over her belly to the edge of her panties. His hands slid up the inside of her thighs again stroking her again. Her neck arched back against the pillows while her hips rose from the bed against the gentle pressure of his fingers. She shuddered with want and closed her eyes. "But…" "Katniss." His finger slipped inside her panties. She gasped again. "I'll stop if you want me to." He ran his fingers over her swollen flesh. "Look at me." She opened her eyes to meet his. They were darker than usual, like a storm-filled sea. "Is that what you want? To stop?" His thumb slipped between her folds and brushed against her bundle of nerves. A small sound sprang from her throat when he made contact. "No! Don't stop." His thumb moved in a small circle and her hips rose up to meet his hand again. "You sure?" When she nodded, Peeta hooked her panties in his fingers and whipped them off, letting them fall to the floor. "OK then. Turn off that busy brain of yours and let me touch you." His thumb returned to her folds to stroke her. Her legs fell open. He lowered his head and looked at her hungrily. "Let me taste you." Katniss felt like she was on fire from within, a slow burning that began where his tongue met her centre and spread through her limbs to the tips of her fingers and toes. He dipped it inside her, groaning softly and then slid upward, his tongue rolling between her folds, over her clit before sliding down again. Katniss' breath grew shallow as her entire being focused on Peeta's ministrations and the liquid heat that flowed through her. One of his strong hands clamped over her thigh to hold her in place as he used the other to slide two fingers inside her, pumping slowly when she tightened around them. His mouth moved to the insides of her thighs as she squirmed trying to bare down against his hand or bring his mouth back down upon her. "Uh-uh," he chastised. "I've waited a long time to do this." He moved then, to cover her body with his own while she cradled him between her legs. He captured her hand when she tried to slip it inside his pyjama pants. He pinned it above her head and brought his lips to hers. "This," he said firmly before kissing her again and then leaning down to trace his tongue along the shell of her ear. "This is a favourite fantasy of mine," he whispered in her ear and ground his hard length against her. Katniss wrapped her legs around his and pulled him in closer wanting as much of him as he would give her and far more than he was sharing at the moment. He grazed his teeth lightly against her neck and pressed himself against her again. She whimpered. "I dream of you. All the time." His breath was hot against her neck and his voice had taken on a husky tone. "Hot. Needy. Hungry." A jolt of anticipation ran down her spine as he returned to her mouth only to stop a hair's breath away. "So Don't." He pressed his lips against hers. "Rush." He kissed her again. "Me." This time, Peeta's tongue slipped across the seam of her mouth begging entry and she admitted him, her tangy taste still on his tongue as it slid across her own. He let go of her wrist so that she could pull him in closer to her as their lips and tongues entwined. As their lips moved together, their hips found a rhythm, but it wasn't enough to satisfy either of them. Katniss tore her mouth away from his. "Peeta, please," she begged. He made a noise somewhere between a growl and a purr of satisfaction. He kissed her lips, her chin. His mouth made a stop between her breasts where he rolled the sensitive tips between his fingers. His tongue trailed down her belly, around her navel. And this time, when he lowered his mouth between her legs he focused his attention on the part of her that ached the most. Katniss cried out, arching up off the bed. He brought his fingers back inside her, pumping in and out vigorously. Her hands were in his hair again holding him in place. "Don't stop. I'm almost there." She was lost to everything but how he was making her feel – powerful, sexy, free. She raced down a tunnel of need, straining toward the white light that was flashing behind her eyelids. He crooked his fingers in a come-hither gesture and soon her body exploded into a thousand points of delicious energy and she called out his name like an answered prayer. Her body was still pulsing when she opened her eyes to see satisfaction glittering in his own. She sat up and pulled him against her hungrily. "Now," she said. "I need you inside me now." He gave her a crooked grin and started to lay her back against the bed when she remembered. "Wait. Please tell me you have something." His eyes widened when he realized what they'd been about to do. "Uh. I think so.