AN –Extended, M-rated version of Chapter 10 of Flying Solo. Peeta crossed its deck of the catamaran with a plastic flute of champagne in each hand, his eyes on Katniss as she leaned against the rail of the party boat as it motored away from shore. Her chin tilted up and he watched her draw the sea air into her lungs and smile slightly. A few strands of hair had escaped from her braid and were blowing back from her face. He'd bought her a pair of earrings in a resort shop the day before and now they swung in the breeze as they dangled from her ears, perfect pearls nesting inside balls of fine wire made of Mexican silver. He joined her at the rail, dropping a kiss on the shoulder exposed by the wide neck of the slouchy, jade green sweater she was wearing over her white bikini top. The same bikini had almost brought him to his knees when she'd put it on that afternoon, another purchase from the day before. It set off her toned body and olive skin perfectly. You could see it under the loosely knit sweater, which only served to draw further attention to the swimsuit, and to her. Several men on board were staring, but she was as oblivious to their attention as always. His fingers itched for a pencil. He'd sketched her face hundreds of times over the years. He could draw her a thousand times more and never tire of it. Peeta feared he might need to do just that to survive the distance that would be between them when they returned to their real lives tomorrow. Katniss frowned when she saw him. "What's wrong?" Peeta shook his head of its melancholy thoughts and passed her flute of bubbly over. He stood behind her and wrapped his free arm around her waist, tucking her against him tightly. Katniss relaxed into his embrace. He buried his nose in the soft, smooth skin of her neck drawing in the scent of the outdoors and the sea. His lips brushed against her temple and they watched as the sun cast a spectacular blaze of yellow and orange across the sky, slipping ever closer to what seemed like an endless expanse of water and turning the bright blue sea to a sparkling purple. The captain cut the engine and the crew unfurled the sails, which snapped and rustled as they caught the wind. The force began to propel them forward once again, this time under the power of nature. Katniss' eyes gleamed with a spark of exhilaration and adventure. Peeta added the look on her face to his seemingly endless mental catalogue of her expressions. Another one for the sketchbook. "What's your favourite colour?" Her eyebrows quirked with surprise at his question. "It's green. Why?" He shrugged. "There's so much stuff that I don't know about you yet and I feel like we're running out of time. I didn't even know your favourite colour until just now." Katniss was still looking at him curiously, measuring his mood. "What's yours?" His champagne flute was still in his hand when he pointed to the horizon where only the rim of the descending sun remained. The sky was brushed with streaks of orange, red and pink as day gave way to night. "Right there." "The sea? I've never seen anything quite like the blue of the Caribbean Sea." Her lips quirked. "I've only seen one other shade of blue that I like better." He smirked. "No. My favourite colour is orange." Katniss wrinkled her nose. "Orange?" He smiled and kissed her neck just below her jaw. Her pulse leapt beneath his lips. "Yes, but soft. Muted." He nodded toward the horizon. "Like the sunset." "Beautiful," she murmured. "Yes," he whispered near her ear; his gaze on her. The first stars were winking in the sky when soft music floated across the deck and couples began to dance. As the boat turned back toward shore, Peeta drew Katniss away from the rail and into his arms. He held her close and spun them in a slow circle barely larger than a dinner plate. Katniss toyed with the hair on the back of his neck before settling her head on his shoulder. She whispered "I love you" so softly that he could hardly hear it, but his heart leapt anyway. He didn't think he'd ever get used to hearing those words from her. "I'm not ready for this week to be over." Katniss made a sound of agreement. "Me neither. I'm going to be so lonely tomorrow night." Peeta sighed and laid his cheek on top of her head. "Me too." They clung to each other and swayed to the music. Peeta felt the gloom begin to overtake him again. He forced it away and lifted Katniss' chin so that he could look into her face. "We can't let it wreck our night. I want to enjoy this time with you. We'll deal with tomorrow when it happens." "Okay," said Katniss with a tremulous smile on her lips. Peeta could see the turmoil in her eyes and knew it was mirrored in his own. Needing to erase the sadness that had befallen them, he extended his arm, forcing her to step back, before twirling her under his arm and pulling her tight against him again. This time, the smile she tossed him was genuine. He was reminded of a girl in a green prom dress who'd shyly clutched his hand until she'd forgotten to be nervous and laughed with his friends. They were older now, more self-assured, more ready for the power of the connection between them, but he was still awed by the idea that this enigmatic woman wanted him - loved - him. The sailboat landed at the dock and Katniss, Peeta and the other passengers came ashore. While Peeta's back was turned to watch the crew lowering the sails, Katniss planted her hands on his shoulders and jumped onto his back. He grunted with the impact and was still staggering in shock, trying to get his balance, when she planted a kiss behind his ear and captured his earlobe between her teeth. "You were an all-state wrestler, Mellark," The sensation of her breath against his neck sent a shiver down his spine. "You used to be prepared for a sneak attack. Think you're still strong enough to carry me back?" "Pfft," he scoffed, hooking his hands under her thighs. "You weigh less than the bags of flour we get at the bakery." "Good. Then I don't have to bother unstrapping these sandals again." They headed back up the beach toward the suite. Peeta travelled just above the line of the incoming tide to keep his shoes dry while Katniss giggled and nibbled on his neck. He turned his head and kissed her. "You know, I don't typically carry bags of flour for a mile. And they're usually more co-operative." "Hmm. That does it, I know you're getting soft now." "Careful, Sweetheart, you might not get that surprise after all." Katniss slid off his back and darted in front of him. "Surprise?" Her eyes narrowed. "What are you up to?" Peeta laughed and stepped around her, holding out his hand. "C'mon. You'll like it, I promise." Katniss grumbled under her breath about how much she hated surprises and sand in her shoes and then began to debate with herself about which she hated more, which only caused Peeta to grin and shake his head. She was adorable. "So, you used to watch my wrestling matches?" he asked, in an attempt to distract her. Katniss paused in her diatribe long enough to blush and bite the inside of her cheek. "Oh, you know, school spirit and all that." "Uh-huh. Ok." They walked along in silence. "And maybe I liked how you looked in your singlet. Maybe." Peeta didn't need to see her face to know that it was scarlet now. "I might have watched an archery tournament or two," he confessed. Katniss was the best archer in the state when they were in high school. He'd always wondered if she'd noticed him in the stands at her competitions. They hadn't exactly been crowded. He peeked over and her shrewd smirk told him she had. "And here I just thought you were an archery fan." "Oh, I was. A total fanboy." He winked at her and swung their hands between them. "For one archer in particular." As they neared their suite, Katniss noticed something flickering on the sand. Her curiosity peeked, she began to drag Peeta toward a little oasis that the resort staff had built for them while they were sailing. Upon arrival, he could see that it was even better than he'd hoped. It was nestled between the lush shrubs and verdant trees that provided privacy to each of the suites. Two mats had been laid on the sand in an L shape and a mound of pillows was piled at their juncture. A squat, square table sat was set for dinner inside the L. The candles on the table wavered in the breeze and their flames glinted in the glassware and china. Lanterns cast golden beams along the sand. A little fire burned a short distance away. He watched Katniss as she slowly took it all in. "Surprise." Katniss leaned over and kissed him softly. "It's perfect, thank you." Katniss kneeled on one of the mats and started to get comfortable while Peeta went inside the suite to tell room service that they'd returned. While he was gone, she leaned back into the pillows and began to count the stars. He re-emerged moments later with an ice bucket. "They'll be here momentarily," he told her, as he pulled a bottle of champagne out of the ice and wiped it off deftly. "In the meantime, they left us this." The cork popped into the air when Peeta pried it out of the bottleneck. He waited for it to foam over and then he filled the two flutes on the table before settling down beside her. It was a good vintage, he noted, as the bubbles slid down his throat. Katniss' eyes glittered in the candlelight when he took her face in his hands. Her lids fluttered closed as he dropped kisses on her forehead, her nose and cheeks before bringing his mouth to hers. Her lips parted hungrily beneath his own. When his tongue swept inside, he could taste the champagne on hers. His fingers found her hair and pulled her closer. Katniss wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Someone cleared their throat behind them. "Perdóneme, señor y la señora Mellark. I have brought your dinner." Katniss was blushing as she pulled away. "Do not be embarrassed, señora Mellark," the waiter told her as he placed her plate before her and lifted the dome to reveal a lobster, cracked and ready for eating. "It is a beautiful thing to see two people beginning their lives together when they are so much in love." Katniss gave the waiter a nervous smile and took a healthy gulp of her champagne. "Enjoy your meal, señor," he said to Peeta, and told them he'd be back later. Peeta grinned at Katniss, who was looking at the lobster like she was afraid of it. "Have you ever had lobster before?" "I've had a lobster roll before, but I've never had a whole one on a plate like this. I couldn't justify the price." She gave a nervous laugh. "I don't know where to start." Peeta tossed the pillows between them out of the way and scooted over to Katniss's side of the table. "It's easy, really, especially since they've done all the hard work. He used his fork to pick up some of the tail meat. "You just dip it in the melted butter," he demonstrated, "and then you eat it." He slipped his fork between her lips and watched her reaction