Christmas Wish Katniss hustled through the mall as fast as her feet would carry her, Prim scurrying along in her wake. "Katniss, you don't have to do this. We'll find some other way." There was no other way. Katniss had been doing the math on and off for days. Their little budget just wasn't going to cover Christmas this year. She couldn't take on another job. School and her job the Hob had her completely stretched out but the crowds and the tips at the on-campus bar were thinning out as students ran out of cash and headed home for Christmas. This had to work. Shoppers with their arms full of packages surged around the crowd gathering in front of a stage in the centre of the mall where glossy grand piano gleamed under the skylights. Not far away, Santa sat on his throne, bribing cranky toddlers for their Christmas secrets with candy canes. Katniss searched the crowd for Gloss's blonde head. It wouldn't surprise her if he didn't show up. She'd had to promise him a cut of the $1,000 prize just to get him here. Suddenly she spotted him near the front, towering over Claudius Templesmith, the local radio announcer who was emceeing the contest. She elbowed her way through the crowd with Prim still following close behind until she was standing beside her bandmate. "Hey." "Kitty Kat!" God, she hated when he called her that. "I'm glad you finally decided to show up. You know this goes above and beyond the duties of a bandmate, right?" Katniss ignored him. She slipped a pair of heels out of the pockets of her father's battered old leather coat, before shrugging it off and handing it to Prim. She traded the flats she was wearing for the heels and Prim shoved them into the pockets. Gloss gave a low whistle when she stood up and he got an eyeful of her. The sparkling red cocktail dress was more suitable for a New Year's party, but Jo had insisted that she needed to wear more than jeans and a t-shirt if she wanted to win this. Jo had pulled this little number out of her closet and passed Katniss the four-inch heels. "Fuck Katniss," he whispered in her ear. "The Mockingjays would be playing all over the city if you'd dress like that for us once in a while." Katniss glared at Gloss as she adjusted one of the spaghetti straps that held the dress up. "Sure. 'Cause a woman in a cocktail dress fronting an Indie band makes a lot of sense." "Wouldn't matter, Kitty Kat. The men would all part happily with their money." Claudius Templesmith hopped up on the stage. "Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen! Thank you so much joining us this afternoon for the Ho-ho-Holiday Sing-Off! PITT FM is proud to sponsor this event and we are broadcasting live this afternoon to our vast listening audience and to our fans everywhere who are listening on the World Wide Web. The grand-prize winner of the contest today wins a prize valued at $1,000!" Peeta flicked the bakery's sound system off of the local radio station and onto his favourite station back in Pittsburgh. He couldn't stand their star announcer Claudius Templesmith, but the music was decent and anything that connected him back to life in Pittsburgh was a welcome relief these days. The closer he got to facing his first Christmas without his father, the longer his days became. He sighed. Maybe his mother was right. Maybe if he'd just stayed here like she wanted, they'd still have his dad. Peeta rolled his shoulders, trying to shrug off the shroud of guilt that seemed to lay upon him. Peeta turned away from the radio to pull out a tray of shortbread Christmas trees from the cooling rack. With confident flicks of his wrist, he started to frost them with intricate decorations. Claudius Templesmith's voice oozed over the airwaves. "That's right, folks, today's winner takes home a fat cheque for $500 courtesy of our radio station and another $500 in gift cards from shops here in the mall." Huh. A talent contest. Well, if it got too awful he could just switch it back to Panem's one and only radio station. A bell rang in the front of the bakery and he went to answer it. He looked out the front window on the way to his cash register and noticed the snow had begun to fall in fat fluffy flakes. Claudius Templesmith was still droning on when Katniss turned back to Gloss. "Just like we practiced, all right?" Gloss rolled his eyes. "Sure. It's just one stupid Christmas song, Katniss. I got you covered." Katniss shoved him. "This is important you dumbass. I've got nothing for Prim for Christmas if we don't at least win third place." Gloss grew serious and took her by the shoulders. "We are one half of the Mockingjays, the best band in the whole city right now. It'll be great, all right? Just relax." Katniss looked up to see Claudius Templesmith's eyes widen as he read the card in his hand. "Well folks," he chirped. "Have we ever got a treat for you! First up are Katniss Everdeen and Gloss Regalson. For those of you who don't know these two, they're half of a fantastic local band, the Mockingjays, that's been playing all over the city this fall. Come on up here you two!" Katniss and Gloss climbed the steps. Gloss headed for the piano and Katniss stood beside Claudius. "Now Katniss, dear, tell me what brings you two here this afternoon?" "My sister," Katniss replied nervously. "Come on now, Katniss, give us a little more than that," the deejay prodded and the crowd laughed. "Well, I want to give my sister the best Christmas I can. She's been eying a leather jacket here in the mall. If we win, I'm going to buy it for her." Templesmith was charmed. "Isn't she darling?" he asked the crowd, who cheered. "Now, Sweetie, this song isn't something we'd usually hear from the Mockingjays." Katniss shook her head. "Today isn't about the Mockingjays, Claudius. Gloss is just being a good bandmate." Gloss waved affably at the crowd. "There are a couple of ways to do this song. I prefer a version that is much slower than the original. Hopefully the judges like it too." "All right, Katniss. I won't spoil the surprise. Take it away." Katniss took a deep breath at the microphone, cupping it in her hands. The first few bars were a cappella and her voice needed to be steady. She needed to focus her emotions. I don't want a lot for Christmas There is just one thing I need. I don't care about the presents Underneath the Christmas tree. Katniss looked over at Gloss and he began to chord softly. I just want you for my own, More than you will ever know. Make my wish come true. All I want for Christmas is you. Just like always, singing a love song brought thoughts of Peeta to the surface. She still couldn't believe that he hadn't called. That their night hadn't meant as much to him as it did to her. And just like always when she performed with the band, she poured her heartache into the song. Peeta came back into the kitchen after ringing up the customer. He loved these quiet Saturday afternoons when he was all by himself after the morning rush and Ry went home. The talent contest was still on the radio. He'd never heard a woman sing this version of All I Want for Christmas before. Slowed down and stripped of its chirpy backbeat and jingle bells, the melody was bittersweet. Peeta froze in his tracks, listening as her rich voice wrapped around him, stirring up a familiar longing. Cause I just want you here tonight Holding on to me so tight Boy, what can I do? You know that all I want for Christmas is you. Her voice sounded so much like Katniss. She'd never really been his, but that didn't change that his heart felt like it had been ripped from his chest every time she floated to the front of his mind. Which wasn't often, really. Only every other minute and all night long. He wondered if this was a sign that he should finally put his insecurities aside and call her. Peeta whipped his phone out of his back pocket and scrolled down to her name in his contact list. Before he could lose his nerve, he took a deep breath and pressed the send button. He held the phone to one ear while the music poured into the other. The singer's voice was cresting now, begging for her lover's return. I don't want a lot for Christmas. This is all I'm asking for. No, I just want to see my baby Standing right outside my door. The phone went straight to voice mail. Her message was characteristically short and to the point. "This is Katniss. I can't come to the phone. Leave a message." Peeta's thumb pressed down on the end call button and immediately felt foolish for trying to call her after all this time. She left his room back in Pittsburgh almost three months ago. If there wasn't another man in her life when they'd been together, there probably was by now. He needed to put his dreams of Katniss and a life in the city behind him. The bakery was his reality and it was time he accepted it. He reached over and flicked back to the local radio station. Katniss's hands cupped the microphone on its stand, lost in thought as her song soared over the heads of everyone present. I just want you for my own More than you could ever know. Make my wish come true. You know that all I want for Christmas is you. Is you... Is you... As the last notes on the piano faded way, the crowd standing around in the mall went crazy. Katniss wiped a tear from her eye, thanking them, and then acknowledged Gloss with a wave of her hand. Crossing the stage, he picked her up and spun her round. "I think we just won, Kitty Kat," he whispered into her ear. "You've set the bar so high, no one will touch it." When she got off the stage, Prim passed her jacket over and Katniss gratefully slipped it over her shoulders and switched out her shoes. She reached into her inside pocket, pulled out her cellphone to text Jo and frowned. It was dead again. A replacement battery would probably cost more than a new one. Maybe she could buy one if they won. Ten Years Later "Like that?" Peeta asked. "Just a little more." Katniss bit down on her lip and waited for him to make the adjustment. "Oh. There. Yes. That's perfect." Peeta grinned down at Katniss. "That's what she said." He climbed down from the stepladder where he'd been standing to place the angel at the top of their Christmas tree. He was still a little amazed the tree had survived the drag up four flights of stairs to their apartment. But it had. And now it was propped in the corner, wrapped in a zillion lights with almost no ornaments. It was perfect. Peeta drew his new wife into his arms and touched his forehead to hers. "Our first tree," he marvelled. The twinkling lights on the tree danced in Katniss's silver eyes. She pressed her lips to his. "Smells like the woods back in Panem." She gave a happy sigh and rested her head on his chest just under his chin. "Now we just need to get some presents under it." Peeta squeezed her tightly and buried his face in hair, placing a kiss on the crown of her head. "You're my gift this year." Katniss lifted her head and wiggled her