The First and the Second (Flying Solo Outtake) A/N This is an M-version of Chapter 5 of my current wip Flying Solo. Check it out if you're interested. I haven't beta'd this so all the mistakes are mine alone. :) Katniss struggled to put in the hoop earrings she'd borrowed from Jo, her heels tapping against the tile floor in the combination kitchen/living room of the apartment she and Prim were sharing with her brazen, opinionated friend. Fifteen-year-old Prim was stretched out on the floor watching a Dawson's Creek marathon. "Dawson or Pacey?" "Dawson," Prim replied. Katniss held her hand up in Prim's face. "Don't talk to me. We are not sisters." Prim giggled. "Order the pizza from Mario's around the corner," she instructed as she moved across the space toward Prim. "He does a 12-inch, three topping pie for $15. I left you the money on the counter and we'll eat the leftovers for lunch tomorrow." Prim jumped up from her spot on the floor. "I can handle it, Katniss. Rue will be here in a few minutes. We'll have some pizza, watch TV for a while and then I'll crash across the hall at her place." "OK, but if you have any trouble, I'll have my cell on. If I don't answer, try Jo. If that doesn't work, send me a text." "Katniss, will you stop? Everything will be fine here. You haven't had a night out since I moved in six months ago. You look amazing, by the way," she said. Katniss tugged uncomfortably at the tight black skirt. She knew the modest red sleeveless top looked great against her olive-toned skin, but she felt like an imposter in the mini-skirt Jo had shoved at her while simultaneously telling her to "dress like a female for once." Katniss had shut the door in Jo's face, but she'd put on the skirt. Appropriate underwear had been more of a problem, but Katniss had decided to be practical. Nobody would know. "You should wear your hair down more often," Prim said as she peered closer at her sister. "Hey, did Johanna give you smoky eyes? Jo, no fair," she called out over Katniss's shoulder, her voice uncharacteristically whiny. "I asked you to do smoky eyes for me and you said you couldn't do it." "Couldn't do that to the male population at your school, Kiddo," Jo drawled as she leaned on the frame of the door to her room. "If a chick as gorgeous as you showed up with smoky eyes, they'd be your slaves for life." Prim gave a throaty chuckle as Jo joined them at the apartment door. Her jeans were slung low on her hips and her cropped shirt exposed her navel ring. "Anyway," she said, her glossy red lips forming a snarl as she strapped her feet into a pair of sparkly high-heeled sandals, "Brainless here needs all the help she can get." She stood up. "Stay out of trouble, all right?" Prim laughed again and flopped onto the sofa, grinning impishly at the two of them. "Don't worry, Jo. I won't do anything you wouldn't do." Jo gave her a shameless wink. "That doesn't leave a hell of a lot, Kiddo. I'd feel better if you'd just promise to act like Brainless on an average Friday night." Prim gave an exaggerated sigh. "Booo-ring!" Katniss rolled her eyes. Having Prim in the apartment had soften Jo's edges and brought Katniss out of her shell, but when the two of them ganged up on her, it was best just to go with the flow. "We'd better get downstairs. The cab will be here soon." "Have fun, you two!" The cab ride over to the south side of the city where the party was being held only took 15 minutes and before Katniss knew it, she was standing in front of a row house in a student neighbourhood. Dance music was pouring from the windows. Katniss licked her lips nervously. "So give me the low-down on how you know this guy again?" "Finnick's in my lit class," she said as she dragged Katniss up the stairs. "He's a drama major. His parents are loaded or something and they bought this place for him. He rents out the bedrooms to other students to cover the mortgage. He's seriously hot, Brainless, so do not embarrass me tonight." Jo barked the last sentence like an order as she swung open the door to the house. They had barely shut it behind them when they were met by a gorgeous man whose bronze hair was deliberately coiffed into a state of permanent bed head. "Jo! You made it," he said, pulling her into a hug before holding her at arm's length and sweeping her entire body in a single, smoldering gaze. "You look… delicious." "Finn! You look… hungry," said Johanna, slipping easily into his game. "This is my roommate, Katniss." "Come on in, Sugar." Their host grinned at her. "Drinks are in the kitchen." Jo and Katniss wove their way through the crowd of bodies to the kitchen at the back of the house where Finnick said a keg hand been tapped. Katniss noticed bodies pressed close and dancing in the living room. A boisterous game of beer pong had started on the dining room table. The atmosphere was more relaxed in the kitchen where the music wasn't as loud. Students leaned against the counters laughing and talking about friends and classes they had in common. "I'm going into the living room," Jo said in her ear when her cup was full. "I'm gonna bust out my moves and see if I can lure Finnick into dancing with me. You wanna come?" Katniss shook her head, deciding to hang out in the kitchen and maybe check out the game in the dining room. She was backing away from the keg with a full cup, when she bumped into a solid body behind her. "Whoa, steady there." She felt a guy's hand at her hip and turned around to make sure that it was returned to its rightful owner. "Peeta!" "Katniss? Oh my God! It's really you!" The next thing she knew, Katniss was being enfolded in an exuberant hug. She closed her eyes and breathed him in; spicy cologne and something else that was male and uniquely his. He grabbed her by the hand and led her over to the breakfast nook tucking himself into the corner and pulling her in beside him. "This is so wicked. I thought I might never see you again," he enthused, his blue eyes dancing. She could tell he'd been drinking just enough to drop his guard. "So, uh, hey. It's good to see you too." She sipped her beer. What was it about this guy that made it impossible for her to say anything intelligent? Peeta reached out and fingered a lock of her hair before tucking it behind her ear. "You look so hot. I mean, gorgeous. No, you were gorgeous at prom. This..." He scanned her quickly up and down before fixing his gaze back on her face. "This is off the charts. You look so hot. Amazing, I mean. Amazingly hot." They both blushed and laughed. Peeta looked away, rubbing his hand against the back of his neck. "I'm usually pretty good with words," he admitted, "but between the beer and shock of seeing you again, I'm not doing so well." Katniss laughed again. "You're doing fine. Better than me," she said, his fumbling sweetness giving her confidence she didn't know she had. "You look great too." It was true, and not only because the polo shirt he was wearing matched the colour of his eyes or because his jeans were worn in all the right places and hugged his hips just right. He seemed happier than she remembered from their days in high school. Not that she'd never known Peeta to be unhappy, exactly. He'd always been laughing and surrounded by friends, but tonight it seemed as though he'd put down a burden that she hadn't known he was carrying. "So, what are you doing here?" "Culinary school. I cut a deal with my parents. Four years and then I'll come home and work in the bakery like a good boy until they retire. My mother is complaining about the cost, but Dad supported me, so here I am." He shrugged and took a long swallow from his cup. "I'm working part time as a prep cook and a pastry chef at a nice restaurant not far from here. I thought the experience would be good and I'm using the cash to pay for some fine arts classes at State." Katniss stared at him in surprise. "Fine art? Painting and drawing you mean? I didn't know you did that." He shrugged. "I didn't talk about it at school. I didn't think it would do much for my rep as a wrestler and my mother thinks it's a total waste of time. This way I can learn more and she has nothing to say about it." "I thought I was busy. I'm taking environmental engineering and working part time in a bar, keeping an eye on Prim." She took another drink, watching Peeta over the top of her cup. He seemed to be distracted by a freckle on her shoulder, reaching out with an index finger to lightly draw circles around it. Normally, Katniss would have shrugged another person's hands off her, but her skin was tingling under his touch, so she said nothing. "And now you're sitting in my kitchen." He smiled softly. "Your kitchen?" "I answered an ad that Finn put up on a bulletin board on campus. This place is close to the culinary school, on the bus route to State and not far from the restaurant, so it's perfect. Plus, Finn is great and the other guys are cool too." "How long have you been here?" "Here in this house? Since September. I lived in the dorm at the culinary school last year." Circle, circle. Katniss had a hundred questions; starting with, why haven't I seen you around? At a party? At the grocery store? Why haven't you come into the Hob like virtually every other student on campus? But she said nothing else. She just lifted her cup to her lips. "You know," he said, clearing his throat, but continuing to focus his attention on the freckle. "I drove all over town that night, looking for you. I was worried about you. I wish you'd let me drive you home." Katniss put her cup down on the table, and stared down into the beer. "I needed to be alone," she said just loud enough for him to hear it. "I was so embarrassed." "But not by me," he said, sliding closer to her. The finger circling her shoulder turned into a thumb stroking the back of her neck. Peeta took her chin with his other hand and turned her face to look at him. Their lips were only inches apart. "No." Her voice sounded husky. "Not by you." Peeta stroked her cheek and leaned closer still. "Did I miss my chance?" Katniss could feel his breath on her face. She licked her lips, preparing to bring an end to years of longing by closing the gap between them. The door to the kitchen swung open. Music and laughter poured into the room, startling them back to an awareness of their surroundings. They sat back, but Peeta slid his arm around Katniss's shoulders. She fought with her body to keep it from melting against him. "Peet! Look at you, chatting up a hottie! I didn't know you had it in you, man," Finnick wiggled his eyebrows at them on his way to the keg. Katniss tried to move away, but Peeta's hand on her shoulder held her gently, but firmly in place. Finnick slid onto the bench across from them. His sea green eyes were dancing. Katniss