Christmas Miracle A /N – I plan to weave this story into my other fic, Phoenix Rising, but the Christmas season kept pushing this story to the forefront this week. It seems it was meant to be published a bit early. I hope my other readers will forgive me, but I'm assuming you all knew this part was coming anyway. ;) I do not own the Hunger Games! The snow is falling softly outside the living room window. The fat, fluffy flakes fall like feathers in the soft glow of the lamp lights in the courtyard before landing on the walkway that Peeta and I shoveled after the blizzard that pummeled the District only two weeks ago. I can't say that I've ever been a fan of the snow until now. Winter in the Seam was a struggle. It meant cold, wet hours spent wading through snow up to my thighs to check the trap line with Gale and splitting the meager results between us. The cold winds snuck into the drafty house at night, freezing the water in the kettle that hung in the fireplace. "It's coming down pretty hard out there," I whisper into Peeta's ear. I am laying in the crook of his arm in a nest of blankets and furs that we threw on the floor in front of the fireplace in the living room of our snug house in the Victor's Village a few hours ago. He rolls from his back and onto me to look out the window, his bare chest pressed against my breasts. I feel my body respond to his, the heat pooling in my centre, eager for his touch again. I place a soft kiss on his breastbone and slide the inside of my thigh up his leg. "Maybe we'll get snowed in again." His blue gaze is directed on me now, amused. He lifts one eyebrow. "I'm not sure anyone gets that lucky twice in the same winter." He kisses me tenderly. "The same lifetime." With a swiftness I never expect because of his leg, Peeta slips his arms around me and rolls so that I am on top of him. I straddle his hips and rest my chin the arm that is folded across his chest. The contours of his face are sharp in the firelight and I trace them lazily with my finger. We are already comfortable with this new level of intimacy; the natural result, I suppose, of two souls who have always recognized each other. I feel the blankets slide down around my waist. Peeta scratches his nails gently down my back and I arch into it. His gaze follows my breasts as I sit up. I can feel him, already hard and ready against my most sensitive parts. "I don't know, Mellark," I say, as I rise up to slip him inside me. "You've been getting pretty lucky lately." I slide down his shaft slowly, taking him into me, bit by bit, using my muscles to grip and release him over and over before finally settling in his lap. He groans. "Katniss, you're getting way too good at that." I chuckle and bend down to kiss him, but he meets me halfway; sliding his hand up my torso to my breast. He flicks his thumb over my nipple, which hardens at his touch. He swirls his tongue around the pink tip before drawing it into his mouth and grazing it with his teeth the way I like. I bury my fingers into his hair to hold him there and begin to ride. He finally falls back into the blankets, gasping, and gripping my hips to support them as they continue to piston up and down. I am lost. I am only feeling, only heat. He is hot and hard inside me and the pressure is building. With my eyes on Peeta, I put two fingers into my mouth and suck them slowly. Then I trail them down my body to the throbbing pulse between my legs, toward the the button that is begging for attention. I watch his eyes kindle with understanding and then flare when my fingers reach their destination. I have never performed this intimate act in front of him before. Empowered by his reaction, I throw my head back. My breath shallows as I continue to touch myself while riding us both to the breaking point. My other hand is fisted in my hair. I am lost in my own pleasure while seeing to his, little moans of ecstasy escaping my lips. Faster. Harder. Almost there. Finally, the wave I've been attempting to catch crashes over me and I cry out, "Peeta!" He is bucking beneath me now and we are both lost to sensation before he finally joins me on the other side. I fall towards him, burying my face in his neck. He runs his hand down my back as he tries to catch his breath. "That has got to be the sexiest thing I've ever seen," he murmers. "And I've seen Johanna Mason get naked in an elevator." I can feel him grinning into my shoulder. "Well, I saw Finnick Odair in his underwear," I reply, and start licking and kissing my way to his ear in the way I know he loves. "Are you sure we aren't due for another blizzard?" I whisper huskily into his ear. He chuckles, which sounds like a low rumble in the aftermath of our lovemaking. "Doesn't matter. I'd already decided not to open the bakery tomorrow," he tells me. I look up and grin at him wickedly. "Don't get so excited. We need to go get our Christmas tree tomorrow." This surprises me. Like birthdays, Christmas in District 12 was really only for those who could afford it before the rebellion. Most of the merchant families like Peeta's would celebrate with a nice meal and an exchange of modest gifts, very few would have bothered with a tree. Peeta sees that I'm about to protest and places his finger over my lips. "Please, Katniss, I need to do this. Christmas was important in my family. I have some very clear, very happy memories of it and I want to make new ones with you." I know then that there can be no argument. Peeta's natural memories are exceedingly precious after his torment at Snow's hands. And so, the next morning, I am trudging through the woods behind our house with Peeta on his quest for the perfect Christmas tree. He has slung an axe over his shoulder and I have my bow over mine, just in case we meet some hungry wildlife. I know there's no chance of hunting. Peeta's just too noisy in the woods. Each tree we see that might be acceptable gets examined from all sides for fullness. Finally, he finds a pine that he judges to be suitable and with several swift chops fells it to the ground. We drag it back to the house, where Peeta fussily trims and shapes it in the backyard, and then cuts the lowest branches from the trunk. He nails a couple of boards to the bottom as a stand and we shove it through the back door. The woodsy scent of the tree fills the kitchen. The snow on its branches is rapidly melting onto the floor and needles are everywhere. The mess doesn't seem to bother Peeta. He grabs a few old towels from the bathroom off the kitchen and throws them on the floor to soak up the water. "Now what?" I ask. Peeta can tell I'm tired and annoyed, but he's used to that and so he ignores the tone. "Popcorn," he replies, and laughs at my perplexed face. He quickly takes off his boots and outdoor gear and then he slaps a pot onto the stove. He covers the bottom of the pot in oil and lights a fire under it while he digs through the pantry looking for popcorn. The dry kernels sizzle when they strike the oil in the pot. Peeta quickly puts a cover on the pot and shakes it over the heat. Soon the kernels start to snap into balls of fluff and the unmistakable, mouthwatering odor of popcorn is added to the pine-scented air. "So, we're just going to make a big mess and then sit around eating popcorn?" Peeta doesn't answer. The popping sound has slowed and Peeta is focused on quickly dumping the corn into a bowl. I try to dig in. "No, no, no." He throws his hands over the popcorn. "This is for the tree." Like a lightning bolt from the past, a long-forgotten memory of my mother and her merchant class childhood surfaces. "You want to string it! My mother told me she did this with her parents one year when they had a Christmas tree." Soon, we are both seated by the fire. I have pulled some thread and needles out of my mother's old sewing basket and we're alternately feeding each other popcorn and threading it on the string. While we work, Peeta tells me stories of his childhood Christmases – handmade gifts and decorations, busy days in the bakery, and a delicious meal on Christmas Day. I sit quietly and listen while I work on my popcorn strings, knowing all of this is good for him. We eat a light dinner and then we wrestle the tree into the living room in front of the window. Peeta pronounces it perfect and then goes out to clean up the kitchen. When he comes back, he is carrying a box. "I just remembered this was in the basement," he explains. He pulls out thick red candles and artfully places them on the mantel amidst the boughs he cut off the tree earlier in the day. He digs out strings of lights, which we wrap around the tree before gently adding the popcorn strings. Finally, he kneels down and pulls out a shoe box with shaking hands. I am cross-legged beside him, waiting quietly for an explanation "Not long after I moved in here, my father called me and asked me to meet him at the bakery. When I got there, he pulled this box out from under the counter and gave it to me. He said my mother had been cleaning out the Christmas decorations and threw them out since I didn't live there anymore, but he'd rescued them for me." He passes the box to me. Inside are handmade Christmas tree ornaments: glitter-covered snowflakes that have been haphazardly cut out by an eager first grader, a string of paper gingerbread men, snowmen shaped from clay, stars made out of popsicle sticks; and the back of every single one of them is signed Peeta in a childish hand. My mother was absent and neglectful at best, but never for a moment in my life has she dismissed me or treated me cruelly. The depths to which Peeta's mother would sink never ceases to astonish and anger me, but it won't help Peeta to criticize her. He hasn't done it in all the time I've known him. Instead, he steadfastly tries to be a good and decent person in spite of what he learned at her hand. I hang each precious ornament on the tree, before crouching back down beside him and taking his face in my hands. "They're wonderful. I love them. And I love you. Always." The next night, we take our tea into the living room after dinner. We sit by the fire, enjoying the twinkling lights on the tree, the smell of my woods is filling our house and I'm feeling relaxed and happy. Peeta asks me about my family's Christmas traditions and I have to admit we didn't have many. "When we were really little, my father and mother would make us little gifts, but there was never any money for a special meal or a tree," I tell him. "After my