The white powder crunches under Peeta's boots as he trudges up the hill from the bakery to his home in the Victor's Village. He focuses on each step, using the muscles in his good leg to propel his bad leg forward. His heel strikes the ground, followed by his toe. The thick rubber on the soles of his expensive boots holds him securely in place. He takes another step on his good leg and then repeats the process. Relearning to walk in the winter hasn't been easy, but he's making progress. His father had offered to walk home with him, just in case, but he prefers to figure these things out on his own. Plus, if he falls, there is no one to fuss over him, and he prefers that too. He doesn't relax until he crests the incline and crosses through the gate of the Victor's Village. Finally taking his eyes off his feet, he notices the clouds are even more heavy and grey than when he left town. He hopes Katniss is already home from the woods. The snow is only going to get worse, and she could get stuck out there. If she doesn't get back soon, he'll have to find a way to convince Gale and Haymitch to help him look for her. He frowns a little. She wouldn't be happy about a search party. It would probably undo most of the progress they've made since the Victory Tour, but that's a risk he's prepared to take. She could be hurt and surely three sets of eyes were better than one. Gale knows the woods as well as she does. If they- The sharp cold of a snowball slaps against the back of Peeta's head like a missile from nowhere, then drops inside the collar of the wool coat the Capitol had provided for the Victory Tour. Icy, wet fingers crawl down his back beneath his shirt. He freezes in place, still as a statue, his Victor's instincts on high alert. Then he hears it. A high-pitched giggle. Followed by familiar snort and a whispered 'ssshhh' that Peeta knows all too well. He scoops what remains of the offending snowball from the back of his neck. It seems he's been worrying about the wrong thing on the way home. He should have been on the alert for a sniper instead. Peeta bends down slowly, forming a snowball in the palm of his leather gloves while he side-eyes the courtyard around him. His head is turned to the right when the next snow bomb hits him in the shoulder. He flicks his gaze to the left and catches a flash of pink dashing behind the shrubbery of the Everdeen house. He recognizes that jacket. It belongs to a blonde, but he's sure that someone else - a deadly accurate someone - is behind this particular sneak attack. He is going to need a bigger snowball. More than one probably. He fashions four more and stuffs them in the pockets of his overcoat. Rising quickly, he advances on the house on the other side of the courtyard. He needs to get closer. He's got more range, but no one has better aim than her. Peeta's arm is cocked behind his head and ready to release his mammoth snowball when he hears her. "Now, Prim!" The sisters spring from behind the bush and the barrage begins. Peeta's snowball hits Katniss square in the chest, but there's two of them and what appears to be a tidy pile of crystalline missiles. They've hit him with three before his hand even makes it into his pocket. His next throw catches the pompom on Prim's hat and she squeals, launching another snowball in his direction, but it goes wide. He fires two more at Katniss as she rounds the shrub, a wide smile on her face and a predatory gleam in her eye. She's got a snowball in each fist. He feels a moment's sympathy for her prey and then grins back, tossing his last snowball. It hits her right between the eyes. She wipes it from her face and her left eyebrow drops as she surveils him. They circle each other slowly. "You're gonna pay for that, Mellark." She tosses one of the snowballs in her hand and then catches it in midair. "Am I?" he counters innocently. "Get him, Katniss!" Prim cheers her sister on, throwing what remains of their ammunition at the both of them. Peeta's not sure where they fly. He can't take his eyes off Katniss's glittering grey orbs. He shakes out his shoulders and reminds himself to stay loose. Katniss catches the corner of her lower lip between her teeth and he knows it's time. With an agility born of years of wrestling with his brothers before he ever stepped on the mat at District 12 High School, Peeta pushes the toes of his good foot into the ground and springs forward, catching Katniss around the waist. She screeches in surprise as he takes them both down into the fluffy snow. His heart does a little backflip when he registers that she's wrapped in his arms. They haven't been this close since the Victory Tour. He just has time to catch the faint scent of lavender and evergreen on her bright red pea coat before she smashes one of her snowballs into the side of his head. His ear burns from the cold and it distracts him long enough for her to escape. She scrambles away on her knees, desperately throwing her last snowball at him as she flees. "Oh no you don't," he teases, grabbing fistfuls of snow and tossing them in her direction. Katniss is laughing now, and it's a sound heard so infrequently, Peeta never wants it to stop. Prim joins them and they're all scrabbling on the ground, throwing every last flake of snow they can reach. He's soaked and he's freezing, but Katniss's squeals and chuckles are ringing in his ears. He can't remember the last time he was this happy. Was it in the Capitol when she ran toward him on the stage and he thought all of his wishes had been granted? Finally out of breath and with no snow within his reach, he collapses to the ground. Prim does the same, not far away. He turns his head to see Katniss crawling to her feet, brushing the snow from the jeans she has tucked into a pair of brown boots that stop just below her knees. He holds out a hand. "Help me up?" He hears a 'tsk' noise and she shakes her head, but she moves toward him. Her gloved hand wraps around his own. "You should have thought of that," she lectures "before you-" With a quick tug, she's back on the ground, sprawled on top of him. He hears an 'oof' as the air is expelled from her lungs. She lingers about a second longer than it actually takes her to catch her breath, just long enough for him to lay his hand on her lower back, encouraging her to stay put. "Hold on for a sec." There are snowflakes in her lashes and her cheeks are bright and rosy. Her eyes flick to his lips. He wonders if she's remembering the last time they were on the ground not far from here. There is no lipstick between them now, no cameras to perform for. Their eyes lock again and he tries to remember to smile. They're friends now. Fiances, but not lovers. His thumb flicks away a flake of snow when it lands on her cheek. "I've got chocolate and cream, if you wanted…" "Yeah?" "Yeah," he swallows, and starts to sit up. He wonders if he imagines the little flash of disappointment he thinks he sees when she moves. This time, when she holds out her hand, he lets her tug him to his feet. He brushes the snow out of his hair. "There might be some frosted shortbreads over there too." He's got her now, he can tell. She glances over at her sister. "Can I bring Prim?" He's kind of amused by the idea of a 12-year-old bodyguard, after all those nights on the train, but he'd planned on inviting Prim anyway, so he just smiles and nods. "Of course." He's glad he agreed when Prim all but dances across the yard to his front door. Before long they're all standing on his front porch, stomping the snow from their boots and shaking it from their hair. The house is cool, but not cold, when he opens the door. He'd carefully banked the fires before he left and it won't take long before they're blazing merrily again. Prim warms herself in front of the one in the living room and Katniss follows him into the kitchen. He stirs the coals in the kitchen fireplace, throws on some more kindling and wood and gets that fire crackling as well. He 's got his sleeves pushed up and his face in the refrigerator looking for the cream when Katniss asks if she can help. He looks up and waves to the pantry. "There's a block of chocolate in there, and a bottle of vanilla. Could you grab them?" Peeta puts her to work stirring the cream and vanilla he's measured into a pot while he roughly chops the chocolate. The kitchen is quiet except for slap of his blade against the cutting board and the scratch as he scrapes it from the board into the pot. It's her hair that smells so good, he realizes, when he's standing beside her, carefully adding the sugar. It's soft and natural; nothing like the heavy perfumes in the soap in the Capitol. "So do you just want me to keep stirring it?" Katniss asks. "Uh, yeah. If you don't mind. It can burn kind of easily." Out of excuses to stand beside her, Peeta turns to put the cutting board and knife on the island. He's plating some cookies when looks out the window over the kitchen sink. As he expected, the snow is falling faster now. "It's getting dark out there, do you need to call your mother?" Katniss follows his gaze. "No. She's delivering a baby in the Seam. I have no idea when she'll be home. Could be tomorrow if the snow doesn't let up. Later than that even, if the labour is difficult. Normally, she'd take Prim with her to assist, but she thought with the weather, it would be better for her to stay home." Before he can stop himself, Peeta blurts out an invitation to dinner. She bites her lip as she stares down into the concoction in the pot that is rapidly turning into a smooth, chocolatey liquid while she thinks about it. He grips the countertop behind him while he awaits her answer. He bites his tongue and tries not to push. He knows where that will get him. Alone. In this house. As usual. "Um, okay." He can't suppress the grin. "Really? You'll allow it?" "I'll allow it," she says with a nod and a shy smile that that smooths his nerves in a way that nothing else could. "Is this done?" He crosses the short distance to where she's peering into the pot. "Looks it. Is it sweet enough, do you think?" She holds the wooden spoon to his mouth and he closes his lips around it. It's perfect, thick and creamy. Just sweet enough to satisfy. He nods. "It's good," he tells her as he steps back before going in search for the mugs. "We make a good team." He ignores the way Katniss stills behind him and pulls the mugs off the shelf. Setting them beside the stove, he carefully pours out three cups of chocolate and passes Katniss her mug and the cookies. He swipes the other two mugs off the counter. "Let's go introduce Prim to hot chocolate." They find Prim sitting