A/N The title of this story and the song within come from the Australian version of a Gaelic folk song, the Water is Wide. (Just in case you want to hear the tune.) The first 1,000 words of this chapter formed a drabble I wrote for javistg's birthday. Many thanks to her for the inspiration, to loving-mellark for the bee-U-tee-full banner and the amazing peetabreadgirl and xerxia31 for their general awesomeness. I've been up all night, thinking, which is almost a welcome respite from reliving the nightmare of the Games in my dreams every night. The surge of relief that crested over me as they hoisted me from the arena was replaced almost immediately by a creeping dread, a suspicion that while I survived, I would never be free. The programmed speeches and pageantry of Victory Tour were already confirming this new truth when Finnick Odair hissed warnings in my ears as we clasped hands and embraced on the stage today in the centre of District 4. Smile, Peeta. You need to be careful. The Game is just getting started. He kept it going all day while he played benevolent host, performing the requisite tour around his district, showing me the thatched homes that hugged the shoreline near the docks where the fishers pull in their catch to be loaded in train cars for the Capitol. As cameras rolled and on-lookers and hangers-on gaped at whatever maritime marvel the Capitol's golden boy had on display, Finnick passed behind me in the crowd, whispering under his breath. Watch your back, Peeta. When someone paid me a compliment over dinner, he made a face. They're going to love you in the Capitol. His words are still rolling through my mind, hours after the day is done. The party guests have finally left the mayor's house. The prep team that is constantly primping and fussing over me has, at last, left me to my own devices. From my bedroom window in the usually vacant house on the cliff where the Victor's Village is located, I watch the waves surge onto the beach while I analyze all the possible meanings of his words, each one more frightening and depressing than the one before it. Unable to stand another second in my own head, I throw open the garden doors to the terrace, crossing swiftly into the garden and down the rickety wooden steps to the beach in the early dawn light. The sea water snakes around my ankles as I walk along the shoreline, the wet sand squishing between my toes. There is a fence in District 12 that the Capitol claims keeps us safe from the wildlife, but really only serves to pen us in. There is no fence in this part of District 4. Instead, the ocean stretches endlessly before me. As the salt air fills my lungs, I stare at the horizon and watch the sun begin its ascent to the heavens, my heart lifting for the first time since my name was pulled from the reaping ball. I close my eyes, trying to hold on to this moment; breathe in the crisp clean smell of the ocean, clasping tightly to the soaring, fluttering feeling in my heart. I promise myself I will paint this moment later and hang it over the mantlepiece in that empty mausoleum they claim is my new home. I'll call it Freedom. When her song reaches my ears, I freeze. This is a private beach, reserved for Victors and I saw no one when I came down the steps. From my spot in the surf, I follow the sound until I find her, sitting on a rock near the edge of the water, her long dark hair blowing in the breeze. Her olive skin glows in the dawn, drawing me in. The water is wide, I cannot get o'er And neither have I wings to fly, Build me a boat that can carry two And both shall row, my love and I. I haven't quite made it to her side when she speaks, her back still turned to me. "It took you long enough." Her curt tone startles me. "What? I don't know what you mean." She whirls around and her eyes, the same hue as the sky before a storm, practically pin me in place. "I've been waiting for you all night, Peeta Mellark, while you stared out the window. Now the sun is almost completely up and I have to go." She heaves a sigh and it's only as her chest rises and falls that I am able to tear my eyes from her gaze and realize her breasts are completely bare. My dick twitches to life as I gaze at them, round and soft, and much more natural than the surgically enhanced tits of the Capitol women in the dirty book my older brother keeps under his mattress back home. He managed to trade a bag of cookies for it from that peacekeeper, Darius. "Well?" She's still annoyed. I force my eyes back up to her face. "I'm sorry," I reply, wondering if women typically go topless at the beach in this District. "This is a private beach. I'm not sure how you got down here, but I don't think you're supposed to be here." She gives me a puzzled look. "I swam up, of course. It's my 18th birthday. How else was I going to meet you?" I gape at her like a fish. A half naked woman swam up on a beach to meet me? "How do you know my name?" It's a stupid question, really. The whole country watched me wrestle a boy from District 2 to the ground and then slit his throat with my knife. I am a household name. "It came to me in a dream," she says, as she slips off the rock into the water. "You don't have to go back that way," I tell her and turn to point to the steps behind me. "You can just come up the steps. I'll get you a shirt in the house, and…" She laughs, and when I turn to face her, she's already up to her waist in the water. "I'll be fine, Peeta Mellark." I chase her out into the water until it licks at my knees. "Wait! I don't even know your name!" Her arms sweep and swirl through the water, holding her in place. "It's Katniss," she calls, and then turns and jumps into the surf. And where I expect to see slender legs, the scales on her lower body glisten in the morning light. Her tailfin rises high in the air and then disappears, slipping below the surface. My knife digs into the bark of the tree beside me, carving a deep notch. I don't know what possessed me to climb under the fence and start into the woods. I haven't done it since I was a kid, when my mother pronounced that as the littlest, it would be my job to crawl under the fence to harvest berries and apples. Produce from the Capitol was expensive and it often arrived overripe or full of worms. It didn't matter to her that I would be whipped in the square if I was caught. She said it would save our family's bakery some money, and none of us ever dared to disagree with her. But this morning, after yet another restless night, I was overcome with a desperate urge to get out of the house. I had baked enough bread for an army the night before, so I made my way to the Seam and left loaves on as many doorsteps as I could before wandering over to the meadow full of wildflowers not far from the dilapidated shacks where the coal miners try to raise their children. The electric fence that surrounds our district skirts the edge of the field, but you can find spaces here and there to crawl under and go off into the woods. Eventually, I found a gap large enough for a man to slip through and scrambled beneath the wire. I stayed close to the fence when my mother sent me foraging as a child, but today, I am following a trail that leads deep into the trees. It must have been made by Gale Hawthorne. His father died in a mine collapse when we were kids and Gale was left to provide for the huge family that was left behind. He crawls under the fence routinely to hunt and then sells what his family doesn't need for extra money. The peacekeepers turn a blind eye to his poaching. I've never been able to figure out if that's because they enjoy the fresh game, or they know that no one else has the nerve to so blatantly flaunt the law. He used to routinely stop at the bakery and sell to my father, but not once has he made the trip to the Victor's Village to sell to me. I always envied Gale when we were in school. He wore rags every day, but no one ever gave him the pitying looks they gave to me. Gale was the fierce provider for a family who adored him, unafraid of the unknown dangers of the woods. I was the guy who routinely showed up with bruises on his face. If Gale had been reaped instead of me, his house in the Village would most assuredly not be empty with only Haymitch Abernathy, my 'mentor', next door for company. Not that Haymitch is much to look up to. The one time he sobered up enough to chat, he said I should be glad my family refused my offer to move in with me. That it's better that way. And since I sleep with a knife on the table beside me, I guess he's probably right. I left the Arena a killer. If my mother were to lose her temper and get up to her old tricks, I'm not sure what would happen. I pull my knife from my pocket again and cut a notch into another tree, glancing behind me to make sure that I can still see the last one. I hope I'm doing this often enough to be able to find my way back out. I'm not excited by the idea of being in the woods after dark. There were some nights hidden along the banks of a stream in the Arena that I'd rather not relive. I've been hiking for over an hour when I hear the song of the mockingjays on the breeze and the hair stands up on the back of my neck. The water is wide, I cannot get o'er... It's the song, the one that poked into my mind as I drifted off to sleep, all winter long. It still is, actually. When Cato looms over me bragging about how he plans to use the massive rock in his hand to crack open my skull, the silky sound of her voice soothes my soul. Music I surely imagined, but in the dark of night, I seek it's comfort without shame. The birds soar over my head and sing snippets of the song to each other from the trees, while my heart pounds wildly. It is not possible. Surely, the dark haired beauty on the beach in District 4 was the product of an exhausted and troubled mind. Mermaids do not exist. I knew this before I met her, and still I'd combed all the books in the library of the house in District 4, looking for any tales of seafolk. I'd searched the books in my house too, and found nothing but disappointment. The medical books on the effects of anxiety and exhaustion, on the other hand, were more helpful. I carry on with my walk and another bird swoops down from the sky, perching high above me in an ancient oak. It has a new line. And neither have I wings