And here it is! If you have not read both Any Means Necessary and Born Of Fire , I would suggest doing so before reading this as it won't make too much sense if you don't. So excited for the trequel to begin, and I hope you enjoy this as much as the first two stories :) Disclaimer (for whole story because I'm still lazy): I own the Hunger Games….psh are you kidding? I wouldn't have come up with this trilogy idea if I hadn't read SC's writing first, even with my crazy imagination. Katniss's POV 2,043-The amount of District 12 survivors out of the original eight thousand or so who are still alive. The Capitol retaliated for Kennie's breakout of the arena. They took it out on our district with fire (the irony not lost on me) and these are the people that none other than twenty two year old Rory Hawthorne lead out into the woods to safety as soon as the plan had gone awry on the screens. He led them to the lake house where Prim had already brought all her medical supplies and Rory had brought all of our hunting gear. They knew this would happen and saved a fourth of the population. It's not enough to feel good about because that would have been everyone, but it's something. I feel somehow responsible for those six thousand odd deaths. 1,176- The number of soldiers that District 13 has made soldiers from District 12 survivors, including those who have 'died' over the last eight odd years or so and risen in the ranks, preparing for a war. A rebellion to end Panem as it stands now. 1,177 if you include me-which I don't. I'm apparently not stable enough to be a real soldier yet. Not after last month where I tried to rip to shreds the not so dead coward Haymitch with my fingernails and now I have a pretty little mentally unstable bracelet on the same wrist as my stupid tattooed schedule every day. It's not like I really follow it anyway though I make sure Kennie follows her. At least they haven't dared to take her away from me. If they did I might actually go insane. Like Annie Cresta, who is currently in some unknown floor to me screaming her head off because of her sadness and pain like the mad girl she has become. I can relate but I don't go there for Kennie's sake. 112-The number of District 7 survivors after an unpredicted retaliation from the Capitol a day after District 12's demise as payback for the part that Johanna evidently played in the breakout and the rebellion. There were more than fifteen thousand people living in District 7. Around that many people died, the forests of trees and villages set aflame and destroyed the entire district, leaving a very few starving to death and many injured before District 13 came to rescue survivors three days later. Johanna had no one left she loved to punish but the Capitol thought that she would feel bad for her district. As the uncaring person she thinks she is she pretends not to care but I do. I can't help but feel I was responsible for all of them too. Now I'm part of the complete destruction of not one but two districts. Too bad that there's literally nothing I can do to reverse that now. 38- The number of days it has been since I was taken out of the Capitol, where they drugged me to get me out while I thought that my daughter was dead. The same amount of mornings that I curse myself for becoming my mother after my father died and becoming a zombie of sorts. I hate her for giving me that. I hate myself for being like that. I hate them for tricking me into that state even if it was for the rebellion which I fully believe is the only way for a better Panem even if I don't exactly agree with all their plans or anything. 17- The amount of times which they have stupidly asked me, pleaded with me, tried to reason with me to allow Makenna, a seven year old girl, to be the symbol of the rebellion. The Phoenix. 17- The number of meetings which I absolutely refused and walked out of there believing they were all incredibly idiotic for even asking. 3-The number of tributes that District 13 picked up and saved when they were supposed to get everyone. Albert, Beetee's now eleven year old nephew who excitedly helps out his uncle with whatever it is Beetee does in the Weaponry and Special Intelligence room when he's not in class. Johanna, the ever bitter and now pissed woman (if you can call her that) who hates them all almost as much as I do for not saving everyone, including her best friend. And of course, Makenna, who is currently her curious self and explores District 13 sometimes when she's supposed to be in class. Sometimes she's found by Prim or Hazelle or even Haymitch and sent back to class with a mild scolding. One occasion Johanna found her and decided that she would take her outside much to the soldiers of District 13's annoyance, who stopped them before they could get to the gate. A few times she's found me hiding in a closet or something and just curls up to my side as I hold her to me, grateful for her presence that keeps me mostly sane. 3-The number of tributes which the Capitol captured, the ones who weren't saved from Snow's evil grasp. The ones who aren't safe at all. Cashmere, who really didn't know anything at all of what was going on and is probably fine. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if she's not in custody if she's even still in the Capitol at all. Finnick, who according to Johanna knew far too much and she's actually worried sick about what they're certainly doing to him. Torture for information of which he has plenty. 'Mindfucking' as she calls it to make him say anything, probably threatening that they have Annie or someone else he loves to get him to say something without the physical torture. I do feel horrible about Finnick being captured, especially after all he's already gone through and that he tried his best to save Kennie in the Games. He accomplished that but at a very heady price. And they have Gale. I can't even think about what they're doing to him. I don't want to think about it but it haunts my nightmares, creeps into almost every thought I have every waking hour of the day. It pains me that he's probably in pain even though he knows nothing more than I did, which is absolutely no information. They'd do it just to screw with my mind and I hate to say that if that's their goal it's working. Kennie is literally the only thing that helps me from thinking about him too much in captivity by them because she's the only thing I have left right now that's a part of him. For all I know he could be dead and somehow I don't want to know. 1-The number of things today that I'm actually going to follow from my stupid wrist schedule today. Command at 1300 hours. I suspected that it was another pointless meeting where they tried to get me to allow Kennie to be their stupid Phoenix before offering the job to me (which I also refuse every time) but Johanna heard from her 'source' (whoever that is) that it's an interview with Ceaser Flickerman. The only reason I'm actually going to go is that I know an interview wouldn't be with him unless it was something flashy and important, and for some reason I have a feeling that means Gale. I have to see him, even if it's through a screen. I need to watch him, read him, look at him to figure out exactly what they're doing to him. And even if I'm wrong it would probably be good to know what's going on anyway. After wandering around District 13's underground halls all morning I go to lunch at the scheduled time on my wrist, scanning it for my carefully measured out meal of a bowl of some type of vegetable stew (I think squash), a thin piece of bread, and a cup of water. After getting my tray of what seems like such a meager meal after having all I could ever eat for ten years I sit down at our assigned table. Even if it is such a little amount of food I have trouble finishing it somehow, and when I'm just staring at the rest of my bread for around five minutes I snap out of my daze when a hand grabs it. "Hey, that's mine." I protest with a frown to the stealer though I'm not actually that mad. Johanna stuffs my bread in her mouth and swallows before rolling her eyes at me with a smirk. "It's not like you were going to eat it anyway." she points out, and I can't say she's wrong so I just shrug. Might as well not let it go to waste-not that anything ever goes to waste in this district. I don't think they even know the meaning of 'extra' here. "Fair enough." I concede and glance at her. She's sweaty and her hair's in a tight ponytail that looks a little funny with how short her hair is. "Where have you been?" I finally question. "Training. Where you're supposed to have gone you know." Johanna reminds me but I just roll my eyes. I don't want to train. I don't want to be one of their stupid soldiers or follow orders. And honestly, I'm surprised that Johanna wants that. "Didn't think you'd want to be there either." I mutter and she laughs. "Where else am I allowed to beat the shit out of people and call it training? It's good for the frustration anyway." she exclaims as she quickly finishes her meal. Well I guess that's part of my problem. The sadness sort of consumes more of my time than the anger at the whole Gale in the Capitol thing while she's all anger that Finnick is there, but I guess she sort of has a point. Maybe I'll actually go to training one of these days… "Please. You'd do that without calling it training." I mutter to which she laughs again with an almost vicious smile. "So what? At least they can't get too mad at me if it's in training. I'm teaching them to get better so they don't get their asses kicked by a girl." she insists and I have to crack a smile. "I'm sure that's exactly what they think." I mumble before getting up to go put my tray away. "Where are you going?" Johanna questions me. "My schedule says Command." I offer as an explanation and the look she gives me is one of unbelieving that I'm actually going but she gets the point after telling me the information from her 'source'. "Alright I'll go with you." she declares, getting up with her own tray. "Is that what you're schedule says?" I ask her suspiciously, thinking she might be going just to see my reaction. Or on the off chance that it's Finnick the interview is with. Or just to piss off everyone in Command (a likely possibility). In response she snorts, "Like you're one to talk about following schedules." Alright I'll take that as a no to my question. But I don't say so and she follows me out, all the way to Command. When we walk into the Command center all eyes are on us. Some raise their eyebrows at Johanna's appearance but no one kicks her out and no one says anything about it. I