Damien (Page 10) Just another boring day. It was always the same. Go through the motions of school, pretend you care about what you're being taught, blah blah blah. The only thing that even half interested me at this useless academy was the girls. I slammed my gym locker shut with a loud bang, and some heads whipped my way before promptly averting their eyes. I had quite the reputation here; guys didn't mess with me, girls couldn't get enough of me. Plus there was that rumor about me murdering my parents and little brother. No one cared to actually ask me what had happened. I nonchalantly waltzed out of the locker room and into the gym, Mr. Lance nodded to me. I never liked that guy. He seemed way too young to be a gym teacher—and there was just something about him I didn't like. I didn't want to be inside that guy's head. I didn't really want to be inside anyone's head, actually, and for the most part stayed out. Mind reading wasn't very fun when everyone regarded you with apprehension. Compulsion was pretty cool, though. Time for some more dodge ball; I thought cynically, why did I choose to show up today? I was amazing at dodge ball—any sport, really. Didn't mean I liked it. I got on my side of the gym for boys vs. girls and crossed my arms over my chest, waiting. "ALL RIGHT, STUDENTS!" Lance's voice boomed, causing everyone to get quiet. Could this guy get any more annoying? "Remember the rules, and absolutely NO abilities!" Pffft. Like anyone really listened to that stupid rule. This was Enhancement Academy as in, enhancing our special abilities. School systems were so screwed up. Lance blew his shrill whistle, and everyone started the game. I internally sighed, for a moment I contemplated compelling Lance so I could leave, but since I didn't know his powers or group, I decided against it. Might as well play, nothing better to do. So I did. I'm pretty sure I got more people out than anyone else in the entire gym—except maybe that roadrunner guy. He was a real weirdo. I was getting seriously bored with this game, and seeing some of the other people using their powers when Lance wasn't looking . . . I might've gotten a little cocky. That wolf girl was getting a significant amount of guys out, and it was really starting to bother me. She bothered me. I don't really know what it was, she wasn't bad to look at—she could probably be kind of cute if she stopped trying to dress like a boy; but I just didn't care for her. She was a loudmouth, and completely unstable. Yeah, yeah, Nekos had it sooo rough; they had to constantly keep their emotions in check and all that—didn't care. She should have way better control. I aimed precisely, and let a ball fly with full strength—another of my abilities—but damn her, she moved as soon as I threw it! She was a quick one, I'll give her that, but then something happened that I couldn't have predicted even if I'd tried. Instead of hitting some other person, it hit the one girl it shouldn't have. The Zero. Damn my luck. The ball connected with her face before she even saw it coming, I cringed as she fell back and her head cracked against the hard marble of the gym floor—who makes a gym floor marble anyway?!—and every head whipped in her direction and stared. Oh crap . Time seemed to stop as everyone watched her, and the wolf girl distantly called out. Lance was there in a second, peering down at her. I couldn't see her through all the people, but that blue hair of Lance's was unmistakable. He helped her to her feet, and she wobbled as if she was going to keel over. I wondered if I could sneak out before Lance could spot me. . . "MOYER!" His yell cut through the silence. I guess sneaking out wasn't an option. Shit. He locked eyes with me just as the Zero drooped in his grip, unconscious. He picked her up and repositioned her in his arms, making her look like a little rag doll. "Hall. Now." He said sharply, his eyes once again on me, "Nobody move an inch." He said to the rest of the class, going through the double doors. Reluctantly, I trudged after him, feeling every eye in the gym boring into me—especially that wolf girls'. Chapter 2 (Page 12) "You are going to take her to the nurse immediately and stay with her every second until she is fully healed!" He snapped outside the gym. His gray eyes were almost silver with fury, and I wondered if he was going to hit me. The Zero looked rough to say the least. Her ponytail was messy, and her long golden hair was matted with blood; it trailed down her neck and over her shirt as well as Lance's, she'd also left a nice puddle on the gym floor. Her face was bruised badly, and her nose pointed at an odd angle—yet she looked serene. She was tiny and frail-looking. I was surprised the ball hadn't snapped her in half. I slowly edged into Lance's mind, just for a peek. .Shit. If the Headmaster finds out about this I'm toast—is this girl dead? Dear God I've got to clean this up—I'll kill this damn kid! I abruptly pulled out as different images of him ripping me apart filled his mind. Knew I didn't want to be inside there. "Get her to the nurse— NOW ." He shoved her into my arms not-so-gently, and I took off to the nurse's office, trying not to jostle her too much. At least I wouldn't be getting expelled. The nurse hadn't been too happy to see the Zero—Ember, she'd corrected—battered up like that, and apparently couldn't heal her completely until tomorrow. She got the bleeding to stop though, at least. Mrs. Chub didn't like me, I could tell, but she seemed fond toward the Ze—Ember. An hour felt like eternity as I changed back into my normal clothes; light blue t-shirt, jeans, and threw away my bloodied gym clothes. I didn't like them anyway. Lance had called me back to the gym to shove Ember's over-sized girl bag at me, and I got back to the nurse's as quickly as I could. I didn't want to give Lance the chance to make his thoughts a reality. Nurse Chub had made me sit in the entrance to the office in front of her desk while she fixed Ember up. When Ember was awake and bandaged, Chub had sent me in to see her. I entered the cramped curtained room, and my eyes quickly swept over her. She looked better—well, at least the bleeding had stopped. She had white bandaging over her face, and she was still caked with blood. She looked less fragile now that she was awake, though. Her deep blue eyes were clear, and captivating. It was like floating through the sky. I saw her checking me out, too. She fidgeted slightly, and I could sense her unease. I had that effect on people. "Here's your stuff." I said to ease the awkwardness, and set her bag on the small table next to the bed, "And sorry . . . about your face." I said lamely. I sucked at apologies. "Yeah, it's fine—I'm fine." Her voice was surprisingly leveled, even in her injured state. I stared at her, not knowing what to say or do next, but feeling and odd sense of calm being near her. She felt . . . familiar to me. She wasn't too bad to look at, either. I suspected guys would be all over her, if she wasn't a Zero. How unfortunate for her. I wondered how she dealt with it—I heard the things people said about her. If they even acknowledged her to begin with. After a few moments, I became aware that standing there looming over her in silence was more than creepy, and left to get a chair from the lobby. Mrs. Chub gave me a quizzical look, but said nothing. I returned to the room with the chair, setting it down next to her bed. She seemed surprised that I came back. "I'm fine, really—you don't need to stay." She insisted, seeming completely uncomfortable. Her expression was comical—and kind of cute. "Oh, I really do." I replied easily, "You weren't there when Lance flipped." "Oh." Was all she said. She probably didn't know how else to get rid of me—that amused me to no end. She definitely wasn't a people-person. I ran my hand through my hair, not knowing what to say, which was weird since I always knew what to say, "So . . . come here often?" Good job, Damien. You are so good at conversation. "Um, sometimes." She replied in a small voice, clasping her hands together and staring at them as if they held the answers to life. Her black nails stood out harshly against the pale white of her skin. "How come?" I asked, suddenly overwhelmed with the need to know what she was thinking. Before she could answer, I pushed into her mind—or, against her mind. It was like slamming against a solid rock wall, no matter how hard I pushed it wouldn't budge an inch. Her face scrunched with pain, and I wondered if she felt me; I shoved one last time before she burst out, "Because I'm a Zero!" I flinched back at the unexpected outburst, and it took me a minute to realize she'd answered my question. Shame outweighed my new interest, and I dropped my eyes to the floor. "Sorry . . ." She said slowly, her voice returning to its normal soft tone, "I uh, I'm going to go change." She carefully got off the bed on the side across from me, and I handed her her bag as she passed, still not looking at her. Why did I feel so bad? Chapter 3 (Page 17) She entered the room without me noticing. When she cleared her throat, I jumped up. She looked ten times better than when she'd left. Even with the bruising, she cleaned up nicely. Her black Monster t-shirt clung to her in all the right places, and though I preferred the shorty-shorts to the skinny jeans, she pulled them off in a way most people couldn't. She looked like a dark angel. "I, uh, think I'm going back to my dorm." She said, and I once again got a nervous vibe from her. "I'll come with you." I said a little too quickly, "And we can pick up lunch on the way." She looked frustrated, "Thanks, but I'm fine. You can go back to class." Class? Was she joking? The only good thing about this situation was me getting out of class. So of course, I said the most arrogant thing possible, "Lance said to stay with you until you were healed," I motioned to her bruised face, "You don't look healed." "I'm fi—" She started angrily, but I held up my hand. "It's not like I have anything better to do." I was such a jerk. She looked me over with a sparkle in her eyes, and I wondered what she was seeing. I wondered if she thought I was a terrible person, like everyone else thought. She was a nobody at this academy—did she hate everyone? I would. She finally sighed, closing her eyes momentarily and letting her long eyelashes brush her cheek, then turned on her heel and left the room. I followed closely behind her. She'd given up on trying to get rid of me. "I'll talk to Nurse Chub; you can get us lunch from the Café. I like my steak-burgers rare." I said grinning, and winked. Then I went to talk to Nurse