A/N: Well I decided to make a twilight fan fic, because I wanted to try something new. Plus I'm into werewolf stories about Paul and own characters. So I came up with a plot and everything for this story, so hopefully it will turn out great and won't take me long to write. In this story Paul has never imprinted on Rachael, instead he imprints on a character I have created. So now you may read on if anyone reads these authors's notes lol. Imprinted on a Broken Soul Chapter 1: New school and it sucked. I didn't want to go, but if I didn't go I still have the problem of figuring out what to do for the rest of the day. I really didn't know what I was going to be doing for the rest of my life, actually. But it didn't matter. None of it really matters. My fingers twitch in anxiousness and keep twitching. I try to hide it but nothing escapes his eyes for long. "This place is small but eventually we'll be able to call it home," Ethan said soothingly, glancing at me with his golden brown eyes from the driver's seat. I continue looking out the window from the passenger seat, not responding to him. He moved us here to this damp, isolated, greeny place called Forks. The population was not much. It was quiet small town with not a lot of sunshine but instead dark gray clouds ready to burst. Perfect place for him to hide. My fingers were twitching again, this time it was hard to stop them but I tried. "You're going to the school on the reservation though in a couple of days. I found that school was more appropriate for you to attend, if that's okay with you?" Ethan inquired again, but was mostly stating the information to me. I again didn't respond. I wasn't picky; plus I really don't care about going to school. Ethan only glanced at me again when my twitching fingers could no longer be controlled and my hand started shaking. His eyes glided back to the road as he spoke. "You didn't take your medicine today did you, Lela?" He asked calmly, though he knew the answer. Ethan was so use to me not responding to most things, that it never bugged him, because me and him were almost the same. He was quiet but not closed off to people, instead he was collected and professional always. He cared for me though and that I knew. Me on the other hand I'm quiet because I not really social. I'm closed off to people because most closed me off. I would only give Ethan more of a response and more of my thoughts to him because I known him since I was born. He's practically like my brother even though he's not. I tried to make my shaking stop but it ran up my arms. I never like taking my medicine; I hated feeling like I'm not able to control myself on my own terms. I hated knowing that the medicine was supposed to make me better, make me function right as if I was broken. Ethan took one of his hands off the steering wheel and placed it on top of one of my trembling hands. Then it stop, the calm flowing feeling eased over me like a gentle wave soothing out the bumps of the sand. Ethan had that effect, that gift. "Take your pill's when we get to the house," he said in a soft request that was slightly a demand. His hand never left my hand during the silent ride to our new house. Once we got there, he took his hand off mine, stepping out of the car. I got out too, to look upon are quaint little one story house. It was a shabby light brown color, slightly faded, house with a red door. It had two pine trees companying the front yard while the forest trees spread out from behind the house. The house was closer to the reservation area, little out ways from the main group of housing around Forks. The closest neighbors are in front of us about a good 60 feet. We were the only house on this street probably cause of the forest was closer to this house than others. While I was examining the house from the outside, I guess Ethan went and got my pills, because he came back from out of the car with a bottle of water and my pills, giving them to me. I didn't notice I had started twitching again until I tried to grasp the bottle and the pills from his hand. I was able to get them under control enough to grab the stuff he handed me. While I swallowed the pills and drowning my mouth with water, Ethan grabbed all our bags from the car which was like 5 boxes and like four bags not including my backpack in the passenger seat. He took them and brought them into the house that I was now suppose to call home, but it didn't feel like home yet. I walked in after him, grabbing my bag form the passenger seat and glanced around the house. Ethan must of have had this house prepared before our arrival since it was decorate the best he could managed. The living room was on the left while the kitchen was in the same room separated slighty by the kitchen bar. The Kitchen was white tiled and had light blue sponged walls. The living room on the other hand was sponged with a hint of peach since the walls weren't completely white. There were two shabby, green couches facing the TV. Pass the kitchen slash living room was a hall way. Leading down the hall way there were four doors. One was the bathroom that I would have to share with Ethan and the other two were bedrooms. The last door was a closet for coats or blankets or anything. Ethan let me pick my room and left me alone to decorate my room. I only set up my stuff that I had brought with me and put my clothes away in the closet and drawers. The house wasn't that bad and my room wasn't half bad when I was done with it. I laid down on my bed exhausted from unpacking and traveling for the day since it is now 7 p.m. and I already had dinner that Ethan made me. He was a great cook. He was pretty much good at anything. I wonder why….my thoughts drifted on and off till I fell asleep. I blinked. It was dark. Why was it so dark out? I un-cradled myself and stood up looking around the trees that lined up all around me. Where was I? Suddenly a sorrowful sound hit my ears of a wolf howling. I looked in the direction in which it came. I felt like it had called for me in agony. I raced in the direction. Somehow I knew it wanted me and only me. The hollowing stop and I stopped too, wondering what happen to the calling. Lighting struck from up above followed with a loud boom. Rain pelted down on to my skin soaking me through the bone. I glanced around now confused with my surroundings, looking everywhere through the line of trees till I met a grey wolf looking back at me. I gasped and fell back on my butt, terrified at how big and mean this wolf looked. His teeth were showing, giving me a nasty glare. I paced backward on my butt way from the wolf in panic. It continued to glare at me then hunched its back legs and leaped at me. The wolf's paws were on either side of me and it lowered its head so I was staring right into the wolf's eyes. I saw my reflection in those eyes and how terrified I looked; my heart was pounding in my chest. Suddenly thunder cracked loud in a boom turning everything white. I slowly opened my eyes and notice it was still night time and that I was still in my clothes from today. I got up not caring to be quiet, because there was no point in trying. Ethan would hear me regardless because of his good hearing and the fact that he doesn't sleep. I grabbed my pajamas and headed for the bathroom. Once I was done showering I slipped on my gray sweats and long sleeve black shirt. I wore black a lot and long sleeves a lot. I dried off my auburn hair that looked browner when it was wet. I walked out the bathroom and went back to my bedroom that was the last room in the hall way. I gazed out my window that had a perfect view of the back yard and forest that was by my bed. My heart sped up at the sound of howling wolves. Then it slowed, realizing I do live by a forest. I wasn't scared of wolves but being in some place different always makes you weary for awhile. I laid back down and closed my eyes for sleep that came and brought me away from my worries. When I woke up, it was already noon and Ethan was gone, leaving me a note that says he went to apply for a job. Not like we needed the money, but he needed something to keep himself busy while I was out at school. After getting ready for the day in black skinnies and my forest green long sleeve shirt with a black shirt on over the long sleeve, I went outside. I wasn't much of a stylist, because I wasn't that good at it. I walked around for a while in the small town of Forks and ended up on the reservation on accident. I continued to walk along minding my own business and headed to the beach when I saw water ahead. On the beach was pretty quiet, it was the middle of October, I figured no one be out here, which I was right. No one was really out here, it was kind of cold. Makes me wish I brought my sweater. While walking along the beach a little awhile longer, the cliffs came up ahead into view. I saw movement up on the cliffs. People were up there being loud and pushing ,it looks like. Then out of nowhere someone falls off the cliff and I swear my heart almost stopped. They hit the water and I almost had a heart attack from what I just witness until I hear some voices hollering and cheering as another boy jumps off the cliff willingly and plunges into the cold icy water. They must be crazy. Its hell of cold out and there out here cliff diving from high up. Who the hell is dumb enough to do that? I continue walking while ignoring the boys' stupidity as each one of them jumps off the cliff. By the time I get near the place where they had jumped off, they were all out of the water on the beach laughing it off like it was nothing. They weren't even cold. They notice my presence almost immediately each staring at me. I was going to walk by them but you know how small town people are. All small town people know each other, so they must have known I was new since I stuck out like a sore thumb since I don't even live on the reservation. Plus I'm pure white compare to these russet skin colored boys. They all looked exactly alike but different at the same time. They had cropped black hair and muscles like good looking muscles. What were they, part of a steroid club? Seriously, they were huge guys. "Hey there," one called out to me, making me stop in my