Author's Note: This plot bunny ambushed me, demanding I write it out. I originally intended this to be a much shorter one-shot but the length ran away with me. Still a one-shot, merely a few thousand words longer. Be kind. Disclaimer: Alas, I do not own Harry Potter, if I did, I would not be working nightshift. All Harry Potter characters and places belong to J.K. Rowling. No copyright infringement is intended. Through An Owl's Eyes A beautiful Snowy Owl waited patiently to select her future wizard or witch from the streams of daily visitors. Her flashy plumage caught the eyes of many, only for them to turn away under her scrutinizing amber gaze. On an unremarkable summer morning, at a time when all owls begin to doze, a large man with kind eyes stopped in front of her perch. He spoke softly of a young wizard, in need of both guidance and friendship, before inquiring whether she would be willing. The owl hooted eagerly, carefully entering the traveling cage. On first sight, her wizard seemed far too scrawny. His eyes lit up with excitement, just a hint of trepidation lurking beneath the surface. He spoke calmly to her, never raising his voice. His eyes were joy tinged with sadness. She did not know this wizard yet but felt a wild desire to protect and watch out for him. Hedwig. A name her wizard, Harry, selected from a book he snuck into his room. Hedwig disliked this place and sensed Harry shared her feelings. His relatives were loud. Harsh voices, shouting, all at a subdued boy, desperately trying to avoid notice. At night, Harry spoke to her, sharing his thoughts, feelings, dreams, and worries. Hedwig listened from her perch on his shoulder, the windowsill, or headboard. The Hogwarts Express. Hedwig hated the train due to the loud students and uncomfortable vibrating sensation combined with a swaying motion. She tucked her head, preparing to snooze for the entirety of the ride, before deciding to keep one ear tuned into Harry's conversations with his peers. As her wizard headed for the castle in a boat, a house elf released her for the flight to the Owlery. Hedwig watched her wizard that first year. Hogwarts was freedom to him yet the sadness remained. He spoke to her whenever possible but their nightly chats were nonexistent. She watched as he learned to fly, racing her on free afternoons. The boy never required her to make long flights back to his home. To him, she was a treasured friend. She carried short notes but watched as his friends and teachers failed to notice his lack of family connections and absence of correspondence. Summer meant a loss of freedom. Harry's relatives were terrified, locking her cage and forbidding her from hunting and carrying letters. Hedwig watched as the sadness in her wizard's eyes deepened. She cursed the meddling house elf. He did not understand the damage done. Her wizard was treated like a prisoner. His relatives fed him next to nothing but he made sure to she had enough to eat. His friends freed him and let her fly for the first time in months. Hedwig sensed this was merely a break in a happy fantasy before the school year. Hedwig swore off flying cars for life. The minute her cage burst open, she didn't even look back to see if her wizard was ok. Straight to the Owlery for a nap before a blissful hunting trip. The rabbit never had a chance. The school was dark during second year. Harry disliked fame yet was thrust into the spotlight, first by that far too pretty professor then by the dark happenings. Her wizard could speak to snakes. Hedwig defended him, telling the other owls he was trustworthy and kind. She sat with him a lot that year. He sat up in bed many nights, unable to sleep but utterly exhausted. His teachers never noticed his turmoil. Hedwig saw, trying to comfort but powerless to do so, and so she listened. Her wizard nearly died at the end of the school year. Hedwig was frantic, trying to get into the infirmary, to be the watchful eyes over her wizard. A tall, dark, professor soothed her rumpled feathers, calming her frazzled nerves before silently gliding into the room, setting her on the headboard of her sleeping wizard. She swiveled her head, hooting a quiet thanks to the dark soul who melted back into the shadows. She and her wizard were allowed out that summer. It pained her when he sent her away to accommodate yet another unkind relative. He told her to go to his friend's house yet Hedwig stayed near. She watched and listened as her wizard absorbed countless jabs and insults. She watched the sadness as it morphed into simmering anger. She felt his loss of control and feared for his safety. As he boarded that hideous bus, she swept off towards London, arriving at the Leaky Cauldron not long after the Minister assigned him a room. Her wizard's eyes lit up as he greeted her. Petty fights distracted her wizard's friends with inconsequential topics during third year. The squashed-face cat had no quarrel with her but communicated the scraggly rat was unnatural. Hedwig watched as her wizard struggled to be a peacekeeper between friends too wrapped up in their lives to ask about his. The unnatural cold from the dementors seeped into the hearts and minds of all living things. Her wizard battled a constant onslaught of terrible memories, learning a new method to keep them at bay. Hedwig often sensed another presence in the dark. Sometimes she sat on his shoulder, as he stood hidden in a shadowy corridor. She sensed goodness in this wizard, labeled as cruel by the students. The scraggly rat was a fake. The large, black, dog was not a dog. Her wizard was denied a loving home but gained a semi-concerned, albeit brash, adult who gifted her wizard's best friend a tiny, hyperactive owl. Hedwig learned later the wizard's sister named it Pigwidgeon, Pig for short, a truly undignified name. Hedwig was an owl of the north, traveling to the tropics to deliver letters during the summer. Her delivery was flawless but the flights required days of recovery and she stood out against a backdrop of sand and sea. Her wizard's relatives were wary of this convicted murderer godfather who was staying in communication. Her wizard eagerly awaited the mail she carried and all other letters, but Hedwig wondered why strange, exotic birds, kept showing at the window. Hedwig loved seeing her wizard's eye light up in anticipation of news. His nightmares increased to nearly nightly occurrences. His uncle constantly threatened him to be quiet and not interact with the neighbors. Hedwig suspected the attacks were not limited to verbal exchanges, based on the bruises her wizard sported throughout June and July. Her wizard spent time staying with friends. Hedwig did not follow him to the Quidditch World Cup. She stayed near the house, her quiet presence largely unnoticed by the frenetic ball of fluff, the regal youngster, and the family elder. The head witch of the family made sure they were happy and free to come and go as they pleased. Her wizard returned looking haunted but excited to return to school. He sat up late with her the evening before the train, telling her what happened at the World Cup. She listened as he gently scratched her neck and under her wings, seeming lost in the repetitive motions, eventually lulling himself and her into slumber. He let her fly to school, thus totally avoiding the train. Hedwig looked around upon arrival, noting an uncomfortable atmosphere seeming to hang over the grounds, an ominous feeling unlikely to be noticed by the students but all the owls sensed it. Thankfully the dementors were absent. Hedwig sought out the dark man, finding him standing in a large, open, window overlooking the main student entrance. Alighting silently to his shoulder, Hedwig hooted almost inaudibly in greeting. He reached one hand out to run over her feathers, acknowledging her presence. The two stood watch as the students began the trickle into the school finding their way to the great hall. Hedwig's perch soundlessly moved through the halls pausing only once at a window to launch her into the air. Hedwig perched amongst the other owls to listen to the start of term announcements. For an owl, Hedwig was very perceptive to the world around her. She sensed the scarred professor was not who he claimed to be which would likely make it a difficult year. Hedwig made a note to locate the squashed face cat. The Tri-Wizard Tournament. A spectacle no doubt but her wizard should be safe for his fourth year. She should know better by now. Her wizard was too young to compete yet magic couldn't be convinced to break a contract. Hedwig was powerless to protect her wizard as he competed and succeeded in magical tasks meant for someone at the end of their magical learning years. It saddened Hedwig as her wizard's friends turned on him, one insanely jealous, the other preferring to stay away. Hedwig could not watch the first task, in a fit of cowardice; she trembled in a back corner of the Owlery. The roars of the dragons set all the owls on edge. Her wizard found her hours later, gently coaxing her from the corner with his quiet voice and owl treats. She perched carefully on his arm, cuddled into his chest. He lifted her gently, carrying her back to his dorm. He did not boast of his success, he cried. With a trembling voice, after a hastily cast "Silencio", he stroked her feathers and told her of his fears; he spoke of his loneliness and jarring nightmares. She hooted in comfort, remaining in physical contact with him, in an attempt to soothe his ragged emotions. Christmas was an interlude. Her wizard attempted to dance; leaving Hedwig convinced he should never try again. She stayed near him whenever possible, her presence acting as balm to his raw nerves. The night of the dance found her seated on a garden shrub watching the festivities. The dark man materialized out of the shadows, offering an arm to her. She stepped up and he carefully transferred her to his shoulder. He murmured softly to her, rendering her invisible, before continuing his patrol. The second task saw her perched atop the spectators' platform in the middle of the lake. She watched as the scarred man all but pushed her wizard into the water. She caught the barely hidden anxiety in the eyes of the dark professor, his searching eyes finding her shifting anxiously while staring at the place her wizard disappeared. Her wizard surfaced long after everyone else but alive and shivering. Hedwig could not resist, she spread her wings, gliding down to him, landing with a sharp shriek and harsh nip delivered to his ear. Her wizard looked chastened, smoothing her feathers in apology. The overwhelming sense of dread from the beginning of the year increased ten-fold as the weather warmed and her wizard stepped up his spell training for the third task. The dark man watched her wizard speculatively on many occasions, often grimacing as he noted a face tightened in worry and pain. Hedwig sensed the dark man understood some of the pain. The third task found Hedwig riding thermals over the maze. She watched all the competitors but mostly her wizard. In the blink of an eye, he and the other boy vanished into nothingness. Hedwig screeched in terror, frantically diving towards the center of the maze. She looked around, no competitors, no cup, only silence. Professors swarmed the area, at a loss to explain the incident yet not communicating their panic to the waiting student body. Soft hands attempted to corral her but she never trusted the ancient headmaster. Hedwig took off for