A/N This tale is set waaayyyyyyy after Jasper became Second-in-Command. He is now established in the role and his siblings 'rarely' give the southern soldier trouble anymore. (I am working on two tales for Jasper's new rank called Rosalie's Baby and Sibling Rivalry. *Thanks Cumor.* (I just hope Emmett behaves himself; Cumor too now that I come to think about it!) *I do not own anything Twilight related.* Warning: There will be Harsh Disciplinary Spanking in later chapters. Also, violent scenes of a physical and sexual nature in the upcoming updates. PLEASE do not read if you know you will be offended. As it will only make you frown and life is too short to be frowning. *says Ruby frowning into empty coffee cup.* Enjoy.x Atonement Carlisle paused at the end of the article and looked towards the closed study door. The scent of Jasper was close and he began to feel suddenly jittery. "Jasper, please come in and take a seat son. You are setting my teeth on edge." Jasper silently entered the study, He had his fists bunched into the pockets of his jeans and he closed the door with his back. He stood silent for a moment looking at the floor. "Papa, do you believe that you can make up for past mistakes?" He asked in a deep quiet tone. "Or will those mistakes come back to haunt ya?" He hovered by the chair unsure if to sit, stand or back out of the study and over the hills. "Never mind, I can see that you are reading." Jasper walked back towards the door. "Sit down and talk to me." Jasper's hand froze on the door handle and slowly he turned back towards the desk. Carlisle pushed the journal to one side and folded his arms onto the desk and leaned slightly forward. "You have been edgy all week. Is there something that you need to tell me?" Carlisle raised an eyebrow, concerned that Jasper was hiding something from him. Jasper rarely did such childish antics anymore and Carlisle was troubled. He was extremely proud of his son. Since becoming his Second; Jasper had been much more in control of his emotions and seemed more confident within the family. Even that tongue of his had learned restraint, well the majority of the time! The relationship with all his siblings was much stronger and Jasper was an excellent leader and protector as he had proved several times over. It was the war with Victoria's Newborns which made his siblings really stand up and take notice of Jasper's rank within the family. Carlisle knew in the beginning Jasper had had to prove himself where his siblings were concerned and it has proved a great strain on the boy at times. Jasper would be very measured in dealing with the consequences of their actions. Emmett knew this and played on it and sorry to say so did Edward. Carlisle frowned remembering one particular incident regarding Bella and a very foolish act on her part where punishment was required and indeed deserved. That was a painful day for Edward and Jasper as they were both punished severely for their lies regarding their own actions. It was a lesson that they all learned from that day as the siblings did not influence their brother to lighten punishments anymore, as far as he knew; Jasper stopped trying to take the easy path when dealing with their misdeeds. The boy was publically chastised for his part in the deceit regarding Bella and Edward! Only Renesemee was given permission not to witness the reprimand and Jasper's corporal punishment. Carlisle and Esme had returned from their trip to London earlier than expected. He had heard Jasper and Edward whispering in his study as he pulled into the garage. Edward begging Jasper not to punish his wife and that if he did it would break the bond that Jasper and Bella shared. Carlisle was furious that Edward would go there. It had taken Jasper years to build a relationship with Bella after the unfortunate birthday party, as Jasper continued to be ashamed and could not forgive himself even after it was all forgiven and forgotten. Jasper had wavered as Edward knew he would and then added the last nail by bringing up Renesmee. Jasper loved his niece very much and they would spend hours practicing self defence techniques to use on any of her admirers from school and arguing over the real particulars on the civil war. Renesemee would love to tease her uncle about how Lincoln was the greatest President of all time. Jasper would go on a long rant and Renesemee would be in stitches as she could goad him into a reaction every time. Edward sadly said that Renesemee would be terrified of her uncle if he punished her mother. Jasper's resigned ' ok ' and his promise to Edward not to tell their father is what sealed their punishments on that painful day. Carlisle suddenly became bothered at the memory of Edward's manipulation of Jasper; and Jasper's willingness to lie rather than deal with painful situations. He calmed his nerves as Jasper began to pick up on the negative energy. The reason for the anger was that Carlisle trusted Jasper with his life and the life of his coven and was stunned that he would have kept something so important from him. The boy had indeed been repentant for the deceit. He had been soundly spanked along with Edward. He had told Jasper in no uncertain terms that he was seriously considering removing Jasper's position as Second. The boy had seemed so sad; he just stared at his father with hurt dark eyes and then bowed his head. The public chastisement was met out at the kitchen table. All the siblings got a dressing down for not working together as a team to make Jasper's role easier. Carlisle wanted them all to take some responsibility for their own part in Jasper's predicament. It had been the last time that the siblings had given any serious trouble under Jasper's rule. Rose was especially close to Jasper after the baby incident and she tended to go to seek advice and comfort from him which always helped the boy's confidence. As he knew he was wanted just as much as the others. The Jasper that he was facing now seemed uncertain and haunted. He also seemed very guilty and was allowing his emotions to influence Carlisle. "Are you ok Son? What has happened?" The southern soldier could feel Carlisle's sudden concern and sadness. "No Papa, nothing has happened. It is just that –" Jasper was at a loss to articulate and went to get back up. Carlisle leaned across the desk and touched Jasper's wrist. Informing him without words to remain seated. "Last week in town, I saw someone that I normally only see in my mind and only then when I am particularly stressed. "I closed my eyes as I believed that I was imagining him. Maybe I did as he was gone when I opened them again." Carlisle watched his anxious boy and wondered what horrors he kept trapped inside of him. "Jasper, all of our kind will recognise past faces from time to time. The world is large, yet not that large as we won't occasionally bump into our own kind. I see there is more to it than that. Did you know him well?" "Yes Papa, I knew him very well. It was me that turned him. He was not the one that Maria coveted. My orders were clear; I was to bring the boy back to base to add to the food stock." Jasper looked down, ashamed of sharing his past with a good soul like Carlisle. "I disobeyed a direct order as it was the boy's uncle that Maria coveted to join the ranks. He had the sort of low morals that she had began to choose for her army. The depression made desperate people and we were there to pick them off. The meaner the better as they made the most formidable warriors." Jasper's profound southern drawl became even more pronounced and he dropped his head. "Jasper. You turned this boy when you were in another life. You need to stop blaming yourself for past deeds. You were as much a victim and you did what you had to do, in order to survive. We all would have done the same. The one that Maria coveted, he was a cruel man I assume?" "Yes Papa. He was very brutal." Jasper winced slightly. "I was brutal too. If you knew the truth of my past you would not be so open to my good character and your home." Exasperated at his hard headed son Carlisle hissed. "Jasper, what have I said about being unkind to yourself." Carlisle looked extremely stern and Jasper sat up straight and looked wide eyed at his father. "Are you going to remind me or shall I REMIND you?" "That I would get a hiding." Inside Jasper panicked as he wanted to avoid a trip over his father's lap at all costs. Embarrassed, he ran his hand through his hair and traced Carlisle's bite through his shirt. An act he had not done in years now, which Carlisle noticed with unease. "Sorry Sir. I do not need reminding. It was a slip and I will refrain." Jasper looked through big golden eyes at his father and silently implored him. "I was thinking about Rose today." Carlisle said softly changing the subject for a moment. Jasper relaxed slightly and placed his hands on his thighs. "She smiles more. Have you noticed? I had not given it any thought, then I suddenly realised that she is happier and that is because of you son." "Me?" Jasper said uncertainly, considering they fight like cat and dog. "Me?" "Yes, you!" Carlisle chuckled at his perplexed boy. "I am indebted to you Jasper tenfold." "That was a long time ago Papa." Jasper felt uncomfortable. "I really did not have a clue. Eternally hormonal women is scary business." Carlisle nodded his head in total agreement. "When Rose stole that baby I considered packing a bag and heading on out as I figured instead of being your second I would be demoted ex coven member." Jasper looked down at his hands as he began to fiddle with the family crest tied to his wrist. "That would NEVER happen Jasper!" Carlisle spoke sharply then tried to soften his tone to ease Jasper's tension. "You averted what would have been a tragedy." They both inwardly cringed at Alice's vision. "You saved the baby and you saved my daughter from herself. It was through your actions in thought, word and deed. It is because YOU are a good man who has done so much good for others." They watched each other. Jasper smiled, yet it was pained and Carlisle knew his words were not getting through. Sternly Carlisle spoke. "Make sure that you do refrain from treating yourself so poorly! Or there will be consequences as you already know!" Encouragingly, he gave his son a small smile and nod. "Please continue Jasper. I know I digressed." Carlisle slightly relaxed as he watched his anxious boy. "You said that you would have done the same as me, in order to survive! You are wrong Papa!" Jasper suddenly said raising his voice. "You would never have made the choices that I have made. You was a good man before you was turned and even more so now. I am not being cruel to myself. You would never have allowed the atrocities that I have been witness to. Or that I have done." "Jasper. You have no idea of the violence that I have witnessed in my time. Standing watch as the Volturi brought their own brand of flaming justice down on a condemned soul. I am not a saint and like you I wanted to survive. It is