I don't typically dabble in much besides Skyrim, but I read a prompt/comment on Tumblr about Sirius and it led to… well this. On the plus side, it's kicked my muse back into gear. Sort of. She's a hot mess right now. Anyway, I own nothing HP related – JKR owns it all because that woman is a mad genius! P.S. I am most definitely NOT British. Please forgive any butchering of their English… llllll Harry folded the Daily Prophet with a snap, laying it down on the table next to the giant mop of brown curls that was Hermione Granger. "So that's it then. They're really doing this?" he murmured. There was a muffled response from the hair that he assumed was affirmative. He shared a concerned look with Ron. "You do at least get some choice in the matter though, right?" he offered, hand burrowing through her tresses to find and pat her back awkwardly. "You fill out the survey and that will keep you from ending up with anybody too awful, right?" There were more muffled noises and he was pretty sure he heard what sounded like a sob. The look on his face became horrified. He and Ron were pants at dealing with crying women. "C'mon Mione," Ron hedged, his hand joining Harry's in the awkward patting. Something about it made her cry harder, her entire frame practically shaking with the weight of her sobs. "Merlin's beard, Hermione, calm down! It's not the end of the world," Ron added. She moved, her face appearing from the mass of curls, tears running steadily down her face. "You have no idea what it is, Ronald Weasley," she hissed. "You're not the one who must marry somebody you might not even know, let alone have feelings for!" Ron glowered and muttered something that Harry barely caught the end of and his eyes widened considerably. The tears on Hermione's face dried as she went from distraught to enraged in mere moments. "What. Did. You. Say?" she bit out between clenched teeth. Ron shifted and started sliding out of his chair, realizing he had made a very Serious Error. "I er… I said that… well…" She growled at him and his eyes narrowed. "I said it's your own bloody fault, Hermione! You were the one spouting off to anybody with ears about genetics and dee en whatever and how purebloods marrying purebloods was why there were so many squibs being born. What did you think the Ministry was going to do?" Hermione sighed and she shrugged weakly. "Something reasonable. Blood tests before issuing marriage licenses maybe. Not… not this!" She slapped the paper and it caught fire at her touch. Harry calmly put the fire out. "You really give the Ministry too much credit, Hermione," he commented. She released a long sigh and her head thumped against the table. The door to the kitchen of Grimmauld Place squeaked open and the two men looked at the newcomer. Sirius Black, looking much more youthful than he had before he fell into the veil, stood in the entryway, one eyebrow arched in curiosity. "What's going on in here then?" he asked, sauntering towards the table. Harry tossed what was left of the paper to him and his eyes scanned over the story. "Morgana's tits," he said. "They've really gone off the deep end this time. I feel for the poor witches and wizards that will be sucked into that." He threw the paper on the table. "Uh, Sirius…" Harry started, sharing another look with Ron. "You do realize that will apply to you as well?" "Like hell," Sirius retorted. "I'm too old. The paper specifically says all unwed witches and wizards between the ages of twenty and forty." "Oh no." Hermione's whispered exclamation drew their attention. Her eyes were wide, looking huge on her face as she stared at Sirius in horror. "Oh gods I'm sorry Sirius," she added. "Whatever for, Dove?" he asked, settling into a chair and leaning back casually as he studied her. "You're not… Sirius don't you remember? When I brought you back from the veil, I had to… Sirius you're technically thirty now," she blurted. "So not only do I have to deal with this, but you do too, and because of me." She let out an anguished sound and curled in on herself, her arms wrapping over her head. Harry and Ron looked at each other helplessly. Hermione had never made a sound like that before. Sirius, thankfully, had some inkling of what to do and was around the table and on his knees next to her chair. "Hermione, Dove, I'd much rather be alive and saddled to some witch I barely know, than still stuck in limbo or wherever I was. You do not need to be upset on my account." He reached out and tucked her hair behind her ears, wiping her tears with his thumbs. "Come on now, I know it seems awful at the moment, but I also know that your big, beautiful brain is going to come up with some way to wiggle around their system. You always do." He chucked her under the chin and winked. "Why don't you go up and have a long bubble bath and relax, hm? Then when you're rested you can come up with a plan of attack." "Okay," she whispered, rising from her chair. Her steps were slow and dragging as she headed towards the door. "Use the bath in my room, Dove," Sirius called after her. "If you check the bottom drawer there are some scented oils in there that will help you relax." She gave a half-hearted nod and then disappeared. "Scented oils?" Ron asked, nose wrinkled as he looked at Sirius. Sirius frowned at him. "You really think that veil lead to a nice quiet limbo?" he retorted. "I need something to calm me down after a nightmare." Ron and Harry paled and Sirius sat in Hermione's chair. "Now, fill me in on this new law. Looks like Hermione managed to torch the details of how the couples are chosen." Harry shrugged. "It's pretty simple. All the witches and wizards will receive a short survey in the mail and complete it and send it back in. They have some spell that will determine who should be paired up and the results will be mailed back out. The parties have er… thirty days I think to protest the match." "Yeah, but Hermione said something about how in order to protest it you must have some pretty good evidence on why," Ron interjected and Harry nodded in agreement. "Then the couple has a year to get pregnant-" "And if they don't they have to provide medical evidence of why they're not pregnant," Ron interrupted. Harry shot him a look and the redhead quieted. "Then once the child is born they are free to stay together or separate," he finished, turning the paper around with a small frown. "They keep calling it a marriage law, but technically nobody has to get married," he added. "That's actually not one of the requirements." Sirius cradled his chin in one hand, eyes thoughtful as he stared at the door where Hermione had disappeared. "It's not a great solution, I'll admit, but it's not as bad as it could be. They could saddle the two of them together forever, or make them produce more than one child." "What's your point?" Ron asked. Sirius rolled his eyes as he pushed away from the table. "My point is that if it's not that bad, why is Hermione so upset?" he responded. lllll Sirius found Hermione two hours later in the library. She was wrapped in his robe and curled up on the couch with a giant book in her lap. "H'lo Dove," he said, dropping onto the couch. "Trying to find a way out of your forced relationship?" "Sort of," she replied. When she did not continue he nudged her with his toe. She blinked over at him and he arched his eyebrows expectantly. She sighed. "I'd rather not tell you." "If you don't tell me, how am I supposed to exploit the same loophole?" he asked with a grin. She rolled her eyes. "Actually, this loophole would be a lot easier for you to exploit than me," she responded. "But only if you want to castrate yourself." Sirius nearly swallowed his tongue in surprise and he snatched the book from her lap before she could react. Sure enough, it was an ancient medical tome with spells about permanently removing the ability for one to produce children. "Hermione, what the fuck?" he exhaled, absolute shock rolling through his system. He knew she was upset, but to take away her ability to have children was beyond extreme. "What… why would you even… Hermione?" His voice squeaked with disbelief. "I don't have to have children naturally," she retorted. "There are tons of orphans from the war and I'm certain this… this law will breed many more unwanted children! And I don't even need magical children. There are squibs who need a parent who can navigate both worlds, somebody who can help them acclimatize to the Muggle world. It's… it's noble!" "Hermione." He dropped the tome to the floor with a thud, ignoring her wince at his mistreatment of the book. "Hermione, taking away your ability to have children is dangerous, even for a witch as capable as you. Which I'm sure you know, so why would you ever consider this?" He gripped her hands, rubbing his thumbs over the back. "Come on, Dove. You can tell me." "You'll just laugh. It's so stupid," she whispered. He squeezed her hands gently. "Anything that would make you consider harming yourself like that is not stupid Hermione. Tell me." He looked at her earnestly and she gnawed on her lip, indecision plain on her face. A thought struck him and he pulled out his wand, casually flicking it to close and lock the door and cast a silencing spell. "There. Now if they wander down here they won't hear you. And I won't tell them." She sighed and looked down at where their hands were clasped in her lap. "Is it so wrong that I want to marry for love?" she asked softly. "I've never… I've never really been in love. I mean, I had a crush on Ron but it wasn't..." She sighed and seemed to shrink in on herself. "I've never even been on a real date," she murmured. Sirius blinked in surprise. "I know I went to the Yule Ball with Viktor, but that hardly counts because it was the ball and Ron ruined it for me. And, yes, he took me to Hogsmeade a couple of times, but… well I was so young. I wasn't ready for real dates and then by the time I was we were entrenched in the war and after that it was so natural for Ron and I to get together, but his idea of a date is going to the pub for dinner. Not… not a real date." She sniffled a little. "I know it's… unrealistic but is wanting some romance so wrong?" "No," Sirius responded, his voice also pitched low. She started a little and he realized she had forgotten he was there during her mini tirade. "No, Dove. That's not wrong at all. Every woman deserves a man who will give her a little romance. But Hermione, even if you are paired with somebody who doesn't give you romance, you don't have to stay with them." She raised watery eyes up to his face. "Do you have any idea how hard it is to be a single mother trying to date?" she asked. He tilted his head, one brow raised. "No, but I'm pretty sure you don't either," he responded. "Unless there's something you need to tell us." She rolled her eyes. "I've read about it," she replied. "Finding a trustworthy sitter, finding somebody