*Nico walked over to the infirmary, away from Percy and towards a new future.* Nico di Angelo walled quickly towards the infirmary and Will, the boy who seriously confused him. On one hand, he was lanky and lazy and kind of rude. On the other hand, Will was intriguing, caring and not without appeal. "You thought you could escape me that easily?" The blonde asked, leaning slightly towards him. He also shot Percy a look that confused Nico more. Was that jealousy? A small flicker of envy? Nope, it must be his mind playing tricks on him. Almost fading completely into the shadows could do that to a guy. "Na. I was just waiting for you to invite me in." "Sure you were. Oh well. You'll sleep here for three days, Doctor's orders." Will led Nico through a large door and into an even larger room. Having spent most of his time at Camp being shunned, Nico wasn't very familiar with the Infirmary. It was a much bigger version of Cabin 13, with a taller ceiling and large, curtained windows. Hospital beds were arranged in a haphazard mass wherever the occupant wanted and surrounding each were pale washed-out blue curtains. In the centre of the room was a huge marble column stretching from floor to ceiling, with white sinks attached to it at waist height, and gold-looking taps. An oak door labelled 'Healers Only' was in the corner, which led to what Nico assumed were more supplies. Despite the tall ceiling, the Cabin was ridiculously warm, like a proper hospital wing. "A lot to take in, but you get used to it." Said Will, gesturing grandly around. He led Nico towards a vacant bed by a huge window spanning the corner of the Cabin, with views of the Dining Hall and Half-Blood Hill. The sun was just setting, painting the sky pink and orange and yellow. Normally, Nico hated sunset. It reminded him that tomorrow would be another day, just as painful and boring as today. But today, the sunset was different. It signified a change in Nico, one that he was glad had happened. He followed Will to his bed in the corner. % % % Dreams were always different for demi-gods. They often saw visions of others across the world, glimpses of the future and horrible memories from the past. Tonight, Nico was walking around Camp Half-Blood, aimlessly passing cabins of sleeping demi-gods and heading nowhere. He passed Cabin 7, and walked inside curiously. Musical instruments and bows and arrows were strewn around at random, as well as various shelves of healing potions and gods knew what. Snoring lightly in a corner was Will, all long limbs and blonde hair. As Nico got nearer, he noticed the way that Will was constantly shifting in his sleep, as if he had a never-ending energy supply he needed to use up. He could hear the heavy breathing of the other boy, and knew this meant vivid dreams. Nico stepped closer to Will, sparked with curiosity. He took in the form of the sleeping boy, and took another step. And another. One more step and Nico was right next to the boy, launching himself into Will Solace's dreamscape. The first thing he saw was himself, gazing off into the distance. Then he saw dream-Will talking to dream-him. They were discussing medicine, and Will's skills as a Healer. Nico remembered this conversation, the day after they had defeated Gaea. The two boys kept talking, but Nico soon lost interest in the conversation. Instead he focused on the way that dream-Will was constantly looking at dream-him, always admiring his eyes and hair and the sharp edges of his cheek bones and jaw. In fact, dream-Will appeared to be completely lost in Nico, and had also switched off from the conversation. Nico was sensing interest and intrigue, and something a little like the fluttering feeling that he used to feel for Percy. Not a crush, not really, but something closely resembling that. He hastily left the dream, hoping that Will hadn't felt his presence in it, and left Cabin 7. For what felt like years, Nico wandered Camp trying to discern Will's dream and the emotions he'd felt there. Was it possible that Will Solace had feelings for him? Why didn't this shock him? Nico searched deep inside himself for the surge of self-loathing that should have followed these thoughts. Nothing. Liking Will, or being liked by Will, didn't seem like such a bad thing in the end. Nico felt a hand on his shoulder and turned to see Will standing in front of him. Before he could begin to ask his questions, Will said: "Wake up Nico, its fricking 10:30 you lazy ass child of the Underworld!" Nico woke up. And saw Will standing over him, shaking him violently. "Mmmhmmgh!" It felt like six am to Nico, who opened his eyes to blinding sunlight and Will Solace still shaking him. "Mmmhmmgh is right Lazy! You slept for at least twelve hours!" "I though the whole point of being in the bloody Infirmary was to sleep?" "Nope. It was to spend some quality time with yours truly!" With a wink, cheeky grin and point at himself, Will left and came back carrying a tray with pancakes and strawberries. "Breakfast is served." % % % Will chatted whilst Nico ate, talking about pancakes and waffles and his preference in breakfast cereals. "Lucky Charms are definitely one of the best," he said, gesturing with his hands. Nico loved Will's hands. They were lightly scarred but soft and warm. Will also had amazingly long fingers, perfect for archery or playing the piano or healing. And although Will vowed that he sucked at the other two, Nico was sure that if he really wanted too, Will could be just as skilled at the bow and piano as he was at healing. "Although during the day I prefer Cheerio's or Fruit Loops." "What?" Cereal in the day? "You know, cereal for snacks, cereal for lunch sometimes, cereal before bed!" "You eat cereal for lunch. Wow." Although this was a new concept for Nico, he supposed it wasn't that strange. Not in the whole grand scheme of strange things that he had been through. Will was studying Nico closely, looking at what he presumed was his mouth. It probably wasn't his chin, so what else was there to look at near the bottom of his face? Just as Nico prepared himself to say something about it, or mention the dream, or both, Will spoke, saving him the embarrassment. "You've got something here." "Huh?" "Here. You've got something here." Will leaned forward, right up to the edge of Nico's lips and stroked his thumb against the corner of his mouth. Then he slipped his tongue against the same spot and gave it a big, wet and slightly sexy lick. "There. You had a spot of chocolate sauce. Shame to have wasted it." Will jumped off of the bed and left, hips swinging as he exited the infirmary. "Remind me again why I'm here for three days?" Nico and Will were sitting together by the infirmary windows, wedged together on the windowsill so that their thighs and arms were pushing against each other's. Neither of them had mentioned the face-licking incident, and Nico didn't plan to. Not yet, at least. "Because you almost faded into nothing. And we can't have you doing that, can we." "Why? Why do you care about me so much?" No one had really cared if he lived or died since Bianca, apart from Hazel and maybe Jason Grace. And Nico was thankful for the friendship he'd formed with the Son of Jupiter, but Will cared in a different way. He cared for Nico like if something happened to Nico, it would affect him too. He cared for him like Nico had once cared for Percy. Again Nico waited for the flood of hate to surge up from his core, and again nothing happened. "I care about you because someone should. You don't care about your life, or you don't seem to. I care about you because you're a bright light in my life, and I like that. I care about you because you're brave and powerful. I care because I want to." Will looked at him with such burning intensity that Nico thought he might melt. Then the look was gone, replaced with his trademark grin when Will said: "And because it's fun to see you squirm." Nico looked down at his hands, admiring the light scarring from fighting Romans and monsters. Silence fell between them, and not a hugely comfortable one. Will was looking between his own hands and Nico. Nico was staring defiantly at his cracked fingernails. "I felt you in my dreams you know." When it became clear to him that Nico wasn't going to say anything, Will continued. "I'm a healer, a Son of Apollo. I can sense broken things. And whilst your mind and soul are healing, they are both most definitely still broken." "OK." "What did you see?" Nico remained silent. "They're my dreams. I deserve to know." Nico didn't know what to say. He went with nothing, hoping to fool Will into thinking he was uninformed on the subject. The demigod clearly wasn't falling for it. "You don't need to answer. I can read on your face what you saw." "I – I don't, I mean I – I'm not, I don't." I don't care, I don't feel that way, I don't know what you're talking about. But Nico did know what he was talking about, and lying to Will wasn't going to change that. "Tell me one thing." Will's gaze was still fixed bravely on Nico. And Nico was definitely dreading the question. What kind of horrible, embarrassing secret would Will want to dredge up from him? "What thing?" "Just tell me if you still like Percy." "I don't – I never – I -" "You don't have to pretend to me. I've seen the way you look at him. You don't have to be embarrassed in front of me either. God's of Olympus, I'm the poor bastard that's fallen for a guy who's pining for another." "I'm not," said Nico, before he could stop himself, "I'm not pining for Percy Jackson. He saved my life once, a long time ago, and all I saw was a hero. He'd saved me from death, he was my knight in shining armour. I hated myself for it, every fucking day, but I couldn't help it. But that's it. It was just a crush, a long time ago." "Ok." Said Will. Nico took refuge in his fingernails again. "Are you going to say something?" Nico hated himself for having to be the weak one, the one who cracked under the weight of silence. But he did. He had to know more. "I don't know what to say. You know how I feel. The question is how do you feel?" How do you feel? How did he feel? Now that he was past the self-loathing, Nico could focus on his emotions more clearly. He felt relief; that this conversation between them had finally happened. He felt kindness, and more, to the blonde boy who was sitting in front of him. And he felt sorrow, sorrow for the scared, lonely, hating boy that he had been. Sorrow for the years of torture and pain that he had forced himself to endure. "Well, I won't force myself to sit here in extreme emotional pain," said Will, with a forced smile upon his face, "so if you excuse me, I'll be leaving now. He got up, leaving the space next to Nico feeling like a few miles rather than a few centimetres. He dusted his jeans off in a fake comedy gesture, and gave Nico a small, sad smile. He leaned in and kissed him sadly on the cheek. And then he left. % % %