Hey guys... so um... Fanfic Admin's deleted the 76th Hunger Games for the reason of: Main reason for removal: "Non-story: lists, notes, polls, announcement, and etc" The above story has been removed because it violated the guideline detailed on the upload page. God damn it. I literally got this message while in my +100 lecture and screamed out loud. The professor even stopped and asked if I was ok. Basically though the story got deleted because my second chapter was the list of all the tributes, giving you guys some basic info on all of them. I'm sorry guys, but it's all gone. I've got the majority of it backed up but not all of it (the 40s chapters no). This isn't going to stop me from updating the remainder of this story however. Because fuck them. Seriously, I've been working on this story for over a year now. 52 chapters, almost 350,000 words total. There are stories on this site that they could have removed before mine. There are stories that don't even get past the first chapter! And they wreck this one! And I also just found out that apparently someone else has taken my story and started uploading it on a different website, taking credit for the entire thing! ARRGH! I would be cursing more but this is only a T story and FanFic Admins may be watching. How Big Brother of them... Anyways, you guys have been reading this story, bonding with these characters, and waiting for the conclusion for a while now. And you're going to fucking get it. WILLOW VS. ANASTASIA & RAVEN! Enjoy the next chapter. And I'm sorry to everyone else who will be unable to see the rest of this story. If you're reading this chapter and haven't been reading the rest of the story your probably going to be very confused. I'm planning on uploading the rest of the story after I finish it, just so it's on FanFiction, without the tributes list. But here it is folks... the Final Games chapter! Before we start, I just want to thank all of you for reading and being apart of this story. It's been a long time coming (now a year long) but we've finally made to everyone who has contributed to this story (either through submitted a tribute or reviewing or even reading to bring up traffic). Thank you all so much and I hope you enjoy the final chapter of the Games! Chapter 44 The 76th Victor Day 10 of the 76th Hunger Games The clouds had dissipated entirely, though a shadowy atmosphere hung over the arena as the final three prepared to face off. The Gamemakers had lead the remaining tributes back into the swamp for the Games final confrontation, in an area eerily similar to where Willabeana had fought Willow and Kaden six days earlier. Raven and Anastasia stood with their backs to saw grass, the harsh grass swaying easily in the breeze and rustling against each other. Willow stood on the opposite side of the flatland, a thick mangrove forest to her back. The forest swerved along one side to connect with the saw grass, creating a hybrid setting that was almost impossible to successfully move through. On the opposite side of the hybrid was a body of water, deep and diluted with mud and other products of the swamp. In the distance, the tributes could see the hills with the twisted trees on it, leading to the Cornucopia. "I didn't expect either of you to make it this far." Willow called out, moving closer to the District 9 team. She casually held her axe up, resting it on her shoulder while giving Raven and Anastasia a friendly smile. "In fact, I didn't expect either of you to make it past the Bloodbath." "But here we are." Raven responded evenly, holding up his scimitar and shield in preparation. Willow laughed, even more so when she saw Anastasia hold up her knife. "How exactly did you two manage to make it to the final three?" Neither of them responded, full concentration on Willow who didn't quite feel like fighting just yet. "I can talk about myself first if you want." Willow offered with a laugh. "I've basically just been walking around killing people. It's a pretty good strategy for winning the Games if you ask me." Anastasia felt her grip on the dagger tighten as she remembered Willow almost ending Willabeana's life and killing Kaden. "How many people have you killed?" Anastasia blurted out. Willow eyed Anastasia, giving the young girl a deranged smile. "Annie, Annie," Willow mocked. "It's such a surprise to see you here. I thought for sure you would have fallen off the starting plate in the Bloodbath." She was surprised when Anastasia seemed unfazed by her jests. 'My, my how she has grown.' Willow thought to herself. "And Raven," Willow continued. "I thought... well I never thought much of you to be honest. You were always kind of there for me." "And now I'm here in the final three." Raven responded. "Yes, you are." Willow laughed. "But seriously, how have you guys survived? Both of you had to have killed someone to be here." Willow expected some sort of response quickly and she got one when she saw Anastasia's eyes drift only for a moment. "Annie you haven't killed anyone, have you?" Willow surmised. "But Ray has, hasn't he?" "I have." Raven responded. "I killed Damian and Nicolae, and I'm going to kill you too." Willow actually looked impressed. "You killed Nicolae?" She said in awe. "Well that's something, the whore not so much, but Nicolae! A District 2 Career? I can't wait to see how that happened when I'm back in the Capitol." "The only person who's going back to the Capitol is Anastasia." Raven replied. Willow began to laugh and continued to do so for almost a minute. "Are you kidding me?" She shouted, face red. "Her? Why should she be allowed to go back? What makes her more special then either of us?" "She just is." Raven said. "You wouldn't be able to understand." "Well if that's your argument then no, I don't believe I or anybody else could understand." Willow muttered. Anastasia looked at Raven, still in shock that he was so adamantly defending her. Maybe he was being sincere; maybe he did want her to win? Raven was a complicated guy to say the least, but underneath it all was a good person. He just had a funny way of going about showing it. Anastasia placed a gentle hand on Raven's arm, smiling at him for the first time in days. Raven looked at his partner, smiling when he saw her smiling. Raven wouldn't lie and say he wasn't terrified of dying, he knew what came afterwards. Darkness, and only that. There was nothing waiting for him once he died, this was it. That fear though didn't dissuade him though, he knew that what he was doing was the right thing. Anastasia would be a revolutionary Victor, a thirteen year old who won without killing and by the goodwill of others. Anastasia would be a figure for all of Panem to rally behind, to believe in and support. The Districts would love her and the Capitol would despise her. Willow looked at the District pair with eyebrows raised. "What the fuck is this?" she shouted out. "Some weird pedophile shit?" The partners looked at Willow with determined rage, raising their weapons to her once more. Willow smiled again, happy that the attention was back on her. "If you do manage to kill me, what makes you think that Gamemakers will allow you to kill yourself, Ray?" Willow asked. "They could just send the Valkyrie out here and kill Annie before you had the chance to kill yourself!" The District pair was confused. "The Valkyrie?" Raven asked. "You haven't met them?" Willow asked shocked. "They're the undead fuckers who are running around the arena! You know, big claws and teeth, stapled on faces!" Anastasia gasped, "Willa and Tianora!" she said. "So they're Valkyrie too? Doesn't surprise me. I came across ginger bitch yesterday, she looked better than when she was alive." Willow mocked. "At any rate, I think they all came from the Cornucopia area since it's creepy as shit over there. There are a bunch of odd statues there..." Willow drifted off, sighing to herself. "You know what, I'm tired of this shit. I've been in here for ten days surviving. I've killed four tributes, four tributes! Do you realize how impressive that is? Careers only get that kind of kill amount!" Willow laughed, lost in happiness. "Now only you two stand in my way of getting out of here, and let me tell you guys how happy I am that it is you two." "You're not leaving her alive." Raven responded. "How adorable it is that you think I'm not." Willow responded. "Enough talk, there's a lot of people watching who want their Victor, and who are we to deny them one?" Raven held firm, awaiting Willow to attack him first. She was armed with an axe and a knife on her side, though the shield he carried gave him an advantage on defense. Willow would no doubt be harsh with her attacks, but Raven knew he could deal with her. He pushed Anastasia behind him, putting himself in between Willow and her. Raven breathed in deeply and exhaled sharply, gathering his thoughts and courage. He could do this. Willow smiled, raising her axe in a threatening posture. "Let's have some fun." Willow said lightly. Then she charged Raven. Raven expected her to go on the offensive first, and raised his shield in front of him for defense. Anastasia backed up further to give Raven room to maneuver, as Willow moved to the side in an effort to move around Raven's shield. With the full extent of her limbs, Willow swung her axe towards Raven's chest. Raven shifted his stance, blocking the axe with his shield easily. Steel rang against itself as Willow stumbled back, her hands and arms shaking uncomfortably from the recoil. Raven felt it too and grunted in discomfort as pain swept up his left arm. He didn't relent though as he charged forward with his shield raised, slamming it into Willow, who fell into the dirt hard. Raven charged forward and stabbed at Willow with his sword, whom expertly rolled out of the way in time. Willow kept rolling until she almost hit the water, gasping in shock when she felt it brush against her. Willow stood up quickly, raising her axe with her. She was quickly on the defensive as Raven charged her and swung out with his scimitar. Willow blocked and attempted to counter with her axe, but the combined effects of the recoil and Raven's shield made it almost impossible to land a hit. Willow disengaged and dodged to the side, barely missing another one of Raven's shield bashes. She backpedalled quickly, breathing heavily and contemplating her next move. Raven was a menace with that shield; he clearly didn't have a lot of experience with it be he was still milking it for everything it was worth. It was still a heavy shield though and Willow could tell that it was wearing him out based off the sweat and cries he made when using it. 'I could wait for him to tire and then attack.' Willow thought to herself, before looking to Anastasia. 'Or I could go about this another way.' Willow charged Raven once more, axe raised high like before. Raven readied himself for another bash attack on Willow, hoping his exhaustion didn't show through. He didn't know how many times he could keep using the shield offensively as his arm was pained from the vibrations the shield made when it made contact with something. All he thought about doing was using the shield to knock Willow down and