So some of you may or may not know but this story is not new. It was recently taken down by FanFic admin but I've gone back and adjusted the story so it fits their guidelines (which were followed but they still took it down!). Anyways, this is going up again as I spent a lot of time on it and like for it to be on this site for people to enjoy. For people reading for the first time, enjoy this 51 Chapter monstrosity which is about to be posted. For people who have read before, feel free to read again and favorite and/or review for the heck of it :) I DO NOT OWN THE HUNGER GAMES. ALL CREDIT GOES TO SUZANNE COLLINS. ANY CHARACTERS OR LOCATIONS OR PLOT LINES NOT FEATURED IN SUZANNE COLLINS STORY BELONG TO ME. ANY TRIBUTES SUBMITTED BY OTHER AUTHORS AND/OR REVIEWERS BELONG TO THEM AND WILL BE CREDITED. Prologue: A Reminder of Power When one is a leader of society, it is important to know how people in your society think. That way there can be no surprises. Surprises are the worst. They can lead to misinterpretations of actions, dissenting opinions, and outright rebellion. And now President Snow was faced with all three of those problems. All thanks to those damnable Hunger Games. The President understood the importance of the Hunger Games. Why, he was guilty of enjoying the Games when he was still a young boy. He enjoyed betting with his friends to see which tribute would win, die the worst possible way, or even which tribute was the most attractive. But the days of childhood innocence were gone for President Snow, and even then he was never truly 'innocent'. His former friends had left him, some from this world by his hand and others simply because of fear of his power. Snow had also come to truly understand the real purpose of the Games. And for the past two years they had failed to do their duty of keeping the Capital in power and the Districts cowering. Snow was prepared for the backlash from the 75th Games. As President, he already knew what the Quarter Quell would be before announcing it. Having knowledge of such things was expected of a President, he even knew what the 100th Games would be. When he first read the card that outlined the 75th Games he wondered what the original Gamemakers were thinking when they conceived the idea. Snow could certainly see the objective in the idea, being crowned Victor was official one way for the District Citizens to escape their miserable servant lifestyle. For the Capital to force Victors back into the arena sent a powerful message that nobody was truly free from the Capital, no doubt what the original Gamemakers wanted. That message though didn't help Snow disperse the thoughts of rebellion, which were brewing among the Districts after the 74th Games. Nor did it help his position in the Capital. The 75th Games had not been a popular Game on the home front; with citizens of the Capital feeling actual emotions of sadness and horror when they watched Victors they had come to love kill each other. The Bloodbath killed off most the drunks and addicts. Snow took some personal satisfaction in seeing District 12's victor Haymitch have his head split open by an axe from Cashmere, District 1's lovely female Victor. The irony of his death actually brought a smile to Snow's face, as he was sure Cashmere had done that on purpose. The Career alliance had been formed in short order, minus the two from District 4. It didn't surprise Snow that Finnick and Mags had not joined, Finnick hadn't participated been in Career alliance in his first Game and the Careers probably didn't even want Mags due to her age. Both of the District 4 Victors did quite well on their own, surrounding themselves with Johanna Mason from 7 and Beetee from 3 whose partner had drowned in the Bloodbath. Over the course of three days the Career alliance had hunted down the remaining tributes until there was only Finnick's small group left. It was a bloody battle when they came to blows, everything citizens of the Capital normally would be looking for. Mags hung back with Beetee while Finnick and Johanna took on the Careers. Johanna managed to kill Cashmere and wound her brother Gloss badly, but was stabbed in the neck by a knife and bled out. Finnick held out quite well against the remaining, taking down a wounded Gloss and skewing District 2's female Victor Enobaria with his signature trident. But the sheer physical power of Brutus from District 2 overwhelmed Finnick who died in a bloody fistfight with him. Beetee was killed shortly after and when Brutus snapped the neck of the elderly Mags, Snow could hear the wails of horror coming from the Capital Citizens. He had heard them before when the star-crossed lovers from District 12 had died; their death equally as traumatic on the Capital citizens as the Districts. To the Capital citizens it created a sense of guilt for not saving the young lovebirds and accepting the brutish District 2 boy Cato as their Victor. For the Districts it only deepened their hatred for the Capital and lead to a few rebellious acts from Districts 3, 5, 8, 11, and 12. All of the perpetrators were killed or detained in the Capital Prison, but the thought of rebellion never left the minds of the Districts. Snow knew that the rebels didn't have enough power to challenge him. They were scattered and in hiding, afraid to stand publicly behind their beliefs in fear of the very real punishment of death. He also knew that the Capital citizens would not challenge his authority, publicly at least. Snow had taken measures to insure his safety after the 75th Games, carrying around antidotes grown in his garden and doubling the security around his mansion, in the Capital and out in the countryside as well. It seemed silly but there had been attempts on his life for a lot less. And with so many fellow Capitalites feeling hurt, one of them might feel embolden enough to attempt assassination and be declared hero. Snow sighed and slowly lifted his teacup up to his lips. He drank slowly, enjoying the hot drink, which served as an elixir for his aging body. Snow had the best medicine to keep him alive and well but something about the simplicity of tea always enticed him. He sat in his study looking over reports from the Districts, official and non-official. He started to clean up his desk when he realized the time; he had a meeting with Head Gamemaker Seneca Crane for the 76th Hunger Games. When he finished clearing his desk he lounged back in his chair and waited patiently for Crane to walk in. Snow ran through his head all the possible scenarios of what could happen, or what would have happened, if he killed Seneca Crane. It would certainly please many people even though nobody would officially know Crane was dead. Capital Citizens always turn a blind eye when somebody disappears, knowing they lost the ever-changing game of Capital politics. But it was too problematic to kill Crane. The Head Gamemaker held a very important position in government, despite having no ruling power. They were responsible for the Games, the very tool used to inspire fear into the Districts and keep the citizens of the Capital docile. Head Gamemakers had to be thoroughly vetted before being allowed the position, a process that took several months since the last thing Snow wanted was somebody who was soft on the Districts. Sadly Snow had no other candidates who would truly be up for the task, so Crane was allowed to live. There was still an active search for a replacement on Snow's part that felt he had finally found a replacement for Crane. He was quite pleased to see him walk in with Crane. "Mr. President," Crane began, walking cautiously towards the President's desk with his head bowed, "It is truly an honor to meet with you again." "The honor is all mine Seneca." President Snow said, rising from his seat to shake Crane's hand. He turned to the man beside Crane. "May I ask you to introduce me to this young man with you?" President Snow asked, though he already knew everything about this man. "Of course, Mr. President! May I introduce Plutarch Heavensbee, the Assistant Head Gamemaker this year! He's quite the star among Gamemakers if I could be so bold to say." Snow had to agree with Crane's statement; Plutarch was certainly a star Gamemaker. He was relatively young for a citizen of the Capital and looked like he had fewer surgical changes than most citizens. Snow could respect that as he too had minimal surgical alterations to his body. The citizens of the Districts would fear somebody who looked more like them and not some diamond infused, multi-hair colored airhead. "Mr. President." Plutarch said, bowing his head slightly. "I'm afraid that Mr. Crane gives me too much credit." Snow smiled and extended his hand to Plutarch who shook it lightly. 'This man fears me.' Snow thought with satisfaction. "Mr. Heavensbee it is an honor to meet you. Please both of you sit." President Snow said, motioning to two chairs in front of his desk. Both men sat and Plutarch let out a moan of comfort. When he realized what he had done he looked at Snow with embarrassment. "Sorry sir. These chairs are just amazingly comfortable." Snow continued to smile, "It's perfectly alright to enjoy them. The chairs are carved from the finest wood from District 7 and the pillows sewn by the best in 8." "I wish that some day I might own such a comfortable chair." Crane remarked, smiling through his ridiculously flamboyant beard. Snow turned to Crane, whose smile disappeared under the President's stern look. "You have come here today to show me something Seneca." Snow said, getting straight to business. "Yes sir." Crane said, clearly nervous about the President addressing him by his first name and not Mr. Crane. "We have just completed the final version for the 76th Games and let me tell you sir it is quite the arena." Crane pulled out a pad and clicked some buttons, allowing a holographic image to appear on Snow's desk. The arena was large and filled with interesting mutations with an interesting arena location. Snow gave it the appropriate consideration before remarking, "This will not do." Crane and Heavensbee looked stunned, "S-sir?" Crane said meekly. "This arena will not do for the 76th Games." Snow said with no edge in his voice. Crane was already nervous and was easier to control that way. Plutarch however was bold. "Why is that sir?" he asked. Seneca shot Plutarch a look of fear and seemed to mentally be trying to tell his understudy to shut up. Snow glared at Plutarch who was trying his best to keep eye contact with the President, though eventually looked away. His was face red with embarrassment. Instead of becoming enraged like they expected, Snow replied calmly. "Because I have my own idea for an arena." Both of them now looked shocked, though Seneca recovered first and happily indulged the President on his idea. "And what idea is that sir?" Snow closed Seneca's hologram arena plan and pulled out his own, displaying it for the two Gamemakers. Both of them moved closer to look at the plan, no doubt surprised by the fact that their President had created such an impressive idea. "This will work I hope." Snow asked. "Of-Of course sir!" Crane said, happy to make the President happy. "We can start working on it right now and have it done just in time for the Games in six months." "Then get to work." Snow said calmly. Both of the