So one day I was surfing the internet, minding my own business when I suddenly came across a parody video that combined the horror of the video game Slender with crazy violence of the Hunger Games. I couldn't help but feel inspired from this, and thus the Slender Games were born! Just to clear up a few things: 1.) This story is the 100th Hunger Games, or the Fourth Quarter Quell, so for this universe's sake the rebellion never happened. Unlike my other story (The 76th Hunger Games - The Haunted) I will not be doing as much background about what happened during the earlier Games or why the rebellion didn't happen. All that you guys need to know is that it didn't happen and the abomination known as the Hunger Games is still happening. 2.) This is by nature a horror story along with Hunger Games action, so expect more disturbing scenes then your usual Hunger Games violence. 3.) My inspiration came from a video done by the How It Should Have Ended group. They do some pretty funny stuff and mainly focus on creating alternate endings to movies. Their ending for the Hunger Games is also pretty good. If you want to check out the link (which I highly suggest you do) go to my profile and find it under Fan Service . I DO NOT OWN THE HUNGER GAMES, ALL CREDIT GOES TO SUZANNE COLLINS. I ALSO DO NOT OWN SLENDER MAN OR ANY CONTENT RELATED TO SLENDER THE GAME OR SLENDER MAN. I DO OWN ANY CHARACTERS NOT FEATURED IN EITHER MEDIA AND ALL IDEAS FEATURED IN THIS STORY ARE MY OWN. The Slender Games Chapter 1 The Swan Song Day 1 When sixteen year old Ian of District 12 opened his eyes to the arena, he was stunned at what he saw. There was no cornucopia. There were no other tributes in sight. He was standing on his metal plate in the middle of a dense forest. The surrounding area was serene and smelled of alpine and dirt, similar to the smell one got near the electric fence on the outskirts of the District border. The sky above was painted orange, yellow, and red, giving Ian the impression that it was either sunrise or sunset arena time. To say this wasn't what Ian was expecting from the Fourth Quarter Quell would be a bit of an understatement. Slowly, Ian moved off his plate and stepped onto the dirt ground of the forest. Leaves and branches crunched underneath his boots and in the distance, Ian thought he could hear birds chirping. He was also met with a sense of relief mixed with confusion. For ninety-nine Hunger Games there was always a Cornucopia to supply weapons and supplies for the tributes, now there wasn't any. It had been Ian's plan to run in, grab some supplies, and then sprint away as quickly as possible. Now he wasn't quite sure what to do. Suddenly Ian heard the sound of crunching and he knew that there was someone nearby. Noticing some bushes, Ian ducked behind them, trying to keep his body as small as possible. The crunching became louder as the person got closer, but at the same time Ian could tell that each step was tentative and made cautiously. Next to him, Ian spotted a sturdy branch and grabbed it to use as a weapon. While reaching for it, he had inadvertently created more noise that alerted the person of his presence. Ian hoped that the person would start moving away, but instead the steps became louder as the person walked towards the bush Ian was hiding behind. Panic swept through him as the prospect of fighting somebody seemed to be becoming realer by the minute. What an idiot he had been, thinking that the Gamemakers would simply let him walk off his plate without anytime trouble. Well if they wanted a fight Ian would give it to them. He wasn't going down quietly. Mustering all the courage he had, Ian jumped from behind his bush and raised the branch in attack position. He shouted out as he faced his attacker, who screamed and fell to the forest floor while throwing up her arms as protection. Ian stopped himself though when he noticed who the girl was. "Maggie?" He said, relief in his voice. From the ground the sixteen year old, merchant class girl from District 12 looked up at the Seam boy. Her blue eyes were filled with fear but quickly changed to happiness when she saw him. "Ian!" Maggie shouted, launching herself from the ground and into an embrace with her District partner. Both of them broke apart and Maggie pushed her blonde curls out of her face and looked around. Ian smiled, looking around as well. "So this is the Quarter Quell? It's kind of peaceful." he stated. Maggie smiled, her teeth white compared to Ian's stained teeth, which couldn't be helped regardless of Capitol cosmetics. "It actually is though. Do you think their getting lazy and just repeating the 50th Hunger Games?" "Let's hope so." Ian said, "That way District 12 will have a victor." Maggie smiled politely but he could tell he had said something wrong. He then realized that the 50th Games was won by a male tribute from District 12. "I didn't mean that I would win or anything-" Ian said, trying to correct himself. "Oh don't worry, I know that!" Maggie said, not wanting Ian to feel bad. It wasn't like she felt she had an actual chance at winning anyways. She had lived a rather comfortable life back in District 12 compared to what Ian must have gone through. She knew he only had his hard working father as family with barely enough to eat every week, while her family always had food even with three older siblings. An awkward silence fell over the two as they took a few steps away from each other, hoping the distance would some how fix the situation. When it didn't, Ian decided to talk. "So it looks like we're a team for now." Maggie smiled, "I thought we were always going to be a team." Ian cursed himself for putting himself in another awkward position. His discomfort made Maggie laugh, "Don't worry, I was only teasing you that time." Ian laughed uneasily but later was laughing full heartily with Maggie. He remembered how he had first assumed she was just another merchant class snob. Over the past few days though, Maggie had proven that she was hard working, tough spirited, and more than able to take care of herself. They had bonded quickly and Ian was glad that they were a team. "I think sundown is coming soon." she remarked. "Why do you say that?" Ian asked. "Well for starters the sun is setting if you look at it." Maggie said, smiling slightly at Ian's look of embarrassment, "But also we have flashlights around our belts." Ian looked down, completely forgetting about the flashlight that his stylist had attached to his side as he stepped in the tube. 'You'll be needing this.' she said before kissing him on the cheek and wishing him luck. Ian grabbed the flashlight from his waist, surprised by the light weight of it. It was an older flashlight, rather primitive to the ones used by the coal miners back in District 12. It would get the job done though, so long as it didn't run out of battery. "Hopefully we'll have a bright moon too." Ian said. "Let's hope." Maggie said. "Should we try walking around?" Ian said, "Maybe see what the rest of the arena is like?" "I suppose." Maggie said, eyeing Ian's branch in his hand. "Are there anymore branches lying around?" Ian smiled and ran back behind the bush and grabbed another branch. It wasn't as strong as Ian's so he gave his to Maggie and took the weaker one. Maggie smiled, "Such a gentlemen." she said. Ian smiled too, bowing in a mocking fashion, and pointing to the forest expanse in front of them. "Ladies first." he said. Maggie did a curtsy and started walking ahead with Ian right by her side. They were an odd team to say the least, the Merchant girl and the poor Seam boy. Yet both of them were united in their agreed goal that superseded all other feelings and goals they may have. One of them had to win for District 12, no matter the cost. On the other side of the arena, a twelve year old girl was in tears. The small dark skinned girl of District 10 was knelling on her plate, her arms lying limply at her sides as her face was cast upward, basking in the glow of the fading sunlight. Tears were flowing freely down her face, followed by fits of laughter that were interrupted frequently by gasps for breath. Faith was not going to die in the Bloodbath because there was no Bloodbath! This idea captivated Faith as she continued to cry and laugh at her good luck. Everybody thought that she was going to be a bloodbath, going to die from being on the receiving end of a Career's sword or simply by falling off her plate and blowing up. She could see it in everybody's eyes which was always in the form of pity. It was the same look that her parents gave her when they came to say goodbye, the same look her school friends gave her, the same look that her escort and mentor and fellow tributes gave her. Even during the interviews it was brought up. 'I don't think my age will be that big of an issue.' Faith protested, her voice breaking. 'Just because I'm young doesn't mean that I can't win.' In front of her some citizens of the Capitol were laughing, though it wasn't encouraging laughter. They all looked at her with doubtful eyes while a few meaner ones had eyes that told her that she was wrong and going to die. There were a few people who looked at her sadly but meant nothing. Why weren't they this mean to the girl from District 7 who was also twelve? Faith wanted to cry but her escort had strictly told her not to. 'Nobody wants to sponsor a cry baby.' she had told Faith in a strict tone, pointing a finger at her face which made Faith fear that her elongated fingernail might stab her in the eye. In the very front row Faith could hear Capitolites betting on her. Betting on the exact minute she would die in the Bloodbath. Faith then began to cry as the buzzer went off and she slumped back to her seat, nobody in the crowd clapping or cheering for her. Remembering that horrible memory, Faith began to laugh louder. "You see this Capitol!" She shouted out, throwing her fist up in the air. "I'm not dead! I'm not DEAD!" "Faith?" A voice said behind her. Faith gasped and spun around, fearing that some tribute had found her and was about to kill her. When she saw who it was, her face lit up as she jumped from the plate and ran towards the figure. "Jared!" She called out, throwing herself into his arms. Jared, Faith's eighteen year old district partner, returned the hug with his big arms enveloping her. "There isn't a Bloodbath!" Faith breathed into his arms. "I'm still alive!" "I know," Jared said, pulling away from Faith to look her in the eye. "But you would have survived it anyway." Faith laughed, Jared was always looking for ways to cheer her up. He always made her feel better about herself and actually gave her confidence. "You're so nice to me." Faith said. "And I'll continue to be." Jared said, "Nobody is going to hurt you when I'm around." Faith hugged him again, crying again. He was so nice, but at the same time she