Chapter 1 Jasper "Honey?" I closed the book and looked down at my beautiful wife. She pulled herself up into a sitting position and rubbed her eyes sleepily. "Is everything okay, darlin'?" I asked, stroking her hair. "Strange dream," She murmured. "Do you want to tell me about it?" She shook her head. "The details are a little fuzzy." She looked at the clock, surprised. "Did Abby actually sleep through the night?" I shook my head, sheepishly. "She woke up a few times." I admitted. "It wasn't any trouble. She had a nightmare." "Why didn't you wake me up?" She pouted. "Because you were exhausted and I wanted to let you sleep." I kissed the top of her head as she nestled into my neck. My cold skin barely had an effect on her anymore. "Thank you. I really needed that." I chuckled, wrapping my arms around her. "I know you did." A loud crash from downstairs alerted me to the twins. They were arguing over what to make. Bella rolled her eyes and sat up. "Looks like the twins are awake." She worked to get out of my arms but I held her tighter against me. "No." "Jasper, we need to get up. Who knows what kind of mess the twins will get into?" Bella said, peering up at me with those chocolate brown orbs. "Five more minutes," I held her tighter. She chuckled but made no move to get out. Before too long, the door opened and Abby walked to the bed. "Mama?" Bella raised her head from my chest and smiled at Abby. "Good morning Baby. Did you sleep well?" She shook her head and held out her arms to be helped up. I smiled and helped her up, putting her in between us. "Did Daddy make you feel better?" She asked, tickling Abby. Her happiness rolled off her in waves. I soaked it all up. Abby nodded. "Would my two girls like breakfast?" I asked, alerted by the confrontation going on downstairs. I knew I needed to get down there before one or both of the twins wound up in the hospital. "Mm, do we get breakfast in bed, Daddy?" Bella asked seductively. My dick twitched. "Absolutely," I leaned over Abby to kiss Bella on the lips. A promise for later. She got the message. I smirked and kissed Abby's forehead. As I walked downstairs, I heard: "Stop it! You're going to ruin everything!" Sophie hissed. "Pfft. You're getting the measurements wrong." Trevor grumbled back. "It's going to be too sweet." "What do you know about cooking?" "More than you!" Sophie was holding a knife and I knew I needed to defuse the situation before something went wrong. "Good morning," The swivelled around in shock. "DAD!" Sophie shouted. "You scared the crap outta me." "If you weren't so loud, you would have heard me coming." "That's impossible." Trevor said. "No one can hear you coming." I rolled my eyes. "I actually made noise." I walked over to the counter. "What are you too doing, anyway? What happened to the poor eggs?" I stared at the red liquid in the pan. "We were trying to make Mom breakfast." "I can see that." I said. "You do know you're not supposed to put the ketchup on until after the eggs are done, right?" I may not eat food but even I know that. She blinked and blushed bright red while Trevor snickered. "I told you." "Oh shut up. " Sophie snapped. "How about I make breakfast? I have two hungry ladies waiting upstairs." "Abby's awake?" Trevor asked. "Oops." I chuckled. "Why don't you two leave before you set the kitchen on fire? I will finish making breakfast." I offered. They nodded and walked away, feeling sorry for themselves. I tossed the eggs in the garbage and started again as the coffee started brewing. Abby and Bella came downstairs. I frowned at her. She shrugged and put Abby in her high chair. "I heard what happened with the twins. I thought I'd come down here and see how you were doing." She said as she poured coffee into a mug. "How bad was it?" "Let's just say the eggs were red." She shook her head as her love enveloped me. "Honestly, those two need a cooking lesson." Bella cut up a banana and put some in a bowl along with some cheerios for Abby. "Thank you, Mama." "You're very welcome, baby doll." My cell phone rang, startling us. Bella stared at it for a long moment before turning to look at me. She was alarmed. I couldn't blame her. The cell phone rarely rang. "It's probably nothing, Bella." I needed to calm her down before she started having a panic attack. "It'll all be okay." The phone went silent before it started ringing almost immediately. "That doesn't sound like nothing, Jasper." I had to agree. "I'll be right back." I kissed Bella's forehead, grabbed the phone and went outside. Bella "Mom?" Sophie called from the living room. "Is something wrong?" She asked when she came inside. I was chewing on my lip, watching Jasper's back. He was tense. Whatever he was talking about wasn't a good thing. "Mom?" A hand blurred my vision and I turned, blinking. Sophie was standing there, looking at me in concern. "Is everything okay?" "Fine," I squeaked. "Where's Dad?" Trevor asked. "He's on the phone. He'll be inside soon." The twins exchanged glances but thankfully, they didn't say anything. I was getting anxious. When Jasper didn't come back inside, I gave up and took Abby upstairs to give her a bath. She was staring at me with those huge blue eyes and I sighed. "I think Mama's going to have a heart attack." She clapped her hands, watching as the bubbles flew away. She giggled, amused. What it must be like to be a child. So innocent. By the time I finished washing her, I was soaked but at least a little more relaxed. I pulled her out of the water, dried her off and went to get her changed. Jasper was in the kitchen when we came back down again. He looked worried. As soon as he saw me, he forced a smile but I wasn't buying it. "We need to talk." He sighed and nodded. "Sophie, why don't you and Trevor take Abby to the park? Your mother and I need to talk about something." Trevor poked his head inside, looking between the two of us as Sophie took Abby from my arms. "Is everything okay?" He asked. "We're not in trouble, are we?" "No, Trevor. This has nothing to do with you." "That's good." He walked to the door and pulled on his shoes as Sophie and Abby followed behind him. When the door closed shut, Jasper had me pinned to the wall. He pressed his body against mine, anxiously. "Jasper," I moaned as his hand slid up my thigh and under my shirt. "Baby, we need to talk... oh, God..." I trailed off as he pulled my panties down and thrust his fingers into my wet slit. I dug my fingers into his marble skin, moaning. He pumped into my faster and harder until I was gasping. "Cum for me, darlin'," Jasper whispered, his cool breath making me shiver. I exploded, shouting his name. He pulled his fingers out of me and licked my juices off his fingers. "God, you taste exquisite." I panted as I slowly came down from my high. "Jasper, what happened?" I asked, cupping his face between my hands. He rested his forehead against mine. "I want you, Bella." I frowned and placed a hand under his chin, tilting his head up so I could look him in the eye. His gold eyes burned with desire and need. "Jasper, what's wrong?" I asked again. He stared at me for several minutes before he pulled away, gripping his phone tightly in his hand. "Bella, it's not good." When he turned back to face me, his eyes burned with regret. "It's not good at all." Jasper I took a slow, even breath before answering the phone. "Hello?" " Jasper, it's Carlisle. I know I promised not to call unless it was important, but this is important." "What's wrong?" " We need you to come home, son. We have some issues that we need your assistances with." "What kind of issues, Carlisle? I can't exactly up and leave. I have responsibilities." None of the Cullens knew anything about Bella. Bella and I have had a number of arguments regarding the Cullens but in the end, we always came to an impasse. Neither of us was willing to back down and Bella was stubborn enough to fight me on this. " I know, and usually I wouldn't call but this is important." I frowned, holding the phone tightly. "You're going to have to be a little more specific about this Carlisle. I need to know what I'm heading into before I can consider coming back." " It's the Volturi." I stiffened almost immediately. "What about the Volturi?" " They've run across something they find very interesting. They're coming here in less than two months. We need you here, Jasper. Despite what happened, you are still a part of this family and we are stronger only with you here." "I'll call you back." I snapped my phone shut and looked through the glass doors. Bella and Abby were gone but I could hear the water turning on upstairs. I ran a hand through my hair and closed my eyes, mentally and emotionally preparing myself for what's about to go down. The kids needed to leave, I realized. I needed to talk to Bella alone without the children in the house. I winced at the possibility of what Bella will react to. There was so much of my past that she didn't know about. I didn't keep it from her because I wanted to. I tried to forget about this part of my life. It was too painful to talk about. I walked inside when I heard Bella coming down the stairs with Abby. She was humming a lullaby she used to sing to help Abby sleep at night. I forced a smile when she looked at me. She didn't buy it, not that I expected her to. She was too perceptive for her own good. "We need to talk." She said. With a sigh, I nodded and called to the twins. "Sophie, why don't you and Trevor take Abby to the park? Your mother and I need to talk about something." I waited as the three of them left. My desire to be with her before she got angry at me overtook me and I pinned her against the wall, pressing against her as I slid my hand up her thighs. I felt her warmth through her panties and nearly groaned. God, how I loved this woman. She was everything to me. Pushing the fabric down, I thrust my fingers into her wet slit, groaning at the exquisite feeling. I didn't hear a thing she said. All I could focus on was how much I wanted her. "Cum for me, darlin'," I whispered. Her walls tightened around my fingers and she came hard. I slowly pulled my fingers out of her, licking her juices from my fingers. "Mm, you taste exquisite." "Jasper, what happened?" Bella cupped my face in her hands. I rested my forehead against hers. "I want you, Bella." She tilted my face up so I was looking into her eyes. Concern was the only thing I could feel from her. "Jasper, what's wrong?" I stared at her for a while before turning away, clenching the phone tightly. "Bella, it's not good." I look over at her. "It's not good at all." "What's not good, Jasper?" She whispered. "Talk to me." I led her to the living room and she sat down. I was too anxious to sit beside