A/N: Twilight is Meyer's. No copyright infringement intended. Thanks for reading, and for reviewing. I wrote this for a friend upon her request in an effort to help her smile when she needed to. I hope it makes you smile, too. BPOV "Once upon a time, in a faraway land, the sun rose and bathed the Earth in light." When I paused, Jacob stared at me expectantly. "And?" I frowned. "And what? There's your fairy tale." My best friend glanced out the window, observing yet another rainy Forks morning, and nodded. "Ah. Good story." I sighed and poked absently at the eggs scrambling in the pan on the stove. It was a good fairy tale, because it always rained in Washington. I wasn't sure why they bothered to have a weather segment on the news. Paying a meteorologist seemed like a waste of money. Although I supposed they had to have someone to calculate the rainfall totals and to hit "copy/paste" on the forecast models. Sometimes I really missed Phoenix. Today was turning out to be one of those days, and it was only seven-thirty in the morning. The microwave beeped, and I reached over to pop open the door. Beside me, Jake turned away from the window to lean back against the counter, crossing his ridiculously long legs at the ankle. I smacked his hand when he tried to snag a piece of bacon from the tray I set on an empty burner. When he opened his mouth to protest, a high-pitched voice reminiscent of pink bubble gum and pigtails screeched, "Isabella Marie Swan!" Jake and I both cringed, but I added a few choice expletives under my breath when I dropped my spatula in the eggs. As I plucked it back out, Jake glanced toward the dining room. "Well, the leech is awake." "And demanding her breakfast," I muttered, wiping the spatula's handle on the dishcloth. Yeah, I thought as I cleaned away egg goop, I really missed Phoenix. And my mom. But I couldn't go back. My mom wasn't in Phoenix anymore. She was in Florida with her new husband, Phil the Minor Leaguer. And since her wedding a little over a year ago, I'd been living in the anti-Phoenix with Charlie, my father, whom she had divorced when I was a baby and whom I had barely known until I'd moved in with him. The move to Forks had been my decision. I'd thought it was only fair to live with Charlie during my last two years of high school to allow Mom the freedom she needed to travel with Phil. And despite my aversion to his location, living with my father hadn't been that bad in the beginning. We'd discovered we were a lot alike, both introverted and independent, and we'd settled into a comfortable routine. We'd even grown close in our own way. Then he'd met and – for some reason unknown even to him, I think – married Victoria at the beginning of my senior year. She was the devil. Her fraternal twins Jessica and Lauren were hell spawn. And Charlie and I were so busy trying to avoid them that we rarely saw each other anymore. Through it all, I never forgot that it had been and still was my choice to live in Forks. I had the option to move to Florida with my mother at any time, which Victoria would love, but I couldn't do. I couldn't tie my mom down again when she was so happy with Phil. But that didn't mean I didn't regret it sometimes. Like now. As though he had read my mind, Jake commented, "I don't understand why you stay here. You should go live with your mom and Phil." I kept my gaze carefully locked on the utensil in my hand. "They're talking about moving again," I told him. "I thought they were settled." "The team didn't work out. Phil thinks he may take a coaching job in Sarasota." I shrugged as I scooped eggs onto plates. "Besides, it's only a few more months until graduation. Then I'm out of here." "And until then you just get treated like Cinderbella?" Jake's voice was a low growl. I didn't look up to see his expression. I'd seen the overprotective fury before. "That's not right, Bells." "I can handle it." "I'd love to see what Charlie would say if he ever saw how she treated you." "That won't happen." I shrugged. "She's too good at evasion. And I'm not telling him. I can't do that to him. And she'd send me to Florida. I'm not—" " BELLA!" I winced as my name shook the house. "I'll be right back." Before he could respond, I grabbed the three plates of eggs and bacon and hurried out of the kitchen. Victoria and her spawn were sitting at the dining room table when I came in. My stepmother was still in her robe, her wild, artificially flame-colored hair piled on the top of her head in a messy bun. She didn't look up as I slid her plate in front of her. "You're running behind this morning," she accused disinterestedly, flipping the page of her gossip magazine. "Sorry," I muttered, moving around the table to give my stepsisters their plates. Jessica sneered. The expression always looked odd under her insanely curly hair, giving her the appearance of a demonic doll. "It's because your little boyfriend's in the kitchen, isn't it." I shot her a glare but didn't respond. All three of them knew that Jacob was like my brother, but Jessica in particular enjoyed goading me about him, especially since he was sixteen , a whole year younger than my stepsisters and I. Thankfully, Lauren wasn't as entertained. "He's always in the kitchen, Jessica," she said. "You know what happens when you feed stray dogs." I slammed Lauren's plate down in front of her. She glared at me briefly before looking down at her food. Then she glowered up at me again. " Eggs ? Really, Bella?" "We're out of crème brulee," I told her stiffly. For a moment she considered retaliating. Then she decided to dismiss me with a flip of her long corn silk hair. "Jess," she began, turning to her sister. Because of their five-inch height difference, she had to slouch a little to avoid the attack of the killer curls and actually look Jessica in the eye. "Did you see that email from Bree?" "About…" Jessica's expression turned reverent, and I knew where this was going before she even whispered the words. "Edward Cullen?" I bit back a groan and headed for the kitchen. Behind me, I heard Lauren sighing, "Yes," and it took all I had not to sigh myself – in annoyance. Our school didn't have the requisite really hot guy all the girls fawned over, so we had to borrow one from another town. Edward Cullen was the lucky chosen one. He was a senior from a private school in Port Angeles whose father "happened" to be an extremely successful doctor. Like almost every girl in our corner of Washington, my stepsisters were obsessed with him. I heard more about him and his "dreamy bronze hair" and "gorgeous green eyes" than I could stand. Every day there was some new report about him riding around in his stupid silver Volvo or playing baseball at the park. He had more followers than Robert Pattinson. It was sickening. And I had to hear all about it unless I managed to escape the room fast enough. Sometimes it was all I could do not to run screaming at the sound of his name. In the kitchen, a much calmer Jacob was waiting for me, a piece of bacon in his hand and an amused look on his face. "I heard the name Edward Cullen and figured you'd be back pretty quick." "They got another Bree-mail," I muttered. "Ah." Jake shuddered and took another bite of bacon. Even though he was Quileuete and lived and went to school on the reservation in La Push, fifteen minutes from Forks, he didn't need an explanation. Jessica and Lauren's friend Bree was infamous throughout a fifty-mile radius for her stalker-quality emails about everything Edward Cullen. "What did he do this time? Finally comb his hair?" I snickered. "I think that would upset them more than anything. They love his 'tousled Adonis' look." I grabbed two glasses of juice and a mug of coffee. "I'll let you know in a second." When I took the drinks into the dining room, Victoria had joined the conversation. "—single father," she was saying. "Men can't raise teenagers by themselves." She watched me place the coffee in front of her. "Just look at how Bella was before I married her father." Grinding my teeth, I put the juice on the table and turned to leave. "You're so right, Mom," Lauren replied pointedly. "You gave dear Bella a purpose." I was frowning darkly when I entered the kitchen again. Jacob grinned at me from the breakfast he'd gathered for himself. "You make the most amazing food," he commented, shoveling a forkful of eggs into his mouth. My frown melted a little. "You are such a guy," I teased. I grabbed a piece of bacon from his plate and nibbled on it. "You know, Victoria would have married Dr. Cullen if she'd had the chance." "Edward's dad? Of course she would have. Half of Washington would." Jacob shrugged. "He's rich." "That's why all the girls love Edward." Jacob fluttered his eyelashes. "That, and he's so hot ," he mimicked. I laughed and shoved him. "Really, though. The only reason she married my dad is that he was convenient." Victoria's house had been foreclosed, leaving her essentially a nomad. My father, the chief of police, was the first single man she met when he dealt with some of her legal issues. She was conniving, and he felt bad for her – and wanted a mom for me. It hadn't taken her long to move in with us. Jacob was silent a moment. "When did your dad leave this morning?" "I don't think he came home last night." I toyed with the bracelet on my left wrist, fingering the single charm that dangled from the silver links. Jacob had carved the small wolf – a symbol of his tribe – out of reddish brown wood and given me the bracelet for my last birthday. I wore it every day; the charm was as soothing to me as Jake's presence. "He says he's working some case, but I think he just sleeps at the station," I added quietly, still fiddling with the charm. Jacob noticed my nervous motions, but he didn't comment. "Can't say I blame him," he said instead, shooting a wrinkled-nose look toward the dining room. I tried to smile, but it faltered. "I miss him." Jake looked sympathetic as he slung an arm around my shoulders. We ate breakfast in a companionable silence, standing at the counter and sharing a plate. When we finished, I cleaned up the kitchen and dining room and waited until Jessica and Lauren had sauntered out in their short skirts and tight sweaters, huffing and swearing about the rain messing up their hair. Then I grabbed my jacket and followed Jake out the front door. My faded red '53 Chevy pickup was parked along the curb. Charlie had bought it for me when I'd first moved to Forks. I adored it. My stepsisters despised it. The best thing about my stepsisters was that they were too snobby to be seen riding in my truck. So they left it alone, and it was all mine, just as their used BMW was all theirs. I paused beside the cab of the truck to squint through the rain at Jacob. He was about to climb into the old VW Rabbit he had rebuilt last summer. Its faded red paint was newer than my truck's,