Beta reading is now complete... Best wishes to, and all hail Lindalea!! This not for profit work is purely for my my own amusement and that of my readers. I make no money from it and only hope to receive reviews and the pleasure of the company of my friends who dwell in Middle Earth. Everything but the story belongs to Tolkien, New Line, PJ, ETC. Summary: Sometimes adults have a lot to learn from little ones. And sometimes little ones are not the only ones who work a bit of mischief! Sons Of by Pipkin Sweetgrass Of all the children on our little voyage the only one who is completely without complaint is the son of the Ernil i Pheriannath . Well, there is Elboron as well, but that is only because the child seems to be the cause of it so easily. I cannot but heave a sigh at this last thought, even as poor Éowyn heaves something a bit more substantial than a sigh over a leeward rail. No stomach has she for even the smallest and sweetest of estuaries, I fear, much less the open sea, though little help is Elboron to his mother. "Poor Mother," he says sadly as she heaves yet again, and turns to speak to Faramir Took, the young halfling named after my cousin. "See that, Faro? And she did not even have any greens today! Do you know why they call this the poop deck? You do? I remember this one time that I used it… Why, you could still see my carrots in it as it washed out to sea. When they came out they looked just like they did when they went in, one could not even tell I had chewed them! Also, there was the time I ate too many pears and I did not have time—" " Elboron!" My tone is rather harsh, but poor Éowyn has renewed her heaving with enough vigor to turn her inside out, poor thing. In truth, Elboron has been visiting every little imp within him upon her this month of Urimë . The Tookling takes Elboron by the elbow and leads him a little away, pointing to a school of fish leaping from wave to wave, in an effort to distract him from making any further observations. Though the young halfling is smaller, he is older than either Elboron or Elfwine, and somehow closer to the earth and perhaps more straightforward for it. This trait he shares with the son of Master Holdwine, Theomac his name is, though after the manner of their kind his lovely name is shortened to a friendly "Theo". There are other halfling youngsters here as well. The son of Samwise Gamgee, named for the Ringbearer is in attendance as well as his older sister Elanor, as lovely a little thing as the most perfect seedling pearl. "Come, Elboron, Elfwine," says Faro, "Theo and I have never been on such a wonderful voyage. You must tell us all about the parts of the ship. And what kinds of birds are those? And why are those fish flying through the air from wave to wave? And why do some of the deck-hands wear eye-patches and then switch them to the other eye when they go below-decks?" My Elfwine helps lead little Elboron to the starboard bow. Now I can go to Éowyn and help her to a bench. I send one of our ladies to the galley after a bowl of water and a cooling cloth to soothe her, poor thing, for she is yet whiter than her normal pale color. Elboron is something more than she can manage today. Unfortunately Elboron seems to actually draw strength from the sea as much as the sea saps strength from his mother. And having friends with him sometimes does not bring out the best in him. He forgets himself. He forgets that he cannot be just a little boy, but must behave as befits a young prince. Éowyn has been ill all morning. My cousin, Lord Faramir, had taken ship the previous week to meet with the King and my Éomer, who are riding to meet us all from beyond Umbar. Both Faramir's ship and ours will arrive at the island of Tol Anfalas, and there we shall meet my Éomer and our King Elessar. Years have passed since the end of the Ring War, yet many are the enemies of the King. Well do I know how Faramir chafes to fight beside Éomer and his King, yet he must remain at home along with my father to keep safe our lands while my King and my Lord are away. Certain I am that some of Elboron's behavior stems from this. He is a Húrin, after all, and it rankles his very blood, I am sure. He knows his father wants to fight for the King with a knowing he was somehow born with. Such is the burden of his blood, I fear. Yet my poor Elfwine would do anything to stand in his shoes, he misses his father so. One little one misses his father, the other stings because his father cannot go to war. Ah, me! Thus it is, and thus it shall always be and so I must advise poor Éowyn. I take the bowl of cool water from the young lady as she comes from the galley. Sitting beside Éowyn, I wring the cloth and dab at Éowyn's temples, then lay the cool cloth along her slim neck to soothe her sickness. "Oh, why must he be so difficult sometimes," Éowyn moans. "He is only excited that his 'knights' are here, and that he is taking them on their first sea-voyage. And you know what effect the sea has upon him." "Sometimes I simply do not know what to say to the boy," she says. "Even with Éomer, I had at least some control! After all, I am wife to the regent of Ithilien, commanding Hall and Home! The Lady of the Shield-Arm they call me! Yet Elboron can sometimes get me into such a state!" I can only pull her close, thinking of the songs that tell of her valor, this Lady who rode as a young man named Dernhelm, Master Holdwine fighting at her side, slaying that foul creature, Captain of the Dark Lord, and yet none would sing of the battle she wages in this moment. I let her rest her head on my shoulder. "I know," I say. "Y—you do?" "Well, yes," I say softly. "He is very like his father and his uncle, you know. They were much the same, until Finduilas died. It's the Húrin blood, as you know. Also, you must remember, they have elven blood on their mother's side as well, and have passed it on to Elboron. Sometimes such are born filled with a core of fire. It is not all bad! Remember well how the horses heed Elboron's bidding? And how the men already adore him? And how he loves his little wooden sword King Elessar gave him? And how even at his age, he has an understanding of duty? "...but in many ways he really is no different than any other little one, Éowyn. Has he had a nap today?" "Well, no, he has not," she says and sighs, as though she is well in need of a nap herself. "How do Merry and Pippin do it? How do they and their wives produce such well-behave little ones?" "I'm sure I don't know how to take that," says a familiar voice. I look up and see it is the very hobbit mentioned a breath ago. "Do you mean our children are well behaved?" Pippin adds. "Or just not caught at mischief yet? Or perhaps trying too hard?" Éowyn laughs now in spite of everything. Glad I am that the older halfings chose to remain behind instead of sailing forth with Faramir in the larger ship, which is the very image of this small one. They were at first ill at ease with the sailing of this lesser ship, but soon enough they have grown to appreciate it, if not to love it. This I can understand. These are folk of the earth and not of the sea. Little Frodo has come with them and seeks the other youngsters, while the pretty Elanor decides to sit with Éowyn. Tales I have heard told of this one, that she has been especially blessed, and by her looks one might find this easy to believe. She gazes calmly up at Éowyn, boldly touching Éowyn's mantle of pale blue. The little one smiles at Éowyn and wins a smile in return: such are the charms of this child of the Shire, this one known as Elanor the Fair, for fair she is. Now my friend seems calmer. She has lost her sickly pallor and seems much improved. Perhaps this Elanor is indeed a charmed one! But they are all charming, whether charmed or no, each and every one of these offspring, including my own, and for them was this small ship especially built. Well, for them in some respects, and I am reminded of this by my Elfwine as he tugs at my sleeve, having slipped away from his companions. I lean down so that he might whisper in my ear. "Elboron and I want to know when it will be time," he says, barely able to suppress his excitement. "Just as soon as we dock at Tol Anfalas," I whisper back. "Your father and the King will join us there along with Lord Faramir. Watch for the sea-birds! They shall hail our arrival, as well you know! It shan't be long now." "Thank you," Elfwine says with a quick embrace, wary of being caught at it by his friends. "Are we having the prawns with dragon's breath sauce for nuncheon?" "We are," I reassure him. "Good!" Elfwine gives me a large grin. "Elboron is boasting he can eat at least a hundred!" Merry and Pippin at table are always a sight to behold, but never have I beheld such wonders as hungry halfling youngsters! Where do they put it? And I had worried about the dragon's breath sauce being too hot for them, but I worried for nothing. They have taken to it like mother's milk! Elboron is doing his best to make good his boast of eating a hundred prawns, and the sauce has dripped down his chin and onto his fine linen shirt, staining the front in a fiery red near-perfect triangle. "I do wish Eldarion could have come," he says. "But he could not, nor could his mother the Queen. We mustn't have too many crowns in one basket, isn't that right, sir Peregrin?" "Very wise, my Lord," answers Pippin. "Tell me, where did you learn that bit of wisdom?" "Why, from Master Meriadoc!" "I shouldn't wonder," Pippin says. "Too many crowns in one basket indeed!" "But that is the truth of it, isn't it? Like the time I tried to carry too many puppies in one basket and I dropped some of them and they had to go to the stables, where the puppies have a house of healing all their own." "Poor puppies!" Elanor cries. "Poor puppies! Indeed, and my poor bum! And I could not play with the puppies again until they were three months old!" "Elboron, you shouldn't say bum in front of lasses!" Theo hisses. "You are a fine hobbit lass," Elboron, turning to Elanor, pronounces. "Shall you have an arranged marriage? May I arrange it? If I may, you shall marry Faro!" "Why, I have never heard of anything so perspicacious in all my life!" Elanor says, clearly outraged. " Elboron!" this time it Éowyn. And Éowyn is laughing—laughing until tears run down her cheeks. How good it is to see her laughing so. But what surprises me more than anything is when, just after a particularly amusing tale