This not-for-profit work claims no legal rights to characters not of my making, or to Middle Earth. That belongs to Tolkien, New Line and whoever else holds intellectual property. Only the plot is mine. And the snow-snipes; no such creature exists, but necessity is the mother of both invention and snow-snipes. Boromir's cradle song is from the soldier's song, "Forget Not the Field" by Thomas Moore, (1779-1852) He wrote these lyrics to the air The Lamentation of Aughrim. The Battle of Aughrim took place on July 12, 1691. The defeat of James' forces was the last battle of the Williamite War and led to the Treaty of Limerick that same year. Pippin's song is a well known English song written in 1833 by English songwriter and dramatist, Thomas Haynes Bayly. The Bath Song is, of course, Tolkien's. During World War II, American soldiers used Boromir's method of staying awake, but I don't recommend it for the obvious reasons. Many thanks to our lovely Marigold and Llinos for their beta. May your cyber-quills never dry up! Concerning the Curious Healing Properties of Soup "But I'm well enough to travel now!" Pippin protested. "I think not, young sir," Aragorn replied. "But, really, I feel much better now, I'm quite sure I'll be just——" Pippin's words caught in his throat as a rattling cough shook his slight frame. Aragorn only looked at him with one brow arched, as if to say see, I told you so! He opened his mouth to say something, but stopped as he felt Boromir give him a subtle nudge. The two men gave each other a brief glance, as though speaking wordlessly, and Aragorn walked a few paces away to converse with Gandalf: a future-King heeding the advice of his future-Steward. "Pippin, I doubt not that you mean well and are very brave in your desire to not be a burden or slow us down, but try to understand, to allow you to rush your recovery now could prove a terrible mistake," Boromir said quietly. "Another day or two shan't cause much of a delay. Try not to begrudge Aragorn his caution in this regard. He is a learned man, by all accounts, and surely knows his leech-craft." "Leech-craft!" Pippin snorted. "If only I had some of my mother's chicken soup, I'd soon be well enough." "You would know best in that regard," Boromir said. "But I do not think we shall find any plump hens in these parts for the remedy. Just try to be patient." "Just as well, Pippin," Merry said. He squatted by the small, smokeless fire to feed the flames with some good dry wood. "Not even Sam could make chicken soup quite like your mother's." "A statement I can finally agree with," Pippin grumbled. "And just so that you know, Boromir, the best chicken soup is made with a rooster, not a hen." Boromir's brows rose, partly in surprise, for Pippin had never spoken to him in such a manner, and partly in humour, for the same reason. A quick glance at Merry told Boromir that Pippin's response had struck Merry the same way, for he stifled his laughter behind his hand. "Now, why don't you just settle down and have yourself a nice nap?" Merry smiled encouragingly and nudged Pippin with a toe. Pippin sighed. All his life he had heard that: Pippin, why don't you just… Pippin, if you'll only… Pippin, do be a good lad and just… "Oh, all right," he said, rolling himself a little more tightly in his blanket, which, incidentally, did nothing to hide his bristling demeanour. Why did he have to get sick now , when they had only just managed to get down from Caradhras? "Pish!" he muttered. "Now, cousin, no need to resort to such a crude word," Merry corrected. Pippin rose on one elbow and glared. "Pish, pish, pish!" "If you are going to behave like that," Merry glared back, "I'll just have to see if Frodo can talk some sense into you." Pippin only snorted and rolled over again, but not before he shot a wary glace at the eldest hobbit, who stood chatting idly with Aragorn and Gandalf. Boromir gently tapped Merry's shoulder and gave him a surreptitious shake of the head, finger over his lips. He leaned in to whisper in Merry's ear. "I know what's wrong with him," he said. "He thinks he is being treated like a child. It will pass soon enough, when he has had the chance to prove a thing or two to himself. Let us instead take his mind off such concerns." "But Pippin is a child, Boromir," Merry whispered in turn. "Oh, but don't you see? He is child enough to not understand he is yet still a child, but also grown enough to take being treated in that manner as an insult," Boromir said. "I believe halflings are not so different than we men in that regard." Merry cocked his head as though weighing Boromir's words. Boromir smiled inwardly. Being an older brother, he understood completely Merry protecting his younger kin, even from the most well meant advice. After a moment, having seemingly decided to give Boromir's idea a try, Merry nodded, tapping the side of his nose. "When I was a boy, and had a cold," Boromir spoke a little more loudly now, "My nurse used to bring me chicken soup. I can almost smell it now, rich with the scent of rosemary. I can almost taste the pepper upon my tongue. I could do with a bit of that just now, myself." "Pippin's mum makes the most wonderful chicken soup," Merry said. "It is not to be missed, in fact, even if you don't have a cold." Pippin rolled back over, seemingly over his disgruntlement now. "How I would love to have some chicken soup," he sighed. "Why are there no wild chickens, I wonder…" "Perhaps a snipe would do," Legolas offered. "What if I could find a wisp of snow-snipes? Would that do?" "It won't be chicken, but it's as good as we'll get, I fancy," added Sam. "My old Gaffer used to call snipes upside-down chickens, on account of the dark meat's on the breasts and the white meat's on the legs. "Legolas, do you think you could find some?" Merry asked eagerly. "Snow-snipe do not make the long journey south for the winter, as their kin do," Legolas said. "But I have no net, for I did not know I would be journeying this way, and with none of my kind. Does anyone have such a net?" "I do," replied Boromir. "As do I," added Aragorn. "Those who journey are wise to bring a net into the wild places of the world." "Aye," Boromir nodded. "For all creatures with feathers can be eaten, and in a pinch a net may well stave off hunger on a long journey." "Won't do no good, not without onions," Sam said. He had been paying close attention since the discussion had turned to food, a thing dear to all hobbits, and to Sam in particular, since he prepared almost all of their meals, meagre though they might be. He squatted beside Merry and poked the embers of the little fire with a twig and used the glowing end to light his pipe. "It has to have lots of onions, to clear the cold out of the head. I don't have any rosemary, either. It has to have rosemary, for the lungs." "Those I can find as well," Legolas said. "There are wild onions to be found, I am very sure of it. Rosemary, too. With some of Sam's potatoes, perhaps we could make a soup which would serve the purpose of a remedy." "A splendid idea, Legolas!" Merry grinned. "Will it prove difficult, do you think?" Legolas favoured Merry with an arched brow, as if to say I am an elf, how difficult do you think it could possibly be? Frodo, Gimli and even Gandalf now joined the rest. The prospect of a little fresh meat appealed to them all, for no matter how skilled the cook, traveller's fare soon grew tiresome. "We have firewood enough left, I think," Frodo said. The prospect of enjoying a nice steamy bowl of soup had brightened his tired eyes and seemed to lighten his heart. "But is there time enough today? Sam will need to get the birds in his pot as soon as may be." "Then I had best be on my way," Legolas said. "If Boromir will but lend you his net, I could join you," Aragorn offered. "Surely two hunters will serve twice as well." Boromir dipped his hand into his pack and drew out the leather pouch he stored his net in. He tossed the pouch to Legolas. With a nod of thanks, Legolas and Aragorn left the camp and vanished into the trees. "There now, Mister Pippin," Sam said with a satisfied air. "You'll have your soup soon enough. It may not be proper Shire fare, but I fancy it'll do right enough. And it'll cheer you to know we've got your clothes all clean. That shirt you're wearin' ain't near heavy enough, though it was good enough when it was warmer. Only we popped a button off when we washed all that sick-sweat out of 'em, and me with no needle nor thread." "You mustn't feel badly about that, Sam," Pippin said, his more cheerful nature returning now. "I shall just have to make do. But I need to keep the button, so I won't have to replace them all." Sam fetched Pippin's garments and handed them to the youngest hobbit, fishing the button out of his pocket to give to Pippin. "Better put it your pack with your other things," he advised. "You are in luck, Master Took," Boromir said. "I keep needle and thread in my pack at all times, as any good soldier will. I have no thread that matches the thread attaching the other buttons, but if black thread will serve you well enough, I can sew the button back on." Pippin cocked one eyebrow. "You?" he said. "You sew?" "Well, not as a tailor might, no," Boromir said. "But often enough I have had the need to do the odd repair. Even if I were married, my wife would not accompany me in the field or on the move. A soldier must do for himself, when the need arises, even the son of the Steward." Four pairs of hobbit eyes along with one of dwarven kind regarded Boromir with more than a hint of doubt. Gandalf looked on with amusement, though he only puffed his pipe between lips pressed firmly together to hold in his laughter. This was understandable, of course, since Boromir was of noble birth. Nonetheless, Boromir rose to the challenge, holding out his hands for the shirt and the button. Again, Boromir slipped a hand into his pack and removed the desired item. "How is it you never have to empty your pack to find something?" Pippin asked. "I almost always have to turn mine upside-down. What I want always seems to be at the bottom." Boromir threaded the needle. "I always put my belongings in the same place," he said, taking up shirt and button. "Every day, I remove all my things, then put them all back where they belong. I may find myself in need of something with no time—or light enough—to hunt for it. We are trained to keep our belongings in such a manner as to be able to lay our hands on them as quickly as may be. It is not simply an exercise in discipline. Time saved can mean a life saved or a victory ensured, for want of what seems to be of little importance may be one's undoing." "Why, I never thought about it," Sam said. "Fancy that! But I suppose if soldiers have to carry their home with them, it stands