Working Out Chapter 1: Knives and Dumbbells " Working Out" begins the moment Peeta tells Katniss and Haymitch that they need to become like the Careers in order to get ready for the Third Quarter Quell. After I read the 2-3 pages in Catching Fire about their prepping I imagined a bunch of funny workout moments, and sweet last moments with Gale (specifically), Prim, Katniss' mother, and Madge, and so I ended up writing some of them down. This story has been a bit of comedic relief for me while I've been working on a darker AU story of Catching Fire, and I hope that you all will find at least some humor in this story as well. Anything that you recognize is from Suzanne Collin's The Hunger Games trilogy. Italics are for internal monologues and dreams. Each chapter equals a week of workouts, training, eating, preparing for the Quarter Quell, etc. It has actually been more work than anticipated so I'll continue if people are intrigued, but the chapters may get slightly shorter. If you like what you read please write me a quick review! I'll continue posting chapters if I know there are people out there that like the story. :) I hope you all enjoy! Day After the Quell Announcement, Tuesday: "...two of us are coming home from the Capitol. One mentor and one victor,'' says Peeta. "Effie's sending me recordings of all the living victors. We're going to watch their Games and learn everything we can about how they fight. We're going to put on weigh and get strong. We're going to start acting like Careers. And one of us is going to be victor again whether you like it or not!" He sweeps out of the room, slamming the front door. Haymitch and I wince at the bang. "I don't like self-righteous people," I say. "What's to like?" says Haymitch, who begins sucking the dregs out of the empty bottles. "You and me. That's who he plans on coming home," I say. "Well, then the joke's on him," says Haymitch. "I'm not working out with him," I say, even though I know that when Peeta suggests we do something it is usually in our best interest to do it. In that irritable way, he's a lot like Haymitch, although, I will never tell either of them that. I don't want Peeta to direct my everyday schedule before the Quell. They're my final months and I'll do with them as I please, I make up my mind. "The nerve of that boy," Haymitch slowly growls deep in the back of his throat. I suspect that he would be cursing Peeta out right now if he hadn't have been shocked near speechless. The look on his face reflects flickers of different emotions and thoughts gaining momentum in his bothered, hung over mind, ranging from deep betrayal to a sort of sadness I see sometimes when something bad is about to happen. Peeta who is normally so gentle just yelled at both of us again, just like in District 11 after he found out that we had been covering up President Snow's threat. It's always enough to rattle us because he is always patient and understanding. But today he also took on a completely different persona, one that I've only seen a few times. The first time was when he was in the arena and I was still under the effects of the Tracker Jacker venom. After that I noticed it when he was trying to protect me from anything and everything, the fight between Cato and the Mutts, then when the Peacekeepers pushed us away with their guns, and now here he is doing it again, only this time it seems to be laced with anger towards me and Haymitch. "You aren't going to work out with him are you?" I ask Haymitch. "Pff. No. I don't see the point," he responds with an agitated look. I silently wonder if Haymitch is more upset about the cutoff of alcohol or that Peeta demands that we start a workout regimen, which is something I can't see Haymitch being able to pull off. After we finish our soup I tell him I have to get home, but that's a lie. I just don't want to be around hungover and sober Haymitch, because that ranks pretty high up there in the land of scary. It's almost as bad as the tributes in my nightmares.I figure I should let him be for a couple days to work off the withdrawal symptoms, but vow in my head to keep an eye on him to make sure he's at least eating. Wednesday: The next day I cautiously enter Haymitch's house to bring him some more soup. It's lucky that I'm prepared to for the terrifying, sober Haymitch, because when he hears the door open and someone walk inside he throws his disgusting knife in my direction. Well, 'in my direction' isn't all that accurate. It'd be closer to say that he tried to throw it straight in front of him but it somehow veered all the way to the kitchen table and stuck in the wood of one of the legs. Great shot . Sometimes I can't believe he won a Quarter Quell with 48 tributes, let alone the Hunger Games in general. What did he do...hide until everyone else had killed each other or died from other causes? I think about Haymitch's pitiful attempt to swipe at Peeta for dumping all his liquor down the drain and his attempt at killing me 'the intruder' today and begin to think that maybe Peeta's right. Maybe we should train, because if Peeta's name does get reaped and Haymitch volunteers for Peeta, Haymitch will be quite useless in making it through the Quell. Wait, what am I thinking? If he goes in with me, what would we do? Ally to only have to kill each other at the end if we're lucky to make it that far? Would we split up and hope someone else kills the other so we wouldn't have to? No! No! What is wrong with me? I can't be thinking things like this about Haymitch. I already know what my plan is if Peeta is the other tribute, but I haven't thought about what would happen if Haymitch volunteered for Peeta. What then? What's the plan then? Haymitch interrupts my frantic thoughts with a muffled "Sorry. I thought you were her," as he goes towards the couch and takes a seat, rubbing his eyes followed by his temples. Her? Hmm I don't think I wanna tug on that thread while he's having hallucinations.. "It's okay," I say as I bring the soup over to where he's sitting, hoping that his little knifecapades are over and he can restrain himself from being violent now, at least during the meal. Peeta must have seen me walk over with the soup because a few seconds after Haymitch starts eating the soup he walks in with a loaf of bread on a plate. Bread does go excellent with soup ...I should have known he would find some reason to wander over here and pester us about becoming Careers again. Peeta puts the bread down on a nearby coffee table and reaches his hand out for the knife, but Haymitch only grunts with his mouth full and swats his hand away like he's a pesky fly. Peeta's brows furrow up and he asks him where his knife is so he can clean it and cut the bread. Haymitch just ignores him and keeps shoveling the food into his mouth. I walk over to the table, pull it out of the wood and bring it over to Peeta. I extend it out to him but he doesn't take it. Instead, he's got an uneasy expression on his face as he looks from the knife to my face, and then suddenly his whole body goes tense and his eyes widen with panic and rage. "You threw a knife at her!" he screams at a very, unsuspecting Haymitch. Haymitch rubs his temples again, starts saying "Look boy.." and gets up to push Peeta, along with his screams, away from his pounding, sober head. But Peeta is angrier than I've ever seen him, and with his training in wrestling he's much faster than Haymitch who just barely manages to raise his arms to his chest before Peeta grabs them both spins him around and slams him down hard on the couch. Haymitch exhales loudly and it seems like Peeta knocked the wind straight out of him. "I can't believe you Haymitch!" Peeta screams even louder, his fury multiplying with every second. "How could you do that? What if you hurt her?" He suddenly pulls Haymitch's arms above his back even further and then slams him down again harder than the first time. "What if you killed her!" he howls. I jump involuntarily. Yep, that's for sure the loudest I have ever heard Peeta's voice. I didn't know a human being could hit that decibel. Suddenly Haymitch jerks his body to the right and Peeta goes flying off the couch and lands angrily on the floor. They both fly at each other, huffing and cursing here and there, although the cursing is coming mostly from Haymitch. I had always kind of wondered who would win in a fight between Haymitch and Peeta. Just out of curiosity. But this doesn't really seem like a fair fight, what with Haymitch having withdrawals and Peeta's prosthetic leg. Nonetheless, I'm intrigued enough to let this go on for a bit because I want to see who will win. Or should I say, who is angrier. So I just stand there wiggling the knife in and out of my fingers watching the two idiots try to pin one another. Maybe this is what it's like when you're close to a wrestling match. I was always sitting far away in the bleachers when we watched the matches at school, so I didn't really see the intricate movements then. But now I do. I've got the best seat in the house. They wrestle around for control of the others' shoulders. Haymitch is now throwing punches and kicking violently at Peeta, but despite Peeta's anger his movements are controlled and smooth just like when he was wrestling. Sometimes Haymitch gets the better hand and whips Peeta around onto his back, and Peeta struggles to regain control only having one real leg after all. Haymitch sputters, "Boy that fake leg's really got ya down doesn't it!" "Yeah well at least it's better than losing a fight to someone twice as young as you!" He spits out as he uses three swift moves to flip Haymitch to the ground and pin him to the point that Haymitch can't move an arm or leg. He just lays on the ground, spewing out curses like if he doesn't the world will come to an end. Haymitch is thrashing viciously until his breathing becomes so labored that Peeta finally lets go of him and they both slump to the floor breathing hard. I go to the kitchen, pull out a couple clean, I hope , glasses and fill them with water. I give them to Peeta and Haymitch and raise Peeta's arm in victory. "And Peeta is the winner!" I declare smiling for the first time since the third Quarter Quell was announced. But Peeta snatches away his arm, stands up, and looks at me square in the eye. He looks at me for a few seconds and my entertained smile fades into an apprehensive one. I had never seen Peeta so mad before. And I had never seen him fight Haymitch. Two firsts. I wonder what's coming for me now. Peeta shocks me by quickly grabbing the middle of my back and presses me into a hurried kiss. He's never kissed me like this, and I wonder what on God's green earth got