Harry Potter, Vampire Chapter One 1994, 3rd Task of the Triwizard Tournament "What did you- How could you- I can't believe you would-" I resisted the urge to sigh in frustration as I tried to come up with a way out of this mess which wouldn't result with me getting locked up in a dark basement by Dumbledore for the rest of my life. Before I could, Viktor Krum joined us, looking all milky eyed and absentminded. Cedric didn't seem to mind the irregularities in Krum, opting to run towards him while loudly yelling incoherent sentences instead. "Harry! Viktor, Harry! Vik-" Then, taking a deep breath, he appeared to get himself together, now a good distance from me. "He killed Professor Moody!" Honestly, Viktor – if he had the mental capacity to do so at the moment – would've clearly figured that out on his own. The connection wasn't very hard to make, what with me covered in blood from head to toe, and Moody's dismembered head lying in front of me. Viktor proved quite quickly that he didn't have that mental capacity I'd mentioned, because instead of even looking in my general direction, he raised his wand. I was in front of him as soon as I saw the red light appear on the tip of his wand, long before he'd managed to utter the 'C' of 'Cruciatus' – far faster than Viktor Krum could cast a spell, or even blink , for that matter. Before Cedric could panic and do something stupid, like attacking me , I buried my hand in Krum's ribcage and ripped out his heart in one, fluid motion. Briefly resisting the urge to mentally pat myself on the back for having gotten so good at this, I let Krum's heart drop to the ground, an action which his actual body soon imitated, then I looked at Cedric again, who'd just grown even more horrified. "You just- Oh my god, you just killed-" "Cedric, for fuck's sake, he was clearly going to use the Cruciatus on you. Stop being such a mopy piece of-" "You're a monster.. A- A mon-" I gave in to the urge to sigh as deeply as I could, trying to clean my bloody hands on my bloody shirt. Not the best idea I'd ever had, but I was under a lot of stress. Then, I thought about my options. "What are you?" He whispered miserably. Option one: Knock Cedric out and, when he wakes up, deny everything. "I'm a vampire, Cedric." That probably wouldn't work. Dumbledore could see through me like I could see through Susan's see through negligee that night after the Yule Ball. "What? No, Harry. I've- We've been in Hufflepuff together for four years . At least be honest with me!" Option two: Kill Cedric. Then suck all three people I've just killed dry and hope the power boost will be enough to get me of the country before Dumbledore can smite me like a wiser and more flamboyant version of Zeus. "I am being honest. I mean, look, here – these are my fangs. And I can make my eyes glow red, and-" Option two also wouldn't work because Dumbledore would just apparate to wherever I was, and I was one hundred percent sure that he could locate me wherever I could go. "Harry, I've seen vampires. They're- Vampires scared me when I was twelve, but they're not scary , or even that special at all" – Ow. Hurtful. - "Sure, they drink blood and look nice and stuff, but they're not... Like you! They can't... They can't rip somebody's heart out, or decapitate someone with their bare hands. And Vampires can't walk when the sun is out. We learned that in first year, Harry!" I briefly twisted the ruby ring on the middle finger of my left hand a little, then desperately tried to come up with a third option. Convince Cedric that he was insane? Tell him it's all part of the third task? Surprise surprise, I was totes just messing with you? Before I could do anything, though, Cedric attacked me. Not with his wand and his magic, like any sane person would do in a situation like this, but, like, with his body and stuff. I shook my head as I saw him yell out some kind of warcry, which I then deciphered as him actually trying to say something. "Susan!" He was yelling. "What about her?" "You've been exploiting that girl, Harry! Have you been feeding on her? Have you been controlling her mind to love you or something?" "What the fuck-" I grabbed his arm as he tried to punch me, being careful not to crush his bones while I did so. "Cedric, you fucking retard, do you really think we would be doing this fucking shit if I could just control you?" Cedric didn't seem to care much – maybe he was under the Imperius too? That would actually be a far more relieving option, compared to 'Cedric is an insane person' – looking around and then somehow deciding that the Triwizard Cup would make a good weapon. I grabbed for it as well, just to buy myself some more time to think about this, and then the world around me got blurry. I heard Cedric scream something, but was far too disoriented and confused to register it. Then, I landed on the ground, as roughly as I always did when traveling by portkey, and immediately resorted to grabbing my head, which was pounding in agony. I wondered briefly if all the 'Normal' Vampires hated portkeys as much as I did, then discarded the thought in favor of trying to get some semblance of order in my head, because I knew that the cup definitely was not supposed to transport me somewhere. The problem with portkeys and me was that my supernatural hearing picked something up in the whole portkey transporation thing that sounded like thousands of little girls shrieking all at once while they were standing in front of you. I always imagined, when it happened, that this is how a kick in the crotch feels for humans. "- the spare." I tried to shake my head as I felt myself being pulled up and bound somewhere, but only managed to make it worse, only dimly feeling something cutting open my arm. Not only that, something was hurting me. It felt like needles were being driven into my skull, which was a feeling I'd only had once before. Once, in my first year at Hogwarts, when Susan and I had- "Flesh of the servant willingly given you will revive your master." There was sobbing and whimpering there, and something that sounded like the bubbling of a cauldron. The next time I managed to hear something, the thick haze of confusion and pain lifted itself along with it. "Robe me." He was pale where I was white, his eyes scarlet where my were maroon. His nose was flat, with slits for nostrils. I sighed again, registering the corpse of Cedric Diggory in my periphery. For fuck's sake, Cedric, the resurrection of Voldemort is totally on you. The snake-man-thing only briefly looked at me, opting to examine itself instead. Tom Riddle had certainly lost his youthful beauty at some point, even if his perpetually exultant and smug expression had staid the same. Opting to ignore the great snake which was circling me, hissing here and there, I tried coming up with a plan instead. The portkey was on the other end of the eery graveyard they'd been transported to, and I highly doubted I was anywhere near fast enough to get to the cup without Tom interfering. He was supposed to be as strong as Dumbledore – at least that's what Pansy said – and Dumbledore was freakishly strong. So as it was, I had only one opportunity. Voldemort didn't know that I was a vampire yet, so as soon the chance presented itself, I'd vamp out and go for the portkey. In theory, a fairly solid plan. In practice... "You stand, Harry Potter, upon the remains of my late father." Oh great, more monologuing. Just what this evening needed, really. He didn't stop there, though, talking about his muggle father and how he'd murdered his cat, or something. I wasn't listening, because I'd discovered something. The line had changed. Something was new. And that didn't make sense. Reaching deep into my mind, I located 'the line.' Up until now, it'd been a fairly simple thing. On one end was the name 'Harry Potter', on the other end, Her name, attached to the title 'Sire.' Now, though. Now it'd changed. I glimpsed at my arm again, remembering that somebody had cut it open while I was out of it. Had Wormtail used my blood in whatever ritual he carried out to revive Voldemort? No time to think about it, as the quiet air, only interrupted by Wormtail's whimpering and moaning and Voldemort's incessant monologuing was interrupted by the swishing of dozens upon dozens of cloaks. None of them friendly faces. No faces at all, for that matter. They were all masked and hooded, falling to their knees as soon as they spotted Voldemort. Death Eaters. Great. The only thing missing to make this scene perfect was all of them raising their hands in the air and chanting 'Hail Voldemort.' I opted to ignore Voldemort as he began monologuing again, this time on a grander scale and with an actual, listening audience. He was reprimanding his followers for something. Instead of listening, I glimpsed at the ruby ring on my left hand. "You are to never take it off. To lash out, to attack, to kill, rip and tear if somebody tries to remove it. To protect it, however you can. To never forget it, and to never be able to." I'd wondered for years about what 'she' had said. I had never taken off that ring, and I'd grown violent when somebody had tried. I was being compelled to keep that ring on my hand. It'd made me reach the conclusion that a 'Sire' could control the person he has sired, somehow. How are people turned into vampires anyway? I was interrupted by Tom pressing one of his bony, white fingers against my cheeks, fighting down the burst of pain that erupted within my head as soon as he touched me. When I managed to regain control of my body, I'd been untied, my wand lying in front of me. Vine wood, dragon heartstring core, nine inches. "You have been taught how to duel, Harry Potter?" Voldemort asked. I cracked my neck, nodding afterwards and bowing briefly. He didn't do the same. Instead, his wand fired a red light at me. The spell itself hit me in slow motion almost, but I tanked it. Tom was toying with me, trying to show his audience how undeserved my victory, all those years ago, was, by taking me apart with ease. As soon as he saw that I was more than I seemed to be, he'd dial it up. By a lot. So I took it, head on. And I didn't scream. Billions of tiny needles piercing every inch of my skin for what seemed like an eternity, My face contorted, my expression morphed from one into the next, but I refused to scream. I cracked my neck again afterwards, my eyes meeting his. "Avada Kedavra." I was hopelessly outclassed here, and I honestly didn't know if I could tank an Avada Kedavra. The longer this confrontation took, the worse it would become for me. I wasn't very good at high level spells, because the connection my magic had to my vampirism severely limited me in that regard, and I didn't know how long I had until Tom decided I wasn't worth any theatralics or one on one action. "Bombarda Maxima," I shot back. I wasn't aiming at Tom though. I was