Disclaimer - I obviously do not own Harry Potter. This story is inspired by the works of J. . It is also inspired by an idea on tumblr, so I'm not very original at all. Either way, I just wanted to have fun with this idea as it is very cool, and I like to mess around with the history of it, even if a lot of it is very wrong. Chapter One It was surreal. Even though it was her reality, all she had ever known, staring at it always made her think how strange the world was. She was currently seated in a café area in the middle of a large shopping centre, sipping her hot chocolate and just watching the world go by. Teenagers, no older than 18 walked past, talking about what had happened to them 30 years ago. A newspaper stand mourned the recent loss of a woman who was born in 1786. The picture accompanying the headline showed a girl who seemed to be only about 18. It was cruel and beautiful. But, she supposed, that was how the world worked. Ever since she was a child, she had been waiting to find her person. Her soul mate. The one human being to make her complete. She remembered in school, she and the other girls used to daydream about what their Absent would be like. What kind of job would they have? Would they be good looking? Secretly - would they be a girl or a boy? Once your body had reached full maturity, all aging stopped. Millions of people frozen in puberty, some for what felt like forever. However, if you found your Absent, your aging resumed. Once you found the one person you were supposed to be with, you were free to grow old together, to reach the true eternity that did not exist in years, but in death. But, what if you met them and didn't realise it? What if you spent years in a relationship with someone, believing them to be the one, but eventually realising that while you were aging, your partner was not. A large part of their education was trying to teach them how to recognise the signs, before lives were ruined. As a child, she saw it as living out a fairy-tale. Lifting a curse and being with your true love. But as she grew up, she saw how wrong that was. People spent lifetimes looking for their Absent, but never found them. Some were 'lucky' and found their Absent twice, even after their death. Her name was Hermione Granger. She was 35, and she knew for certain that she had not found her Absent, because she had the face and body of a 21 year old. She came from a Complete household. From a supposed nuclear family. And while everyone acted like life Bonded was perfect, she knew that not to be true. For years her friends had asked her why she didn't go and look for her Absent. It was a common practice all over the world. People took years out of their lives, travelling the world, looking for the person they were supposed to be with. Hermione was happy with her life. She didn't need anything more from it, let alone a relationship she could never really escape. She had a lovely house, a great job and paid for everything herself, which was all she had ever wanted. She was supposed to be meeting her friend Ginny for coffee, but she was – as usual – late, and so Hermione had resorted to people watching. It was never a good idea for her to be alone with her thoughts and nothing to do. And forever was a very long time to be dealing with them. Hermione caught sight of her friend, pushing a buggy along with all sorts of bags hanging from the handles. Ginny waved energetically, increasing her pace so she could reach her friend quicker. "How are you? You look great!" Ginny cried, pulling her purchases off of the handles of the buggy so that it wouldn't fall back when she let go of it. "I haven't seen you in so long!" "I'm good, I'm good. I've just gotten a promotion, so I'm pretty happy, but busy! So I have kind of been in hermit mode – sorry! How are you? And how is my best little boy?" Hermione replied, reaching into the buggy and pulling out her godson, James, who was giggling as her plunged his sticky hands into her curls and began to play with them. "He is a little monster! But he is my monster, so I guess he'll have to stay," Ginny tickled her toddler as she said it, and his giggles increased in volume "Everything is great, the kids are loving their new school so I have some more time on my hands which is great. I've started writing again, and I'm hoping I can send something to my publisher by the end of the month." "That's amazing! What is this one about?" "It's just a kid's book. I've been feeling inspired by the mind-numbing amount of kids TV I watch. I actually watched Cinderella about 15 times this month alone. I think I'm starting to go crazy! Any news from you? Any romances to tell me about?" Ginny had started aging again when she was 23, and so now had the appearance of a woman in her mid-30's. She was quite lucky, because her husband Harry was about the same age. It was scary to look at her and see wrinkles when they had known each other from when they were babies. It was scary to think that one day James might look older than Hermione herself. Hermione attempted to suppress a sigh. It never took long for this conversation to rear its ugly head. It was unavoidable. Any Complete couple just wanted the same for their friends. They were living the ideal life and just wanted it for others. But sometimes the ideal life meant something different to someone else. "Nope. Just me. As usual." She replied, her voice light but strong in an attempt to say 'can we stop talking about this?' "Have you ever thought about, you know , being with someone who isn't your absent?" Ginny said in a low voice, looking around her to make sure no one could over hear them. Hermione was surprised. Ginny had always been very traditional, very conservative. There was a big movement of 'purists' who believed that love and sex should only be between Belonged, and Ginny had often shown sympathy to their cause. This view was felt by most in society, but legislation protected those who chose to be together despite not Belonging to each other. Hermione herself believed that everyone had a right to feel what they felt as long as they didn't hurt anyone. If people could find love in one another, and understood there was a possibility they would not last, then they should be allowed to express that love. "No," she said, and with prompting from Ginny's eyebrows she continued "Having a relationship, being with someone is not and never has been something that appeals to me. I don't want someone dictating my life. I want just want my own space" "But that's not how it is! You are meant to be together, that's how it works! Compromise is a big part of relationships, and when you have someone you love more than anything else in the world, you would be happy to compromise for them, and they feel the same!" Hermione fought the bitterness that rose up inside her chest and suppressed some angry retorts, instead choosing to cuddle the toddler on her lap a little tighter, as James was starting to nod off in her arms. A silence stretched out as the two very different women looked at each other from across the table. Eventually Ginny broke the silence and asked her about her promotion. She had been working for about 5 years in a small museum, a private collection for a large company. It was a shipping company called Atlantic Movement, and was hundreds of years old. It had been renamed many times, due to the company's controversies in the past. Shipping involved a lot more than just food and supplies long ago, and it could never be forgotten. So PR had changed the name to attempt some distance. The archives were large, and she loved working in them, reading the stories that had been lost through the years. The tales of the people below the surface of history. She had only been one of the supporting curators, but after the retirement of her boss she had been elevated to the position of main curator. She had no idea how many responsibilities he had had, so the past few months had been spent catching up, forming relationships with people who had known her predecessor for decades. After filling Ginny in on her promotion, she accidentally let slip about the party that was to be held the following night. "What, a ball? Sounds fancy! What are you going to wear?!" Ginny squealed, before quieting as her son stirred from his spot on Hermione's chest. "I have a dress, but I'm not sure if I'm going to wear it. It's a bit risqué." She replied, her face turning red as she thought about the dress. It was something she would NEVER wear. "Oh come on! You have to! What's this thing for anyway?" Ginny said, waving away the doubt with a careless hand. "It's to celebrate 400 years of the company. As I am now technically a department head I have been invited. I really don't want to go though. It's such a boys club. Even though the guys look my age, they still live it up like it's the 18th century AKA belittle anything a woman does. I'm pretty sure I can count the number of female department heads on one hand." Hermione fumed. She had had to fight down her every instinct not to attack those assholes sometimes. They treated her like she was nothing, just because she was a woman. It angered her that people like Ginny tried to act like relationships were equal. Even though their bonds proved that men and women should be treated the same, that they were matching pieces of a puzzle, men had still been considered the greater of the two sexes up until very recently. And even the supposed equality they had now, it was not what it should be, especially with men from centuries past still hanging around. "Ok, well after the ball you have to come to mine so we can talk about it! You are a young eligible woman and I am going to have to live through you!" Ginny smiled. She looked so sweet Hermione agreed, although she knew she'd live to regret it. Ginny and Hermione continued to chat for another half an hour, before Hermione had to get back to work. It was Friday, so she was happy to sacrifice her lunchtime for a quick coffee with Ginny, just to make the day go faster. She just wanted to be in her bed doing her paperwork, rather than the office… doing her paperwork. Taking her time to walk up to the 'museum', she kept her head up as the people passed her. And by 'people' she meant men. Ignoring as they judged her with their eyes, or straight up leered at her. She knew she did not have a very healthy opinion of men. Entering her mahogany office she chucked her bag onto the floor, and began to check the emails on her computer. Several memos and emails later, she found a newsletter, recounting the major events within the company in the month. What caught her eye in particular was the notice announcing the party that would be taking place the next day,