Anniversary Madness, Or How James Potter Pulled Out All The Stops A/N Okay, first things first. Harry Potter is mine, you hear? It belongs to me. I stole it when JK Rowling's back was turned. What? I could get arrested for that? Oh. Then I was only borrowing it, I swear. Second things second, I need reviews. So be good little readers and just drop a line. Beta was Trublumoon, again. (She's not on , don't bother looking) Songs are the property of their writers, not me. As much as I'd love to have written Here Comes the Sun, I have not. Such is life. That's all I have to say, apart from ENJOY. It was one in the morning on a cloudy London night, and Sirius was exasperated. "James, you absolute tosser. Just choose something already." James scowled at him and snapped, "You try picking the perfect two-year anniversary gift. It's bloody impossible!" The two of them were currently in a local department store that had the decency to stay open twenty four hours a day, so bumbling idiots like James Potter could find the perfect anniversary gift. Sirius sighed, "You do realize you're a wizard, right? You could just transfigure something for her." James looked at him, scandalised. "She's Lily. A transfigured teddy isn't going to cut it. Besides, I did that in second year and she tore it's head off, do you think…" he trailed off when he spotted a jewelry store and dragged Sirius inside. They stood in front of a glass display case, Sirius slumped against it, and James practically nose-to-glass trying to seek out the perfect piece for Lily. "What do you think of this?" he asked, pointing to a solid gold necklace inlaid with rubies. Sirius raised an eyebrow, a trait he'd picked up from years of living with Remus, "Do you even have that much muggle money? And don't answer that you could always go back to Gringotts for an exchange. You know Lily will slaughter you if she suspected you of wasting money." James blinked, frustrated and tired, before sliding back against the display and slumping onto the floor, throwing his arms into the air. "I can't do this, mate! I'm cracked! This is taking ages and I haven't slept in forty-eight hours courtesy of Dumbledore's you-know-whats and I still don't have a present even though it is one in the morning and Lily is going to chop off my limbs and feed them to me for breakfast!" Sirius could've reassured him, but he was mid-yawn. He hadn't slept either; they had gone here first after a two-day stakeout for the Order, not even stopping at their respective flats. "...See? You're falling asleep because I, James Fleamont Potter, am a sorry excuse for a human being because I can't even get my girlfriend a sodding anniversary present, and Lily is going to leave me because I don't deserve her and without her I'll just be one of those drunken yobs scavenging in rubbish bins and IT WILL BE ALL MY FAULT for not getting her the PERFECT GIFT!" James let out a burst of accidental magic and a few glass cases shattered. The shopkeep screamed and ran into the back, presumably to call the police. Sirius crouched down to reassure him, or at least calm him down enough so they didn't get arrested. "James- James, look at me. You are a sad, whipped excuse of a wizard, and a sodding moron who doesn't know how to choose a bloody present without having some sort of emotional breakdown. But. Lily loves you, and while I cannot guarantee your limbs will not be handed to you on a silver platter, I can say with absolute certainty that she is not going to leave you. Mutilate, sure. Leave? Never. Unless you set her library on fire and destroy her books. She and Moony have that in common." James looked up at him and gave him a half-hearted two-fingered salute. "You know, you're really, really bad at pep talks." Sirius grinned, "At least you're not exploding any more jewelry cases. Speaking of which… reparo!" As the glass flew back together, repairing itself, sirens and flashing lights issued from the street outside. Two burly muggle policemen ran in, holding guns. "Put your hands up and don't move, unless you want a bullet through your brains!" "Shit," Sirius whispered, as James whimpered, "Now Lily's definitely going to murder me." …oOo… Sirius and James were slouched in a holding cell, waiting for the recipient of their one phone call to pick them up. In the meanwhile, they argued. "This is all your fault! If you hadn't insisted on staying on our shift an hour later-" "Rodolphus is a Death Eater! You're saying you wanted Voldemort to get that package full of-" "Well, that's the point, isn't it? The package was full of bloody-" "Cinnamon buns, I know! But could you have lived with that guilt, Mr Accidental Magic that gets us arrested?" "That's hardly my fault!" They were interrupted by a gruff policewoman, "Quiet down! Someone called Remus Lupin is here for you." She left the room as Remus walked in. "Well. This is ridiculous, even for you idiots. You're lucky that I have a good Confundus charm." "Yeah, yeah. Now us out of here!" Grumbled James. Remus tapped his chin lightly, "You know, I could just leave you here and have the Muggle justice system grab you in it's steely clutches. It's my understanding that you robbed a jewelry store?" Sirius gulped, "Remus. Remy-kins. Moony-moons. Let's be reasonable here. If I was to rot away in prison for the rest of my life, then who would you sn-" Remus reddened, "And that's quite enough of that. You know, I think I'll just let Lily take care of you idiots. It is her anniversary today." James actually got down on his knees. "Oh Great and Mighty Moony! Possessor of a Wand! I AM NAUGHT BUT YOUR HUMBLE SERVANT! Just let us out!" Smirking and examining his nails idly, Remus asked, "How did you get your wands taken away from you in the first place?" Sirius put his fist over his heart and proclaimed, "It was a riveting tale full of dragons and firefights-" "We didn't want to be killed by muggle police officers, so we let ourselves be patted down. They found our wands and tossed them in a bag marked 'EVIDENCE'. I think the bigger policeman sat on them in the car." Sirius grumbled, "That lady who patted me down kept trying to grope me. I had to tell her three times that I had a boyfriend before she stopped." Remus looked up sharply. "So not only did you get arrested by muggles, but you got your wands taken off? You absolute idiots. I'll let you out, because doubtless if I walk away from you now, you'll find a way to get put on death row, and I don't want to have to be the one who tells Lily she can't kill you two herself." Sirius swallowed, "You know what? Leave us here. A firing squad would be less painful." Remus rolled his eyes and cast a Confundus charm on the security cameras, short circuiting them, before using Alohomora on the door. The two black haired idiots walked out rather sheepishly. Remus dug the cloak out of his messenger bag, and tossed it to James, the shortest of the three and the only one who could still fit entirely inside it without disembodied feet. He raised an eyebrow at Sirius. "Well? Are you going to transform or not?" In the blink of an eye, a shaggy black dog stood where Sirius had stood mere milliseconds ago. Remus strolled casually out the door, confounding any policemen who thought to stop him, as though he jailbroke fugitives for a living. Knowing how many times he had saved the Marauders from Professor McGonagall's wrath at school, that wasn't far from the truth. …oOo… From there, the lot of them apparated to Remus and Sirius' flat on the outskirts of muggle London, because James wasn't about to go back to Lily empty handed. As they all flopped onto the couch, Remus asked them, "So, how did your mission go? I mean, apart from waking me up at two in the morning, I assume you did something productive-" "Nothing." Sirius interrupted, his eyes haunted. "48 hours straight and still, nothing. 48 hours straight of whining and melt downs and still, nothing but a package of cinnamon buns for the Dark Lord for our troubles." Remus looked at him strangely, "All right then. At least you didn't get hurt." "I would never do that to my beautiful face." "Good, because you know how much I love that face." "Just the face?" James looked between the two of them. "Sorry to interrupt this frankly quite embarrassing flirting, but we've a crisis! I still haven't a present for Lily!" Remus sighed, "Well, I'm sorry, but nothing apart from that department store that you've now a lifetime ban from was open. At least you got your wands back from that not-in-any-way confounded man at the evidence booth." James looked as though he were about to have a fit, and shrieked, "Lily is going to murder me! How are wands supposed to help!?" Remus steepled his fingers under his chin and smirked. "I'll tell you what your wands can do. Magic." Sirius, who was still recovering from the semi-evil look on Remus' face, said, "You do realize that that was suggestive right?" Remus stared at him, flustered, and stammered, "What? No! That's… no. Sirius. That's not what I meant. At all." Sirius was red-faced and cackling, but James hadn't even cracked a smile. Remus shook his head at Sirius before turning to James. "Don't worry Prongs, I've got a plan that'll save you from Lily's wrath." …oOo… Lily Evans paced around the coffee table in the flat that she and James shared. What was taking him so long? Had the mission gone awry? Lily was not the worrying type. She wasn't the kind of woman that clucked and worried and ruffled their feathers. So why was she so bloody nervous? So James was late. So he should've been home four hours ago. That didn't mean he was lying in a ditch somewhere, with Death Eaters dancing in circles around his dead form. She trusted him not to get killed. Oh, bugger. She didn't even trust him not to burn himself making toast. She sat down on the couch and stared morosely at the fireplace. Then she stood back up and started pacing again. …oOo… Half an hour later, just as Lily had dropped back down to the sofa, the fireplace flashed green, and out walked James, ruffled, but looking no worse for wear except for a nasty-looking burn on the side of his face and wine-colored bags under his eyes. Lily was on her feet in an instant, crossing the room and wrapping her arms tightly around him. "Where in the name of Merlin's toe fungus have you been? You great toe rag, do you know how late you are?" she pulled away and slapped him hard across the face, saying, "That's for making me worry." Then she leaned in and kissed him even harder, "and that's for not burning yourself making toast. Er- I mean, not getting killed." James looked down at her, half bemused and half euphoric, courtesy of the kiss. She looked up at him and noticed- "Wait. Why are you dressed in Hogwarts robes? This is not encouraging, James Potter." He merely winked at her, "You'll see. Come with me." Lily was skeptical. James loved drama, but why now? He had just come back from an Order mission, and the dark circles under his eyes didn't make much of a case against exhaustion. But, James Potters are notoriously stubborn creatures, and so, resigned, she followed him back through the emerald flames. …oOo… They