So, I know I haven't done anything on fanfiction for awhile, but the truth is, I've been writing like crazy recently. This is a fanfic I've been really excited for--first of all because it's the first LOTR fanfic I've posted (I've many more written xD) and secondly because this is a cross-over...with my own original ghetto story. No joke. I've been thinking of ways to wean myself from fanfiction, so what could be more fun than a cross-over with my own stuff? This'll be awesome! Prepare for a really long disclaimer. THE INSPIRATION FOR THIS GOES TO Ilada'Jefiv for writing the most COOLEST Legolas AU ever called 'Fateful Knowledge'. So, go read it! Nao! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the LOTR characters or places referred to. I do not own the lyrics 'Sweet Dreams Are Made of This' by Annie Lennox from Eurythmics--it's only based off it, okay?! I own Morlyn (not from my ghetto story. New character), Viro, Blaze, Calamity, Sketch, Ozzie, JD, Crime, Adam, Rexi (might not incorporate her however), Damien, Marcus, Crimson, Frigid, and Braedon. I own the plot. I own the idea. NO STEALING FROM MEEEE! Sweet Dreams Are Made Of This Chapter One: Sources Sweet dreams are made of this/Who am I to disagree?/I travel the world and the seven seas/Everybody's lookin' for something. "Morlyn. Tell me—what do you see?" The wizard's voice echoed across the empty marble balcony. A few deliberate seconds later, soft satin shoes entered the room and padded deftly across the smooth stone floor—long, delicate skirts trailed behind them, stopping beside the wizard Saruman as he gazed over his armies and factories hundreds of feet below. "I see an empire of the future." The female voice that spoke was sharp and silver. "What you see is not enough. You know this. I would not be in need of your services if it was." "This is why I call you my master," the woman responded slowly. "Because the family of Elyrinath will be avenged through the deeds you lead me through." "Of course, Morlyn of Elyrinath." The wizard's dark eyes wrenched finally from his army and landed on the Elvin figure next to him. She was tall, proud, and dark. Her skin was a rich brown and smooth. Her sharp and lovely face was hardened and her liquid brown eyes were fixated on the masses below them. Her mouth was set in a rough line as if she were studying each and every creature down working and finding something wrong with them. Her dress, dark violet velvet, was a simple and elegant pattern that fell over her slender build. Straight ebony hair tumbled past her shoulders and hung smoothly at her back. She was a picture of pristine malevolence. "Have I yet described to you your future mission, Morlyn?" The wizard queried. "You have said only that it would be a turning point in the destruction of our enemies." "So I did. I would have you know that the power your family possessed was not unknown to me. When I discovered you were the only one who managed to escape, I grieved for your loss. "Your sympathy is appreciated." "How long have you dwelled here in Isengard?" "Since the last full moon. Nearly a month." "Why do you stay here?" His questions were ones of loyalty. "Because you have offered me vengeance," she replied. Her answers were automatic and true. As if, she thought about them too long, her eyes would blaze and her patience would shatter. "Why do you do this?" Saruman asked with a barely visible twitch of a smile on his lips. "Because of what Thranduil—and the rest of them—did." Her eyes flared, speaking the name. "And what did they do?" Saruman asked, now clearly enjoying himself. "They killed my family—everything I lived for." Morlyn burned. Saruman chuckled softly. "So what do you live for now?" "Killing everything they live for." "Good, Morlyn. That will be all for now. Tonight I will speak to you of how you are to assist me." Morlyn left without a word. XxXxXx They dined alone at a vast, rectangular stone table later that night. Saruman at the head, and Morlyn, fifteen feet across from him, at the foot. The room they were in was on the twenty-third level of the tower of Isengard, the wizard's blackly majestic fortress. Not long ago, the tower was a symbol hope for the kings of men and elves. Not long ago, things had changed. A serving man, pale and shriveled, although he couldn't have been over thirty years old, stumbled, back hunched with two plates of rich, but gritty looking food. "Grima's spying eyes have not proved completely fruitless to me," the wizard said over dinner. "I have heard that the king's nephew, Eomer son of Eomund, of Rohan is a suspect of my alliance." "You sent the little man over to Edoras to take ensure the king's support—did you not?" Morlyn asked. The wizard's long face did not change. "There is more that I have heard. More dangerous news I have kept from you lest the wrong ears hear your thoughts. This may compromise the surety of Theoden's . . . loyalty , and certainly will be a danger worth getting rid of in the future." "I expect that this is the basis for your use for me," Morlyn said. Saruman nodded. "This is truth. I would have you meet with me in the seeing room after we dine. Your future work is not a light matter. The stone of Orthanc is everything." Morlyn's thin eyebrows arched, but said nothing. XxXxXx "The realm of Middle Earth has turned to a dubious place where not all things can ever be certain. Even death itself." Saruman said later as they entered the room of the seeing stone, Orthanc. "I do not understand," Morlyn said. "It is only the Eldalie and few Istari that can escape." "You know of the wizard Olorin, or Mithrandir, do you not?" "There was once a great whisper of him in the cold and from the birds, not long ago. They were grieving his passing. I have heard great legends of Mithrandir but I have never myself seen him." "What you may not have heard from the wind or fowl is that he is alive." Morlyn's eyes widened. "How is this possible?" "The elf queen called Galadriel of the golden realm has taken life and death into her own hands. She has brought Gandalf the Grey back and we cannot afford this." "You want me to kill him again?" "Apparently it would prove useless, now that the Queen of Lothlorien is not afraid to flex the power she has over life and death." "So what am I supposed to do with him?" She asked. "Send him far, far away." Saruman lifted the veil from the palantir. Morlyn gasped quietly as the flaming crystal burst to life and the eye of Saruman engulfed it. Neither Saruman, nor her were touching it. Sauron was contacting them . Voices and thoughts and images raced through Morlyn's mind as the eye of Sauron filled her brain with flickerings and images she had never known existed. She could only barely hear the voice of her master rise in tone. " You , Morlyn Elyrinath, are one of the most powerful elves alive in Middle Earth. The level of spells and magick you have inherited from your father and mother is near unbelievable and through you, we can achieve the impossible." "This isn't our world," Morlyn half-hissed, half-whimpered as Sauron's ideas engulfed her. "This is madness." "And it's only through your power that it will work," Saruman said. "Would you have your family's death be in vain? Thranduil arrested you and your clan because of your belief and practice in the black arts. Would you leave that to waste? You can no longer be a simple nomadic moriquend, wandering the countries without purpose. This is fate ." With a shock, the power of Saruman left her and impact threw Morlyn to her knees. "Where is he? Where is Thranduil?! I am going to kill him now !" Morlyn shrieked. "Yes, yes," Saruman encouraged. "But first, you are going to steal his resources. With Mithrandir gone, men and elves will be divided. And they will not win this by themselves." "Where do I find him?" She spoke in a low tone as she got to her feet. "You will be traveling with a band of uruks. Last I heard he was stalking around the Fangorn Forest, looking for his lost friends. South of the Misty Mountains. The band will escort you there." "The Fangorn Forest covers a hundred thousand square miles," she breathed. "How am I to find him?" Saruman chuckled. "Trust me. The path will be clear. You will be taking the palantir with you so although I am aware this may be its last sight to be seen, keep it secret. Keep it safe." "What if we are attacked? The wind also spoke of rangers—a man, elf, and dwarf—prowling for orcs." "Then you are Selene, daughter of Hanerth and Nyelsaa, who was captured along the River Angren for being suspected of one of traveling with these rangers." "What if my power is not enough? What if I cannot carry him through?" "This is only possible because of your power. The stone of Orthanc will carry him through. None of the uruks know of your quest. They know you have one, but that is all. Their own mission is to locate and bring back two Halflings." "Halflings? What would you want with two of those?" She asked distastefully. Saruman studied her thoughtfully. "What do you know of the Rings of Power?" He asked finally. Morlyn thought. "I know of legends and of the nineteen rings of the races," she replied. And Saruman knew she knew nothing of The One Ring or even the Fellowship. She was in for quite the surprise. He dropped the topic in sudden. "You leave tomorrow." He said. "Supplies have been packed for you." He turned to leave when Morlyn spoke again. "That place he made me watch—that was not Middle Earth." "You're right," he said. "It wasn't." "How does he have these kinds of connections to places we have never been able to dream of?" "Sources," he replied. XxXxXx It was seven days after Morlyn had left, traveling with the group of four hundred uruk hai. They moved with speed but Morlyn kept up easily. She had shed her feminine clothes for the trip and had instead taken of the garb of men—black breeches and a violet, long-sleeved lace-up shirt with light leather shoes and a long black magick cloak that Saruman had given her to hide the palantir. The first few nights had been fairly painful. To her own dismay, she realized that for her story about being captured by orcs to be believable, she'd have to look like she'd been dragged from her home. The self-inflicted bruises all over her body were nothing compared to the big bloody gash above her right eye she'd tactfully created. The only thing she carried with her was a dagger at her breeches—one of the orc knives so she could say she stole it—a bit of food, and the palantir which was sewed into a secret pocket that could not be found by anyone but the wearer and made no bulges. The second day had been spent on the river and while the uruks ran onshore to look for their Halflings, Morlyn stayed hidden in the boat, covered by her cloak. They came back hours later, with two Halflings, to get their supplies and to continue on foot. They would go back towards Isengard and guide her to Fangorn on the way back. That would be where her journey really began. On the seventh night though, only about a mile east of Fangorn, they were attacked by Eomer and two thousand riders. Morlyn could sense