Finding Hope The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. October 30, 1929 I hear the radio as I jog down the stairs of our large, two-story house. I notice my father sitting in the living room with his head bent towards it, listening intently to what is being said. Something feels different, but I can't quite put my finger on it. I want to stop and ask what's wrong, but the food being served in the kitchen smells wonderful, and I'm running late as it is. Bella, my fiancé, is waiting on me to pick her up for school. Walking through the house, I take in the beautiful furniture my mother has carefully handpicked over the years. The brown, Danish sofa and matching chairs sit perfectly aligned, facing each other. Lamps, paintings and bookshelves give the room a homey feeling. It's exactly what my father, the doctor, wants for his family-luxuries most of my friends are not afforded. Alice, my eleven-year-old sister, is at the table eating and chatting with our housekeeper, Thelma, who is more like family since she's been with us since I was born. My mother sits with them, not saying a word, which is not normal. She's usually chatting away with Thelma about the latest gossip. "Morning," I say, grabbing two pieces of bacon from a plate in the center of the table. There are eggs warming on our new gas stove, which matches the new electric refrigerator, but I don't have time to sit and eat. I'm reminded repeatedly by Bella that I should always be prompt. A giggle erupts from Alice when I stuff a whole piece of bacon in my mouth and mumble, "Abyssinia." I grin at her over my shoulder as I walk out the kitchen. I notice Father is no longer in front of the radio, but find him on the porch when I open the door to leave. It's obvious he has something on his mind, but Bella's going to be upset if I'm late. "Dad? I'm running late. Can this wait?" I'm already down the front stairs. "I'm afraid I need to speak to you now, son." His tone is grave, so I stop all movement and turn to face him. My father is always upbeat and patient, but his somber tone tells me something is seriously wrong. So when he pats me on my shoulder, I give him my undivided attention. "Last night the stock market crashed." He rubs his temples. Green eyes, so much like my own, are filled with fear, and all of a sudden, I'm sure mine reflect the same emotion. I've never seen my father afraid of anything. "I don't understand. Will this affect us?" I ask, worrying about Bella's and my wedding in June. "I'm waiting to hear from my accountant. I'm … not sure just how bad it is. It could be nothing." He pauses and looks around the yard. "You're a man now, so I just want you to know these things. I may need your help." "Of course, Father. Whatever you need." I know I need to act like the man he believes me to be, and he looks worried, but I can't help to think we'll be fine. He's always been smart with our money. "Well, Bella's waiting." I shift from foot to foot, anxious to get a move on. "So I'll be home for supper?" He nods, and I rush out the front gate, running the one block to Bella's house. I nearly knock Mr. Swan down as he walks out the door. He seems a little more preoccupied than usual. It must be whatever is going on with the stock market. Charlie Swan works for one of the largest banks in Chicago, having started as a janitor and working his way up the ranks over the years. "Edward! Slow down." His voice is stern. "Sorry, Mr. Swan, Bella doesn't like it when we're late." I rush past him, ignoring his warning. "Just slow down, son." I hear him grumble behind me. I sneak up behind Bella. She is standing at the sink, cleaning the breakfast dishes. My arms wrap around her, and I kiss her neck, startling her and causing her to jump and let out a squeal. "Edward! My mother is upstairs." She turns around, giggling in my arms. She shifts from foot to foot, nervous her mother will walk in on us. "One kiss before school. That's all I want. Come on, baby," I beg, giving her a wink and a grin. "Oh, Edward, you're such a ham!" She looks over my shoulder, making sure the coast is clear. Standing on her tiptoes, she tilts her head up as I lean down, gently pressing our lips together. She smiles into the kiss as I brush back her chestnut hair and stare into her deep brown eyes. "I love you, Isabella Swan." "I love you, too," she whispers against my lips. I pull her to my chest, holding her face in my hand. My tongue tickles her lips, begging for permission to enter. We've only used tongue a few times, and it always drives me crazy. She's hesitant, but slips her tongue out, brushing it gently against mine. She whimpers, and the sound causes a tightening in my pants. "Isabella, you and Edward are going to be late for school," her mother calls from the other room, causing Bella and I to jump a part and my pecker to immediately deflate, which is a good thing because she wanders in a moment later. "Good morning, Mrs. Swan." I give her my best smile. "Run along you two," she says, walking away, seeming distracted. I'm getting more and more concerned. Both sets of our parents are distracted and acting strange this morning. "Yes, Mother. Come along, Edward." Bella's words pull me out of my thoughts, and we start our short trip to school, trying to be quick, but it's hard because Bella tries to bury her face in my shoulder as we walk. I stop and turn her to face me but she tries to hide her face. "Bella, look at me. It's fine. Your mother had no idea what we were doing, and I think she was distracted this morning anyway." She huffs out a breath of frustration. "She knew exactly what we were doing, Edward! Oh, God! What must she think of me?" "Bella, stop. Your mother knows you're a good girl. Everyone knows." My tone is a little harsh. "I don't care, Edward. From now on, this bank is closed until June 15th." She closes her lips tight, making her meaning clear. There's no way I can wait until we get married to kiss her again. "You do not mean that, Isabella Swan." My tone makes it clear that the thought of no more kisses is more than irritating. "I do, Edward. I can't have my mother thinking I'm one of those fast girls. She already judges me for hanging around Rose and Jessica." She turns and walks away, leaving me with my mouth agape. "Now, that's a bunch of baloney!" I call after her. "Why should I be cut off because what your mother may or may not think. It's bad enough I have to wait for something else…." Her glaring at me cuts me off. "Edward Masen Cullen! Is that all I mean to you? Why don't we just shack-up?" Her tears start falling, and I feel like a cad. Bella takes waiting until we're married very seriously, and honestly, so do I. Sometimes, I just let my frustration get the best of me. I take her gently by the arm. "C'mon, Baby, I'm sorry. You mean so much more than that to me. I can't wait to call you Mrs. Isabella Cullen." I brush the hair from her face. "You know how much I love you." She smiles up at me, my words having the desired effect. I hate when my girl is upset, especially when it's my fault. "Oh, Edward! I promise that is not our last kiss until the wedding-just not with parents close by." "Sure thing, gorgeous girl. Now let's get to class," I say before grabbing her hand and pulling her through the door of our high school. ... After school we hang out with our closest friends. Emmett, my best friend since I could walk, leans over and gives me a nudge. "So, are you going to make whoopee before the wedding? I swear you and Bella are acting like it's the 1800's and not 1929." I know saving ourselves for our wedding night will make it more special-well, that's what Bella keeps telling me-but listening to the girls flapping their traps about the wedding one bleacher below, reminds me just how long eight months is. Bella insists it's hardly anytime at all-oh, how wrong she is. Mike laughs as he shakes his head. "Hey, Emmett, butt me." Emmett tosses his pack of Lucky Strikes over to him and shakes his head at me. "You're so dizzy over that dame. It's a little pathetic." Mike lights up a Lucky, takes a drag and looks over to me. "Emmett's got a point there. I mean what's all the hoo-ha about waiting until you're married? 'Why buy the cow if you can get the milk for free?'" He sounds more like a girl than a man as he mocks the age old idiom parents whipped out to keep their daughters pure. Unfortunately for me, Bella bought into it. I just shake my head at the both of those fellas. "None of your beeswax. Is it getting harder for me every day? Yes, but I will wait because she's it for me." My eyes drift over to Bella; her answering smile lets me know she's worth the wait. "Yeah, and Charlie Swan is on payola with one of the city's most notorious criminals." Emmett laughs, enjoying the fact that my future father-in-law is practically a criminal. I give Emmett a punch to the shoulder because he's right; one wrong move and I'm sure Charlie Swan will call in a favor from his old buddy to give me the old kiss off. "I don't understand how an upstanding businessman is best friends with a gangster." Mike stands up and stretches, staring at the girls. "I don't either, but apparently they grew up together." I watch Bella stand and smooth out her dress. It's my sign she's ready to go. The girls walk over and wrap their arms around their fella. Both Emmett and Mike give their girls tongue kisses, but I wouldn't dare make a scene like that out in public with Bella, especially since she had threatened to cut me off earlier. Instead, I give her a chaste kiss on the lips. I take my girl by the hand and lead her down the bleachers. "We gotta make tracks," I say to our friends. "I have to get Bella home before her father blows something." I've seen Charlie Swan get in a lather, and I don't ever want it directed at me. I walk Bella back home, through what seems to be pandemonium on the streets. Men are standing around the streets reading the blat and chattering like old gossip hounds. One of them holds a copy of Variety in his hand, so I glance over and take note of the headline: "Wall Street Lays an Egg." All of a sudden, I'm more anxious to get home and talk to my father. When we finally reach Bella's house, we find her father's car in the driveway. "Your dad's home early." For some reason the sight of his car causes panic to rise in my chest. Bella pulls away, walking towards the house. "I hope everything is all right." We walk into the house hand in hand and find Bella's parents sitting around the radio. Her father's suit jacket is thrown over