Black Wind Blowing The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. There's a long black cloud a hanging in the sky Weather's gonna break and hell's gonna fly -Woodie Guthrie 1934 Her daddy always said that you weren't smart until you were poor. Poor folk were the true intellects, he said. Geniuses, in the face of poverty. Professional masterminds, because necessity made you think different. Need made you think big and wide open. Want made you see things for what they could be, instead of just what they were. When you were poor, newspapers became wallpaper. Sacks of flour became new dresses, and worn out tablecloths became handkerchiefs. The brittle old tires off the tractor became a sandbox and dried cornhusks became dolls, dots for eyes and scraps of fabric for clothing. Tumbleweeds became dinner, soaked in vinegar long enough that the thistles were chewable. It hadn't always been this way. Bella's family came from the gill-stuffed corners of the east coast. Fled the miles and miles of concrete and asphalt, the crowds of people living on top of one another like sardines in a can. Escaped a basement apartment that was only two rooms and always smelled like exhaust from the cars chugging outside their sidewalk-level windows. They came with everything they owned strapped in a cart, two fresh horses, and all the hope they had. Oklahoma was heaven compared to the life they had left behind. The prairie rolled out big and wide with nothing to stop the view of the skyline. The air smelled clean, and the grass came up green and lush, soft as a fresh-born lamb. The summers were warm, and the winters were brutal but survivable. Springtime always came along to renew their hope, together in their little house on the homestead all their own. They had a garden, chickens, some pigs, even a bee hive. They had a promissory note from the government for twenty-five acres and the shade of the only cottonwood tree for five miles. They had four good years of wheat fields and jars of strawberry jam and a basement full of potatoes. Milk and honey, sweet as life could be. Then the drought came. You could see it in everything: the cracks in the earth, the cracks in the paint, the cracks in the soles of their feet. Not one single drop of water for miles or days or even weeks. Not a single inch of rain all summer long. Not a single cloud to break up the endless empty sky. With the drought came the grasshoppers. With the grasshoppers came the jackrabbits. With the jackrabbits came the snakes and the vultures and the ribcage coyotes, and then they all got chased away by the blistering, burning sun. They all fled in apocalypse stampedes that ushered in the storms, every living thing on the prairie fleeing the onslaught that was bearing down across the flatlands. When the storms came, they came two miles high. Thick as mud and blacker than hell and higher than the stars. Big and roaring and picking up every grain of drought-ridden wasteland for hundreds of miles and just flinging it all down on them. Sand rubbed the paint off the barn; sand pushed through every crack in the house; sand poured down from the attic, and sand came up through the floorboards. The first year there were three storms. The next, fourteen. Last year, there had been thirty-eight sand blizzards. If they were in the Bible, this place was worse than Egypt. Bella had exactly one row of potatoes left to dig up. Small, hard red things that felt more like rocks and needed about the same amount of cooking to make them edible. Two and half rows of corn, gone pale and brittle under the sun, whispering their death rattle all night long. She had a cache of apples in the basement, as long as one hadn't gone rotten and ruined the entire barrel. There were two sacks of cornmeal and a single sack of snow-fine flour that she was already picking mealworms out of. There was one tin can full of grease, four-and-a-half candles, and not nearly enough hope to make it through another blistering hot summer. But, no matter what, she couldn't leave. She couldn't leave the woodstove, the one her momma insisted they haul with them from back east, no matter how heavy or cumbersome or how many horses died to get it clear out to the prairies. She couldn't leave the sow, the only animal left, gone thin and mean off the bare scraps she had left to feed it. Couldn't leave the crooked little house her papa had built with his own two hands, the sounds of his hammer still ringing in her ears and his smile burning a ghost kiss on her heart. She couldn't leave the row of headstones just beyond the small rise to the south that used to bloom violets every year but was now just a sand pit. If no one went to scoop away the ever-shifting dunes, they'd be lost forever. Everyone else gave up eventually. The last family left before dawn on Sunday. Packed what they could and abandoned the rest, pulling out of town just as the sun was rising, cashing in on a new dawn for a new life. Bella was certain that very act counted as some sort of blasphemy. No matter how desolate or dried up or impossible to live off of it was, to abandon God's land on the very day He set aside for worshipping was wrong. To give up, give in, throw away every hour of dirt-digging and water-searching and stubborn make-it-work hope on the very day when your heart was supposed to be at its fullest with blind faith, to go chasing off after some faint promise without even knowing if it was worth chasing after… As far as Bella knew, things weren't that much better in any direction. North, south, east, west… it was all just desperation and dust. With the Pratchetts gone, Bella was the only one left. Felt, Oklahoma Population, 1 ... Bella spent most of her nights seated by the fire, twisting hay into small, tight clumps fit to burn for light, reading passages in the watery firelight from the single book she had left. It was a worn out romance novel with a fraying cover stamped in gold leaf, set in a castle with descriptions of food that made her mouth water, and love that made her heart ache. Loneliness was her only housemate. These days, she was adrift on a vast ocean of sand, with no land in sight. ... She was kneeling in the dirt, the sun blistering her neck as she pawed for rock potatoes, when he showed up. "Excuse me, ma'am." His voice was rough as sandpaper and had her jumping out of her skin. She caught her breath by the tail and held a hand to her chest to keep her heart inside, scrambling ungracefully to her feet. He was tall and broad, his shadow splaying out over her shoulders, but when she tried to look at him, his face was haloed by a sun so bright she had to shield her eyes. "Pardon. Didn't mean to startle ya." He had his hat off, a sorry-looking Stetson, the felt gone dark with sweat around the brim. His hair was plastered to his forehead, and his collar was undone at the neck, skin glistening in the heat. There was a gleam of something on his mouth that Bella hadn't seen in so long, she couldn't even remember the name of it for a moment. So long, it was damn near confusing. A smile. Half-cocked and tired-looking, but a smile, nonetheless. "You did, though. Not right sneaking up on a person like that," she scolded. She tried to dust off her dress, but it hadn't had a decent washing in so long that it didn't do her much good, stained around the hem and wrists and neck. Besides all that, it was patched together from six old flour sacks, so it wasn't like it was fancy enough to worry about keeping clean. She shuffled her hands into the fabric to hide how dirty they were from digging for her dinner, but she hadn't had a decent washing in even longer than her clothing. She was sure she was as dirt-smudged and sand-stained as her dress, whether or not he saw her hands. "I'm looking for the sheriff. Know where I can find him?" The fellow looked off toward the little town just beyond the shifting sand dunes, the pointed crests of rooflines poking their noses into the air like a smoke blue ruffle of low-lying clouds. "Ain't no one left." Bella shook her head. His eyebrows came together hard in the middle, and he glanced around the yard: the pitchfork in the dirt at her feet, and the house slumped against the always-pushing wind, the sand-rubbed paint peeling off the siding, and the front door squawking on rusty hinges. The cottonwood that used to shade the yard had died a few years ago and now stood sentry over the house like a skeleton over its own grave. "You all by yourself?" he asked, his gaze coming back to her. Bella could only shrug and dig her bare toes into the hot dirt, licking her dried out lips. Alone was normal, not as odd as he made it sound. She'd been solitary for so long that she wasn't sure how to interact with someone. And yet, here was a man with big strong shoulders and wild copper hair and a giant hand held out in her direction. She'd never shaken a man's hand before; it seemed so out of sorts when she knew she should be remembering her manners and curtseying. But common courtesy seemed long gone in the middle of this desert wasteland, so she put her palm to his. "Name's Cullen. Edward," he said slowly, still smiling crookedly at her as though he thought she was a hallucination. "Pleased to meet you, ma'am." "I ain't no ma'am," Bella laughed. "You got a name, then?" "Bella," she muttered. "Isabella." "Well, Bella." He rolled her name around on his tongue like it tasted extra sweet, and then he squinted off across the sand. "I think I'll go have a look 'round town myself. Just to check things out. You gonna be here, if I come back?" "Course. Got no where else to be." Bella wrapped her hand around the smooth handle of the pitchfork, just for something to hold on to. Edward plopped his dusty hat back onto his head. She watched him go, a limp russack slung over his shoulder and his head turning back to glance at her, until he was nothing but a speck of dark on the crest of a dune, disappearing toward the cloud town like a bird sailing over the rolling ocean. ... The knock came just as the sun dipped beyond the horizon. Bella jumped to her feet, her hay twist falling to the floor between her feet and her heart leaping up into her mouth. There hadn't been a visitor since long before the drought. Everyone was too busy trying to survive to pay visits to one another. Entertainment, conversation, laughter: it all went by the wayside in the face of dehydrated death. The thieves though... they were the only sort of visitors left. She had heard of them ransacking houses up north, taking what little was left and leaving folks without even a way to escape their hollow homes. Pilching food and livestock and candles, taking the clothing off people's backs and disappearing into the prairie as though they had never even been there. As fast as the storms themselves came and went. There was a gun on top of the stove: an old single-action Colt, polished shiny silver, already