Pressing for Love The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Sometimes she preferred working at the steam presses, even though it was miserable work and she could feel the heat of the steam scalding her face and hands. Sometimes if she was careless, she'd catch her fingertips against the hot plates and burn them. When she worked the steam press it was better because her back was to the windows and she wasn't distracted by the outside world. She didn't see the shift of daylight as the dawn broke over Washington Square and transitioned through each stage of the day towards sunset. She didn't see the clouds move through the sky, or the rain or snow pelting the arched windows. She didn't see the days of her life passing by in a cloud of steam and cotton fiber dust. But that was alright. That meant she focused on her job. She counted the seconds each piece was pressed, counted the pieces she made and assured herself that her pay wouldn't be docked for a scorched piece of cuff or collar, front piece or back piece. Center the cuff, pull down the lever and let the steam press do its job. Pile the pieces, twenty-five at a time next to the machine, keeping count to make sure she was meeting her quota. Her eyes would drift to the clock over the elevator towards the Washington Place exit after every fourth pile. On a good day, one hundred cuffs or collars would equal fifteen minutes. Four hundred cuffs or collars meant an hour. After sixteen hundred, she would get fifteen minutes to eat the sandwich that she packed and wrapped in waxed cloth and kept in her coat pocket, which lay neatly with her hat and small handbag, on the floor under the machine. Then it was back to work. If she was ahead of herself by at least fifty pieces, she'd get to take a quick break around noon. She'd run and use the water closet on the fifth floor and rush back up to the tenth before falling behind. But only if she was ahead of herself by at least fifty pieces. Her day ended at seven. In the cold winter that meant it was already dark when she stepped out onto the sidewalk. The new electric street lights that lined Cooper Union Square gave off a noticeable buzz, drowned out only by the sound of chatter as the exhausted workers finally gave voice to whatever thoughts they'd held in for the last nine hours. Foremen docked them for speaking on the job- unless it was required as part of their duties, which it rarely was. "Bella!" She heard her name over the din of the exiting workers and saw a small hand covered in brown leather jumping up over the hats of the ladies as they streamed down the sidewalk. She couldn't help but smile. "Alice," she said, the smile spreading over her face even as she felt the cold air sting her overheated cheeks. "You're still coming with me, right?" Mary Alice Brandon was a force with which to be reckoned. She'd heard about the meeting at Cooper Union. Local 25 of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union was holding a general meeting regarding workers' rights for all employees of The Triangle Company (some of whom had already gone on strike) -and opening it to all other garment workers regarding workers rights. Alice had latched onto the idea of reforming the system. For weeks there had been murmurs as workers had passed each other in the narrow aisles of the factory. The women exchanged quick whispers about those that had joined the picket lines and the increased violence that they faced. It was rumored that the bosses had hired thugs to beat the striking workers, and prostitutes to join the picket lines so that the police would have no choice but to arrest any woman with them for being street walkers. Each day for nearly two months since the limited strike began, the murmurs grew louder. Things needed to change, and it was clear that a more widespread movement would be the only way. "Yes, Alice, I promised I would go, but only if we were home by midnight. That's when my father needs to leave for the docks, and Mama doesn't like to be home alone at night." Alice hooked her arm through Bella's and let out a happy squeal. How anyone could be so happy after a thirteen hour shift, Bella had no idea. Her arms ached and her neck was sore. She felt closer to her mother's age of thirty-six than her own seventeen years. "Come on!" Alice said cheerfully pulling her across Waverley Place, "We can walk through the park." The daylight had long faded as the two young women joined scores of others as they headed east through the park and past the famous white arch. Bella was slightly sad that it was no longer lined with lights from the Hudson-Fulton Festival that had taken place during the late summer. That had been a sight to see. The lights had been strung everywhere, turning night into day for weeks. Even the Brooklyn Bridge had been lit and people had spent those few weeks meandering through the streets to marvel at everything. Even though the lights were no longer there the park still had a lot of foot traffic from nearby New York University. There were many young men wearing smart suits walking the same way they were engaging the women in conversation. Alice, ever the chatter bug spoke with them, but Bella kept her eyes on the sidewalk, too shy to answer. Soon they reached Cooper Union and saw that the line for entrance reached down and around the building. As the line slowly moved and they approached the entrance, Alice tugged on Bella's sleeve. "Look at that Bella," Alice said coming to a halt at the sight of a young man in uniform with curly blond hair stepping out of a well equipped black motor car. He turned and held out his hand to help a young woman down from the passenger carriage. "Look at that hat! And that dress!" Alice sighed. "One day, I will have that!" Bella followed Alice's eye line, which was clearly focused on the man in uniform. "The hat, the dress, the motor car, or the man?" Bella asked wryly. "Any of them," Alice laughed and waved her hand towards the couple. "How about all of them?" She turned to Bella and they both broke out in laughter. "Come on Mary Alice," Bella pulled her along and Alice couldn't help but look at the blond couple as they fell in behind them. "Isabella Swan, one day, I'm going to get you to admit that you have dreams and aspirations about something more than spending your days bent over a steam iron at the Triangle Shirtwaist Company." "That is my dream, Mary Alice Brandon. To not spend my days bent over a steam iron anywhere, ever again." They both laughed as they walked up the stairs and into Cooper Union. "Edward. Esme." Major Jasper Whitlock greeted the brother and sister as they found their seats inside Cooper Union. "Rosalie, I'm surprised you made it." Edward Mason said from behind his sister Esme as he reached out and shook the Major's hand. "Well, Esme has been talking about this pet project of hers for days, so I thought I'd see what she was all fired up about." Rosalie looked around the meeting room, her cool blue eyes assessing the crowd of mostly young women speaking in Yiddish and Italian, or with heavy Irish accents or the occasional dreadful lower class New York accent bleeding through. Edward got the impression that if she could, she would be any where in the world other than here. Most likely, her older brother Carlisle had insisted she come. Carlisle, Esme's husband, was on the board of the Anti-Tubercular committee for the city and worked as a doctor at St. Vincent's Hospital. He worked long hard hours after his shifts visiting the tenements of the city to help eradicate the disease. As a medical student himself, Edward applauded his brother-in-law's actions and looked forward to the time that he could work along side him. When Carlisle and Esme had gotten married, Carlisle's progressive political leanings had rubbed off on his young brother in law. Only fifteen at the time, Edward had been impressionable, and looked up to the young doctor. Edward and Esme had been orphaned for three years at the point, and at first Edward had been wary that Carlisle was only interested in Esme for her inheritance. But soon it became obvious that theirs was a love match and Carlisle loved Esme despite her fortune, not because of it. Their marriage had caused a ripple in New York society, and even now they were still on the fringes of Mrs. Astor's Four Hundred despite their wealth and family history as true Knickerbockers. It was through Carlisle that they'd made the acquaintance of Major Jasper Whitlock. He'd been a doctor with the Army Medical Corps stationed in Panama, working alongside Colonel William Gorgas towards eradicating yellow fever and malaria. Now he was stationed in the city working with Carlisle on other airborne illnesses. Carlisle had hoped that his sister Rosalie would make a match with the handsome military officer, but those hopes had been dashed rather quickly. While Rosalie had no problem being escorted around town by him, she had her sights set much higher in society, namely Royce King III, whose father was a real estate magnate in the city and a crony of JP Morgan. The din of voices in the hall grew louder and further conversation amongst their party became too difficult to maintain, so Edward found himself looking around the room. Most of the attendees were either students who held progressive political views, or young women, younger than himself even at twenty, not more than teenagers really. He could tell that they lived much harder lives than he had, and that aged them prematurely. They carried themselves proudly and he admired that greatly. There was no anger in the air, just steely determination. He couldn't help but think that it was because it was women leading this movement. If it were, say the stevedores, the atmosphere would be completely different. But these women, from different nations and religions, were banding together to help make the world a better place. Esme had told him about the reasons behind this meeting, and it was all the talk on campus amongst the political set; the workers were demanding better wages and working conditions, shorter work days and set salaries instead of piece work. There were some that were calling for full out unionization of the garment industry and the word strike was whispered from person to person as if it were a sin to say it too loud. Edward and Esme had arrived early so that they could secure seats for their party. They sat about midway through the audience, on the outside aisle. He turned and looked to his left and realized that there were more people than seats. There were two young women standing at the end of their row and Edward's ingrained sense of propriety demanded that he stand. "Esme, Rose, would you mind moving down?" he asked as he stood. Jasper quickly gleaned his intent and also stood. "Ladies," Jasper drawled in his southern accent as he gestured towards the two seats that were now available. "Oh," the smaller of the two stood and stared at Jasper for a moment before she smiled demurely. "We couldn't," she said looking down. "We insist," Edward said looking at her companion. For a second he felt as if he'd been poleaxed as her brown eyes met his. He didn't know what it was