Saved from the Flames The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Men are quite fond of informing women of how fortunate they are. It seems every time I open my mouth, I am told, not the value of my thoughts or even my fortune for being gifted with an intellect, but my luck for being able to express a thought in mixed company. "Why just years ago, you would not have been permitted to sit in the parlor with men such as us, and would never have been inspired with concepts such as those, Isabella." I most often chose to ignore these comments and spar to show that my intellect is my own, but sometimes I can tell it is not worth the effort. One sure sign of such is if the gentleman in question tells me I am fortunate to live in a time in which love is valued. If he starts quoting Chaucer, I know to fake an illness to escape his presence as quickly as possible. I am sure that in my grandmother's time, men would tell their silent wives "well just a generation ago, you would have been tried a witch for asking such a question." Before that, perhaps they may have admonished women who wished a part in choosing their own husbands and time of their marriage with a retelling of Rachel's patience in her engagement as a second wife to Jacob. Doubtlessly Adam turned to Eve after her first complaint to tell her, "Why are you unhappy, if you had been born a day earlier, you would have been made out of mud, yet you are blessed to have been shaped out of my precious rib." When I first read the Bible, I half expected to see such a complaint from the first woman, but alas, the Good Book has been edited by so many men for so many years, every last morsel of heroine has been picked off from the tale of Adam's rib. Perhaps if the printing press had been invented by Gutenburg's great-great-grandfather, we would have a different version of the story. But, as I am so often reminded, I should consider myself lucky to have been born in a time when books can be reproduced at a cost that even women are able to pour over the black and white words. How fortunate for some, yet unfortunately for others it cost them their lives. I shake my head to rid myself of the gruesome images now forming. I often find myself drifting between thoughts of theology and those of science. My cousin tells me this is a good thing, that none of us should limit our minds by making distinctions between the body and the soul. If I am indeed a possessor of the magical substance of luck, the best evidence of this is that my cousin, Michael Servetus, was named my guardian after both of my parents succumbed to the pestilence and rejoined our Creator. Originally I think he saw me as a burden, but I soon proved myself to him both with my intellect and my loyalty. When we left Italy, eventually settling in Paris, we both took the name de Villeneuve and to the outside world I was his companion, not his ward. I am lucky to have earned my cousin's respect and companionship. But I am not foolish enough to believe that the punishment I will face if we are ever discovered will be far greater for me than for him. Which is perhaps why I was nervously pacing in our sitting room while Michael sat in his study, reading or perhaps working on another scathing letter to Calvin. A few weeks ago, a letter arrived, addressed to Mssr. Villeneuve, requesting an audience to discuss the doctor's opinion on an unusual case of a patient being treated by blood-letting. This was no immediate cause for concern. It does not take long for a physician of my cousin's ability to gain a reputation. But from the moment I opened the letter to read it to my companion, I was plagued by a strange feeling about its author and his true intent. I stood closer to the parlor fire, taking advantage of both the warmth and light of the flames as I poured over the words for the hundredth time. There was nothing explicit to cause concern. But, the more closely I looked the more I was tempted to shiver in my woolen gown. The penmanship was more than fine - each letter was perfectly formed and identical to its character on each place of the page. It was almost as if the letter was created on a press, but no machinery could create lines so fine as the words of Dr. Cullen's letter. It was one sentence in particular that intrigued Michael enough to invite this Dr. Cullen to our home, and this is the one that frightens me the most. "The patient's hands and feet seem to suffer from a lack of air, as if the journey from lungs and heart to these extremities has been impacted." Michael was impressed by this theory, as it matched his own beliefs of how the organs work together to nourish our bodies. I wondered if he was being purposely forgetful of the fact that no one we had met in any University or hospital believed the blood worked this way. In fact, the only description I had ever heard or read of such a process was in a book now extremely rare, for most copies had been gathered up and set aflame by Calvin. If I did not know him better, I would worry my cousin had forgotten this passage on the nature of circulation in his Christianismi Restitutio. It was a minor concern compared to his arguments against the theologies of the trinity and predestination. I could feel my cap loosening from my hair, a symptom of my constantly furrowing brow. What an annoyance the feminine fashions could be, to always be tripping on our skirts and be bothered with covering our hair. I willed myself to be calm and consider the puzzle of Dr. Cullen as a scientist, rather than a woman who had much to risk by having her identity discovered. If he was, indeed, a spy of Calvin, Cullen would no doubt tip his hand while I entertained him. Michael and I had agreed on a signal - two candles placed next to each other in the front window, if it was unsafe for him to return home. It would then be my job to convince our foe that I was just a silly woman, unworthy of even taking in for questions, and a servant would bring a notice that Michael would not be back that evening. I would then begin our preparations to leave the country, and we'd become refugees in another country. Before I could become completely distracted with the long list of tasks to prepare for our travel and relocation, there was a knock at the door. I took one last calming breath before opening it, letting in a bright stream of light and an unrecognizable, but delicious scent. I was too blinded by daylight, cloudy as it was, to take in the features of the man who stood on the threshold. I gave a small curtsy toward his black shape and kept my eyes humbly downcast with a demur "Dr. Cullen, won't you please come in." Nothing happened. The black shape remained so still I wondered if an effigy had been placed on the doorstop and this was indeed the precursor to an attack on our recent safety. But, as my eyes adjusted from the relative dim of the fire and candlelight of our parlor, I could make out the face staring into mine. It was no straw or gourd representation; it was the most beautiful face I had ever seen. I was so entranced by the golden eyes that it took me a moment too long to take in the beardless jaw that was obviously tensed, and the fine nose that was flared in undoubtable fury. My heart stopped and I froze, caught in the man's gaze like a small mouse. I blinked, and in that instant the face in front of me transformed. The tightly pressed lips now formed a soft smile, the eyes softer, but full of questions. "Lady de Villeneuve, it is a pleasure to meet you." He stepped over the threshold and the delicious scent grew stronger. It made me dizzy for a moment, and I bit my lip with my eyes trained to the floor while I tried to collect myself. Admonishing myself for appearing so meek, I forced myself to look up into the man's face again. We had few candles in the entryway, and the dim light made it easier for me to keep my composure. "Michael has been delayed," my voice uncharacteristically shook, and I cleared my throat before continuing. "Won't you please come in and have some wine while we wait for him." His golden eyes narrowed slightly, but the doctor entered and I took his cloak, before leading him into our sitting room. "I do not require any wine, Lady," Edward said before I could reach for the bottle. "But, please, enjoy for yourself, if you wish." I allowed a small smile, but stepped away from the table and gestured for him to sit before settling into my own chair on the opposite side of the hearth. "My cousin has shared some of the information about your patient," I started. "He will be in my prayers, and I sincerely hope Michael will be able to assist you in his healing." One eyebrow raised, wrinkling the perfect brow. "Are you always the spiritual caretaker for your cousin's patients - he offers them medicine, while you offer them prayers?" "We both offer our prayers, of course. There is only so much even a man such as Michael can do." Dr. Cullen left out a rueful laugh. "I must confess I've met many doctors who are more likely to believe themselves gods, than to sincerely ask for His help." "I assure you Michael is no such man," I replied. I licked my lips, nervous about the trap I was about to set. "He is grateful to our Lord for blessing him with the ability to heal. And, naturally, he wishes for all those who he heals to be blessed with His forgiveness and that their lives may earn them a place in heaven." My guest's expression became a smirk, and he leaned forward onto his knees, as if to speak to me conspiratorially, but his lovely voice was still light and casual. "You believe an eternal paradise is to be earned? Not many share your opinion in these parts." The trap well placed, I arched my own eyebrow at him before replying in a steady voice. "You are a medical doctor, so you have likely saved many men from death, and probably more from suffering and pain, correct?" My heart hammered in my chest as I met his golden-eyed gaze. "Yes." He drew back and suddenly turned away from me, gazing into the fire in the hearth. It appeared that he was holding his breath, but he couldn't be going without air for the minutes that passed. I shook my head, and closed my eyes, telling myself that the dim light and my anxiety must be playing tricks on me. "Yet, some think," I started, then paused to look deep into my glass of wine, wishing for it to give me courage though I hadn't yet taken a sip. "Some think that before you ever sat through a lecture, before you even first latched onto your mother's breast, God determined that you should burn in hell, and nothing you could ever do would change it." As I ended my tirade, I looked up from the