PRECIOUS CARGO The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. … My father was always a meticulous man. One particular memory I have of him was when he came home one evening and started playing Patsy Cline on the record player. He was dressed in a silk robe and stood in our bathroom, smoking cigarette after cigarette as he organized my mother's medicine cabinet. It drove her fucking nuts; he'd rearranged their prescription bottles in alphabetical order. He did things like this often, anything to keep busy. I never understood it until I started adopting these little idiosyncrasies of my own. They started sometime after I joined his business, when the stress really started kicking in. "You need help with those, man?" Mikey asked. I was elbow-deep in the liquor bottles (not actually drunk, not yet) trying to separate the dark liquors from the clear ones. "Leave him alone," my father defended. I heard him chuckle. "Kid's a fucking nut." He was an asshole like that, but I could understand not wanting to give himself away by saying he struggled with the same issues I had. I straightened and turned to the bartender, Jessica. She was cleaning tables with a dishrag when I addressed her and didn't look up until I started complaining. "This place is a fucking mess." The guys cackled loudly and so did Jess, finding me fucking hilarious. "Hey," I said. She stopped giggling abruptly and dropped her hand. "Don't laugh at me." Carlisle, said father, slipped a hundred bucks Jessica's way. "Honey, why don't you stay after and clean the place up a bit? Make sure everything's spotless for tight-ass over there." She stared at him a moment, looking lost as she glanced between us. "Y-yeah, I guess." Believe me, I wasn't always this crazy. People like me, the ones who find themselves obsessing over little shit that other people don't notice or care about, didn't become this lost on their own. It takes a lot of time and plenty of thought to become a whack job like me. "You guess, or you will?" Dad asked, clearly as concerned about this situation as I was. The guys stopped laughing and looked to Jessica, waiting to gauge her reaction. Jessica didn't just get this job on a whim and she sure as fuck didn't stumble upon a 'help wanted' sign sitting in the window (we didn't hire just anybody and we definitely weren't looking to fill this position with a woman). We found Jessica when she was fourteen, working a pole in some rundown joint in Chicago. My father, being the charitable, upstanding citizen that he was, took her under his wing. "I'll handle it," she said firmly, flitting her eyes to me. "It'll be spic and span, Mr. O'Cullen." I shrugged, pretending I didn't give a fuck (I made a mental note to check that shit later). "Edward, why don't you come sit with me?" Dad asked, walking back to his table where a group of guys who worked for him sat. More specifically, those he actually gave a shit about, such as James, Pete, and his new man, Charles. We called him Little Geezer to mess with him, but if you'd actually met the guy you'd think we were nuts. This guy was in his late forties (I'll settle it now by saying he didn't look a day over thirty), a fucking ex-Navy Seal and son of Charles Swan Sr., my father's deceased rival. Senior used to be the Chicago boss but was murdered in sixty-two by one of his own, something I knew little about. Why junior came here was beyond me, but my father trusted him and that was enough. I met them at the table, taking a seat across from my father. Jessica set a drink down in front of me and I thanked her as Pete moved to the spot beside me. "How are you doing, kid?" Pete asked, slapping a hand over my back. "You got yourself a girl yet?" I bit my tongue, ready to ask him the same question. I'd yet to see Pete successfully settle down with someone and he was older than Little Geezer. "Edward doesn't want to settle down, he's a little boy," my father said, pursing his lips. I grimaced. "It's the eighties; kids don't give a shit about marriage anymore." He took a drink and rubbed his fingers together. "It's all about the money." I shrugged. My occupation meant something to me, but then again, I couldn't say I cared much about the money. I had more cash than I knew what to do with, and that was saying a lot for a twenty-four-year-old in the eighties. "Why do I need a wife?" I replied simply. "Why wouldn't you?" Pete retorted. "What are you a fag? You like sucking cocks or something?" My father had interrupted before I had the chance to clock Pete in the nose, settling our dispute with one word: "Love." Pete shook his head. "Hey, love ain't got shit to do with it. You just have to take the initiative. Go out there and find a broad you can tolerate, put a ring on her finger and it's done. Maybe that love shit will come later." Dad threw his head back, chuckling. He pointed to Pete, his laugh hysterical and his eyes glossed with tears. "This is why he's on his third divorce." He slapped Pete on the back. "I can't get enough of this guy." He shook his head. "You're a special kind of stupid, you know that? Stop getting married and save yourself a couple grand, all right?" Pete glared at him and we all chuckled. I took a swig of my drink and relaxed back in my chair as my father lit up a cigarette. Smoke filled the air between us and I sighed as they once again started talking. "Why don't you boys go get yourselves a couple of drinks?" Dad asked. He nodded to me. "Give me some time alone with my son." The guys nodded and quickly slid from the booth. Dad was finishing up his drink when I faced him again. He set his glass down and cut his eyes to me, the grimness in them setting off an internal alarm in my head. I realized then that he was only putting up a charade earlier; something was really nagging away at him. "Come over here," he mumbled, tilting his head to the side. "You afraid of me or something? Can't sit by your ole man?" I sighed and shifted over to the booth, sliding up next to him and taking my drink with me. "How are you, kid? Really?" He leveled his gaze at me. "You handling shit okay? Mo—" I interrupted him, putting an end to his concerned father façade. "I'm fine. I talked to Mom the other day, didn't she tell you?" He shook his head, leaning back in the booth. "That woman doesn't tell me anything. I tried to get her to go to lunch with me the other day, know what she tells me?" I shook my head. " I'm going to yoga ." He did a poor high-pitched imitation of my mother's voice and I laughed. "Crock of shit." "She likes to keep busy." "Hm," he trailed off, narrowing his eyes to the bar. I followed his gaze, wondering why he'd grown cold all of a sudden and noticed he'd been glaring at his men. I flitted my eyes between them rapidly, wondering what the hell his problem was. "What?" I asked. "What is it?" He sighed aloud and combed his fingers through his dirty blonde hair. He dropped his hand and continued to stare at the bar, dead silent again. "You all right, Pop?" I repeated, getting desperate for answers. I laughed, nervous. "You're scaring me here." He finally shifted his eyes to me, his eyes narrowed to slits. "You're a smart kid, so I'm going to take your word on this." He squared his shoulders as he leaned in, lowering his voice to a whisper. "Tell me, what would you do if you thought one of your friends was a backstabber?" I shifted, already getting a feel of where this conversation was going. "I don't—" My father didn't just suffer from a severe case of OCD—he was also a bit of a paranoid schizophrenic. He was constantly underestimating people and writing them off as thieves (disregarding the fact he, himself, was one) and liars. I hated to admit it, but nine times out of ten, he was wrong in these superstitions. The people who worked for him were loyal until the end and valued his trust; they wouldn't do anything to let him think otherwise. "I got a tip the other day," he interrupted before I got the chance to stop his oncoming ramble. I arched an eyebrow. He nodded. "One of my informants, a guy on the inside; the FBI, told me. It happened right before my meet with Clearwater." I nodded, knowing my father had a truce of sorts going with the boss in Chicago, Harry. They were good friends at this point, but knowing Carlisle, he was nothing but another problem in his book. "So, what?" I asked, still confused as to what he was getting at. I noticed one of the guys laughing at the bar and turned to see Pete chuckling. Jessica was presently on the floor by his feet, scrubbing the hardwood with a sponge. I shook my head, ready to tell her not to clean with that when— "We have a rat." His eyes narrowed. "Here, in my bar." "Who?" I queried, jabbing my thumb to the bar. "One of them?" He nodded. "Who else? None of these guys"—he gestured around himself, to the other people sitting around—"know a thing. All I know to be true is that one of my so-called friends over there is feeding everything I say and do back to the FBI and it's only a matter of time before those rats come out to bite me in the ass." Believing he was getting out of hand, I interrupted him. "Why didn't the informant tell you who it was?" He shrugged. "He doesn't know who it was. Atara is doing everything he can to find out, but until then we're fucked." I remembered him mentioning something about this Atara guy, someone he had inside the FBI watching his back. I didn't know how trustworthy the man was, but I couldn't think of a reason why he would lie to my father about something like this. He sighed and shook his head vehemently. He then shot his hand out to take the glass he was holding and chucked it across the room. It hit the furthest wall, shattering to pieces before it hit the ground. No one made a move. They stared at him expectantly, fearing his next move would be lethal. I didn't either. I knew my father would never intentionally keep these guys around knowing one of them were a risk to us. If he were to snap in the next few minutes, there wouldn't be much I could do about it. He was the boss—the king of this organization—and he could kill every last one of us just for looking at him the wrong way. Not that he would, but it certainly wasn't unheard of that one of us lost our temper and fired a gun at someone. Jessica was the first person to inch toward us, grabbing a broom and a dustpan to take care of the mess. I returned my eyes to Carlisle, surprised to find him considerably calm. His posture had loosened some, and his eyes were cast straight ahead and a small, yet unreadable smirk was plastered on his lips. It sent a chill down my spine, believing my father would go insane and snap on one of us at