Deep Down and Low The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Please note that this story is written in a similar style to the pattern of speech and thought in Appalachia in the 1930s. Language and grammar were different than commonly accepted English usage today. Daddy was skinning a squirrel the day the federal man come. His fingers were making quick work of that soft grey skin and that knife lay beside him on the porch, silver and smooth in the morning light. I looked at it, stuck tip down into the edge of the half rotted wooden bannister, and I was not the only one seeing it. Emmett McCarty took off his fancy hat when he addressed Daddy but that man from the government, he didn't at first. He was watching the skinning, his thin grey eyes following that grey pelt down to the blood and bone Daddy was working it loose from, seeing how it soaked through the paper sack underneath. I could see his eyes follow the trail of that blood over to the sack of waiting squirrels and on to the knife blade, and it was about that time, when his gaze lit on the blade, that he reached up quick and pulled off his hat. His hair beneath was slick with pomade, silver as the blade, and combed so stiff his hat had not disturbed it. Daddy never looked up. "You going to say hello, Metzger?" Emmett said with a frog crouching in his throat after several minutes had passed on by with Daddy just working the squirrels and his lip packed with snuff. Daddy flipped another hide into the cast iron pan beside him and reached for the next critter. He'd been in the woods at four this morning and come home with enough animals for a big stew to share with the Hales up the holler. "Mister McCarty, you come to my place with a guvment man, I reckon he can state his own business. I got no greetin' for outsiders they be wantin' me to give. None of them others you brung and not this'n either." That federalist swallered but Emmett kind of smiled. Thing about Daddy, you knowed where you stood. And right then, Emmett and the government man, they stood alive just by Daddy's grace and Mama's hand on his shoulder from heaven. The federalist swayed but he stepped forward a little, his long, smooth fingers on his hat. His voice when he found it at last was thin as the reeds by Cullen's pond. "Mr. Swan, Emmett here tells me that you would like to secure a position in the city for your daughter. If you might be willing to take another look at the TVA's offer, I might be able to help you with an introduction to speed your inquiries after such a position." "I ain't going nowhere in Knoxville less'en I go with Edward." Daddy didn't skeer me but the idea of lighting out of these mountains without Daddy or Edward was enough to bring my temper rushing up. "Daddy, tell him. I ain't going nowhere." "Izbel Marie, you hush. Now." Daddy was pointing at me with the sharp end of his blade. The federal man, his Adam's Apple was wallering from one end of his throat to the other the way the dog, Jesse James, liked to roll from one side of our porch t'other. "And you–" The blade was dangerous close to the man's watch chain on his front breast pocket now. "You going't introduce yourself proper or you're going't to get on down that holler quick, hear?" Daddy would be forty-two in August. He had streaks of grey at his temples and in his mustache but his eyes were dark and deep, brown as our woods with bits of green scattered. Secret eyes, Mama said. She said he knowed them and he kept them, and you could see clear to the man of fifteen she'd married if you looked at him right. She'd been gone since Christmas, lost to pneumonia, was what Dr. Cullen said. All that to say, he wasn't skeery at all, but at four inches taller than six foot, he tended to impose, just by his length. His knuckles on the knife were over large with arthritis but he could gentle. I'd seen him sit up all night with Mama, drawing her shoulders over the steam pot and carrying her to the porch for the cool air, back and forth, and back and forth, a dark giant just a whispering cross the floor. "I am William Black, Esquire, United States Magistrate Judge of the Eastern District of Tennessee. I brought the papers with me, Mister–" "Charles Metzger Swan." Daddy had wiped his right hand on his bibs and extended it to the federal man, who was, even worse, a lawyer. Hand to God, I don't know why Daddy hadn't yet sent him and Emmett back down the hill with some buckshot for convincing. Black shook but he rubbed his fingers together afterward and then retrieved a handkerchief from his vest for his hand, which came away stained slightly pink from the squirrel blood. "Mr. Swan," he said again, "I brought the papers. And Emmett here, whom I am told knows you and your daughter, will be happy to drive you to look at properties on behalf of the TVA, just as soon as these items are signed and you are amenable." Daddy had gone back to his squirrels, and he didn't look up as he started at the neck and peeled a pelt from shoulders to haunches with a quickness that set lawyer Black to trembling from the wrists. "What you got for my Izbel?" "Pardon?" "I din'na stutter, Mr. Black. Izbel. What for Izbel?" "My son is in need of a housekeeper and nursemaid for his children in Knoxville," Black said, and he straightened a little like he cottoned to talking about his son. "Jacob is well placed in the community, an engineer with the Corps designing the dams. Izbel will be comfortable, and have room and board in addition to a salary." "Daddy, this'is gone far enough. I will not go." "Izbel." Daddy's voice wasn't leaving much room for fuss so I reckoned to appeal to Emmett. "Emmett McCarty, have you lost your mind? I'm to go mind a passel of brats I never met? What is wrong with you? Your daddy would be ashamed. He's rollin,' is what." Emmett give me a look like he was pained, and he shook his head for me to hush. That was enough for me. "I'm going to see Edward. Nobody listenin' to me anyway." "I can give you a ride, Izbel," Emmett said, and Lord, what nerve. Daddy held out his hand for the papers Mr. Black had brought and dropped his knife over the last squirrel. "Let's go inside," he said to the federalist and I about died. I know he heard my huff. "Emmett, if you would be a taking Izbel down to the store to talk to Cullen, we ought to be done once'st you get back up." "Daddy, please." "G'won, Izbel. Have your visit. We've things to talk over." "Don't send me away. Edward! I mean, he'll come–" "He knows the way, don't he? We're just gone talk. That's enough, child." Black walked through our front door chicken legged and lily white he was so peaked. The screen slammed behind Daddy and it sounded like the end of something, the Lord's great seals locked over my heart and hell on my mind. I got up and picked my way toward Emmett's shiny Chevrolet with an anger in me that felt like it was working up to a squall. I opened the door myself and scrambled up onto the running board before slamming that door, but hard. "Izbel, c'mon. Don't take it out on the Independence." "Funny name for an automobile," I said, settling down not at'all. "Only thang they're good for is carrying people away." … Roy Stooksbury's general store was at the near end of Loyston, a few miles from our two-room cabin up the hills to the northeast. Daddy's land went both ways, up and down that side of the valley, and it run out a mile from the edge of town. Edward had been with the Stooksbury's since the former spring. He was saving, he said, for engineering school at the university. He said to me in private on our porch, it was for a ring and a house, too. Well, if he didn't get to Daddy right quick, it might be for a coffin. Not mine. His'n. I'd shoot him if he let Daddy ship me to Knoxville with that lawyer's boy and his childrens. "Izbel, you know none of us have a choice, right? The surveys are almost complete. Loyston will be a memory in less'n three year's time." "Hush." "The Blacks are good folks. Billy's a bit of a stiff, but you'd like Jake. We went to school together. His wife is kind, too." "Loyston ain't going nowhere, Emmett McCarty, and neither am I." Emmett's big hands on the Chevrolet's steering wheel tightened to white cords. He had not changed since he'd gone off to school seven years ago. He was maybe even bigger, his muscles more solid barrels than ropes that seemed drawn on like Popeye's. He'd seemed like his suit would not fit him when he'd come back for Gerald McCarty's funeral and then Myra's year before last. But it fit him now. Shame his common sense did not seem to have grown with his shell. His tongue, however, it must've, because he was winding up for a sermon. "Then you will get mighty wet, Izbel. And so will anyone who remains. You will go now or you will go later, and Edward of all people knows it. The TVA will bring light to the whole of the South. The president and the whole guvment is betting on us to bring the people back to the light, and Loyston is in the way of progress. If Edward don't want you sent to the Blacks, he'd do well to make Metzger a better deal and right quick." I smacked the pretty wood dash in front of me, ignoring the pleasant feel of the wind lifting my dark hair as we hit cruising speed. "I hate you. And I hate the goddamned TVA too. You sold your soul." I spit the words across the three-speed shifter in his direction. "For progress." "Izbel! I did no sech thing. You must think before you say no sech–" "Tell that to Rosalie," I said, leaning as far toward the door as I could. "Roy Hale hit her so hard last week he knocked her back teeth loose. Little Jasper come down the hill for Daddy but his paw was gone 'fore Daddy got there. You left her to rot with the first drunkard that laid claim. And I hope you reap what you sew." Emmett didn't say another word clear to town. Thing men never understood was you didn't need your fists to win an argument. You just had to pay right attention and then pick the words that wounded worse. As we come into town, I thought about words and the weight of them, and which ones I needed to find to make Edward understand the seriousness of our situation. We were not playing at spades anymore. Daddy had gone and forced our hand. The car rolled to a stop in front of Stooksbury's and to his credit, Emmett come around and opened the door for me. He offered his hand, but I ignored it and hopped over the running board to the dirt. He had without a doubt the nicest, newest auto in this part of Union County, a shiny Chevrolet, probably less than two year old, that stood out among the dying Fords