The Bachelor Duke The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. April 1818 Edward Bouncing through the rough streets of London, my coach is taking me to the Debutante Ball given by the Eighth Earl of Forkshire, Charles Swan, in honor of his daughter and his niece. I rarely make an appearance at these events in fear the Ton would think I'm in search of a wife. However, I am willing to make an exception this one time; Charles and I are in Parliament together and we've become close this session as we rallied for the same tax laws. He invited me as a personal favor and I, of course, accepted. The rapping on the carriage door alerts me to my arrival at The Earl's London estate. The front entrance bustles with all of England's Gentry and they turn to spy on the latest guest. Once they spot my family's crest, the whispering ensues. I take a deep breath, readying myself for the rumors that will surround my attendance. My coachman, Michael, opens the door and I embark with my usual air of importance. I walk through the mass and they automatically part for me. I bow my head in acknowledgment as the term 'Your Grace' is whispered throughout. Reaching the entranceway to the ballroom, I see The Earl and his wife stand greeting guests. His wife notices me and politely, but firmly, ushers whom she is speaking with along. It is a very well done maneuver and the way she skillfully handled the situation was spectacular. Charles has done well in his choice of a bride. "Ah, Your Grace, I am delighted you were able to join us," Charles says bowing to me. "Come now Charles, none of this 'Your Grace' nonsense." I turn and bow to his wife and she offers me her hand delicately. "A pleasure to make your acquaintance, My Lady. I cannot dare believe you have a daughter grown. You look as if you've just had your own 'coming out debut.'" She giggles gracefully "Your Grace, you are too kind, but I assure you, once you set eyes upon my Isabella you will know the true definition of youth and beauty." She says this with great pride and without any intention of pawning her daughter on me. I possess a sharp eye, and can immediately tell when a mother is working deceitfully. "With you as her mother, I am sure she is a vision. Charles is truly blessed." I give them both a final bow. "You old rake. I'm starting to believe the rumors." He gives me a playful wink. I leave him and his wife chuckling. Although Charles is my elder, I greatly enjoy his company and have found myself sharing a brandy or two at White's with him. I walk by several people who try to engage me in conversation, but I move on in search of my cousins, McCarty, and Whit. McCarty, The Ninth Marquis of Winchester and his wife, The Marchioness of Winchester, Jessica, live for the London season. They have been wed these last two years and their marriage is not at all a love match. Whit, The Marquis of Hertford, is a bachelor, but unlike me, he is actively seeking a bride. Spotting my cousin's wife surrounded by hungry looking gentleman is nothing new to my eyes – they have a strange arrangement. He is allowed his mistresses and she may take on a lover as long as neither results in an illegitimate child. Searching the vast home for my closest companions, I glance around enjoying the general splendor of the house. A crystal chandelier hangs in the center of the main ballroom; the ceiling is painted with scenes of heavenly angels in the middle of a battle. It is a beautiful place, a great deal smaller than what I, myself, am accustomed to, but The Earl has provided well for his family. "Good heavens, Whit, have my eyes failed me? I do believe Edward Masen, The Duke of Devonshire, has made an appearance." McCarty's boisterous voice causes the gentry to gaze in my direction. Whit tips back his glass, downing the port like a brute. "I'll say it is Masen. Edward, old boy, what brings you to a ball? Dare I ask are you hoping to find the next Duchess of Devonshire?" I raise a brow at him while I procure my own glass of port from a server. "For heaven's sake, Whit, don't be cork-brained. You wouldn't want to give Mothers false hope now, would we?" "Come now, Masen, there's nothing wrong in raising the expectations of mothers throughout England. I dare say that Jessica's mum will be solely disappointed." McCarty tilts his head toward his wife. "Ahh, I'm sorry to disappoint your mother-in-law, but I am not in want for a Duchess. My friend simply requested my company at his daughter and niece's coming out and I saw no reason not to oblige him." "Come tell me Whit, which one of these bonny lasses do you have your eye on?" I sip the Port in my glass. "Truth be told, my eyes and heart are set upon the niece, Miss Alice Brandon. She is the loveliest creature I've ever had the pleasure to behold." He has a wispy sort of look on his face and I envy him for a second. I am content to die a bachelor. My family history is not a happy one with infidelity on both sides, thanks to my infamous parents. It is no secret that my parents, The Duke, and Duchess of Devonshire had a liaison with Lady Esme Platt for two decades. Although, I would never treat a lady the way my father treated both my mother and Esme, without Esme in my life, I feel I would be a terrible rake like my father was before me. When my mother, Elizabeth, the famous Duchess of Devonshire passed away so young leaving me behind, Mother Es, as I affectionately call the woman who was a lover to both my parents, raised me as her own son. Soon after my father, Edward Sr. passed and I was an orphan. "Upon my word, Whit, you think yourself in love with this woman-child?" McCarty, never one to skirt around the issue, asks. At that moment, a tinkling bell rings, ushering everyone into the upper rooms. Charles stands in the center, a wide smile on his face. "Ladies and Gentlemen, it gives me great pleasure to introduce to society my niece, Miss Alice Claire Brandon." He holds out his right hand and a beautiful slip of a woman walks into the room. Beside me, I hear Whit's breath catch and I glance over at him. He stares at this lovely creature as if she was the last woman in the world. I turn away feeling as if I have intruded on an intimate moment. Once the crowd quiets, Charles' smile grows wider. "It is also my great pleasure to present my daughter, Miss Isabella Marie Swan." She enters with the grace of someone twice her age. Her beautiful brown hair is up in an intricate style. Her skin is porcelain, and she has the look of a doll. Her lips are naturally pink and they have a slight pout. Her nose is a perfect button and the most hypnotic pair of brown eyes I've ever seen stares out into the gathered assembly. Yes, Lady Renee was correct; her daughter is the definition of both youth and beauty. My heart stops, my mouth runs dry and there is a waltz playing in my stomach. Not to mention the hardening of a certain member of my anatomy. My Lord! I've never felt anything like this in all my years. "Careful now Masen. The way you are looking, one would think the new Duchess of Devonshire has just entered your heart." Whit shoves me playfully. Bloody hell. I do believe he is right. Isabella The ball is a great success. I have danced with a number of young gentlemen and although none of them have tickled my fancy, I would not turn any of them down as a husband. I am fully aware of my duty; I know a love match amongst the gentry is very rare. One can only hope for an amiable companion, a mutual respect that will grow into love. Sipping on my glass of sherry, I spot Alice dancing with The Marquis of Hertford, Jasper Whitlock. She has her heart set on him and I envy her because it seems that the feeling is mutual. These past few hours have seen my dance card full, but finally, I am able to take a breather. Catching my father's eye as he speaks to the Bachelor Duke, he motions me over. I join them hesitantly. Rumor has it that The Duke is an unpleasant sort. "Ah, here she is. The Duke of Devonshire, may I present my daughter Isabella." My father reaches for my hand proudly. The Duke bows gracefully. He is indeed the most handsome man I've ever seen. The deep frown in his brow makes it seem as if he is trying to solve a great puzzle. His dark green eyes bore into my very soul and I am instantly uncomfortable. I've never felt this in all my years. "Miss Isabella, it is an honor to make your acquaintance." His smile is tight as he bows his head in my direction. "Thank you, Your Grace. I am delighted that you were able to join us." I give him a smile. The current set comes to a close with a round of applause and my father turns to The Duke. "Your Grace. Would you please do me the great honor and accompany Isabella in the next set?" Father asks with mischief in his eyes. The Duke seems to ponder the idea for a mere second and then smiles at me. "If the lady agrees, it would be a great honor," He says, smoothly. "It would be my pleasure, Your Grace." I curtsey to him. Taking me by the hand, he leads me onto the floor with the other partners. Suddenly, the room seems much smaller as all eyes fall upon us. Heads gently lean towards each other and the sound of whispers fill the room. I'm momentarily frozen until The Duke gently pushes me forward. "Ignore them. They have nothing better to do than to whisper about the Bachelor Duke," he whispers. I giggle gently, not believing that he had the audacity to use his very popular nickname. We take our places on the floor, facing each other. The ladies curtsey to their partners, then the gentlemen bows. Once my hand makes contact with The Duke's, butterflies dance in my stomach and my fingertips buzz. The Duke of Devonshire is a somber sort of fellow. He never breaks eye contact with me during our dance, nor does he try to engage me in polite conversation. The entire waltz my heart seems to want to beat out of my chest. I am very aware of him being so close to my person. His sturdy build and tall stature only add to the puzzle that is The Duke of Devonshire. I quite enjoy being in his arms, the feel of him towering over me as his eyes penetrate my very being. My body is abuzz as I feel The Duke's thumb rub circles in the center of my palm. The act itself seems very personal and dare I say erotic. My eyes never move from his. My lips part, taking a much-needed breath; the one I've been holding since I began to dance with this perfect specimen of a man. Once the dance ends, I place my hand in his and he escorts me off the dance floor. I can't explain the creeping dread I am feeling with the idea of parting from him. Once we reach my