Tracks The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Date: December 10, 1789 Location: The western edge of the Smoky Mountains, 35 miles southeast of James White's settlement in the Tennessee territory, later known as Knoxville, Tennessee PART 1 One shot, straight through the eye. In this failing light, that's luck, not skill. I slide off the paint gelding and draw my skinning knife. I have minutes, maybe half an hour, if I want to make it out of here with my kill and my own hide intact. After such a dry summer, it's been slim pickin's for game all season. Now with winter closing its fist around us, we're all competing for enough meat to survive until spring. A single shot echoing off these hills is like a lighthouse beacon calling to any Indian within hearing. There's a white man here. Come and get him. Unfortunately for me, these hills are crawling with Indians. The ground is hard-packed ice beneath the dry leaves and sticks. We haven't had much snowfall yet, but that's about to change. Here and there, patches of dry, crusty snow linger where they've been blown up against rocks and tree trunks. The air feels thick and heavy, the clouds sinking low toward the Appalachians, promising to crush us with the first real blizzard of the season. I reload my rifle and hang it from my pommel. You don't want to be caught with an empty gun out here on the frontier. I check my revolver, making sure it hangs loose in the holster. If they come for me, I'll be ready. I roll the buck onto his back and slice through the thick hide from anus to clavicle. I twist, cut, yank and pull the entrails away from the carcass, the mesentery holding the sack of guts together, hot and steaming in the chill December air. The paint snuffles behind me, lipping dry grass at the base of an old oak tree. His stablemate is more skittish, the bay mare's hooves shuffling as the scent of blood permeates the air. I take a moment to scan the woods around me before continuing. I hear nothing. I see nothing. But that doesn't mean there's nobody out there. The Cherokee hunters are like ghosts, their moccasins making barely a whisper, their bows emitting the smallest creak as they draw an arrow back, the snap-twang of the string your only warning before three inches of flint is lodged in your throat. I'm tempted to take the meat I need to make it through the week and run, but it's a big buck and the hide will easily fetch a couple dollars in James White's expanding town down by the river. When I factor in the value of so many pounds of fresh meat, the decision is almost a foregone conclusion. I need ammunition, powder, coffee, grain for the horses… the list goes on and on. My purse has been getting pretty lean. An influx of cash will be very welcome. This buck is going to see me through the winter and beyond. My hands are shaking from cold and nerves, and I tell myself to settle. I need to keep my wits about me. I saw through the last tenacious fibers, drag the hide off and lay it flat, hair down, beside me. Then I get to work with my butcher knife, working the blued steel between the stiffening joints to quarter the carcass. Even if I sell half and dry the rest, I'm looking at enough meat to feed me for a couple months. I couldn't have wished for a finer animal. I hesitate. It feels a little bit like tossing a bone at a dog to keep it busy, but I know I'm not the only one who is going to be suffering this winter. Maybe a peace offering will keep them off my trail. Taking a length of cord, I tie it around a leg and hoist one of the quarters from an oak branch, letting it hang just out of reach of any prowling bears. If there are Cherokee hunters closing in on me, they'll find it. Maybe they'll be grateful for the gift and let me pass unmolested. Maybe. If it's still here when I circle back in a week, I'll count myself lucky. I wrap the remaining pieces in the hide, folding the edges in, then I lash it behind my saddle. The mare would never tolerate the bloody bundle on her back, so the paint is just going to have to carry extra for a time. I look down and pause. The antlers are beautiful - eight points, sturdy and true. I grit my teeth and decide to leave them behind. I don't have the talent to work with bone, horn or antler. Not many white men do. Besides, my packs are already ungainly. I'll travel faster without them. They're far more valuable to the Indians than they are to me anyway. I break through the top crust of a snow drift, scoop up two handfuls of the coarse crystals and scrub my knives and hands clean of blood. My skin is red and itching by the time I mount up and slip my hands back into my mittens. I click my tongue, and the paint steps out, the mare huffing lightly as she feels the tug on her lead and falls in line behind us. Last time I passed through this territory, I stumbled across a naturally formed shelter about fifteen miles southwest of the fort, a place where a rocky embankment had split and crumbled to create a void in the cliff face wide enough for half a dozen men to lay down side by side. The hickory and oak trees grow right up to the rock wall, offering a natural stable for up to three horses. I think I know how to reach it from here, but I don't know this territory as well as I would like. I work my way up the next hill to get my bearings. By my reckoning, I'm an hour and a half, maybe two hours, away from the place. If I can avoid a Cherokee tomahawk or arrow in my back, I should be able to sleep pretty comfortably tonight. By midday tomorrow, I'll be eating a hot meal, drinking some decent whiskey, and maybe even finding a pretty girl to warm my bed for a couple nights while I make my trades and restock my kit. Every quarter mile or so I stop and listen, checking my back trail for signs of pursuit. Several times I could almost swear there is a shape beneath the trees, a human form made up of shadows and blurred lines, but as I focus on each spot, I realize I am only being paranoid. I push the horses faster. I'm about halfway there when I hear the call of a wolf south of my position. My heart quickens. It's not full dark yet, too early for nocturnal predators. An answering howl echoes off the hills to the east. Did they find my tracks? Are they heading my way? Or is it just two halves of a hunting party reuniting after a long day of tracking game? I send a quick prayer to the Almighty that they find my offerings and are content. If they are Indian hunters, they'll see I have two horses, so they'll probably guess I'm not alone. Surely they won't risk so much for so little. Unless they're worse off than I think. Unless they are young and reckless, looking for status within their tribe. Unless they have guns of their own. Unless… I quiet my mind with effort. Snowflakes are beginning to fall. The horses' hooves are leaving barely any sign on the frozen ground, and nighttime and the impending storm will hide any others. I nudge the gelding a bit faster. The sooner I'm holed up, the better. I'll sleep with my revolver in my hand and my rifle beside me. The horses will warn me if anyone gets close. And by this time tomorrow… I feel warmer inside already. It's been too long. Too many cold, lonely nights out on the trail. The snow is coming down in flurries, and the wind is picking up, rustling the tree tops and making the frozen branches creak and groan. The Smoky Mountains rise up on my right, black and still against the lowering clouds. I correct my course a few degrees and crunch across a frozen creek. Snow is settling over the ice, broken by the zigzag trickle of water doggedly making its way down toward the Tennessee River. When I'm less than a furlong away, I dismount, leading the horses on foot. I creep closer to the shelter, wondering if anyone else has discovered it since I was last here. If so, maybe I can buy a spot by their fire with a slab of fresh venison. But, no… I don't smell smoke. I don't hear any animal sounds. I don't see signs of recent passage. Up against the cliff face there is very little wind. In the quiet stillness I finally relax. I push through the undergrowth and look into the crevice. The space is dark and empty except for a blackened ring of stones and a small pile of firewood. Working quickly in the near blackness, I unload my supplies, carrying the meat to the back of the shelter where I can protect it from wandering bears, too hungry to settle in and hibernate as they should. I strip the saddles from the horses, rub them down with a rag, then hobble them and hang blankets across their backs. Once they are watered and lipping scattered oats up from the forest floor, I get to work building a fire. My hands are stiff with cold, but the wood is dry and lights quickly. I feed my fledgling fire with twigs, then incrementally thicker sticks. I only leave the shelter to gather more wood when it is burning steadily, gradually turning two thick hickory logs bright red with embers. The yellow glow from the fire doesn't reach past the first row of tree trunks. I pat the gelding's rump as I squeeze past him and start searching the litter on the forest floor for suitable pieces of firewood. It takes my eyes a long time to adjust after the brightness of the fire. I have to shake off almost an inch of snow from the branches I collect. When I have a good pile inside, I drag a couple of windfalls closer to the mouth of my shelter, scatter some more feed for the horses and hunker down next to my fire to fix some grub. I'm famished, and I can't stop myself from salivating at the thought of the fresh meat. It's been nothing but jerky, chalky biscuits, oatmeal and dried fruit for the last month. I supplement my trail diet with whatever I can forage along the way, and frontier families are mighty generous with their vittles when you volunteer to put in a few hours digging holes for fence posts, splitting shingles or hauling water. Even so, I'm thinner than I've been in years. I untie the hide and slice four thick pieces of backstrap, strip the bark from a couple of green sticks, skewer the meat and balance it over the open flame. Within minutes, the smell of roasting meat fills the air. I boil water and toss in a handful of oats and dried fruit. Sitting on my bedroll, I feast, licking the juice from my fingers after the first piece of venison, then going back for more. I am chewing on a mouthful of meat when I hear the horses begin to snort and stomp. It's not a bear or wildcat - if it was, they would have been frantic. There's a person out there.