Wanted The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. …. All sounds cease as I make my entrance into the saloon. Mutterings die out and eyes turn. I stand, my hand resting with ease on my Colt revolver. Not that it'd matter if anyone tried to draw, they'd be dead in their spot. I cast my eyes over the half-naked ladies and even drunker men they're entertaining. Recognition flashes in their eyes as they shift nervously, afraid of even looking me in the eye. I smirk. That's the respect I demand, the respect I earned. Edward Cullen fears no man, and as long as they know it, I can have my whiskey in peace. As I amble up to the bar, the room slowly comes back to life. Women titter about, hoping to make some coin as the men douse their sorrows in a glass. "Got any coffin varnish?" I ask the baby-faced bartender. He's been polishing the same glass since I took my seat, but stops and gives me his full attention as soon as I speak. With a frantic nod, he places a glass down in front of me. "He … here you go, sir." With a tilt of my head, I pick up the glass and pour it back. "Another," I demand, slamming it on the bar top. A soft arm slides across my shoulders and warm tits push into my arm. "How ya doin' there, cowboy?" Even though the feeling's right, the stench of another man permeates her pores. I may be a man who don't mind indulging here and there, but I expect any whore who tries to rub her ass against me to be clean. "I was doin' good 'til ya sidled up here pressin' your stank against me." "Tanya," Baby Face snaps. "The man didn't ask for no company. Take your leave!" "Well, excuse me," the whore huffs out, already stalking toward her next over-indulged victim. Baby Face places my whiskey down with a shaky hand. "Sorry, sir. Sometimes them whores don't know their place." He swallows nervously. "Could I offer ya a bath be drawn and your clothes laundered?" Just as I'm about to nod my consent, the sound of hoofbeats thundering on the dirt outside makes me tense. Schooling my expression, I eye the bartender. "Looks like I may not be round long enough to take ya up on that offer. Mighty damn kind offer it was, though." I give him a curt nod and spin in my chair, waiting for the newcomers. The sound of spurs clinking against the wooden steps has me expecting four men to make an entrance. The first through the door is none other than Jacob Black, a well-known bounty hunter in these parts. He's been after my ass for years. The corner of my lip lifts at his cocky air. "Well, well, what do we have here?" he asks with a smug smile. "Why it's none other than Edward Cullen, famed outlaw, wanted, dead or alive." He holds up my poster and waves it round the room, as if he has some chance of making it happen. I always did hate that picture; black and white does me no justice. My hair looks a flat gray color and the bright green of my eyes appear to be black, soulless. Before he can even blink, my Colt is drawn and a bullet rips the poster from his hands. Heads duck and whores scatter up the stairs. The drunkards sit with jaws dropped, not sure which side of this skirmish they want to be on. Best if they keep to themselves is all I can suggest. Black's frame tenses and his hand goes to his holster. The other men, who had stood silently behind him, now step forward in a show of support. "Are ya sure this is what ya be wantin' to do, Black?" I ask, but then revise. "I mean, attempt to do. You got no chance of takin' me from this here saloon, dead or alive ." I stand, one gun already drawn, the other hand propped easily on its twin, my shotgun slung over my back. Jacob's face turns menacing, like he might be trying to put the fear of god in me, but I done learned, ain't no man can make me fear my maker. Living the life I do, I'm sure to stand before him sooner than most. "I guess we'll just have to see bout that then, won't we?" Black snarls, his hand twitching. Fore he can grip his piece, though; a bullet rips through his skull. His men stand in shock, staring at their dead leader as he sways then drops where he stands, eyes staring into nothing. One of 'em turns tail and runs out the door, while the other two grab for their guns and dive, flipping the closest tables for cover. On nimble legs, I jump behind the bar, pulling Baby Face down to keep him outta the hail of gunfire that's surely coming this way. Surprising me, he crawls over and grabs his own shotgun. Appreciative that he's chosen the right side, even though I don't need the help, I give him a nod and hold up my fingers for a count. When I reach three, we both stand and exchange bullets with the two remaining posse members. Ducking and shooting, we finally manage to wound the both of 'em. One crawls out from behind the barricade clutching his stomach and calling for a truce while the other is gasping for his last breath. Slowly, I walk from behind the bar, gun trained on the living man. Biggest damn mistake I ever made. Cause the barely live man uses his last bit of strength to plant a bullet right smack in my side. Using that as a distraction, the surrendering man attempts to add another, but fails due to the gaping hole through his torso, created by Baby Face's shotgun. I sink to my knees on the floor, my body rocked from the bullet and the pain that burns through me. I manage to give Baby Face an appreciative glance before sucking up the pain and struggling to my feet. Stumbling toward the saloon door, I make my way toward my horse just outside. "Wait," Baby Face calls, running to catch up. "Where ya goin'? That wound's gotta be looked at and I can help." Doing everything I can to pull myself on Arrow, I shake my head. "Can't do that. One of 'em got away, which means there's a shitload more a comin'. You go back in there and make sure everybody knows that Edward Cullen is the only one responsible for that carnage. Anyone who says otherwise will have to answer to me." "Shucks, man. Those drunks know where their bread's buttered. They ain't gonna squawk on me for helpin' ya out. Shoot, you're a legend in these parts, even more so now that ya took out Jacob Black," Baby Face offers. "Lemme, at least, wrap ya battle wound." Before I can refuse, he's off and running back to the saloon, the swinging doors flapping in the breeze. I shake my head at the kid's hero worship, but he need be worried. Whoever comes next might not be as by the book as Black. I feel real bad for leaving 'em in the lurch, but I gotta get outta here and get this damn wound tended if I'm gone live to see any more days. When the young bartender comes running back out, he has white strips of cloth in one hand and a bottle of whiskey in the other. Already groaning from the pain, I suck in a huge breath and pull my arm up so he can get to the hole in my side. "Hurry, now, Baby Face. Get this shit over with." Biting my tongue so as not to show weakness, I steel myself for the pain. And boy does it come in the form of hellfire racing over my skin. Whistling low, I fight with everything in me to shake it off. Baby Face wraps strips of cloth round my waist and secures it with a knot. When he's done, I don't know if I'm better for it, but I express my gratitude all the same. "Thank ya, for all your help today. I must be goin' fore the next posse gets here." "Will you be back?" he asks hopefully. "I mean I wanna know ya lived." "What's your name, Baby Face?" I ask the scraggly, blond-haired, blue-eyed bartender. He smiles all proud like it's the greatest honor in the world to have Edward Cullen inquire his name. "Jasper, sir. The name's Jasper." "Well, Jasper, you can bet I'll live. Edward Cullen ain't gone die from a gunshot wound he's able to ride away from. When I die, it'll be in a blaze of glory," I assure him. I tilt my hat and nudge my stallion. Kicking up dust, we make tracks away from the small town, hoping to put some distance between me and the next wave of men that I know are a coming. Grunting and hurting with every gallop, I push my mount to move faster and faster. We ride past sundown and late into the night before I slow it down. Sweat beads on my brow and I'm barely able to stay atop Arrow. There's no way I'm gone make it to Carlisle's ranch, the ride's just too far. My bandages are stained red with my life's blood and if I don't stop the flow, I'm liable to bleed out on the trail. I start scoping out the territory and when I finally see a light on the horizon, I begin to make my way toward it. From a distance, it looks to be a small cabin, but as I get closer, I can tell there's a barn placed far enough away that I should be safe for a few hours rest. The barn is small and only holds one horse. I settle Arrow into an empty stall and rip my shirt to make fresh bandages. Removing the strips Jasper was kind enough to apply, I take inventory of my wound. It's red, angry and seeping blood. Using my flask, I grit my teeth and pour more whiskey over it before wrapping it as tight as I can stand. Breathing heavy, I rest my weary head and finally am able to close my eyes. …. The feel of cold metal under my chin has my eyes snapping open, the bright sunlight gleaming through the barn doors, obscures the face of the weapon holder. I stay still in order to keep my head from being blown off. "What ya doin' trespassin' on my land," comes a demand. Only it's not what I expected at all, it's the voice of a woman. I slowly pull my hands up where they can be seen. "I'm sorry, ma'am, but I been shot and couldn't ride no more. Your barn here was the first place I could find. I mean ya no harm," I say evenly, the gun pushing harder under my jaw. "How do I know that as soon as I lift my shotgun ya won't attack? Ya already done snuck up on my land," she says, her voice still biting. "Easy there, ma'am. If I was out to hurt ya, I'd have come into your cabin while you slept. I was just tryin' to rest so I could make it to my doctor friend." I motion to where my side is wrapped in my tattered shirt. Indecision flickers over her face as her eyes slide down over my bare chest to rest on my side that's already showing red through the cloth. Taking the opportunity of her distraction, I grab the double barrel and snatch it from under my chin. A blast echoes through the barn causing my ears to ring.