We Kiss in a Shadow The author does not own any publicly recognized entries herein. No copyright infringement is intended. * WKiaS * It is hard to recall the moment you first fell in love with someone when you've known them all your life. There is rarely an epiphany when they were always there for you to dote on, even if you knew that it might not be wise. I remember clearly the first time I saw her, as there had been such a big to do in the house over her arrival. My father's bailiff, Charles Swan, was a good man. He was well respected by the other tenants at our country estate, and therefore the perfect choice to help oversee the collection of taxes and to work as the go between for the tenants and the manager of the estate. I do not remember his wife, as I was too young to concern myself with our tenants at the age of five, but from all accounts she was a woman who was constantly in motion. Always a project going around the house, and a pot cooking on the stove. She somehow managed to perform her duties, but it was never in an organized fashion. She was also stretched too thin. The Swan's had four sons, and with another baby on the way, they were hoping for a girl child to aid Mrs. Swan in her tasks. The child born was a girl, but her birth was a difficult one, and as she took her first breath, Renee took her last. Charles had no knowledge of how to raise a child without his wife, much less a girl, so he wrote to my father beseeching him to find a place for his daughter in the world, so she might stand a chance of making her way. As it was, my Aunt Charlotte had given birth to my cousin Alice some months earlier, and upon hearing the story from my mother Elizabeth, she immediately pleaded with my Uncle Peter to allow him to bring the child into their home as a companion for Alice. With the solution found, my father gave over the care of the child to his brother and her wife, glad to be free of it so easily. With that settled, Isabella Swan made the trip from Derbyshire to my Uncle's home on Park Lane in London. Living only a few doors down from us when we were in London, our families were often together, until the time when my uncle inherited a large sugar cane plantation in the West Indies, he was forced to relocate his family there. Unable to take Isabella with them, she came into our household at the age of seven. Although my father did feel bound to keep the promise he made his bailiff, he did not seat her in the position she had grown accustomed to while tending to Alice. At the mercy of Mrs. Black, our housekeeper, Isabella was almost a maid-of-all-work for how she was treated by the upper servants, and my parents saw no need to interfere on her behalf. It was my elder sister, Esme, who would request the young girl's help and save her from the arduous tasks the other maids would dump on her. Esme was entering her sixteenth year, so as it was her first season out among society, she claimed the need of Isabella more often than before. It took my sister only a season and a half before Charles Evenson proposed marriage and my father made the arrangements. With Esme in her own house now, Isabella was once again without a protector. And to add to her woe, illness in the country claimed the life of her entire family, her youngest brother, Sean, getting sick first and bringing the illness into the house where the rest of the Swan's, worn down from their hard work, succumbed to the disease. The disposition of their property was handled by my father, who put the sum in an account for Isabella upon her marriage, ensuring her some type of dowry. The sweet girl with chestnut hair and chocolate eyes was, as I'd mentioned, always in my life, but as circumstances began to come to a head, the realization that I loved her was clearer than it had ever been before. *WKiaS* "Milord, your tea," Isabella spoke softly, calling me from my thoughts as I sat at my desk in my chamber. "I've told you before, Isabella, you can call me Edward," I admonished her gently. "It's not proper, and I'd prefer not to give the Blacks a reason to tan my hide, or worse," she spoke frankly, clearly not remembering who it was she was speaking to. "What do you mean by that, Isabella?" I asked harshly. "Nothing, Milord, I'll just return to the kitchen and see if I've enough time to make some of the tarts you seem to favor for dessert this evening." Isabella tried to escape, but I blocked her exit. "Isabella, if you don't explain that comment, I will have to call my sister over here and have her examine you to see if there is any truth to your remark." We both knew I would do it, too. My dear sister had been dealt a hard blow with the husband my father had pressured her into marrying. He was an abusive drunk, and it was on the one occasion that I caught his actions that I took some of my own. The Crown found that the death of Charles Evenson was due to a duel over a debt owed to him, as he was also a known gambler who didn't take to kindly to having to wait for his payment. There wasn't a soul present the night I found him in the alley outside the tavern he would go to looking for easy marks, except for my tutor and friend, Carlisle Cullen, and he would take the secret that I was the one to bring about the fiend's end to the grave. Though it wasn't known by many, Isabella had tended to my sister enough to know how he had brutalized her and that the sight of another being hurt so would upset her more than her own ordeal had. At twenty, she was already a widow, and not at all looking for another man to fill the void her late husband had created. She was able to live off of what our father had set up for her upon her marriage, so she could support herself if necessary, and she was happy to do so. As for myself, with my chance to go to Oxford and make a name for myself fast approaching, I was now concerned with what would become of young Isabella. "Edward, please don't concern yourself or your sister with my welfare. Mrs. Black isn't cruel to me, but I fear how they will react to what might be seen as an attempt to climb above my station." Smiling at the fact that I'd gotten her to use my Christian name, I reached out and took her hand. "Isabella, you're more concerned with propriety than my sister or I am, so it would be our wish to elevate you, not your own desire to move beyond your birth. But do me a favor while I'm away at school, please?" "What can I do for you?" she asked sweetly. "Don't let them crush your spirit, Isabella. There is more to you than those in this house see," I told her. "I am who I am, a farmer's orphan, and there is little I can do to alter that. But I will do what you and your sister asks of me, as you are one of the master's of the house." Her sweet smile let me know she was toying with me, and I played right back with her. "I'm not your master, Isabella. Please take care of yourself." "I will," she promised, bobbing a curtsey before she left to presumably bake the pastries she knew I loved. With nothing to occupy myself but concern for Isabella, I ventured out to pay a call to my sister, who was quite happy to see me. "Edward, it is so good of you to come by. To what do I owe the honor?" "I've stopped by to ask a favor of you, Esme. Can you not take young Isabella into your household? She made a remark today that worries me. It seems the Blacks are harsher with her than necessary and I cannot stand to see them treat her poorly." "Edward," Esme chastised, "I know you're fond of her, I am also, but we cannot interfere with the housekeeper's rule over the other servants. Dissention amongst the servants leads to discord in the home, Edward, and unless they move beyond the pale then there is nothing to be done for it. But I will visit mother often and in doing so look in on the girl. She is soon to be twelve, so I'm sure, as she continues to grow into a more mature young lady, they will see less of a need to discipline her." "When has the girl ever done anything to deserve a raised hand? I will write to you, and I am trusting that you will do what I ask when it is asked of you?" I pleaded. "Of course, brother, I will abide by your wishes. Now you only have a few days to see to the disposition of your things before you remove to Oxford so you might learn how to be a successful land owner, as you will be in charge of not only our family estates here, but the plantation in Antigua once you eventually inherit it." "There are times I wish I could go Antigua and live out my life there. No one would know me so I would be able to make myself anew." "But there would be no one who loved you near, brother. And who would take over the care of our estates here?" Esme asked. "Garrett is next in line after me, and maybe that is the change that is needed. For myself to take over for my uncle, and Garrett to do the same. The both of us could begin again in that manner," I pondered until I felt my sister's hand grip mine. "Do not maroon yourself so far from me, Edward. I may not be worthy of Oxford, but I'm not such a fool as to be unaware of what you saved me from, dear brother." Shocked by her admission, I pulled her into an embrace. "I couldn't allow it to continue after I saw the man you were tied to. And believe me, dearest sister, if I were ever to go, it would be with you by my side. After all, I would need someone to manage my household, as I've no wife to do the job for me." "All you would need to do is announce your desire for a wife, and four and thirty would be at your doorstep by midday." "I do not want four and thirty, only one that will be able to put up with me and whom I can respect and love as much as a man should." "You've still got a great deal of growing up to do, Edward," Esme remarked as she bid me a good day. The next few days passed quickly as I spent my time outfitting myself for the next year. Carlisle was a fellow at Oxford and he was more than happy to show me the ropes as it were, so I would settle in quickly and learn the things that were required of me. It was on my final day at home that I returned to my room prematurely only to find Isabella packing one of my trunks. "Isabella, what are you doing in here?" I asked, causing her to