Love And Hate The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Delhi March, 1857 Wearily I step down from the horse cart, feeling my bones creak as if I was seventy and not twenty five. Travelling from Bombay to Delhi by means of various capricious animals was not an experience I would care to repeat any time soon. "That was a bleeding long journey," I mutter, blinking in the bright sunshine that is spread in every corner of the large compound. In front of me is a sturdy-looking but haphazardly structured building of indeterminate colour, with a signboard hanging from the sloping roof. 'Army Hospital', it says in bold red letters, followed by 'Delhi Cantt.' in smaller ones. There is a large veranda in the front, occupied by perhaps a score of people. I suppose they must be the outpatients, waiting for their names to be called by one of the assistants to the doctors working here. A few of them are staring at me curiously. Behind the building I can see a few houses, probably meant for the staff. Behind them a row of tall evergreen trees with dense foliage break the skyline. There are a few though that have no leaves at all; instead they are resplendent with bright red flowers that give a festive look to the whole area. I recognize the ubiquitous Semal or Silk Cotton tree of the northern plains of India. My father has mentioned their majestic beauty many times in his letters. As I yawn and stretch my arms, a familiar-looking gentleman with salt-and-pepper hair and a thick moustache comes out of one of the rooms that open into the veranda and approaches me in a sprightly manner. When he reaches me, his face breaks into a beaming smile. I smile back, recognising Doctor Charles Swan, my father's best friend and long-time colleague. As a child I used to call him Uncle Charlie. "Edward, my boy!" He pats my shoulder enthusiastically, his brown eyes twinkling. "Or should I address you as Doctor Masen?" I cannot help laughing. "No sir, Edward will do. How are you doing?" "Can't complain, my boy, can't complain," he says in the hearty manner I remember well from my childhood. "How is your father? I hope he is feeling better now." "He is, sir. He sends his regards to you. He has also written a letter. It's in my luggage somewhere…" He waves his hand. "Don't worry about it, Edward. All in good time. First let's get you settled. I bet you feel like you can sleep for a week, eh?" I nod. "I had never travelled by bullock-cart and camel before. The bullock-cart jolted me until my bones rattled, and the camel was rather scary. The horse-cart was better, but I wish it had not taken so many days." Charlie pays the cart-driver and thanks him. Then he turns away and hollers for someone. "Oye, Emmett! Come here and meet Edward!" Charlie's crisp diction has acquired a touch of native melody. Of course, he has been living in Delhi for almost three decades. It was bound to have some influence upon him. A giant of a man appears in the veranda of the hospital. His sunburnt face makes his teeth flash extra-white as he grins. "Yes, Doc?" His long strides brings him to us in seconds. In spite of his size, he is quick on his feet. But then, I notice that he is not fat, just well-built. "This is Edward Masen, the new doctor. You knew his father, didn't you?" Charlie doesn't wait for an answer, so I assume that it was a rhetorical question. "Edward, meet Emmett McCarty, soldier-turned-nurse. He is a big help to me in the hospital." "I beg your pardon?" I am sure that I misheard him. Emmett shakes his head and gives me an amused smile. "Don't mind Doc here, Edward. He is fond of his jokes. Oh, I addressed your father as Doc Masen, but you are younger to me, so I think Edward is better. Or should I call you Junior Doc Masen?" I laugh and assure him that I would prefer Edward. Though we have just met, I already like him. Having clarified the issue of addressing me, he continues. "I just like to come to the hospital when I am free to assist in any way I can. Sometimes I play cards with the inpatients, or help them walk if they are recovering from an operation. I am good at moving furniture too." As if to prove his last statement, he picks up both of my trunks as if they weigh nothing. "Come on, I will show you your living quarters. It is a pleasure to meet you, by the way. Doc here has been going on about you for the past month." I raise an eyebrow towards Charlie, but he waves me off. "Go on, my boy. Get some rest while you can. I will send Emmett in the evening to fetch you before dinner." I thank him and follow Emmett to a single-storey house similar to the others. The walls must have been whitewashed quite some time ago, for they show wear and tear in some places. The sloping red roof is made of baked mud tiles that have become familiar to me during my journey from Bombay to Delhi. The front door is unlocked. Emmett kicks it open and puts the trunks down beside it. Then he slaps his thighs in satisfaction. "Welcome, Edward. This is the house your father used to stay in. Doc Swan didn't allow anybody to step in after he left, since your father promised he would send you as soon as possible. All his furniture is still here. If you require anything else, we can get it from the local market. By the way, there is nothing in the kitchen right now. Doc Swan figured you would eat in the hospital mess anyway. You want some tea?" I shake my head. "No, I had breakfast before we entered the city. What I need is a bath and a nap. I trust there is clean bedding in my room?" "Oh yes, Doc Swan organized everything once your father let him know you were joining us. Well, I suppose Miss Swan did most of the work. Doc is always busy with the patients." "Miss Swan? Oh, you must mean his daughter. Father did mention that she had returned from school and was living with him." He nods. "Yes, she does. Keeps herself busy as a bee too, unlike most young ladies who pass their time in frivolous activities that require neither brains nor muscles." I open my mouth to ask what Miss Swan keeps herself busy with when I am surprised by a huge yawn. Emmett laughs. "You had better head for bed, Edward. Don't worry about locking the door. Nobody will come inside unless you invite them." He promises to come for me in time for dinner and then leaves me. I make use of the outhouse, manage to unpack one of the trunks and take a bath. When I crawl into my bed with its sweet-smelling sheets and fluffy pillow, I sigh in content. I fall asleep almost instantly. -LAH- True to his word, Emmett comes back at five. He wakes me up, waits while I freshen up and change into suitable clothes and guides me to Charlie's house. However, when I invite him to join us for dinner he refuses, saying his girl is waiting for him. "Her name is Rosalie Hale. She is half British, half Indian. She manages a saloon where the ladies go to get their hair done for parties and such. I will bring her here one day so you can meet her. She is a fine woman." He repeats the explanation when Charlie opens the door, minus the introduction to Miss Hale. It seems Charlie was expecting it, for he does not insist. Charles Swan is a genial man, and the warmth inside him spreads everywhere in his household. It is as if every object around him absorbs it, multiplies it and then radiates it back. It is probably true of the people he meets too. Meeting his wife is a pleasant surprise. I knew of course that he had married a native woman after Renee, Isabella's mother, left him for another man. But I was not sure what to expect from Sue, his second wife. My father is one of those men who don't delve into details that seem irrelevant to them. I voice my thoughts to Charlie when he introduces me to her. He fully agrees with me. "You probably didn't know that Sue is short for Sunaina, did you?" he asks, offering me a brandy from his small collection. I accept the glass with a thank you. "No, I can't say I did." "Of course you didn't; your father probably didn't even remember it," he laughs. "Sunaina means a woman with beautiful eyes. I must say it suits her. Don't you agree?" I say it does, whereas Sue just smiles affectionately, almost indulgently. "It was a bit of tongue-twister for me, so I shortened it to Sue. Bella chides me sometimes, but she too has got used to this version." "That reminds me," he says, turning towards the beautiful woman with glowing olive skin and jet-black hair tied neatly in a bun. "Where is Bella? I had asked her to be home early to meet Edward." Sue smiles, her expression peaceful. "She must have forgotten. You know how she gets absorbed in her work with the children. She is in her own world then." Charlie makes a 'hrmph' sound. "That girl doesn't know when to stop, Edward. All the girls of her age are busy trying to find a husband, and what does she do as soon as she returns from England? She gathers all the children in the neighbourhood who don't go to school and begins teaching them the three R's!" His words might sound like a complaint, but his tone makes it clear that he is proud of her. I must confess that my curiosity is piqued. An English girl who spends her time teaching children instead of preparing for parties and dances is as much of an anomaly in Delhi as she would be in London. "Didn't she have any problem with the local language?" I ask, having taken a sip of brandy. It's not premium stuff, but good nevertheless. Both Charlie and Sue smile as if recalling something highly amusing. "Oh yes, it was very difficult in the beginning," states Sue, chuckling. "Bella could not make head or tail of the children's speech, and of course they could not understand what the gori mem wanted from them. It gave rise to some hilarious situations. But Bella was determined to interact with them. She pestered me to accompany her until she learnt enough to communicate with the little ones. And she picked up Hindi fairly quickly; at least, enough to make the parents understand that she meant no harm to their progeny." I frown. "Why would they think she meant them harm in the first place?" Charlie answers, shaking his head a little. "They thought she was trying to convert their children to Christianity. It was not their fault, really. Why would a British girl approach their children or want to teach them? Only the missionaries are interested in the poor and the lower-caste people, and although they don't force them to convert, they certainly try." "Ah. I suppose that makes sense." It does, in a twisted kind of way. I am still curious about Sue, so I address her. "My father didn't even mention that you speak English so fluently." I am fishing for information, but I don't want to ask a direct question. She laughs a melodious laugh. "My father was a zamindar in Bengal; the ruler of a