The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Manifest Destiny "Edward, would you care for a glass of lemonade?" "Yes, Mrs. Brandon, thank you. That's most kind of you." I doff my new straw boater as I climb the whitewashed porch steps and approach Bella and her family. I'm already perspiring although it's mostly due to reasons other than the late August weather. It's a fine Sunday afternoon without much of the Northeast's notoriously oppressive summer humidity. Clouds puffed full of the promise of an evening storm dot the sky, perfectly white on top yet their bottoms dark and heavy in contrast to the blue which surrounds them. Despite the shade they cast, the walk from the trolley car to Bella's aunt's home has left my shirt soaked under my serge suit. It's no matter, for I dare not wear anything less formal for what I'm about to do. "Mary Alice, perhaps you and Jasper care to assist me with the refreshments?" Mrs. Brandon asks, amusement coloring her thick Irish brogue. Her eyes twinkle as she smiles at me. As Bella's only relatives here, she and Mr. Brandon have already given their blessing. Bella came with them to the United States ten years ago while her parents chose to remain in her native Ireland. I met Bella through Jasper Whitlock, who has become my closest friend since we began working together at the foundry six years ago. Jasper and his wife Mary Alice thought her cousin and I would be a good match. One look at the dark haired beauty with the quick wit and flashing eyes and I completely agreed. Mary Alice and Jasper follow Mrs. Brandon as Bella, always a quick study, eyes her aunt suspiciously. It's highly unusual for us to be left unattended. The porch is mostly hidden from the street, surrounded by large hydrangea bushes. The privacy could lead to impropriety, if I were to allow myself that temptation. I wait until I'm sure they've entered the kitchen before I glance over at my beautiful, lively Bella. Never one to sit still; she squirms in her seat. She's wearing her new Sunday dress, the white lace layers flowing from her squared neckline to her ankles. A light blue sash across the middle draws my eyes to the delicate curves of her figure. I raise my gaze before it lingers too long on any one part and notice her deep brown eyes are regarding me with the same misgivings she had for her aunt minutes ago. The toe of her shoe impatiently taps a staccato rhythm on the wood floor of the porch. I sigh. I knew I wouldn't be able to truly surprise her. After all, it isn't as though we haven't already had many a conversation about our futures and their inevitable intertwining. She's already wearing a gold bracelet and matching necklace with a cross, promise gifts from me. Before she can further guess my intentions, I walk over to the chair and promptly kneel, keeping our eyes locked. I can feel the rivulets of sweat pouring down my back while I seek to keep my nerves steady. My left hand fingers the small box in my pocket while I hold both her hands in my right. "Isabella Swan, I promise to love you forever- every single day of forever. Will you marry me?" I take the box from my pocket and releasing her hands, open it to reveal the small diamond ring inside. "Edward…" She gasps but doesn't move. Her eyes waver between me and the ring several times until I can't stand the uncertainty. "Bella? Will you marry me?" I try to keep my voice from quavering. Bella glances back up and I can see the moment when she realizes she hasn't yet answered. She recovers her senses, flashing me an impish smile before replying in her own melodious lilt. "Edward Cullen, do you really doubt that after almost two years of courting, my answer would be anything other than yes? Especially since it appears you and my entire family are already in cahoots. I've half a mind to go wake up me uncle just to prove I'm the last to know I'm getting married because… of course… we are. 'Tis just a matter of when. Now get up off your knees before you dirty your best suit and give me a proper kiss before me auntie catches on." Just like that she takes the ring, places it upon her finger, grabs my hands, stands us both up, wraps her arms around my neck and lowers my head to meet hers. For once, I forget about propriety as my heart soars above me. Our lips meet and I feel as though the rest of my body has left the ground to meet my heart. She's so soft and warm and I know now she'll be mine forever. I never want her to leave my arms but all too soon I hear her relatives approaching. We end the kiss but stand close together, our hands clasped as Mrs. Brandon, Alice and Jasper return with trays filled with glasses, lemonade, and biscuits. They stop and we stare at each other for a long moment until Mrs. Brandon nods knowingly. "Good, it's a celebration then. 'Tis a shame there's no time to plan a proper wedding before Bella leaves for the old country but Mary Alice and I will arrange everything with Father O'Donnell." With that, everyone begins to congratulate us. The noise awakes Mr. Brandon while Mrs. Brandon invites half the neighborhood to share our good news and soon it's a party. Everyone is laughing and joyful yet I can't help but worry about Bella's trip home. I know she doesn't want to miss her only sister's wedding. For the past year, she's been saving every penny she's earned to be able to afford the passage back and forth. She's doing the wise thing, crossing before winter, and she'll return next May or June, when the weather is again fair. I remind myself how many thousands of people make the same journey each month, without incident. My own crossing, from Liverpool to New York when I was just five was so uneventful that I have no memory of it, not even of the Statue of Liberty. "Edward, what do you think?" Bella asks, turning from Mary Alice to me. "Er… sorry?" "Not even married yet and he's already ignoring you." A neighbor teases. Bella eyes me and shakes her head, already knowing me too well. "Aye, no. He's fussing about my trip. I can tell by the worry lines on his forehead." She lowers her voice and gently takes hold of my hand. "Edward, I'll be fine. I'll write so many letters you'll be accusing the postman of harassing you." I shake off my worries and enjoy our afternoon, sneaking in three more kisses before I leave. By the time I return home, the rain clouds have fulfilled their promise and cleared away leaving a pleasant night with a sky full of stars that sparkle like Bella's diamond ring. County Westmeath, Ireland February 14, 1912 My dearest Edward, How I long to be with you this St. Valentine's Day! I've grown anxious these past months, eager for my sister Rose's wedding to arrive so that I may take my leave. Had I realized how hard it would be to live apart from you all this time, I would have braved the winter seas and come only for the wedding itself rather than stay. Please don't misunderstand, I am happy to see my family and to help Rose plan her wedding as well as receive help with my trousseau. It's grown so and I fear I'll need an extra trunk to fit all the linens as well as my wedding dress, which my mother and I have made together. Still, as much as I enjoy seeing my family here again, I've come to realize that my home now is in America and I miss my family there. First and foremost, I miss my future husband, you my sweet Edward. My sister's wedding on March the Thirtieth can't arrive soon enough. Once it is over, I can turn my full attention to returning home to you. I miss you so. I long for the day when I can once again look into your eyes and hear the dulcet sounds of your voice. All my love, Bella Ps. I've enclosed a valentine for you. The lace is from the fabric we're using to make my dress. February 25, 1912 My dearest Bella, I received your St. Valentine's letter today. I wonder if you also received mine this very same day? I admit, my paper valentine was far inferior to your beautiful lace one. Is it bad luck to send me the fabric? I suppose not since it isn't from the dress itself. I treasure it as I do your letters. Would it be strange to admit I sleep with the lace valentine under my pillow? If you were here I would have given you chocolates and flowers and all manner of silly trinkets. You would have held my arm as we walked along the snow covered sidewalks. Perhaps we could have spent the day ice skating since the weather here has been cold and many ponds are frozen solid. If so, I'd take full advantage of the situation and hold your hand the entire time, lest you fall. Would it be too forward to say that I eagerly await the day when I can hold all of you? I miss you too, more than I ever thought possible, but please don't second guess your decision to see your family. Once we are married, it may be a long time before we can return to Ireland. The time will pass swiftly enough and then we will be reunited forever. Your Aunt Kate and Mary Alice have been spoken with Father O'Donnell and he ensures us that our wedding will be a memorable and happy occasion. I long for that day and for the day when you return to America. I will be there waiting at the dock, ready to take you in my arms and perhaps even kiss you right there if I feel bold enough! Your devoted and ever-loving fiancé, Edward Queenstown, County Cork, Ireland April 5, 1912 My dearest Edward, The wedding was a beautiful sight to behold. Emmett and Rose are the most perfectly suited couple I've ever known, aside from you and me, of course. My mother and Da are overjoyed, although I think Da's joy is just that the whole extravaganza is over and done. My old friend Emily, you may recall I've made mention of her in a prior letter, and her cousin Jacob were there. Jacob has great skill with the uileann pipes and we danced for hours. Jacob performs all over the county and he's done well earning a living. He's saved enough money to pay for passage for both Emily and himself to America. So, you don't have to worry about me being unchaperoned on my journey home. When I return, I will be in their company. The post is a marvelous thing, don't you agree? I can write you a letter in my mother's kitchen in Ireland and only one to two weeks later you can read it in your mother's kitchen in America. Yet, I wonder if you're perhaps tiring of these letters from me every week? Is it monotonous reading about the details of my life here? Now that the wedding has passed and my trousseau is finished, there's not much to do. I'm longing for adventure just as I'm longing for you. I miss you. I miss your smile and your laugh. I miss the way your forehead wrinkles when you're focused on something. I miss our walks in the park and our trolley rides to the shore.