A/N: I am beyond happy and excited for this! I've always wanted to write a fairytale AU but never got inspired enough, but then this came to me out of the blues while I was working on my other stories and I just had to drop everything and write it down. It turned into a much longer piece than originally planned, but I had loads of fun writing it so I do hope you enjoy it despite its monstrous length :D Also one final note before you start: The term 'Northmen' is often used to refer to Vikings, or people who spoke the Old Norse language from which modern Scandinavian languages are derived, but in this universe they're not at all related to Vikings or Scandinavians. I may have borroweda few things, but they're mostly made up. This entire world is actually made up, so really there's no such thing as Vikings or Scandinavians or England or even Hogwarts. I know, know. It's bad enough that Hogwarts doesn't exist in our world, but in my defence I did turn Hogwarts' staff into badass dragons. Anyway, I'm done spoiling all the fun! Just wanted to clarify a few things before potentially annoying the history buffs reading this ^.^ Nothing pained Princess Hermione more than the fact that the occupants of her father's kingdom were largely… stupid. The peasants she excused, for they lacked the resources to educate themselves and they were mostly illiterate rather than stupid. Her father's court, however, she couldn't excuse no matter how hard she tried, which wasn't very hard considering that she never really like them very much to begin with. They were nobles with too much gold in their vaults, time on their hands, and no skill or thought occupying their minds. Only three things caught their interest: feasts, brothels, and war. Her aversion increased when she came of a marriageable age, for being her father's only child and a girl at that would make whomever she marries the next ruler of her kingdom. The nobles became persistent and sometime even inappropriate with her since her father made the announcement. The final straw had been when she overheard her father and his advisors, who also happened to be some of the most vile men she's ever laid eyes upon, narrow her list to Princes Draco and Blaise from the neighbouring kingdoms and Lords Warrington, Flint, and Crabbe from her father's court. She had really hoped that Sirs Potter or Longbottom or even Finnigan would make the list. The knights were her childhood friends and they had no interest in ruling, so with her marriage to either three she'd satisfy her father's wishes but also maintain some of her own sovereignty, but it appeared that her father's advisors were much more conniving than she thought. What they failed to take into account despite all their bribery and scheming was that Hermione happens to be a very smart, brave princess. Little did they know, she has been forming strong relationships with the dragons for years in hopes of building bridges long ago singed by her more violent ancestors, so when her father refused to listen to reason she sought the dragons' aid and together they came up with a plan. A particularly crafty dragon called Sybill pretended to raid the castle and kidnap Hermione, and she made quite the show with her prophecy of a 'noble knight as brave as a lion with a heart as clear and pure as the first snows of winter' that would supposedly rescue Hermione from the fearsome dragons' clutches. Hermione was sometimes thankful that most of the nobles and knights of her father's court weren't the as sharp as their swords, for the truth is dragons are terrible with prophecies. They can't even see them to begin with. Their abilities, besides impeccable speech, include breathing fire and having impenetrable scales. They can also see into the very depth of a man's heart, which Hermione found very useful for her inevitable return to her father's castle. Did you really expect her to leave her kingdom in the hands of those incompetent ninnies? Of course not. She's Hermione. The next best available option was trusting the dragons' judgment, and she did just that. It didn't take long for her father to put a handsome reward on her rescue, which of course included her hand in marriage and the throne to her kingdom, and soon enough the tower she was 'held' in was attacked several times every week by several loud, obnoxious lords and knights. She got particularly worried about the dragons when Prince Draco came with an army, but still he was no match for the dragons' strength and fire. The attacks on her tower and the dragons became less and less frequent with every passing failure. Soon the days turned into weeks and weeks into months and months into years. There hasn't been another attempt since Hermione completed her twenty-first summer on this Earth, which was roughly a year ago. She was getting closer to spinsterhood and she was beginning to worry that they have given up on her, and for a split moment of weakness she even considered giving up and settling for whatever her father and his advisors picked for her, but her dragons and the more indomitable side of her kept her in her tower. Is there not a single man decent enough in this bloody kingdom? She thought as she lazily flipped through another book she's already finished reading. She was getting awfully bored and Sir Potter and Lady Weasley wouldn't be able to sneak out for a visit for two more weeks. The sound of approaching hooves startled her out of her revere. A horse's neigh and a commanding masculine voice soon followed suit. She grinned, closed her book and placed it on top of the crowded bookshelf. She let her braided hair loose and quickly changed into one of the new gowns Lady Weasley brought with her on her last visit. She then rushed to the very top of the tower and found that the eldest dragon with the silver-purple scales was already waiting for her. "Speak to me, Albus. How is he?" she asked, panting and kneeling on the ground to keep herself obscured from her potential rescuer and husband. She caught a glimpse of a rather large grey horse but tall, thick trees obscured the man. Albus didn't answer straight away, and even when he did his sky-blue eyes were still on the man several hundreds of feet below. "He's interesting. Different." Hermione frowned, now more than ever tempted to sneak another peak. "Not the handsome type for sure," added Albus. "Not like Prince Blaise, but not quite like Lord Crabbe either. He is of noble blood, but he doesn't show it." So he's humble, Hermione concluded, biting her lip to prevent an excited grin from appearing just yet. There was till one very important thing left to confirm. "And what of his heart?" she asked. "The heart of a man," said Albus, now amused as he turned back to the man. He was shouting something from the top of his lungs but Hermione couldn't understand the language so she assumed that he was probably challenging Minerva or Horace or Severus soaring nearby. "What do you mean?" "His mind is quick but he faith lies with his sword. He lusts for glory but not power. He is a man of action but he's drawn to beautiful words. His desires are simple and obtainable but his dreams eclipse the sun." Strong, honourable, ambitious… poet? She shook her head. She loved her companions but sometimes she wished they'd just tell her in plain English exactly what they saw. Nevertheless, what she managed to interpret didn't sound too bad. If anything, this mysterious noble rider might be the man that will help her get her throne back. "What do you think?" she asked Albus, anxious still despite her heart leaning for a Yes. Albus looked at her. He unfurled his large wings. "I trust that you will be in safe hands, Princess, but I will remain with you if in your heart of hearts you're still uncertain." Hermione chewed her bottom lip, taking her time to really think over her decision as the man below continued shouting in his native tongue. If she says Yes there will be no turning back, and the dragons could be mistaken, but so far they have never let her down. She has no reason to not trust them. They loved her as much as she loved them, they wouldn't give her away to a man who could potentially hurt her. Taking a deep breath, she looked up at Albus. She was scared of her decision, of what door it might open or close, but in her heart she felt certain that it's time to leave the tower, so she smiled at Albus and nodded. He nudged Hermione's shoulder lovingly with his snout before taking flight. The other dragons followed suit, each passing over the tower to give their good wishes to Hermione, and Hermione reached up to stroke their warm bellies every time they did. She returned to her room when she was sure that they were all gone. She paced the length of her circular room, going through the many possible scenarios of their first meeting in her head. He had spoken to the dragons in a language she didn't recognise so he must've come from far away, and it made her briefly wonder how far her story travelled since her escape five years ago. She risked a third look out the window. She saw the horse grazing in a grassy area nearby but no sign of the rider. What's taking him so long? She thought, getting more agitated with his delay. There are hardly that many rooms in the tower, and the story clearly says that I will be waiting at the very top… She flopped down on her bed with a huff. Maybe he heard the story wrong? Approaching heavy footsteps echoed from the spiral stony staircase outside her door. She did the first thing that came to her mind and laid flat on her bed. She quickly pushed the unruly curls that fell over her face and folded her hands over her stomach. She closed her eyes just as she heard the door opening with a creak. To this day Hermione can't exactly say why she did that. While it's true that that's the way it usually goes in most stories when the prince finds the princess in a delicate, vulnerable state of which she can only be revived from with 'true love's kiss' or some rubbish of the sort, Hermione always thought that she was more of a confrontational princess. She vowed long ago to not fall for such trope, so when asked about the incident today she'd flush and blame it on her nerves. Her visitor took a few steps in and then stopped for a while, now doubt surveying his surroundings. She heard him making his way towards her and almost frowned at his stealth. Shouldn't the clank of his armour give him away at such close proximity? She felt the mattress of her bed shift as he sat on it and tried not to wince or gag at the smell that assaulted her nostrils, for he absolutely reeked of sweat, blood, and earth. He travelled a long distance, she reminded herself, forcefully shoving her repulsion away, he must've encountered bandits and all kinds of beasts on his way. A roughened hand stroked her cheek. Hardworking and gentle, she noted, adding another point to his accumulating admirable qualities. The same fingers travelled to her jawline and then to her neck, pressing lightly on her pulse. I'm obviously breathing, but I suppose one wouldn't want to risk kissing an-almost corpse… Although slightly amused, Hermione was getting impatient. She wanted to get this whole ridiculous act over