A/N: First attempt at a Harry Potter story, split into three parts. Main focus of this is the Triwizard champions' development, of course with more focus on Viktor Krum and his general outlook on life. I should probably warn you that this Krum is nothing like Movie Krum. He is Book Krum through and through, or at least as close to the Book Krum as I can remember. Book Krum is not handsome, muscular, smooth or charismatic and he is most certainly not an idiot, as the movie made him out to be. He's extremely skinny, 'sulky', duck-footed with a large hooked nose and bushy eyebrows. He was basically described in the books as looking like an overgrown bird of prey, and while I imagine that he wouldn't necessarily be ugly, I'm still pretty sure that he's not as good looking as the actor portraying him. I also imagine him to be a prodigy of some sorts, having been chosen to play for an international team while still remaining in school. Long note is long to avoid disappointments! Also keep in mind that anything said in italics is being spoken in Bulgarian. I figured it's easier to keep up that way, since I'm dropping the accent and sticking with simple, broken English whenever Krum speaks because I'm just too terrible at writing in accents. Viktor Krum wasn't very impressed with his potential competitors. The witches and wizards from Beauxbatons Academy were affected by rain to such an extent that it soured their mood too much to pretend to be the least bit flattered by their host's hospitality. If they thought this is cold, thought Viktor, they really ought to get out of France more often. On the other hand his peers with their brooding stony faces weren't any better, but at least they weren't moaning and complaining and scrunching up their noses at every single plate offered. One thing he's willing to give them credit for is the graceful way in which they carried themselves despite their shivering, wet, and disheveled state. Their reputation precedes them in that regard. It's just too easy, too boring . Defeating the Beauxbatons champion would be like taking candy from a baby. He was really looking forward to the tournament. He was hoping for something a bit more challenging and exciting, something different from Quidditch, and granted the students of Hogwarts were more promising than their French counterparts, but they still were not nearly promising enough for him. For one thing, there were many of them, hundreds of students more than both the selected Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students combined. More students meant more potential competitors, thus endless possibilities, and he thought that it would compensate for what Beauxbatons lacked but when he did a quick scan of the faces within his line of view- all staring back dumbly, admirably, and completely unaware of his judgment. –he hardly found anyone worth challenging. He was probably older than most of them, and most definitely a better dueler than all of them considering Hogwarts' history of shying away from anything to do with the Dark Arts beyond defense charms or counter-curses. He had heard that Harry Potter, the boy who defeated some powerful wizard as a mere infant, attended Hogwarts. Now he would make an interesting competitor. Viktor marveled at the thought of competing against The Boy Who Lived for the Triwizard Cup and winning, but he then remembered that he himself had been maybe five or six years old when he first heard the story all the way in Bulgaria. The boy, wherever he was hiding in the sea of spellbound faces, was likely too young to compete. This is child's play, he thought bitterly as he turned back towards the aging Hogwarts Headmaster and his speech. It if hadn't been for the Triwizard Tournament's notoriously dangerous tasks, so dangerous that they have in fact claimed lives in the past, Viktor would've probably changed his mind about the whole ordeal. He allowed his eyes to wander as the feast commenced. It occurred to him that Hogwarts castle was really, really big. It also had a strange kind of charm. Torches and colorful banners on grey walls felt warm and welcoming, despite the cold and the strange unfamiliarity of the environment and its occupants. It was the kind of warmth he had never felt at Durmstrang. He was never one for old castles, but ever since he stepped foot in Hogwarts he had to fight the urge to abandon the feast and explore its secrets. The dinning hall had been cleared of tables and replaced with benches lined neatly on five steps against the walls on either side of the hall, leaving the path from the entrance to the Goblet of Fire clear. The Goblet was placed on a pedestal in front of the staff's table. It's flames were dancing rather gently as they cast a bright blue light all around the hall, illuminating it more so than the dim torches on the walls. It gave Viktor a good cover. He was able to put his name in the Goblet early and retreat to the farthest bench before all the students started piling in. He hadn't been in Hogwarts long, but judging from the students' reaction so far, he knew that he wouldn't be able to observe his competitors in peace without whispers and hundreds of eyes glued on him. It's a very rare thing for one such as Viktor Krum, to be sitting in the middle of a large crowd and not have his personal space invaded or his choices questioned. He savored such moments. If he hadn't loved playing Quidditch so much he would've probably quit a long time ago. One after another, his peers placed their names in the Goblet, each more determined than the last. The Beauxbatons all did the same as well, smiling rather smugly, as if putting one's name is enough to win the tournament. Hogwarts students were taking it far too lightly. The ones younger than seventeen were trying to push each other into the Age Line, laughing and jeering like monkeys, while the older students made a big show of putting their names in and being stung by the Goblet and then falling rather dramatically back onto their friends. He would've found it comical had it not been what it is, and would've probably joined in the laughter their antics incited, but their lack of competitiveness aggravated him too much. Was he doomed to compete against a princess and a buffoon? A pair of twins with long, bright red hair and freckles caught his attention. They were announcing rather triumphantly that they have successfully brewed a potion that will deceive the Age Line and allow them to put their names in the Goblet. They bickered briefly with Harry Potter and his friends, whom Viktor hadn't noticed sitting on the lower benches until now. The smaller boy with the red hair, whom he assumed to be the twins' younger brother, was doubtful of their success just as much as the girl with the bushy hair and the open thick volume on her lap. Harry Potter seemed mildly amused. The twins downed the potion. Viktor leaned closer, now very much interested and wondering if the twins really were a lot more powerful than they appeared ,because only a particularly powerful wizard and potion master could deceive an Age Line especially drawn by none other than Albus Dumbledore himself. He doubts that even Igor Karkaroff or Olympe Maxime would know how to deceive it. He caught Albus Dumbledore walking in from the corner of his eyes. He turned back towards the twins and their crowd of admirers, but they seemed to be completely oblivious to their Headmaster's presence. Dumbledore was not regarding them with anger and distaste, as Karkaroff would have, but with a curious smile. He seemed just as interested as Viktor was of the outcome, and didn't look like he was about to put a stop to it. He was either too curious to care about the Ministry's laws or too confident with his own abilities to worry too much. The twins jumped over the line and placed their names in. Viktor felt the same surge of excitement rushing through him when he first heard of the tournament. If one of those young wizards, or hopefully both, get chosen by the Goblet- His thoughts were cut short when the flames from the Goblet erupted and turned into a bright, angry shade of red, eliciting gasps and screams from the unsuspecting crowd. The twins were roughly hurled back over the Line and nearly crushed onto the pile of occupied benches. They groaned as they struggled to get back up on their feet, rubbing their heads and backsides, and when they turned to face the crowd the entire room erupted into laughter. Their smooth chins were now covered by long, bushy white beards that clashed horribly with their red hair. They stared at each other with identical gaping mouths, before one shoved the other and blamed him for this blunder. The second twin replied in kind, and soon enough they were scuffling on the ground again, each insisting that it was the other's fault, causing more and more people to laugh. "I did warn you," said Dumbledore, finally announcing his presence. There still wasn't a hint of anger in his voice. The twins eventually left the hall for the hospital wing, still shoving and calling each other names. Unbeknownst to himself, Viktor was smiling. Viktor Krum had underestimated his competitors. He was able to detect that Fleur Delacour, the pretty, frail looking girl with silver blond hair, blue eyes, and a bewitching smile was actually part Veela. He was certain of it the moment he felt the familiar yet faint tug when she briefly cast her eyes on him. She wasn't as pure or strong as his team's mascots but she had just enough allure to benefit her in perhaps one or two tasks, should her challenger be weak enough or unaware or previously unexposed to her kind. There was nothing special about Hogwarts champion Cedric Diggory. He was handsome for sure, handsome enough to have Fleur's hungry eyes following his every move, but not so much that he could use it to his advantage in any task. Until his name was called, Viktor had never heard it being whispered in the hallways or during mealtimes. He noticed that Cedric wore the yellow and black colors of that one house with the rodent mascot that goes by the name Huffles or Bubbles. Viktor was never good with foreign names, but in his short stay he was briefed on the four houses and their slogans, and that of Cedric's house included fierce loyalty. He can't see it helping him during the tournament. Unless, of course, if that were his strategy. It's devious, but smart. Cedric could pretend to be friendly and useless and drop the act when it suits him, and then slip right under their noses and grab the cup when they least expect it. He didn't look like the devious type, but that could be a part of the act. Not everything is what it seems, after all, and Viktor himself can testify to that. People are still astonished to see him sporting only a broken nose and the occasional black eye after getting repeatedly pounded by Bludgers. He couldn't have hoped for anything better. Things got even more exciting when Hogwarts' second champion joined them. Harry Potter. Naturally, everyone was in an uproar. Madam Maxime and Karkaroff were for once on the same page, the first insinuating foul play and the second point blank insisting that it is, and that they ought to have the chance to enter a second champion from their own schools to tie the scores. That one minister was beside himself with shock, while the more colorful one was beside himself with absolute joy. Viktor and