And So It Begins Part 1 After months and months of searching, Cassava "Ava" Davenport had found what she had been looking for at a Muggle auction in Little Hangleton. What looked like a crappy, ancient book on the verge of falling apart, Ava knew to be the authentic diary of Tom Marvolo Riddle. It was dangerous and thrilling, holding such a piece of blood-soaked history in her possession, but she just couldn't bring herself to care. Anyone who knew her would be well aware that this was the kind of thing she thrived on, the idea of putting her life on the line in order to curb her insatiable curiosity. Ever since she was little, she had been intrigued by dark magic and, giving into the temptation, began to study it closely. Naturally, her research led her to the story and history of Tom Riddle, known to the wizarding world as Lord Voldemort. She was immediately hooked. How did someone with so much promise end up the way he had? She needed to know more. As much as she could. The horcruxes were reported to have been destroyed in the Second Wizarding War, but Ava had a feeling that the reports weren't entirely true. Most of the items were artifacts of power and history. No one in their right mind would actually dispose of them. At least, not completely. If she could get her hands on them, maybe they could provide her with some answers. So she began her search, starting with the most nondescript, the diary. She figured it would be the best to find first, where no one would likely ask questions about a young woman buying a seemingly normal, old book. From there, she could move on to the more recognizable pieces. She ran her finger across the binding of the black notebook, smiling to herself before taking out her tools and getting to work. She worked through the night, using a combination of common restoration techniques to repair the ruined pages and her personal knowledge of the basilisk to counteract any traces of poison left behind. By the time she was finished restoring it, she was running on pure caffeine and adrenaline. Without so much as a thought to the dangers of her actions, the young woman picked up her favorite pen, and wrote three words in the diary. "Are you there?" Something felt different, like he had been sleeping for too long and was finally waking up. Everything was fuzzy and still had a filter of sleep though. Then with a rush, the ink that soaked into his pages, everything was crystal clear. He WAS awake. " Yes I'm here. Who are you?" She dropped her pen out of surprise. She honestly didn't think that would work! But it did, and here he was, the part of Tom Riddle trapped within the diary, writing back to her. The pen rolled under her desk, giving her time to think as she crouched down to retrieve it. There were so many things she wanted to ask him, so much she was dying to know. But she also knew she had to be careful. How would he react if he discovered that it was a (self-proclaimed) muggle that brought him back? She reached her pen and sat down again at her desk. "My name is Cassava." The name and penmanship was feminine, and Tom wondered who the girl was and how she had come to possess him. "Hello, Cassava. I'm Tom. Where did you find me?" He didn't know of many people with magic enough to restore him after the blow he had taken from the basilisk fang. She must have been very powerful. "Yes, I am aware of who you are. I've been searching for you for many months now." Ava took a moment to think of what to write next. "As for how I found you, it took a lot of searching, as most are not interested in what appears to be a tattered, old book. I merely asked around and was able to track you down at an auction in Little Hangleton." Unfortunately this next part is missing, as the writer deleted their blog and I don't have it recorded anywhere. However, it mentioned Tom being appalled at being found at an auction due to his followers' negligence, along with asking Ava to tell him more about herself. Ava couldn't help but laugh. Even though she couldn't see him, she was sure he was writhing in agony upon learning that his precious diary was sold at an auction. Imagine if he found out that it was a muggle auction! When she read the new words on the page, she blinked. He wanted to know about her? But why? "I'm not that important or anything…. I guess it couldn't hurt to tell him a little. Just nothing about me or my parents being muggles." "I do not think I follow," she wrote. "But, as I said before, my name is Cassava. Cassava Davenport. I believe my ancestors attended Hogwarts at the same time as you, although I doubt you heard of them. I'm 18 years old, and at the moment I am living in a rental flat in London. My friend, Aurora, is an eighth year witch at Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I spent a couple years of my childhood in a mental institution because of my early fascination with magic. I was eventually let out, since I wasn't responding to any of their treatment methods. Since then, I've been studying magic as much as I can. Is there anything else you would like to know?" She had been right, Tom hadn't known her ancestors. "A sanitarium, really? In my time they wouldn't let you out, it was a life sentence. What year is it?" Tom didn't want to let her know that her exclusion of her own magical education was odd, she should have been at Hogwarts, not some flat in London. Not to mention, what sort of parents would allow their daughter to be taken to a mental institution? She was only exploring her natural abilities…unless she was muggleborne… "I'm sure they wouldn't have liked to let me out, but I wasn't responding to anything, and my mother refused to waste any more money on something that provided no results." Outside of the diary, Ava shrugged. It wasn't that big of a deal to her. Of course, her time spent there made it quite difficult to make friends once she got out. "Today is June 14th, 2016." Part 2- A Deal with the Devil "I want to make a deal," Ava said, her viridescent eyes following the other as he circled her like a hungry hawk. Despite being brought here against her will, she didn't seem to be frightened in the slightest. It all started approximately ten minutes ago, when two of the Dark Lord's most loyal horcruxes had apperated into his domain with a very irritated young woman. A couple months ago, she had obtained Tom Riddle's diary and Salazar Slytherin's locket. In her restoration of the artifacts, she had unknowingly managed to bring them back to life and given them enough energy to once again take form. Tom, the diary, had been first. The two of them had lived in fairly tolerable coexistence, mostly teasing and quipping at each other, until she had restored the locket. The locket, or Riddle, as he called himself, was much more influential and charismatic than Tom. His connection to Voldemort had been much stronger, so he was easily able to sense that their master had returned once again. Riddle convinced Tom that it was in their best interest to meet with their core self, now that he was back. When they did, they explained the situation and the mysterious muggle girl who had given them a third opportunity at immortality. It was no mystery that he asked her to be brought before him. He had recently obtained the diadem, and this would be an excellent opportunity for him to see what this girl was capable of. "I'm pleased you've decided to grace me with your presence, little bird," Voldemort said, bowing mockingly. "I've heard so much about you from my brothers." "I'm sure you have," Ava replied, unflinching. She repeated herself. "I want to make a deal. Whatever I'm here for, I'm not doing it until I know that no one is going to die or be harmed." "Well, little bird, what will you offer in exchange?" Ava dared to look him directly in his eyes. "My freedom." The Dark Lord seemed to consider her before speaking, letting her words hang in the air between them. "You seem to be under the distinct impression," he began, his words slow, concise. "That your life matters." His tone was cold, yet polite. To his left, Riddle shifted slightly, adjusting the buttons on his lapels, as though to remind all present that himself and Tom still existed. Ava, on the other hand, merely quirked an eyebrow and shrugged, as if to say "maybe it does, maybe it doesn't. Either way, I'm obviously here for a reason" . With a measured sigh, the Dark Lord pressed onward. "But my two young consorts seem to think that you have potential. I trust their judgment…..to an extent." "You will do as I say and be happy to do so." Voldemort's smile was unpleasant, expectant. "Your life is your payment. Be grateful that I am so magnanimous." "I cannot guarantee my happiness in performing your tasks, but I will do whatever you ask." Ava held her head high as she spoke, keeping her face blank and her expression guarded. Despite her claims of being a muggle, her knowledge was more similar to that of a young witch. She was fully aware of what the other was capable of. "All I ask is that you leave the wizarding world, especially Harry Potter and those around him, in relative peace. The exception being if one comes to you or your consorts of their own free will." "We have a deal." He nodded, pleased with the potential of gaining a powerful new toy. Before she could walk away, he grabbed her by the wrist. "But just in case, I have a present for you." Drawing his wand, he pressed it securely to her left forearm. He then proceeded to brand her with a tattoo of an inky green snake, twisted into a shape that vaguely resembled a "V". "This is your brand. Think of it as your very own Dark Mark, as it works the same way. It is a sign of your bondage and loyalty to me, and cannot be removed without my permission. You should be honored, as only the highest in my ranks receive a gift such as this." Clutching her burning arm, Ava glared at him. "Honored isn't exactly the word I'd use," she spat, trying to ignore the pain coursing through her limb. Part 3 It was one of those nights again. The kind where you can't stop thinking. Ava lay in bed, thinking, as the clock near her bed displayed a time at which no one in their right mind would be awake. She was thinking about how much had changed since she came here from her hometown a couple of years ago. For one thing, she didn't talk to her friend, Aurora, as much anymore. Of course, Aurora was likely busy with her magic exams, being so close to graduating. The last time they really spoke was the day she went to that auction a couple months ago. The auction was another thing that had brought changes into her life. What had started as pure curiosity had become a sticky web she now had to navigate. She had only written in the diary to…well, she wasn't sure WHY she decided to write in it. Perhaps it was because she honestly didn't think anything would come from