Percy Pov I had always admired her, even before I became an Olympian. Yes, the great and mighty hero of Olympus is a god, big whoop! But what about Annabeth, some of you are wondering. That spawn of wisdom is dead to me. Why you ask? Well after she led me on for 2 years and then broke my heart when she accepted godhood, I declined it and I explored the world for about 3 years and saved many demigods and slaughtered many monsters. So soon the gods noticed my feats and asked once again, if I would accept godhood. This time, I had nothing to lose, I had gotten over Annabitch and happily accepted their generous offer. When I was in the throne room the fates appeared and ordered the Olympians to make me the thirteenth Olympian and return Hestia's throne. I was made the god of Time, Tides,So I'm Tidal Lord, Loyalty, Heroes and Bachelors much to everyone's surprise. That is how I got to where I am today, of course Annabitch tried to take me back, but this time I was the one to break her heart. Currently, I am sitting at a long table, watching my fellow Olympians make fools of themselves with minor gods, by drinking and popping Christmas crackers. They were acting like children, but hey, they were having fun. It was Christmas Eve, and I know that Christmas is a Christian thing, but us Gods celebrate what the mortals deemed fun. And Christmas was fun, we had secret Santa this year, I gave them the Idea, it was nearing the end of my first year as a god. In the middle of the throne room, where Zeus's throne was supposed to be, was a giant tree, and under it, many presents. All the thrones had disappeared and were replaced by something festive, there were couches and fireplaces, it was the perfect Christmas setting. I sat in my seat staring at the gorgeous lady of the hunt sitting across from me, Artemis. As I said earlier, I have always admired her, she is one of the very few respectable gods, and actually has morals. I remember when I first met her; I made a fool of myself in front of her. Thinking back on it, I blush from embarrassment, I never talk to Artemis often unless we are discussing matters in the throne room because...let's face the facts I just never had the guts. She was just such a beautiful woman, I always got tongue tied, and she would always laugh at me, apparently I am the first male god to make her laugh out loud in a council meeting. I have always wanted to talk to her and have wondered what she thought of me. Hestia told me, that Artemis told her, that she thinks I am amusing, and make her laugh. I don't know whether to feel praised or insulted with that comment, but Hestia teases me a lot, saying how I like Artemis and won't admit it, this might be true, but she would never love me back, no man is good enough for her. I will admit that I feel drawn to her, like she is pushing and pulling me towards her unintentionally. I can't help but feel calm and serene when I'm near her, like we are meant to be together, but she is a maiden goddess, my feelings for her will never be returned, no matter how much I want them to be. Artemis was sitting in her seat quietly and in her 20 year old form, I think she looks absolutely stunning! Her hair was in a side bun with few strands of hairs loose to frame her gorgeous face and a silver moon crescent through it. She had a pale complexion that went perfectly with her silky Auburn hair, and the fact that unlike the other goddesses, she was wearing hardly any make-up, she was more beautiful than the other woman in this room. She had only a little bit of red blush and had mascara and silver eye make up with silver glitter by her eyes, it all fitted perfectly with her long dress, that dragged along the floor, with a long slit going all the way to her hip, revealing her miles of pale long smooth athletic legs. Artemis had a look of boredom on her pretty face. All the other gods were talking and laughing, or dancing and drinking, while Artemis just sat in her chair looking bored out of her mind sipping a wine glass. I felt a sense of sorrow, I am just sitting here and doing nothing to put a smile on her face. "Go talk to her Perseus" Hestia said gently I shook my head, "I can't, I'll make a fool of myself. Besides, she is Artemis, THE maiden goddess, for what reason I don't know. I don't understand, how can someone as beautiful as her be a maiden goddess?" I asked Aunt Hestia, who was giggling with, "Aphrodite?" "Yes Perseus? Don't mind us, we are jut laughing at how love sick you are, you should just talk to her" The love goddess told me giggling. "I am not lovesick! And what am I supposed to say?" "Oh I don't know, maybe ask her to dance, talk about random things, or your and hers adventures" Aphrodite said in a duh voice, Hestia laughed. "Why hasn't anybody asked her to dance? Surely someone with her looks should have suitors lining up to ask her" "They are too scared. Many want to, but are afraid to be turned into a jackalope, you see, she has gained a reputation, but I believe she is actually being cautious" Hestia put, and Aphrodite agreed. "I see, because of Orion and those...incidents, she had her heart broken a couple of times didn't she?" I asked The two goddesses seemed surprised at my answer, "You are smarter than you look Percy" Aphrodite said, I blushed. "But nonetheless, talk to her, I'm sure she would enjoy your company" Hestia told me with a smile and walked away with Aphrodite. I looked at her, she was staring at the dance floor longingly, does she like to dance? I asked myself. I made up my mind, I was going to talk to her, of course I gulped down a shot of vodka first though. I stood up and walked over to Artemis, I sat down next to her, and she seemed genuinely surprised. "Perseus, what can I do for you?" Her eyes full of curiosity "Nothing, I am just here to talk, you look bored, why is that?" She sighed, "I am. Every year, I am the only person, besides Hestia that doesn't get...what's the word...hammered! I don't even know why father makes me come, I get so bored. Every single male, just doesn't have the guts to talk to me, instead they talk to a goddess who they know will, once again what's the phrase your generation says today...put out" "Hmm, I personally think that these gods are stupid" Artemis quirked her eyebrow as if to say how come? "They are missing out on a perfectly good chance to woo the enchanting moon goddess, they are too lazy and don't like you enough to work for your attention." Artemis smiled lightly, "You are wiser than people make you out to be Percy" I beamed, she looked at the dance floor again, "You like to dance don't you?" I cocked my head to the side. Artemis faced me and put her chin on her hand" Hmm?" "I said you like to dance don't you?" Artemis's enchanting silver pools had a twinkle in them, "How did you know? No god has asked me to dance" "You always look at the dance floor longingly. So I ask" I bowed and held out my hand, "May you do me the honour of allowing me this dance?" "Are you not scared?" "Of what?" I asked looking up at her, still bowing. "Of me, you know...Artemis the big scary man hater" "Actually, no. I think people are wrong about you."Artemis looked at me curiously, "I think you aren't a man hater, I think you are just being cautious, and people gave you the reputation of man hater. So I ask again...may I have this dance?" I gave her a toothy grin, people who overheard me this time looked at me feeling sorry for me. First year as a god, and I was going to die people thought. Artemis cocked her head to the side slightly and smiled, her eyes shining with...I don't know, but it made me smile, she looked cute. "You are the first man to ask me in years, of course I will" She took my hand, I led her to the dance floor. Everyone was staring at us mouths agape, or just watching curiously, as Artemis never danced with a god. Many gods were looking at me jealously; I gave them a 'You were to scared to ask her' look. I swirled Artemis around, she smiled at me when I pulled her close. I could feel her body pressed against mine, her head reached my chin, I put my hand on her hip, and held her hand, she had her right hand on my shoulder while the other held mine. I put my chin on her head taking a chance, she didn't seem to mind, and put her head on my chest. "You're a good dancer" I told her "Thank you, so are you." We swayed to the music contently, basking in the others embrace. The song ended, Artemis leaned in and whispered into my ear, "Thank you for the dance Perseus. More importantly, thank you for gathering up the guts to even talk to me, I appreciate it" her breaths against my ear made me shiver. "You're welcome" I whispered back I noticed that everyone was staring so I took her hand led her to the couch, "Everyone was staring" "I know, they are all, well...surprised" I nodded. After that we just started talking about random stuff like Aphrodite said. She told me how her adventures REALLY happened, and I told her about my travels. We were both laughing and giggling, we didn't notice people stop what they were doing and stare. "Wait...so eventually Zoe literally threw a rock at its eye?" I laughed "Yup, and it actually worked!" Artemis said and laughed harder. "Something similar happened to me when I first left. I encountered-" "But what I have always wondered Perseus is why you left in the first place?" I sighed, and told her the sad story. Artemis put her hand on mine, "I'm so sorry. She is an embarrassment to our gender, acting like a male. If I'd had known, I would have taught her a lesson, she did not deserve you." I chuckled and blushed at our hands, "It's fine, she tried to take me back when I became an Olympian, I rejected her "breaking" her heart. She only wanted me back because I was back on top." "She's a bitch!" I laughed, "Her nick name is Annabitch with my friends and I" Artemis giggled but suddenly said, "Well don't look now, but someone is jealous" Artemis glanced to the crowd, she was right. Annabitch was glaring at our hands, and well...us. I growled, "Can't she just except that I talk to other woman?" Artemis got a mischievous glint in her eye, "Well why don't we teach her a lesson?" "You mean like make her so jealous she leaves me alone?" I asked "Yes" Artemis grinned evilly, I smirked mischievously and nodded. "I think she's coming over, so we should do something" "Okay, put your arm around me" Artemis whispered quietly, I blushed but obliged. She leaned on my chest and giggled, "Oh Perseus you're just so funny!" She then sat on my lap and put her arms around my neck and looked at me "laughing". "Well