This just came to me in a dream, I'm not kidding. Basically in my dream I was stalking Legolas and Aragorn in the woods in my Hetalia school girl uniform. This is a little different but just hang in there. By the way this is all coming from my own POV. Disclaimer: If the characters other than myself belonged to me Aragorn/Legolas would be even more cannon. I breathed slowly and pulled the arrow back, my eyes fixated on the target. I stood there for several moments, emptying my mind of everything but me, the arrow, and the target. I was about to release my arrow when a voice behind me crashed into my world. "What are you doing?" Startled I released the arrow but moved my bow away from the target. My arrow flew and implanted itself into the wall next to the target. Great, all that concentration for nothing! I turned to yell at my intruder but stopped when I saw a girl one year my senior, about four inches taller than me, and with short brown hair and glasses over her eyes. She was wearing regular blue jeans and a grey zip up hoodie. I smiled at her. "Hey Mikaela, how have you been?" My friend, Mikaela, smiled at me and shrugged. "Oh, I've been fine, just fine. How have you been Rebecca?" That's my name, Rebecca. It's not the worst name but sometimes I wish I were given a Japanese name like Konata, and not just because she's my favorite character from Lucky Star! I walked over to the wall and pulled my arrow out. When I first received my arrow it was a beautiful scarlet, like the color of blood. But over the years and different series of battles its color has faded to a mere maroon color. When I walked back over to Mikaela I could hear my bare feet on the smooth wooden floor. Was I really walking that hard? Then again it might just be the big empty room causing the sound. I placed my bow down and walked over to the wall that was completely covered in mirrors (this room was usually used as a dance studio, but you can also practice fighting here). I took a good look at myself and frankly it looked like crap. Other than the fact I was still in pajamas that consisted of a bright yellow tank-top showing the creases of my B-cup bra and silky blue pajama pants my long brown hair was not in its usual bun and matted, there were dark circles under my icy blue eyes, and I was paler than I normally was (and believe me I'm a modern day Snow White). I sighed and began brushing my hair with my fingers. Mikaela walked up behind me and looked into the mirror. "Why don't you just use magic to fix your hair?" I froze at her words. Yes it's true; I am able to wield magic. Not black magic, but more of a care free witch type magic. But I prefer not to be called a witch; it is commonly believed that witches use their magic for evil and are hideous. So I prefer the term "enchantress" or "sorceress" or even "extremely freaky teenager". Anything but witch! I peered over at her for a moment, then back to the mirror. "One must not be so dependent on magic; it leads to laziness and corruption." Mikaela cocked her head. "Like Aku no Musume ?" I paused for a moment and shrugged. "Sort of, but that didn't really involve magic. In fact the most magic you see in the Story of Evil is when this devil told Len the secret of the ocean. They don't really tell you but by observation in "Regret Message" when someone or a royal family member makes a wish on the ocean it actually comes true." Mikaela was silent for a few seconds. "You got all that from the English translations?" I shook my head. "No, there were also pictures." Mikaela nodded her head slightly. "Yea…it was especially disturbing in "Rotten girl, grotesque romance"." I nodded slightly. "The sad part is that stuff like that happens in real life." We both shivered at the thought of having to deal with an obsessive stalker in our life. Who knew that love could be THAT disturbing? I let out a loud yawn and Mikaela cocked an eyebrow at me. I noticed this and looked at her. "What?" She looked at me closely for a second. "When did you go to bed last night?" I blinked and traced back my memory. "Uh…the last time I looked at the clock it was about 2 in the morning." Mikaela's eyes widened. "Two in the morning? It's only 11am! What time did you get up?" I rubbed my eye like a child might do. "I don't know…8-ish?" "That's only like…" she counted the numbers on her fingers "...6 hours of sleep! The bear minimum you should get is 8! What were you doing?" I chuckled a little and she narrowed her eyes at me studying me. Once she figured it out she smirked slightly. "You were looking up yaoi, weren't you?" I smiled and shrugged. "I guess it's more like slash but you could say that." She laughed and placed her hands on her hips. "What is it this time? Starsky/Hutch, Kirk/Spock, Hiccup/Toothless? Was it mpreg? Come on, tell me!" She begged. I knew that if I didn't answer I would never hear the end of it. I sighed and looked at her with tired eyes. "Aragorn/Legolas, and yes…there was one mpreg." "Aragorn and Legolas….from "Lord of the Rings", right?" I nodded. She smiled and sighed. "I remember them. Legolas is the one that looks like Germania, right?" I smiled and nodded. "You see it too?" "Of course! Who else would have long blonde hair and beautiful skin like that?" I slightly pursed my lips. " Well he is an elf mind you, but you have a point. I actually saw a motivational poster comparing and pointing out the similar character design of Aragorn and Legolas and Rome and Germania. I laughed when I saw it on deviantart." Mikaela looked at me with a somewhat shocked expression. "Someone made a motivational poster about it? That's cool." I nodded. "Yea, I know. I think I might be obsessed with Aragorn/Legolas." Mikaela raised and eyebrow at me. "What makes you say that?" It wasn't that she doubted it; she just wanted to hear my reasons. "Well…whenever I'm not reading about them or seeing them I feel dead inside or like banging my head against a wall, they're all I ever think about, when I'm reading about them/seeing them I cast away personal necessities such as sleep or hunger, and….this one is a bit new, I had a dream about them last night." Mikaela leaned forward a little. "A dream you say? Do tell me what it was about." I took a deep breath and sat down on the wooden floor, soon followed by Mikaela. "Well….it's rather odd. I dreamt that I found some sort of magic mirror that lead to a pond in…Mirkwood? No…Gondor, I think it was the woods of Gondor. Either way it was Middle-Earth. When I walked into the mirror it was as if I came out of the pond, yet I was dry. I was wearing my regular cloths. You know, my French armored chest plate, my chain mail with baggy short sleeves and a hood, blue skinny jeans, my long black boots with the metal toe covering, along with my butler gloves and Mockingjay necklace. I also had my weapons. My bow and arrow, my silver dagger in its maroon colored sheath hanging from my belt, and my recently added Ballistic knife in a sheath next to my dagger." "Wait a minute…where did you get a Ballistic knife? Aren't those like a knife and a gun?" "Yes, and I know a guy…..or girl. Anyways I heard something and hid behind a tree. I heard voices and recognized them to be Aragorn's and Legolas'. I peaked from the tree and saw them walking together. Then something happened that made me come out of hiding. I don't know who or what but someone, or some thing , tried to do something to harm Aragorn. I don't remember anything after that. But I do know one thing. It felt so…..so….." "Real?" Mikaela said finishing my sentence. I looked up at her and nodded. I just realized that I was hugging my legs. "Yea…real." Mikaela looked at me long and hard. "Is something troubling you?" It seems that she saw right through me. "If I said no, then that would be a lie." "What is it?" Mikaela said her voice filled with concern. I sighed. "It felt really real…as in that it happened or….." "Will happen?" I nodded. "Yea…this wouldn't be the first time my dreams gave me a vision of the future. Just not on this kind of scale." Mikaela shrugged. "We all have a dream like that once in our lifetime. Plus we need to remember that you were very wrapped up in LOTR before you went to bed so that probably affected your dreams." I smiled and sat up strait. "Yea…you're right. Heh…look at me, worrying over a tiny dream." "You really worry me sometimes." Mikaela said laughing. I looked at her. "Yes well, toki wo tomeru mahou wasureru kurai no shiawase na toki wa sugiteyuku ." "Huh?" "It means, "Let's forget about the magic that stops time, now is a time of joy"." She still looked at me, still confused. "Oh, it's a line from the song "Witch Hunt" with Megurine Luka. You know, "The sad tale of a prince and a witch"?" Mikaela let out a silent "oh" and stood up. "Well, I don't know about you but I'm hungry. Does this place have a kitchen?" I nodded and pointed to a door that leads to a hallway. "There's a kitchen in the back. If I remember correctly there are a few slices of pizza and a bin of leftover pasta we could have." Mikaela's eyes brightened up. "Sweet! I'll be right back!" and with that she disappeared behind the door. I stood up and smiled. I looked in the mirrors and decided that I should probably get dressed. So with a wave of my hands my cloths changed to my normal ones (the ones I described in the dream) and my hair was magically tied up in a bun with two loose strands of thick hair falling on the sides of my face to provide as my bangs. For some reason I always feel more comfortable when my hair is touching my cheeks. I had all my weapons on me once again and I looked back in the mirrors. I looked a lot better than I did a few seconds ago. I smiled and leaned on one of the mirrors. That's when the most peculiar thing happened. Due to my impact the mirror next to me seemed to pop out a little. At first I thought it was broken when I noticed that it seemed like it opened like a door. I opened the mirror and I was right, it was a door. I looked beyond the mirror and saw a dark room with various abject in it. I couldn't see what they were; I could only make out their shapes. Hehehe….make out, I humor myself sometimes. I looked back to the door where Mikaela had left me. Exploring should only take a couple minutes and it'll take a while to heat up the pizza and pasta. So I carefully stepped into the mysterious room. I created a purple ball of light that followed me around so I could see when I went beyond the light emitted by the open door/mirror. There was really nothing much to see. Just a bunch of objects like couches and tables covered