Alistriniathe Spider Slayer By Amanda Eichelberger Long under the protection of Greenwood the Great had Alistrinia lived with her mother and father, until the day that the Dark Shadow had crept over the land and engulfed all living creatures in the forest except for the elves. But it was not long before their way of life was altered for ever. One day as Alistrinia was climbing up a mighty tree, looking down upon her small home when she heard her mother's scream and her father cry out loud. In her terror she saw the spiders, large as a man and as black as the shadows, attack her family unprepared. Quickly she jumped down and made a dash to her home as fast as her legs would allow, tears streamed from her eyes as she reached her home only to find that she was too late. In mourning she cried out "Matier! Ada!" Taking out her father's long knives she slash at the spiders in anger killing many before she felt a cold sting of the spider's fangs as the sank deep into her flesh and she fell to the ground but not before she killed the lob. When she awoke she felt all a daze as she looked up she saw a kindly face but of whose she could not tell for she was still weak from the venom, all she knew was that he was a elf like herself a child of the woods. Though she was still weak she felt the warm flame of the fire on one side and the bitter sting of the cold night air on the other; she was found herself lying in a soft bed of grass. She struggled a bit as she prop herself up against a tree, and then the elf spoke to her. "You really should rest young one. Spiders venom has made you weak, you are lucky to be alive those lobs were out to kill. What is your name young one?" Looking at him she replied "My name is Alistrinia. Now you know who I am but I still do not now who you are?" " I am Legolas Greenleaf, I found you lying on the ground, by the looks of things you put up quite a fight" In a soft sad voice she replied "Thank-you for helping me, but please do not compliment me on my fighting for I was not quick enough to save even my own parents." "Do not despair for you did your best." said Legolas to comfort her. "Next time I'll make sure that those lobs don't win!" she says with hidden anger. As Alistrinia was taken by Legolas to the realm of the elf king, she did not yet know of his true identity as the prince of Mirkwood. "This path will take use strait to the palace. We should be there in a day or so providing you are up to it." Legolas said as he turned to face Alistrinia. Annoyed by this remark Alistrinia ran ahead of Legolas just to prove that she was alright. "Ha, see the spider's venom does not affect meeeee!" Alistrinia fell down when her legs gave out from beneath her. Legolas ran over to her to help her up." Are you all right?" he said with concern. Sighing Alistrinia resounded "Yes, yes I am all right." Suddenly a strange laughter came from the trees "Silly girl fall down! hehehehe" Quickly drawing his bow Legolas shot an arrow at where the sound was coming from. The crackling of branches was heard as strange little elf like creature fell out of the tree. "Ha now it is your turn to fall down you foul thing." Alistrinia snapped at it. "Please do not shot me for I am an elf just like you!" it said. "If you are true then of what realm do you come from" asked Legolas. "I'm a wilde elf. Oooo neat bow can I see." the Wilde elf said as it reached out to grab the bow, but Legolas notched the arrow further. Alistrinia was annoyed by the little nymph but decided to try to befriend it. "My name is Alistrinia, what is your name?" "My birth name is Rûdhyulma, but others call me Rûdhy." As the trio walk through the forest on the path of created by the elves long ago Alistrinia was beginning to regret her decision about letting Rûdhy tag along with them. "Thank ye soo much for lettin' me come along with ye, I've never been to a city before not unless ye count the time I went up to the Smokey Mount were the dwarves dwelt, but mind that was only on a dare..." all this Rûdhy said while they walked. "Who is it you can stand all of this talking? Please tell me your secret! My! If she keeps this up I'm about tempted to take my long knives to her tongue." Alistrinia whispered to Legolas. "It is not that easy to ignore her chatter but it is from years of training. Just remember it WAS your idea to bring her along so it's your responsibility to watch her, after all see is younger then yourself." resounded Legolas. Suddenly Legolas stopped and signaled for a everyone to stop. Alistrinia stopped and looking with her keen sight around for what had disturbed him so but could see nothing. But Rûdhy had sensed something also; turning she whimpered "Ye should climb up high, get better view up there and see the fiend." "Me!" Alistrinia said in shock "You are the better climber then I." "Yes, but my arm still hurts remember I fell out of tree thanks to you!" Rûdhy replied with a glare. "Alright, alright I'll climb." Alistrinia said with reluctance, after all the last time she climbed her parents were killed. As she climbed higher she regained some of her spirit. "What do you see?" yelled Legolas from the ground. "Nothing yet." replied Alistrinia, "Wait I do see something, it looks like a column of lobs coming this way." "How many, how many!" screeched Rûdhy high pitched voice. Alistrinia jumped down to the ground, her tunic fluttered when she landed nearly on top of Rûdhy. "There has to be at the very least a thousand. Legolas how far are we from the palace." Alistrinia said a bit out of breath. "Not far if we run." he replied. "Alright lets hurry because it looks like that's were they are headed." "Yeah we're going to fight, I love to fight." Rûdhy said with excitement. As the last rays of the dieing sunlight pierced the woven mat of leaves and branches they shined on the backs of the three warriors as they ran as fast as their legs would allow through the dense forest. Stopping only for a brief moment to gain their bearings and catch their breath, mostly it was Alistrinia who need to catch her breath. "This is disgraceful!" thought Alistrinia, "A wood elf such as me should not have to stop to catch her breath so much! It must be the spider's venom, it must still have a hold on me, but I will not let it prevent me from defending the realm of the wood elves." She then straightened herself and turn back to face at her companions with a look of determination. But it quickly turned to that of disappointment for she saw question and despair in the eyes of Legolas and Rûdhy. "What is wrong with the two of you? Why do you despair so? Come on we must continue on our way, we may still be able to warn the realm." questioned Alistrinia. Legolas answered her "It still a good ways off before we would come to the realm, and the light is fading fast. If we were too continued with out further stops, it would be darkest night by the time we would reach it. The spiders will be not far behind us; this will not give our people time enough to prepare for battle." Rûdhy looked down at the ground with sadness and whispered softly "So all is lost then." With a strong and confidant voice Alistrinia spoke "Legolas are really going stand by and do nothing as your people are destroyed. Well are you?" He lifted his head and a small smile formed upon his lips, "No I will not stand ideally by. I will fight till my end." Rûdhy gave a large smile, "So all is not lost?" Alistrinia now smiled too "No it is not Rûdhy, but we are going to have to go without stopping till we get there." As Legolas had predicted, it was darkest night by the time they arrived at the palace, to their surprise it looked as though the realm was already preparing for battle. There they told of the ordeal of the approaching spiders to King Thranduil, and how the elves should prepare as quickly as possible to battle this enemy. He listened to their words for a time but with a heavy heart he spoke, "This news is indeed grave for now it seems that we have enemies attacking from both flanks." "What do you mean by this father?" Legolas inquired. "We received word from a look out that a legion of orcs is coming from the east. I fear that we will not be able to withstand is assault." King Thranduil said in grief. Alistrinia was so enraged by this that without remembering whom she was talking to she blurted out "So you are not going to fight back, your just going to let them annihilate our people talk of giving in without so much as a struggle! I have not come this far simply to surrender to these foul creatures of the Dark Lord! Come now surly this are not the words of the King of Greenwood the Great that come from your mouth." When Alistrinia had said her peace, she found herself being stared at in aw by a hundred pairs of eyes. No one had ever dared to speak to the king in such a way before, for fear of what might happen if they did. Alistrinia still stood her ground without any sign of fear as the king began to speak to her, "In all of my long years of ruling, never has anyone spoken to me in such disrespect. These are bold words for such a young elf maid to speak to her elder, yet this young elf maid possessed more courage and wisdom then I have seen in good awhile from any of my subjects. We shall fight these enemies even if it means are own destruction, for it is better to be die fighting then to never have fought at all." With these words the elves began to prepare for battle. This filled Alistrinia's heart with joy and hope that they had a chance now to survive this. So light was her heart that she began to sing: "Naur vi eryn, lanc i dalaf. Mathach vi geven? Nostach vi 'wilith? Mâb le i nagor, Bâd gurth vi ngalad firiel. Dorthach vi mar han? Dagrathach go hain? 'The woods are burning, the ground lies bare. Do you feel it in the earth? Can you smell it in the air? The war is upon you, Death moves in the fading light. Are you part of this world? Will you join their fight?'" The night was dark as an ink well, saves for the occasional gossamer of light from the moon as it shown through the dense covering of clouds. The wood elves stood at their respected posts ready for their foes to show their faces and start the battle. Rûdhy jumped up and down with excitement for she could not wait to fight. Looking down at Rûdhy, Alistrinia laughed as she spoke "Hehehehe, calm down Rûdhy you'll have plenty of orcs and lobs to fight once they get here." "I know, I know, but I cannot