Awakening of the Balrogs Inlittle less then a week Alistrinia was her old self once again, running as fast as she was able through the dense vegetation then leaping in the air as if she were able to fly. And when she felt like it she would climb to the very tops of the trees, the only place were she truly could reminisce about the days long past and were Mirkwood would transform into Greenwood the Great once again. As the breeze blew in her face she smelled all the aroma of Middle Earth. The scent freshly made ale from the men of Dale, roaring fires and roasting meat from the Dwarves of the Misty Mountain, the sweet pine and birch trees of Lothlorien, pipe smoke from hobbits of the Shire, and the last smell frightened her greatly for it was the smell of burning flesh from Mordor. Then she saw a small dragon fling over head, its beautiful wings caught in the breeze as it soared in the blue-gray sky. When Alistrinia got down from the tree, it was Rûdhy that met her at the base. "Looks like we have company Rûdhy, let us welcome our guest shall we?" Alistrinia said with a smile. "Who is the guest Alistrinia? And how is it you know we have this company?" asked Rûdhy as she stared into the forest to try to see if someone was coming. "It is Thalionmornie, come I race you to the realm if you like. Ready, go!" and with that Alistrinia was off. "Thalionmornie she back, how you know. Hey wait for me!" Rûdhy shouted as she ran to try to catch up with Alistrinia who had a good start. "I saw her dragon Aravorn flying over head and Thalionmornie is never far away. Only you cant she her with her elven cloak on, even if you are an elf yourself." Alistrinia shouted back to Rûdhy as she ran to realm. When they finally reached the watch tower and ran up the long stairway to the top, Alistrinia shouted to the guards, "Open the gates! Thalionmornie is coming this way!" One of the guards called Caomhan came over and said, "How do you know that she is coming, we have not seen anyone approaching?" "She wears a clock that hides her from even friendly eyes. But I saw her pet dragon fling over head." Replied Alistrinia. The guards talked briefly with each other then agreed to open the gate. At this Thalionmornie revealed herself, shaking her green hood from over her eyes, as she walked through the gates. Alistrinia ran down the stairs to meet her friend whom she had be expecting. Thalionmornie grinned. "It is good to see you again. Now tell me what brings you to this part of the woods?" asked Alistrinia with a smile. "I am surprised that you knew that I was coming, I suppose you saw Aravorn flying hmm. Well it is good to see you too Alistrinia, it looks like you have recovered fully, that is good because you are going to all your strength about you if we are going to defeat this new enemy." Thalionmornie spoke as she and Alistrinia walked. "What is this new evil that has arisen my friend?" Asked Alistrinia with great interest. "The Balrogs have awoken from their dark sleep." Thalionmornie replied grimly. The two were silent for a while, then Alistrinia asked "But still they remain in Angband right?" "Not much longer," answered Thalionmornie. "They threaten to destroy Middle-earth and rule it in a reign of fire, we may be looking at another holocaust of the War of Wrath...You have lived here in Mirkwood all your life do you think the king will aid us? For I aim to fight these powers, and I assume you couldn't pass up a fight," she added with a small grin. Alistrinia laughed, and then said. "The Prince Legolas would come, but unfortunately he is away in Rivendell right now. Thranduil I doubt will support this until Mirkwood itself is threatened for he fears that the spiders are still a threat and might attack again. And, you know I'm coming, I would not want to miss the chance to slay a few balrogs." "Sir Guard!" Thalionmornie called. "Can you lead us to the king?" "We wish to have an audience with him, Caomhan," Alistrinia added. "It is of the utmost importance." The Caomhan agreed to lead them into the King's caves, and to his court, and introduced them. "Your lordship," said Alistrinia, and they both bowed their heads. "Lord Thranduil," began Thalionmornie, and paused as Aravorn flew through the entrance to land on her shoulder, then continued. "We seek your aid. The Balrogs have awoken again. Alistrinia and I seek to battle them, before they gain control over this Middle-earth. Though we are brave, we are only two warriors and cannot do this alone." King Thranduil gazed at them intently for a while, but said nothing for a long time. Finally, Thalionmornie grew impatient, as she is a wanderer and not one for long councils. "Sir?" she asked loudly. Alistrinia gave a slight smile for she too was growing impatient but she knew that she had not press her luck with king, she was fortunate that she got of as easily as she did the last time. He coughed, and then glared. "You two are very brave, as you both proved years ago in our battle against the spiders. But I cannot yet risk war with such a power, not yet, not so soon. We may decide in a week or so, for this is not a decision to be taken lightly." Worry, concern, and a slight trace of anger crossed Thalionmornie's face, and Alistrinia noticed this. "Lord, we have no such time," she said. "We cannot give the Balrogs such freedom if we do then I fear what may befall us. The last time they arose we lost six high elven-lords to one Balrog, Gothmog, alone. These included Feanor the most renowned of the elven-kings." The king frowned. "I am sorry. You are welcome to stay here until the two of you leave. But I cannot provide an army so soon." "I will leave tomorrow," responded Thalionmornie, "If Alistrinia is ready." Alistrinia nodded. "I am." The sun set and they left to find quarters in the caves. As the two of them walked along the stone halls in search of a place to stay the night Alistrinia spoke up. "I am sorry my friend, but it seems that we are on our own for this battle." Alistrinia said with disappointment in her voice. Thalionmornie with her head still down replied, "It is alright; truthfully, I did not expect Thranduil to say yes to aid us. But still that leaves only the two of us to prevent the Balrogs from escaping Angband and burning all of Middle-Earth to ashes." "Do not worry. I am sure that we will be able to hold our own against them." Alistrinia said in hopes of cheering Thalionmornie up. "And besides we are bound to meet someone who will give us aid along the way there." Thalionmornie looked at her friend and gave a small smile, "Ha! You really think we will meet someone who will willingly want to aid us on a mission to destroy this evil." "Well you never know, you just have to keep hope." Alistrinia smiled back. In the time between the setting of the moon and before the twilight of dawn, Thalionmornie and Alistrinia were already packed and ready to set out on their journey to drive back the Balrogs. But before they left they heard a small voice calling them. "Wait, wait for me! I'm coming too." It was Rûdhy running up behind them, trying to catch up. Turning around Alistrinia gave Rûdhy a disapproving look, "Rûdhy, what are you doing here?" Rûdhy looked at Alistrinia with a very serious look on her face, "With you to fight Balrogs, of course silly." "I'm sorry Rûdhy but you can't come with us, it's too dangerous." Thalionmornie told Rûdhy. Rûdhy frowned, and Alistrinia set her down on a tree stump. "She's right, you know. Balrogs are too big a challenge for even so great a warrior as you." But Rûdhy pouted, and sniffed 'Why you two go then?' Neither of them could think of any answer that would make their young friend feel better. After a long silence, Thalionmornie said, "We must go now. It is a long journey, but do not fret, little one, we will return soon, and bring you a surprise." And so the two friends walked down the forest paths, leaving a disappointed Rûdhy behind. She waved them a mournful goodbye, for she had no idea whether or not she would ever see them again. Alistrinia tried her best to hide her sadness, for she knew that she would miss Rûdhy no matter annoying she could be at times. "Just remember it WAS your idea to bring her along so it's your responsibility to watch her, after all she is younger then yourself." These words from her past arose in her mind as they walk on the way. They had traveled a great number of leagues since they had left the realm that morning. Now it had reached dusk and the two travelers had already reached the Withered Hearth at the edge of the Grey Mountains. "We're making go time, don't you agree Thalionmornie? Uttered Alistrinia, as they made their way along the rocky path. "Yes if we can keep at this pace we should make to Angband in, hmmm a week or so. But that would mean walking without much rest. Are you up for that Alistrinia?" Thalionmornie asked as she looked behind her at her friend. "Yes, I am up for it!" Alistrinia said, agitated that Thalionmornie would ask her such a question. She hated to feel weaker then other elves simply because of the wound she had received. "My wound does not slow me down, so you need not feel pity on me." "I meant no offense. I just don't wont you to lose your strength. I know you may not like to hear this, but you still do not have all of your old strength back yet." Thalionmornie tried to comfort her friend. Alistrinia simply shrugged, and they trudged on, following Aravorn flying, who could see the land ahead. They had been walking for many days since they left Mirkwood, ever northward along the foothills of Hithaeglir (Misty Mountains). Thalionmornie had absentmindedly been singing one song repetitively, and she began again: "Tree tops passing overhead, And rocky paths underfoot. Walking on, little said; I've succeeded where I could." She was about to sing the next verse when Aravorn gave a hunting cry from overhead. The two Elves stopped silent. Then there was another noise - the clamor of falling stones. "Do you see anything?" the elder asked Alistrinia. "No," she answered. "Wait! Up there." Alistrinia pointed father up the hill. A bit of red cloth quickly whipped behind a large boulder. "Someone's up there." "Come on," Thalionmornie said, giving her friend a hand up onto a boulder. They climbed up a ways, keeping an eye on the one rock. "Who are you?" ordered Alistrinia. Up popped a wizard, staff in hand, and grinning. "I am Arianrhod the Red Wizard. You think me a threat, I assume, for you both seem tense. I am merely journeying, and did not wish to be seen...but your dragon found me." Aravorn was perched on a rock nearby, eyeing the wizard suspiciously. "And who are you, may I ask?" "My name is Thalionmornie, the Green Star." "And I am Alistrinia, the Spider Slayer of the Woodland Realm." A smiled creped across Arianrhod face and she spoke to them, "Good now that we are acquainted I wish to know what business you have on the Misty Mountains…?" She paused and squinted as she looked harder