Chapter 1 - Healing House An elvish Ithilien soldier made his way slowly to the Healing House. His battle mate had offered to come with him, but he refused saying the wound was nothing more than a scratch, but it needed to be properly cleaned and checked for poison. He knew this was not the case. He had seen men wounded in that fashion, and he knew this was nothing like the usual burn of such a harmful infection. He had been careless during the latest battle with a group of Haradrim. The elvish soldier knew better than to take his eyes off his enemy to check on his partner, but he thought there had been trouble. The distraction was just enough to give the Harad man an opportunity to swing his weapon, striking the soldier across his upper arm, tearing through the black sleeve of his uniform and cutting into his bicep. It had been a mistake for sure, but not all was in vain. The wound was deep, but it would also represent the elf's first battle scar, something all soldiers prided themselves on. Now maybe his fellow soldiers would stop teasing him about his ' virgin flesh' . He swore that if he didn't get wounded soon, he would do it himself just to end the ridicule. He opened the door to the Healing House and looked around. There was an elderly gentleman holding his head in his hands looking quite distraught. The soldier wondered if he was here with his own ailments or waiting for word of another. The old man glanced up at the elf, who in turn nodded and bowed slightly to show his respect. The man nodded without a smile, clearly in some sort of pain. Other than that, the room was empty and the elf took a seat to wait his turn. It seemed that he was the first of the wounded to arrive, but soon there would be more soldiers. The battle was at its height when he left, by orders of his Captain. He could have kept fighting, but he had been careless, and in the line of sight of his Captain. The elvish soldier was reprimanded … again. This was his last warning, the Captain had said. His punishment had been his orders to leave mid-battle, before—as his Captain put it—he lost more than just his pride. At least he received his wound first, the soldier smiled to himself. He glanced down at the temporary bandage wrapped around his upper arm. Blood was seeping to the surface, but it was not bad. All wounds bled, and this one seemed to be minimal, though it was beginning to burn just a bit. He hoped it was not poison, he thought as he second guessed himself. The door to the examining room opened, and a lovely elleth came out holding a small pouch in her slender hands. She sat down next to the elderly man, and gave him instructions on how to use the herbs in the pouch. He nodded and thanked her, patting her arm. The blond elleth placed her hand over his and smiled warmly, reassuring him that all would be well. Then she helped him up from his chair and to the front door of the office. She asked him if he was alright to walk home by himself, and the man nodded, smiling for the first time. He hobbled out the door with his little pouch, and the elleth closed the door after watching him for a little while. She smiled to herself. Obviously, the elderly patient was known to her, as she showed her concern. Then she looked to the new patient, the smile still upon her lips, "Well now, what do we have here, an injured soldier?" "Yes, my lady, I was cut on the arm by the blade of a Haradrim sword. The wound is not deep, but I wanted to have it checked for poison," he answered. She went to the patient room door and opened it for him, "Come along then, and let's see what we'll find beneath that bandage." As he passed by her, she asked his name. "Halion, my lady," he answered respectfully. "Well, Halion, follow me and I'll put you in the examination room. I'll let the Mistress Healer know you are here." She smiled kindly at the young soldier, and then led him down the hall. "May I have the pleasure of knowing your name?" he asked, as they walked. "I'm Rhawen, assistant to the Mistress." Halion smiled slyly, "That is a lovely name for one as beautiful as you." Rhawen glanced over her shoulder, "Hmm, maybe that wound is poisoned after all, or are you naturally this bold with all the ladies?" "Only with those that I find so appealing," Halion answered. Rhawen smiled and seemed to blush slightly. She ignored his last comment, and pushed open the door to the examining room, "Sit here and I will be back to check your arm." Halion nodded and watched her leave, then he checked his surroundings. The room was in pristine order with chairs and a few beds arranged in a row along one wall. Opposite of where he sat were shelves with jars and bottles, boxes and pouches of all different shapes and colors. Most of them seemed to be filled with dried leaves or powders. A few of the bottles held oddly colored liquids. Halion got up and went to the shelves to examine them more closely. He knew nothing about healing herbs, and he wondered what all of the different things were used for. As he walked along examining the bigger jars filled with roots or twigs, he suddenly stopped and gasped when one of the jars seemed to be looking back at him. Halion narrowed his eyes, and leaned closer as many sets of eyes gazed absently through a murky yellowish liquid. He reached out and tapped the glass jar. Whatever was in there did not move or blink. "Marsh frogs," someone said, and Halion jumped back from the shelf, spinning around and reaching for his sword. Feeling an empty scabbard, he remembered leaving his weapon with his battle mate. He fumbled a moment, embarrassed. "Apologies, my lady," he said when he saw the Mistress Healer smiling at him. "Quite alright, it's a warrior's instincts to reach for his weapon," she replied. Feeling his face burn red, he turned back to the strange jars on the shelf. "Marsh frogs, you say?" he asked curiously. "They are poisonous you know, but their poison is very useful as a numbing solution when it is properly mixed with certain herbs," she said, as she approached the soldier. She immediately reached for his bandaged arm. "I believe this is more than a mere scratch," she said, noticing the blood seeping through the gauze. Then she stood back and smiled. "My name is Terrwyn, the Mistress Healer of this House." "Mistress Terrwyn, I'm Halion," he said with a bow of his head. "I have heard many great things about you. Some of my troops have been treated here, and say nothing but kind words." "Well, that is good to know," she answered as she led him back to his seat. "And Terrwyn will be fine. It is my name after all, and I will have you call me as thus. No 'Lady', no 'Mistress', just Terrwyn." "As you wish," Halion smiled. Rhawen came back into the room then, and Halion's eyes went straight to the elleth. Terrwyn took notice right away. "Rhawen, would you undress the wound, and give your analysis of the situation?" "Of course, Terrwyn," she smiled, and took the soldier's arm, carefully unraveling the soiled bandage. Terrwyn watched not only her assistant, but Halion as well. It seemed the bandage was not the only thing being undressed, as the soldier examined Rhawen from head to toe, stopping briefly at her cleavage and hips. He was a rather handsome, yet young elf, with dark brown hair midway down his back, and an interesting shade of brown eyes rimmed in gold. Many soldiers took notice of Rhawen when they came to the healing house, and for good reason. She was very lovely, with her golden hair the color of wheat, and her bright blue eyes, slim figure and tall just like the rest of her elvish kin. She always had a smile upon her pink lips, and kindness in her eyes. Terrwyn first met Rhawen at her wedding, where she had been a wine servant. Rhawen had been working in the kitchens in her spare time, but she longed to learn the art of healing. When Terrwyn and her husband, Feredir, left Eryn Lasgalen to return to Ithilien, a small group of wood elves joined them. Rhawen had been one of them. She was young for an elf, determined and independent, willing to do anything to follow her dreams of becoming a healer. It was an easy decision for Rhawen to leave the comforts of her home, and start over in the new city of Ithilien. With the bandage completely removed, Rhawen could clearly see the slice in Halion's arm. It had been a clean cut through the flesh, but the muscle was not damaged. Blood pooled in the incision, and she held a rag over it before it ran down his arm, "It bleeds freely," she told Terrwyn. "And the edges seem clean, not bubbled and grey." "What does that mean?" Halion asked worriedly. "It means there was no poison on the blade that struck you." Rhawen smiled and eased the soldier's mind. "Just some stitches, and you will be as good as new." Halion smiled but only partly, and Terrwyn knew why. "Is this your first battle wound?" "Yes, my lady," he answered, forgetting to call her by her name. "I took my eyes off the enemy for just a moment and … well . . ." "You are lucky you were not struck any higher, or it might have been your head that you lost." "I was told that several times by my ranking officer," Halion replied disappointedly. "He was not at all pleased with my performance." Terrwyn laughed. "They never are it seems, but they are hard on you for a reason." She patted him on the shoulder. "I will let Rhawen prep the wound while I get my instruments ready." Rhawen stepped forward with a bottle containing a clear liquid, and a clean white rag. "This may sting a little, but it will clean out the wound." She placed the rag at the bottom of the slice and poured some of the liquid into the open flesh. Halion hissed and sucked air between his clenched teeth. The wound instantly began to bubble. "Is it supposed to do that?" he asked. "If it didn't I would be worried, but this is exactly what it's supposed to do," she answered. After a moment, she covered the injury with another rag. "Hold that there for a moment," she told him. He put his hand over the rag, brushing her hand as he did. Their eyes connected for a moment, but Rhawen turned away immediately, and went to the shelf. She retrieved a jar of creamy salve, and returned to her patient. "What is that for?" Halion asked curiously. "It is a numbing solution," she answered, as she took off the lid, and placed it on a table next to her. With another small rag, she dipped it into the jar and turned back to the soldier. "Numbing solution … m-made from the marsh frogs?" he asked nervously, as he nodded towards the large jar on the shelf in front of him. Rhawen nodded and dabbed the salved over the cut flesh. Halion watched as she carefully and skillfully applied the medicine. He smiled and looked up at her through his long dark lashes. "I will not crave flies after this, will I?" he jested. "I don't