A/N: This story is set in the Fourth Age, not long after the War of the Ring. The main characters are OC's. Canon characters are secondary. I hope you will give this story a chance and do not take Tolkien history too seriously. This is my idea of what life in the Fourth Age, especially Ithilien, might be like. Thanks for reading. Chapter 1 - Memories Terrwyn lay next to this elf, studying every inch of him. The look of his body was nothing like the browned and muscular bodies of the Rohirrim men. No, Feredir (Fair-eh-dear) was broad and lean. His skin was fair. His long black waist length hair was sleek and soft. Yet she knew of his hidden strength. Where the Rohirrim looked strong and intimidating, elves seemed fragile. Nothing could be further from the truth. She had felt that strength last night as they made love for the first time. He held her by the waist, suspended above the bed, pounding repeatedly into her willing body. He made her feel weightless, as if she defied gravity. He was gentle with her, considerate of her needs and wants. He paid close attention to her body's movements and answered its demands for satisfaction. He lived and breathed for her in that moment, to please her to the fullest not caring if he found his own release. This was yet another difference among her human kin. She had received more than enough stares from certain men. It made her feel dirty, as if they only wanted to use her. They only saw her as a receptacle for their own pleasure and fantasies. They would not have cared if they pleased her. Maybe this was partly why she never cared much for human men. She studied the fair smooth skin of Feredir's upper body. Small scars adorned his perfect skin, traveling down his side. They were evidence of past battles left by the weapons of his enemies, scars of his wounds that would never completely disappear. Some were straight. Some were curved here and there. It almost looked like artwork, but she knew this was only the work of his foes. Still, the raised white scars were as a rite of passage to him. He had proven that he was a warrior through and through. He always seemed to need to prove it more than the other's. Oh, how she longed to see him in action. She felt her excitement as she thought about his muscled arms holding his bow, arrow notched and ready to kill, back straight, hair blowing out behind him, complete concentration on his countenance. He would never allow it, but to watch him fight would have been worth the risk. He was just that enticing. Lost in thought, Terrwyn traced over his body with her finger. She started at his shoulder, traveled down his side and over his rippled abs to his hip and down his pelvis. Something caught her attention as she lightly caressed the smooth skin of his body, a pulsing movement beneath the white silky sheet. She smiled and watched his still face. "You are not asleep," she said softly. His eyes remained closed but the corner of his mouth upturned into a smile. "I cannot sleep when you touch me like this." "I am sorry. I did not mean to disturb you." He rolled onto his side so he could look into her green eyes. "You could never disturb me." He brought his lips to hers, brushing them ever so lightly against her softness. She touched one of the longer curved scars on his side. "Did it hurt . . . when they did this to you, when the enemy attacked you?" "It was . . . uncomfortable," he answered smugly. Terrwyn smiled and rolled onto her back. "You would never admit to any pain." "Only to the pain I feel when I am not deep inside you," he said wantonly. Feredir threw the sheet from his body and rolled on top of her. He settled between her spread legs and plunged into her depths. Terrwyn woke from her dream for that was all this was. Feredir was not here now and she was alone once more. Tears streaked her face. What would she do without him? Where would she go? He was her world now and the only life she ever wanted. Now that she was wide awake, she thought about how it all started, this love of the elves, but it did not start with Feredir as one might think. No, her infatuation started when she was much younger, only a child. She had heard many tales of the elves of long ago. They seemed like a dream to her and their heritage peaked her curiosity. Terrwyn never thought she would meet an elf for they seemed so aloof, unattainable. Then the day came when she met her first elf. He made such an impression on her that day that it changed her life forever. This is her story . . . Terrwyn was a young woman of Rohan. Her frame was tall and slender. Her hair was like most of her mother's family, reddish blonde with a slight waviness, and it hung half way down her back. Being raised out in the open plains, one might think her skin was a golden tan, but she was quite fair for a Rohirric. She loved the sun, though, and the sound of the wind blowing across the dry grass and the sound of leaves rustling in the trees. It was instilled in her. It was a part of her that would never change. She was born and raised in the Westfold. It was hard life living in the dry grasslands but her family gave her the best life they could with what they had. The times were changing lately. There was an imposing darkness spreading through the land that put everyone on edge. Being just a child though, she did not think much of it. To her, every day was an adventure and a blessing. Her father, Hathred, a tall muscular man with golden sun-bleached hair, was a soldier and was away very often. He helped to protect their land, what little land they had left since the Wildsmen began plundering it. When he was home though, he was with his family who he loved very much. He gave them all the attention he could for it would not be long before he was gone again. Her mother, Larrwyn, was beautiful and tall with red hair, tan skin and green eyes. She worked hard to keep food on the table while her husband was away, washing uniforms and such for the soldiers. It paid little, but enough until her husband returned with his reward for serving the Rohirrim. Terrwyn also had a brother, Hathmund, with golden hair like their father's, though darker since the sun had not faded it yet. He was three years her elder and very protective of his little sister. Even at such a young age, he already planned to follow in his father's footsteps and become a soldier. Even though life was hard, it was good and they were all very close to one another. Everything went smoothly because they had each other. However, that would soon change and when Terrwyn was six years old, her father perished during an attack by the Wildsmen. She would never see her father again after that and none would have time to grieve. Their village was under siege and they had to flee from their home. War was coming to their lands and they would not be safe. So their mother took what few mementoes she had and her two children and headed for the safety of Helm's Deep. Most who remember that time were terrified, but not Terrwyn. Maybe it was because she was so young it did not register with her the way it did with older children and adults. Her mother did a good job of making it seem like a game, while at the same time hiding her grief for her deceased husband. Hathmund took his father's death very hard and seemed to close himself off to the world swearing revenge one day. To Terrwyn, their stay at Helm's Deep was exciting. There were many people from all over the Riddermark. She never knew that so many people resided in these parts. She met many children her own age and made some new friends. All was well until the war came. They were sent along with the other women and children into the caves where they would be safe and out of harm's way. It was a terrifying night to say the least. The sounds of war outside were like never ending thunder. It was quiet in the caves except for crying children. Terrwyn did not cry. She only huddled close to her mother and Hathmund, sometimes sleeping, sometimes listening. And then it was over. The war was won and evil swept away. The people emerged from the caves to find the Deep extremely damaged but still standing. They would stay here until word came from the King of Rohan that it was safe to return to their homes. That was when reality set in and their mother fell into despair over the death of Hathred. She did not eat or sleep. She did not talk or smile. Larrwyn completely cut herself off from life around her and the children had to fend for themselves. Hathmund, being the older sibling, started to take care of Terrwyn. He made sure she had food and played games with her. A few days later, the children were wandering around the Hornburg when they heard someone singing. It was odd and out of place at a time like this, but they followed the voice and found that it belonged to someone they never expected to meet. It was an elf. He was sitting on the steps that led up to a breezeway, looking up to the sky and singing. Hathmund looked at him curiously, but this unusual being mesmerized Terrwyn. She never met an elf, though she had heard tales of them. There was something very striking about him. His skin was so fair that he seemed to glow. He had long chestnut hair, straight and braided back at the sides so that his pointed ears were very visible. Terrwyn gasped. He was the most beautiful creature she had ever seen and she found she could not look away. Hathmund tugged on her arm. "It's not polite to stare sissy," he whispered. "I'm not staring," Terrwyn protested. "I'm only looking." Suddenly the elf turned his head towards the children and smiled. "Aren't staring and looking considered the same thing?" he said in a smooth voice that could only come from an elf. Hathmund looked on with embarrassment, but Terrwyn's mouth hung agape. "Careful or you'll catch a fly in your throat," the elf said rather cheerfully. The children looked at each other and Terrwyn closed her mouth tight, even covering it with her hand. The elf laughed at the children's reaction for he could tell they had never seen one of his kind before. Then he patted the stone step on each side of where he sat. "Come sit with me and I'll tell you a story." Terrwyn and Hathmund took a seat next to the elf and listened as he told them about his adventures. He had fought with goblins and spiders near his home in Mirkwood, Orcs and Uruk hai in the recent war, even a troll. Hathmund listened but his mind still wandered to his father and how he would never tell them stories again. The elf sensed this from the boy, but instead of questioning him, he focused his attention on the girl. She was very attentive and believed his stories, even the parts he made up. He exaggerated his story to include a battle with