Hey guys! Here's my entry for 'Age of Edward contest 2015' This little thing actually started for Age of Edward 2013, but I couldn't really work on it at that time due to a lot of personal reasons. As the story wouldn't just leave me alone I was able to work on it this time around. I would really like to thank Tracy- EnchantedbyTwilight , who agreed to beta for me not once but twice. Tracy, you are a sweetheart for being so encouraging and helpful. You are an amazing person :* Story Summary: Prince Edward had only one thing in life he wanted, which always seemed impossible, until now. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Servant-Princess The kingdom of Forkshire was in mourning. Their King, Carlisle Cullen II, had passed away in his sleep. Ill-health was being speculated. The Royal funeral was to take place in the Castle's burial grounds on the morrow at sunrise. People from all over the kingdom had already started gathering in the Great Hall of the castle, which was filled with courtiers. The place was quiet except for the sounds of sniffing and muffled crying. The procession was due to start in a few hours. Queen Esmeralda held herself high and strong in front of her people. No one at the court could tell that their Queen was heartbroken and had spent the whole night on her beloved husband's death bed, crying for the loss of her heart. Her son, Prince of Forkshire and soon to be King, stood beside her with his arm around her shoulders in silent support with a face as calm as the ocean after the storm. The turmoil and grief inside him was only visible in his emerald eyes that shined with unshed tears. His sister, Princess Alice, was another story. She was inconsolable and sobbing in her best friend's arms. Prince Edward turned towards his sister–her face pinched in pain from losing their father–and could not stop the tear that rolled down his cheek just in time for his sister's best friend to catch the pain and grief that held in his eyes. Their eyes met just for a second, a second so long it felt as though it was an eternity, a second that held longing, desire, pain and love intervened in just that one sight. At last, it was time. The procession was magnificent. Every important person, minister, common man and servant was present for the final ceremony. All had prayers and messages for the kind king who had been brave, trustworthy and impartial to the people of his kingdom. One among every five people present had a story to offer or a thought to share about their generous King who had helped them in time of need and had given them justice for the crimes committed against them. Everyone held King Carlisle in great regard. Prince Edward stood next to the casket with his head bowed in silent prayer for his father and strength for the future. His thoughts ranged from the sweet memories from his childhood when a handful of times his father would hold him and tell him stories in the night to the tough and hardened father that he became after Edward had grown to the harsh hours that Edward would spend with his father training in the art of sword fighting. He thought back to the night his father took his last breath. Holding Edward's hand tightly in his, his father said, "It's your responsibility now, my son. You have to take care of my people. Your duties and responsibilities to this kingdom must always come first. Your mother, your sister, they need you too. Never forget your family while performing your duties, son. Learn from my mistakes. Always remember, Edward, listen to your heart, for the heart is never wrong. The mind may lie but the heart–" resting his shaking hand on his son's heart, "never lies." " I will always remember, Father. I promise," Edward said with a heavy heart. Edward loved and respected his father. He knew what a great ruler he had been. King Carlisle had always put his duties towards his kingdom above everything, even his family at times –many a times, in fact. Edward knew it was going to be extremely difficult for him to compete with the examples his father had set. There were things that Edward did not find agreeable, a few rules and traditions he detested, which were always a cause for debate between him and his father. But now was his chance to change them, make it right. He knew it was not going to be easy, but he going to find a way. Because there was one thing that he had always wanted–really wanted, and it was proving to be impossible. But now…It might be. The final prayer was said, and King Carlisle was lowered into the ground. More tears were shed and the final ceremony was complete. The procession returned back to the castle on the Queen's demand. The only people left behind were the late King's wife and his children. A few close relatives and guards held ground a few yards away to give the grieving family some privacy. Alice, who had been still clutching her best friend's shoulders, ran into her mother's outstretched arms, sobbing uncontrollably. "Now, now, my child, calm down. Your father is in the safe Heaven now. You should not grieve this hard. Your father would not approve. He would distress upon seeing his precious daughter in such pain." The Queen quietly consoled her daughter, holding her close and patting her head gently. Edward circled his arms around both of them, trying to comfort them at the same time. Isabella's heart was breaking for the grief-stricken family. Her dear friend and Princess, Alice, had been inconsolable. And seeing her only friend's agony was crushing Bella's heart. When Alice had come running to Bella in the night with the dreadful news, Bella did everything she could comfort her. The Queen turned towards the kind friend and ordered in a not-so-friendly voice, "Isabella, take the Princess to her chambers and give her some supper and make sure she is well rested for tomorrow. I do not want her in any state of distress when her fiancé arrives." Bella curtsied. "As you wish, Your Majesty". "Off you go then," the queen rudely commanded. Taking Alice in her arms, Isabella bowed her head again and turned towards the castle but not before casting one last look at the Prince and turning swiftly, suppressing her hurt after seeing the pinched look on the his face. Edward watched the scene before him with suppressed anger and sorrow. "Edward, I would like to discuss the Coronation and your responsibilities as soon as possible. We cannot have the kingdom in stumbles due to the loss of its King. You need to realize your duties towards your country. I have arranged to have your presence in my chambers on the morrow for breakfast. Do not be late." "Yes, Mother." Edward answered curtly and starting moving towards the castle without escorting his mother. If he had stayed behind, he would not have been able to stop himself from verbalizing his anger. He did not want to cause any scene; after all, they had just buried his father. He could not believe his mother had continued to behave in the same rude way she had before his father's death. He had hoped that she would understand, at least now, what it felt like to lose the person you loved the most. "I apologize for Mother's rude behavior, Dear Isabella. Losing Father has made her upset," Alice said to Bella as she escorted her to her chambers. "There is no need for an apology, Alice. Your mother did not do anything wrong. She is the Queen, and I am just a servant. I am obliged to do as she says." "But she also knows you are my friend! She was never this rude when we were younger-indifferent may be, but not rude. I do not understand," Alice said, shaking her head in confusion. Isabella understood very well. Inhabitants of the castle and its grounds had been quite thorough in reminding her of her station since the year she turned twelve, the year her mother died, the year her best friend left her behind. With no one to protect her, the kitchen staff and handmaids, who had always been jealous of Bella's friendship with the Prince and his sister, did not waste their time in reminding Isabella that she was just a farmer's daughter. " You are a servant, Isabella. Just because the princess thinks you are her friend doesn't mean you can get away from your work!" " You have been allowed in this study only because the Princess demands. If not, I would have thrown you out sooner." " Start plucking those weeds. Who do you think is going to take care of the gardens? Now that your mother is gone, it's going to be your job. Is that understood?" " Papa, head maid Miss Jane says I am a servant. But Mama always said I was her princess. Am I a servant Papa? Was Mama lying? Why would Mama lie, Papa? Even my Edward says I am his Princess, just like Alice." But Bella had soon realized how wrong she was. Bella and Alice had grown up together with Edward on the castle grounds. They had been best friends since the day Bella had accidentally wandered into the Princess's chamber when they were barely five. Both girls had been found by the maids, hidden amongst the huge curtain drapes playing hide and seek. From that day onwards, Bella and Alice had been inseparable, and Edward had always joined in on the fun. The trio would be found playing games in the castle gardens where Bella's mother, Renee, tended to the flowers. Due to this reason, Renee had subsequently started taking care of the children. She had not minded this development in the slightest. She had always loved children and wanted more. Unfortunately, she had had trouble conceiving, but she still had her Isabella. Feeding the children lunches, watching them play and telling them stories of faraway lands had brought her great joy and immense happiness. She had also been pleased that Isabella had finally found friends around her age. Renee had constantly worried that her baby was too lonely and without any playmates. The Queen had found this development rather unsatisfactory and hence, had separated her children from Isabella, but eventually had to give in after the King reasoned with her when Alice had thrown a fit and Edward had stopped eating food altogether from being apart from their friend. " Esme, my love, I do not think there is any harm for the children in playing with the farmer's daughter." " But, Carlisle, she's a servant! I do not want my children to become unruly." " As a matter of fact, my dear, I think the exact opposite has happened since the children started playing with the girl and her mother. They have been more cheerful and lively as of late. The farmer and his wife are good people. Do not distress yourself over this. I think Renee has been doing the nursemaid's job better than the nursemaid herself." And thus had begun a beautiful friendship between the three innocent, young children, completely oblivious of their status or place and with little knowledge that time would force them to become cognizant of the harsh world around them. Isabella was heating the remaining onion soup from yesterday's supper on the fireplace for her and her father in their little cottage situated on the far west corner of the castle grounds close to the forest. She had tended to the Princess, given her a bath and had made sure the Princess had eaten