Contest entry for the 'A Journey into the Dark & Twisted' Contest Title : Shadows Of The Night Author Name: Sanutaz Prompts used: Group H- PIC #2, Group D- pic #7 and Group B- pic #4 Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Beta : Rags stone and Sara Robey Word Count: 13, 348 Summary: "No, Edward, you don't understand. They made 'The Blood Vow'." I looked at her in confusion "What's 'The Blood Vow'?" Having lost everything, Edward Cullen moves into his ancestor's house, which has now been passed on to him after his grandmother's death, to start a new life. According to the townsfolk, the house is haunted. Could they be right? Is everything as it seems?" Disclaimer: The following is a work of fanfiction using characters from the Twilight world, which is trademarked by Stephenie Meyer. I do not claim ownership of said characters. No copyright infringement is intended. Shadows Of The Night The town car kept moving at a slow to average pace as it drove along the hillside. Heavy clouds hung in the air, making the air thick to breathe. The car made it to a dirt road near the lake just in time for the moon to set behind the trees of the enormous forest that covered the entire area on either side of the road. We kept moving until we reached the old rickety bridge. "I'm sorry, sir, but we cannot cross this bridge in the car, and frankly, I didn't want to come this close to the town." the cab driver said. He had been very reluctant to give me the lift, and not just him but it seemed that the entire town was reluctant to come to this side of Forks. I had to agree to pay him extra to even consider giving me a lift. It was hilarious, really; the entire town was convinced the western part of the town and forest was haunted. Well, haunted or not I had to get there, by vehicle or by foot, either way, it didn't matter at this point. "I understand." I said. After paying him for the ride, I got out with my luggage– just one bag, a suitcase, and my guitar. "Thanks for the lift." "It's alright, sir, but please be careful, " he said, giving me a sympathetic look before heading back the way we had come, shaking his head anxiously and jumping at the sound of small twigs breaking under the tires. I stood there looking at the car's tail lights until they vanished from sight. I sighed and turned towards the bridge. It looked like a scene directly taken from a horror movie; dark, eerie, and unnaturally silent. I started climbing the bridge, the sound of my footsteps being the only noise that could be heard. Even the slight wind blowing was unnaturally quiet, and it seemed as though the forest was watching me intrude its space with uncanny interest. A chill went down my spine. I shook the thought away and kept on moving. I had only just crossed the bridge when I saw from my periphery something move in the water. I turned towards the spot expecting ripples but found nothing but still-dark water. Blowing out a breath I muttered, "spooky…" to fill the quiet with some sound. Shaking my head, I started again. The path seemed endless but according to the papers the house was at the end of this road. Some road, I thought. It was more of a dirt path than a road that seemed to be going on and on. At least it was wide enough to be called a road. The forest made walls on either sides of it, creating a canopy of dark leaves and branches obscuring the sky. Every step I took towards the house made me want to take three steps back. I didn't want to come here. It had always been the last option, a convenience of sorts if things went wrong–at least that was what my grandmother had told me. She'd said it was a security blanket if I couldn't make it in the music world. But somehow my grandma had forgotten to mention the fact that the mansion she had given me was a lost cause because no one wanted to buy it-hell, even the damn real-estate agents recoiled at the thought of having to sell the old estate considering the whole town declared it haunted. Well, except for the housekeeper. That was the only positive thing I had found in this situation. Living here had always been out of the question for me, but now it seemed to be the only option because I was broke. I had lost all the albums that were going to be signed, or rather never going to be signed. It was just an illusion they had created to placate me. All my songs were now his ! I still couldn't believe how I had been cheated on. My so-called best friend had sold me out to the big sharks in L.A. and gained all the name and recognition that should have been mine! That fucker took everything from me, and I was too stupid and too trusting to think he would back-stab me. Just like my father had said. Just thinking about my father, made me grind my teeth. " You are being too stupid and immature to throw away this opportunity, Edward! Grow up and take the scholarship provided by the med school. You don't want to throw it all away to become some pop star. " " A musician dad... A musician! Music has always been love, my passion! You know that! " " So play your music! No one is asking you not to, but it's not a career path you take if you want a secured life! That is all I want for you– to have a proper and dignified life" " That's what you want, dad, not me! I want to create music, not cut open people!" " You'll get screwed over, Edward, trust me! And then you will come back to me with nothing but disappointment." " Screw you, dad!" Yeah, nothing would have made my dad more smug than me going back to him to beg for his forgiveness and asking him for help. No, I was not going to do any of that. My mom had been the most supportive in all this mess. She'd always been there for me no matter what. She had been the one to suggest I needed a break, to find a new perspective, maybe find a new muse. But she had also been persistent in wanting me to come home and mend fences with my father. No such thing was happening anytime soon. So now, here I was, going to start a new life, a new beginning at a dead end… Yeah, the irony was not lost on me. The more I kept moving forward, the more the road started to clear from the dirt, leaves, and fallen branches. It must have been the housekeeper. According to my grandmother, the mansion had been in the family for ages and had always been looked after the by the Swan family that had lived in the grounds of the house. As the property kept being passed down the generations, so did the housekeeping responsibilities of the Swan hold. I found this very hard to swallow. It seemed very odd. Grandma had said I didn't have to pay for the old maid who was taking care of the house now. She had said the Swans took care of the house because they thought they were obligated and grateful to the Masens for providing them a place to live on the grounds. It had been followed through generations. Well, I was not going to let someone work for me and not get paid for the job. It was my home now and my rules would be followed. At least I didn't have to worry about finding the house dirty and without any furniture and food. Food , thank God, I would not go hungry here as the housekeeper had informed me that it would be cooked and provided in a timely manner. I had been surprised when I had received the details by e-mail. Mom had probably let her know I was coming to live there. I also needed to find a job in this glum town if I was going to pay for the housekeeping. Suddenly the road opened up into a huge clearing of dead grass and dried leaves. The trees looked barren and dead and so did the house in sight a few yards away. No wonder the people thought this place was haunted, I thought, shaking my head. It was three storeys tall not including the basement and attic. It looked like it could fall down any time now. But I knew the build was pretty sturdy. A few of the glasses in the huge window panes seemed to be broken– more work for me– I sighed internally. It looked sort of creepy with the moonlight shining on it, making it glow like silver. The living room light seemed to be on; I could see a reflection of someone standing near the window. That must be the housekeeper. There were about two dozen wooden stairs leading towards the front door. They started to creak as soon as I put my foot on them. As soon as I reached the top stair the huge door swung open, and there stood a beautiful petite woman with mahogany hair flowing down her shoulders, which were covered in a black silk wrap dress that reached just above her knees. She was wearing high heels, also in black, which made her shapely legs look miles long. When I could finally pull my eyes away from her sexy body and towards her- just as beautiful face I was met with big brown mesmerizing eyes that looked like they were holding a lot of secrets. She had put on some Smoky-eyed makeup making her eyes pop-up and look bigger. She had some kind of black rings in her ears and when my eyes reached her lips, expecting them to be black as well–which seemed to be a theme for her–I was surprised to find they were blood red. I watched those bows turn into a smirk, and then they moved. "You must be Edward Cullen. I am Isabella Swan. Pleasure to meet you." She stuck her hand out towards me. I looked at her, stunned, for a few seconds. "You... You are the housekeeper?" "Why, yes, Mr. Cullen, I am." "Edward." I Put my hand into hers and shook it. Wow, and here I was expecting some old, fifty-something grandma type person. What was she doing here? She was beautiful, young, with an obsession with the color black it seemed. Couldn't she find a decent job that pays? Or do these Swans take the caretaking job that seriously? "Well, Edward," she said with a smile. "Come on in. I have been waiting for you all evening." She motioned me towards the living room. "I hope you didn't have any problem getting here." "No. It was fine. Well, except for the travelling agency canceling on me at the last moment and not finding a decent cab wanting to give me a lift towards this part of town." "Oh, yes... I am really sorry about that, Mr. Cullen; I should have come to get you myself. I should have thought about the rumors. I am really sorry; I hope you didn't find any trouble getting here–" She would have kept on blabbering if I had not stopped her, her cheeks turning scarlet, it was kind of endearing. "Isabella...Bella, stop. It's absolutely fine. I reached here just fine. I persuaded a cabbie to give me a lift here by giving him some extra cash. You don't have to berate yourself; it's not your fault so