The Shadows of Fangorn Forest By: Bella and Sierra Introduction Long ago, during the Ages of Darkness in the lands of Middle Earth, the ancient evil known as Gothmog, the Chief Balrog created my Race. We are known only as Shadows and are shunned by all Races of Light. When the Awakening of Stars awakened the Elves our people turned to conflict, and the evil the Balrog had created us with began to fester within us and spread like a dying and dispersing disease. It consumed our people and soon there was no good left in our Race. After Gothmog perished at the Battle of Gondolin by the hand of Ecthelion, the High Elvenlord, our people's evil broke free, wiping out any Elf they came upon. Melkor was banished from Middle Earth and we serve the Evil that has yet to come forth and show itself. But when it does, our people claim that we will rule the world along with the Orcs and our Master, but not us. Chapter 1 My parents gave me the name of Duragar and to my sister, the name of Azaari. We are of the only twin Shadows at the age of 2864 years old, Shadow years that is. We dwell in another town conquered by anger and hatred along with the other Shadows. We live in a town that is seldom heard of called Ryia, and we are the nearest town to the Black Gate in the land of Mordor. When Gothmog created our Race, he mutated the Balrogs and the Elves, creating a hybrid of the two. A blessing it is that our appearance came out looking more like Elves than Balrogs. Only my sister and me were secretly raised to become and assist the Good and not the Evil. The rest of my village, however, is just like all the other Shadows, mean, disgraceful and deceitful. I remember our journey very specifically: It was the day the Orc legions marched out of Mordor. They left Mordor on November 22nd, passing through our village on their way out of the Black Gates. Neither the Orcs nor my people looked particularly happy to see the other Race. But under the direction of Azog, chieftain of the Orcs of Moria, the Orcs dared not step out of line. Azaari and I were trained secretly under our parents' direction that had once been warriors themselves. Learning how to use weapons and battle strategy, we prepared serving secretly as spies under Bolg's command, spies for the Elvenking of Mirkwood, Thrandruil. We took our swords the Elves gave as gifts to our parents and disguised as Orcs, capturing two and killing them, taking their armor. We snuck into the ranks and fell into line. Not to mention our being terrified, we had flashbacks of our childhood: When we were being raised, not any fragment of a mirror could be seen in our dwelling. Our spoons were of wood and many of our kitchenware had no shine strong enough to admit a reflection. Our windows were holes in the walls covered with holey, black curtains. We never dared look in a mirror; forth our parents thought it as an act of selfishness. Being raised as Shadows who were kind, we would have been hunted down and easily been killed for our betrayal to evil by our own Race, so we kept in our dwelling and out of the way. And if we had escaped to the real outside world that dwelt in color and light, the others among the other Free Peoples would have killed us anyway, thinking and fearing we were evil and had come to claim their lives. So either way, between darkness and light, our lives were at risk. We came out of the Black Gate, where no Shadow had ever dare cross or take leave. I had hoped that I would see the colors of the world almost immediately, but was overcome with a feeling of disappointment and discouragement when I was faced with a light gray of gravel, the darkness of the clouds overhead, and the forever menacing shadow and dominance of the mountains of Mordor. Nothing grows in Mordor, so the land, sky and basically everything except for skin of the creatures was a deathly black. The further away the company got from the land where Azaari and I had been raised, the prettier and more colorful the sky and landscape got. After many long days and nights, not to mention much more longing than Azaari could count, we reached the Fangorn Forest, the Dark Forest. During that night, while the orc legion made camp and slept, Azaari and I fled the place, running far into the forest swiftly and quietly with a light foot after ditching the orc armor. We came upon a place where part of the river emptied into a small stone pool. It was beautiful and the light caught it and reflected the greenery. The night was quiet, even in such a forest and we were both very weary and thirsty, for the many days and nights of traveling had beaten us down and we drank our fill. When all was well, and we prepared to rest, we heard someone, or something approaching. "What business do two Shadows have in the great Fangorn Forest? I have never seen Shadows this far northwest of the Black Gates. In fact, I have never seen Shadows past the Black Gates at all!" The voice was deep and masculine and sent a shudder through our bodies. We heard movement amongst the trees and then a sudden silence followed. Azaari and I dared not move nor make a sound, yet our heartbeats sounded as if our hearts would burst out of our chests. We quickly melted into the shadow of the nearest tree and I felt myself begin to shape-shift. The feeling was almost unexplainable. I felt a weightlessness strike me, as if I were floating off the ground and into the air. The world around me seemed to gradually shrink and get smaller. I felt myself twisting and turning in the air. Suddenly for a splint second darkness took me and I awoke with a jolt, as if wakening from a nightmare. I felt the change immediately, for I was no more a Shadow Elf. I had shape shifted into a hummingbird, the smallest, quickest, and most graceful of all creatures. I was a beautiful green-breasted hummingbird with a long white tail. Flapping my wings I found Azaari, in the form of a great black Wolf with beautiful brow eyes like melting chocolate, the broadest and most protective and guiding of all creatures. I perched myself just atop her right shoulder and we both listened, trying to figure out where the voice came from and who it belonged to. Some time had passed and I began to feel my eyes grow heavy with sleep. I began to nod off when the deep, but very clear voice spoke again. "You need not be afraid, my dear Shadows. I merely want to know what your business is and why you are deep in the forest. Are you lost? Do you need guidance? I would be glad to help your needs, for I have seen that your hearts are pure and true." Its voice rustled among the leaves and echoed off the many trunks of the forest trees. The voice seemed that it came from above them, below them, behind them, in front of them, perhaps all around them. Its voice filled the air in the ever-deepening twilight. "We need not your guidance," replied Azaari, surprised she found herself speaking before me, "but we shall like to know who you are and why you have taken interest in our private business," she said coldly. "I meant no offense my lady," replied the voice, "but I'll have you know it's very queer having really any folk at all venture through this forest, for they are afraid. Nonetheless having Shadows leave their dark and desolate homeland, maybe the world is getting stranger then I had previously imagined. "It is my business to know what happens in the forest. I am a protector of the forest. I am a shepherd of the forest. I am an Ent!" The last sentence the Ent said with a great roar and the very ground and trees shook in the wind. Azaari and I shifted back into Shadow form and looked about, expecting to see a person or great being of some sort, but only saw the entanglement of the trees and the night grow even deeper in darkness. We did not mind, for Shadows can see very well in the dark. "Where are you? I can hear you, and feel your presence, but I am unable to see you," I said, "Will you not come forth and show yourself? You needn't fear my friend. Come, show yourself!" The Ent did not reply. All was silent in the forest for a time, and Azaari and I waited, and began to feel impatient. After some time, we heard a sudden rumble. After we heard a series of rumbles, moans, and groans. There were many loud crackling sounds and the sounds of branches breaking and many stones falling. I could definitely hear it, but neither Azaari nor myself could see any movement amongst the trees. Azaari suddenly let out a cry of fear and dismay and pointed towards something in the distance. Giant, it was. The tree was coming to life. Its arms made of twisted branches and its legs were massive trunks. It began to slowly walk, and make its way towards us. We stood still in awe as the Ent stopped just a few yards in front of us, and knelt down, revealing two bright, yellow eyes. "My name is Treebeard," the Ent said, "and a pleasure it would be to make your acquaintance." He said the last sentence with a bow. "My name is Duragar," I said. "And they call me Azaari," my sister replied. We both bowed, hoping not to anger the tree. I bit my lip as the Ent and I stared into each other's eyes. I finally broke the stare and said, "Master Ent, would you mind if I asked where we are exactly? We also need shelter, food and normal clothes. Can you help us?" The Ent let out a ho-hum (which I'm guessing is a laugh) and picked us up. 'Strong grip for a tree,' I thought, 'but then again, until a few days ago, we had never even seen a tree. Maybe all trees are like this.' Treebeard picked Azaari up after me and placed us on his shoulders. "I will take you to my house. There you will be safe," Treebeard said as he began to walk away. I will have to say there was much about this world that Azaari and I still had to learn. Treebeard was the first living thing we had ever seen outside Shadows, Orcs, Goblins and flies. I again must admit that I liked this world much better than the Shadow's world. When I changed into a hummingbird and Azaari into a Wolf we had no idea of what they were. But anyway, Treebeard wanted to help us with our problem. He understood that we wanted to be good, we wanted to live in light, but because of who our kin was we were would be shunned. So, when Treebeard brought us to his cave, he picked up a few small books Saruman had given him and handed them to us. Old, worn and bound in brown leather the books were, but the fact we had never seen a book before, Azaari and I were very excited. Through the days we had not counted and not bothered to count, Azaari and I learned to read not only English, but also Elvish, Dwarvish and Black Speech (our parents sent us with this book). Treebeard visited his wizard friend and