The long awaited sequel to Hermione's True Love! Chapter One - Move Voldemort awoke in St. Mungo's to find Hermione still fast asleep, her head resting on his chest, her bushy hair brushing his face. She was eight months along now, having spent the past three months of it in a coma. 4 am. The healers will be in soon to check on her, no doubt. He apparated them to his bed in Riddle Manor and she awoke with a start. "Where are we? Where did you take me?" she asked, looking around wildly at the faded canopy, the moth-eaten curtains on the window, the dying embers in the dusty fireplace. "My home," Voldemort said. "I thought you might be tired of the hospital… you've been there for months now." "Months!?" she screeched. "What happened? Last thing I remember was the battle… you and Harry were dueling again after shooting each other. I blacked out after that…. Is he still alive? You didn't kill him did you?" she said, her eyes narrowed. "Yes, he's still alive," he said patiently. "The war's over. I decided to end the war, call it draw. We decided to leave each other alone, as you asked." She exhaled with relief. "Thank you," she said heavily. He grunted. "Why was I in the hospital for that long…?" she asked. He sighed. "Harry's Sectumsempra curse and my Killing curse ricocheted off each other…" He looked away. "His curse sped off into the woods, mine hit you. I didn't mean for it to happen…." She swallowed. Her face paled and she looked down at her belly. "Is the baby…?" "Baby's fine," he said. "But how…?" she asked, rubbing her belly. To her relief, she felt baby push back on her hand, as if to say, "I'm here!" "Sirius and Tonks carried you to St. Mungo's. The way they tell it, baby was fighting off the curse, and eventually they saw the curse exit your abdomen, shoot up toward the sky… he said the healers didn't believe them until they saw how severely magically drained the baby was. Worst case they've ever seen. They were giving you a potion to restore baby's magic for awhile. You were still in a coma, however. Your friends were talking about…letting you die after gestation ended if you didn't wake up." "Wow," she said, lying back in bed. "A 5-month-old fetus fought off the Killing curse… I'm scared what he'll be like as an adult. Hope he doesn't turn out like…" she trailed off. "Like me?" Voldemort said with a smirk. "And it's a girl. A baby girl." His arms wrapped possessively around her, she fell back asleep. She awoke a couple hours later to find baby squishing her bladder. She lifted Voldemort's arm and stumbled out the door, using the wall for support. A few months and I think my muscles have atrophied already…. She found the loo, but noticed the mirror was missing… just some screw-holes and a blank space on the wall above the sink marking where it was. Curious. Using the wall for support, she stumbled into the hallway. Just empty bedrooms. She grabbed the banister by the stairs. Clutching the banister, she crept sideways down the stairs, one foot at a time. She waved aside a cobweb and reached the landing. There was another bathroom in the foyer, but the mirror had a spiderweb of cracks, as if someone had threw something at it or punched it. Curious. I wonder what he has against mirrors. She crept along the wall and found the outdated kitchen; it was like going back in time to the 1930's. The fridge is probably empty… what does he eat? Where does he eat? He must not spend a lot of time here… everything is covered in dust or cobwebs or faded. Where does he normally stay? She found the dining room, living room, and another blank space on the wall, just a shard of mirror remaining. I should really ask him when he wakes up… "Going on a tour of the house?" he said behind her and she jumped. I didn't even hear him! She almost fell, but he caught her and steadied her. "What happened to all the mirrors?" she asked. "I broke most of them, removed the rest," he said. "I see that, but why...?" she asked. He looked off in the distance. "I used to be handsome, good-looking…I delved into the Dark Arts seeking immortality, made some of my own inventions to prolong life, and eventually my hair fell out in clumps, my eyes reddened, my skin paled…. I thought it was temporary, and just avoided mirrors. Right around when I realized it was permanent, the tip of my nose melted off when I got too close to one of the nastier potions I brewed…. Never did like my reflection after all that." "Oh." she said, not knowing what else to say. Her stomach growled. "Hungry?" he said, quirking an eyebrow. "I don't have much here but there's a muggle diner down the street…." He waved his hand and transfigured the black robe he was wearing into jeans, boots, and a slim-fitting dark turtleneck. She stared, eyeing his shoulders, his slim waist, his manly physique in the jeans. He would be handsome, except for the snake-like face. "That's a good look for you," she said finally. He smirked and summoned a hospital bag of her things. "Here's your hospital bag - your shoes, clothing, wand, and whatever else you had on you at the battle. You should change your clothing too to blend in. It's almost May but still a bit cool in the mornings…" "Lord Voldemort going to a muggle diner?" she said, puzzled. I thought he despised muggles? "He's a wanted wizard internationally….last time he went to a wizarding restaurant he had to fight off a hoard of Aurors just to leave." She giggled. "Never did get my tortellini either," he said. "I'm welcome in the shadier parts of Knockturn Alley and that's about it. Usually I cook something myself. The muggles stare at me like a freak but at least they won't turn me in. By the way, if anyone asks, I'm an albino who was in a bad accident." She waved her wand and transfigured her hospital gown into jeans, trainers, and a blue scoopneck long sleeve shirt. Once they stepped outside, she froze. She held a hand over her mouth. Off to the left was the graveyard. The same graveyard from Harry's pensieve. Am I making a mistake being with him? He's not paralyzed anymore, he can use his magic now… should I go back to the Order? Should I give him a chance…? What am I doing, this is Voldemort! He's changed, though, hasn't he…? Or is he just acting…? Manipulating me, like Ginny? "You recognize the graveyard," he stated. It wasn't a question. "My father's grave, the place of my rebirth. I was barely alive after my Killing curse rebounded on me. Just held in place on Earth by my horcruxes… everything was pulling me to the netherworld, I had to fight constantly just to survive. Felt like constant suffocating, starving for air, for food or water, but being unable to even move a speck of dust. I couldn't even possess my old body again – a soul can't inhabit the dead. I possessed other animals, just to have a body to cling to and my basic needs met. Never did live long after I possessed them though. I preferred snakes just so I could have something to talk to." He paused. Hermione was listening intently. They walked into the graveyard. "I wanted a human form to possess, to rejoin society, use a wand to heal myself, talk to people... I found Quirrell while I was in hiding in Albania. It was a relief at first, but eventually I wanted my own body, being able to control my own limbs, not being forced on the back of a head, which was inconvenient at best… even sleeping or bathing was problematic. I thought the stone would help, but failed to attain it. When Quirrell died, I was forced to possess animals again, until Wormtail found me. Through the Rudimentary Body potion I developed containing unicorn blood and Nagini's venom, I finally had a body that could hold a wand and perform magic. But the body of a helpless infant." I remember Harry's memory in the Penseive of that night in the graveyard… he looked like a crouched human child, but hairless and scaly, a raw, reddish black, with feeble thin arms and legs, a flat snake-like face with red eyes… "A weak body that needed the potion every few hours just to survive… I had constant migraines from an adult mind trapped in an infant's brain. I was helpless, competely dependent on Wormtail. The height was wrong, the strength, the abilities… it felt just as foreign as possessing an animal or another person. Trapped in a body that didn't feel like my own. I wanted my old body and strength again." He paused and saw realization dawning on Hermione's face. "So I researched healing magic, the dark arts, old magic, ran some Arithmancy tests, and found the potion that ultimately restored me to myself. The potion that unfortunately needed a servant's flesh, the bone of my father, and my enemy's blood. I had hoped that it would restore me to my original Tom Riddle appearance, but no matter." He ran his hand along the edge of his father's gravestone. The grass never did grow back after that night... "But why kill Cedric? Why try to kill Harry then? They were boys, children!" Hermione said, raising her voice. "I didn't want any witnesses going back and reporting to Dumbledore, the Ministry, or anyone else and ruining my plans. I could accomplish much more in secrecy," he said. "You could have oblivated them! And Frank the old gardener… you could've oblivated him too!" she yelled. "How do you know about Frank?" Voldemort said, furrowing his brow. "Er, Harry saw it in a vision," she said. "Of course he did. And yes, I suppose I could have obliviated Frank or Cedric. I admit it didn't occur to me. Now, Harry was my enemy as mentioned in the prophecy… there was no question back then but to eliminate the threat. An obliviate would only borrow time. Sometimes killing is necessary, Hermione. Bellatrix was trying to kill you and the baby. If I didn't kill her then, she would only come back again. You'd be going throughout life constantly watching your back…." he said. "She could've gone to Azkaban," Hermione argued. "It'd be pointless – she already knows how to escape from there," he pointed out. "Shall we go?" Voldemort said, and put an arm around her shoulders to support her. He led her down the cracked sidewalk and into the town. "Interesting," he muttered, barely audible, watching a couple women pass by them without a second thought. "Sorry?" Hermione said, jerked out of her thoughts. "Usually people cross the street to avoid me or give me a wide berth," Voldemort said. "Well, you have a reputation…" Hermione said. He smirked. "Muggles, I meant. Used to stare at me like a freak and avoid me. Now that you're with me they treat me like anyone else, a few women even smiled," he said. "Before they felt unsafe or creeped out around you. Now you look like a father-to-be, in a relationship… it's assumed you must be a good person if I'm with you," Hermione explained. "Interesting." He turned down another street, and they approached an old local diner with peeling letters. "Well, look who showed up! I haven't seen ye in years!" the matronly waitress exclaimed. She looked to be in her 60s, and reminded Hermione of a cross between Molly and Madam Rosmerta. She led them to a table in the back and gave them their menus, napkins,