A/N: **MARJOR WARNINGS INCLUDED. PLEASE READ THIS AUTHOR'S NOTE BEFORE PROCEEDING TO THE STORY!** Hey, everyone! This author's note is going to be pretty lengthy and for very good reason. This o/s comes with a heap of content and trigger warnings. This little story is not a happy one. Let me repeat that: THIS STORY IS NOT A HAPPY ONE. There is no happy ending at all. None. This story includes all of the following: domestic violence and child abuse/violence (described in explicit detail), mention of rape/non-consensual sex ( NOT described in any capacity), self-harm (cutting), and suicide. There is major character death. If any of the above will bother or offend you in any shape, way, or form, then do not move forward. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200. This is a serious story that deals with many very serious and disturbing topics. I am not making light of any of said topics. This is NOT a romantic story. I want to thank Bethany-Kris (duskri123) for being willing to read this over, for her honesty, and for encouraging me to move forward with posting this. I've been sitting on this for months; she definitely had to talk me down off a ledge. Thank you, boo. I also want to thank my girl, Dixie (dcurley1), for her encouragement as well. Thank you, pretty lady. DISCLAIMER: No copyright infringement intended. Stephenie Meyer owns all characters from the Twilight Universe. SEE ABOVE AUTHOR'S NOTE FOR CONTENT AND TRIGGER WARNINGS. The End Justifies the Means Bella lay there, blinking slowly as she tried to get her wits gathered back. It wasn't the first time Edward had left her barely clinging to consciousness. If he had his way, it probably wouldn't be the last either. Oh, she had thought about leaving numerous times. She had even tried it a few times. The physical and emotional scars from those harrowing trials were better reminders—warnings—than the faulty memories that were growing more and more hazy in her too-frequently-concussed mind. Shortly after her first try at getting away, he had moved them across the country to a place where she had no friends or family—not that the friends and family she had back home had done her any good. He had made sure she alienated them them long before things got bad, before he became violent. Moving her nineteen hours away from all she knew was just another nail in the proverbial coffin. It was immediately after moving into the new house that he installed an in-home surveillance system that had cameras in every room, sometimes even more than one to ensure coverage of the entire area. It was to keep her and their new home with all their earthly possessions safe he'd said. Bella's second flight attempt landed her in the hospital with a broken collar bone that required surgery, a fractured ankle, and a rather severe concussion. Apparently riding a bicycle headlong into a car due to lack of attention will do that to you. At least that was the story given to doctors. She came home to a brand new, state-of-the-art, computerized security system that made entry into or out of the house completely keyless. All you needed to come and go as you pleased was a little key chain FOB or a smartphone that was linked to the security system. Even the windows were useless without either of those items. That she had access to neither a FOB nor smartphone was understood. Cleaning Edward's office and happening across a badly hidden FOB led to her most recent endeavor to flee. That third time she had tried to escape was the night she ended up pregnant with their son. The bastard knew her well enough to know she would not hold the negativity surrounding his forced conception against the innocent boy. And she hadn't. Never had she contemplated an abortion—not that she'd have been given an opportunity to attempt one. Nor had she hoped Edward's hand would cause a spontaneous miscarriage. Even with his vividly green eyes and more copper than brown hair, she had never looked at Jase with or felt anything other than love from day one. That's why she had to do everything within her power to get them away. Bella had known it was coming. If Edward was willing to beat her within an inch, a millimeter even, of her life, of course he would do the same to the child he hadn't wanted. A very naive part of her had hoped a baby would change him, awaken some deeply rooted, latent fathering tendencies. He made it quite clear, however, that he had never wanted kids; Jase was just another way to brand her. Another way to keep her under thumb and chained to his side. She had dealt with Edward's ever increasing violence for five years. She could have, would have continued to endure the beatings and half-forced sex if he had just kept his fucking hands off her son. Alas, she was stuck more than ever. Bella wouldn't just be some college dropout who could work herself to pieces in order to survive. She was mother to a small child who needed so much more than she could provide. And who was to say she would even get custody if she managed to do things legally? Edward had made a name for himself in this God-forsaken town. Everyone respected and admired him for keeping to traditional family ideals, being the sole breadwinner, working hard so his wife didn't have to do anything but be an envied domestic goddess and champion stay-at-home-mom. How could she possibly be unhappy given all he did and sacrificed for her? No, she knew how the legal proceedings would go. There was little choice but to try and escape again. The stakes were even higher now though. She would never even consider leaving Jase behind. He would just become Edward's next whipping boy, taking all the punishment while she made a getaway—if she could even manage it without getting caught. Bella side-eyed the camera in the upper corner of the room, not willing to look at it directly. Memories of her failed breakouts flitted through her mind as she lay on the bed where Edward left her after that morning's learned lesson. She had no choice but to bide her time and plot a final escape that could not fail. Her life and that of her son depended on it. ~oOo~ Another bouquet of red roses sat in the center of the dining room table, their cloying scent making her want to vomit. It was always the same after every argument that turned violent: the bouquet of roses (that turned her stomach), softly spoken words of apology (that he didn't mean), light kisses (that were freezing instead of melting), and eventually some barely there negligee that Edward would just rip off in a half fit of rage when she wasn't responsive enough to his liking. It was easier to simply lay there and be a voluntary orifice than say "No" to his advances. It's not like he would listen anyway; he would just take what he wanted regardless. Bella really was not looking forward to an evening of those kinds of activities. She was exhausted and still hurting from his earlier anger. That and Jase had been acting oddly; he was more clingy than usual. A relatively quiet and independent boy, Jase had learned early to get out of the way when Edward's anger escalated. It wasn't until Edward turned his anger on his son and began lashing out physically that Jase had become a shadow of himself. Even with as low-maintenance as he had been before, his reluctance to speak or play out in the open had grown exponentially. Instead, Bella found herself having to tiptoe to the little boy's bedroom to check on him, even when Edward was out of the house. It was when she saw him taking anger out on a stuffed teddy bear that she grew truly scared of what lay ahead if she did not get Jase and herself out of the confines of the house. It was nearing time for Edward to come home, and Bella knew she needed to get dinner started. Although he did not expect food on the table as soon as he walked in the door, he did expect it to be at least be started, preferably finished within a half hour of his arrival. It was a sign of respect in his eyes, and one that Bella tried hard to adhere to in an effort to create less problems for herself. Cooking was one thing she still enjoyed doing despite the downward spiral her life had been on for nearly a decade. As Bella put the finishing touches on the chicken dish that needed to bake in the oven for fifteen minutes, Edward walked through the door. As was expected by him, Bella promptly walked over to lay a brief kiss on his cheek and take his lunch pail from him for cleaning. Stepping back and keeping her head tilted toward the floor, she felt her husband's eyes rove over her person in obvious inspection. She wore a simple black skirt that was no longer than her fingertips; a short-sleeved, white eyelet top; and a pair of black ballet flats. Her hair was down, but with the sides pulled up and out of her face. Apparently finding nothing wrong, he asked about the meal she was preparing. "It's your favorite baked chicken dish. I'm just getting ready to start the mashed potatoes," she said in a quiet voice. "Good. I'm very hungry tonight," Edward replied succinctly. And with that said, he strode toward their bedroom so he could change into more comfortable clothes as he did every other night. Allowing herself a quiet sigh of relief, Bella turned to the fridge to grab the milk and butter she would need to make the potatoes. She quickly cut the amount butter she required from the stick before returning it to the fridge. Upon pouring the milk into a measuring cup, Bella began to panic. Her heart pounding hard enough to cause a roar in her ears, she stared, horrified, as she realized her mistake. There wasn't enough milk to make the mashed potatoes the way Edward liked them. They wouldn't be creamy enough. There was no way she could even fake it. He would know, just like he always knew when she tried some sort of shortcut in an attempt to cover a failure. Seeing that Edward had returned to the great room and that Jase was nowhere to be seen, she figured it was best to get the ensuing argument out of the way while it was just the two of them present. It was better to be forthright; the beating would not be as bad this way. Without even looking in his direction, Bella's quiet voice uttered, "Edward?" He walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist in a seemingly loving manner. Only she knew better. "Yes, love?" Her mouth suddenly dry, she swallowed as best she could to prepare for the words about to leave her mouth. "Darling, we've run out of milk." "It's no matter. I can run out later for more if you would like to have it for in the morning." He sounded so normal. Like it was no big deal. How quickly it would change. She swallowed thickly again, her throat threatening to stick closed. "But I've not finished making your dinner. The mashed potatoes won't have the amount of milk you require." The words had barely left her mouth before she realized her mistake. Wording the sentence the way she did—essentially blaming him for requiring that amount of milk—would only make things worse. The hands still wrapped around her waist tightening to the point of pain was all the sign she needed that he had caught her phraseology as well.