A/N: Okay! So, the changes are starting now. I didn't change too too much on this first chapter, but you should still read through it. I will be posting the ext chapter in two weeks. Sorry again for going back and changing stuff, I just felt like it was a bit off kilter. Please R&R guys! It was only a week after the war. Harry was back at Hogwarts, where he had come every day since, cleaning up the wreckage from the battle. He was blaming himself again. It always seemed as though he put the weight of every loss on his shoulders. Professor McGonagall had been asking for help from anyone willing to help restore the castle to it's former glory. The next semester wouldn't start for a couple months, but the damages were immense and not lacking in number. They had only achieved the feat of removing the rubble from the interior two days ago. Harry was walking through the gates when he heard someone calling his name. It wasn't unusual as of late, but he still wasn't used to being called out all the time. He had been on the run, cut off from everyone, for so long, that he sometimes forgot that people could see him. He had thought about wearing the cloak around, but it seemed pointless. Why should he hide away when he had more important things to worry over? He turned towards the noise and was surprised to see Ron, Hermione, and Ginny coming towards him. He hadn't seen them a lot since the second, they never came to help with the reconstruction. Ron and Ginny were grieving over Fred and trying to help George through it all, and Hermione was trying to find where in Australia to look for her parents. The two Weasleys looked drawn out, but they wore smiles on their freckled cheeks. Hermione had bags under her eyes, but seemed to have more energy than the other two. She ran up and hugged Harry, glad to see him. "Guys? What are you all doing here?" Harry directed his questions towards Hermione, who seemed the most fit for answering. "We came to help with the school, Harry. You know, the Chosen One isn't the only person who's allowed to help." Harry grimaced at the reference and nodded. "How have you guys been? I'm sorry I haven't been over more, I just. . ." Harry trailed off, not able to think of a proper excuse for avoiding the people who had done so much for him. He looked down at the ground, distracting himself with observing the pebbles. Ginny seemed to understand what he was saying, and was about to say something to Harry, but Ron cut off her chance. "Well, we should probably get to work then, yeah? I heard that there's a lot to do. Good thing, too. I've been going mad staying in the house all day. I doubt that that's what Fred would've wanted us to be doing." Hermione took Ron's hand as Harry and Ginny nodded, leading the way towards the old castle. She stopped in her tracks when she saw it, though. The three who hadn't been there for the past week gasped at how broken it looked. They all turned to Harry as if wanting an explanation. "I was astounded when I first saw it, too. I think that with the adrenaline from the fighting coursing through us, we didn't really stop to look around at all of the damage. We all kind of ran out of here as fast as we could after, you know? No one really could tell how bad it was until we came back to see." They all continued to stare at the destruction, until Ginny took a step forward. She turned to look at the Golden Trio, "Let's move on, shall we?" Harry smiled at Ginny's readiness to face what she knew would be hard and took a couple steps toward her, Ron and Hermione in their wake. Harry grabbed onto her hand, offering support, as they approached the building, and she smiled at the simple gesture. In the months that he had been gone, she missed the feeling of knowing that he was an arms length away, ready to catch her in case she fell. It was nice to have it back. If Professor McGonagall was surprised to see Ron, Hermione, and Ginny with Harry, she didn't show it. Instead, she led them to a section of the castle that could start repairing. When she strode away, Harry could've sworn that he saw a shadow of a smile on her lined face, but ignored it and got to work. Hermione was the kind of person who hated silence unless, of course, she was reading. As they worked on the reconstruction, using a set of spells that McGonagall gave them. So as they worked, Hermione told them about the building's history. Harry and Ron smirked at each other as she started rattling off facts from Hogwarts a History. Ginny had the decency to pretend that she cared without taking it too far, but Ron was mocking her. "Did the founders really build the castle, 'Mione? How did you know that?" Ron hid his smile behind an expression of interest and Hermione responded enthusiastically. "Well, Ronald, if you had actually read Hogwarts a History, you would've known that it said it in there," Hermione seemed proud of her witticism until she caught sight of Harry's silent snickers. "And what exactly, may I ask, is so funny, Harry?" Hermione turned to him, eyes narrowed so much that it was hard to believe that she could see out of them. Ginny smirked smugly at the boys being caught in the act and almost laughed as Harry immediately changed his expression. It went from laughter to fear to innocence. "I haven't the foggiest what you're on about, Hermione." "Oh I think you do, Potter," Hermione advanced on him, her wand raised. Harry let out a fake gasp, "Are you accusing me of lying, Granger?" He held up his left fist, "If you remember, I must not tell lies," he winked. Hermione let out a growl and decided to go after her boyfriend instead. "Ronald, why was Harry laughing?" Ron's amusement disappeared as soon as Hermione decided to get answers from him instead. "Umm, we should probably get back to work." Ron turned around and started to say one of the repair spells that Professor McGonagall had given them, but had buggered it up in his nervousness. Instead of the bricks in the wall reinforcing themselves, a hole formed that sucked the four teenagers into it. Harry heard Hermione and Ginny yell out in shock as they were pulled through the darkness. It was almost as if they were falling, but it seemed like something was yanking them through. Harry flung his arms around, trying to catch onto something or even someone, and they found Ginny. He pulled her into him and held tightly onto her as they continued to shoot through the darkness. The feel of her heartbeat, fast because of their closeness or because of the dark, he didn't know, calmed him slightly as the sensation continued. When it finally ended and they could see light again, they hit stone flooring, and landed in a heap. The first one up was Hermione. The other three heard her gasp as they struggled to get up. When they all managed to stand on their own two feet, they found themselves looking into the curious eyes of none other than Albus Dumbledore. Thoroughly shocked at the presence of their deceased Headmaster, Ron didn't even register asking, "Merlin's socks, are we dead?" Hermione shoved Ron and glared at him before speaking, "No you prat! We're in Hogwarts! How could we be dead?" "Well Dumbledore's here, I think it's a perfectly reasonable question! And for all you know, this could be what Heaven looks like! I was happy in this place, weren't you?" As the couple continued to bicker, Harry and Ginny continued to stare at Dumbledore. Neither one of them spoke until Ginny finally leaned slightly over and whispered without taking her eyes off the old man, "Doesn't he look younger?" At that, the Headmaster started to chuckle merrily, interrupting Ron and Hermione's argument and making Ginny and Harry only more confused. Finally the man spoke. "So, may I ask who all of you are, and why you think you're dead?" Harry realized that everyone was looking to him to answer and sighed, "Well for lack of a better way to say this, umm, because you are. . ." "Well, that certainly makes things a bit more exciting, wouldn't you say? How about we head along to my office and you can explain yourselves a bit better?" Dumbledore spun around on his heel, his magenta robes streaming behind him. The group followed him up the the staircases and into his office. He conjured up chairs for them to sit on and took his own seat behind his desk. The teenagers didn't say anything so he gestured for them to start explaining with his right hand, not at all blackened or dead. This time, Ginny took control of the situation and spoke for them, "I'll start with May 2nd?" she asked her companions and continued to speak after receiving a nod of the head from each of them, "So on May 2nd, 1998; I'm saying the year because I'm assuming that it's not the same as it is now; the battle of Hogwarts took place." Dumbledore listened to Ginny's speech, not interrupting once, except for nodding his head or humming in understanding. When Ginny reached the end of her explanation, Hermione turned to Ron and glared, "If you weren't so busy mocking me Ronald, we probably wouldn't be in this mess." "Oh come now, Hermione! It was all in good fun!" Ron groaned. The girl only pursed her lips and turned her attention back to the Headmaster, "Professor, if you wouldn't mind, what is the date?" "September 9th, 1977, Miss?" "Granger, sir." "Actually, if you all wouldn't mind telling me all of your names? And maybe your ages and Houses? Oh, and parents, too. I'm a bit curious on that last one, you see," Dumbledore had a sheepish grin playing at his lips as addressed them. "I'm Hermione Jean Granger, Gryffindor, and I am eighteen. My parents are Hugh and Anne Granger, muggles," Hermione looked to Ginny to go next. "Ginevra Molly Weasley, Gryffindor, sixteen, and my parents are Molly and Arthur Weasley." "Ronald Bilius Weasley, Gryffindor, eighteen, and my parents are the same as Ginny's." "Harry James Potter, Gryffindor, seventeen, and my parents are James Potter and Lily Evans." Upon hearing the names of Harry's parents, the natural twinkle in Dumbledore's eyes increased to where they were almost glowing. "Yeah, I know it sounds funny now, but everyone swears they were made for each other where we come from," Harry continued "So are all of you in your seventh year of education? Or are you in your sixth or finished?" "Well Harry, Ron and I skipped our seventh year to, uh, do something, er, important. And Ginny is meant to be starting hers." "So all of you are comfortable taking seventh year courses? Until we understand how you got here and how to get you back, it's better if we keep you at the school until we can find a way to return you to your time." "That's fine, I guess. But, um, what are you going to tell everyone, though?" Harry scratched at the hair on the back of his neck as he looked at Dumbledore. He felt uncomfortable with the idea that he would be in school with his parents. "On Monday morning I'll mention at breakfast that we will be hosting four foreign exchange students. We will just play off the story that you are all from France and have decided to