A/N: Phoenix Tears is collection of Harry Potter themed Drabbles and One-Shots, updated periodically. Pairings will vary along with genre and ratings. We own nothing. Thank you, JKR, for letting us play in your world! Title: The Betrothal Pairing: Lucius Malfoy x Narcissa Black Rating: T World: Hogwarts years Summary: Narcissa Black returns to Hogwarts for her sixth year, and finds herself betrothed to on Lucius Malfoy Dedication: This is a super fluffy OS dedicated to our dear friend thesyltherinrose for her birthday. Happy Birthday, love, and thanks for letting us play with your OTP! The Betrothal Before returning for her Sixth Year, Narcissa was informed by her father, Cygnus Black III, that she was to be married the summer after she finished her final year at Hogwarts. This was not news that came surprising in the slightest to her as she watched her two elder sisters go through the same process. Wanting to avoid the fate that her sister, Andromeda, received to her reaction of being betrothed, she nodded, face impassive, and said, "Yes, Father." Narcissa had never really minded the idea of her father arranging her marriage. It was, in fact, what all pureblood women were to do. She relished the day that she was done with school and could spend her time planning dinners and events. Organizing parties had always been something she had enjoyed doing, and the excitement of choosing a theme, creating the perfect decorations, designing a delicious menu, and shopping for a frock was intoxicating. She delighted in the feeling of being in charge of pulling off the perfect event and knowing people left satisfied in their evening because of her. This year, she had the opportunity to lead the Yule Ball planning committee, and was excited at the prospect. For the remaining weeks of the summer, she longed to get back to school, and had nearly forgotten that she would soon be in close quarters with her soon-to-be betrothed. Knowing she still had two years until the wedding was comforting, but she couldn't quite shake the ball of nerves that had settled in her stomach at the thought of actually seeing him, knowing what their future held. Arriving in London on the first of September, she crossed the barrier at platform nine and three-quarters and was surprised to see her intended betrothed right away. He stood only yards away from her, and his appearance grabbed her attention like a magnet to metal. His chin lifted nobly, shoulders resting back proudly, and his tall frame towered over the younger students with a shiny badge prominently on display atop his fine robes. It was his striking, blonde hair, which was pulled back in a black ribbon, that caused Narcissa's breath to catch momentarily in her throat. He turned as if she had called his name, and from the moment she met his eyes, she knew that she was going to get hopelessly lost in them. The molten silver gaze left her stomach in flutters of embarrassed excitement, and she turned her face from him, hiding the heat that flushed across her chest which had initiated from his glance. Narcissa swallowed her quick moment of coyness. The Black women did not shy away from anything, let alone a chance to take the lead in a game of having the upper hand. She pulled her wand from the pocket of her periwinkle robes and gracefully flicked her wrist while clearly saying, " Wingardium Leviosa ." She tilted her head up, long neck exposed as her own shining platinum hair tumbled gracefully down her back in a curtain of silk. Walking towards the nearest train compartment, her glossed lips curved up as she noticed his eyes widen just a fraction before sliding back into their usual cool disposition as he started towards her. She had known this boy for years, having been only a year below him in the same House, and often gravitating through similar pureblood social circles. He was smart and popular, and his gloating smirk of entitlement rang from him like Big Ben. He had always walked proudly through the corridors, his gang of friends following in his wake. At the Slytherin table during meals, he had been surrounded by laughter as he commandeered the flow of conversation, all eyes turning towards him in an attempt to mirror his reactions. Girls in all years would giggle and hide behind flushed faces when he was in their vicinity. He never acted as if the attention was even noticed, but she was aware of his gloating face after he passed by the gaggle of girls. His lean form radiated an unspoken power, and his crisp midnight black robes, Head Boy badge already pinned to his chest, were pressed and tailored to perfection. Her heart beat hard against her rib cage, and the flutters in her stomach betrayed her body again, but she held his steely gaze this time. When he approached her side, she grinned up to him and politely said, "Lucius, nice to see you. Did you have a good summer?" Lucius couldn't help but let his eyes widen. He tried so hard to reign in his reactions, but Narcissa looked so lovely. He realized she had noticed his stare by the smirk that suddenly graced her features, and as much as he hated to admit it, he was quite looking forward to this impending engagement. He had been watching Narcissa since last year. She was different than the other girls in school. While she stood in gossiping circles, she never seemed to partake. It was, of course, part of the image she was meant to uphold, but he knew she was different, and did not participate for her own reasons. When the talk started of who the next Malfoy heiress would be, Lucius began suggestions of joining the Black family with their own. Abraxas Malfoy, his father, had not seen any qualms in this arrangement, and it was easily put together. Now, standing next her, he could feel tiny bubbles rolling around in his stomach and forgot what he had planned to say to her. He had worked for weeks on his opening line, once he knew that she had been informed of their betrothal, but now he stood frozen as the scent of ginger and cinnamon mixed with a floral note he couldn't place filled his nose and overtook his senses. She spoke to him, and he realized that this was the first time she had ever said a word to him. How could that be? How could they have been in school for five straight years and never have even said a polite 'Hello' in passing? Lucius' nerve, and the upbringing that had been drilled into his core from birth, quickly came back, and he lowered his head in a polite gesture of greeting as he grabbed her hand, placing a chaste kiss upon its delicate knuckles. "Hello, Narcissa. It is lovely to see you." He noticed the slight blush that crept up her neck and settled in a soft pink on her cheeks. Continuing smugly, he added, "Yes, my summer went rather as planned, if I say so myself." He held onto her hand a second longer than was publicly appropriate, and as he loosened his hold, he ran his thumb over her knuckles - sealing the place where his lips had touched her skin. A moment later, Lucius let out an involuntary gasp as a sharp pain seared down his shin, jabbing painfully against the bone in his right ankle, and finally coming to a burning halt against his toes. Narcissa's trunk had fallen from its levitated height, resulting in a very worried and an obviously flustered girl. She gasped as she reached out to wrap her hand around his forearm. "Oh, Lucius. I'm so sorry. Are you ok?" Lucius couldn't help but notice the burning in his foot was not nearly as strong as the burning he felt under her touch. He winced a bit, wiggling his toes, the trunk still resting on them, and leaned down to lift the trunk from his foot and onto the ground. "Yes, I'm just fine. Can I help you get your trunk into a compartment?" he asked, reaching for his own wand. "No, no! I'm sure you have Head Boy duties to attend to. I can do it," she answered, taking her hand from his arm, quickly levitating her trunk again, and gliding into the nearest compartment. He stood there feeling the throb of where the trunk slid down his shin, knowing there would be a bruise tomorrow. He couldn't help but smile as the floral smell still lingered in his nose, making the bustle on the platform go hazy. He wasn't quite sure he liked the feeling of losing this much control to a girl, but the searing heat that still tingled on his arm made him wonder what it would feel like to have her lips on his. Would it burn the same way? Narcissa sat in the train compartment with her face hidden behind her hands. She could not believe she let her charm break resulting in her trunk falling on Lucius. She had not been prepared for the intense flame that erupted against her skin at his touch. When his lips touched her knuckles ever so softly, she couldn't help the shiver that ran up her spine. His thumb smoothing her skin as he let go of her hand was where the last bit of her restraint broke. Her breath had hitched in that moment, the simple gesture meant far more to her than she had realized. The mortifying memory of what followed the greeting was interrupted as her fellow Slytherin, Posy, made her way into the compartment. "Narcissa, dear, what in Salazar's name are you doing?" Groaning internally at the high pitched voice of the girl, she raised her head, dropping her hands to look at the dark headed, pug nosed witch. "Posy, well isn't it lovely to see you too?" she said sarcastically; seeing the girl, was far from lovely. Even though they despised one another, they continued their social formalities and niceties as pureblood women were raised to do, of course. Friendships weren't real in the Slytherin Common Room. One kept close to others to share gossip and keep tabs on the other's weaknesses, always gaining knowledge to secure the upper hand in any situation, but that was the extent of any friendship she held with her fellow classmates. Narcissa watched the girl smirk and continue inside the compartment, followed by the rest of the Sixth Year Slytherin girls. Pulling a book from her trunk, Narcissa looked out the window at the now emptying platform. The whistle sounded and she let the voices of the other girls drown into the background, and she fell headfirst into a daydream of meeting Lucius again; one where she didn't drop her trunk on him. Lucius stood outside the compartment, racking his brain furiously for a reason to open the door and "check in" on the welfare of the Sixth Year Slytherin's. More to his interest was the blonde by the window who had her feet propped on the seat opposite her, an open book resting in her lap. She had a lock of hair in her fingers, twisting it around and tying it in knot before letting it fall, the sleek strands untangling themselves naturally. She ignored the other girls, much as they ignored her, and before he could gather the nerve to walk into a den of female snakes, he was called away by a fellow Prefect, who was standing behind him, to help with a matter in a compartment at the end of the train filled with second year Gryffindors. The Prefect mumbled something about out of hand pranks that were causing a scene, and having had issues with the particular group last year. When the train arrived in Hogsmeade, he looked over the platform, but couldn't