RATED M: for adult language, sexual situations, and violence. WARNING: Please be aware of the darkish/angsty nature of this story. We are dealing with a post-war world, and the Death Eaters we will encounter bring with them unsavory topics which can sometimes be triggering to readers. Out of the Flames might have murder, death of major canon characters, torture, discussions of previous suicide attempts, brief allusions to rape/attempted rape, drug abuse/addiction, birth trauma, and general Death Eater drama. These topics will be handled with sensitivity and will not be overly detailed or gratuitous. This will be your only warning. DISCLAIMER: We do not own Harry Potter. We bow down to kiss the robes of J.K. Rowling for loaning us her characters in this tale of a Dramione romance, but she holds the copyright, and we do not profit off of this story in any way. Any Harry Potter themes, elements, or characters that are recognizable to the reader are JKR's alone. THANKS: This story would not be possible without the incredible team of people who support us and push us to make this story something excellent. Each of these women have helped in various ways, including alpha reading, beta reading and editing, creating aesthetics and art, Brit picking, promoting and recommending, and generally keeping us going when we have felt unable to do our ideas justice. We are forever indebted to you! goldensnitch18 , olivieblake , thewaterfalcon , I was BOTWP, Clairebellaou , ErisAceso . SO MUCH LOVE. We are also so thankful for the supportive and encouraging community of fanfiction friends we have met online; without them, we would not be writing this together! If you are also looking for such type of community please search for Home Away From Hogwarts on Facebook. We would love to have you join us! ~ Love, oblivionbaby and RooOJoy ~ OUT OF THE FLAMES BY PhoenixTwins CHAPTER ONE Dust, bits of shattered stone, splintered wood, broken bodies, and the horrifying smell of blood littered the cold stone floor. The Great Hall was was unrecognizable. He could hardly see through the thickness of it all. The sounds that came from every corner of the room were filled with pain and fear. Fear of dying, fear of being overcome, fear of what was next. As he watched the Dark Lord strike every man, woman, and child that came close, he found himself flooded with that same fear. Draco Malfoy didn't want to die, but he didn't want to live under this madman either. He cowered in the corner behind an upturned bench; being wandless during this battle was a death wish, and he swore to Salazar himself to somehow get out of this alive. He wasn't sure where any of his allies were. Where were Blaise and Theo? Where did his parents go? They were all standing right next to him when Neville cut Nagini's head off, but his body moved him without recognition, and he was separated from them. From out of the kitchens, house-elves swarmed the battle, and it became harder to hide inconspicuously along the wall as the fear of being noticed grew. He watched, somewhat disconnected, as Yaxley hit the ground, and as Macnair flew through the air hitting the stone wall with a sickening sound, blood leaking from his hairline as he slid to the floor. The Dark Lord stood in the center of the room cackling with mad glee as he battled McGonagall, Slughorn, and Kingsley. Draco heard the unmistakable sound of fury and turned to watch as Molly Weasley thundered across the floor, panting heavily as she stormed into the duel closest to him. "NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH!" Bellatrix, his unstable aunt, was throwing curse after curse at Molly Weasley. Bellatrix's face was an easy shade of cream, showing no sign of strain and even a bit of pleasure. The light danced between the two witches as they aimed curses to maim and kill. She taunted the Weasley matriarch. "What will happen to your children when I've killed you? When Mummy's gone the same way as Freddie?" Draco had never seen such a change in a person before. He watched as Molly's face turned red with the effort of fighting and she swore, "You - will - never - touch - our - children - again!" Bellatrix threw her head back in twisted delight, dark hair tumbling down her back. He watched as a curse flew straight into her chest, her head still back from her maniacal laughter, eyes widening with the realization of what her opponent had just done. She crumpled to the ground, dead. She would not be grieved by him or anyone else, and he did not feel the slightest pang of guilt over that fact. Draco could not believe his eyes. He never thought anyone could be more terrifying or threatening than his aunt, except, of course, Lord Voldemort himself; but Molly Weasley defending her family was one to rival that title. The Light was going to win this , he concluded to himself, hope springing up amidst the terror in him. He only needed to stay hidden and ride this out long enough to stay alive, and then he would be free. He didn't want to be in this fight; this is not what he signed up for, what felt like centuries ago, when he took that Mark. The Dark Lord was supposed to be the answer to their family's safety and restoration of their good name among purebloods. However, this battle, he was painfully aware, was suicide. Just stay down, and you'll survive. Time passed slowly and quickly, all at once. His thoughts of survival were the background to his quiet, and seemingly calm observation of the pandemonium ensuing around him. He should be more panicked than he was, but logic and reason don't really insert themselves into war, and Draco couldn't be bothered to remove his feet from the spot against the wall where he stood frozen. He looked to the woman who had taken down Bellatrix Lestrange and met the eyes of her daughter Ginevra Weasley; full of fire and something else he couldn't place. He noticed there was no fear in her eyes, like so many surrounding them. Their contact only lasted a second, preventing him from understanding what emotion replaced her fear. His misplaced curiosity was interrupted by a chilling shriek which shattered through the air, filling the entire room with dread, as Voldemort screamed in angst at his most loyal servant's defeat. " PROTEGO! " Craning his neck so fast it was painful, he shifted to stare at the voice that cast a Shield Charm from the center of the room. Harry Potter was emerging from under a cloak. People all around were whispering his name, some shouting, "He's alive!" The voices were immediately stifled as Voldemort and Harry began to circle one another. Almost every scrimmage paused as the Great Hall took notice of the two enemies finally meeting. Draco watched as they conversed, his thoughts shifting in and out as he tried to focus on their words while hazily considering the implications of them. They were talking of love, and power, Dumbledore and Snape, and then of wands; the Elder Wand. Wasn't that a child's story? Are we fucking reading bedtime stories while people bleed all around us? Moments later, Draco unmistakably heard his name as he was torn from his rumination. "The true master of the Elder Wand was Draco Malfoy." He leaned against the stone wall as he cowered in fear, the reality of what was happening crashing in around him. Voldemort replied to Harry's latest statement with complete confidence, "But what does it matter? Even if you are right, Potter. It makes no difference to you and me. You no longer have the phoenix wand. We duel on skill alone… and after I have killed you, I can attend to Draco Malfoy…" Draco noticed all feeling fall from his body. His legs gave way, and he slid to his backside on the debris covered floor. The Dark Lord will not stop till I am dead. I have to run. I have to leave. Thoughts of survival shifted Draco's being, motivating him to flee, and he hastily scrambled to his feet. As soon as he moved to leave his hiding spot, the blazing light of the rising sun shone down through the highest windows in the Great Hall. Draco's opportunity for escape was cut off as the sun's light struck his eyes and obscured his vision, causing him to fall to the ground once more. It felt like hours, but it was probably only seconds, when he heard Voldemort's curse, and collected himself enough to see the green light head towards the Boy Who Lived. The prominent lightning bolt scar on his sweat slicked forehead was evidence of his surviving this same curse years ago. The Boy, who was now a powerful wizard in his own right, could survive again; he had to. The green light was dispersed with a golden light from Harry's wand. Their wands seemed to connect to each other, fighting for dominance over one another as if they acted with their own power. Draco was hypnotized for a breath as he watched this strange magic take place before him; it was unlike anything he had ever seen or heard of. The mingling of their magic blinded the transfixed crowd, and Draco snapped his eyes tightly shut. He could feel a distinct chill in the air despite the warmth of the sun's golden rays empowering the Hall. All sounds were stripped from the room as the weight of incredibly powerful magic trembled around them in perfect silence. As the wand's light faded, the voices began to return around him. Whispers of, "Is he dead?" and, "No, he can't be," and, "Round them up. This doesn't end here." Chaos broke out from the resulting duel. He watched, dumbstruck, as Death Eaters tore their masks of and began to fight in earnest. They attacked children like they would their peers, throwing Dark Curses at anyone who crossed their paths. Draco didn't know where to turn to exit the upheaval, and he frantically searched for an opening in the ferocious mob. "Draco, run! We have to get out of here." Blaise Zabini was suddenly there pulling him by his arm towards the doors of the Great Hall. He felt the surge of people around him, some running, others fighting, most falling to their deaths. As he found himself slipping from the devastated rubble of where he used to eat meals with his classmates, he couldn't help but look back at the destruction. His eyes focused on a body in the center of the room. A head of black hair was hardly noticeable as a sobbing form draped themselves over Harry's lifeless body; her wild, golden curls splayed over Harry's face as she buried her head in his neck. He didn't have time to observe anything more as he was firmly yanked into the Entrance Hall. Once in the Entrance Hall, they began fighting their way towards the massive oak doors. Flashes of all colors danced around them as hexes and curses were flying everywhere, rebounding off walls and Shield Charms, and then ricocheting into the crowd. Draco saw a red light heading their way from the staircase, and he pulled Blaise down to the ground just in time to have the hex hit the Slytherin hourglass causing emeralds to rain down across the floor. "Well, well, well, who do we have here? Running away, are we boys?" Draco and Blaise looked up into the enormous face of Rodolphus Lestrange. Having seen this man on many occasions, Draco knew he was not a man to go up against. This man was spoon fed by his wife and Lord. They were able to keep him chained to do their bidding, but in return, they gave him every indulgence of his sociopathic wants and