Standard disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Sati Colonial India (1830) Location: Calcutta "So the zamindar is celebrating his son's nuptials?" asked Edward as his horse trotted along Emmett's on the unpaved road. Rosalie, Emmett's wife, followed them in a carriage. At least there was a road, he mused. The previous week he had been sent to a village a couple of miles away, and most of the way was just a path full of dust. When he had asked Emmett how he managed to remember the confusing, narrow paths going to this village and that, he smiled and said that he didn't; he just depended upon his horse! "Eh, we won't be witnessing the actual wedding," answered Emmett, his large body moving up and down easily with the horse's gait. "That was a private affair and has been over a few days ago. This party we are going to is more a means to show off the wealth and splendour of the family. Practically everyone who is of any importance in Calcutta has been invited!" Edward gave his friend a half-smile. "I can understand why you have been invited. You are the Police Superintendent of the area, after all. Mr Sen would want to keep you in good humour. But I am nobody of importance, so why invite me? How does he even know of me?" Emmett gave him a jovial wink. "I might have mentioned you in passing, as an old family friend and a newcomer to this beautiful city. When I told him that you have not seen the inside of a single palace here, he was most eager to show you his!" Edward groaned. He was grateful to his friend for taking him under his wing and making sure that he was not lonely in a new place, but wrestling an invitation from a complete stranger was too much. "What if I make a fool of myself, Emmett? These zamindars can be very particular, I have heard. I have no idea how to behave around them!" Luckily Emmett was used to his friend's broodiness and laughed off his fears. "Edward, relax. You are just one of the many guests on this great occasion; nobody is going to pay you much attention. Now cheer up. I promise you will enjoy yourself!" Edward Masen, a doctor by profession, had landed in Calcutta barely six months ago fresh from Oxford. Like many men of his age, he had been in search of new horizons after becoming a physician. Emmett McCarty, a family friend who had been working in Calcutta as a Police Superintendent, suggested that Edward come over and give the city a chance. His parents were sceptical, but Edward persuaded them that he would be all right. And so far he had been all right, if rather bewildered by the strangeness of a new place and customs that made no sense to him. Inside the hospital it was not difficult to forget the outside world and just focus on the patients, of which there was an unending line. Emmett and Rosalie had frequently invited him to their beautiful home so that he wouldn't miss his family too much. They were in their late thirties and had been in Calcutta for almost two years, having left their two children behind in Britain so they could obtain a good education. Gregarious of nature and warm of heart, they had been the perfect hosts to the young man who had left his home in the hope of learning about new diseases and establishing himself as a competent physician. They had also introduced Edward to a few of their friends, and he had received invitations to parties and picnics, some of which he had accepted. Though he had behaved perfectly in such gatherings, Edward found that he did not enjoy crowds very much. He had explored the city a little on his own and found it fascinating. A few times he had been required to go to nearby villages and see patients who could not travel to Calcutta easily, and he considered this a valuable experience, both in learning more of diseases as well as understanding the people living there. He had heard of zamindars —landlords who had replaced erstwhile kings and lived as ostentatiously as if they were indeed a king themselves, but never been to one's house, or mahal as they called it. However, he had the impression that they were a fussy lot, ready to take offence at the least provocation. He had no inclination of offending one of them and finding himself at the wrong end of a gun! Soon they reached Chandra Mahal—Moon Palace—the residence of Sri Chandra Madhab Sen, and Edward gawked at the opulence in front of him even as a servant took their horses and another sprinkled rose water on them in welcome. The double-storey building, clearly inspired by Gothic architecture, was in the shape of a curved moon. Enclosed within was a large garden, and the grounds outside were extensive. As they entered the garden, Edward noticed an elaborate arrangement of fountains, all in separate lotus-shaped structures and containing replicas of famous Greek statues. With the approach of twilight, servants had begun to light lamps around the house, giving the garden a mystical quality. Emmett tugged at his elbow, enjoying the spectacle of his young friend staring at everything open-mouthed. "Edward? Where have you disappeared to, my friend? Let's go inside." Blushing at his obvious wonderment at the sight in front of them, Edward turned towards Emmett. "Have you been here before? I can't believe someone who is not a king has this much money to spare. Look at those statues! And there are so many flowers…the air is fragrant with their combined smells!" And he took a deep breath to have his fill of the said air. Emmett laughed at his enthusiasm. "Yes, yes, that is all true, but are you planning to spend the whole evening standing here? Come on, there is much more to see inside." As the three of them proceeded to the main entrance of the palace, Emmett informed Edward that he had indeed been there before, though the show of wealth still continued to astound him sometimes. As for the money, the zamindars did have a lot of it, almost an obscene amount. The revenue from several villages assigned to them made its way to their coffers, as did the income from various businesses introduced by the East India Company. Even after paying taxes to the British there was a lot left. They were the aristocratic class of India. "I have heard that one of them spent three lac rupees on the wedding of his cat!" he said, causing Edward's mouth to open in astonishment again. This time he shut it quickly though, before Emmett could tease him any more. Emmett laughed anyway. "You are pulling my leg, aren't you?" Emmett placed his hand over his heart. "Not at all. As fantastic as this seems, it did happen. I am telling you, they have money to burn. Three lacs is nothing for them. And of course, there is the issue of prestige as well. They want the whole city to talk about them!" He turned to his wife for validation. "Isn't that so, Rosalie?" Rosalie agreed that it was indeed so, and the zamindars did compete against each other to show how much they could spend. Edward mulled over the statement while he climbed the dozen or so steps to the gigantic doorway in front of them and entered a majestic-looking hall filled with men, both European and Indian, in their best attire. There were arches and columns and mouldings, and long, narrow windows with windowpanes fitted with stained glass. There were three huge chandeliers hanging from the ceiling that wouldn't look out of place in a royal palace, he thought. Servants roamed about holding trays laden with expensive-looking glasses of wine. Zamindar Chandra Madhab Sen was an imposing man, both in height and width. Dressed in a white silk dhoti and embroidered muslin kurta of the finest quality, he had a grey shawl wrapped around his broad shoulders and carried himself like the lord of all he surveyed. When he shook hands with Edward and welcomed him, the thick moustache adorning his broad face wiggled a little, arresting Edward's attention until Emmett elbowed him in the side. Hastily he stammered a few words of thanks and how impressed he was with his surroundings. This produced a genuine smile on the older man's face, and he assured him that he was not the first person to be overwhelmed by the grandeur of Chandra Mahal. He also invited him to look around as much as he wished to, as long as he didn't enter the andarmahal . "Andar…mahal?" repeated Edward, mystified. "The inner sanctum, reserved for the womenfolk," explained the great man with a condescending air. Edward realised then that all the women among the guests were European. So Indian women, even the guests, must have proceeded directly into this inner sanctum. "No, of course not, Sir. I will have Mr McCarty show me around, then I won't make a mistake." Mister Sen inclined his head in a regal manner, and they took their leave. Emmett introduced Edward to a few people he knew. "Where is the groom?" asked Edward. "Aren't we supposed to congratulate him or something?" Emmett shook his head. "No, that's not important. As I told you, this is more an occasion to show off his wealth than an actual reception. The groom is probably somewhere nearby though, getting drunk with his friends. It is not as if he won't be wed again, you know." Edward frowned as he considered the implication. "You mean to say he will have more than one wife while the first one is still alive?" "Of course. Have you not heard this in the time you have been here?" He continued as Edward shook his head in a no. "These high caste Brahmins won't marry their daughters outside of a few select families, so one man having multiple wives is a fairly common thing. Mister Sen himself has eight wives, but the number can be as high as fifty." "That is impossible!" "It has happened, my friend, I assure you. Except the first three or four wives, all the rest continue to live at their father's place, and the husband visits them in rotation. Some of the younger ones see him only twice or thrice in their life before he dies." Edward blinked in astonishment. "Of course," he said slowly, "with every wedding the age gap between the husband and wife would increase…" "And there is a considerable gap to begin with," added Emmett as they wandered around the room. "Take this wedding for example. I know the groom is twenty years old, whereas his wife cannot be more than ten or eleven at the most." "But why?" Emmett smiled wryly. "They believe that a girl should be married off while she is still pure, which means before she reaches puberty. Some are married as young as seven or eight. The groom on the other hand is at least eighteen at the time of his first wedding." The soft-textured cloth spread on the wall had Edward caressing it in appreciation. "Is this a shawl?" he asked as he tried to digest all the strange facts Emmett had fed him one after the other. "Not just any shawl, this is pashmina , the costliest of all shawls. To display these on a wall…" Emmett broke off as a gentleman hailed him and asked him to introduce his friend. After they had exchanged polite greetings, Emmett continued to talk with his acquaintance while Edward wandered farther, marvelling at the various artefacts scattered around the room. There were tall Chinese vases with scenes and designs hand-painted on them, floor-to-ceiling Belgian mirrors with decorative