Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Filthy Pirate Rumbles of thunder from the heavens above shook the tavern walls, whilst the rain-splattered windows lit up from the lightning. The tables remained empty—for not a soul had ventured out of their own warm homes on a night like this—save for the town drunkard, Ole Caius, who was slumped over and snoring into his ale. I wiped down the spotless counter for what seemed like the hundredth time, wishing Father would just call it a night. I glanced at him, and he seemed more agitated than his usual self. His eyes were trained on the door as if he expected an unwanted visitor. I tossed the rag down and made my way to him. "Father?" He jumped, startled when my hand rested on his elbow. His expression relaxed, and he patted my arm gently. "Are you well?" I asked in concern. "Yes, daughter, please wipe down the tables, and then go retire upstairs and lock the door," he answered distractedly. I glanced at the gleaming tables, save for the one Ole Cauis was drooling upon. "Father, perhaps we both should call it a night. No one will be venturing out in this weather." Before he could answer me, the door flew open with a bang. An sinister figure stood in the opening, and the sky ominously lit up behind him. A shiver ran through my body as I immediately recognized the feared Captain Cullen. The Golden Eye must be in port, I thought as my heart started to race. "Charles, me old friend, tis good to see ye." He smirked and tilted back his hat. "Captain Cullen, I am afraid we are closed," my father spoke bravely, his hand twitched towards his gun hidden under the counter. "Come now, Charles, ye may call me Carlisle, we've known each other for years now. We won't be long, we have some business to discuss." Captain Carlise stepped further into the room. Three men entered after him, standing close together, their clothes dirty and torn. The one in front glanced around the room before his eyes settled on me. He gave a saucy grin and a wink. One of the other men was covered in scars and appeared to be missing an eye. The third stood taller than the rest and had a dark and calculating expression as he scanned the room. "Isabella, go to the kitchen and stay there," Father ordered, pushing me behind him. He must have known The Golden Eye was in port, which explained his nervousness. He had forbidden me to be in the tavern when they were here last. "Me boys will be on their best behavior, I promise ye. Perhaps, the lass would be so kind as to give them a bit of spirits." Captain Cullen glanced at me, and I knew he wasn't asking—I had no choice but to obey his request. Without a word, I set to pouring rum; their preferred drink. My father and the captain settled at a table near the window, whilst the three pirates settled at a table close to the door. I carried the tray; my hands trembling slightly, spilling the amber liquid. I placed them down one at a time not making eye contact. However, I could not stop myself from glancing at the one who winked at me. He was still watching with a hungry look in his eyes. Now that I was closer, I could see that under the dirt and grime was a truly handsome man. "Isabella, ye have grown since I last saw ye." He leered at my breasts. "Filthy pirate," I muttered, placing his tumbler of rum in front of him whilst trying to make a hasty retreat. His hand wrapped around my wrist. "When we get back to me ship, ye can wash me clean, if it'll please ye, lass." His companions laughed as I fought to get away. He smirked and pulled me onto his lap, his wet clothes soaking through my own thin layers. His arm wrapped around me tightly as he took a long draught of his rum before slamming the mug down and nuzzling my neck. "Mmmm, nice and warm." His lips brushed against my skin, making me shiver. "Let me go, I have to serve the customers." I tried to slide off his lap, but he held me still. "Who, that bilge rat loaded to the gunnels?" The largest of the pirates laughed heartedly, pointing at Ole Caius. "Ye only be servin' me, lass," the filthy pirate whispered in my ear. "The answer is NO!" Father shouted, he stood so fast his chair fell with a clatter to the floor. He glanced around the room frantically, and when he spotted me his eyes widened, and he paled. "Get your grimy hands off my daughter." "I had wished this would have been easier, old friend. Boys, it's time to head back to the ship." Captain Cullen sighed and slowly stood to his full height. As I was yanked to my feet, I started to head to Father to calm him, but the filthy pirate maintained his grip. "Let me go," I cried incredulously. "Ye be comin' with us, lass." His green eyes sparkled with amusement. "Over my dead body, she will," Father yelled. "Charles, let's not do this the hard way. I would hate to have to shed yer blood in front of yer daughter." Captain Cullen pointed a gun towards him, as his men drew their swords. "No…please…no. I will go with you, please don't hurt him," I begged. "Ye heard the lass." Captain Cullen lowered his weapon. "Isabella…" My father looked defeated. "Father…" I went to hug him goodbye but was dragged towards the door. "Wait…" My pleas were cut short by the strong wind and pouring rain. I struggled to walk and suddenly found myself thrown over my captor's shoulder. I couldn't see, so I shut my eyes and hid them in back off his shirt. The walk to the dock seemed to take longer than usual, but suddenly the noise was muffled, and I was no longer in the rain. I was set on my feet and finally free of his grasp. As I opened my eyes, he stood before me smiling, his emerald eyes filled with lust. "Isabella, I have missed ye, lass," he said huskily. "Edward…" I was overcome with emotion, seeing him again after so long. Then reality hit me. "You didn't let me say goodbye." "I couldn't risk ye going to him, he would've gained the upper hand." His eyes narrowed. "Ye knew as well as I, he would never agree to let ye go with me." "So you just took me?" I exclaimed. "Aye, I am a pirate—a filthy one as ye so kindly said. We take what we want when we want it. And there is no treasure I've wanted more than ye. Ye are mine, love, better get used to it." He leaned closer. The tension between us exploded as he kissed me hungrily. His tongue pushed into my mouth, the rum making me lightheaded. He pressed himself against me, and as his hands grasped my behind, he moaned with pleasure. My fingers curled into his hair, tugging him closer. Pulling away, his forehead rested against mine. "Haven't ye missed me, love," he asked, a brief shimmer of regret shone in his eyes. "I have missed you, with every beat of my heart and breath I have taken since you were last in port." He grinned wickedly. "That's all me be need'in to hear." Edward swept me into his arms as he carried me towards the bed in the corner. I quickly realized we had to be in the captain's cabin. I glanced at the door nervously as he placed me on the bed. "What about the captain, he may want his room," I asked. "Calm yerself, love, not a soul will dare bother us tonight." He crawled across the bed and hovered over me. His lips trailed along my neck, and he nipped my ear lobe. My eyes fluttered closed as I heard the tearing of fabric as he began to rid me of my garments. His fingers sent a tingle sensation of wanton desire through my body. "What the bloody hell," he growled. I opened my eyes and looked up him, he looked frustrated as he tugged on my stays. "The ties are…" My eyes widened as he grabbed his sword from his belt and unsheathed it. "Remain still," he ordered as he cut the fabric between my breasts. He stopped halfway, tossing his sword away from the bed as he grasped the stays with both hands and tore it away from my body. He then made quick work of my shift. "Ye are not to wear so many layers again." He scowled at me as he rid himself of his shirt. I nodded wordlessly as I eyed his chiseled body. My fingers reached out and traced the curves of his taut muscles. I touched a rough spot and examined it closer—a jagged pink scar stretched down his left side. "What happened?" I grew concerned, I would have remembered a mark such as that. "Never ye mind. All ye need to know is I was the victor." His voice grew cold, and he removed my hand from the spot. His words did little to ease my mind. As if he sensed it, his eyes softened, and he kissed my fingertips. "I am done waitin'. It has been too long since I was last with ye, lass," he said huskily as he cupped my bosom. "I knew these would be great beauties.". He lowered his head and wrapped his lips around my peak; his tongue brushing against my sensitive skin. I gasped and wound my fingers through his coppery tendrils as my chest heaved. I closed my eyes in ecstasy as he gently suckled whilst one hand favored the other breast. He settled himself between my legs and braced himself, keeping most his weight off me as he left a path of kisses up my neck. His hands lifted my hips as he pushed inside, filling me. I gasped and gripped his shoulders as I got used to him buried deep within my core. His hooded eyes met mine and waited until I nodded before he started to rock us. "Ed—ward," I moaned, tipping my head back. "Ye seem to be enjoyin' yerself, love." He grinned wickedly. "Ye better hold tight, because I won't be easy with ye." He hitched my legs over his hips as he started rock us even harder. His mouth moved over my mine, swallowing my screams of ecstasy. He plunged deeper, and I felt my core tighten around his manhood as my world exploded. He thrust twice more before spilling inside me then collapsed, falling asleep, holding me tight. I awoke sometime after daybreak, the storm had lifted and the morning sun filtered in through the portholes. Edward's head laid against my bosom, still sound asleep—he looked like the little boy I met long ago. There were many men in the tavern tonight; however, Father ordered me to stay in the kitchen. They must be the unsavory type, I could hear their harsh words and laughter from where I stood. I grabbed my bucket of water and went out the back door to empty it. As I stopped and put the bucket down, it sounded like someone was crying. " Hello? Is someone there?" I called. " Go away, and leave me alone." I heard a boy answer. " Why are you crying?" I asked, heading towards the voice. " I am not!" I found a dirty little boy huddled in the dark by the rain barrel. I squinted in the faint moonlight and saw he was only dressed in breeches and a thin linen shirt. " What are you doing?" I asked.