Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Mercy Train "Ish A Bella!" The shrieking of her mother, followed by the breaking of an empty bottle against the wall, caused Bella to cower even further under the ancient bed in the tiny closet of a rundown apartment she had spent her entire eighteen years. Small clumps of dust rolled around her, tickling her nose and making her want to sneeze, but she pinched herself and held her breath in an all too common effort to avoid being discovered. She pressed her hands over her ears to muffle the noise as another glass met its doom. "Where are you hiding, you ungrateful child?" Bella prayed this would be one of the times she could escape being discovered, that her mother would become distracted or just pass out. There were only so many places to hide. This was not one of those times. The tattered bed coverlet jerked back, and her mother's furious face came into view. Long bony fingers wrapped around Bella's wrist and yanked her out of her spot of refuge. Jerked to her feet and whirled around, Bella came face to face with the shell of a woman she once called mama. Blood shot eyes, skin aged years beyond her thirty-five, and a messy, askew chignon graced Renee Swan's once elegant features. "Did you not hear me? Do you get pleasure from disobeying me?" Renee shook Bella, rattling the young woman's teeth. "Off to the store with ya. Two bottles this time." "But Mama, we don't have any coin!" "Then steal it, stupid girl. Just don't come home without it. Useless child." Renee threw Bella toward the door causing the young woman to stumble and bang her hip on a low table, nearly knocking over the oil lamp. Bella faltered to catch the burning light and righted it before running out the door before bolting down the five flights of stairs as if the devil himself were chasing her, pausing on the front stoop to catch her breath. "What you stopping for now?" Renee yelled from her apartment, leaning out a window. "Go on or I will come down there, and you won't like it when I do!" Bella flushed bright red, looking frantically around at those milling about the street. No one truly was paying attention to a drunk woman shouting insults at a young woman for it was an all too common occurrence in this neighborhood. She found herself half-joyful at the fact and half-saddened that no one seemed to care. "Go on!" Startled out of her musings, Bella dashed down the street and around the corner to the shop that sold cheap liquor of questionable origin which was her mother's favorite. She stared at the window, unable to get the nerve up to enter. "She send you out again, Bella?" Bella spun around to see her friend, Alice, looking up at her. Alice absentmindedly pushed a shuck of short, black hair back under the kerchief she wore to keep it out of the spinning machines and to hide the fact it had been shaved off in an attempt to get rid of a round of ringworm and lice. "I'm supposed to come home with two bottles." Alice tsked as she played with the coins in her pocket. Bella saw the movement and shook her head. "I can't take your wages, Alice. No matter what, I can't." She absentmindedly rubbed her upper arm where the last bruises she received for disobedience were just fading. Now she would have new ones on her wrist. "I've been trying to get you hired on at the mill. I truly have." "I know you have, but I'm too old. They are only wanting children right now. You are lucky you are small." "Perhaps. But they pay as if I'm still a child." "A job is a job. That's more than what a lot of people have." Bella had worked in a shop around the corner, toting up orders and keeping tallies. Old Man Molina praised her skills, claiming no one had ever kept the ledgers so tidy, but that was before his wife took ill, and they moved to warmer climes. The new owners had their own extensive family and no need of another body to pay, so Bella was shown the door. "Hmmm." Alice hummed as people rushed by. Some were changing shifts at the factories while others conducted their shopping. Too many of the bystanders were watching with shrewd eyes, looking for the opportunity for a quick score whether it be by theft of by barter. Somewhere in the distance a clock chime sounded. "Come on. It's almost time for rounds. Let's go see Esme. It'll be good for us. I just know it." Without giving her a moment to protest, Alice grabbed Bella's arm and dragged her toward the New York Foundling Hospital. Once there, the two young women looked around to make sure no one watched before darting down an alleyway. Alice pulled open a heavy metal door and ushered Bella in. Both ladies jumped at the loud boom the door made as it latched shut. "You would think we would be used to that," Bella murmured, leading the way down a dimly lighted hallway. "You would. But it's safer to always be aware of loud noises." Both nodded in agreement at Alice's recitation of one of the many Esme-isms they had learned over the years. Although less than ten years older than either of them, Esme Platt held a loving heart and common-sense wisdom about the dangerous world in which they lived and taught the girls to be ever mindful of their surroundings. The two made their way to the hospital laundry and emerged a few minutes later in black robes and white wimples. "Is this straight?" Bella asked, adjusting the heavy cloth as the two climbed up three flights of stairs to the newborn and infants ward. "As it can be. How do girls wear these things day in and day out?" "I think if you want to take the vows, you don't care about the clothes." Alice shuddered at the notion of not being concerned about what one wore. Her attire was always neat and tidy to the best of her ability. Even when she had very little money, Alice managed to find something to spruce up her dull dresses and aprons. "Oh, what wonderful timing!" Alice and Bella turned as one to find a woman in pristine white nurse's cap and apron hurriedly walking toward them. "Sister Mary Alice and Sister Isabella! Father Felix is supposed to be here any minute with a list, and a round of poor cooking has struck the convent again. They will never learn to keep Sister Lauren away from the kitchen. I swear, every time she prepares the meal, they all take to their beds. A few of the other nurses are taking care of the sisters. The only one left besides myself is Mrs. Cope and …" Esme's voice trailed off. Alice and Bella nodded in understanding. The older woman perpetually appeared to have smelled something rotten, and her shrill orders often cut through the air, causing children to cry. Currently, the foul beast of a nurse sat at her desk, scowling at the three with beady eyes, trying to capture them out of line so she could gleefully document and report their actions. Fortunately, the old woman's eyesight was cloudy, and she never realized Bella and Alice were not truly members of the Sisters of Charity order. "List?" Bella inquired, unsure of what Esme spoke. "For the Mercy Train," Alice offered. "Families out west send their preferences to the Sisters of Charity, and they send children by train to the cities where their new mothers and fathers await." Bella smiled ruefully at the wistfulness in her friend's voice. Alice had grown up at the New York Foundling Hospital, having been tied to the front banisters when she was only four years old. A note had been pinned to her ragged dress, poorly written on a scrap of paper, providing her name and asserting the claim that she was possessed. As a result, few of the sisters and none of the nurses save Esme would approach her. Esme tutored the young child, teaching her to speak and care for herself, telling all who would listen that the child was not possessed, just malnourished in both body and spirit. Through her care, Alice flourished, absorbing all she could, growing into a proper young lady with hopes and dreams of a home of her own, a husband, and a family after a successful career in clothing design. At the age of 15, Alice left the care of the Sisters of Charity, finding a job at a nearby factory and living with Esme. Her aspiration of earning an apprenticeship with a dressmaker bubbled up every now and again, but dreams do not provide for room and board. To deliver coin to her pocket, Alice worked as a doffer at a spinning mill, taking full bobbins off the spinners and replacing them with empty ones, provided her with a steady income and the ability to lessen Esme Platt's expenses. Now at the age of 18, the young woman attempted to pass on the love and care she had received by befriending Bella. The sound of footsteps approaching caught the women's attention and all three scattered to attend to the children in their beds. "Holy Mary," Esme murmured, looking over her shoulder at the three men that appeared. Mrs. Cope waddled her way over to greet them and after a few moments of hushed conversation, pointed in the direction of Esme and the girls before exited the ward in a huff. Alice and Bella exchanged concerned glances at the nurse's speedy departure. The senior of the trio, a tall, blond haired man, distinguished in his fine black vestments and clerical collar, carefully examined the hall, appearing to assess his surroundings. He was devilishly handsome with bright blue eyes and a ready smile. 'Twas a shame he wore the Lord's uniform. "I am here to speak to a Miss Esme Platt," he announced, looking expectantly from woman to woman. "That would be me." Esme straightened her apron and approached. "You are not Father Felix." "No," he said with a laugh. "Father Felix is currently recovering from a bout of indigestion. It appears he chose to partake evening meals with the Sisters of Charity." Bella attempted to stifle the snort that threatened to escape as she rocked in her arms a little boy, no older than a year. She loved visiting the Foundling Hospital and snuggling with the little ones, giving them a taste of the affection she never received at home. She began to hum a little song, one she vaguely remembered her father singing when he was still alive, as she toyed with the baby's ginger red hair. "Now who is this handsome leanbh ?" Bella jumped, not realizing one of the men had approached her. She spun around, tightly holding the child to her breast, and looked up into the face of a true son of Ireland. Fair skin, ruddy cheeks, a smattering of freckles, dark, auburn hair, and clear, green eyes that held a twinkle of amusement at her discomfort stood before her, and she was certain he was watching her, not the child in her arms. "I mean ya no harm, Sister. I merely was curious about the boy." "I'm not … I do' …" Bella paused and took a quick breath. "Michael." "Well, Sister Michael, I…" "No, not me. The baby. His name is Michael. The sisters named him after finding him on the front stoop after a storm. He wailed and howled loud enough to shake the saints from heaven." The stranger laughed, throwing his head back in full, unbridled joy, causing Bella to smile in response.