Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Dominion "Any word yet?" With my elbows resting on the oak table just outside my tent, I rub at my temples. "No, My Lord. That's the third squire in as many days to be turned away." Jasper sounds as frustrated with King Charles as I feel. "Damn him!" I pound my fists on the table. "Does he not realize he is merely delaying the inevitable? My father sent me here to gain access to the ports by any means necessary. I've brought war to his gates, and yet he still refuses to meet with me!" Carefully watching the exchange, Emmett, my usually jovial cousin is quiet. "What if we were to just lay siege to the castle? Catch them unaware as they sleep? He would certainly grant you an audience then." He is more often than not the least likely to show aggression, so his suggestion is surprising. My eyes scan the faces of my most trusted men. We have traveled a far distance at my father's instruction, to recapture the ports of Adwen...at any cost. I, for one, do not relish the thought of ravaging this already fragile land; its people just barely surviving the last winter due to their king's greed and foolishness. However, I also know that without the help my kingdom can offer, they will not live to see another spring. In reality, we are here to save them from themselves. "Ready the men and the battering ram. We will storm the gates after sundown." "Again!" I give the order to once again pummel the gates. After only the third strike of the ram, they begin to weaken. With the fourth strike, the wood splinters, and the weakened metal starts to give way. "Steady men, we do not know what lies beyond; we must be prepared to fight when the wall falls!" Riding atop my stallion, I have a bird's eye view as I watch them force their way inside. With the fifth thrust of the ram, the gates completely break away as my army pushes ahead. When I hear echoes of the clashing of metal on metal, I know they have reached resistance. With my sword in hand, I push my way into the courtyard. I quickly dismount and fight my way to the doors; I am determined to find the spineless man who calls himself a king. "Here, My Lord," Sir Garrett calls to me. "One of the servants said the passage to the king's chambers is this way," he says, pointing to a hidden door. "He gave up the information so easily?" I ask as I run to join him. "Seems we are not alone in our dislike of the King." The passageway is eerily quiet, the pounding of our boots on the stone path the only sound. All the doors are checked as we pass, as we are unsure where the King's chambers lie. When we come to the last door, the sounds of a grunting man are the only noises we hear. "Oh, this should be good," Emmett says with a look of amusement on his face. "No one harms the Lady, whoever she might be." Forcing open the door, we are faced with the King in all his naked glory, as vulnerable as a man can be. "Your Majesty!" I shout. "I've given you ample time to meet my demands for a meeting, and yet you continue to refuse me. You've left me no choice but to bring my men to you." Watching the maiden scurry about, gathering her clothes would be comical if not for the look of sheer terror on her face. "Woman, we mean you no harm." "Thank you, My Lord," she mumbles as she rushes past. The stunned King still sits in silence, no weapons within his reach. I approach his bed, my sword at the ready. "Will you kindly entertain an audience now ?" Seeming to come to his senses, he straightens, a look of indignation on his face. "How dare you! To come to my lands, making demands! I will not be-" "Oh, but you will," I say, the tip of my blade now at his breastbone." I have been sent by my father to take control of the ports and to seize your lands. You have left your people to nearly starve and their crops to fail. You have no right to lead them any longer. Your greed and arrogance are costing too much. You've no right to rule!" Just then, a commotion outside the King's chambers grabs my attention. "My Lord!" Emmett calls. Stepping back, but still pointing my weapon at the King, I wordlessly demand Sir Jasper to hold him where he now lies. Turning toward Emmett, I see my cousin has his own blade drawn, held to the throat of the King's knight. "I am Sir Jacob, the King's trusted First Knight, and I demand you lower your weapons," he implores us. Walking over, I take him in. He is tall, with broad shoulders, and yet I still tower over him. "I am Prince Edward of Galon, of the House of Cullen, and I take orders from no one but my King. You would do well to remember that." I look to Emmett. "Hold him until I have secured an audience with King Charles." "Yes, My Lord." Spinning on my heel, I find the King has managed to dress. "And you," I say, my sword once again pointed in his direction. "You will pay dearly for this little stunt. King Carlisle is not one to ignore such antics. I will make sure my father's orders are carried out, one way or another." His sigh of defeat is music to my ears. "I will assemble my advisors, and we will meet at midday." With gritted teeth, he continues, "If that pleases you." "Oh, that pleases me greatly; my men will continue to stand guard until this is resolved. Men at every door, and in every passage; a man of Galon will keep watch. We have surrounded you, Your Majesty. Consider yourself under siege." "Have you considered your options, Edward?" Jasper, my ever-loyal cousin and chief advisor, has spent the better part of the morning going over strategy with me. "I have," I say, looking over the just-waking land. The people of Adwen seem to be on edge as they set about their morning routines, word of last night's attack spreading. "And?" "Did you know Charles has three daughters?" "I've heard rumors." "And what of the rumors?" "That the Swan daughters are all of unmatched beauty. That their father has made such a mess of his own land that no one wants to align themselves with Adwen." "Yes, I've heard the same things." "Your father would be quite pleased with a marriage match." "Yes, I believe he would. He's been quite persistent about it for the last four years. He's been worried I will not have an heir, should something happen to him." "And you think joining with Adwen would be a good idea?" "We would once again have the ports; the lands here are fertile and bountiful when cared for, and the people need our help, Jasper. If left to his own devices, Charles will bring nothing but death and desolation to them." "Then you must try." "No!" I bellow, pounding my fists on the large table that stretches between us. "Charles, we've lost patience with you and your promises. We will wait no longer!" "I had no idea what the ramifications of closing the ports would bring," he says lowly. "If I had known, perhaps..." Rising to my feet, I gather all my restraint, focusing my irritation where it rightly lies; King Charles. "You have taken away access to the harbors; you've allowed your subjects to nearly starve because of your pigheaded pride and greed. Had you allowed us, or any other kingdom to assist you, your people would not have had to suffer." My voice is not much more than an angry rumbling. His eyes are trained on the table, unable to face me. "My father sent me here to seize your lands, Charles. Seize them!" That gets his attention, his gaze lifting to mine. "King Carlisle wants me to take control, at any price, but I suggest an alliance." "Go on," he says, intrigued. We keep our comments to ourselves until we are safely out of the gates and walking back to our camp. Feeling as if someone is watching me, I turn to look, my eyes drifting up to a window at the south end of the castle where I can see the faintly glowing light around the form of a person at the window, before quickly disappearing. As usually, Sir Emmett is the one to voice his opinion first, bringing my attention back. "So, it looks as if you'll get to have your pick after all, My Lord," he says, teasing in his tone. "It would appear so," I say with a smile. Heaven knows my last betrothal did not go as planned, so I shall take any opportunity I can to make my own choice. "So what are you conspiring, Edward?" asks Jasper. "I believe just observing them would be best. I don't know if I will be able to get any true responses, but I would like to try. Much can be learned from just watching. Perhaps I'll have each of you spend some time with each of the sisters," I muse aloud. Thinking about it, the men I've chosen to surround me are all excellent judges of character, chiefly Emmett and Jasper, as well as my trusted Knight, Garrett. Though Alec and Michael are fierce knights in battle, they're easily distracted by beautiful maidens, so their opinions may be more of a...visual nature. When the six of us arrive back at camp, my men are milling around, tending to our weapons, the animals and preparing food. They have been waiting for my order; to attack or stand down. As I pass them on my way to my tent, I realize I need to announce that we've made an alliance with Adwen. "Jasper?" I call out to my cousin before he walks too far away. "Yes, My Lord?" "Gather everyone together. They need to be informed of our plans," I say, motioning to the men in the sprawling camp. "Of course." With a nod and an informal bow, Jasper turns to do my bidding. Pushing aside the flaps of the tent, I walk into my home away from home. Though mostly impersonal, there are a few comforts I've brought along with me. My small chest is open, my belongings haphazardly strewn about. We've been here for four days now, and I finally feel as though I'm fulfilling my duties to my King. I've been worried over how this meeting with King Charles would go; so much is riding on its outcome. Being sent to negotiate was a test of sorts from my father, his faith in me sometimes lacking. My failure to find a bride, therefore securing an heir, has been a source of discord between us in recent years. My betrothal to Princess Tanya of Rhema was nullified when it became public that she was with child by her father's First Knight. Needless to say, our relations with them have been strained in the four years since. When we heard of their plans to lay siege to Adwen, my father chose to act. Knowing of the King's daughters, I only encouraged our involvement. Even if their father has made them seem less than desirable brides, I knew I must try for their sake. Before I have had a chance to truly gather my thoughts, I hear Garrett call from outside. "My Lord?" "Enter." Slipping through the flaps of the tent, he searches me out. "The men have all been gathered, My Lord." "Very well. I shall