Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Potato Famine 1846-1850 The Great Hunger: An Gorta Mor By Sheila McMahon-Copenhaver We are the Silent People. How long must we be still, To nurse in secret at our breast An ancient culture? Let us arise and cry then; Call from the sleeping ashes Of destiny a chieftain who Will be our voice. He will strike the brass And we will erupt From our hidden caves Into the light of new-born day. Skibbereen, Ireland July 1844 Edward O'Cullen is confused. Having lived all his nineteen years in a crowded home, he doesn't understand why he wakes to a quiet house. There has always been noise about, living with his Mamaí, Daidí, and three younger siblings. His older brother and sister are both married and have homes of their own. His younger siblings, Riley, Molly, and Connor, do not care for Edward's love for sleeping late and would often make loud noises to get him to rise. Opening his eyes, he looks around the small room, suddenly remembering he has his own home now. It was his first night at the cottage he is to share with his soon-to-be wife, Bella. She is his a ghrá, his love, and he cannot wait until she is beside him in their modest bed. Sitting up, Edward takes a look around the small home. He has made their bedroom in the alcove above, looking over the two-room cottage. His smile is wide as he imagines Bella cooking at the iron stove, a leanbh on her hip and another in her belly. Bella and their mothers worked on the small space, making it a home for the couple in the days leading up to the wedding. Like his Daidí and Daideó before him, Edward worked tirelessly on old man McCarty's farm for a year, in order to provide a home for his a ghrá. He thinks of their love as he gathers water from the well to wash his body. They grew up together. Her family, the McSwans, lived in the cottage beside his all his life. Meals and holidays were shared between the families. It was a small community they were a part of; most of the tenant farmers had a kinship amongst themselves. He laughs to himself, remembering how she used to trip over her long, dark hair. And how he would always pull on the silky, unruly strands before taking off so she couldn't catch him. They caught frogs together, picked potatoes together, and washed in the creek together, until her flat chest turned into little round apples. Her father had removed her hastily one day because Edward stared with his mouth agape. He couldn't fathom how his Bella had those things on her chest and why they made him feel funny. As they grew older, his fondness for teasing her multiplied. Any time she was upset, her big brown eyes would glare at him as if she were the bigger one. In his sixteenth year, everything changed between them. She had grown into a great beauty. Her long, dark hair cascaded down her back all the way to her slim waist; her hips were prominent, sturdy enough to bear children. Her backside was firm and round; he would stare at it, hoping her father wouldn't catch him. Her breasts were the juiciest of fruits, round and perky. He protected her as if she was one of his sisters, but his feelings for her were not of kin. He wanted to hold her in his arms for the rest of his life. He dreamed of days where he could kiss her all day and make love to her all night. No matter how hard he tried to ignore his feelings, they never waned. He assumed they were so strong because their families were close. Her eldest sister, Angela, married his eldest brother, Benjamin, so they were practically related. He buried his feelings in the soil of Ireland as he slaved to be a farmer in his own right and not just for his Daidí. Edward put his growing feelings for Bella aside until a year had passed. Then one day, James Murphy told him that he and the other lads were speaking of Bella's beauty. Hearing James confess he wanted to declare his intentions to Charles made Edward so angry that he knew what his true feelings were for Bella. He loved her greatly, and no other man would call her his. The water is cold on his skin, but the fire warm as he had put a few pieces of wood on before he went down to the well. As he washes by the hearth, he can't stop the smile that graces his handsome face, thinking on the day he approached Bella. She was washing clothes at the river, her hair was a sweaty mess on top of her head, and he thought she was the most beautiful woman he had ever beheld. Edward was nervous that day, as she ignored him and continued to wash the clothes with two smooth rocks. "Bella, I wanted to speak to ye," he said nervously. "Oh, now ye wants to speak to me, do you?" She scrubbed the clothes harder and said no more. Edward went to ask if he could go to Charles and ask his permission for a courtship but was caught off guard by Bella's rant. "Ye haven't spoken to me in weeks, Edward O'Cullen! You got some nerve coming here!" She flung the clothes down and stood, rushing over to him. "Aye, I've been a horse's arse. I know what I want now," he said, pushing the flyaway hair out of her lovely face. His thumb caressed her rosy cheek as he stared into her eyes. "And what do ye want?" she asked. "You, a ghrá , always." He pressed his lips against hers, sealing their fates. That was two years ago, back when she was a girl of fifteen. And now, at seventeen, she will become his wife. Edward stands in the center of his parents' home, happy that he will be a married man in less than an hour. He's wearing his Daideó's kilt. His Daidí had kept the heirloom for his sons; his eldest brother wore the kilt when he wed. His parents' cottage is larger than the one Edward will live in with his new wife. "Ye clean up well," his brother, Benjamin, says. "That, he does. Do you have any questions about your wedding night?" his Daidí, Liam, asks. His younger brother, Riley, snickers, but one look from his Daidí silences him. "It's not a joke. When you love a woman, then you'll know what it's like to put her before you. My Daidí taught me that, and I want you all to remember to cherish yer wives. He loved my Mamaí until his last breath," Liam says, pointing at his eldest boys. "Aye, some say he was bewitched by the seductress." Benjamin raises an eyebrow to his father. Liam chuckles. "All wives are seductresses to their husbands. You should know. You have another babe on the way, and the first one is still on the tit." "Aye, Angela will need to grow more tits if you two don't stop for a while," Riley teases his brother. Benjamin swings at his younger brother. "Watch it, you," Benjamin warns Riley. "Benjamin, take Riley here to yer cottage and see if yer sister, Maggie, has the children ready. Once your Mamaí's back from the McSwans', we'll be off to the church." Liam gives the two a firm look. Once Liam is alone with Edward, he turns to him, smiling. "I'm fine, Daidí. We've had the talk before," Edward says, looking his father nervously in the eye. "Aye, we have, but this will be the first time you've lain with Bella. Or so I hope. I'd hate to see Charles McSwan kill you on your wedding day." Liam gives his son a pointed look. "We're not Benjamin and Angela," Edward says, his jaw set. It was no secret that Angela was with child on her wedding day. Charles McSwan did point his shot gun at Benjamin weeks before their nuptials. Although the couple was helplessly in love, both families were still embarrassed when baby Brielle was born seven months after their wedding night. "I know you're not, but even the best of us fall to passion sometimes," Liam states, a grin on his handsome face. His own green eyes, like those of his son's, twinkle mischievously. "I respect Bella too much to lose myself. She deserves the world." Edward's cheeks redden. He does not want to have the talk with his Daidí again. They spoke on relations between a man and woman when Edward was just a young lad. His brother had always been his closest confidant, so he also knew a little too much about Benjamin's marital bed. Liam smiles at his son who is so in love with the young girl. "Aye, she does. Just focus on her tonight and all yer lives." "I will, Daidí," Edward says, hugging his father. Siobhan comes into the house in her best dress. "We best be off to the church. Oh, Edward, wait until you set eyes on Bella. She looks so beautiful in her Irish lace." Siobhan smiles at her son before walking to her husband. "She is a beauty. Our son couldn't have done better," Liam agrees, kissing his wife. "Aye, now come along," she says, leading them out of their home. Bella takes one last glance at herself in the old, faded looking glass. She looks like a gentle English Lady, not the poor farm girl she is. None of it matters because she is marrying Edward, whom she loves more than her own life. She turns left and right, admiring the fine blue gown. She's never owned anything so beautiful in all her life. The wedding gown was sewn by her Maimeó before she passed on. Her mother only had to take it in at the waist, but the dress fits perfectly for being made for her when she was just a girl of twelve years. The fine veil is Irish lace passed down through her family from mother to daughter. Rosalie McCarty adds one last adjustment to her hair, giving the girl a sad smile. Rosalie is the newest wife of Marcus McCarty, the cruel old English landlord who rules over them all. Rosalie is his fourth wife, his three other wives having died under strange circumstances. After arriving in Skibbereen, alone in a strange country, Rosalie immediately befriended Bella. "You look beautiful, Bella. The blue is so striking with your skin color," Rosalie says sadly, worried for the girl's upcoming wedding night. Her own wedding night had been horrific, so she has no encouraging words for the young woman. "Aye, she does. The Irish always says, ' Married in blue, you're sure to be true,'" Renee says, looking at the woman warily. She's not keen that Rosalie McCarty has taken a liking to her Bella. The woman should know her place in the world and not befriend the lesser class. She knows what the woman endures under Mr. McCarty. She has seen all three of his other wives suffer the same, but it is no one's business what happens between a man and his wife. Even if the man is cruel like Marcus McCarty. "Thank you, Rosalie, and thank you for the hair comb ... It's beautiful. I will return it tomorrow." Bella touches the comb that is placed in her hair, pulling it back from her face. "Take your time. I understand. Please tell Edward I wrote Emmett to inform him of your wedding," Rosalie says, speaking of her new son-in-law, who she has yet to meet. Rosalie has been corresponding with Marcus's son since she arrived in Skibbereen, when he sent a letter welcoming