Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Champion The Kingdom of Forks, aptly named after the fork in the road that divided the land into the high western region and the low eastern country, was abuzz with anticipation. Each summer, lords, and ladies from both sides would gather for a week's worth of revelry and merriment at the traditional jousting festival. It was the only time tensions between both sides were assuaged. The city-born westerners withholding their sneering judgments of the easterners, who preferred to live a simpler life. Unfortunately, it was also the one time of year when Edward had to endure the presence of the most insufferable man of all ... Lord Aro. The slithery villain craved the throne, and since he could not have it, he sought to debase it, which was why Edward always had to beat him at jousting. With Emmett on his side, a win was to be expected. Emmett rarely ever lost a match and had never once been thrown from his trusty, speckled stallion. In the armory, Edward found his younger brother hunched over a bench, tightening the straps of his shin guards. Though Emmett was younger in years, he was physically bigger and stronger than Edward, nearly twice his size if Edward were to guess. Despite Emmett's impressive physique and intimidating stature, he was, in reality, the kindest most warm-hearted soul in the kingdom. Edward was aware that as much as Emmett loved sport and to roughhouse, he would much rather spend his days in merriment. "Ready to practice?" Edward asked his brother who was now polishing his breastplate with uncharacteristic silence. In fact, Emmett seemed downright dreary. It was not a look that suited the jubilant man, a look that had Edward growing with concern. "Cheer up man! Normally you are chomping at the bit to get out in the thick of it." "I am truly sorry, brother, but I cannot joust for you." Emmett looked so miserable that any possibility of this being a joke was immediately squelched. "What?" Edward spluttered, feeling his blood run cold. "Why ever not?" "Lord Jasper Hale has asked me to be his champion, and seeing as though his sister, Lady Rosalie, is to be my bride, I could not deny him," Emmett replied apologetically, his head ducked to avoid his brother's hurt gaze. "Besides, I do not seem to recall you asking." It was true. Edward had not asked his brother, if only because he had assumed that Emmett would automatically have his back. His rejection stung like a betrayal, though Edward knew that the emotion was dramatic on his part. Emmett had every right to battle for his future family. However, that did not mean that Edward had to like it, or accept it. "You are the best at the sport in all the lands! If I lose this competition to Lord Aro, then I will be made a mockery of," Edward bemoaned. "His sights have been set on father's throne since before I was born, and he has spent every waking moment since then trying to undermine my capability. If he wins, it will be another notch in his belt, another piece of ammunition in his quest for power. He must be stopped!" "And that is quite a predicament. I feel for you brother, I truly do, but Lord Jasper has stakes in this joust as well. If you remember, it was he, who Lord Aro made a fool of last time." "What do you suppose I do?" Edward implored, shaking his brother by the lapels in utter desperation. "Champions do not sprout from trees, and the contest is in two days' time!" "Then you'd best get looking," Emmett replied with sympathy, patting his elder brother on the back thrice before plucking Edward's fingers from his shirt. As Emmett sauntered towards the practice field, one truth was abundantly clear: Edward was doomed. Three days later, the fanfare began at first sunrise. Tents pitched in the brightest shades of red, orange, and yellow appeared to have popped up overnight, transforming the palace grounds into a showplace. Jugglers and jesters made rounds to distract the idle crowds as they waited for their seat in the audience. Vendors came out to sell their wares while servants held on tightly to the trains of their lady's gowns as they shopped the stalls and men chatted about topics they could not discuss in the presence of their wives. There was something to be enjoyed for any and all ages. All except for Edward. He had yet to find a suitable rider, and time was not on his side. Nerves had twisted his stomach into uncomfortable knots. Just earlier that morning he had debated calling in the royal physician to make sure the stress was not giving him ulcers or any other malady. Edward remained a safe distance from the merriment, careful to avoid recognition. It would not do to have the common folk recognize their prince in such an unseemly manner. He was used to being cool, calm, and collected - everything the future king should be and just as his father was. Now, hair disheveled from numerous pullings and clothes rumpled from a night of pacing his chambers plotting how to pull off the impossible, he looked as though he was overcome with madness. And perhaps he was. For what fool, other than a mad one, would let a meaningless joust consume their body, mind, and soul? Emmett looked to be having a grand time, smiling despite the shame Edward was bound to bring upon the family. Of course, Emmett had no reason to worry; he was jousting for a fine, wealthy lord with whom he was about to share ties. Lady Rosalie looked absolutely taken with Emmett, twirling a piece of her long blonde hair between her fingers as she laughed at every word of her betrothed. Lord Jasper was close behind to chaperone such a meeting, a brotherly hand placed lightly on his sister's shoulder. Not that Emmett seemed to mind, talking freely with both parties. Suddenly, Edward felt a pang of jealousy. Emmett had found a new family, which to dedicate his loyalty, one that would care for him regardless of whether he won or lost while Edward was left behind. Unpleasant memories surfaced, and Edward briefly wondered about how his life could have been different had he accepted Irina's hand in marriage. She was a fickle princess from a wintery, far off land who cared not for the wet, humid nature of Forks. But she was as beautiful as snowfall on a sunny morning and would have made an excellent match for Edward. She would have borne him many strong sons just as his father had always wanted. Instead, Edward rejected Irina's advances and sent her home near tears once she realized that her stay had been for naught. Not for the first time, Edward craved what he could have had - what Emmett now so freely flaunted. He could have had a wife and children to think of, better things to preoccupy his time than worrying about champions and besting a Lord thrice his age. Upon seeing his kin, Emmett bid his future bride farewell and strode off to where Edward stood to brood in the shadows. "Have you found a champion, brother?" "I am working on it," Edward grumbled, eyes searching the crowd for any potential volunteers. "The joust is about to start any minute!" Emmett exclaimed, Edward desperately trying to muffle his brother's outburst before they drew attention from the other competitors. "What in God's name are you going to do?" "I do not know," Edward admitted, frantic feelings stirring in Emmett's presence. "Does Lord Jasper happen to have a spare knight to lend? Even a squire would do." "Afraid not," Emmett lamented. "Lord Aro stole his best knight in the last joust." "Curse the man!" Edward spat, hating the pompous Lord even more than before. Emmett frowned deeply, placing a hand on his brother's shoulder as he delivered bad news. "As much as it will pain you brother, you will have to withdraw from the competition." "I refuse." "It is either that or wear the armor yourself, and you know father will not permit both his heir and his spare to put themselves in harm's way," Emmett lectured, shaking Edward for good measure, so he knew his elder brother had his full attention and was not tuning him out. "Consider it Edward. There is more to lose here than your pride." Edward knew his brother had a point. It was risky to joust without proper training, and Edward knew next to nothing about the mechanics of the actual sport. He had always had Emmett for that. If he went into the arena, he would be walking towards his own death. However, that did not mean he was going to give up willingly. Lord Aro had already found his seat, his ostentatious robes easy to spot even amongst a sea of finery. A tall, pale man, Lord Aro was not the most attractive, with beady sunken eyes and hair so greased one could light a fire on the slick strands. He traveled, per usual, with a following of servants, squires, and lesser nobles - all to keep him entertained when he grew tired of winning. The insincerity of their revelry annoyed even the most patient of spectators. Rumors of the gruesome rise to his title had long since stopped circulating in favor of other scandalous affairs. But every once in a blue moon the story would be told of how the pale, serpentine man had slit the throats of both his elder brothers while they slept in order to steal their father's lands for himself. He had no issue; his wife a mute decoration at his side. He was a man who craved only power, and for many years now, he craved the one power he could never have: the Kingship of Forks. Bitter, Edward left his brother to prepare while he trudged his way up the steps to the royal box. His father, King Carlisle was already seated on the makeshift throne, long red cape tossed over the edges so that it puddled at his feet like a carpet. Queen Esme would have sat in the seat to his left, but Edward's stepmother refused to attend such events, claiming some sort of moral indecency. Edward claimed the one to the right, envying how relaxed and carefree his father seemed, how his hazel eyes scanned his subjects serenely. Blond hair had long since started giving way to silver, but Edward knew that his father still had many, good years of ruling left in him. Perhaps, if Edward could rid himself of petty rivalries as his father had, then he could live a long lustrous life as well. First to compete was a pair of novices, both with no hope of winning. No one placed bets on them either, knowing they were only fighting to whet the appetites of the gamblers and spectators for what was to come. Each round, the stakes were raised, and the competition grew fiercer. When it came time for Emmett's round, one rider had already been severely injured. The poor man had been hit in the head, his bloody body being dragged off the field quickly as not to dampen the mood with the stench of impending death. The younger prince rode into the arena to the cheers of his people, speckled stallion turning up dirt with each rear of its hooves. He approached the crowd where his betrothed sat and asked for her favors, as per tradition. Lady Rosalie leaned forward and tied the pale pink ribbon along the narrow part of Emmett's lance. She was positively giddy, cheeks blushing an apple red that could be spotted from where Edward sat. Once Emmett cantered off towards his lane, her lady friends chittered and