Standard Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Forks, Washington June 27, 2031: The scream of my alarm brings me back to consciousness. I groan, hitting my pillow, before I reach forward to touch the highlighted button on the screen floating above my face to turn off the outlandish sound. I stretch, enjoying the crack of my bones as my spine realigns after a fitful sleep. I rub a hand over my weary face as I turn my head to see the time. My eyes widen at the reflecting digits and I shoot up in my bed. Shit! I'm late! "Masen!" I holler, as I barrel down the hallway in my pajamas. His teacher must think I'm the worst mother in the world, constantly oversleeping and making my son late to school. I can't help it. Lately, I've had the most terrifying nightmares that make sleep impossible for me. I've been hoping things will get better, however there seems to be no end in sight. "Mama?" Masen questions as soon as I reach his bed. He rubs the sleep from his eyes and sits up to look at me with a confused expression. God, sometimes I forget just how young he is. It's so strange to see a six year old boy with all of my mannerisms. He's just as grumpy as I am in the morning- a stark contrast from his annoyingly bubbly classmates who seem to be bouncing off the walls by the time they get to class. "Mommy overslept, buddy. Let's get you ready for school." I take his chubby, little hand in mine and lead him to the bathroom to get ready. Thankfully, Masen was only twenty minutes late to school. However, that didn't stop his first grade teacher from giving me the stink eye as soon as I helped him get to his desk. She stops class, allowing her TA to take over, before she follows me out into the hallway. I roll my eyes at the sight of my son's prissy little twenty-something year old teacher leaving her classroom to give me parenting advice. I quickly look at my watch and cringe at the thought of being late myself. 8:45, Wednesday, June 27, 2031 flashes in my face and I start to recite lies for why I'm late in my head. You've told Jackson you've overslept too many times! He'll fire you if you say it again! "Mrs. Black," Jane says in a tone that makes my blood boil. How dare this young girl take a condescending attitude me! She hasn't the faintest clue what I've been through! "Ms. Smith," I say with a polite nod. "Was there something you needed to tell me? I'm going to be late for work if I don't get a move on." She sighs as if I were wasting her time. "Mrs. Black, I'm sure you know Masen has been late several times this semester." I give her a look which poses the question, " Yeah. Where are you going with this?" "Well, this is the sort of thing we'll have to report, Mrs. Black. I'm sure you're aware of our rules at this school." I don't need this right now! "I'm sorry he was late this morning, it won't happen again," I say through gritted teeth. "Well," she pauses, cocking her head to the side as she looks at me as if I were some sort of exotic bird. "It's just that you've said that before. I don't want to have to get anyone else involved with this situation, but Masen has to be punctual." The way she's berating me gets on my last nerve. Perhaps if I had a better night's sleep, I would be able to deal with this. Perhaps if my husband hadn't died two years ago I would be better suited to handle these sorts of situations. However, I'm a cranky single mother who might lose her job if she's not careful. "Look," I practically spit out. "Masen lost his dad two years ago and things have been difficult for both of us. If you even bothered to read his file, you would know this, but you're too self-absorbed to do that. We're handling it the best we can, and I don't need his teacher breathing down my neck." I pause to breathe, enjoying the look of disbelief and embarrassment on her young face. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get to work before I lose my job. Since I'm the only provider for Masen now, I can't afford to be late." I turn around and leave, not bothering to wait and hear her response. I pull into the parking garage at five past nine with my heart beating rapidly in my chest, like a caged bird trying desperately to get free. I practically run toward the elevator, hoping to God that my boss doesn't fire me. I slam my finger down on the elevator button before I take a shaky step back and wait for the doors to open. Seconds tick on slowly, feeling like hours as I wait for the door. Growing impatient, I kick the stubborn door and run across the forth level of the garage to try the other elevator. This is just what I need! After the shitty night I had, you'd think the universe would cut me a break! Suddenly, a busted-up car zooms past me, causing my heart to beat frantically. My eyes water as the realization that I was only a few inches from death sinks in. If I'd been walking just a tad faster, I would have been a lifeless body on the dirty floor of some parking garage. I scream at the car, my anger boiling over as I watch the vehicle continue on its route as if nothing happened. The car screeches to a stop and backs up, causing my eyes to widen with fear as I realize I must've pissed off the lunatic behind the wheel. I step aside, as the car practically flies into me again. Is this man doing this on purpose? I peer into the car, trying to make out the driver's face through his tinted windows. However, he doesn't keep me wondering for long. As soon as he rolls down his window, I find the face of a sweaty, middle aged man. His eyes are wild and his expression is frantic, which makes me instantly uneasy. I retreat a step and try my best to look sangfroid while inside I'm reeling. "It's a disaster!" He babbles, looking and sounding like some psychotic meth head. "Get out now! Get out while you can!" "What?" I ask, sounding harsher than I intend to. There's something about crazy people… you become agitated regardless of how compassionate you want to be toward them. It's the fear of the unknown that frightens you, because you never know what outlandish move they'll make next. I retreat another step, as he gives me his answer. As he explains to me the horrors of what is outside, I can't help but watch the saliva that's falling from his chapped lips as they smack together. I don't want to absorb his words because they're so deranged. "They're here," he says frantically, watching me as if I were some skittish animal that was looking for an escape. "You have to leave, now!" "I have to get to work," I finally say, not knowing why I'm even entertaining his mental ideas in the first place. "No," he says, as he swings his car door open. My eyes widen as I take in his disheveled appearance. He's still in his pajamas… what the hell happened to this man? My heart skips a beat as fear grips me. The man's intention becomes obvious and I turn on my heel, breaking into a full sprint toward the stairwell, knowing a man of his size and stature will have trouble catching up with me if I take the stairs. I hear his footsteps as they bound across the garage floor, splashing into the many puddles created by the rain the night before. "Miss, come back! I'm only trying to help!" I take one look over my shoulder, and he's closer than I imagined. I feel the sensation of my skull cracking before everything goes black. I startle awake. My breathing is erratic and my body is covered in sweat. I've awoken from the most bizarre dream! I move my neck to crack it, like I do every morning, and flinch as my head throbs. I put my hand to my head and search for the source of the mind-numbing pain, and come across a tender bump on the side of my head. It wasn't a dream! This realization is horrifying enough, but as I take in my unfamiliar surroundings I want to throw up. I crawl off the bed and onto the floor, curling up into a little ball as my stomach heaves. I have to get out of here! The room is quaint with only the necessities. There is a metal door and a window that is far from my reach. This man is insane! If you don't get out of here, you will die! This thought brings a wave of determination. The window is a few feet from my head, but not impossible to reach. I look for a chair to climb on, but come up short. I grab onto the bed and yank it toward the window. It's heavier than I imagined, but I manage. I jump onto the bed and reach for the window, my eyes widening with fear and my heart filling with desperation as I realize that it's locked. Fuck! Fuck! Shit! Of course it's locked! Could I truly expect any less? Suddenly, I hear footsteps coming down the stairs and I know that I only have seconds before that vile man comes back. I fall onto the bed and tear apart the sheet, wrapping a long strip of it around my right hand, before jumping back to my feet. I bring my fist back, so it's close to my right cheek, before throwing it forward, and against the window. I hear a crunch and tears of horror and frustration roll down my cheeks as I realize that the glass is much thicker than I thought. Adrenaline rushes through my veins as I hear the footsteps grow closer. I crash my fist against the glass, smiling as it begins to crack under the force of my knuckles. The door swings open just as the glass finally breaks. This is going to be a tight fit Bella, but you can do this! I look back at him, gazing once at his outraged face before grabbing ahold of the window pane, cringing at the feel of broken glass as it pierces my skin, and hoisting myself up. "You're going to regret this! You can't go out there!" He admonishes. I have to get out of here! Masen isn't going to lose both of his parents! The man grabs one of my legs as I struggle to pull myself up, so I kick him with the other, practically losing my grip in the process. I focus all of my strength into my movements, and manage to pull myself up. Half of my body is on the grass, as I feel him grab my legs again. I begin to kick violently, having no idea whether I'm doing any damage or not. I'm kicking mostly air, but finally, I feel my foot make contact with something different. I hear his scream and I'm finally free. I lay on the grass, taking a deep breath of the fresh air with a smile on my face. I know I've only been passed out a couple of hours, but it feels like days. The air feels so different and there's this feeling that irks me to my core. I open my eyes