Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Sitting on a train headed west, I watch as the scenery changes. The landscape that was once crowded with houses and factories has now become vast and empty. Looking out at the expansive fields, I can only imagine how much my life will forever be altered. It is 1905, the summer of my eighteenth year. My father, Charles Swan, or Doc Swan as he is known, is a well-respected physician who was enticed by some old friends to move to a small farming town. My father loved the idea of helping a new community survive and thrive. He has always loved adventure, so here I sit beside my mother on the way to our new life. Father had gone on ahead to find us a home and get his little practice established. When everything was settled, he sent us our tickets to join him. Our train pulls into the Forks Place Station just before noon, and I call it a station in the most liberal sense of the word. It's a platform really, with a tiny wooden building to the side. I look at the small number of buildings scattering the street just beyond the platform, and a nervousness settles in my stomach. Fear of the unknown is more like it. I've never been one for high society, fancy parties, bustling crowds, or noisy streets, but this might be more than I bargained for. My fear is overtaken by excitement at the sight of my father waiting for us just off to the side. The conductor stops at our compartment to assist with our carry-on baggage. Most of our things came ahead of us, these being our last few necessities to get us through the journey. I can barely contain my excitement, pushing past my mother to get out the door. "Isabella!" she calls after me. Bounding off the train, I leap into the warm embrace of my father. I have missed him so. Being an only child, my bond with him is a strong one. He calls me the apple of his eye. Growing up, he always made sure that I had everything I needed and desired. He shared his vast library, which encouraged my fondness for reading. He made sure I was educated and had a good head on my shoulders. "Hello, my darling," he coos as he embraces my mother with a soft kiss to her temple. "I have missed you both so much. Let's get you home." He introduces us to Sam, a polite, middle-aged man, who jumps to gather our belongings and load them into our wagon. The ride to our home is not that long. Father acquired a house just on the outskirts of town. It is a beautiful two-story building, with a small barn for the animals and another small building, which my father explains is where Sam and his wife, Emily, live. I can only assume this is the petite woman standing on the front porch, wearing an apron and a warm smile. Father helps us down from our seats, and I hurry toward the house. "Welcome, Mrs. Swan, Miss Isabella. My name is Emily. It is such a pleasure to meet you. Doc Swan has told us so much about you. Once you settle in, I have an early dinner prepared, as I'm sure you are exhausted after your long journey." "Thank you so much, Emily. That sounds wonderful," my mother replies, walking past her into the entryway. After taking a brief tour of the house, I find my room. My father has done everything to make this transition a comfortable one. My four-poster bed from our home back in Chicago is made up with brand new linens. My desk is stocked with fresh paper and pens. My wardrobe, vanity, and mirror are here. A brand new bookshelf sits in the corner, filled with some of my favorite old books and some new ones as well. I couldn't be more pleased as Father calls me down for dinner. The next morning, Father invites me to town with him so that he may show me around. He has a few medicines that have been delivered to the store and some letters he needs to mail. "Hello, Mrs. Newton. May I introduce you to my daughter, Isabella? Isabella, Mr. and Mrs. Newton run this store and can get you just about anything you need." "Good morning, Doc, and welcome, Isabella. We have heard so much about you." A blush tinges my cheeks, wondering just how many people my father has informed of our arrival. "It is nice to meet you as well. Thank you." I leave Father to his business as I peruse a few of the shelves and walk towards the back to look at some of the fabrics so I can report back to my mother. The bell rings as the front door opens. "Good morning, Edward. How's your mother feeling? And little Micah?" my father inquires. "Mornin', Doc. Mama and the baby are doing well. I think he's finally getting into a sleeping pattern, which has allowed the family to get some much-needed rest." I hear a low chuckle. Peeking around the corner of the aisle, I look to see who that gentle, husky voice belongs to. Talking to my father is a young man–tall, broad shoulders, with coppery brown hair. His clothes are worn, sleeves rolled up. If I had to guess, he probably does some hard labor on a farm. My father glances over this man's shoulder and catches me stealing a look. "Come here, Isabella. Let me introduce you to Edward Cullen." Feeling guilty at being caught spying, I emerge from around the corner, head lowered. When I look up, my pulse quickens, and a blush spreads over my cheeks. Edward Cullen is one of the most handsome men I have ever laid eyes on, with his green eyes, chiseled jaw, and just a tinge of scruff on his chin. His cheeks redden as well. "Pleased to meet you, Miss Swan. Welcome to Forks." "Edward here is your age. His family has a large farm just outside of town. His ma just had a baby," my father explains. "Isabella, we better be getting back. I need to drop you home before making some of my house calls. See you later, Edward. Tell your parents I said hello." I turn to walk out the door with my father. Glancing back, I see Edward staring. Quickly, he looks away and pulls out a paper to hand to Mr. Newton regarding his order. Out on the front walk, my father stops to talk to a portly gentleman. A couple of kids are chasing one another. One bumps into me, then lifts a frog towards my face with an impish grin. I quickly back away, right into the path of a large horse, which causes me to yelp. "Anthony!" comes a harsh yell from that same husky voice just as he is coming out of the store. "Apologize to Miss Swan." "Sorry, Miss Swan," this boy, Anthony, mutters. At least he has the decency to look embarrassed. "I apologize for my brother's behavior. Seven years old and he can be downright unruly. This one here is Masen. He's six. The two of them together are trouble." He pins them with a sharp glare. "I see you've met one of our horses." He turns back to me and chuckles. "Oh, yes, sorry. I'm just not very fond of horses. I mean, I'm sure he's a very nice horse ... He looks very nice, friendly even. It's just that horses scare me. They're big and ..." I stop talking as I realize I'm babbling and Edward is staring at me with amusement. "Oh, Dorothy here is a big softie. She won't bother you." He chuckles again, running a hand down her head. "Let's go, Isabella," my father calls. I hurry back to our own wagon as he helps me in. Edward Cullen is staring again. Then he looks away and wrangles his brothers into their wagon to head home. Sunday, we head to the church for morning service. Sitting in the pew, I get the chance to look around at the other local residents. I recognize some from the short trips I've taken into town. Just before the service is ready to begin, there is a commotion coming from the entrance. Many in the congregation turn around. A small smile hits my face as in walks Anthony, followed by his brother, Masen. What I didn't expect to see were two older boys, three girls of various ages, followed by who I assume to be Mr. and Mrs. Cullen with a small baby swaddled in her arms. Edward follows just behind, sparing a quick glance around as he takes his seat. His hair is tamed as much as it appears is possible, and he is wearing a nicely pressed shirt and dark pants with suspenders. I look away quickly before my thoughts become inappropriate for this setting. The pastor delivers a dull, somewhat droning sermon. Hymns are sung. I look again back towards the Cullen family and see that some of the older children appear to be paying attention, but the younger ones are looking anywhere but forward. Mr. Cullen is whispering to them, trying to keep them in check. Mrs. Cullen is listening intently while gently swaying the baby. Edward Cullen is staring at me. This time, I give a quick smile before glancing away. As we all file out of the church, my father stops to introduce us to Mr. and Mrs. Cullen. "Carlisle, Esme, let me introduce you to my wife, Renee, and daughter, Isabella. Renee, Isabella, this is Carlisle and Esme Cullen. And this little one is Micah, one of my first deliveries in the town of Forks," my father says, beaming. "Such a pleasure to meet you both. Doc has told us so much about you," Esme says. "We would love to have you over sometime for supper. And I've been meaning to send over one of my pies." "Oh, my goodness! Where do you find the time to make pies? You certainly have your hands full. You have a beautiful family." My mother smiles as she continues to talk to Esme. I walk over to Edward, who is standing with his back to me, talking to one of his sisters while one of the youngest ones is pulling on his arms, begging to be picked up. His sister looks to me, and Edward turns. "Hello, Edward." "Good morning, Miss Swan." "Please, call me Isabella." Turning to his sister, I say, "Hi, we haven't met. I'm Isabella Swan." "This is my sister, Rosalie," Edward says, turning to the rest of his siblings. "You met Anthony and Masen. Those two over there are Jasper and Benjamin. Rebecca is standing over by my father. Micah is our newest addition. And this little girl here is Maggie." He smiles at her. The smile brightens his whole face. "Hello there, Miss Maggie. How old are you?" "I'm three. And a half!" We all chuckle. "Can you come over to my house?" "I would very much like to come to your house sometime. That would be lovely." Her smile is contagious. "I will talk to Mama and Papa and let you know when you can come." "Well, that would be splendid. It looks like my own mama and papa are just getting ready to leave. It was nice meeting you, Maggie. It was nice meeting you too, Rosalie. Good seeing you again, Edward. Have a pleasant afternoon." With that, I am off to rejoin my parents in the wagon as my father helps me in. Tuesday, I am reading a book in Father's office, sipping tea when I hear someone pull up. My mother answers the door, and I step up to see Rebecca and Maggie Cullen standing