Standard Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Chicago: October 9, 1918 Behind the hospital's emergency gate, I mutter to myself as I carefully scurry outside pressing my back flat against the wall in the dark alley. The Chicago Daily Herald reads, " City Health Commissioner declares Chicago a 'closed' city." He commands that everyone with the disease must remain inside their homes to isolate the infection and keep it from spreading. I laugh to myself from delirium. My father is gone, and my mother is in a packed, two-hundred-bed ward dying from this horrendous illness. Nothing will contain this epidemic. Rushing home, I sink into the darkness trying to keep myself from being seen by the authorities. The superintendent wants all schools open and students to continue with their classes so they can monitor any illness with the doctors and nurses available during the day. We dress in our outer clothing not to get a ' chill,' while the heaters soar and the windows remain open. Their reasoning is to keep the air circulating with fresh, cold air, but keep us warm enough as not to bring on any disease. If they find me, they will escort me home to 'stay' or drag me off to my high school. TWO WEEKS AGO Sitting at my school desk, I listen to the dribble. The teacher nervously recites her rehearsed speech, wringing her hands and walking back and forth, "Now, young men and women, we know the conditions are difficult, but we are here for the greater good of our city. Should a loved one fall to the fate of this dreaded illness, you must inform me, or one of the staff. We will send someone to your home to assess their health. Should you feel ill or show any of the symptoms, we must be apprised of your situation and provide you care." When the bell rings, I walk out the door. I do not need these people to 'assess' my situation. I am more useful at home, caring for my parents. As I quietly enter the house, I can hear my mother in the kitchen chopping something. I throw my books, coat, and hat into my room, and walk down the hallway. I peek into my parent's room and see my father lying in bed, breathing heavily under the covers. He looks bad with dark circles under his eyes, hollow cheeks, and his skin is ashen and drawn, his hair sticks to his forehead from the fever and, when I get closer, his chest rattles as he slowly breathes in and out. There is a loud crash. I run into the kitchen, finding my mother a crying mess holding carrots, celery, and onions to her chest on the floor with her legs out in front of her. The soup pot is in the corner on its side. I bend to help her, and she startles. "Edward, you scared me." " I am sorry; I did not mean to frighten you. I heard the crash," I say and give her a hand to rise. I then retrieve the pot and place it on the countertop. " I was cutting the vegetables for a soup, and my hands were wet. I did not get a good grip on the pot. That's why it fell." I nod. She puts the vegetables in the sink and continues to cry, covering her face with her hands. I grab one hand as she wraps the other around my waist. "I cannot make him better. No matter what I do he is weaker." " He needs a doctor," I quietly say. " Your father is against that. He says they do not know what they are doing with this illness," she moans. "He will not allow me to bring a doctor." " And in the meantime, he lies in bed getting worse. He needs medical attention, Mother. He cannot remain in bed without a checkup, even I realize that. I can return to school and bring someone." She cries, "Please, Edward, do not do that. Your father will be furious with you and me." I angrily shout, "And what good will he be if he dies, Mother?" " I can not go against his wishes," she sadly defends. A week later, my father dies. I shake my head and roughly cough. I must return with my mother's pink sweater. She asks so little of me and shivers so. I did not want to leave her side, but Dr. Cullen consented to stay with her until my return. The wind is harsh for early October, and I wrap my woolen scarf closer to my frigid face. Unfortunately, with clumsy, gloved hands, I knock my bowler from my head, feeling the sting of the freezing air burning the tips of my ears. As I bend, I raise my head to see flashing blue lights coming in my direction, and I slide back into the darkness. Once the cruiser passes, I quickly run across the street, make my way through the neighborhood, and up the four, white concrete steps onto my porch and catch my breath. We have a modest, three-bedroom home. The front facade has a double 'A' frame roof, and three, diamond-pane, bay windows on the right side with a large picture window and two smaller pane windows on the left under the porch roof. The red brick is a bit worn, and the white wooden borders and columns are dull from age. Hastily, I remove a glove and shove the key into the lock. The door opens, and the warmth comforts as I enter the vestibule. I waste no time taking long strides down the narrow hallway to my parent's room. My mother's sweater lies neatly across the foot of the four-post, mahogany bed. The shiny pearls around the neckline glitter from the light and stand out against the dark, navy bedspread. I smile and bring it to my nose to inhale her perfume, saying a prayer that she will survive this. When I close my eyes, I still see my father lying helpless in the bed. For an educated man, he certainly would not bend to reason, stubborn to a fault. I am his son in so many ways. I clear my throat, cough into my hand, and take my leave from the room. Back into the shadows, I find my way to the ward. Dr. Cullen sits by my mother's side as she clings to his hand. When I approach them, I see her tears. "Mother?" I softly say. She tries to speak, but her coughing interrupts her. Barely a whisper, she struggles, "Edward." Dr. Cullen stands and offers me the chair. I thank him, sit and take my mother's hand in mine. "I brought you your sweater." I place it on the blanket. With her hands over her mouth, she coughs again, "I see, thank you." She stares at Dr. Cullen. His amber eyes sadly smile, and he excuses himself with the silent promise of his return. He stops a nurse, pulls something out of his pocket and hands it to her. She walks toward us wearing protective gloves and a scarf around her mouth. She prepares a cup of water at my mother's bedside. She hands me a scarf. As she helps Mother take a sip, she explains, "It would be safer for you to place this over your nose and mouth, young man." Thanking her, I accept the scarf and tie it at the back of my head. Her eyes smile, and she tends to the next patient making her rounds. My mother quietly sleeps with a rattle to her breathing. Dr. Cullen checks on her pulse and nods. "How are you feeling, Edward?" I look around. "I am fine. The question is, how is my mother ?" "She is gravely ill, I'm afraid," he informs, then deeply sighs. "As your father did, she took too long to receive medical attention. Her breathing is labored, and she is very weak, Edward. I have tried to make her comfortable." I nod my head in realization. Someone calls his name, he walks away, and Mother slowly opens her eyes. She motions for me to come closer. I stand over her with my ear to her mouth, holding her cold hands. She pleads, "Edward, allow Dr. Cullen to help you." She lightly squeezes my hand. "I love you, my son." "I love you, too, Mother." "You have to promise me, Edward." She is frantic. "Anything. I will do anything you ask," I reassure. "Please, Mother, do not excite yourself." "If the time should come, please, my son, allow Carlisle to be there for you. Don't question. Just do as he asks of you. Promise me." "I promise." I turn to look at her. "I do promise. Please, Mother, rest." She smiles. "I love you, Edward. Her hand goes limp in mine. I look at her lifeless face. I know she is gone. I have to get out of here. Pulling the scarf from my head, I throw it onto her bed and run. Dr. Cullen calls out for me, but I do not turn, and I continue to exit the building. My legs strain as I force myself home, heaving large gulps of air into my burning lungs and hysterically crying. I crash into the front door and lean my head on the window as I struggle with the key. Flinging the door open, I slam it shut, and stand in the archway of my music room. I peel my coat from my tired body and allow it to drop to the floor, taking small steps to my piano. It's a beautiful instrument, standing upright with dark, mahogany wood. Dating back to the mid eighteen hundreds, it is quite ornate, with its Victorian heritage and style. As I sit on the bench, allowing my tears to pool in rivulets down my cheeks, I run my hands over the front three panels above the keys, and they stagger in the middle. It has a heart design with curved branches of wings. How apropos. I outline the design with my trembling fingers as I gaze at each loop and twist. I begin to scream from my pain and loss before collapsing onto the keys. My cries echo throughout the empty house. Yes, empty. I am alone. October, 14, 1918 For five days, I roam from room to room. My nonexistent appetite forbids me nourishment, and I drink hot, bland tea trying to rid the flame from my throat and chest. My head pounds down my aching backbone, each joint twinges with every cough; my vision blurs from the dizziness and to stand is a struggle from my lack of sleep. My only companion is my music. I play morning until night. Empty tea cups line in a spiral on the round, marble top table near the settee. I close my eyes and picture Mother and Father sitting on the red, velvet, tufted and buttoned fabric listening as I serenade them with Chopin's, 'Spring Waltz' or Beethoven's, 'Ode to Joy' . I can almost hear their applauds of praise, and feel my father squeeze of my shoulder and Mother's kiss on my cheek. Sadly, I will never see them again. I'm seventeen years old. My dreams to join the army and serve my country are no longer my future. Or to study and follow in my father's footsteps as an attorney, or have a wife or father a child … I carefully chuckle … sadly smile … a virgin never to know the pleasure of a woman's touch. I have yet to utter a word for fear I will not find another breath. Am I to die alone? There is a knock on the door. I look up, dragging myself to the hallway and staring down its length. "Edward, please open the door," I hear. Frozen in