Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No Copyright infringement is intended. EDWARD's POV I didn't realize when I walked out into the humidity that was Vietnam that my life would be changed forever. I mean, I understand that war changes people, but the extent to which that one event would mold my future was unforeseen at that time. You see, I didn't do the noble act of enlisting; I was drafted right after my surgical training was complete. Talk about trial by fire! I was angry, miserable, and just wanted to serve my tour and get back to the life that was waiting for me back in Washington. Seems though that absence doesn't make the heart grow fonder and 6 months into my tour I was blessed to receive the typical "Dear John" letter that so many of my fellow soldiers received during their time in country. This would prove to be the best thing to ever happen to me. Upon receipt of said letter from Tanya, my wonderful fiancée, I proceeded to go to the Officer's Club and drown my sorrows. That's where the life-changing event would occur. Captain Isabella Swan was ready to leave, having just completed her tour, and was attending her going away party when I first saw her. Once I looked into her big, deeply expressive eyes, I knew I would never be the same. When we started talking, I couldn't believe how much we had in common. Between musical tastes, literature, views on politics, and just basic philosophy of life, we were more compatible than anyone with which I had ever spoken. We made an immediate connection, and it didn't surprise me at all that after a night of heavy drinking, we ended up in bed together. Waking up the next morning with a hangover is my least favorite way to arise, but I was especially distressed to note that my companion was long gone. I was left with nothing but a note, thanking me for a fantastic sendoff that was signed Bella . I was determined to reconnect with this angel upon my discharge. BELLA's POV When I volunteered right out of nursing school to go to Vietnam, I thought I was doing my patriotic duty, getting a crash course in trauma medicine and escaping my small Illinois town and the failed relationship remaining there. The thought of being able to ensure my future medical school hopes and dreams through the GI Bill was just a tickle at the time, but another reason to go. Let's face it, while the pay isn't great, there isn't much time for shopping. What I hadn't expected was the ungodly heat! There was a popular saying there, "When I die, I'm going to Heaven 'cause I've spent my time in Hell." I don't think I felt clean or bug free the entire 12 months I was in the country. The work was steady, unimaginably dirty, bloody, and frightening, but so very rewarding. To be able to afford comfort to a boy who was taking his last breath is a privilege I'll never be able to express. That being said, I was so very ready to go back to civilization when my tour was complete. Little did I know that a random meeting in the Officer's Club at my going-away party would change my life forever. I had more than my usual amount to drink and was wandering out of the facilities when I bumped into the most gorgeous man I had ever seen. His green eyes were what sonnets are written about, and I've never seen hair the color of his. What was unusual was that he seemed to be as enamored with me as I was with him. We talked the rest of the night, and it was with real regret that I realized our time together would be so short. I left for my early flight the next morning with him peacefully sleeping. I only hoped he would remember enough of the night to contact me when he returned stateside. When I returned home, there was no parade or welcome ceremony. My parents picked me up in Indianapolis, and I returned to my mediocre existence as though I had never been gone. Transitioning back to regular life was a challenge, especially since I seemed to have developed some type of GI problem. I couldn't keep anything down and was tired all the time. Finally, at the recommendation of a co-worker, I went to a local clinic for an exam. Imagine my surprise when I discovered that my one night with the man of my dreams resulted in an addition to my family. Now what was I going to do? Pregnant? How can I be pregnant! I mean, I know how it works and everything, but I was so very careful, even that last time with the gorgeous Lieutenant Cullen. I guess condom failure is a possibility, and it's not like I don't know exactly who the father is, as I've never been promiscuous, especially after the Jacob Black debacle. How could I think that giving that asshat my virginity would be the thing to do? The fact that he proceeded to brag to the entire football team that he was successful in deflowering "Brainy Swan" certainly didn't help my self-esteem or my love for our small town. The fact that his parents and my parents were best friends and we spent all holidays with them and their extended family certainly didn't help. One thing was for certain, I've got some major thinking to do. First off, there is no way I can stay home. I'm going to have to move to a bigger city before the pregnancy becomes obvious. I should be able to get some preliminary course work toward my bachelor's degree. Fortunately, some of my nursing classes were taken at a community college, so those credits should transfer. Since I have a considerable savings account thanks to Uncle Sam, I should be able to work part-time as long as I have enough hours to qualify for health insurance. Better do that soon though, or they'll consider this pregnancy a pre-existing condition, and I won't get coverage for it. If I move to Terre Haute, that won't be too far from home, but they have a nice university there and a couple hospitals that should welcome a chance to hire someone with my experience in trauma. Now, the biggest question is what do I tell Mom and Dad? I think I'll just explain that it's too complicated to stay at home with the Jake situation and that I intend to move to a city with a trauma center so I can utilize the skills I learned as well as continue my education. Will they buy it? Who knows, but I've certainly earned the right to be on my own for a while. I'm sure whatever doctor I go to can assist with post delivery options. If I keep myself busy enough, I won't be able to dwell on the bronze-haired, green-eyed baby daddy. Wonder if he remembers that night and thinks of me fondly on occasion. Guess I'll never know; it's not like we exchanged information. EDWARD's POV: Six months is a lifetime when waiting for the rest of your life to begin. Every day was the same; a massive influx of wounded followed by downtime so boring it defies words. Have I mentioned the unending heat? I was anxious to get to the states and see if I could track down my brown-eyed angel. I already had my brother-in-law, Jasper, an attorney, looking for her with the limited information I was able to remember and elicit from her co-workers. On a side note, it seems the closer it gets to my return, the more Tanya regrets the "Dear Edward, I don't love you anymore" letter. Tough luck! I have no interest in continuing that relationship in any way, shape, or form. Unfortunately, her parents and mine are friends, so she stays informed, and even sending back her letters unopened doesn't seem to send the message of disinterest! She keeps contacting my sisters for information. I told them not to give her any, but I'm not sure how that's going. Jasper has advised that the family is planning a party for my return. I just want to get to Indiana and find my angel. Yes, I have discovered her location. I've contemplated contact with her; but have convinced myself that just surprising her would be the best option. My father is pressuring me to make a decision about the future and whether I want to accept the general surgery position at the hospital where he's chief of staff. I'm not sure though; I'm thinking more along the lines of trauma so I can utilize this forced fellowship the government has so graciously provided. The biggest factor remains what Captain Swan has up her sleeve and whether she wishes to weigh in. My greatest hope is that she wants to explore the connection I know we had with each other during that brief encounter six months ago. On the flight to San Francisco, I was able to decompress some and try to forget the horrors of the past year. The carnage was indescribable, but I've been told that, statistically, the survivor rate for soldiers injured in this war has been much higher than in previous times mostly because of the rapid evacuation from field to field hospital for stabilization and then to hospital ships for immediate transport to Guam and stateside. It was helpful mentally to know I played a part in improving the outcomes, but to see such death and destruction among men my age and younger was difficult to digest. Whatever were the folks in Washington, DC thinking to involve us in a local civil war? I'm not sure my conservative father is going to appreciate my changed views on his favorite topic, but if nothing else, I've come to know myself much better while away. I foresee some social activism in my future. With those thoughts in mind, I can feel the plane as it descends into San Francisco International Airport. Sure hope the family has kept my immediate return quiet so I don't have to deal with the "Tanya Issue" immediately. What an absolute clusterfuck this welcome home party turned out to be! Of course, Tanya had to be there and make a big scene. She actually had the gall to act as though she didn't dump me when I was at war and proceeded to try to talk to me about setting a date for our wedding. Is she delusional or what? I put that discussion to rest immediately, unconcerned with the scene we were making at the Fairmont where Mother, in her infinite wisdom, decided to throw the welcome home party. Needless to say, the Denali family won't be attending future family functions. Why would I want someone that shallow when I just need to find my angel! Jasper has some leads that I'm going to check out as soon as things are settled here. Hopefully, I'll be in time, and she'll not have found someone. Damn, I should have contacted her while I was still in Vietnam, but I wanted to make sure I came home before I explored this connection. My father wants me to start at the hospital immediately, but I'm going to take a few months to readjust and find Captain Swan. BELLA's POV Everything has been going well these past six months. I was able to find a part-time position in the ER and signed up for my pre-med classes. I was able to transfer almost all of my nursing school credits and started as a junior. I have a small one-bedroom apartment and have been feeling really well. My pregnancy is becoming more apparent. I wish I could get away with wearing scrubs, but it's amazing how