Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Здравствуйте товарищ!" Edgar did not reply. He knew it was not a good idea and that his lack of response to his neighbor could be written down within the hour and used against him later, but he could not bother to care. At the time, it did not matter if he was sent to a gulag in Siberia and forced into labor for the rest of his life. His mother was dying. She had not said anything, no doctor had diagnosed her. However, the cough was getting worse, and the conditions in which they lived did not help. Their small apartment was cold, and she would go to the factory to work and come back to the same stiffness in the evening. The only thing warm she was allotted was probably the hot kasha she got for lunch. Sometimes, he wanted to save a couple of crackers from his own meal, but he knew that it would not make much difference; they were not much more nutritious. He was seventeen, and he hated the world he was born into. He realized that adolescents in other parts of the world might be feeling the same, but would outgrow it one day. But for him, he was just growing into this life, which was predetermined from birth. He was born into a working class family, no connections to the Communist Party, his parents working twelve-hour shifts at the factory. He had two younger siblings, Sasha and Katya, whom he despised. Once his parents were too old or dead, he would become the man of the house and his siblings would become his responsibility as well. He would go to work in a factory, maybe the same one his father was in, contribute to the prosperity of the country, marry, have children, and then die without anyone ever knowing what he really thought. He would never have the chance to outgrow his situation. Unless he took it. He had started seeing Izabella Lebedeva, the only child of an influential Party member with ties to the Kremlin. Maybe one of the few advantages of this life was that public school was for everyone, irrespective of origin. So this was the only time he would have to rise above his station. He used to date Tanya, a nice girl from his neighborhood, but once the plan formed in his mind, he broke up with her and focused on getting Izabella's attention. Iza – as she preferred to be called – was a sweet, shy girl. He could easily see her growing into the perfect Soviet prototype; taking care of the children, seeing to their music and sports classes, holding a degree or job if she wanted to, but always sheltered, always in her golden cage. It was not hard to have her pay attention to him. Even if he thought it was the irony of nature to hide the monster within, he was bestowed by nature with good looks, and he had quickly learnt the subtleties of how to court a girl – it was enough to leave a few of Pushkin's love poems with a rose on her desk, and later on audio cassettes of Joe Dassin's songs. They started by greeting each other more often, then asking random questions about homework, and now they were at the point where he was waiting for her to finish classes to walk her home. It was only a couple of blocks away, but those were the moments they had for themselves – if he was lucky, they would stop in a nearby park, and she would go on the swings while he would simply watch her, like today. She started opening more about herself. She was raised by her grandmother at her dacha until she started school, as was the custom with working parents. Her summers were a dream, made out of wife's tales, braided hair and running through the woods. She always felt a bit lonely as most of the children around her did not share the same interests, being countryside folk, but she found refuge in reading the classics, her favorites, Russian and French alike. Edgar could not help but smile at the thought of the little-ponytailed girl wandering in the fields, while he remembered his own childhood, in a cramped apartment with paper-thin walls, where he didn't have any moment of privacy. He wondered whom he pitied in the end and what a normal childhood was in the world they were living. "Is there something on your mind? You seem far away." Iza noticed. He hoped she was doing it because she cared. "Not more than usual," he replied smirking. "How was your class?" "Modern technology? Oh, I do not really understand those things… Today they were talking about the first expedition on the Moon, and how the USSR made it possible. I believe it is impressive, but I am more interested in humanities. I mean, in books, anything is possible…" and with her eyes shining, he knew she actually meant it. He was smiling – he had started teaching himself English through smuggled books, and he knew about the American landing on the Moon, but he would not dare correct her. That would be a serious allegation against the Holy Mother, and one that would not be passed as coming from a naïve child. Iza interrupted his thoughts: "… would you?" "Excuse me, Iza; I am afraid I got lost in my thoughts again." She laughed sweetly. She was average looking, brown-eyed with brown hair, but when she smiled; she looked so precious and fragile. Maybe in another time and place, he could have fallen in love with her. "I said if you could travel into space would you, and where would you go?" Iza asked with her big innocent eyes. Edgar flinched. For a moment, he did not know how to respond. He saw the earnest and genuine look of curiosity emanating from the girl, but he also knew it could be a landmine, and he could become vulnerable in the future if he were to open up about his real feelings. He could not tell her that he would jump on an airplane and just move to the other side of the Earth, where people were free to speak their minds. He could not afford to cave in, and he just hoped she did not catch on to his hesitation: "Going into space is not really my thing. I prefer trains and boats, there is so much of our country that I have not seen and want to explore." "Oh, I think I would like to go to other planets, and meet their populations, and try to understand their culture and convince them that we are good. On ne voit bien qu'avec le coeur, l'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux. " "So you like the Little Prince ? I'm impressed." "Edgar, I'm impressed you've been paying attention to your French literature classes!" They just smiled at each other, and as they continued their way back to her place, they held hands for the first time. This was his chance! Edgar knew he should contain his excitement, but it was impossible. His mother had died a couple of months ago, and as his father was left to drink his sorrows away, Edgar was the one to have to piece everything back and make it functional. He was twenty, he started working at the factory to help his family out, but still taking evening classes in the hopes, he could graduate with a technical diploma and be able to get a better job and support his father and siblings. It was all about survival. The only light in the darkness had been his ongoing friendship with Izabella. For some reason, she had stayed with him through it all. She had started University and was studying to become an Art teacher, so maybe her emotional side made her stay by his side. There were no church bells that would ring shortly, and their relationship had not gone further than chaste kisses and hand holding. Edgar understood that there was a class divide between them, and as much as he could pretend to be the hard-working compassionate and responsible man, it would never be enough for Izabella's father, Gen. Lebedev. Therefore, he was taken aback by Izabella's proposal – her father was willing to sponsor them a tour holiday in Eastern Germany. The first time Izabella mentioned it, he imagined it was a test, a trap to see how he would react, but he could not hide his eagerness. She must have interpreted his response as interest in trying to heal after his mother's death. He had not cried or complained to Izabella, instead, brooding and keeping everything inside, which made him seem more serious than usual. They were on their way to her place to discuss everything further with her father. Edgar had visited Izabella's place a couple of times, always with her parents present, and although it was not eccentric or particularly ostentatious, it did emanate class and comfort. Although there had been a time when he despised Izabella for not standing up to her parents and indulging herself in this life, he could almost forgive her now that he saw it. There were certain standards imposed on her as well. "Edgar, a pleasure to see you! How is the job at the factory? I heard nice things about you ... that you've improved production about twenty percent thanks to your ideas. I think those physics classes in school weren't wasted on you", he said with a pointed look to Izabella. She blushed. "I must say if you weren't so responsible I could not entrust my daughter to you. I think this trip will be good for you to see the world, then return to our beloved country and make it prosper even more," he said as he poured Edgar shots of vodka, winking. Edgar could read the hidden messages in the speech. Although it seemed as if he would be in charge of Izabella, they were going with a tour guide who would hold onto their passports and report every move back to the center. Edgar was not seen as a future husband for Izabella, but a responsible friend. He was a good cause – the orphan boy, struggling; the one whom the Party supported. One they took from his humble origins to show him the world and could one day rise to be part of the system and make it even more successful. The smart thing would have been for Edgar to follow instructions and return to the USSR with a renewed sense of patriotism and desire to contribute to the prosperity of the system. Then, after having strengthened his position, he could try to leave without taking too many chances. However, he was also known to be hasty and impulsive and lunge at the first opportunity, maybe a sign of his deprived background. He could not wait for another chance, although that might have been his safest bet. He had to take advantage of this opportunity, and not return from the trip. "What are you thinking about?" Izabella asked as soon as they landed in Berlin. It was breathtaking. Edgar was thinking of The Wall, of how on the other side of it, people who spoke the same language could actually voice their mind. He could not tell her that he was thinking of how hard it would be to climb over it. He just smiled: "I never imagined I would leave the USSR, that is all." She laughed: "That's right, I remember you don't like flying much," and then they continued their schedule. They would visit several factories in the next several days, and Edgar asked a lot of questions and even took notes, pretending to be interested in the new