Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Charlotte, North Carolina, 1933. "Please, sir, if we could just have a bit more time." My father is a proud man, not one to plead, but the desperation is evident in his voice. "But there is no more time, Mr. Swan. Your debt is substantial already. I believe I was quite clear in my letter to you." I narrow my eyes at the tone of his voice, cool and businesslike, perhaps even a little bored. Sitting behind his ostentatious desk in his fine three-piece suit, twirling a silver pen, Mr. Cullen is the picture of wealth. His dark hair is neat and pomaded, his face like that of the film stars I've seen on black and white posters—a handsome devil, but a devil no less. His eyes drift to mine, and I quickly look down, embarrassed I've been caught staring at him. "My wife's sick," Father says, looking for sympathy where I'm certain none is to be found. "I'm sure the harvest will be good this year. My sons are hard workers." "You have sons?" There's a hint of interest in his voice now. "Yes, sir—five of 'em." "Strong and healthy?" "Yes." "And yet you've brought your daughter here today. Why? Surely finances are a man's affair." I press my lips together, willing myself not to speak. "I . . . I ain't so good with numbers. My oldest boys don't seem to have a head for it neither." "And she does?" Mr. Cullen asks. I feel his eyes on me again. He's hardly stopped looking at me since we came into his office. It's unsettling. "Yes," my father says softly. "Isabella's real smart." "Is she now? Very well, Miss Swan. Convince me." I look up, clutching my hands in my lap and hoping my voice won't shake too much when I answer. I'm not used to speaking with men of authority, and I know how important it is I make him see logic. "Mr. Cullen, you haven't been in this bank long, but if you check your father's records, you'll see that mine has always paid his debt. He's an honest man, but we've fallen on hard times, just as everyone else in the county. If you take our house and land, you'd have to rent it to someone else to make a profit." He nods slowly, twirling his pen. "Well, who's to say the new tenants would do any better than we would? We're all hardworking people. Our family has been on that plot for three generations. We care about the property, about the land. It's . . . our home." "Spoken like a true Irishwoman," Mr. Cullen teases. "Your family is from Ireland, correct?" "Yes," my father answers for me. "I don't see what that's got to do with anythin'. We're proud to be Irish-American." Mr. Cullen holds up his hands. "I meant no offense. I'm of Irish descent myself." "Oh." My father relaxes visibly. "Catholic?" Mr. Cullen enquires. "Yes." His eyes move to me, looking me up and down. "Mr. Swan, how old is your daughter?" "Isabella's nineteen, sir. Why?" He ignores the question. "Is she a virgin?" I gasp, feeling as though the air has been sucked from the room. "Now you listen here!" My father is on his feet, fists clenched. Mr. Cullen is still seated, a hint of a smile playing on his lips. "Again, I meant no offense. Please, sit down, Mr. Swan." "My Isabella's a good girl. She ain't never been with no man." "That's good, and I believe you. Now sit down, or I'll expect you and your family off the land tomorrow." My father's face pales, and he slumps back into his seat, beads of perspiration on his wrinkled forehead. I pour him a glass of water from the carafe on the table, my hands shaking. Mr. Cullen watches us as I offer my father the water, giving his hand a reassuring squeeze. "You're a good daughter, Miss Swan. There's nothing you wouldn't do for your parents. Am I right?" "Y-yes," I say, doing my best to ignore the dread I feel building inside me. He turns to my father. "Mr. Swan, I'll sell you the land. It will be yours, forever and always." My father looks bewildered. "But, sir, we ain't got no money." "No, but you do have something of value. I want your daughter." There's a ringing in my ears and the feeling of my father's hand squeezing mine to the point of pain. He isn't moving or saying a word, too shocked to react. "You can't buy me!" I exclaim, finding my voice. "No," he says calmly. "But I can marry you." "M-marry me?" I try to comprehend it but find that I can't. Mr. Cullen leans back in his chair, carelessly dropping his expensive pen on the desk before he steeples his fingers. "I find myself in need of a wife." He shrugs. "Well, an heir, as it were, and therefore a wife. I believe Isabella will suit my needs quite nicely." Finally, my father speaks up. "But, sir, we are common folk. Surely, you'll be wantin' someone of your own station." Mr. Cullen waves his hand dismissively. "Society ladies bore me. There's also the slight complication that none of them would marry me. You are, as you say, common folk, but I've been told my reputation precedes me." My father's face reddens. "What reputation?" I whisper. "That ain't for your ears," he says in a stern voice, closing the subject. "As I said," Mr. Cullen continues, "Isabella will suit me well. She is of marriageable age, Irish Catholic—my mother will insist on that— from a strong stock with healthy sons, and . . . not unpleasant to look at." Praise indeed. I barely suppress a sneer. The audacity of this man! I wait for my father to refuse him his bold suggestion. "You'd treat her well?" he whispers. What? "Father!" "Like a queen," Mr. Cullen says silkily. "She'll live a life of luxury. I'll have my heir. And you'll have your land free and clear. Everyone wins." I don't! "Father, please! You can't consider this!" He turns to me, his eyes wet. "What choice do we got? Your mama won't survive it if we end up destitute. You'll be a society lady." "I'd be a brood mare!" I cry. "What a charming description." Mr. Cullen chuckles. "Albeit not entirely incorrect, one draped in silks and damask, however. Tell me, how is that worse than marrying some country oaf one day and having his children, raising them to know hunger and hardship?" "I . . . I . . ." "That's what I thought. Mr. Swan, do we have a deal?" "You promise me you'll be good to her?" "I promise. She'll want for nothing." "Very well," my father whispers, his shoulders slumped. I stare at the two of them, disbelieving. I always knew I'd get married some day. I don't want to be a burden to my parents, and venturing out on my own with no money and little formal education isn't an option for a young woman of my station. But not like this. Not married to a complete stranger! "And what say you, Isabella?" Mr. Cullen asks. I stare at him, weighing my options, already knowing I don't have any. I nod, sealing my fate. "Splendid," he says, rising to his feet. "I'll have one of the clerks prepare the documents immediately. If you'll excuse me." I watch as he leaves his office, his stride confident. The moment he's gone, my father bows forward, burying his face in his hands, his shoulders shaking. "I'm so sorry, Isabella," he croaks. "So very sorry." I've never seen my father cry, not once, and the sight stirs my emotions, replacing my anger with pity. "There was no choice," I whisper. "We would have been thrown out. And Mother . . ." I choke back a sob, placing my hand on his back. "He . . . he will treat you right—or so help me God." My father turns his head to look at me, eyes red-rimmed and watery but also determined. I have no doubt he means it. If Mr. Cullen treats me badly, he'll likely be facing the deadly end of my father's shotgun. "I know, Father." "You're a good girl, Isabella, smart and kind. You're too good for our way of life—I always thought so. Always regretted I couldn't give you more schoolin'. You'll be a real fancy lady now." I don't want to be a fancy lady. I don't want to marry Mr. Cullen. But I produce a smile for my father's sake. Mr. Cullen returns, documents in hand and a look of smug satisfaction on his face. Everything is arranged quickly and efficiently. Mr. Cullen will apply for a marriage license and take care of any expenses concerning the wedding, including a dress for me. There will be a small luncheon after the ceremony. Mr. Cullen doesn't want a big wedding and neither do I although no one asks my opinion on the matter. It's as though I've ceased to exist. I listen mutely as they decide my future for me, feeling strangely numb. I stand when my father does, following him to the door, my feet moving of their own volition. "Isabella." I blink and look up at Mr. Cullen. His gaze sweeps over me, from my face to my body, the tip of his tongue peeking out as he moistens his lower lip. "I'll see you at the wedding." I nod, averting my eyes as I trail after my father out of the bank, not speaking as we begin the long and bumpy ride home to the farm, the farm that's now ours, bought and paid for with my body. I barely make it out of my seat before I'm vomiting on the side of the road. A short two weeks later, my father gives me away in front of our family and closest acquaintances. I can't recall all of the details of my wedding day. The dress is lovely, though, as are the flowers that I clutch in my sweaty hands. Mr. Cullen is dressed finely in a suit. He's hired a photographer who takes many pictures of the two of us. When I ask why, he simply replies they're for his mother, who isn't attending our wedding. His side of the church is less crowded than mine, and I tremble as he presses his lips against mine for a brief moment at the end of the ceremony. My first kiss. My mother starts to weep—not, I'm certain, from happiness. It's still light out as we reach his home, a large townhouse in the middle of the city. I look up in surprise as we reach our destination, barely remembering how we got here. Mr. Cullen opens the door for me and offers me his hand as I exit the vehicle. My first ride in an automobile. I'll have to tell my brothers what it was like when I see them again. When will I see them again? I lose my footing, startling as Mr. Cullen lifts me up into his arms with no effort at all. "It's tradition," he murmurs, carrying me over the threshold before setting me down gently. Inside, a small group of servants and cooks are lined up, eager to congratulate us. I'm told their names and occupations but have a hard time retaining the information, their faces blurring before my eyes. "Are you hungry?" Mr. Cullen asks. I shake my head. "This way, then." I take his offered arm and follow him upstairs into a light and airy bedroom, beautifully and femininely decorated with floral patterns and a large canopy bed. "Your room." "M-mine alone?" "Yes. I'm across the hall. There's an adjoining bathroom in there, also just for you." He points to a door,