Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. October 1990 I wake to muddled sounds coming from the television. Blinking several times, my old cataract-filled eyes focus on the large block screen that sits encased in a wooden entertainment center. My great, great grandsons were so excited when they purchased the monstrosity. There's also a VCR, something called a Nintendo and a Sega. I honestly have no idea what they are, but all the younger children love that their old, great, great grandmother has entertainment for them. I let out a chuckle as I focus on the classic film A Kiss for Cinderella. I first saw that picture sixty-five years ago. I was only seventeen, so innocent and happy in my life, knowing nothing of the world out there. Tears fall as I watch Cinderella, and I remember a man, the most beautiful man I've ever seen, not even the scar on his right cheek took that away. Sometimes I remember his face as clear as day, other days my old mind can't recall him clearly at all. It's almost like a dream from a long time ago, another life that a different person lived. Images from days past, a life that doesn't seem as if it was ever my own, filter through my mind. I remember warm hugs and a full belly. I remember the woman who took care of me as if I were her very own: Momma Bessie. My heart aches as I remember a girl so beautiful that she turned every head when she entered a room. I remember running across a busy Chicago street trying to catch her. My sister, Rosie. I haven't thought her name in years. The pain is always so fresh in my heart, too painful for me to bear even for a second. One particular night changed our lives forever. The night I met Edward Masen. September 1925 The cool night air dances against my skin as I follow Rosie through the busy streets of Chicago. My heart is pounding in my ears, and I know something is going to change tonight. "I'm not sure about this!" I yell at my older sister, for what seems to be the hundredth time. She sways her hips, crossing the street as men follow her with their eyes. She's asking for trouble in her red flapper dress with swinging fringe and matching ruby red lipstick. Her short blonde hair is slicked down in waves from the hair silk that she leisurely applied. "Bella, it's fine. Trust me. This is my one chance to get out on my own. Mr. Masen is going to make me a star! I'm tired of Momma Bessie ruling my life. She's not even related to us!" she says with more attitude than Momma Bessie deserves. The woman is a saint and the only momma we've ever known. She raised our real momma, Renee, and then moved in to help when Rosie was born and never left ... even when Renee ran off with some low life. My father drank himself into a stupor after that, and then he left, too. He moved down the street with a girl a few years older than Rosie. He brings money every month, but other than that he don't say nothing to us. Momma Bessie is the only parent we've ever known. Sometimes her rules are a little strict, but I've never had a problem following them. Although Momma Bessie calls me an easy child, Rosie and her friend Jessica calls me a bluenose ... they say I'm a killjoy. My sister, at eighteen, has cut her hair off and deemed herself a flapper. Her and Momma Bessie constantly argue about her behavior and disdain for the rules we've grown up with. Rosie ignores her and plays her jazz extra loud on our radio-phonograph. She goes out to petting parties where she kisses a different boy every night. She's becoming a vamp if ever I've seen one. Rosie walks toward a closed candy shop. It's completely black inside with large lollipops and rolls of licorice sitting in the window. She turns down the dark alley, and I run to catch up with her, not sure that it's safe. I follow her to a shabby looking wooden door that seems as if it leads to nowhere. Her knock is strong as she makes one final adjustment to her bubs to ensure they're practically falling out of the tight red dress. The small trap window slides back to reveal a pair of dark eyes. He stares at Rosie, ignoring me, as I stand insignificantly behind her. I reach up to nervously tug on my hair as I usually do, but remember Momma let me cut it into a bob for my birthday. I'm dressed in my favorite red and white admiral shirt that makes me look like a sailor, with my black pleated skirt that comes past my knees. My red stockings are pulled up to my thighs, and my Mary Jane shoes are so shiny you can see your reflection in them. I was doing my homework when Rosie came rushing from our room insisting we leave. Momma Bessie was at a revival and wouldn't return until the morning. Church revivals go on for the entire week, and they praise the Lord all night long. Momma says it's a party for Jesus. "Password," the large dark eyes demand. "Monkey rum," Rosie says, steady and sure like always. The door opens to reveal a dark hallway, and I hold my breath when Rosie sashays in. I go to follow, but the big beefy arms of the man stop me. "Go home, little girl. You don't want noth'in to do with what's in dere," he says, his voice deep and scary. "She goes where I go." Rosie's voice is stern and doesn't contain a drop of fear. His eyes roam down Rosie's body hungrily, and he nods his head in the direction of a set of dark stairs. Rosie starts walking, but I hesitate for a beat, my heart pounding like a drum at Sunday morning worship. Each step sends my nerves into a tailspin, and I feel like someone has walked over my grave, as Momma says. Rosie disappears through a doorway covered in beads. I stand on the other side, hearing loud voices and music like I've never heard before. Something is going to change when I walk through that entrance ... I don't know how I know, but I know. I don't like change. I like my life. I like that Momma has breakfast made every morning when I wake up. I like that Angie and I walk to school every day gossiping like old ladies. I like when Rosie does my hair and lets me wear her lipstick. I like seeing Charlie drive by every day at eight in his police boiler. My life is just fine. If I walk through those fancy beads something's gonna change. The vibration from the music and dancers course through me from the other side of the doorway. This is the type of place Momma tells us 'good' girls don't go; the type of place where you forget yourself and lose your breaches. "Come on, Bella." Rosie peeks her head in and calls after me. With one, last deep breath; I walk across the threshold and into… Chaos. The small basement is busting at the seams with loud music and people enjoying themselves as if it's their last days on earth. Smoke fills my nostrils, and I start coughing, not used to the smell. Momma doesn't allow none of that nonsense in her house. It's really Charlie's house that he bought for Renee when they first married. He said he didn't want anything to do with it, so he paid the notes for Momma Bessie. The basement appears small with so many people in it. Tables draped in fancy white tablecloths line the room; a stage with a full jazz band and a beautiful colored singer entertains. Her voice is mesmerizing. Its rich, baritone-like sound moves over me and touches me in my very bones. The long bar is crowded with people and liquor seems to flow freely. My mouth drops, knowing it's illegal. It's been six years since the Volstead Act passed, banning alcohol. I was a little girl then, but Momma Bessie said that no good could come out of it because people always find a way to do illegal things. The men are wearing three-piece suits, some with fedoras or else their hair has been slicked back. I've never seen anything like this in all my life. Women walk around half dressed as men grab at them. The dance floor is crowded with people moving together in the most sinful ways. I want to look away but I can't. My heart feels as if it's going to beat out of my chest at any second. Rosie grabs me by the arm, pulling me across the room. I bump into a few people trying to keep up with her. Rosie comes to a stop, and I stumble into her back as she stands with her hands on her hips. Peeping around her shoulder, I see three men sitting in a booth. "You got some balls ... I didn't think you would show. Take a load off," one of them says, and Rosie slides real close to him trying to make enough room for me. I play with my fingers as the one in the middle eyes me up and down. The smoke from his fag is like a halo over his head. His piercing green eyes don't leave me, and I shuffle from foot to foot not used to a man looking at me like this, as if he's staring into my very soul; like he wants something from me, something I don't know if I can give. "What's your name, Baby Cakes?" His voice is like honey, and my body aches in places I had no idea existed. "This is my little sister. She's just with me because I can't leave her alone-" He cuts Rosie off, his eyes roaming my body. "She don't look little to me. How old are you, Baby Cakes?" he asks. My body stirs under his gaze, my heart thumping wildly as if it wants out of my chest. A thousand times, I've heard Momma Bessie say I wasn't a little girl anymore. She made sure I dressed right because my bubs were just as large as Rosie's, my behind was round and firm. I dress modestly because I see how the other sex acts toward a girl who shows too much. "Seventeen," I whisper. He doesn't need to know that my birthday was just last week. Momma made me a chocolate cake. Angie came over, and we danced around the front parlor until our sides hurt and sweat was running down our backs. It was the single best day of my life. Until now. "Come ere." He motions with his head. I look around the table, not knowing where I would sit as the three men and now Rosie take up the entire booth. He nudges the curly headed man with boyish good looks. The curly headed man moves without saying a word, leaving a place for me next to the most handsome boy—no—man—I've ever seen. My body starts moving on its own. I have no control over myself. I reach him; up close he's even more magnificent. The boys at my school can't compare to him. Not even Michael Newton or Jacob Black, who Angie and me thought were the hotsy-totsies, but they're nothing compared to him. His eyes meet mine, the green so profound that I think I'm in my own personal forest surrounded by trees. His hair is slicked back; the color looks dark, but it's hard to tell. I can see a hint of