Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended . AN: This one-shot was inspired by the 1973 match between Bobby Riggs and Billie Jean King. While many aspects of the story are historically accurate, some events were altered to better fit within the parameters of the plot. One final note, I am not an expert in the area of tennis. If something is stated incorrectly, I apologize in advance. July 1973 After taking one final glance in the mirror, Edward grabbed his hotel key and sprinted out the door. Waiting for the elevator, he checked his watch and groaned. He was running late. "Come on," he muttered, pushing the down button once more as if that would miraculously make the doors open. Normally, he wouldn't worry about showing up late for an event, but his parents flew in for today's match, and he knew they were probably already at the venue. When the elevator dinged signaling its arrival, he stepped inside. Being on the top floor meant having to make stops on the way down, the first being on the twelfth floor where a young blonde entered. She recognized him immediately. Squealing, she asked for his autograph. He rolled his eyes but agreed. As she fished through her purse in search of a pen and paper, she introduced herself. Kelly. Or was it Kimmie? On another night, Edward might have paid closer attention given she was a looker. But he didn't have time for a quick shag tonight, he would be too busy at the awards ceremony and with his parents. The elevator made another stop. The ninth floor. This time a petite brunette slipped inside. "Shoot! I found a pen, but I don't have any paper," the blonde pouted, batting her overly made-up eyes at him. Edward chuckled to himself already knowing where this was headed. These girls were all alike. They wanted the same thing. "That's too bad. Unless … well, I could just sign your hand or something else if you would like," he offered, gaping down to the tight material that strained across her ample breasts. Bingo , he thought, when the girl giggled and began loosening the strings that held the top of her dress together. "You can't be serious! Gimme a break!" Startled, Edward's gaze snapped from the boobfest that was taking place in front of his eyes toward the indignant voice coming from the opposite corner of the confined space. Holy smokes. How could he have overlooked this little piece of perfection, he wondered to himself. She certainly didn't have the rack the blonde did, but Good Lord , those eyes. "Calm down, Kitten," Edward soothed, casting her a wink. "I'm sure Candy here will share her pen, and I can sign yours as soon as I'm finished with—" "It's Kimmie ," the blonde whined, interrupting him. "That's what I said," he continued slowly finishing his signature, his eyes roaming. Turning back to the brunette he asked, "Now, where would you like yours ?" Bella Swan had heard all the rumors about Edward Cullen, and now she had no doubt that they were true. The top-ranked tennis player really was a male chauvinist pig. But holy shit, he also had the most gorgeous face she had ever seen, and Lord have mercy, that hair. Too bad he was such a sexist dick , she mused. As he ogled her, pen in hand, her blood pressure started to rise. His eyes swept over her entire body, lingering an inappropriately long time on her chest and ass. "If you can't decide on a spot, I would be happy to pick one for you," he murmured, leaning in so only she could hear him. His breath was warm against her neck causing her heart to race. "What you can do, is back the fuck up!" she seethed. Whoa. Kitty has claws! Edward marveled before stepping back and lifting his hands up in surrender. "Does your momma know you use that sweet little mouth of yours to say such naughty words?" Before she could respond, the elevator ground to a halt. They had arrived at the lobby. Bella dashed out; that creep wasn't getting another second of her time. Not used to being rejected, Edward began to go after her but froze when a hand clutched his arm. "So, wanna go get a drink?" Long, red talons. It was Candy. He had forgotten all about her once he laid eyes on the brunette. Giving her one of his trademark smiles, he ran his finger down her cheek before consoling, "Listen doll, I really wish I could, but I have someplace I need to be." And with that, he sprinted out into the lobby in hopes of catching one last glimpse of the kitten, but she was gone. "Ladies and gentlemen, the 1973 Alan King Tennis Classic Champion, Edward Cullen." After making his way onto the stage, Edward shook hands with the presenter and accepted his trophy. He gave his routine speech, which consisted of him thanking the tournament sponsor, giving a shout-out to his father for first introducing him to the sport, and expressing love to his mother. And though it pained him to do so, he threw in a few cordial words about his opponent, James Hunter. When he returned to his table, his father stood and patted him on the back while his mother dabbed her damp eyes with an embroidered handkerchief. "Sweetheart, I'm so proud of you!" his mother later gushed during dessert. "And you look so handsome this evening. Is this a new suit?" "Thanks, Mom. And no, this isn't new. As a matter of fact, I think it's the one you got me last Christmas." "Oh, you're right!" she agreed. "Well, it's a perfect fit. Perhaps, we should have another made? Maybe one in powder blue?" "Sure. Sounds good," he replied, not caring one way or another. Clothing wasn't something he gave too much consideration. "So … are you seeing anyone special?" And there it was. Edward knew it was only a matter of time before Esme Cullen brought up her favorite topic of conversation ... his need for a wife. He gave his father a brief glance hoping for some assistance, but Carlisle just shrugged his shoulders in apology before digging back into his Baked Alaska. Traitor. Edward thought before sighing, "I'm not seeing anyone. No time. I'm too busy with the tour for dating." It was the same answer he always gave. He couldn't quite tell his mother the truth. There was no reason for him to make a commitment. He had his housekeeper, Mrs. Cope who kept his home in order and cooked his meals. And the only other thing a woman could provide for him certainly didn't require him pledging his eternal love. Plenty of ladies were willing to accommodate those carnal needs. Hell, just earlier tonight, the blonde in the elevator was all over him. And that kitten. She was more than likely just playing hard to get. Given a few minutes more, he was confident he could have made her purr. Lost in his thoughts, Edward didn't see his agent, Tyler Crowley approach the table. "Edward, man! Congratulations on your victory today! Nice volley in the final set," he greeted, adding with a chortle, "and from the sour expression on his face, it seems like Hunter's still not over losing. Heard he was blaming this loss on faulty shoelaces or something." Though a skilled athlete, James Hunter was known for being a poor loser. His behavior on the court was outrageous as well. Just last month, he had flung his racquet at a net judge for making a call against him. "Yeah, I'm sure that's what caused him to miss that ace on the fifth match point," Edward joked. After sharing a few pleasantries with Edward's parents, Tyler asked his client if he could step away to talk shop. "Sure," Edward replied. As they walked across the room, Tyler asked if he had been told about the newly formed Women's Tennis Association. "I've heard some rumors, but I didn't realize they had become official." Truth be known, he really didn't care. "My friend, they're more than official. They even have their first tournament planned for September." "Well, good for them I guess," Edward acknowledged, not yet clear where this discussion was going. "The reason I brought it up is that I received a disconcerting call last night. The U.S. Open is offering equal prize money to both the men and women winners next month." Equal? That doesn't seem quite right. Men compete for their livelihood. It's only a hobby for the girls. "Well, even though I don't agree with it, it's their money so they can do whatever they choose, I suppose," Edward relented, scrubbing a palm across his face. "Here's the thing, though, the women went out and raised the money themselves. Bristol-Myers or some company donated it. Now there's talk that maybe the men should go out and rally for donations as well." "Are you fucking serious?" Edward hissed. "Not only do we have to break our backs playing and keep up with a grueling schedule, but now we might have to go out and beg for our wages as well?" Stupid women's lib, Edward thought. "These little girls need to get off our courts and go back to the kitchen where they belong." "Oh please, tell me I just misheard you!" Swinging around, Edward stared into the face of the frisky, little brunette from his earlier elevator ride. And just like before, she was livid. "Are you speaking to me, Kitten ?" he smirked, his previous annoyance gone at the sight of her warm, toffee eyes. "You're damn right I'm talking to you! And quit calling me Kitten! I have a name, you sexist jerk!" Afraid they were going to draw unwanted notice, Tyler interrupted them, "Edward and Isabella, I take it you two have met?" Bella shot a flash of contempt toward Edward before replying, "No, not formally, however, I had the unfortunate privilege of sharing an elevator with him earlier this evening." "Then, allow me to do the honors. Isabella Swan, this is Edward Cullen." Looking toward his client, he added, " Edward, Isabella is currently the top-seeded women's tennis player." Is that so? Hmm. The kitten was just full of surprises. And that certainly would account for those shapely legs and that sweet, perky ass. Edward contemplated while giving those particular areas of her body another perusal. Bella seethed. Why did Tyler feel the need to acknowledge that she was the lead women's tennis player? It's not like he pointed out the same about Cullen. She was sick and tired of men and their double standards. "And why didn't you introduce Edward as the top-seeded men's player?" Bella demanded, hands on her hips. "He didn't need to. Everyone already knows. You obviously did," Edward boasted before Tyler had a chance to answer. "You see, people follow men's tennis. Women's … not so much," he shrugged, offering her an apologetic grin. "Now, what can I do for you? Did you change your mind about the autograph?" "You-you…" Never in her life, had anyone gotten under her skin like the asshole in front of her. "Bella," a man appeared, slinging an arm over her shoulder. "I've been searching for you, but it looks like you've been busy." "Hey Jasper," Tyler nodded. "How have you been? Do you know Edward?" "Been doing fantastic, thanks to this lady right here," he said, tugging on a loose hair that had escaped Bella's chignon. "And no, I haven't had the pleasure. Great game today, pal." Pal? Edward scoffed as he scrutinized the man standing before him. He immediately didn't care for him. Sure, he seemed friendly enough and Tyler appeared to be on good terms with him, but why did he have his arm around the kitten?