Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Laid to Rest Prairie, WA, 1893 Goddamn it, I'm gonna be late again! Four months in this town and I ain't been on time but twice. Runnin' across the street, I'm kickin' up the dust as I head toward the church. The first notes of Mrs. Cope on the old piano are playin' as I step through the doors; slippin' into my seat at the last second; much to the dismay of my dear Aunt Esme. "You're late," she whispers into my ear. "Sorry." "You're a mess, too. Forget how to button your shirt?" Lookin' down, I see I am a right mess, buttons all mixed up and in the wrong holes. I'm quick to fix 'em and then I turn my attention back to the music. When it's time to stand and sing, I catch a glimpse of pretty little Bella Swan. She's been looking my way too, 'cause she looks away right quick. And that's fine. Gives me a chance to look her over. She ain't done up like most other girls her age. Her dress is simple, if not a little old-fashioned. The collar looks a little stiff, the lace probably itchy. But, she seems to wear it with pride. Her hair ain't fixed up like the Stanley girls' either. It's all loose and wavy, not twisted on top of her head. I don't think she cares much for these Stanley girls either. I think I heard her a few weeks call them ribbon-headed ninnies. Her and her Pa are arguin' with each other; Bella gettin' an elbow to the side. She straightens up right quick then. Her and her Pa sing along, Charlie stoppin' every now and then to cough into his handkerchief. I'm gettin' the evil eye from Aunt Es, so I know I'm next to get an elbow to the side if I don't start payin' attention too, even if I am twenty years old. She told me when I got to town that if I was gonna act like a kid, she'd treat me like one. Reverend Cheney ain't the most lively speaker, so it's hard to pay much attention without fallin' asleep. And Lord, does he like to talk. Must ramble on for an hour about the virtues we need to have to get into heaven, all the while I'm spyin' Miss Bella thinkin' that we just might have a little bit of heaven right here on earth. When the service is finally over, the congregation spills out into the bright afternoon sun. Polite chitchat and what Uncle Carlisle and Aunt Esme call 'small talk' is made, fake smiles all around. I've been dragged into a discussion about the upcoming plantin' season and what crops might do well this year, and all I can do is watch as the Stanley sisters, Jessica and Lauren, make their way toward Bella. I know they won't be nothin' but trouble, judgin' by the looks on their faces. Watchin' the exchange, I know the moment they've done somethin' to break Bella's spirit, her face fallin' and her shoulders slumipin'. It makes me want to run over and tell her a silly joke just to see her smile again. The few times her and her Pa have eaten a meal with our family I've had the pleasure of makin' her laugh, and nothin's better than seein' that smile. When I see Aunt Esme hoverin' nearby, it makes me feel a little better, knowin' she'll more than likely try to put those two trouble makers in their place. When she swoops in, Miss Bella's face lights right up. "So, you'll be plantin' hay this year, Mr. Swan?" Mr. Newton asks Charlie. "Oh, well that's the plan," he answers noncommittally. "I think I'm gonna plant..." "Edward, dear, won't you join us?" My attention is drawn away by Aunt Esme callin' me over. "Excuse me, gentlemen," I say with a tip of my hat. As I walk over to the group of ladies, Miss Bella is starin' damn near through me. I stand a little straighter, and smirk just a little, too. Even from where I am, Aunt Esme's tryin' to get her attention. As I get closer, I can hear her flustered reply. "I'm sorry, what was that?" she asks, her cheeks tinged pink in embarrassment. Esme just looks amused. "Oh, I was just asking if there were plans for you to go away to school, or to see the big city?" "No, ma'am. Daddy needs me here. It's a big job gettin' the fields planted and harvested. Even when he's hired a couple hands over the last few years, I need to stay and keep the house in order for him." Even if she says she doesn't have plans to go away, there's a wistful look on her face. As I step closer to them, I tip my hat in greeting. "Ladies." Turning my attention away from the beautiful, doe-eyed girl standin' too damn close, I look to the one that called me over. "What can I do for you, Aunt Esme?" "The Stanley girls were just telling me that they were leaving for Chicago this summer. I thought you could talk, seein' how you lived near there most of your life." I wouldn't say that her request is a bother, but the thought of talkin' with the Stanley girls is just about the last thing I wanna do. "Well, I lived just outside the city, but we did get to visit every now and again. I'll answer what I can. What would you like to know?" Lookin' at them, I'd say Miss Bella's given them an apt nickname. The ribbon-headed ninnies look like they've got stars in their eyes, starin' at me like they are; standin' tall and battin' their eyelashes. "Well, just anything, Mr. Cullen. We'll be ever so thankful for any insight you have on Chicago," Lauren rushes out, those eyelashes flutterin' so fast they could lift her right off the ground. "And if you think you'll be returning there, Mr. Cullen," Jessica adds, speaking over her sister. "Well now, Miss Jessica, I know for a fact that I won't be returnin'. There isn't anythin' for me to return to." My thoughts drift to memories of Chicago; standing at my parents' graves, with my hat in hand, and a heavy heart in my chest; the almost two years I spent alone before I decided to try my luck out this way, with my aunt and uncle. My memories are interrupted by Charlie Swan calling out for his daughter, and she wastes no time in sayin' her goodbyes. "I'm sorry, but I need to go," she rushes out. "It was lovely to see you Mrs. Cullen, Jessica, Lauren...Edward," she says, addressing everyone before pausing to make eye contact with me, makin' my heart beat a little faster. Then, she spins on her heel and rushes away. When she's by his side, Charlie bends just a little, whispering in her ear before she links her arm in his, leading him to their wagon. Surprising me, she climbs into the seat and takes the reins. "Now, Edward, why don't you tell these lovely girls what they can look forward to when they get to Chicago," Aunt Esme says, interruptin' my gawkin'. "Sure." Sleeping in the spare room in my aunt and uncle's home has its advantages; being able to grab a midnight snack when the mood strikes me without havin' my hand slapped is one of them. But, havin' my sleep interrupted by the townsfolk bangin' on the front door in the middle of the night is not. "Doc Cullen!" I hear someone hollerin' from outside. The pounding gets faster, more urgent; the yellin' continuing. "Doc!" I'm half-asleep and disoriented, but I manage to stumble my way to the front door. "Hold your horses," I mumble. Grabbin' the doorknob, I'm completely unprepared for the sight before me. "What the hell is goin...? Miss Bella?" "I need Doc. Daddy needs him. He's terrible sick, and he's askin' for him. I'm so sorry for wakin' you all up in the middle of the night, but Daddy needs help," she pleads with me. "No, no, don't worry about that. Come on inside, and I'll get Uncle Carlisle." That's the moment I look down and realize I stumbled my way to the door wearin' only my nightshirt. "I'm so sorry Miss Bell-" "I don't care about that. Just please get your uncle." "Okay, just... Just wait here." With that, I'm off and runnin' up the stairs, takin' two at a time. Poundin' on their bedroom door, I realize this is the first time I've had to wake him in the middle of the night. "Carlisle!" I yell, hopin' he can hear me. Yellin' and poundin' eventually pays off, and the door swings open, my uncle standin' there in a nightshirt of his own. "What's wrong, son?" "Miss Swan's here; says Charlie's real sick and he's askin' for you." "All right, then. If he's asking, then it must be serious. I'll get dressed and be down in a few minutes." He turns, then looks back at me. "Think you could come along? I might need some help." "Yeah, I can do that. I just need a minute to get dressed." Scurryin' back down the stairs, I duck into my room, and throw on the first set of clothes within my reach, which happen to be my brand new Levis; bought just last week for my job at the McCarty's farm. The trousers I brought from Chicago have seen better days. When I finally make it back to the front parlor, Carlisle is there, too; doctor's bag in hand and ready to leave. I grab my coat and hat and join them. "Well, let's not waste any time, then," Carlisle says. "And you're sure you don't want to stay here, Bella? You could wait with Esme?" "No, sir. I'll be comin' along too." When we arrive at the Swan's place, Carlisle asks me to wait outside with Bella, which I don't object to. She's been quiet, not sayin' much, and I know she's scared. Hell, I know the feelin'. All of this is bringin' back memories of watching my parents suffer through the pneumonia that took them back in '91. One quick trip into Chicago for supplies cost my parents their lives, gettin' the flu that was goin' around. The papers said that over four thousand died that year from bronchitis and pneumonia alone and another two thousand from typhoid fever; the city growing too fast to keep the spread of disease under control. "What's takin' them so long?" she asks, sounding irritated. "I don't know, Miss. Bella. I'm sure Carlisle just wants to be thorough. Has he been sick long?" She's quiet, thinkin' over her answer. "Probably longer than he's let on. I know things ain't been right for a while. He's been feelin' poorly for months; started back before the harvest last year, though he'd never tell me. Just watchin' him, I knew somethin' wasn't right." "But he's just too stubborn to tell you?" I ask with a smile. "You could say that. He's a proud man. Him and my momma came here over twenty years ago to stake their claim on this land. He's been tellin' me tales for years of how hard it was to build what we have. But, you should see the pride that shines in his eyes when he tells me about it. It's hard to miss. They took tree-covered land and cleared it, made way for the house he built, and the fields we farm. He turned it into the beautiful place it is today. The rolling hills, prairies, and woods that stretch across the land make it one of the most beautiful I've ever seen. It's no wonder the entire town seems dead set on tryin' to find