Hello! This is my first fic for The Hunger Games Series, but I hope you enjoy! Reviews are greatly appreciated :) All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The author of this fanfiction in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. The distinct smell of new primroses drifts into my second-story window and catches my attention as I wake from a particularly rough slumber. It's been a few weeks since Peeta so thoughtfully planted them on the side of my house below my window. I welcome the smell, thankful for the scent that flushes out that of the bright white roses that occasionally lingers here. I can hear Greasy Sae skittering around the kitchen, most likely preparing a decadent breakfast I don't deserve. I've been meaning to talk to her for a few days now, relieve her of her duties here gently. I suppose I'm perfectly capable of producing my own meals. I'm in a strange limbo these days. Not willing to kill myself, not really willing to do anything else. I have been hunting again, adding a small sense of normalcy to my life. But it's strange, the more I pull myself together, the worse the nightmares get. It's as if there is a direct link between my mental stability and the nature of my dreams. Last night's was different from the usual nightmares that plague me. It wasn't the seemingly endless line of loved ones burying my body in ashes. Rather, the dream contained only loved one last night. In the same hospital room from District Thirteen was Peeta. He and I were separated by the thick glass in the observation room. Morphling drip connected to his vein, he was tied to a flimsy, metal folding chair in front of a television screen. From a door on the other side of the room entered President Snow carrying a jar and a remote. Snow set the jar on a tray next to Peeta, then turned to face the outdated television. He pressed play on the remote, and a montage of scenes began to play, beginning with press coverage from the Seventy-Fourth Hunger Games. Puzzled, I turned my attention back to Snow, who had begun to twist open the jar next to Peeta. He took a pair of tweezers, and finally lifted the jar open all the way, releasing a soft buzzing sound. By the time I saw the gold body of an adult tracker jacker, my mind made the connection. I was not watching Peeta heal—which is hard enough—I was watching the hijacking take place. I immediately began to bang on the glass, screaming at Snow to stop before he could ruin the boy in front of me. The boy who risked his life for me, and I risked mine for in return. Peeta turned to the glass for a moment, though he couldn't see me on the other side, desperately trying to save his life like I usually do. Or was I trying to save my own? President Snow followed Peeta's gaze, snickering because he knew exactly who was witnessing the event. With a patronizing wink at me, Snow stuck the tracker jacker stinger into Peeta's arm. " No!" I screeched, making even more of a ruckus than I was before. Peeta was too lost in the footage in front of him to hear me this time. I watched helplessly as Peeta's perception of me changed. I was not the girl in the red plaid dress from grade school. I was not the girl whom he saved with his generous bread donation. Instead, I was his enemy. I was the girl who tried to kill him (ironically) with the tracker jacker nest in the Hunger Games. I was a murderer, a mutt. My cries of horror in the dream melted into similarly pathetic ones in real life. I awoke, throat raw from screaming, and panting like I'd run a marathon. My cold sheets eventually soothed me into a dreamless, exhausted sleep. Though I know a certain pair of arms would have done the trick much better. A distant knock pulls me out my mind for a brief moment. I hop off the bed and throw on some flannel pajama pants and a t-shirt before heading down the stairs. I half-expect the ruined boy from my dream to be there in front of me as I open the front door. But of course not. We haven't had a decent conversation since he planted the primrose bush. Why would he initiate contact now? Instead, I'm greeted by Haymitch. "Since when do you knock?" I ask, voice still hoarse from the screaming last night. "Since I'm sober enough to remember," he replies, annoyed. I pull open the door, and gesture for him to come in, no other greeting needed. It's been quite a while since I've talked to Haymitch. But it seems like since we have returned to Twelve, he has been avoiding conversation—maybe even human contact entirely—more than ever. Not that I'm one to condemn solitude. We've all been alone more than usual since our return. I kind of like it that way. No one to feign happiness for. Though, I suppose if I would answer Dr. Aurelius's phone calls, he would probably urge me to reach out to the only loved ones I have left. But I probably never will answer his phone calls. I take a seat next to Haymitch at the kitchen table. He looks uncomfortable. I attribute that to the lack of soothing alcohol in his system. "Why are you sober?" I ask, only adding to the uncomfortable atmosphere in the room. "I'm not always plastered, you know. I can make it a few hours without a drink," he says defensively. Of course Haymitch isn't going to reveal the reasoning behind his presence when I ask. He will wait until he feels like telling me, most likely after there is a warm meal sitting in his protruding stomach. Following my prediction almost exactly, Haymitch leans back in his chair after eating a delicious breakfast of eggs, sausage, and bacon, and lets out a sigh. "There is a reason I'm here." I let out a small laugh. "I know." Suddenly, butterflies start in my stomach. Whatever he's here for, it cannot be good. If it was good, he would have celebrated with a new bottle of alcohol. The lack of alcohol on his breath is alarming. "Plutarch is here in Twelve." The statement is simple enough but the butterflies linger, sure there is more to follow. When Haymitch doesn't continue, I grow even more worried. For a man so quick to throw me a sarcastic remark, he is having an awfully hard time putting the words together to tell me what he needs to. "You know about how he planned on that new television show? The singing one? Yeah, well that one bombed. The critics hated it, and the ratings sucked. They pulled it off the air after only four or five shows." I only stared at Haymitch while he rambled on about the history of Plutarch's short-lived television show. If I weren't so preoccupied with figuring out what this had to do with his presence here, I would have kicked him out by now. Probably given him some money for new alcohol. He's not doing so well without it. "Plutarch is actually in town for a new television series." Haymitch doesn't continue, but rather fumbles with his hands in his lap. Suddenly, my mind makes a connection. "It's about me, isn't it? The new series." Haymitch hesitates. "Well, sort of…" I wait patiently, wondering how this could get any worse. "It's about you and Peeta." Oh. That's how. I left Greasy Sae alone in the kitchen with the excuse of going hunting. Haymitch had let himself out earlier while I sat there stunned at his words. As I lay in the soft grass of the Meadow, Haymitch's explanation comes back to me. A fire begins to rage in me. It burns at my insides, but it feels good too. I haven't felt that fire in a long time. " It would probably be best to at least let him talk to you. But I'm not forcing you into anything," he explained, too cowardly to look me in the eye. Hell no, you're not! I wanted to scream at him. But my mind was reeling, too overwhelmed to make a connection with my mouth. I sat there, jaw dropped and completely unmoving. " Plutarch will most likely come over here tomorrow anyway. He'll probably bring a camera crew to scope out the place. I just thought you should know." We sat there for a moment in silence, as I digested his words and he waited for me to respond. After an extended amount of uncomfortable silence, Haymitch let himself out, most likely understanding I wouldn't be responding to him. I shouldn't be angry at Haymitch. He had even sobered up for me. But the fire burns within, a fiery rage that is a refreshing change from the numbness I've become accustomed to. I rip grass from its roots, slamming my fists to the Meadow floor with unrestrained force. It wasn't supposed to be like this! Peeta and I have been completely balanced in the past few months. He bakes, I hunt. Simple as that. It's only for our own good that we stay out of each other's hair for now. We are equally volatile; Peeta with his flashbacks, me with my nightmares and lingering grief. I'm holding him an arm's length away. He's still next door, baking his bread. I'm allowed to think of him. Maybe even talk to him once in a while. But I'm careful not to ruin the balance between us. If I'm being honest, I think about him more someone who is still grieving the losses of so many people. Maybe he thinks of me too. Maybe sometimes he sees me through the eyes of the old Peeta. The Peeta that didn't want to hurt me. The Peeta that just wanted me to love him back. It's ironic, really, how our roles have reversed. I flop down on the ground, lying under a tree. Is that what this is now? Love? Do I love Peeta? Yes, of course. I've always loved Peeta. I just don't know how I love Peeta. We're not even friends. Somehow, we always seem to skip friendship. From acquaintances to "star-crossed lovers." And now we're stuck in between. Not strangers, not friends, not acquaintances, not lovers. I let out a frustrated sigh. So where does that leave me? In the same position Peeta has been in for years? I suppose I deserve that. I deserve the same unrequited love. I lift myself off the ground and begin my short trek back to my home in the Victor's Village. I didn't even bother to catch anything. The sun is almost set now. I must have been in the woods longer than I thought. When I reach my house, the lights are still off. Surely Greasy Sae is here, preparing dinner? I enter my house and immediately regret not catching anything when I don't hear Sae's familiar light footsteps in the kitchen. I suddenly become worried. Has something happened to her? Did I offend her by leaving without helping her to clean up after breakfast this morning? I hesitate before reaching for the phone. I don't use the damn thing unless I have to. But if there is ever a time to use the phone it's now. "She's not coming tonight. I told her she could have the night off. I said I would cook for you," says a familiar voice from behind me. I whip around at the sound, clapping my hand over my mouth to hold back a surprised screech. Standing behind me with a basket in hand is the object of