Tempus Fugit - Chapter 1 **(Just Re-Edited) ** AN: This is my first time publishing a story on this site, though I've been writing for myself for a while. In an effort to learn to write a series, I am turning to the best way possible way I can think to practice… HP fan fiction ! Tempus Fugit is the first book of my series, and the big precursor to my later stories, it lays the groundwork for my AU theme. That being said, I will be straying from the series for the sake of my story but I've tried to stay as close to possible to the books and movies as possible. Thanks so much for reading! Disclaimer: I own nothing. All the characters belong to J K Rowling. December 06, 1985: Mellingham, England: Hermione Granger The rented moving truck shuttered and clunked noisily as it pulled up the steep incline that led into the eastern border of Mellingham. As if to solidify the day in their memories forever, it had begun to snow, a rarity so close to the ocean. The cab windows, long past steamed over, had made driving a nightmare for her father (Dr. Richard Hugo Granger), whom hadn't driven in over a decade thanks to the close proximity of work and school to their previous home in Downtown London. Mindful of his daughters comfort, Rich had worked out a system during the lengthy commute, which consisted of cracking the windows at intervals, and wiping the moisture from the interior surface of the glass with a hand towel at stop signs and red lights in order to keep them clear. Hermione wiped a circle clean, on her own window with her sleeve, than stuck her nose up to the glass. "Wow, it's really dumping!" She said in joyful wonder, for the snow was now nearly a foot deep, and was still coming down in buckets. Rich smiled indulgently at his daughter then loosened up his grasp on the steering wheel, the color returned to his knuckles as he did so. He'd been gripping the wheel too tightly and sitting forward off the seat. Hermione gave him an encouraging smile and he sat back as though he was acting completely normal. Even at the young age of six Hermione could sympathize that it was probably more then a little stressful for him to be driving in inclement weather, let alone with his only child in the truck beside him. Hermione left him to driving. Her mother (Dr. Jean Rose Granger) had been very clear with her before they'd left. She was not to distract him. With her mothers words in mind she turned back to her window and reaffixed her nose to the glass, taking in the town that would be her new home. She distracted herself from speaking by watching the massive flakes fall and thinking about what the people would be like at her new school. The small town of Mellingham had at one point been bustling and thriving community, but the closure of the steel mill at the start of the 1970's had put the city at a stopper. With the drastic drop in employment, the population had dwindled rapidly leaving the city with a rather barren look to it. Now a mix of new and old buildings, (some falling down and some half way built), Mellingham had become more or less a junction between the larger cities to the South and East, and the small Villages to the North. Further, it had more highway connections then landmarks, and her new home was located on a road under one. "Well, here we are." Rich announced at long last as they pulled up to the curb outside a sorry looking building. Both of them leaned forward and peered out the windows aghast before moving. "Not exactly rustically vintage…" Rich muttered more to himself then his daughter, he was quoting the brokers remarks of course, Hermione had heard nothing but broker remarks for weeks! Looking up at the hard reality, she couldn't trust herself to speak. The two-story brick building was in obvious need of repairs, and looked to have been abandoned a number of years ago. All of the windows on the first floor had been completely boarded up and were furthermore covered heavily in Graffiti.Having lived in a cramped one room flat in the college district of London all her life her standards weren't high, but this place… Another of her mother's phrases came to mind, "if haven't got anything nice to say, say nothing at all!" Hermione chewed on her tongue and mentally zipped her lips. The father daughter pair climbed out of the truck and out onto the weather. The cold now seemed entirely suitable for this situation, and they moved in an unspoken synchrony up onto the sidewalk to stand before their new home thoroughly stunned. As if to drive in the direness of their situation just a little harder a loud honk followed by the sound of swerving tires echoed down the alley from the overpass above. In the snow the sounds magnified and Hermione half expected a car to come flying through the barrier and fall to the street before them. As it were, no such accident occurred, but she wondered if her parents would change their minds if it had. Rich wrapped an arm about Hermione and pulled her into his side, than he let out a long measured breath. Usually an exhale like that was followed up by a countdown from ten to one, but Hermione assumed he did it mentally because it was about ten seconds later when he spoke. "It's not paradise, but once we've got the place restored it will be sharp enough." Rich rubbed her arms in an effort to stop her shivering. "C'est la vie," Hermione said to him, squeezing his hand. Her mother said it a lot. "It's life", in other words. It was something her father had picked up quickly despite his difficulties in learning his wives native tongue. Hermione on the other hand was already fluent, having grown up in a bilingual household. "Say las vey," he returned causing them both to laugh from his botched attempt at French. Warmed by the silly exchange, the pair turned in a circle to give the other buildings on the road deeper consideration. With the exception of a homely looking deli across the street, the other homes and buildings looked to be in a similar state of disrepair. More then a handful had broken windows, and had been boarded from the inside or else covered with old trash bags to keep in the heat. The deli, (the towns saving grace), must have just baked bread though because the air was perfumed with a sweet delectable smell that, coupled with the sight of the pristine white blanket now settled upon them in excess, softened the blow of the new digs just enough to calm them. It was crazy, how snow could make beaten down Mellingham look all right! "Hard to think this was all forest land about 80 years ago." Her father informed her a moment later, his ability to look on the bright side always impressed her. He crossed back to the truck and wrenched the cabbie door open, then climbed in briefly to retrieve the keys for the back. Hermione wrapped her arms about herself tightly as she watched him. "Mom's here." She called to him as she spotted her mothers car rounding the corner at the end of the road. Her father turned and nodded, before rolling up the back. Hermione wondered if he was attempting to unload before her mom saw the place so she couldn't run in the other direction screaming. Her mother pulled in right behind them, the old sedan (their first car since high school) whining loudly until the engine was shut off. Jean gave her daughter the same placating smile her father had as she waved from the front window of the car. Hermione bit her cheek and smiled back. It wasn't easy for her parents. As she understood it, she had been an utter surprise to them and they'd put themselves through dental school on their own while raising her. Owning their own practice was a dream they'd built their lives around so no matter how much of a dump this place seemed to be, Hermione reminded herself to keep her judgments to herself. This seemingly simple task became even more difficult as they entered the dusty old dental office. Normally, painfully conservative, her parents had taken their first real risk as adults and had bought this place sight unseen for a steal of a deal owing to the fact there had once been a murder on the premises. Once Hermione had gotten wind of that gem of a detail her father had assured her no hauntings had ever been reported, and it would be a perfect place for a pair of recent graduates to start up their practice . "Get in while the rent is low and rebuild it in time for the next boom," her father had said. Her mom had backed him up by adding that the office and apartment combo had been a godsend to find and, "when things line up, the time is right." Resigned to her new home she followed her parents up the front steps to the door. The Broker had nailed the sold sign right to it, bridging the gap between the two heavy doors. It took a fair amount of effort to pry the board free without the proper tools and then to push open the front doors once they'd managed to unlock them. As though the building was trying to discourage them from entering it all together as the doors came open at last dust rained down on them in a cloud, and stuck to their faces. Hermione coughed several times, and her mother waved her arms in an attempt to clear the air, the effect of which caused all three Grangers to sneeze. "There's another entry via the alley, but I think we'll use this for the most part… once we've fixed the door that is…" her dad the optimist excused. Since the windows were boarded up, the main room was pitch dark save the light spilling in through the doorway. Her dad retrieved a torch from the truck and in it's light Hermione could also make out the outlines of dental stations long since abandoned. There also appeared to be a waiting area, a reception desk, an office, and several doors along the back wall which she assumed would lead to examination or file rooms, and a loo. "Well, its got that antique appeal going for it alright." Jean said dryly. Hermione watched her mothers words leave her mouth in little steamy puffs. Inwardly she just hoped the place had a heater that still worked, it was freezing! "Nostalgia Dentistry. That has a ring to it." Her dad. Hermione smirked and bit her tongue again. She noted that their boots had knocked snow onto the hardwoods, and made mud of the dust as they walked. She wondered if cleaning this dump would truly make it any better. "Granger et Granger Nostalgia Dental, Ces't Bon." "G.G.N.D." Hermione was grinning now despite herself, because no matter what happened, they were in it together, like The Three Musketeers. "Of course we'll need to update some of it immediately, but it's better then buying some of this from scratch!" Her mom said to her taking the opportunity to rub her back affectionately. "So how do we get up stairs?" Hermione asked, hoping the apartment would be in better shape then the office level. The stairwell, they found after a lengthy search by torch-light, hidden behind a door that made it appear to be just another closet. It was the last of a cluster of mystery doors they opened tucked into the far left corner of the