Game of Love Author's note: Edward and Bella do not belong to me, they are SM's. However Goonerward is all mine ;-) Chapter 1 "Gather up and shut up!" You couldn't mistake the bellowing voice even if you tried. That was Charlie Swan, our manager and this was him being polite. When Charlie spoke people listened unless they were feeling brave. "There are some announcements. Firstly as you all know today is Felix's last day as your physio because he is going to work with the England medical team. So as it is his last day give him hell. That's and order! Secondly, your new physio is starting tomorrow before the weekend game. Be nice. Enough said. Now get back to your laps you lazy bastards." Charlie had a big heart but he had a big fight to go with it. You only messed with Charlie if you were suicidal because when it came to the game, he was a tough motherfucker. You couldn't really blame Charlie; I guess you need to be tough when you're managing a team of world class footballers for one of the biggest teams in the country. Arsenal FC. "Cullen!" Charlie shouted over to me. "Yes boss?" "I want you to work on taking corners today and your free kicks. Also try working on your runs on the right and through the middle. I need you to be on fire on Saturday. It's going to be tough for you to make a break; they'll be on the defensive and will close in on you from the starting whistle." "Sure thing boss." I called Charlie 'boss' on the pitch and in the changing room because he is the boss and he knows his shit. Training was tough. We were playing West Bromwich Albion on Saturday and it would be difficult because we liked to attack and they liked to defend and hold us back. The team worked on various plays, strategies and set pieces. After training a few of us headed to the canteen to get a snack. I got some chicken pasta and sat down with Ben Cheney a central midfielder, Eric Yorkie who plays in defence and Mike Newton the number one goalie. We were flicking through the tabloids to see what they had written about our upcoming game when Mike threw his paper at me. "They've done a bio on you because they think you'll be the hottest thing on the pitch." He laughed while trying not to choke on his food. I looked at the paper to see what they had written. I didn't hold much hope because it was always the same old rubbish. ' Edward Cullen, who earns £75 k a week, aged only 23. Arsenal's top striker with 6 goals under his belt with only 3 Premier League games played so far this season. Edward rose to fame working his way up through the Arsenal youth academy, this is why he remains at Arsenal rather than moving to the likes of Chelsea where he could double his salary. He is one of the best strikers in the country or even the world. Cullen is very quick on the ball, he moves so fast you could miss him in the blink of an eye. Typically he is a right footed player, but manager Charlie Swan has ensured that his skills on the left foot have improved considerably. Cullen is favourite to score first in Saturday's game we can only pray for the West Brom's defence and hope he doesn't hurt them too badly.' I threw the paper back to Mike. "Where do they get this stuff from?" "At least they kept it to the game and didn't mention your personals." "Not that you have much of a personal life anymore." Quipped Eric. "I have a personal life; I'm just not shagging a different chick every night." I corrected him. "I'm tired of all the one night stands, the girls throwing themselves at me; they're just looking for their fifteen seconds of fame and have no respect for themselves or anyone else. I want to meet a nice girl that I could seriously make a go of it with, someone interested in me and not the fame that comes with me." "Cullen you sure you aren't turning gay on us? Cos that was some serious flowery shit you just came out with." Mike quipped. "Quite being a dick Newton." I grinned over at him. The banter was what made this team so strong. XXX As soon as I was done at the training ground I headed to my parents house out in Essex for dinner. With the away game this weekend and the mid week champions league game next week, I won't have the chance to see them again before next Sunday. Mum made Italiano spaghetti bolognese with garlic bread. I loved her cooking, she had a magic touch. I don't know where she gets the energy from. She's a primary school teacher and how she comes home and makes a slap up meal I would never know. I spent an afternoon with the kids at her school and was exhausted; she spends all day with them alone! "Mum, how are you?" I said hugging her, I didn't see enough of her and that bothered me. "I'm good my dear and how are you? "It's good, prepped for Saturday's game. We're travelling up tomorrow afternoon with the new physio." "Is Felix leaving? Do you know who is replacing him?" "No idea mum, Charlie has kept it a secret. I mean quiet enough that even the press haven't even got a sniff of who the new arrival is." "I'm sure Charlie has got you boys the best, he wouldn't let anyone near you if he didn't think they were up to it." My mum knew Charlie well; she had spent enough time grilling him about her son's future. Surprisingly Charlie never raised an eyebrow and answered all her questions without any fuss or grumble. I rang dad to see how long it would be before he was home. Mum had said he was finishing at the surgery at six today so he could be home in time for the family dinner. He said he would be home in ten minutes and that I had better keep my hands off the food! "Mum where's Alice?" Alice was my crazy but loveable younger sister. She was surprisingly tiny in a family full of tall people, but her short spiky black hair and big mouth made up for the height shortage. She had just started an internship at a fashion company as her dream was to be a huge fashion designer. "She should be home soon. Can you set the table while we wait for Carlisle and your sister?" "Yeah sure mum." Dinner was great, mum did herself proud. I caught up with dad and how his surgery was going, he was so dedicated and his patients adored him. I suspected it had something to do with his bright blue eyes and blonde hair. I heard all about Alice's internship and what work she's doing for some fashion show. "Edward have you sorted my ticket out for the Juventus game?" "Yes, and you've reminded me that I need to give it to you today. It's in my jacket I'll just go and get it." "Edward you're the best big brother ever! I can't wait to come to the game and check out all the hot, sexy Italian players. Would you be able to introduce me to any of them?" She jumped up and down as she squealed with excitement. "Alice I am not hooking you up with guys!" The thought of my baby sister with a guy made me feel sick. I didn't even wanna think about that shit. "Edward don't be mean." She pouted. "Alice you're my sister, I love you but I'm not hooking you up with guys. I don't even wanna know that you like guys and all that shizzle." I handed her the ticket. She was going to be sitting in one of the corporate boxes; I hoped that would keep her out of trouble. XXX The next morning I headed over to our Stadium to meet the lads and the new physio before getting the coach to West Brom. As we were leaving our cars at the stadium I decided to drive my Audi TT I didn't mind leaving that behind as I still wasn't ready to leave my Aston Martin unattended anywhere except in my garage. I had my huge sports bag stuffed with my overnight stuff, boots and training gear thrown over my shoulder as I walked to our changing room. I wondered who our new physio would be, there hadn't been any leaks of info; even the tabloids hadn't managed to figure out who it was. I guess whoever it is going to be would be one of the best; they wouldn't put us in the hands of someone who didn't know what he was doing. As I neared the changing room I could hear various voices...wait ... was that a girl's voice? Nah it couldn't have been, there's no way Charlie would let a chick into our changing room. Get a grip Cullen; it's been a while but still . I pushed open the door too be faced with long brown hair cascading down a small curvy back, the hair falling just above the hottest arse I had ever set eyes on. My breathe hitched in my throat as I drank in the sexy sight in front of me. I stood frozen on the spot, I think someone called out to me but I wasn't listening, I was concentrating on breathing. Whoever this beautiful being was I had to see her face because I was in danger of falling in love. Then it happened, as I stepped further into the room, she turned around. Her deep chocolate brown eyes knocked me for six! And that smile, with those luscious plump rosy lips, my heart starting racing and I suddenly felt really hot. She held her hand out to me, my bag dropped to the floor from my shoulder but I didn't care. What was happening to me? "Hi Edward! I'm Isabella Swan but call me Bella." I stood there staring at her hand; I couldn't form any words or make my hand move forward. "Edward?" She was looking at me a little confused. I couldn't get over the fact that my name sounded so good coming out of her mouth. Her gentle voice caressed my name; I could listen to her calling me forever. Was that a blush creeping into her cheeks? She's waiting for you to respond you fool! My conscience scolded me. "Bella." I loved the way her name wrapped around my tongue as if I was born to call her. "Are you okay Edward? You don't look too good." "I'm okay; don't you think it's a bit hot in here?" Who is she? What is she doing in here? How does she know my name? Most people know your name dumbass. "Bella!" I heard the chief shout over to us. "Edward, I see you've met Bella the new physio!" WTF! "Our new physio?" I couldn't believe it. "Yeah Edward, this is Bella she's taking over from Felix." Then it registered...Swan. "Bella Swan?" This couldn't be a coincidence could it? Then her accent registered in my clouded brain, how many Swan's were there in North London with an American accent? Charlie laughed, "Bella is my daughter; she's moved to England to join me and Renee and will be working as the new physio." Well there you go... I am royally fucked! The new physio is not only making me twitch down below just by saying my name but she is Charlie's daughter. XXX I sat on the team bus as far away from Bella as possible, even hearing her voice while she spoke to