Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings or any of Tolkien's work. Rose and Leigh are, however, intellectual properties of mine, and do belong to me. Author's Note: This is a sequel to my other story, Walking Proof that Karma's Important . I strongly suggest reading the other story before reading this, but you guys are pretty smart, so I'm sure you can figure things out even if you don't read the other story. This chapter starts off where the last chapter of the other story left off. 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o I sat up, wanting desperately to rub my butt. I didn't think I'd broken my tailbone, but it hurt like no other. The woman sitting before me was currently leaning back in her chair, rubbing her forehead with one hand in what I can only describe as the Picard Facepalm, and muttering something about never getting a freaking break. Although "freaking" wasn't the word she used. I studied the pretty woman as I took in my surroundings, judging her to be in her very early twenties. She was a tiny little thing - I believe petite is politically correct term - dressed in a light blue medieval dress, though clearly some sort of nobility. A mass of shoulder length, light brown curls surrounded a sweetheart face and startling ice blue eyes. Eyes that were regarding me with something akin to bemusement, as studied me with one eyebrow raised. "Where am I," I asked tentatively this time. My last question, what had happened, had gone unanswered. "Do you speak English," I tried, eliciting a sigh from the woman. Right, I had just heard her muttering in it. I smiled apologetically. "You're in Middle Earth. More specifically, you are in Minas Tirith, and you are sitting on my latest project," she said evenly. "Do you mind?" "Oh, sorry," I said apologetically as I climbed off the desk, careful not to disturb anything. "Who are you? And how did I get here? And, come to think of it, how are you being so calm? I just landed on your desk, for goodness sake!" She sighed. "If they're going to start making a habit of this, they could at least make a brochure or something," she muttered under her breath. "My name is Rose Franklin. You are in Middle Earth. As in, Tolkien's Lord of the Rings Middle Earth. I don't actually know how you got here, but I can hazard a guess, since I came here under similar circumstances. I'm from the 21st century as well, the year 2006. You're safe here," she reassured me, but my mind was already racing ahead. "Wait, has Frodo left the Shire yet," I asked, wondering if that was the possible reason I had been yanked from my lab. I had a basic working knowledge of the Lord of the Rings story, but I had always been more of a Star Trek junky. The woman sighed again. "The Ring has already been destroyed, Aragorn regained the throne, et cetera, et cetera, ditto, ditto, so on and so forth," she said, waving her hand dismissively. "Be thankful you missed that. Actually, how are YOU so calm," she asked, frowning at me accusingly. "Panicking won't accomplish anything," I said unruffled. "Only logic will. So how did I get here, since you said you had an idea?" "How much do you know about Middle Earth," she asked. Seeing the look on my face, she smiled. "Don't worry. It's actually better that way, I think. People won't get freaked out that you know their fates and everything. Ok, so in Middle Earth, they have a pantheon of Gods, sort of like the Greeks. At the top," she held her hand up, "you have Eru Illuvatar, who is their equivalent of Zeus, and is a complete prick. Seriously, I've met him. Utter jerk. I've met him twice, and have no desire to do so again—" "Rose," I interrupted, trying to get the kid back on topic. "Right. Sorry. Well, when I first came to Middle Earth, he told me that I had to save Boromir. Since I accomplished that pretty well, I think, I have no actual idea WHY you are here, but I imagine the 'how' is the same." I eyed her doubtfully. "So you're telling me a fictional god from a piece of literature brought me into said piece of literature at the end of the story," I summarized dubiously. The eyebrow went up again, and she spread her hands to encompass the room. "You're here, aren't you?" I had no clever logical retort for that, and she knew it. "I know it's hard to accept. I couldn't believe it either, when I first came here. It's a lot to swallow, believe me. But at least you have someone who went through it and can help you. I had to fly blind for a long time." I frowned, but she had a point. "I thought that Middle Earth didn't use English," I said, my mind running through a growing list of questions as the logical scientist in me took over. She shrugged again. "They don't. They speak Westron and various forms of Elvish. When I came to Middle Earth, the knowledge was already in my head, so I never had to worry about it. I assume you'll be the same way. For me, it's like flipping a switch in my head." I frowned and tried to imagine flipping a switch. "Am I still speaking English," I tried doubtfully. She frowned in disappointment. "Yes, still English. Maybe you have to try speaking to someone who doesn't speak English first in order to get the hang of it. The real question is why you are here." "I don't know. I was working in the lab, and suddenly the fire suppression system went off, and my project got wet…"I trailed off, realizing what must have happened. I sat down hard on the desk. "I was working on a theoretical teleportation device and it got wet. It must have shorted out or something." The woman snorted. "A teleportation device? Seriously? That's more unbelievable than you being dragged into Middle Earth." I stood and glared at her. "I got my Ph.D. in theoretical physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and my project was funded by NASA and CERN. I can assure you that the theory of teleportation is based in science and that it is entirely possible, even if we don't have the technology yet." She looked suitably impressed at my credentials, and held up her hands in surrender. "Alright, alright. Rein it in, Miss Righteous Indignation. I'll take your word for it. Heck, it would even explain it. Assuming that's the answer to 'how' and 'why', what do you suggest we do next? I don't see you carrying the device with you." She had me there, because I had absolutely no idea where to go from here. After a moment of silence, she stood and put her hand reassuringly on my shoulder. "Look, what's your name?" "Dr. Leigh Stanton." "Then, Leigh, we probably won't find the answer right this second, and that's alright. We'll work together, and find a way to send you home. This is a world of magic, so there's every reason to be hopeful," she said, smiling up at me reassuringly. "Right now, let's get you into something more practical, before you freak out my servants." "What's wrong with what I'm wearing," I said self consciously. I was wearing a t-shirt, jeans, and a lab coat. What was wrong with that? She sent me a dry 'are you serious' look. "Really? From a scientist. Check me out." She waved a hand to encompass her long dress. "I didn't exactly come here in this either, but the people here have a thing against women in pants. Trust me; it's been the bane of my existence." I shrugged and followed her up the stairs to what appeared to be her bedroom. She was kind enough to lend me one of her gowns, claiming that it was too long for her anyway, and I disappeared behind a screen to change. "There are wizards in this world, right," I called as I slipped the dress over my head. It was a little tight, since the younger woman was so small, but it wasn't indecent and I could move, so it was good enough for me. "One of them is called Gandalf or something, I believe? Can't he just send me back," I said as I came out. She nodded approvingly at me. "Good color for you. It brings out your green eyes. And yes, Gandalf is in this world, even in Minas Tirith, but no, he probably won't be able to send you back. At least, they never suggested it with me. But hey, no reason not to ask," she said with a shrug. "Besides, Gandalf wasn't as powerful then as he is now, and Galadriel is here, too. Who knows?" She led me through Minas Tirith, and I did my best to not let my jaw drop at the beautiful city. Even though it was obviously undergoing repairs, it was absolutely breathtaking, with all its gleaming white stone. Rose smiled as she caught me gaping. "I did the same thing when I saw it for the first time, too." "They definitely don't have anything like this in our world," I commented. We stopped as we reached a gate guarded by two intimidating soldiers with a white tree on their armor and rather large swords at their hips. I couldn't help raising my eyebrows in surprise when they saluted the small woman. "Lady Rose, you are welcome in the Citadel, but I cannot let your guest through." "Rian, she is under my protection, and therefore under the protection of the Steward," she said, surprising me with the authority in her voice. "You will let us pass." The guard clearly wavered, and I could see the gears turning in her head as she switched tactics. "I'm surprised to see you back so soon after the birth. How is Falathwe? Was it a girl or boy?" The guard beamed. "She is well. She gave birth to a strapping son. We have named him Rianwe." Rose clapped him on the shoulder and laughed. "Good man. I bet he'll end up just as handsome as his father," she said with a wink. She began to walk past the guards, adding, "I will make sure to pay your wife and son a visit when they are rested." I followed her through the gates and up to a wide clearing, looking at her with new eyes. "That was well done," I complimented. "What's a Steward?" "If you understood what we said, then it seems you can understand Common," she observed. "The Steward is sort of like the Prime Minister or Vice President, I suppose. He's the second in command and the High King's right hand. The current one is also my husband." I frowned. "But you are so young." She smiled. "Boromir is 42, and I'm 18. We're an unlikely pair, true, but when you go through what we've gone through together, age ceases to be relevant." "That's pretty old for a medieval man," I commented, wondering if I was being led by a gold-digger. "This isn't medieval Europe," she pointed out. "Many of these people are descended from elves and other races known for longevity. My brother –in-law, Faramir, will live to be 120. It's entirely likely that my husband will outlive me." I shrugged, realizing that it was none of my business anyway. "Where are we?" I asked instead, as I took in a flowering white tree in the middle of a courtyard that overlooked a sea of planes and a mountain range in the distance. "We are in the Tower of Ecthelion, and are about to enter the Throne Room," she replied, nodding at the guards standing before a large set of doors. They opened the doors