To anyone on the outside, Bella Swan was incredibly, blatantly and extraordinarily, ordinary. She had nothing interesting to tell people about herself. Bella led a simple life with her mother and her new step-father in Phoenix, Arizona. She was in 11th grade at high school, was a straight-B student and her hobbies included reading and cooking. She had no remarkable achievements to her name and when people asked her about herself, she drew a blank. After all, there was nothing to tell. But note, that although she had nothing extraordinary to tell about herself, she had a rather extraordinary secret. Bella viewed herself as average-looking. With her pale skin, chocolate brown eyes, and lips that were a little too full for her slim jawline, she knew she wasn't beautiful, but she knew she wasn't repulsive either. Bella pulled all of her tangled dark chestnut hair over her shoulder. Although she didn't know it herself – it was a nervous habit of hers. Sitting on the front porch, she rested her elbow on her knew and her face in her palm. She watched as her mother loaded up the car with her luggage. Her mother volunteered to load the car, so she didn't feel the obligation to help, nor would she have offered anyway. Today was Bella's last day in Phoenix. It'll be good to see Dad . Bella had chanted this in her head for such a long time that the words have almost lost all meaning. Bella and her father, Charlie, did not have a close relationship. Bella was a result of two young teenagers in love and a drunken night in Vegas. She was only three months old when her parents split. To his face, she was unsure whether to call him 'Dad' or 'Charlie', because he had never been an important enough part of her life for him to be considered a father figure to her. Of course, he called her every few months to see what she was up to (topics include: school and visiting Forks, his hometown). Bella never blamed Charlie for their lack of a father-daughter relationship as it was her mother who took her away from the gloomy, wet and grey town of Forks when she was so young. She doesn't blame her mother, either. To Bella, this is what her life is and always has been; she accepts that. Renee, Bella's mother, had recently married a minor league baseball player, Phil. Phil is a nice guy and she couldn't picture anyone better suited for her mother than him. As they were newlyweds, she felt that she was intruding in a way just by living with them. She felt out of sync with them and felt that they needed their 'honeymoon' period before they were ready to get back to their normal dynamic. It was Bella's idea to move to Forks in the first place - to give Phil and her mother the space a couple needs. However, Bella's mother misconstrued Bella's notion to go to Forks– Renee thought that Bella wanted to spend an entire school year with Charlie, and so, organised for Phil and herself to tour America in the hopes of finding Phil a job. So, Bella's stay in Forks became a long-term stay, rather than the short-term that she had anticipated. Whilst Bella loathed the idea of spending an entire school year in Forks, with her father whom she hardly had a relationship with, she saw how happy and excited her mother was when she organised the trip. Phil was excited, too. Bella spent a lot of her life making other people happy, which was one of her most honourable qualities. But, in making others happy, Bella often sacrificed her own contentment. This was the case in this situation. It was a sunny day in Phoenix, Arizona. Bella was glad for this – it meant that her last day would be one filled with sun; something she was going to be lacking for the next few months. As she sat on the porch, she tried to soak up as much sun as possible. She would miss the sun the most. Forks featured warm (but not hot) summers and cool (but not cold) winters, meaning that the average weather all-year-round was fairly consistent. It rains over 200 days a year. In the hot months of the year, it is described as wet, but not as wet as the winter months. For most, the rain would not be a problem. For Bella it was a huge issue that contributed highly to her distaste for Forks. Bella has held onto a secret since she was 9 years old. Bella is a mermaid. "Phil, could you please give me a hand?" Renee called out. She was struggling to lift a suitcase. Bella didn't offer to help; she was lost in her own world. Bella wished she could go swimming and forget all of her troubles. "Be right out, hun!' Bella wished for only one more day in Phoenix. She wanted to go swimming in Theodore Roosevelt Lake at midnight, or go on a day trip to a beach and swim for hours on end. She wanted to go to the beach and swim to another continent On the plus side, she thought, there will be a lot more water in Forks that I can swim in Bella heard Phil approach the front door. He carried the last of her luggage in one hand and the house keys in the other. He set the suitcase down next to him and locked up the house. Bella knew that this was it; this is the moment that she must leave the sunshine behind and trade it in for rain. The moment where she will leave her mother to live with her father. The moment that she will leave behind her old life for a new one. It's just a few months, Bella, it's just a school year you can do this, she tried to motivate herself to stand up of the front porch and to get into the car, just think of all that swimming The car was now loaded and ready to go to the airport. "You ready, Bella?" Renee asked. She was leaning against the front passenger door of the car. Bella stood up and stretched her arms up to the sky. She looked at the beautiful clear blue day that it was. She wasn't ready to leave this behind… but she knew it was too late now. She also knew that she was flexible – she would try to make this work. She just wanted Renee to be happy. "I am.' She said simply, unsure whether she was convincing at all. As she walked towards the car, Renee took a step towards her and embraced her in a tight, motherly hug. "Bella, I am going to miss you so much." Her voice cracked – she was on the verge of tears. "It's not really for that long. You'll hardly have time to miss me." Bella promised her. She knew her mother was going to have an amazing time on the road. It's something that she has always dreamed of doing. They broke away from each other. "I love you, Bella-" Renee put her hand on Bella's cheek. '-so so much." "I love you, too." Bella felt that now she may cry. She would miss her mum, her home her whole life in Phoenix. Phil was already in the car. He rolled down the window and called out "C'mon guys, you don't want Bella to miss her plane!" Bella and Renee laughed. Phil was right – they were running behind schedule. Bella preferred to be a little late if it meant she had a few more precious moments in the Arizona sun. "He's right, let's go." Renee laughed, opening the car door. Bella got in the back seat and sat quietly as they made their way to the airport. She laughed at the fact that she was wearing a sundress and one of her carry-on item was a coat. The absolute absurdity of the situation was funny to her. And in situations like this, all you can do is laugh. They approached the airport and Bella looked out the window at the life she was leaving behind for the next year. The flight from Phoenix to Seattle was 2 and a half hours. From Seattle, Bella connected to a flight to Forks; a little under an hour. Bella had moved around a lot ever since she was little (she's lived in Forks, California and Portland, before finally settling in in Phoenix when she was 11), so flying was no issue for her. However, the one hour car ride to Charlie's house to the airport was a little worrisome. Charlie and Bella were a lot more alike than what they knew. Aside Bella inheriting his chocolate brown eyes and pale complexion, they both thought they didn't have much in common. But Bella also inherited Charlie's introverted personality. Two introverts in a one hour car ride would a situation filled with awkward silence. The two of them knew that. Bella touched down in Forks a little after midday. To her immense surprise, it was not raining when she landed. See Bella? She told herself It's not so bad. Bella made her way to baggage claim carrying only an empty water bottle – she had put on her coat already – and her phone. She arrived at the conveyer belt and looked around for Charlie. I hope he didn't get the time wrong. Bella felt a twinge of anxiety deep in her stomach. How could he have forgotten? Bella reached for her phone and contemplated calling Charlie. She was waiting for a few minutes and had expected Charlie to have already been waiting for her before she arrived. As she waited she threw out the water bottle, making sure to recycle it. "Bells!" Bella heard an all too familiar voice call out. At the sound of her nickname – one that only her father gave to her – she turned around. Charlie Swan approached Bella, sporting his police uniform. Police Chief Swan, she mused. On the right side of his chest read C. Swan in yellow letters and on his left, the bright yellow forks emblem stood out. What stood out to Bella though, was the fact that he had just come in from outside – and the water on his waterproof police jacket glistened under the artificial light. Although he held an umbrella in his right hand, it was clear that, although dripping wet, it had not been used. In noticing this, Bella realised that it had started raining in the few minutes that she had been waiting for her luggage to come around. Great she though sarcastically Just great. "Hey Dad." She smiled at Charlie. Over the phone she avoided using the names 'Charlie' or 'Dad', as she didn't know what was appropriate. On the plane Bella decided that 'Dad' would be more appropriate as he was, well, her Dad, and he was letting her stay with him for a whole year. So Charlie became 'Dad'. Although Charlie's expression rearely displayed what he was thinking/feeling, he was so delighted that Bella had called him Dad. "Have you been waiting her for long?" Charlie seemed a mixture of flustered and anxious. "I promise I have been here for a while, but there was a parking violation outside and so-" he babbled on. "Dad, it's fine. I only just got here." It wasn't a lie, but it wasn't exactly the truth either. Bella had been waiting for a few minutes, but she didn't expect to have to be waiting alone, unsure whether Charlie had forgotten about his daughter coming to visit him for the first time in years. "Oh, good." Charlie sighed a sigh of relief. Bella stood behind a small crowd and waited for her luggage to come around. She stared at the unfamiliar bags until