Full Summary; Percy would've barely gotten to see the new cabins before he went missing, but they were all filling up fast; but unfortunately (with so many kids flooding campus) camp half blood starts to look a little more like the oh-so-familiar high school hierarchy, compared with the old friendly competition. And when Percy goes missing, everything only gets worse; yet with all the 'minor' demigods being tagged as the outcasts, its will be them that are called on to save the day - much to everyone's surprise. And it's all because the little mermaid pops up, telling Hypnos' failure of a child that seven demigods must fight for the 'land of further beyond'- what ever that means… From Hecate, an undesirable leader; from Hebe, a professional best friend; from Tyche, a lucky charm; from Nemesis, a supposed balance; from Nike, an arrogant, skilled, attractive, jackass; and from Iris, a navigator and/or all round portal person. All questing blindly to find the mysterious girl in black (so they can stop a few reckless, ancient Naids - who want to take over the world). Oh and, obviously, they only have 10 days (once they've collected 7 magical smarties). And, even better, most of them hate each other - just to put the icing on the cake. What could possibly go wrong… All OC OCxOC DISCLAIMER: (I'm gonna do this now and not at the top of every chapter): I do not own any merchandise, music, etc mentioned in this story! CLAIMER: I do however, own my newly created characters and plot of this story - having copy righted it because I'm just that quirky (however good or bad everything turns out to be); © 2/03/2013 This chapter is more about introductions and hints, but I've tried to make it as readable as possible - it might not make a lot of sense, and some of the characters seem a bit off, but trust me I've tied up every loose end (so it'll get there eventually). Hope you enjoy you wonderful people of fan fiction! :D M... Chapter 1 : The Little Mermaid and the Narcoleptic Ellie POV For a few seconds I was falling, but I'd barely realised before my bare feet smacked into cold hard stone. I opened my eyes, seeing that I'd just silently landed in a huge, square room, glittering with age. The walls and floor around me were dusted with centuries and isolation, masking the full brilliance of the mason's marble work. The precious stones, embedded on the walls and various Godly statues, cried out faintly; and at the centre of the room was a massive, black, engraved, altar. Behind this, stood three fashionable hipsters (bountiful in the non-coconut sense). As my instinct finally kicked in, I sidestepped behind the nearest thickset pillar - hoping the single burning brasier above their heads wouldn't give me away. Deploying my hopeless ninja impression, I peeped out from behind the pillar. Gauging by their fashionably pale hair, matching dresses of green, blue and purple (and the fact that they were dry, yet dripping water) I guessed that they were Naids. All three of them were pouring over what looked like a scrap of brown paper, the youngest (and apparent leader of the three) tapping it thoughtfully with long purple nails - barely listening while the other two addressed her from either side. I caught the scratchy voices of the other two beside her, as they echoed around the large room. "But we've checked everywhere sister-" started the green one, but the purple Naid's cool laugh and her deeper, velvet voice cut her off, "My dear Doris; it doesn't matter where we've looked. We might have already passed it by. And there is little chance of finding what Hades hid away, without knowing what form it takes before hand." The purple nymph smiled for a sour second, then shook her head defiantly, "no, we must wait for them to find it - it's only a matter of time...you have both been sending tasters to both the messenger and the sleeper, haven't you?" 'Doris' nodded proudly, sharing a quick glance of relief with the blue Naid. The purple one's mouth curved upwards, her head readjusting, as she settled her piercing plum coloured eyes on me. My heart leapt into my throat and I threw myself back against the stone pillar, my heart pounding but out of sight, waiting for bare-footed pacing to get closer. But before any of the Naids could make a move, the floor beneath my feet suddenly turned to water. And I fell through an icy blackness, leaving the technicolor water women behind me. The only thing I could make out though the darkness was the tiny square marble tile, fitting itself back into what was now the ceiling, as I fell through nothing, with the wind whipping past my pajamas. My stomach lurched painfully as I felt myself being flung back into my sleepy body. And as the blackness spun out of my head, I recognised that I was back lying on my hard mattress; my heart pounding viciously, and my surroundings blurring into the morning. Familiarity hit me, as my ears tuned back into the blaring punk music, and forced myself to blink back into the world of my cabin mates - who were in the process of going through the morning motions (meaning a whole lot of lumping dark make-up, amulets, and black clothing over their heads). With a few deep breaths I forced my heart to slow down and, after a bloody mental battle, I convinced myself to get up and dressed for breakfast. I put on a pair of shorts, and my camp half blood t-shirt; sliding my old string bag over my head and securing my purple cloak around my neck (which hid the bag from view). Tucking myself out of the way, sitting cross legged on my messy bottom bunk, I quickly checked that no one had nicked anything out of my bag while I slept - but no one paid me any attention anyway (possibly out of respect to dear old Mumsy). Hecate (apparently) wanted her kids to do nothing but work hard - all while she spent her days around graveyards, crossroads, or catching the odd roller coaster around the underworld. Everyone else in my cabin seemed to be proud of this; which was obvious from the whole walking dead trend they all seemed to be following (and all the levels of 'black magic' they spent their days studying - to raise a dead shrew and/or play tricks on the mortals using the mist). They're a lovely lot (if you're blind, deaf, and in-able to feel any emotion/sensation). Me? Well… I wasn't like that, to put simply. I was the only one in the Hecate cabin, who actually wore their orange camp-half blood t-shirt (and owned no black clothes). I was also the weirdo that made their cape purple, instead of black; because, although it was compulsory for Hecate kids to wear a cape, I wasn't fond of Mother's OTT obsession with dark, bleak, and down right depressing colour schemes. In fact, I'm a bit of a hippy; and the flower-power-spirit runs in- no gallops through most of my Dad's side of the family. But it wasn't just the life styles of my cabin mates, that I wasn't that fond of; the whole concept of Hecate's powers just felt wrong for me. Her main talent was necromancy. I think it's probably why she made a beeline for my Dad (who, while leading many save the valley protests, is one of these 'hotlines to heaven' for ghosts and their relatives). But I've just never been interested in anything like that; not now, not ever - I prefer stuff that is still breathing. That said, I'm not exactly a social butterfly; never mind the fact I am the socially awkward penguin (Godling addition), everyone tends to stray away from the Hecate kids - mostly because Hades and Hecate are too chummy, but also because my siblings look like the spawn of the devil (having a seriously bad hair day). That said, I still had one friend, and that was Catie. Sure (being a child of Hebe) it's almost impossible to hate her, but she's one of the only ones who I trust with my secret 'weirdness'. And by 'weirdness' I don't mean liking ketchup sandwiches - I mean commanding the fifth regiment of duracell bunnies. Think about that for a second. Yeah. You heard me. Now I know, that you know, that powers over the natural world isn't that unusual for a demigod; but being a child of shadows, mists plus all things dark and ugly, having flowers spring up behind you when you walk isn't that normal (for anyone who's not Demeter's kid, anyway). It's like being the ultimate hippy; as in the literal queen of queen bees. Don't ask me where its from, not even Chiron can (or will) tell me. But, like anyone with a scrap of brain power, I try to keep it on the down low - so that only Chiron and Catie know. Cause, as I'm told, only kids of the almighty trio are meant to be blessed with my level of awesomeness; and, trust me, there isn't anyone on the planet that has less of right to magical powers then the 15 year old (non-violent) demigod. Someone like...oh I don't know…me? [please use this time to appropriately facepalm at the logic of three crazy grannies knitting the socks of fate]. In summary; I be the commander of mother nature, wearing a (purple) cape, and am apparently pretty powerful. Here comes the down side. Every animal and branch of foliage, on camp grounds, takes it upon itself to await my command when I come within 5 ft of it - meaning we had to have a little chat, so they'll only come when they're called (instead of stalking me around campus)...but we all know how unpredictable dandelions can be. Plus, when you're in the situation of someone trying to be dramatic, and lop your head of with a sword, it kinda kills the atmosphere if all you can hear is the trees holding an intellectual debate. Fast forwards to the outside world, and my pathetic acting skills come into play. For example, when the multiple bands of AristoCats are wondering the school halls, I have to pretend that I'm a cat person when they make a bee-line for me. And what's annoying is that, although I'm fluent in tree, I only get a one way conversation with the animal kingdom. So, while I can order them around, I can't ask any of the animals why they put their lives on hold to find me during algebra - and the trees are too philosophical to give me a straight answer (that a simple minded, ignorant demigod can understand). "Breakfast, s'go!" Shouted Lou Ellen (turning off the music). I looked up as our cabin leader tugged on the door, stalking out into the morning with her cloak flying behind her. I raked my green converse from under my bunk, shoving them on my feet as everyone filed out with their cloaks in tow. Loosely tying the laces of my shoes, I bolted after my cabin mates; making an effort to repress my 'butter-fingers' trait, so I didn't trip over my cloak and then chock/get a mouthful of dewy dirt. I jumped the three steps outside, catching up with everyone in a few paces, and took my place (as the newest cabin member) at the rear of the line of Hecate kids. I sighed with relief, but looking back at the cabin over my shoulder I saw the door still hung open over the steps - something that doesn't please my surprisingly OCD siblings. Swallowing my panic I pushed against the thin air (as discreetly as possible) willing a breeze to swing into the door. Thankfully, the wind was