Decay This is my first attempt at a Hunger Games story. I'd read the books ages ago and saw the movies, which I enjoyed. But after I saw this last movie, I was totally moved by the scene in which Peeta was having a meltdown and Katniss kissed him, making him focus on her. I don't know why I never really paid much attention to the love triangle in the books, but now I'm hooked on it. I re-read the books, watched the movies again and I realized that I'm not happy with how the story just ended in Mockingjay. I feel like more happened between pages 382-388. So this is my story about what happened with Katniss and Peeta. The title of the story is the last stage of a fire. Characterized as the longest stage, but this is when the fire can die. However, there are 2 common dangers that happen in this stage: a new fire can start or a backdraft which is the re-lighting of an old fire. Both are equally dangerous. Each chapter is a fire stage. Hope you enjoy. Chapter 1: Incipient (Ignite) I see him with those scraggly plants, kneeling in the dirt. Evening Primrose, he had said. Prim. Gone. Never to come back. I had stepped up to volunteer to save her from the Games and she's gone anyway. The joke's on me. My mother, lost to us for all those years after my father died. And now, I'm just as lost. Now I understand. I understand wanting to just disappear inside your own head, your own body and never come out. To never come back. Part of me wants to apologize to her. Tell her that I understand now. Peeta is standing up, brushing the dirt from his pants. He seems calm, peaceful even, despite everything that's happened. He looks at me, his blue eyes no longer clouded or confused. "Katniss. When was the last time you ate?" He's looking at me closely, frown lines beginning to appear on his thin face. I don't want him to look at me that way. "I don't…yesterday," I correct, knowing that's probably not true, but at least it's an answer. It doesn't fool him at all. "You should eat something. Do you have anything in your house?" I'm angry. He's only been back two seconds and I'm already being treated like a child. "I've been here for months, Peeta! Of course I have food in my house." I cross my arms in front of me, and I wince when I can feel my ribs through my blouse. The blouse that I've had on for probably two weeks at this point. Come to think of it, I probably look a horrid sight. When was the last time I took a shower, brushed my teeth or even touched my hair? I feel my hand creeping upward to feel it. It's clumped together, knotted, dirty. A mess, just like me. I'm now uncomfortably aware that I've been wearing the same underwear for going on two weeks as well. I'm mortified at the thought. "Well that's great that you have food, but you're supposed to eat it," Peeta says with a smile. I open my mouth to comment on his own thin body frame, but then I decide I don't want to pick a fight. I haven't seen Peeta in months and it hits me how much I've missed him. So I simply say, "Greasy Sae will be by soon. She'll cook something." I hesitate and then add, "You should eat too." Peeta nods. "Okay." I turn and run inside the house. Upstairs in my bathroom, I stare at the girl in the mirror. That girl that was on fire, literally. Blown up in the Capitol by the same bomb that killed Prim. I don't even recognize myself. And even though Greasy Sae and Haymitch have been the only ones who've seen me these last months, I'm embarrassed. Haymitch has seen me looking worse than this, but those were war wounds, not these which have been brought on by my own hand. This? This is me. I did this to me. I can't look anymore. The shower feels like salvation. Washing away my crimes. The clothes I'd taken off reek of the unwashed. Not even when we were starving back in The Seam, was I ever this dirty. My mother would be so ashamed. Prim would…no. Prim doesn't have the ability to be embarrassed. I can't sink back into those thoughts. Peeta's back. Once I'm finally clean and my hair has been washed and detangled, I find some clean clothes. The closet and drawers are full of them. Funny. It seems like I hadn't noticed them at all. I decide to trash the old clothes. Burn them to cinders. By the time I get downstairs I hear Greasy Sae in the kitchen, banging around. She turns when she sees me and then lets out a snort. "He must be back." She turns back to the skillet she's already placed on the stove. There's a pile of meat next to her and some eggs. I flush at her words. "He's coming for breakfast." She looks at me and nods. "Good." Sae didn't stay for breakfast. As soon as she finished her preparation, she wiped her hands on her apron, nodded at me and walked out. I was going to be alone with Peeta. For the first time in months…well really the last time we were alone was in Thirteen, when he was still full on hijacked. How long ago was that? I didn't have time to really think about before there was a knock at the door and Peeta was entering. "Katniss?" He was carrying something in his hands. It smelled delicious. Cheese buns? "Yeah, come in." I went about getting plates out of the cabinets to set the table. It was cheese buns. I couldn't help smiling as he set them in the middle of the table. My appetite returned with a vengeance, and before I knew it, I was gobbling the food down. Peeta watched me with a smirk, but then he too starting eating with gusto. We didn't talk, just ate the good food in a companionable silence. It felt almost normal. But what was normal anymore? Surely nothing would ever be normal again for a former Mockingjay and her tortured fake fiancée. Peeta sat back and groaned while rubbing his stomach. "That was pretty good. Even though I've been eating Capitol food, this still makes me feel at home." "So…how are you? I mean, you must be better if they let you leave." I really didn't want to bring up his torture or the hijackings. That would definitely kill the mood. Peeta gave me a look I couldn't quite read. "I'm better. But, I still have to talk with Dr. Aurelius on a regular basis. Go back to the Capitol for follow-ups, that kind of thing." "Oh," was all I managed to say. God, even after all this time I still can't get words out like I want. Peeta fiddled with his fork and then asked, "How about you? What have you been doing?" "I think you saw me earlier. That's what I've been doing." I get up to begin to clear the table, but Peeta reaches out to touch my hand. I stare down at his fingers, those beautiful hands that can create such beautiful art and cakes. "Are you going to do that again?" He asked quietly. I hesitate for just a second. "No." The light that shines from Peeta's eyes makes me bite my lip and hastily pick up a plate. HG I decide I want to go hunting. I hadn't thought about it in so long. Peeta wants to walk with me into town. He hasn't been here, hasn't really seen what happened to Twelve. The memories are still hazy and distorted, but he at least believes the true version about the fire bombs that destroyed our home. We head into town. There's rubble and burnt out buildings everywhere. The square is full of people on body retrieval. All of those people who were killed in the bombings are still here. Under the snow. I watch as Peeta stops dead in the middle of the street and stares around. Then he moves quickly towards one of the burnt buildings and stands there staring. His hands clench into fists. I look at the building he's fixated on and I realize what this is. The Mellark Bakery. His family's business. Only it's gone. Nothing left but a shell of a building, with burnt walls and shattered glass. Peeta walks slowly up to the husk of his legacy and tentatively moves through the non-existent door. I follow behind him and stand in the open archway. The place is littered with twisted and melted metal, smears of pastries and cakes along the walls and floors, blackened loaves of bread and destroyed shelves and cabinets. "You know there was a time that I didn't want to do this. This family business thing. I mean, I had two older brothers. They could handle it. I just wanted out from under my mother's thumb." The bitterness in Peeta's voice surprises me. I'd never known he hadn't wanted to be a baker. Peeta reached down and picked up a charred piece of bread, burnt to rock hardness. He stared at it. "I burned that bread on purpose. The bread for you. I would've burned down this whole bakery for you, Katniss." He looks at me and laughs, which sounds weird and I frown. He shakes the bread at me. "Guess I got my wish. It all burned down. It all burned for you. Like you said, if you burn, we all burn with you." I'm growing alarmed. Peeta is still shaking the bread. No, his hands are shaking. "Peeta? Are you okay?" Peeta laughs again, high and shrill and I back up a step. "Am I okay? I'm standing in the middle of my dead family's dead bakery and I don't know what to do! What do I do, Katniss? What should I do? You did this! You ended the war, but you started it too! It's on you! This is your fault! My family is dead, Katniss! They're dead and you killed them!" I'm frozen. Peeta is still hijacked. I didn't see this coming. But I guess I should have. I've had months to deal with the death of Prim, which I still haven't recovered from. I haven't even recovered from my father's death and that's been more than ten years now. Peeta's whole family was killed in one fell swoop and this is the first time he's seeing the remains of his former life. Has he even had a moment to process their deaths? Peeta is coming towards me and I need to pay attention to the real danger before me. I have my bow, but I don't want to have to shoot him. "Peeta! It's me! I'm not a Mutt! I didn't do this!" I raise my hands to show I have nothing in them to hurt him. I haven't drawn my bow. "Stay with me, Peeta!" Peeta falters a bit, frowning. "Katniss?" "Yes, Peeta. It's me." I step towards him slowly, not wanting to make sudden moves. "We're in Twelve. The Capitol bombed our home. Snow did this, remember?" I've reached him now and his blue eyes are almost swallowed up by black. I touch him carefully. "Stay with me, Peeta." Peeta grabs my hand and holds it tight. He slams his eyes shut and takes deep breaths. "Always. Always for Katniss. My name is Peeta Mellark. I'm from District Twelve…" "That's good, Peeta. Everything's okay." Peeta takes one more long breath and opens his eyes. I'm relieved to see that the blackness has receded and they look normal again. He blinks a few times and then immediately lets go of my hand. He looks