Chapter One I was so busy looking busy that the ferociously empty day ahead didn't really crash down on me until after I'd watched him drive away. It only took about two minutes of staring at the silent kitchen phone to decide that I wasn't staying home today. I considered my options. I wasn't going to call Jessica. As far as I could tell, Jessica had crossed over to the dark side. I could drive to La Push and get my motorcycle—an appealing thought but for one minor problem: who was going to drive me to the emergency room if I needed it afterward? Or. . . I already had our map and compass in the truck. I was pretty sure I understood the process well enough by now that I wouldn't get lost. Maybe I could eliminate two lines today, putting us ahead of schedule for whenever Jacob decided to honor me with his presence again. I refused to think about how long that might be. Of if it ever would be. I felt a brief twinge of guilt as I realized how Charlie would feel about this, but I ignored it. I just couldn't stay in the house again today. A few minutes later I was on the familiar dirt road that led to nowhere in particular. I had the windows rolled down and I drove as fast as was healthy for my truck, trying to enjoy the wind against my face. It was cloudy, but almost dry—a very nice day, for Forks. Getting started took me longer than it would have taken Jacob. After I parked in the usual spot, I had to spend a good fifteen minutes studying the little needle on the compass face and the markings on the now worn map. When I was reasonably certain I was following the right line of the web, I set off into the woods. The forest was full of life today, all the little creatures enjoying the momentary dryness. Somehow, though, even with the birds chirping and cawing, the insects buzzing noisily around my head, and the occasional scurry of the field mice through the shrubs, the forest seemed creepier today; it reminded me of my most recent nightmare. I knew it was just because I was alone, missing Jacob's carefree whistle and the sound of another pair of feet squishing across the damp ground. The sense of unease grew stronger the deeper I got into the trees. Breathing started to get more difficult—not because of exertion, but because I was having trouble with the stupid hole in my chest again. I kept my arms tight around my torso and tried to banish the ache from my thoughts. I almost turned around, but I hated to waste the effort I'd already expended. The rhythm of my footsteps started to numb my mind and my pain as I trudged on. My breathing evened out eventually, and I was glad I hadn't quit. I was getting better at this bushwalking thing; I could tell I was faster. I didn't realize quite how much more efficiently I was moving. I thought I'd covered maybe four miles, and I wasn't even starting to look around for it yet. And then, with an abruptness that disoriented me, I stepped through a low arch made by two vine maples—pushing past the chest-high ferns—into the meadow. It was the same place, of that I was instantly sure. I'd never seen another clearing so symmetrical. It was as perfectly round as if someone had intentionally created the flawless circle, tearing out the trees but leaving no evidence of that violence in the waving grass. To the east, I could hear the stream bubbling quietly. The place wasn't nearly so stunning without the sunlight, but it was still very beautiful and serene. It was the wrong season for wildflowers; the ground was thick with tall grass that swayed in the light breeze like ripples across a lake. It was the same place . . . but it didn't hold what I had been searching for. The disappointment was nearly as instantaneous as the recognition. I sank down right there where I was, kneeling there at the edge of the clearing, beginning to gasp. What was the point of going any farther? Nothing lingered here. Nothing more than the memories that I could have called back whenever I wanted to, if I was ever willing to endure the corresponding pain—the pain that had me now, had me cold. There was nothing special about this place without him. I wasn't exactly sure what I'd hoped to feel here, but the meadow was empty of atmosphere, empty of everything, just like everywhere else. Just like my nightmares. My head swirled dizzily. At least I'd come alone. I felt a rush of thankfulness as I realized that. If I'd discovered the meadow with Jacob . . . well, there was no way I could have disguised the abyss I was plunging into now. How could I have explained the way I was fracturing into pieces, the way I had to curl into a ball to keep the empty hole from tearing me apart? It was so much better that I didn't have an audience. "What the hell are you doing out here? Do you have a death wish?" a furious voice bellowed at me from the other side of the meadow. I looked up from my position and found a figure charging towards me, crushing the grass under his big, stomping feet. In an act of pre-emptive defense, I straightened up and got ready to run—or my version of running that most would call stumbling. "Well? Do you care at all? Of course, if there's something dangerous within fifteen miles you just have to migrate to it like a God damn magnet! " The closer he got, the better I could make out the features of his angry face. He was one of the boys from the reservation. His russet skin made my heart skip a beat when I matched it to the same shade as Jacob's. Suddenly, I didn't care that he was yelling at me. He stopped about five feet away, breathing like an enraged bull and shaking with an intensity that made me genuinely believe that he was about to burst out of his skin. "Seriously, what the fuck is wrong with you?" he demanded. "It's not like you aren't aware of what kind of danger you're in. We all know about you and the . . ." His voice trailed off and he looked to my face more intently. The deep scowl melted away and the boys chocolaty skin seemed like it physically softened. It was only for a split second—enough time to notice, but not long enough to comment—then an even deeper set of creases etched back into his muscles and a frustrated scream erupted from his mouth, sending me stumbling backwards in surprise. "For fuck's sake! Can't I catch a fucking break? Does every motherfucking thing in this fucking world have to be ten times more fucking difficult for me?" he shouted at the top of his lungs, leaving me to wonder what it was that I'd done to suddenly make things so much more terrible that it warranted that amount of cuss words. Before I realized it, before I even saw a reason to do it, I was crying. I was uncontrollably bawling. Doubled over again as I had been just a couple of minutes ago when this boy had found me. "Fuck, why the fuck are you fucking crying? He's gonna fucking kill me when he sees this. Is it my fault? What the fuck am I saying; of course it's my fault—Paul, the epic fuck up who makes his fucking imprint cry as soon as he fucking meets her. God forbid there be one person in this motherfucking world who doesn't in some bizarre way aggravate me." "I'm sorry," I stammered through my heaving breaths. I felt like a child witnessing an argument; hiding under the table while my parents screamed at each other. That was why I was crying. Only, there was just one of him, and he seemed to be having a very intense internal argument with himself. "What?" he muttered, seemingly just realizing that I was still here. "Oh, no no, it's not your fault, it's just—fuck, I'm such a moron—I'm not sure what to do right now. I'm supposed to get you out of here, but I didn't know this was going to happen. Fuck." I tried to stop my tears, sniffing and wiping them from my eyes, but that just got his attention and before I knew what was happening I was surrounded in warmth and the smell of fresh, salty sweat. Paul—I think I'd heard him call himself that—was hugging me, and for whatever reason, I wasn't stopping him. His warmth felt nice, like Jacob, like the sun that hadn't appeared despite the dryness of this particular day. Beyond the screaming and anger and cussing, Paul was welcoming—a place I wanted to be. The next few minutes were peaceful and almost comfortable. When Paul spoke again, it wasn't at some outrageous volume or consumed with fury. "Where was I?" he asked calmly. "Somewhere between 'fuck' and your own confusion," I answered, mumbling into my shoulder from my position against his chest with my head turned to the right under his chin. His chest vibrated a little as he laughed under his breath. "I'm sorry about that; I have this little issue with control," he apologized. I couldn't decide whether it was sincerity I was hearing in his voice, or just the fact that he wasn't yelling and hadn't said "I'm fucking sorry about that". Either way, I didn't reject or call him out on it. "C'mon, let's get you somewhere safer—before you see something you really don't want to," Paul said decidedly and released me from the pleasant cage of his arms. Oddly, I missed the constriction. It wasn't like being imprisoned, more like being protected. His muscles were so hard and long over his body—reassuring to me in the forest that had been scaring me not too long ago. Now that assurance was gone too, like everything this meadow had ever held for me. When I looked to his face I was surprised to see his dark brown eyes staring back at me already. Did he feel the same yearning for the broken touch I did? "I should probably carry you or something, huh? I saw in—Jacob said you were accident prone," he stammered. The idea of being carried out of here, as if I were an infant incapable of walking, wasn't a very appealing one. It reminded me of how he would carry me around because I wasn't fast enough. . . . I wasn't good enough more like it . . . "I'm fine. I can walk," I told him with a surprising amount of firmness. "That wasn't what I meant," he said as we began walking towards the edge of the clearing. "The question is, should you? " "I don't think you know me well enough to make decisions about my physical capabilities. I can find my own way back, thanks," I muttered bitterly. Who was he to insult me and my legs like that? I made a few longer, quicker strides forward, leaving him behind as I headed back the way I came. I still had the map and the compass, and I could remember—somewhat—the way I came. About five minutes of walking through the forest—stomping to both scare off snakes and express my anger—passed and I allowed myself to slow down. My heart and mind were racing at a hundred miles an hour. This whole day had been so overwhelming from the second I left the house. I should have known better than to hope for a good day—the weather was about as much as I should have taken.