James and Sirius sat at a table in the Gryffindor common room with their heads bent down at the parchment before them as they lazily finished their essays. James finished his conclusion and lied back in his chair, staring out of the window showing a rainy night. The common room was full of other students in a variety of age working on homework. Some fifth-year girls were at the edge of tears as they tried to study for their upcoming O.W.L.s while some seventh-years merely gave up for the night and talked in order to try to calm down for their own exams and ease their nerves. The fireplace roared with light and warmth to ward off the cold and misery of the rain. Sirius finished not long after James and let is parchment dry before rolling it up. He relaxed in his wooden chair and was oblivious of the first-year girls goggling at his handsome features. "Well, that's Potions finished." James said, getting Sirius' attention. "We can probably tackle Charms tomorrow." "Sounds about right." Sirius said and glanced at his watch. "Or, it's only thirty after nine. You fancy trying to get the introduction done tonight?" "Nah," James said with a shake of his messy-haired head. "It'll be easier just to start tomorrow. I'm gonna head for the showers and then go to bed." "Alright." Sirius said and leaned his chair back on its back two legs and rested his neck on his folded hands. "See ya later, then." James gave a nod and went off to prepare for bed. Alone and at peace, Sirius observed the common room, rather bored and sleepy. His other friends, Remus and Peter, were gone. Lupin's mother "was sick" again and he left the day before and Peter was in the library, trying to catch up on work. James and Sirius didn't need books to do well and so they had stayed in the common room to work. As time went by and a few students went off to bed, Sirius noticed a red-headed girl knelt down by the fireplace. He recognized her at once as Lily Evans, the girl that always hung out with the slime-ball from Slytherin. He noticed her holding a letter that must have come during evening post, and she was staring at it, or it looked like it, for her back was towards Sirius. The third-year boy got up and walked over to see hat Lily was doing. As he got closer, he could tell that she was staring at the letter with the most saddened face and he caught her throwing it into the fire and was able to catch a few words before the letter shriveled up into ashes. "Freak… please don't even come home… sincerely Petunia…" "Who's Petunia?" Sirius asked. Lily turned her head to look at who was talking to her and her eyes flashed in dislike. "None of your business, Black." She snapped at him and then turned back to the fireplace to watch the letter burn and the wood crackle. Sirius took a step closer, testing his boundaries, and felt sorry for Lily. They may not be best friends, but he knew that she was a really nice witch and she didn't deserve to have such harsh words thrown at her. "Common, Evans." He said softly. "What's up?" "I said leave it!" Lily yelled at him, not turning again to face him. "Just go away!" As angry she tried to sound, Sirius could tell that she was choking on tears. He carefully sat down on the rug and scooted closer to her, just so he was seating behind her. He sat still for a few minutes, and when Lily didn't yell at him or threaten to hex him, he scooted a little closer; he could almost touch Lily with his crossed legs. Ages past and Sirius slowly worked his way to be on Lily's right and sit by the fire with her. She didn't acknowledge his presence at all and he glanced at her occasionally. When he thought it was worth the risk, Sirius asked cautiously, "Was that Petunia girl your cousin or something?" Lily shook her head. He would figure it out on his own soon, Sirius wasn't stupid, so Lily said quietly, "She's my sister." "Oh." Sirius said and looked into the fire. He knew that it was like to have a family member or two who hated you with every being in their body. His whole family was pure-bloods and had always been in Slytherin House when Sorted, all except for Sirius, who had always been the black sheep of his family. His parents were extremely mad at him and favored his little brother much more than him. "I'm a Muggle-born." Lily admitted out of nowhere; it seemed like she needed to get this out, and even though she loathed Sirius for being so rude and big-headed, he was the only person to talk to. "I know." Sirius pointed out. "My big sister, Petunia, is a Muggle, like my parents." Lily went on. "My parents are very proud and love learning about the wizarding world, but Petunia…" Lily wiped away a stray tear and tried to compose herself. "She hates me… calls me freak… wishes I didn't have to come home…" Silence fell between them while Lily tried to regain control and Sirius wracked his brain of what to say. "I'm sorry, Evans. Really." He added, being sincere about it. "I know how it is. My whole family's Slytherin and haven't been able to look me in the eye since I was Sorted into Gryffindor." "Do you have siblings?" Lily asked. "Yeah, a little brother, Regulas." Sirius said with a shake of his head. "Little git. Believes everything my parents tell him, including that I'm a traitor and a disgrace." "I'm sorry." Lily said in all honesty. "Eh, it's no big deal." Sirius said with a shrug, feeling more sorry for Lily. "I don't see them much anyways. Doesn't matter, really. Besides, I got James and Remus and…" He stopped at the look on Lily's face. "Uh, I mean… look, I know his head's twice as big as a Quaffle, but he's a good mate." "I guess." Lily said, not sounding convinced. "I'm going to bed." She stood and positively marched across the room and up the stairs to go girl's dormitory. Sirius looked in the flames of the fireplace and watched them grow smaller throughout the hour. Finally, a little before eleven, he got together the strength or get up and haul himself and his things out of the common rooms. ~ Lupin had had a very bad day; loads of little things went wrong, like how he spilt potion all over his robes and he had looked like he threw up on himself, he, James and Sirius had all gotten detention from another idea of fun from the two mischief-makers, and on top of it all the full moon was coming once more. Lily had heard of what happened to the three boys and knew Professor MgGonagall had given them detention, plus saw Lupin be humiliated in Slughorn's dungeons and when she saw him sulk into the Great Hall for dinner that day, it couldn't have been more plain to her that Lupin needed some comfort, and she was more than willing to give some. True, Lily loathed James Potter, but Lupin was polite enough, and Sirius was better than predicted, and she even pitied little Peter who struggled so hard in school and she often tried to help him a little. When Lupin got close enough, she scooted over on the wooden bench and said, "Hey, Remus." Lupin looked up and his flashing eyes calmed down at the sight of Lily. "Oh. Hey." "Come on." Lily said and motioned next to her. "Have some dinner." Lupin, having no spirit to argue, thanked her in a low voice and plopped down next to her and dropped his school bag down on his other side. Lily was satisfied on how things were going so far and started to ladle some steak-and-kidney pie of him. "Let me know when." She said after the first scoop. "I'm not very hungry." The fourth-year werewolf said with his head resting on his hand propped up on his elbow. Lily stopped at two scoops and placed the plate in front of Lupin. "Pumpkin juice?" "No, just water." Lily gave a little nod and poured him a goblet of water to drink. She sat it down by the untouched pie and started to eat again herself. "Thanks, Lily." Lupin said honestly and he used his other hand to eat. "You're welcome." Lily said with a sweet slime and kept on eating. She did not pressure on conversation and Lupin was grateful for that; his temper was still high and knew that if he tried to talk it would sound harsh unintentually. About half way through his dinner, Lily had finished and made herself a bowl of chocolate ice-cream. "Want some?" Lily offered to Lupin kindly. "I find chocolate helps after a bad day." Lupin cracked a tiny smile and pushed away his leftover pie. "Alright. Just three." "Oh, come on." Lily teased as she scooped up big balls of ice-cream. "Only three?" "Four, then." Lupin said with a growing smile. "That's better." Lily said with a hint if laughter in her voice. She filled Lupin's bowl up and gave it to him. "Thanks." Lupin said and took a bite. Maybe it was because Lily said so and put the thought in his head or maybe it was true, but he was so sure he felt a little bit better, like all of his worries and stress was starting to melt away along with the ice-cream in his mouth. "Better?" Lily teased. Lupin nodded. Lily gave a short laugh and ate her own dessert. The two ate silently in peace for about thirty second or so until two fourth-year boys came into the Great Hall and up to the Gryffindor table, howling with laughter about their latest peace-erupting event that landed them and their friend in detention. Lupin scowled at hearing them recall the incident and didn't eat much of his ice-cream anymore. Lily frowned at them. More mad at causing Lupin distress than doing what they were in trouble for. They sat down right next to Lupin, opposite of Lily, and Lupin put his golden spoon down. "Hey, Moony." James said. "What's for dinner? Steak-and-kidney? Great, I'm starving!" "Right." Lupin said, not looking at James or Sirius, too fed up with them at the moment. "I got homework to do." Lupin swung his legs over the bench, stood up, snatched up his bag, and started out of the Great Hall. James' hazel eyes followed his friend and he got up and went after him. "Moony! Hey, Moony! Come on, mate!" He called, sounding sorry for hurting his friend. Lily and Sirius had watched the two go and Lily now went back to her dessert and Sirius looked at her, knowing she was also angry. He got to know why while he was gathering his own dinner. "Why'd you have to get Remus in trouble, too?" Lily spat at him. "It wasn't on purpose." Sirius said defensively white he worked. "Me and James were just having a laugh, and Moony laughed along." "Yeah, well," Lily said to her dessert. "You and Potter should do better not to let others fall because of your stupid laughs." "You know," Sirius said, sensing that Lily was angrier at James than him. "He's not that mad. He's been there for me more than my whole family!" Lily glanced up at Sirius with her almond-shaped green eyes, but then looked back down at her ice-cream and sighed. "I will say this for Potter; he may be an arrogant toe-rag, but at least he's a good friend. You're n too bad yourself." She added in a mutter. "I'm honored." Sirius said