A/N: You might be thinking this sounds familiar to another work and you'd be right! I wasn't happy with where Histoire Eternelle was going so instead of being sensible and reworking it, I just scrapped it entirely. So, sorry if you liked that. It's funny because I started and published (on here) a similar story in 2012 too, but quickly trashed that as well. I clearly have been bestowed with many great ideas. Hermione lurched awake as her train halted to a stop. A voice came over the loudspeaker indicating that she had reached her destination and it was time to disembark. Gathering her belongings, Hermione noticed that the book she had been reading was on the floor, its bookmark on the seat beside her. She sighed as she placed the book into her backpack and hoped she would be able to find her place later. Slinging her backpack over her shoulder, Hermione bent down to retrieve a cranky Crookshanks, whose cat carrier had been magically extended, but who nevertheless found reasons to complain. Stepping onto the platform, Hermione glanced around at the people milling about the station. The faces passed into a blur until a familiar one caught her eye. From under judgemental brows peered a pair of obsidian eyes, which came to meet her own. Hermione's stomach began performing a series of acrobatic feats to rival the most talented gymnast. This was the last place she would expect to see him and his presence at the train station could only mean one thing. She knew she was supposed to walk towards the man, but her feet were not listening to her brain. The man, however, only seemed capable of looking straight through her. Finally Hermione was able to find some Gryffindor courage buried somewhere deep within her. "Hello, sir. What brings you to this small station in provincial France?" she asked, praying it was not as she thought. "I expected better from you, Miss Granger. Is my presence not a clear enough indication that we are to be working together?" "Oh, I see. Madame Maxime never told me I would be getting an escort to the school." "She was worried you would not be able to find your way," he said, walking away from her. Hermione was silent. She expected no less from the Bat of the Dungeons. He was picking up pace and Hermione was struggling to keep up. Snape had not offered to help her carry her things and Crookshanks carrier kept hitting her leg while she jogged lightly. She was sure she would have a bruise there in the morning. "Miss Gray, by the way. I'm sure the Headmistress informed you of my alias." "I'll try to remember it to the best of my ability, though that may be too difficult a task for me," Snape said. Though Hermione could not see his face, the sneer was evident in his voice. Snape stopped so abruptly that Hermione almost collided with him. "Here is a good a spot as any to apparate," he said, extending his arm in her general direction. Hermione interpreted this as an invitation to take it and was rewarded with a pulling sensation at her navel. When the world stopped spinning and Hermione felt the solid earth beneath her feet once more, she took the opportunity to check up on Crookshanks. Having confirmed that he was only mildly annoyed at her, Hermione looked up at the building before her. Beauxbâtons Academy of Magic was an expansive white marble château, perched above a cliff in the Pyrenees. While Hermione appreciated the ability to see the beautiful grounds, lush with flowering gardens, statues, and fountains, she wished Snape had apparated them closer to the front door. Although she supposed that even in this post-war period, there would still be wards around the school, preventing apparition. Snape walked too quickly through the castle for Hermione to get a good look of her new home. She caught glimpses of even more marble, paintings in ostentatious frames, and copious windows-a lot more windows than Hogwarts had ever had. Hermione first assumed he was showing her to where she would be staying, but was now uncertain. They finally stopped in front of an ornately-carved, mahogany door to which Snape whispered something, presumably the password. The door swung open, its heaviness and ancientness evident in its creaking. Following Snape inside, she saw an abnormally large desk in front of an abnormally large chair. The carvings on the desk and chair seemed at first glance to match those on the door. Snape picked up Hermione's backpack and Crookshanks' cat carrier without a word and made them disappear with a flick of his wand. Hermione was about to protest when she realized they were being joined by a third person. "Madame Granger, what a pleasure it is to meet you at last. Minerva had nothing but good things to say about you," the giantess said, sitting down. She gestured for Hermione and Snape to do the same. Hermione felt a hot blush creep into her ears and cheeks, but the feeling dissipated when she heard Snape snort loudly beside her. Leave it to Professor Snape to remind Hermione to not take herself too seriously. "Something funny, professor? If I'm not mistaken, you would also have had Hermione as a student. Was Minerva perjuring when she extolled this young woman's work ethic and aptitude for magic?" "On the contrary, as someone who has read many essays written by Miss Granger, I can say you've made an excellent decision in choosing her to teach English ," Snape said, putting particular snarl on the last word. However Madame Maxime seemed to pay no mind to her old professor's comment. "Madame Granger, I know I've hired you to teach English, but since the subject is more an elective than a requirement, I require your help in a second subject." Hermione was surprised, but pleased to hear that she would be entrusted with the responsibility of teaching yet another course. She bet it was Arithmancy or Transfiguration, since those were some of her best subjects and surely Professor McGonagall would have mentioned this to the Headmistress. She also did not have to worry about co-teaching with Snape since he would have never allowed something like that to happen, though she supposed her colleague could be someone equally as unpleasant. Hermione shuddered to think of a person more unpleasant than he. "You see," Madame Maxime continued, "Beauxbâtons not only accepts students from France, but also the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Portugal. Many of these students have had some French-language education, but some come with no knowledge of French at all. I would like you to help these students learn French. You have some experience in that endeavor." Crestfallen, Hermione labored to keep her face even, with a hint of a smile. But as her mind worked at its characteristically fast pace, Hermione realized to herself that she would be the most important teacher these students would have. If they did not learn French, they would not be able to learn their other subjects either. She still was not teaching a magical subject, but was helping children to learn not magic itself? "We ask these students to come a year earlier than their Francophone peers. They spend part of the day receiving French lectures and the remainder shadowing older students from their respective home countries. What do you think?" She had been reading books on teaching English as a foreign language but nothing about French, though she assumed the same principles applied. Luckily she still had several more weeks before term began to do sufficient research on the matter. Her teaching partner would also be of considerable assistance. "I am honored… to have been given this position. I have only one question. With whom will I be teaching?" "That would be me," Snape intoned. Hermione bit her lip, fighting hide the displeasure which threatened to contort her mouth into a frown but she was relieved to see Madame Maxime was no longer looking at her, but at Snape. "Professor Rogue, will you please show Mademoiselle Granger her office and then her quarters?" the giantess said, standing up. Hermione had not even noticed that her former professor had left the office when she got up from her own chair. She had to dash from the room to catch up with him. "Sir," she said, casting a Muffliato when she finally reached the man. "When were you planning to tell me that you were operating under a new name? I could've blown your cover!" Snape crossed his arms. His look of annoyance was a plain as his hooked nose. It was then that Hermione noticed that he had cut his hair too. The black strands were less lank than she had remembered and appeared almost fluffy, but that may have been due to its shorter length. "Do you, uh, have a different first name too?" she offered, hoping to propel the conversation forward. Snape scoffed. Hermione could tell he was clearly miffed that he even had to show her around and now he was forced to stoop so low as to converse with her. "We may both be teachers, Miss Granger, but do you really believe I would allow you to use my first name?" "Professor Gray," Hermione corrected. Snape looked around. "You put up this damn spell, what do you care if I call you the wrong name?" "I want you to get used to it." "Do you honestly think I, of all people, would, as you said it, 'blow your cover?'" "Sorry, I did not mean to offend. I just-" "Is there anything else you want to waste my time with? Can we be going now?" Hermione undid the Muffliato and walked just behind the Potions Master, silently cursing her luck at being given the one position that would force her to work with Snape on a regular basis. She noticed that he was not dressed in all black, but rather a dark brown cloak. Hermione seemed to remember that he had been wearing a cravat still, as well as a waistcoat and a jacket. She cursed herself for not researching French Wizarding fashion further; she had no intention to stick out. Her office was on the fifth floor in the south tower of the castle, furnished as elegantly as the rest of the castle and awash in light. Hermione's favorite part, however, were the floor to ceiling built-in bookshelves lining two of the four walls. Masking her glee, she nodded to Snape, indicating that she was ready to move on in their tour. The classrooms were on the floors below the offices. The language classrooms were clustered together which meant Hermione would not have to walk far between her French and English classes. She did not want to dally too long in the rooms since her existence alone seemed to be trying enough for the poor man, but made mental note of where everything was for later investigation. Snape next led her to the east wing. The female teachers slept above the female students, while the male students and teachers slept in the west wing. "This school does not segregate its students by such arbitrary traits as personality, especially since it only seems to sow unnecessary resentment between groups," he explained. It was Hermione's turn to snort, albeit very quietly. Snape stopped in front of a non-descript, white door and Hermione was left to figure that this must be her quarters. She turned to thank her former professor, but he was nowhere to be seen. Hermione shrugged, equally thankful to be rid of him as he was of her. Crookshanks ran to her as soon as she opened the door. She bent down to scratch his ears as he purred and rubbed against her legs. "Hey, buddy, welcome to our new home." This first room must be the living room, Hermione reasoned. There was an antique,