TRUE DIMENSIONS A/N: Hey everyone. I just wanted to alert you to the fact that I wrote this story a very long time ago and it was so messed up that I needed to rewrite it and I have and this is the result. It doesn't have a beta, but I did use the Micro soft word grammar and spell check so bear with me for the mistakes. I also got some really good advice from a friend, Nancy. (Selena) who told me it would be easier to read if I named my dimensions so I did. Their pretty much self-explanatory, one is called Earth , the other Ertha . I hope this makes it easier to read when changing dimension. I hope you enjoy this story, it's one of my favorites and I just couldn't let it lie without fixing it…so with that said…enjoy…huggs This is a story about a different way of life, where there is two of everything that can soon be taken away. Both worlds could come crumbling down if something isn't done. Both worlds rest on the powers of a young girl and the trust of a Quileute tribe or better yet the Alpha of the tribe known as Chief Jacob Black. Can you imagine two worlds, two Jacob Black's, two Bella's and two of each Pack member, they may be all lost if she can't fix what is broken…come with me to read, and enjoy True Dimensions. Remember this is a Bella and Jacob story, bear with me; I must get through a few things before we get to the main part of the story. A/N: The one thing that you must remember is that there are two Dimensions moving side by side…mirroring one another, what happens here happens there, but when something bad happens in one of them it will pull not only their dimension, but the other off kilter, also pulling their Dimension a few months behind which also starts a paradox. Paradox: (A contradiction. The same person meaning Jake from this universe and Jake from an alternative universe cannot accompany one another in the same universe. It will start a paradox, and will cause a rip in the fabric of time causing both worlds to eventually collapse.) Remember that and the story will make more sense. Plus, I will inform you when we change Dimensions at the beginning of the update or whenever needed. Thank, huggs. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings , etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended All characters belong to S.M. and twilight, but the plot is all mine and I love to play around in Stephanie's world… Prologue I hate the idea of leaving. I left my beta to handle things on the reservation while I was gone. Although, things have been quiet lately I still hated to leave. It's not that he isn't capable because he is, but I have no choice, I have to go. Since I signed the treaty with the vegetarians I've been leery of letting the tribe out of my site. I still wasn't sure it was a good idea allowing those bloodsuckers to live so close to the reservation or even the town as far as that goes, but what's done is done and it's my responsibility to make sure they keep to the law of the treaty. My name is Ephraim Daniel Black, I am chief of the Quileute tribe. I'm also Alpha to a small group of shape-shifters'. There are only four of us, but we are capable of defending our tribe. I had a vision, they don't come often but when they do I know I have to listen, and this is one of those times. The vision called to me to go deep into the forest, to leave my tribe, my people, and my mate. I will know where to go. I've given strict orders to my Beta. I don't know how long I'll be gone, but I'll keep in contact with him, and with that I was off. I have been traveling for days. I know I am deep in the forest in Canada and when I came to the clearing that I recognized from my vision I stopped and set up camp. I don't know how long I've been here, but I think it's been at least three days and there was still no sign of the Spirit Guide. I sat quietly in front of the fire that I had made and have kept stoked as I waited. I had my eyes closed, and was in a deep trance. I knew I had to be patient. The Spirit Guide never does anything in a hurry. He wants me to cleanse my soul from the humdrum of the natural world. To in gulf myself into the spirit world. To clear my mind, of everything of this world I live in. He wants me to be one with nature. To only have pure thoughts. It will take time with all the pack worries bouncing around in my mind, and it was difficult to stop thinking of all the problems on my mind concerning the reservation. I kept my eyes closed as I took in a few deep breathes and after what seemed like a short period of time. I was at peace with only the sounds of the forest calmly settling over me. I breathed in the clean air that tantalized my senses. My mind was open, I was at ease. It was then I realized I was connected to the spirit world. I opened my eyes to see a russet Wolf standing in front of me just on the other side of the fire. His sized didn't bother me even though he was a lot larger than a normal wolf; he was huge even for my standards. He was a good head taller than me and I was bigger than the others of my pack, but I was Alpha and it was the way it should have been. I responded normally with the bow of my head in honor of the Great Spirit. "Welcome Taha Aki, how can I be of service to you old Great one?" I replied. The Wolf stood tall and amenable, you could see the pride he took in his statues and the love he has for his people. He held his head high and meaningfully. He towered over me, even in wolf form. He was a giant above all. You could see the powerfulness of this wolf and his greatness shines through all else, once a man, a wolf, a leader, now in spirit, he still leads with honor. I keep my eyes and head lowered out of respect and waited for him to speak. "Ephraim…you have been a great leader to our tribe, as well as Alpha. I have much to tell you, some will be unbelievable to you, but you must take heed in what I say," he began with a great roar of his deep baritone voice as it echoed through the forest. "Of course your greatness, I am at your service," I praised. "Then listen well and follow what I say, with no questions asked," he demanded. "Yes, your greatness," I said, keeping my head bowed and eyes down. "Everything, I tell you this day you will not understand, but you must follow what I say to the letter, is that understood?" he asked. I didn't understand, but I knew that I must follow his orders, he was the Great Taha Aki and only he knew how things would turn out. I trusted what he said. It wasn't up to me to second guess his orders, I never had, and I saw no need to start now or at least not until what he said next. Yes your greatness, I understand," I replied. "You must send your imprint away," he demanded. I jerked my head up to look into his eyes, which is never done. To look into the Great Spirit's eyes was disrespectful, but I didn't care right now. What did he mean send her away? I was confused and upset. I can't do that and he knows it. This would be devastating to me and to her as well. What would happen to her? I just can't do this to her. Why would he say such a thing? The imprinting process is final. We are soul mates. She's my reason for living. She is ever breath I take. My mind raced through reasons why he would ask this of me. Maybe he wants to see my reaction to his words. He is testing me. I didn't know for sure, but I wondered if he was saying this to see if I will do as he says, so I will summit to his orders, as I lowered my head once again and answer. "Yes, great one," I said, waiting for him to tell me if it was a test or not. "The bond with your mate will be broken and another will take her place," he continued. My heart began to beat faster, he meant it; he would have me send my imprint away. This is unheard of… it's never happened before even he himself couldn't break from his imprint and took many wives as a result. My head was spinning. I was trying with everything in me to understand. The pull of the imprint was tugging at my heart just at the mere mention of his words to me. I had to get control of myself. I am chief I must show some sort of restraint as I sat before the Great Spirit. I took a few deep breathes, as I readied myself to speak. "Your greatness, this is unheard of, it is impossible to break the bond of an imprint. I will not live without her, you yourself know this is impossible great one," I told him in a weak voice. "You doubt the word of Taha Aki?! He bellowed. "No! Your greatness, I just fear for my imprint. I wish her no harm. I fear for only her," I begged. "Ephraim… I know you don't understand, but this is necessary. Your imprint is barren, due to an injury she sustained as a child. There will be no pain come to her, the bond will be severed. You are the Chief of the tribe. You must father a son to take your place one day. The woman I send to you will have much importance to the future. Her name is Isabella Jane Swan. Her husband was killed in an accident leaving her alone and pregnant with a daughter. You will grow to love this child and raise her as your own. Their powers are great," he continued. "Powers?" I asked shocked at his words. "Is she a witch, Oh, great one?" "No my son, she is not a witch. She's a seer, she sees the future and she sees what is coming, what the future holds and this frightens her. She has told no one of these visions out of fear. You must help her see that these things are a gift and make it known to her that her power will be handed down to her daughter, and her daughters, daughter. It will be needed for the future. She will be the ancestor to a great power known as an Ancient," he explained. "I am sorry great one, I do not understand. I mean, I understand for me to help her, but not about the future thing," I told him. "It is not for you to understand, you must make her understand that she must protect the powers, so she can hand them down to her daughter, and her daughters, daughter so they will know what is