House on Haunted Hill O/S for the Haunting In Forks Contest. By: Peggy McDaniel McCombs Beta: Martha Vilson. Rated: M for its Horror content. Pairing: Bella, Jake and the Pack. DISCLAIMER: All publically recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The legends of the Quileute belong to them. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. This disclaimer applies to all discussions posted for this story . The air had a chill to it this night in early October, as the wind whipped off the ocean and settled on the frosted ground, long before the moon sat high in the black midnight night sky. The leaves have already turned: red and gold decorating the forests with its beauty that was only seen once a year in all its glory. With the help of the wind a few leaves found themselves littering the ground; but not enough for the homeowners of Forks, Washington to make their way outside to start their yearly ritual of raking the leaves, lining up the bags neatly at the streets curb for the trash men to pick up at their intended time. It was the last bonfire of the year, as the gang gathers around the fire talking and joking and making plans for Halloween night. It was a ritual they had performed throughout time. Even their fathers - and their fathers before them - sat at the last bonfire of the season and discussed what was to be done on the night that the veil separating our world from "theirs" would be lifted, letting evil walk the earth in its true form. Of course, it was just a story that had been handed down through time. A story of how ghosts and goblins roam the earth on this blackest of unholy nights, and the young people of the Reservation always found a way to celebrate by trying to find out if the stories were true. They figured if the stories of wolves and the cold one's were true, then why couldn't these stories be true as well? All young people on the Reservation, for as long as any man or woman in the tribe have lived, have heard the stories. Many had tried to find out the truth, but none has succeeded; or, at least none of them had heard of anyone proving the stories were indeed true. Bella Swan joined the group of teenagers gathered on the beach that night as they discussed what they would do this particular year. The small pale-faced girl knew of the stories only because she was an imprint of the pack of huge protectors of the tribe. She admitted that she believed that there were were-wolves and vampires, but as far as ghosts and goblins, she found that stretching it a bit. She sat and giggled as the stories were told by her wolf and the Alpha of the pack, Jacob Black. Bella wasn't one to drink, but tonight she had tossed a couple down, thinking it would take away the chill she felt. Even being close to Jake and his warm body didn't seem to quite take away the chill she felt. She didn't know if it was the chill in the air or the stories Jake was spinning that were causing her skin to hold the goose-bumps that stood out on her arms. Even the tiny hairs on the back of her neck stood at attention as she shivered, hearing the stories almost come to life as Jake said them out loud. She slipped her fingers behind her neck to find the hood that lay on her back; and, with a flick of her wrist, she pulled the hood to cover her head and ears as she sat with her arms folded over her chest and rocked hoping to keep the chill away. Jake wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close trying to keep her warm as he spoke of the stories that his father - and all their fathers before them - told of the night when the "boogeyman" would come out to walk the earth. But Bella still couldn't find it in herself to believe it. Jake spoke of a house that stood on a hill at the edge of La Push and Forks, just inside the Forks town limits. It sat back off the road and couldn't be seen due to the over growth of the landscape that had long since been abandoned. No one in their right mind would venture up there, not even to clear away the brush that grew so high it blocked the view of the houses from the road. The wolves had seen it while on patrol, but even they wouldn't go on the land it sat on with the stories they've heard about that old mansion. They say they've heard eerie noises coming from that house at night and couldn't figure out what the noises were. They say the noises get worse on All Hollows Eve after the veil is lifted. They say that the house comes alive and they swear that it's a port hole to hell, and that's where the demons arise on that night. Jake told of how many people have gone there and never returned, but admitted that he didn't know any of who were brave enough to even chance going there. He said that it's an old wives tale, he didn't believe anyone had set foot in that old house since the old woman who lived there died. But what surprised Jake and the gang more than anything, was what Bella said after he finished with the tale. She offered to go there herself. She said she would prove that it was all a bunch of malarkey; that it's just an old house and people have made up stories to frighten others away. The gang just sat there with their mouths hanging open, all but Quil who spouted, "I dare you to go there alone and spend one night in that old house." Jake swung his head around to Quil, growling for his impudence, feeling like punching him in the nose for daring Bella to do such a dumb thing. Jake knew how Bella was; she accepted any dare given to her. Jake was frightened for her, but he knew if he demanded her to stay away from that old house, she would want to do it even more. "Bella, please don't do this, I can't protect you if you're in that old house alone," Jake pleaded while Leah chuckled. "Don't be ridiculous Jake, she'll be fine," Leah spit out as Jake gave her a death glare. "Bella it's probably not a good idea honey, anything can happen to you in that old dilapidated house. It's falling apart, you can get hurt just by that alone," Embry pleaded trying to help his best friend Jake in not wanting to see Bella get hurt. He knew that Jake would go through hell with worry if she went alone to that house. "At least let me go with you," Jake pleaded. "No Jake, I've been challenged to go alone and that's exactly what I intend to do," she said with a stern voice. "I'll tell Charlie then and I know he'll stop you," Jake said as a last resort. Bella swung her head to look at Jake giving him the same look that he gave Leah not two seconds ago. "If you tell Charlie, I'll break up with you, I'll leave this town, and never returned!" she threatened. Jake's face turned white as snow with her threat. He never thought she would do that to him when all he was doing was trying to protect her. There was nothing he could do, he had to let her do this, and he hated every minute of it. She may find that she had to do this dare, but Jake decided he would be there. The dare was that no one could go in with her, but no one said he couldn't wait outside. With his supernatural hearing he would hear everything she heard, and with the imprint he would feel everything she felt. He would only break the rules if her life was in danger, he thought knowing that Bella Swan was a magnet for danger which worried him even more. ~ooOoo~ Over the course of a few weeks Jake tried everything he could think of to stop her from taking this dare. He was royally pissed at Quil for daring her, a dare that Quil will not soon forget. He was still doing eighteen hours a day patrols. The guys were happy about it, but Quil was in dire straits and would think twice before daring anyone into doing anything like this again, especially Bella. Bella put a change of clothes in her backpack along with a flashlight and spare batteries. She rolled up her pillow in a blanket and placed it on her bed. She placed a few bottled waters, a box of pop-tarts, along with a tightly closed bowl filled with carrots and celery sticks to snack on, in a bag from the kitchen just encase she gets hungry during the night. She was sure she wouldn't be getting any sleep that night. She grabbed a jacket in case she got cold, remembering the night on the beach and how cold she felt. Doubling up on her clothes, she figured if that wasn't enough she still had her blanket she could wrap around her to keep her warm. Bella kept telling herself that it was only an old home that people just let go. She had heard stories before of old houses that stood for years with no up keep, and she was sure this one was no different. Of course, if a story is told often enough people start to fear them. Bella was determined she would prove that night that all those stories Jake was sharing at the bonfire were nothing more than speculations. She also wondered who the first person was that started those tales. Probably some guy who used it to scare children away from it to keep them safe. Stories like that spread like wild fire. Jake pulled up in front of the Swan house to pick up Bella. He tried one last time to persuade her from staying the night in that house. Even if the stories weren't true, he still worried she would fall through a floor, down the steps, or over something left in the middle of the floor. Yes, Jake was petrified. The gang was standing on the road in front of where the house was supposed to be as Jake pulled up. Bella jumped out of the car grabbing the things she would be taking with her. "Bella, please…isn't there anything I can say to persuade you from going in there?" he pleaded one last time with terror-filled eyes. "No Jake…it's just an old house, there's nothing to fear," she claimed. "Except you breaking your neck," Jake moaned quietly under his breath. Jake grabbed the backpack and flung it over his shoulder, grabbing Bella's hand to walk her up to the house. "Where do you think you're going Jake?" She's supposed to be doing this alone." Quil asked smugly. It was evident Quil hadn't learned his lesson yet. Jake spun around and glared at Quil as if he dared him to say another word. "I'm carrying her stuff for her, Quil, and helping her get past all this vegetation so she doesn't fall and kill herself before she gets in the damn house! Aren't you supposed to be patrolling?" Jake sneered, as Quil immediately backed off. After helping Bella to the door, he made one more last-ditch effort to deter her. "Bella, please… let's leave, we'll go to the beach, we'll