Not With Her Author: Peggy McDaniel McCombs Pairing : Paul and Bella Beta/advisor/proof reader: Maria Vilson Summary: Paul is fighting the imprint. Two stubborn people dealing with their own troubles, before finally coming together in a dramatic end. Rating: M Adult Language, Graphic Sexual Content, Violence. Genre: Angst, Romance, Friendship Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended Beta/advisor/proof reader: Maria Vilson Chapter 1 Sam, Jared, Embry, and Paul walked out of the woods laughing and joking around as they shoved and pushed one another having the time of their lives. They had come to check on the newest member of the pack, Jacob Black, who had just phased two weeks before. They had just cleared the trees when they saw a young sprig of a girl marching toward them, and they could tell she was mad as hell. Paul knew right away who it was even though he had never set eyes on her before, well not human eyes anyway. He did however see her through Jake and Sam's eyes while in wolf form, but that was it. He knew her by reputation more than anything. The leech lover he thought with a cringe. Paul knew Jake had a larger than life crush on her that she didn't return. Paul saw in Jake's wolf mind how he was always trying to kiss her and touch her, and she was always pushing him away; but, that didn't seem to stop him, or even her, as far as that goes from showing up on the Reservation almost every day. The girl was always where she didn't belong, and where Isabella Swan was you could be sure trouble wasn't too far behind. How did Paul know this if he hadn't met her before? Simple, through the pack mind link. You see Embry phased a short couple of weeks before Jake did, and Jake, Embry, and Quil hung out together a lot before that. But, once Embry phased he was ordered by Sam their Alpha to stay away from Jake and Quil until he could learn to control his wolf. One of the things the wolves can do is talk to each other using this mind link, you can learn a lot about someone through the wolf mind link, sometimes more than what they wanted to learn. Oh, it has its good points as it has its bad. The good points are that it's easier to strategize between one another when they have to fight vampires. The bad points are that they can see anything their pack mates may be thinking at any given moment, including their times alone with their mates…and the last thing Paul wanted to see were his two best friends banging the hell out of their imprints. Especially since he hadn't had any in the last month with babysitting the two green horns twenty four seven. Not good, especially with Paul's temper. He was hard to get close to on a good day, but with being out of the whore pool for so long…well let's just say Paul wasn't a happy camper at the moment, and with this piss ant of a girl heading their way he was already working up a good head of steam, and Sam noticed. "Paul, settle down," Sam warned. Paul, Jared and Sam had to listen to all of the childish crap that the three stooges, Moe, Larry, and Curly, aka, Jake, Embry, and Quil did together. The main thing being, thoughts of how they constantly were romantically hitting on one Isabella Swan, the queen bee that was heading their way. All three of them had the hot's for the girl, but Jake more than any of the three. He was always trying to come up with a new way to get into Bella's panties to make her his, but Sam had ordered Jake to send her away in any way he saw fit, if for nothing else than to save her life. If Jake was to phase near Bella he could literally cleave her in two with his sharp claws. Sam knew this better than any of them, better from experience. After Sam imprinted on Emily, his girlfriend at the time's cousin who came up from the Makah Reservation to help Leah plan for her wedding to Sam, and with one look she was out of there. Sam tried to make Emily see that he had no choice, he tried to explain how imprinting worked, but Emily wasn't having any part of it, she couldn't do that to her cousin who was also her best friend. To make a long story short Sam got angry and phased too close to Emily and now she wears scars to prove it, scars that travel down one side of her face to her shoulders. It was told to those who knew nothing of the wolves, that she was attacked by a bear, to help keep their secret. Sam never left her side, and when she was finally released from the hospital, Sam and she were together, and have been ever since. But Sam is still a little skittish when it comes to new wolves being around other people, or humans in this case. The pack knew for sure that Jake told Bella he didn't want anything to do with her any longer, because they were there the day before hiding out in the woods when she arrived, and with their supernatural hearing they heard everything Jake had said. Sam even cringed at how he told her, and planned to talk to Jake about it later. He was mean in the way he told her to go away, that he didn't want to be around her anymore, and that he was tired of her whining, that he was no longer her friend, it was totally uncalled for. He could have done it in a better way. But seeing Bella back again today, they all could see why Jake did it the way he did. She didn't listen to a thing Jake had told her yesterday. Even before that Billy had tried to get her to stay away. Paul heard Billy tell her a number of times that Jake wasn't home. He told her that maybe it would be best if she didn't call anymore…but nooo…she kept it up, until Billy stopped answering the phone all together, which left nothing else for her to do, than to show her arse back here at his house anyway. Paul had to give her kudos though. The way she was storming up to a bunch of over grown muscle-bound men without a care in the world showed she had spunk, so the guys readied themselves for what this little all of five foot two spit-fire of a girl was about to give them. The four of them stopped and waited for hell to rain down on them, as she marched up to them screaming at the top of her lungs that she wanted them to leave Jake alone, as she brought one of her arms up and planted it into Sam's chest trying to push him back as hard as she could screaming between her teeth. Of course Sam didn't budge. "He told you he didn't want this, to just leave him alone," she yelled again. By this time Paul was seeing red, thinking Jake had opened his big mouth and told her of the wolves. Paul couldn't keep his mouth shut; he never could which was part of his problem most of the time and it always got him in trouble. "What did he tell you leech lover, huh?!" Paul asked hatefully through his own clinched teeth and angry scowl as he got in her face. "He said nothing," was all Bella got out of her mouth as she raised her hand to smack Paul across the face, but froze where she stood once she glanced into his eyes. Paul too froze as his angry expression turned into one of confusion, and dare I say fear. "Paul!" Sam yelled and grabbed one of his arms as did Jared trying to stop him from harming Bella, but soon saw that he was frozen to the ground as both he and Bella stared at one another. It was then that Sam saw what had happened. Paul began to back away shaking his head. "No…no, no, no, this can't be happening, not with her…not with the leech lover...No!" he yelled as he forced himself to break eye contact and turned to run, phasing as he went. "Paul!" Sam called out to stop him, but it was already too late, Paul was already halfway across the Reservation. He ran until he reached the mountains and climbed as high as he could go. He then sat down after phasing back to human, not wanting to hear Sam ordering him to come back. He sat there looking out over the embankment that was at least five hundred feet down, letting his legs hang over the side and rubbed his face as he screamed. "God No, not the leach lover anyone but her; damn you Taha Aki is this supposed to be some kind of a joke?!" he yelled as visions of Bella flipped through his mind. He pressed one of his hands against his chest as he felt the pain of being so far away from her, and cussing her didn't help the pain either. He rubbed his eyes with the heel of his hands trying to force the sight of her out of his mind, but it didn't help. It even came to his mind to dive off the cliff; he hoped he'd bounce off a few rocks on his way down and then hoped he impaled himself on a huge tree limb once he was close to the ground. Death would be better than this, he thought. Paul knew he would imprint at some point and time, and he even knew it wouldn't be with any of the whores he screwed at times. He figured it would be some sweet kind hearted woman who would be able to calm him and his wolf down a few notches. Sure Bella was a woman like that, but he didn't want the leech lover. He didn't want the sloppy seconds from a fucking bloodsucker. "Fuck that," he thought, and again he felt the pain in his chest…"Fuck, what the hell am I going to do now!" he yelled snorting through his nose angrily, rubbing his chest once again. Paul may have given Sam and Jared grief over being pussy whipped by their imprints, but it was all in fun, who would have thought that it would happen to him…and so fast. He even went as far as telling the pack that he would never imprint on anyone, that even if he did he'd fight it telling them he loved his life as it was, fucking a different girl every night; at least it was his choice. But of course Sam and Jared would always came back with a, we will see big guy, and left it at that. But the truth of it was, Paul was lonely, yeah he had the pack, but it wasn't the same thing. Once they parted ways for the night, Paul sat and wished he had someone to spend time with, someone to warm his bed if only to feel another human being at his side, someone he could hold, someone he could call his own. Paul didn't have anyone other than the pack. His dad drank himself to death, and his mom literally worked herself into an early grave, while making sure they had a roof over their heads and food in their bellies. She had worked a double at the diner