" Text" – Thoughts " Text" – Spellcast A meeting occurs, which changes what is to come drastically. Breaks from canon from the end of third year with changes occurring from base plot due to character interactions' changes. Some OOC-ness will occur due to how different characters interact with others. Relationships and characters will develop over time, hopefully in a natural enough way. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter; JK Rowling does. Prologue Date: Unknown Location: Unknown The Past. The Present. The Future. All three together make up the intermittently fickle and stalwart concept of time. Sometimes, time is so resolute that no amount of will can prevent or allow an occurrence from happening. Sometimes, it is so volatile that the simplest of matters can create extreme changes in what is to come. For instance, in one universe, a ball was not dropped and the world went about as it would have. Harry Potter went on to tie with Cedric Diggory in the eventful Triwizard Tournament before the latter was swiftly cut down by Peter Pettigrew. Harry later becomes one of the men spearheading the campaign against Thomas Marvolo Riddle, or more commonly known as Lord Voldemort and successfully defeated the dark wizard, thus returning magical Britain to peace. However, in another world, the ball was dropped. A whole slew of events would take place, some of which so cataclysmic that it would shake not just magical Britain but the entire world of magic. Worlds would collide, people would die and many lives would be forevermore changed. All because of a single ball. Though, in all fairness, the ball that fell was not all that significant. A red Gobstone, if you must know, part of a expensive 'limited-edition' set bought by a certain pure-blooded witch's doting parents for her 12th birthday. In one world, the girl didn't drop her gobstone and the familiar events illustrated in the Harry Potter books played out as they did. In this one, she did. As we watch the girl's unwitting struggle to reclaim her lost gobstone, it must be remembered that the girl in question is by no means the main reason why destiny took a different course. That would be because of her sister, her sister's best friend and the person she ran into while chasing after her toy. And thus, the die is cast. Chapter 1: The Decisive Meeting Date: Friday, June 24 th 1994 Location: Hogwarts Express Astoria Mavis Greengrass ran through the corridor of the Hogwarts Express, chasing after the small, marble sized gobstone that she had accidentally dropped from her set when she was showing it off to Celestina Prewitt from Ravenclaw. She mentally cursed her own clumsiness. Celestina had stopped by the compartment Astoria and her sister had been in to ask about Astoria's gobstones. Much like many other children at that age, Astoria beamed at a change to show off, smirking as she usually did when she showed the Ravenclaw the gobstones. However, Astoria accidentally bumped her arm against the side of the compartment she had been in, which had led her to drop the ball. After a few bounces, the red Gobstone began rolling away at a surprisingly fast speed, thus prompting the auburn-haired girl to quickly run after it, the smirk on her face disappearing. In contrast with many of the older students that were aboard the train, Astoria was extremely nimble and spry, thus allowing her to easily weave between the various obstacles in her path. Fully concentrated on the matter at hand, Astoria did not bother to greet or taunt anyone, even the many "loser lions" that littered the corridor. As she approached her quickly rolling target, Astoria sped up, her head angled downwards to catch her prize but was suddenly stopped as she crashed headlong into a third year Gryffindor's cloak. Ronald Bilius Weasley groaned he felt something crash into him at a great speed, tackling into his left leg and toppling him over. "Bloody Hell!" he cried. Ron gave a small wince as he grabbed his recently-mended left leg, a painful reminder of the most recent adventure he had with his best friends, Harry Potter and Hermione Granger. Ron had drawn the "short" end of the stick on that adventure, as he not only got his leg fractured in three parts during the course of the adventure but also missed out on the time travelling escapade that Harry and Hermione went on to save Harry's long lost godfather and the hippogriff Buckbeak ... not that any of that could be admitted to anyone. Feeling somewhat irritated, Ron sat up and looked at the small brown haired blur that had tackled him into the floor. His eyes travelled down from her unrecognized face as they narrowed when they reached the green and silver tie that hung snugly on her neck. Ron's overall irritation at his situation got the better of him as he gave the girl a piercing glare and he growled softly "Slytherin!" Astoria looked at the red headed boy she just crashed into, watching as his eyes morphed from being dazed, to confusion and finally into rage. The rage displayed was quite phenomenal to Astoria, who was used to being treated respectfully by the members of her house due to her heritage. This older Gryffindor's anger was almost comparable to her father's ire when the man had deduced that Astoria had broken his best broom on night a few years ago, an event that had ended with Astoria crying and her mother to reprimand her father for being so harsh. The incident lit up an idea in Astoria's mind and she trembled as she spoke softly, allowing a few tears to well up in her eyes. "Sorry Mr. Gryffindor." Ron's glare paused as he noticed how shaken the girl in front of him was. His confusion gave way to a sudden epiphany, realizing that she was crying because of his glare. He realized that his hate for Slytherin house had caused him to make a young girl cry. " Oh bollocks! " he thought as his mind began to race. " Hermione's gonna kill me for this! " The muggle-born bookworm had on many occasions chastised Ron for his unfounded hatred of all Slytherins, citing that he shouldn't generalize that all Slytherins were evil. Of course, Ron just laughed it off, stating that their experiences with Draco Malfoy were good enough indication of his views. However, as he looked at the whimpering first-year in front of him and for the first time in his life, his normally unshakable views on the House of Snakes wavered. Sucking up his pride, Ron decided that he would try to amend the situation. "Err… Sorry about that" he started. "What's your name, miss?" Astoria looked up at Ron and noticed his conflicted expression. She inwardly smirked as she realized that she had gotten an advantage over him. "Astoria, Astoria Greengrass" she said with a sniffle, wiping away a few of the tears that had migrated down her cheek. My name is Ron, Ron Weasley, third year Gryffindor" answered Ron, somewhat proudly. He quickly recognized Astoria's surname, recalling that he had a female classmate in his year who had the same last name. "Do you happen to have a sister in my year? I think I remember a snake who has the same last name as you in my year." Astoria nodded affirmatively as she walked over to her fallen gobstone and asked to be brought back to her sister. Ron grumbled for a while but reluctantly agreed to the request and asked the young Slytherin to lead the way. Unseen to him, a small smile was hidden on Astoria's face. Daphne Queenie Greengrass sat in her compartment in the Hogwarts express, arms neatly folded at her lap as she gazed out the window to the corridor of the carriage. Somewhat bored, she drew her wand. " Tempus " she cast, allowing a silvery-blue mist to tell her the time. She gave a soft sigh, as she listened as her best friend Tracey Davis prattled about some inane topic. Daphne was the heiress presumptive of the Noble and Ancient House of Greengrass, a family of pure-blooded wizards and witches who could trace their ancestry back almost five hundred years. As an heiress of such a distinguished family, Daphne held herself to extremely high standards at all times, a facet of herself that permeated into her seated posture. Her shoulder length straight golden blonde hair hung loosely, framing her heart shaped face. Her eyes were big and round with the color of milk chocolate. Her nose was aquiline and her lips a soft pink, giving an overall air of grace and beauty. Daphne flicked her gaze at the only other person in her compartment. Theodore Tyrion "Theo" Nott was a person that could simply be described as weedy. His short, dark hair was perpetually well combed as the young heir to the Noble House of Nott carried a tendency to comb his hair when bored or nervous. His skin was slightly darker than Daphne's, a trait gained from hours spent in the sun over the years, either playing Quidditch with the children of his father's 'friends' or otherwise working. As he tended to keep quiet and distant from most others, Theo tended to be overlooked by the majority of people. On the other hand, Daphne felt a sort of kinship with Theodore. The pair had met almost four years ago during an event hosted by her father to allow her to get acquainted with some of the probable Slytherins in her year group, much to Daphne's unwillingness. At that time, she had already met Pansy Parkinson, a fellow heiress presumptive of a Noble and Ancient House, and had not enjoyed the encounter. After some effort, including bribing Astoria to provide her with a distraction, Daphne had found herself on the second floor of her manor when she had encountered Theo wandering around aimlessly. Their first words had been confrontational as Daphne had been irritated at not being able to hang out with her long-time best friend Tracey (because of her father's orders) and Theo had been defensive about not wanting to interact with 'Death Eater wannabes', as he had so eloquently put it back then. From that moment, Daphne had found something in common with the Nott heir, having to interact with those she disliked simply because of political or social reasons. Nowadays, Theo had decided to stay relatively roguish, straying from being close friends with anyone at all, though he did spend some time with Daphne and Tracey once in awhile. The boy in question sat rather lazily on the opposite side of the compartment from Daphne and Tracey, as he calmly conversed with the excitable Tracey on the whom the best Quidditch players were. However, it was obvious, even to the casual observer, that young Theodore's mind was elsewhere. "TED, listen!" an irritated Tracey whined, fed up with her friend's distant attitude. Theo jerked out of his stupor. "I was listening, Tracey, please and stop calling me Ted" he protested. Before he could add any more to his stance, Daphne interjected. "Don't bother, Trace, his mind is obviously still on her" she drawled in a knowing tone, smirking as Theodore blushed mildly and was about to retort when there was a knock on the compartment door. Ron and Astoria had walked past many compartments as they journeyed to find where Daphne and the others were sitting. Half-way through their journey, the train had started moving, which had caused Ron to almost fall over in surprise. "Don't moan so much Weasley, girls don't like moany boys." And of course, Astoria had regained her snarky nature, a fact that irritated Ron to no end. He didn't really know what to do with the young witch he had unwittingly gained as a temporary companion. What he did want to do was get back to Harry and Hermione