A/N: Hello. I am Blue. This is a what-if scenario where Percy stays back instead of Bob. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Percy's POV When we arrived at the Hermes Shrine in Tartarus, it was our first opportunity to rest. I had volunteered along for first watch with Bob, and Annabeth had immediately crashed. It was almost hard to remember the last time I had slept. I could have sworn that it was before we had fallen into Tartarus. If I had slept after the fall, all traces of rest had disappeared. I was exhausted. Even though my eyes were now spending more time closed than open, I knew Annabeth needed to sleep if she was ever going to heal her ankle. And she didn't trust Bob yet. I would be able to wait until the next opportunity to rest. I had to give her all the time we had to rest. Behind me, Bob was scanning the horizon, watching for monsters. I got up from my seat next to Annabeth and sat down next to him on the steps of the Hermes Shrine. I leaned back on my palms, and stretched my legs out. It was a nice feeling, to finally relax for just a moment and let my mind think beyond the next few steps. With free reign, my thoughts left for the surface. They mentally found the other questers, and dreamed of their current battles. Where were they? Had they made it to the other side of the doors? How long had truly passed since we had been down here? I couldn't be sure. I wrenched my mind back. If I thought too deeply of the surface, I would never make it back there. I had to focus on getting Annabeth and myself to the doors first. Bob made a sound next to me, and I turned to look at him. He was watching me. " Percy," He said. "How did you get down here?" I took a moment to absorb the question, weighing the options of telling him everything. Annabeth wouldn't approve, but on the off chance that Bob knew how to make it to the Doors of Death, we needed him to know. I told him. He listened quietly, nodding along to what I was saying, and asking a few questions along the way. I steered clear of any topics that might stir his memories, or make him feel opposed to helping us in our journey. It made me feel guilty, but I did it anyway. When I mentioned the Doors of Death were down here, and how we had to use them in order to make it to the surface world, Bob's eyes lit up. " Yes." He made direct eye contact with me. "I know those. I know where they are." I asked if he would be willing to guide us, and he agreed. My stomach settled down after the agreement. We finally had an end destination. We were no longer walking around Tartarus blindly. Bob's eyes turned dark and his smile faded. " But," He said. "Someone must stay behind." I knew this would come up eventually, and I realized now was the perfect chance to tell Bob. " Bob." I said. "If one of us have to stay back, I want you to take Annabeth and go. I can fend for myself down here, and you don't belong here. Can you do that for me?" I knew that he obviously didn't want to, and his face turned conflicted, but he nodded. " I will take her." Line Break I looked at Annabeth, ignoring the death mist. Her gray eyes were as hard as steel. She returned my gaze, and we acted as one, moving towards the Doors. We had to cut the chains, and before the next group went on, figure out how to sneak aboard undetected. There were too many monsters to fight. While strategy wasn't exactly my strongest point, I knew I could trust Annabeth's plans. She motioned for me to head towards the other chains. I was on one side of the elevator, and she was on the other. We locked eyes, mouthing the counts before we cut the chains. We never made it to three. A silent shiver passed through the groups of monsters, along with a deafening quiet that turned the fields of monsters still. A high pitched whine seemed to grow in volume, before and explosion rocked the entire field. Krios and Hyperion were torn apart by flying shrapnel. STINKING PIT A voice said. I could only assume it was Tartarus, in response to Krios and Hyperion's insults. The ground beneath us shook. The voice traveled across the fields we were standing. I stood up, and glanced at Annabeth. She was safe, but there was alarm in her eyes as she looked at me. The Death Mist was gone. LESSER BEINGS. IMPERFECT AND WEAK. In front of the Doors of Death, the darkness gathered and turned solid. My eyes traveled up his form, my fear growing larger with each second I attempted to comprehend the form standing in front of me. His chest plate contained the forms of monsters in suffering. His armor was made of bones. His face was a whirlpool which sucked up the dust from Krios and Hyperion. I was in a complete state of panic, terrified beyond belief at the massive figure in front of me. "Tartarus," I said. I could hear the fear in my voice. A terrible laugh echoed my statement. This form is only a small manifestation of my power. He said. But it is enough to deal with you. I do not interfere lightly little demigod. It is beneath me to deal with gnats such as yourself. I had to keep talking to him. That had always been the strategy. I talk, while Annabeth comes up with a plan. "Uh…" I said. My legs quivered under me. It was everything I could do to prevent myself from collapsing to the ground. "Don't… you know… go to any trouble…" You have proven surprisingly resilient. Tartarus said . You have come too far. I can no longer stand by and watch your progress. Tartarus opened his arms, and the millions of monsters surrounding us pounded their shields and roared. They were crying out for our blood. We were going to die here. Tartarus continued to speak. Be honoured, little demigods, said the god of the pit. Even the Olympians were never worthy of my personal attention. But you will be destroyed by Tartarus himself. The monsters of the field grew quiet, as if awaiting Tartarus's command. It was strange to hear silence. Their journey through had Tartarus had never been quiet. There had always been some sort of sound, and if there wasn't, Annabeth and i had filled it with our breathing or conversation. Tartarus spoke again. It is good to have form. With these hands, I can eviscerate you. His voice was weird. Almost as if he were sucking the sound back into his whirlpool of a face immediately after he said them. Riptide grew heavier in my hands. It was almost as if the gravity around my sword had increased. It's tip dipped toward the ground, the hilt pulling on my shoulder. My hands shook. The fear was making me weaker than ever, and I couldn't hold it up. I dropped my sword and stood defenseless in front of the most powerful being I had ever encountered. Almost immediately after I had done so, I heard a voice from my past speak. Suddenly, I was twelve. The sun was rising, and I stood in the surf on the west coast of the United States. Ares stood in front of me, golden blood leaking out of the heel of his boot. "You have made an enemy, godling." He said. "You have sealed your fate. When you need it most, your sword will fail you. Every time you raise your blade in battle, every time you hope for success, you will feel my curse. Beware, Perseus Jackson. Beware." The last time I had remembered that had been on the ruins of Mount Othrys. Then, I had thought the greatest threat I would ever face would have been Atlas. I was wrong. My mind returned to the present and I looked up at Tartarus. He was laughing. Your fear smells wonderful. He said. I see the appeal of having a physical body with so many senses. Perhaps my beloved Gaea is right, wishing to wake from her slumber. With that, he reached out for me. I felt my fear spike, and I tried to run. But I couldn't. My legs were frozen to the ground and my eyes were wide and his huge purple hand stretched out towards me. I was going to die. Suddenly, Bob was there. His spear was pointed at the primordial as he wielded more courage than I could ever possibly have. "Begone!" Bob said. "You have no right to meddle!" Tartarus turned from me to face Bob. Meddle? I am the lord of ALL creatures of the darkness, puny Iapetus. I can do as I please." His face spun faster, emitting a terrible sound. I fell to my knees, my hands covering my ears. Twenty feet away, Annabeth was doing the same. Bob's life force appeared to be separating from his body as the cyclone face lf Tartarus sucked it in. Bob roared, charging Tartarus. He went flying as Tartarus swatted him away. Why do you know disintegrate? Tartarus mused. You are nothing. You are even weaker than Krios and Hyperion. "I am Bob," Bob said. Tartarus hissed. What is that? What is Bob? Bob spoke. "I choose to be more than Iapetus. You do not control me. I am not like my brothers." Small Bob jumped out of his overalls and hissed at Tartarus. "Also," He said. "I have a good cat." Bob stabbed at Tartarus, distracting him from us, while Small Bob helped. Tartarus roared in anger. You will die first, Iapetus. He decided. Afterward, I will add your soul to my armor, where it will slowly dissolve, over and over, in eternal agony. Bob ignored him, instead turning to face us. "Take the doors," he said. "I will deal with Tartarus." Tartarus roared once more, sucking a few more monsters into his vortex face. Deal with me? You are only a Titan, a lesser child of Gaea! I will make you suffer for your arrogance. And as for your tiny mortal friends… Tartarus faced us once more, sweeping his arms across the ranks of monsters. DESTROY THEM! Annabeth raised her sword and shouted my name. "Percy!" That was enough to free me of my paralysis. I grabbed the sword in front of me and jumped to my feet. Riptide seemed lighter, and glowed brighter than I had ever remembered before. Ares' curse seemed to have lifted, even if the curse from Heracles time remained upon it. I cut through the monsters faster than I ever had before. All I could see of Riptide was a celestial bronze arc and the leather grip which fit perfectly in my hands. Behind me, Annabeth was slicing the chains on the Doors of Death. An arai lunged at me and I slashed across its midsection. Immediately pain surged throughout my whole body and I yelled. "Gah! Stupid curses!" I moved forward, slicing through a group of telekhines. Annabeth was shouting at me. "Percy get over here!" I backed up to the doorway of the Doors of Death. I backed up, joining her. This was reminding me of our battle for Manhattan. We were regrouping at the doors. It would be our bridge. "You okay?" She asked. I nodded. I had to get her out of here. There were too many monsters for us to handle. "Got some sort of pain curse from that arai." A gryphon came careening out of the