A/N: This is a One-Shot for a good friend of mine (Saren) who has grown to love the ship Rumil/Wynter. So this is going to be a "Well what would've happened if she ended up in Lothorien instead of Brandywine River?" plot line. Also, if you like this, you should TOTALLY check out "I Didn't Ask For This" which is where my OC Wynter originally is from. Anywho~ Enjoy! This is thoughts (which will have "" I thought) and what she's writing. Everything was black. I heard the soft twittering of birds. Slowly, I gripped at something soft below me. The air smelled wet and full of life. Carefully, I opened one eye. The sunlight blinded me as I quickly closed my eye again. " Where the hell am I ," I thought while I was pushing myself up into a sitting position. Then I felt something. I don't know what I felt, but all I knew was that I wasn't alone. My eyes shot open as my heart started racing. The sharp tip of an arrow was aimed at me and I pushed myself back until my back hit a tree. My eyes followed the path that the arrow made up to whoever now held my life in their hands. He had long blonde hair and striking blue eyes. There was a group of people who looked very similar to him, with different variations of his hair and eye color. Who were also holding arrows. The one who I deemed the most threatening at the moment began to speak… in gibberish. I stared up at him in confusion, trying to find something remotely familiar in his speech. When he finished, he noticed me looking confused. He then proceeded to talk again in English. "Who are you and why are you trespassing into the forest of the Lady of the Light?" I opened my mouth to start asking questions like 'Who are you ' and 'Who is the Lady of the Light' and, in a secret little corner of my mind, 'Is she a unicorn?! '. Cue a happy face on that last question. The unexpected happened though. Nothing came out. I tried to speak again, but not even a squeak was being made. Panic started to build inside of me. " What if this crazy person is going to kill me because I can't answer him? I can't even explain to him that I can't answer him! " " Not to mention this crazy person has pointy ears, " a voice replied to me. " P-Pointy… ears? " I looked up, my eyes immediately going to his ears. They were extremely pointy. Both of his ears poked out through his hair. " Oh how did I miss that ," I thought before things went black. The first thing I heard was two people talking. At first the voices were far off, but when they became clear I heard a male voice say, "So you asked her a couple questions and she then started looking like she was lost in thought? Then after that she looked back up at you and then her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she fainted?" "Yes," said a familiar voice, "For the tenth time that is what happened." The first voice let out a musical laugh. Soon a new voice joined in, "Why is the girl here though? Would it not have been easier to put her within the cells? You do not know if she is dangerous or not." "I highly doubt that a young girl like her would be dangerous. She has no muscle to speak of. It would be impossible for her to best any of us and there were no weapons found on her. Just a pack and an odd metal item." " My I-Pod! I totally forgot about it. I hope it isn't cracked again… " "I know you're awake. You can open your eyes now." Hesitantly I opened one eye. There was the crazy person who was holding the arrow to my head sitting at a table with two other males. They both looked similar to him. One of them was sitting across from him. His hair was tied back and his eyes were a bright blue. The other one was leaning against a shelf. He had stormy grey eyes and the bangs in his hair fell into his eyes at times. All three of them were looking at me. Reluctantly, I sat up in the comfy bed. For the next few minutes, they kept staring. I began playing with a loose thread on the blanket that was on top of me. After another minute or so, I looked up and awkwardly waved at them. The one who I was most familiar with stood from his chair, "I'm going to inform the Lady that the girl has woken up. I will be back soon." He left the room. There was a silence between the three of us that were left. If wasn't awkward, but it wasn't pleasant either. When the silence became too much for me, I got out of the bed that I was in. I started walking through the room looking for my backpack. Suddenly I felt someone behind me and I jumped, quickly turning around. "What are you looking for," the one with the grey eyes asked. I opened my mouth to say 'I'm looking for my backpack' but nothing came out. " Oh yeah… I can't talk. " Deciding to play everyone's favorite white faced, black lipped street performer, I began to move my hands so they were making the shape of my backpack. He didn't seem to understand. Rapidly scanning the room, I found a brown leather messenger bag near the table in the room. Walking towards it, I pointed to it. "You are looking for your pack." I nodded. "Orophin, Do you know where her pack is." The male with the tied back hair, Orophin, looked towards us, "I believe Haldir placed it under the bed." I practically flew towards the bed. Lifting the sheets up from the side of the bed, I saw my bag. Smiling, I pulled it out looking it over. Its condition seemed okay, just a couple tears. I unzipped the turquoise bag and took out my I-Pod. The screen was terribly cracked. An uneasy feeling filled me as I cautiously pressed one of the buttons to turn it on. The screens stayed black. Quickly, I kept pressing the button. " B-But… My music ," I thought, crying on the inside. That was when the door opened again. I turned my body slightly. There was a tall, beautiful woman with wavy blonde hair walking into the room. Orophin and the guy who helped me find my bag stood and bowed at the sight of the woman. She smiled at them and then her gaze met mine. "What is your name child," I heard inside my head. My eyes widened. " Did she just… " The woman in front of me laughed softly, "Yes I did." My mouth formed an "O" shape as she sat in front of me. "Now tell me, child, what is your name." " My name is Wynter. " "Wynter," she repeated, "What a pretty name. How did you come to these parts?" " I don't know ," I thought, very aware that there were three people in this room who only saw this as a one-sided conversation, " I… I was with my brother, Edmund, and his friend. We wanted to go see the meteor shower and then I heard a voice. She told me to wish for my heart's desire and then I ended up here. Where exactly is here? " "You are in Lothlórien." " What continent is that on? " "What do you mean?" " Well, there isn't a Lothlórien where I'm from. Or at least not to my knowledge. That means I'm on a different continent right? " "You are in Middle-Earth my dear." My body tensed, " S-Say that again? " "You are in Middle-Earth. A world that is guarded by the Valar." I gripped my arm tightly. Harshly, I pressed my nails into my skin, causing as much pain as I could to myself to be sure that one: I was dreaming, which I wasn't by the pain in my arm, and two: so I didn't faint again. I was in Ed and Haru's favorite movie trilogy. Crap. Quickly, I tried to keep my breathing even so that I wouldn't start hyperventilating. I felt someone move beside me a lightly touch the hand that was digging into my skin. Looking up, I saw stormy grey eyes. He began removing my hand while whispering, "Don't do that. You'll hurt yourself." Blushing, I pulled my hand out of his grip. Looking back up, I thought, " What's your name? And who are these guys here? " She smiled at me and motioned for me to come to her. I stood in front of her and she turned me around. Pointing to the man who threatened she said, "He is Haldir." Galadriel then pointed to Orophin. Before she could say his name, I quickly thought, " The grey eyed boy said his name, so I kind of know who he is. " She smiled and nodded then pointed to the one beside me, "Then this one is Rumil. He is the youngest of his brothers. Orophin, Haldir, Rumil, this is Wynter." Rumil smiled at me, "That's a pretty name. Suits her well, I think." I looked down, hoping to hide my blush. Suddenly I felt someone grab my hand and pull me up. My eyes met stormy-grey ones, "Well, why don't we show you around?" Without waiting for a reply he pulled me out of the room. Once we were out of the door, he turned left, leaving me to see that we were high up in a tree. My breath caught in my throat for two reasons. One, it was gorgeous up here and Two; it was a really long way down. Rumil's grip on my hand never let up as he raced down the stairs, dragging me behind him. He took me from one tree or clearing to another in what I would say was record time. There was a bakery, a training field, a tailor shop, anything that you would think a regular town would have. Finally he stopped at a stair case. I tried to catch my breath as he took a seat next to me on the stairs. "So, what do you think?" I was about to reply when I was reminded that I had no voice to use to speak to my kind acquaintance. Instead, I smiled gratefully at him, hoping that would convey my message. Before I could see his reaction, Haldir was walking towards us. "So this is where you've gone," he sighed heavily before turning to Rumil, "That was very rude of you Rumil. You left the Lady's presence unexcused. She said that she still had some things to discuss with our new… guest." Rumil grinned sheepishly up at his elder brother, "I am sorry, but I couldn't help myself. We haven't had a human here since… ever really. I find her fascinating." "And how long shall that last until you move to your next toy?" I frowned deeply at the thought. I didn't really mind being fascinating, but being called a toy, by someone who knew the handsome elf more than I did, unsettled me. A part of me was already growing to like Rumil, but now I felt somewhat hesitant. Instead of letting Rumil answer his question, Haldir turned to me. "I shall escort you to Lady Galadriel. There, I believe, you shall discuss your living arrangements among other things." I nodded standing to follow him when I felt a hand on my arm. Looking down to Rumil he smiled, giving a small wink, "When you are