Stray birds of summer come to my window to sing and fly away. And yellow leaves of autumn, which have no songs, flutter and fall there with a sigh. - Rabindranath Tagore Taloned copper nails, flesh feathered silver-and-gold, a bronze-beaked mask of a face. The first time he remembers his mother holding him, he cries because there is too much of her. "Oh Cinna ," she sighs and releases him to her Avox. He buries his face in her shoulder and underneath the gilded mask his mother's face cracks, though he never knows. "Its your face, Cloelia," his father tells her. "Better take it off." "What nonsense you do say, Chaff," she huffs. "Aquila's bird fashions are all the rage now. Cinna will just have to get used to it. Vita!" The Avox sets him down. Chaff crouches down to his son's level, holding his face with his one good hand so that their eyes meet. At four Cinna loves his father - he is the only family he knows - but more than that, he fears him. "Be a pet for your mother now, Cinna-boy," Chaff tells him. "She wants you." An odd thing to say to a little boy, he thinks, years later - a pet, not a man. Wants, not needs. It clicks into sense long afterwards. He sucks in his trembling lower lip, knowing that it is not a request. These are his marching orders and he puts out his hand for his mother. "There we go now!" Cloelia says brightly. "Oh baby, we are going to have so much fun!" "Fa?" Cinna asks uncertainly as Chaff puts on his jacket. At six and a half feet he towers over tiny Cloelia, the limping Avox and little Cinna. "Your father has work to do," Cloelia tells him, "He'll be busy mentoring and we'll be busy part-ayyying!" All in all, the Fifty-Eighth Hunger Games are not a success for either Chaff or Cloelia. The District Eleven tributes both die within the first hour at the bloodbath at the Cornucopia. And at her soirees, Cloelia quickly discovers that a scared little boy, though as adorable as a rarefied pet, is not nearly so tractable. On the train back home to District Eleven he plays with a basket filled with colorful cloth scraps, snipped off from his mother's old gowns by Vita. The only concession to self-alteration seems to be metallic gold eyeliner that has been applied with a light hand. It brings out the flecks of gold in his green eyes. On his good days, Chaff takes him to the fields sometimes. By the time the children in District Eleven are seven, they start working during harvest-time. Chaff doesn't have to, but he likes to and he takes Cinna along with him. Its one of the few times he can mix freely with other children - he doesn't go to the normal school but has a tutor who comes everyday to teach him and after school the district children rarely have time to play, they're always too busy doing chores at first he is shy with them. He doesn't even look much like them and stands out like a sore thumb. His hair, though curly like theirs, is dark brown and not black, his cinnamon skin lighter than theirs, his eyes green like his mother's instead of golden-brown like theirs. But then one of the little girls helps him climb a tree and shows him the signal for quitting-time. She whistles it three times for him before he can do it himself. He shares his lunch with her and her eyes grow huge when she sees the food wrapped up in his basket. Loaves of soft white bread, butter and cheese to spread it, a few chocolates left over from the giant hamper his mother sent him for his birthday. "Do you eat like this everyday ?" she demands. He blushes. "Bet I was as lucky," she says enviously, "Some nights my stomach just rumbles and rumbles at night." "You can come over to my house anytime you want," he offers. She smiles. "I'd like that." "Except for-" he says but then mutters, "Nothing. You can come anytime you want." Except for Fa's bad days. " I know Chaff by sight cause I've spent years watching him pass a bottle back and forth with Haymitch on television. " Its not the first time his father hits him, but it is the first time he walks out. He stumbles blindly through the gloaming, one hand pressed to his bleeding nose. Half the houses in the Victors' Village are empty but he finds his way to Seeder's. "Mercy, what's happened to you!" she yelps when she sees him. "Fa," he mumbles but she doesn't hear him, just drags him to her kitchen. She bandages his nose, mashes a poultice for his bruises and sits him down at the table with a tall glass of milk and frosted cookies. "Chaff been drinking again?" she asks, running a hand through her short black hair. She sighs when he nods. "Time was when I felt sorry for those poor kids - Chaff, Haymitch, them morphlings - but now I'm done with it. Does he beat you a lot?" "Not a lot," he mumbles, "just when he's-" "Been drinking, which he does a damn too much for his own good," she says curtly. "How old are you, child?" "Eight." "Better stay the night with me," she says. "Chaff won't know and in the morning I'll have a talk with him." She puts him in the spare bedroom and finds a set of pajamas for him from somewhere. They're a girl's though, pink with red roses, and a little long for him. She laughs when he makes a face at them and says, "They were my daughter's." "I never knew you had a daughter." "No, how would you? She died long before you were born or even thought of. Saffron was only twelve - it was her first Reaping." Seeder smiles tightly. "You favor your mother, you know. More cinnamon than black. Lucky for you." "I don't remember my mother." He hasn't seen her since he was four and then only for a few weeks. And before that he has only ever lived with his father. Of course, when he was only a baby his mother kept him in the Capitol, to show him off to her society friends, but he doesn't remember that. "Hmm. Think it's time that changed then." "I'm scared of her. I don't want to live with her." "Oh pet, its never about what you want. Its always about how the odds will favor you." His mother dresses him for his Citizenship Ceremony when he is nine and he likes it not one bit. "I'm big enough to choose my own clothes," he tells Vita petulantly and she smiles. "Besides I'd choose much better than her." At that however, she puts her finger to her lips and he mimics her, knowing that if Cloelia heard there'd be a row. A tight-fitting green brocade jacket, a belt glittering with tiny electric bulbs, loose gold lame trousers gathered at the ankle. Red leather shoes with extravagantly curled-up points. A wig, garishly dyed pink, with curls falling to the middle of his back. A crown of cobalt-blue feathers in it. "Oh, I just love it!" his mother's friend, Prisca, gushes. "Its so-so-" Words fail her so she settles for bouncing up and down on the spot, waving her arms like a windmill. Behind her back, her daughter Portia makes a face. "I know," Cloelia says smugly. "I designed it myself!" There's still a bit of time before they need to go down so Prisca and Cloelia settle down for a good gossip over cups of hot chocolate. "I like your outfit," Portia smirks. Both her parents were Capitol-born so she doesn't need a Citizenship Ceremony unlike Cinna - she and her mother are just joining them for moral support. She looks pretty in a gauzy white gown, a rose-colored satin sash tied at her waist and her hair braided with pearls. She twirls when she notices him looking. "I designed it myself." Cinna ignores her. He settles down on the window-seat with his sketch-book and pastels and begins to design an outfit that he thinks would much better suit him. A coat of palest gold reaching to his knees, like summer wheat. Delicate patterns picked out in the weft - men working in the fields, children picking apples from the trees, mothers playing in the sun with their babies, birds and butterflies. A different world. A shirt and trousers embroidered with candy-colored townhouses and carousels, people and scenes from the Capitol. Portia has been watching him all along. When he finishes she shouts to her mother, "Mummy! I want a drawing teacher just like Cinna has. I don't think my old one is half as good." "But Cinna doesn't have a drawing teacher, darling - or have you just hired one for him, Cloelia dear?" "No I haven't had time, I've only had him to myself for a week-" Their mothers trail into the room like oversized candy-colored buzzards. He tries to snap his sketchbook shut but Prisca is too quick for him. "Oh my," she gasps, rifling through the pages. "Why these are so-" Cloelia's pencil-thin eyebrows rise as high as she can make them grow. "I never knew you drew, Cinna." There's a lot of things you don't know about me. Mother. He swings his feet sullenly. She looks uncertain, at a loss for something to say. "Well," she says brightly, clapping her hands, "I guess I'll just have to make up for lost time now, hmm? I'm sure we'll be the best of friends in no time at all!" His Citizenship Ceremony is held at one of the downtown Administrative Offices. Apart from Prisca and Portia, a few of his relatives on his mother's side attend including his grandfather, an important Government official. They make him stand on a podium and recite the short speech he's been taught to memorize. Take a few vows over a big book. He doesn't really understand it though he knows that after it he will be ineligible for the yearly Reapings, that Citizenship Ceremonies for children from the Districts - even for "half-n'half's" like him - are unusual. He is now entitled to the benefits of a child born in the Capitol, to two Capitol parents. Prosperity. Protection. On the ride back home he asks Cloelia when Chaff will come to pick him up. "Oh sweetheart, don't you know? I'm going to be your primary guardian now and you can live with me! Won't that be a delight?" It takes a while to register. "So I'll never see Fa again?" "Of course you will - he'll be back every year for the Games, won't he?" "And District Eleven?" "You know Capitol citizens can't go to the Districts without permission." His mother wrinkles her nose. "Don't tell me you want to go back to that dreadful place again, Cinna!" He bites his lip and says nothing, knowing that she will never understand. It's funny, because even though they're rattling on about the Games, it's all about where they were or what they were doing or how they felt when a specific event occurred. Everything is about them, not the dying boys and girls in the arena. At school they laugh at him. If he stuck out like a sore thumb in District Eleven, he feels barely human in the Capitol. They mimic his accent, they cover their noses when he walks by. The bolder ones shove him, trip him up when they can. "Don't let them get at you," Portia tells him but he thinks she's one to talk. She's Capitol-born, not a half-breed, a freak, like him. He starts eating his lunch in the toilets, sketching furiously away in order to take his mind off