Revision 1.0: 11 March, 2010 Revision 2.0: 11 March, 2015 . This story was a Fic challenge from user "WHITEOWL". Here were her requirements: 1. Draco x Hermione of course. 2. Hermione's broken in some way. 3. Theodore Nott is not allowed to be the kind of lovable guy you love him to be. (sorry about that). 4. Set in Hogwarts. Optional as to when. 5. Include/Reference a unicorn, fairies, Leprechaun and the LochNess Monster. 6. Ginny Weasley is not the brilliant best friend you like her to be either. (Again, sorry about that but it had to be done) 7. Keep things believable! 8. Include a fight, either verbal or physical that's up to you. Optional as between who. Non-con requested. 9. Angsty, passionate sex. Multiple times if possible. 10. Include a bit of voyeurism. DISCLAIMER: "Harry Potter" is the property of J.K. Rowling and Warner Bros. This fanfiction was written entirely for fun, not for profit, and no copyright infringement is intended. All characters depicted in sexual situations are above the age of consent. Timeline: October, 2006 – December 2007 Main Characters: Draco Malfoy x Hermione Granger Other Characters (in alphabetical order by last name): Mr. & Mrs. Granger, Lucius Malfoy, Narcissa Malfoy, Minerva McGonagall, Theodore Nott, Harry Potter, Ginny Weasley, Molly Weasley, Ron Weasley + original characters Story Details: Novel compliant up to The Final Battle of Hogwarts (May, 1998), then follows the EWE format (Epilogue, What Epilogue?). British spellings for this fic. Summary: Professor Hermione Granger-Weasley is married to a consummate cheater in Ron Weasley, but so far, she's taken the high-road, choosing to forgive his infidelities. However, in her heart, she is desperately in lust with Professor Draco Malfoy – her former childhood enemy, and now co-worker at Hogwarts. Draco has set his sights on wooing Hermione away from her husband, and he's refusing to take 'no' for an answer. This will be an affair to remember! Warnings: Explicit het sex, Explicit profanity, Infidelity, Obsessive desire, Falling in love with a co-worker, Unplanned pregnancy, Divorce, Jealousy issues, Child birth out of wedlock, First-time new mother problems (breastfeeding, unwarranted fears of hurting child, bonding issues), Remarriage, Family squabbles, Blood prejudice, Slytherin manipulations, Angst-Angst-Angst. Author's Additional Notes: In revision 2.0 of the story, I removed the non-con/rape element, as it didn't fit with the story's flow and was uncomfortable for too many readers, as well as me, the author. AN AFFAIR TO REMEMBER by: RZZMG Early October, 2006 The Hogwarts library was always comfortably quiet on a Friday night, especially after ten o'clock, but now that once succoring silence held a palpable tension to it that threatened to unhinge Hermione. "Please stop," she begged, not looking her companion in the eye, but down at her sensible leather shoes, gripping the book she'd previously been reading before being interrupted, More Fantastic Beasts & Where To Find These Too, close to her chest. "This isn't a game." True to character, Draco Malfoy did not take her request with graceful surrender. Instead, he made a challenging step closer. She took one backwards in automatic response, colliding with the bookshelf finally, knowing there was no where left to run now. She was effectively cornered by him as his arms shot out and blocked her escape to both the left and right sides. "I never considered it one, Granger," he murmured, his breath hot against her face as he drew into her personal space without fear. "Weasley," she corrected in a whisper, terrified now by her traitorous heart and how it reacted to this man's presence. "Granger," he stubbornly retorted. "We both know your relationship with freckle face is a sham." She shook her head, put her hands up to his chest to push him away, but the wall of his pectoral muscles - and one hell of a center of gravity - solidly resisted her attempts. "Move, please," she pleaded, shaking all over now. "Don't do this. I'm a married woman." "Only on a sodding piece of paper!" he snarled, and capturing her small wrists in one hand, Malfoy abruptly yanked them above her head and pressed the entire length of his rock hard body against hers. He swooped down in the next second and kissed her for the first time. They both gasped and moaned at the electric feeling of finally, after years of verbal foreplay, they physically joined. It was true magic. Hermione's overly active mind completely shut off and her sexually-starved body switched on as her co-worker's lips hungrily slanted over hers, at first conquering, then slowly coaxing a response from her, seeking her participation in her own seduction. Her will completely eroded in that instant, and with a whimper, she gave in to her basest desire. The book she'd been holding dropped with an unceremonious 'thunk' to the floor, flipping open to the bookmarked page she'd been reading on Karkadann, a type of very rare Persian Unicorn. As soon as she relaxed and her mouth parted for him, Draco's tongue shot repeatedly between the split and fiercely twined around hers, sensually coaxing a response. His grip on her wrists let go, and his hands fell into her curls, tangling his long, pale fingers up in them, pulling her head closer to his with a low groan. She gripped his hips tightly for purchase, afraid she'd go tumbling end over end much as her book had, for she felt like she was in free fall. This was the best kiss Hermione could ever remember getting, quite honestly. But then again, she'd only lip-locked with two other men in the entirety of her life: once with the Bulgarian heartthrob, Viktor Krum (a hurried, sloppy series of small pecks – her first intimacy with a man), and from then on, only with her husband, Ron (whose kisses were little more than a rushed platitude as he groped to remove her clothes and get her on her back fast). With Draco, this pleasurable art encompassed lingering, sweet, and hot touches that tingled up her spine and melted her brain. As if cued by her eager response, his pelvis began grinding against hers and he pushed her further back into the shelf. Pent-up desire exploded between them then. Panting hard, they started divesting themselves of clothing in a rush. His hands roamed everywhere, smoothing down the sway of her back, gliding up her waist, cupping her now exposed breasts. His mouth followed an erratic pattern as well, nibbling on her earlobe, sucking hard on her nipples, biting her pulse, sweeping across her lips. Her nails dragged down his back leaving a trail of red streaks between both shoulder blades. Their equal cries of pleasure echoed in the empty room about them. Locked onto her lips, Draco backed her swiftly towards one of the flat tables nearby, and with an easy pull of muscle, he had her bare bottom up on the very edge of the cold, wooden surface. She spread her legs and he inched between her thighs. His exposed cock pressed against her lower lips, rubbing through her crisp hairs, leaving a trail of pre-come behind, dampening them. "Tell me you want me," he bid, shuddering against her as the rosy-pink tip of his penis found her entrance and waited, straining for completion. He reached down between them and grabbed it, and began circling her sopping wet opening with the crown, tickling and teasing. "Say it, Hermione." She shivered. It had been so bloody long since she'd had sex –- over a year and a half, at least - and even then, she'd never felt this accelerated level of desire for Ron, ever. Her blood was boiling under her overly-sensitized skin, and she flushed hot all over, from the tips of her ears to her toes. She wanted Malfoy so much that her insides ached. It had been all that cleverly built-up anticipation, of course. All of the months of lingering stares across the Quidditch stands or in the Entrance Hall or in the teacher's lounge, the "accidental" brushes against her hands or waist or bottom by his well-manicured, long fingers as they passed each other in the hallways or coming and going from the storage closets or in the Greenhouses, the low whispers against her ear as he bent his tall frame down to wish her good morning or good afternoon or good evening, the argumentative banter that he threw around that had contained double entendre and sly innuendo and blatant intimation… all of it had driven her mad with want for him for almost a full year, and now they hovered on the brink of finally giving in to all of that repressed, wild sexual energy. All it would take was her telling him what she wanted. Grabbing Draco's biceps, she grit her teeth and looked him in the eye, feeling emboldened, almost drunk on her complete abandonment of control. "TAKE. ME." It was good enough. He nodded, and lining them up perfectly, he grabbed her thighs and thrust into her roughly, burying himself to the hilt. They both gasped loudly and their foreheads clunked together, as they reveled in the feeling of being so recklessly connected finally. He rocked side to side a bit to help open her up. Godric, he was so big, filling her up, stretching her out! "You're tight," he hissed, his fingers pressing into her thighs, bruising. "Merlin's rod, Granger, you haven't had sex in a long time, have you?" She shook her head, unable to form coherent sentences; her whole body was primed for feeling only. Silken steel lay locked within her, and it felt so delicious to be wanted with such extreme and honest passion. Hermione wanted to cry at the brilliant sensations swirling through her body just then. Laying her back on the desk gently, Draco leaned over her, staring into her eyes as if memorizing her in this moment. Then, he smirked arrogantly. "Remember not to make too much noise." With that, he rose to his full height, grabbed her hips and started moving. At first, he was leisurely, deliberate, pulling all the way out and gliding all the way back in unhurriedly, letting them both work into the experience. It was so nice, feeling every inch give itself away to her, but the speed wasn't to Hermione's liking. She didn't want enforced restraint - she wanted them free, chaotic, primal. Wrapping her legs around her lover's waist and gripping his wrists firmly, she dug her heels into his arse, urging him on, hastening his momentum. "Fuck me, Malfoy. Fuck me hard," she demanded in a low growl and he swore under his breath, his eyes darkening as the dominant animal inside him was given permission to come out and play. The grip on her hips tightened as he pulled her to him with an acute strength and began giving her what she wanted. He slammed into her, setting a fast, powerful tempo that had her biting back the wail that threatened to give their illicit affair away to the whole castle. It was both pleasure and pain; the kind of ecstasy she'd always hungered for. She peeked up at him and he was alternating between watching her face, watching her breasts move, and watching himself sink into her. His wintery irises were glimmering, his lips were parted, and his cheeks were crimson with lust. Merlin, he was so beautiful! In a very short amount of time, her orgasm crept up on her. She clenched her lower muscles forcefully, focusing her whole being on where they were joined. "Oh, gods, I'm so close," she warned him. "Don't stop!" He complied, holding nothing back, pounding harder, his breathing as desperate as her own. When it came, her climax crashed into her with all the force of a white-hot, pleasuring wave, dragging her down and drowning her in bliss. Draco's name was torn from her lips as her back arched under its incredible power. A beat later, her core clamped down on