Disclaimer: All aspects of the Harry Potter universe belong to JK Rowling and Warner Brothers Entertainment. I shamelessly twist, bend, and snap this universe to suit my own needs. Summary: Harry recognized the need for the DA in his first year rather than his fifth. With a group of powerful friends, unexpected allies, and the planning to overcome age old enemies and meddling Headmasters as well, can these students traverse the dangerous halls of Hogwarts and the world outside of them? Can they defeat the Dark Lord and his followers while fighting for communal reform? "I still can't believe how lucky we were last night," Hermione said to Ron and Harry at the breakfast table. "I mean, we nearly died. Where were the professors?" "Arriving just in time to take credit?" Harry offered. "And it wasn't luck — did you see Ron with that club?" She had, in fact, seen him drop the club on the trolls head quite clearly. She'd forever mark it as the day her life had been changed. "That was right awesome, wasn't it?" Ron asked, looking rather chuffed. "No, it wasn't — we got lucky! We don't even know any defensive spells because Defense is-" Hermione began before stopping. "Because it's not-" "Because Quirrel's a worthless teacher?" Harry posed. "That's not what I meant," she defended hotly. "I just don't find his teaching style…agreeable," "That's the nice way of putting it," "Can't get a bloody thing from him with that stutter," Ron complained over a mouthful of food. "And I can't understand a word you're saying when you talk with food in your mouth," Hermione said while giving her redheaded compatriot a disgusted look. "I said, 'can't get a bloody thing from him with that stutter,'" he spoke up louder around the same mouthful of food. The brunette looked, if possible, more disgusted before she turned back to Harry. "I've been reading the textbook and even that's not very good," Hermione said, looking as if the words pained her. "No textbooks are," her newest red-headed friend grumbled. "I know what you mean," Harry told her, ignoring Ron. "All theory, no spells." "I'm sure it's because we're only studying the first year curriculum but I think I'd like to know some real spells now that I know how dangerous it is here. I've made a list of a few but I haven't tried any of them," she confided. "Could be interesting, some real magic. Give Malfoy something to really complain about," "You shouldn't let him get to you," she lectured. "He's absolutely foul but rising to his pettiness is only going to make things worse for you," "Have you heard him though?" Harry asked. "Always going on about his father." "He does come off as rather entitled," "You mean he's right spoilt," Ron corrected, waving the slice of ham he'd speared inelegantly with his fork. "All those Malfoy's are. Bad all around, the lot of them. That's what my dad says." "It seems wrong to judge the whole family," Hermione contradicted. "Unless they're all like him," Harry grumbled. "True," Hermione agreed, shrugging when Harry shot her a surprised look. "It'd still be good to practice actual spells," she added after a moment. "Let's do it then," "Well we don't exactly have the room for it and I doubt the upper years would appreciate first years practicing defensive spells in the common room," "You know, there's a pretty large room at the top of the corridor up the stairs to the left of the common room entrance," Harry noted. "We could use it for practice." "I don't remember a room there," "I pushed against a frame and the painting opened up — I'll show you after class," "Why haven't you shown me, mate?" "I only go really early in the morning," Harry told him. "To exercise. It's a pretty cool room," "Exercise? What're you doing a thing like that for? You could just play Quidditch," "Quidditch isn't a full workout, Ron," he told his friend. "And I tried inviting you one morning and you refused to get up. Shouted something about ginger snaps," Hermione rolled her eyes. "Besides, I always went for runs at the Dursley's," "The Dursley's?" Hermione asked. "My aunt and uncle," he said tersely, leaving it at that. His friends didn't know that he exercised frequently to get a leg up on Dudley and his gang for their favorite game of Harry hunting. "We can go after potions," she decided. "Hey mate," Seamus spoke up from two seats down on Ron's left. "You mind if we join you? Wouldn't mind a bit of extra defense practice myself. Don't exactly have the luck of the Irish in me, think I can use all the help I can get," Neville, painfully shy as he was, nodded in agreement. "As long as you don't blow anyone up, Seamus," Harry joked. "We could make a study group," Hermione said happily, eyes brightening. "We can meet every other day and-" "Woah Hermione," Harry interrupted. "I've got Quidditch practice and homework too. I'd like time to breathe. Maybe twice a week if we really have to," Hermione looked disappointed but worked to tamper her enthusiasm. "Besides, I don't think I've ever done so much school reading in my life," he continued. "We have to have time for classwork too." "Agreed," Lavender Brown spoke up from the next bench over; she had to lean forward quite far to get Harry, Hermione, and Ron in her sight. More than a few Gryffindors in the vicinity nodded along with her. "Are you guys all listening in?" Hermione asked indignantly after surveying the nodders. Lavender gave her a raised-brow look to say that the answer should be obvious. "Duh." "How're you hearing from so far down there anyways?" Harry asked in a wary voice. From the opposite side of the table, a mousy brunette spoke up with more spunk than he expected. "Eavesdropping charms, of course." "Or hearing improvement charms," Lavender chatted. "Eavesdropping charms? Hearing improv-" Harry cried out. "Ugh, just, never mind. Does anyone else want to join a hands-on defense study group?" More than a few hands went up at the Gryffindor table. "You've got to tell us about the troll though, Potter," the brunette spoke up again. Harry looked at his plate before shaking his head. "Who're you, anyways?" "Fay Dunbar, second year," she answered. "Mind if I bring a friend? She's a Hufflepuff," "…sure," Harry agreed slowly, looking to Hermione. "I don't think the houses are meant to divide students; it's not just a Gryffindor study club," "Well no slimy snakes," Ron pitched in. Hermione shot him an angry look. "We're not banning Slytherins, Ron. Two months ago you stood next to them and waited to get sorted just the same. They're just people — eleven year olds aren't automatically evil once they're sorted into Slytherin," "They're not all good!" "There's been some evil Gryffindor's," she reminded. "Merwynch the Wild in 1205 murdered 15 light witches and he was a Gryffindor," Ron looked mildly reproached but continued eating sloppily. The eavesdroppers, now part of the conversation, openly wrinkled their faces in disgust. "Ron," Lavender spoke up in a scarily demure voice for an eleven year old. "You'd be so much cuter if you chewed with your mouth shut," Ron stopped eating momentarily while the girl batted her eyes at him; most of the listeners had scooted notably closer to the original trio. "Huh?" he asked dumbly. "Why would I care?" Then he diligently went back to inhaling his third helping. That stopped no less than two seconds later as he gripped his nose and yipped, dropping his fork and sending some potatoes skittering over the table. "What the bloody hell was that?" "Language," Hermione scolded before turning to Lavender, her enthusiasm for new magic never dampening. "Was that a stinging hex? They don't teach those until fifth year, though I read ahead a bit, of course," "Girl, no," Lavender cut her off. "That was a plucking charm to the nose — now chew with your mouth shut, Ronald," Ron, who's eyes were watering excessively, merely rubbed his nose furiously and tried to blink away the tears. The two girls ignored his muttered complaints and continued talking. "You know what, I'll teach it to you tonight. Me and Parvati were going to do makeovers tonight anyways. I've got a load of products that can help with that hair," "What's wrong with my hair?" Hermione asked self-consciously, biting back the urge to correct Lavender's 'Me and Parvati' to 'Parvati and I.' She was so used to being picked on for being the bushy-haired book worm. This was the first time her roommates had taken any sort of interest in including her in their activities and she wasn't going to muck it up. "There's nothing wrong with it, right girls?" Fay, from opposite of Harry, agreed with Lavender as did a few of the other Gryffindor girls. "You've got gorgeous natural highlights," Parvati complimented from her place next to Lavender. Under her breath she mumbled something vaguely along the lines of "bloody white women" and "bloody genetic circumstance." Hermione looked both startled and amused before hesitantly agreeing. Ron and Harry shared terrified looked — what had just happened? A three-person study group now involved most of the Gryffindor first years and at least one Hufflepuff. And now the girls had taken over and were talking fashion and makeovers! Seamus and Neville shared secretly exasperated looks with Harry and Ron. 'Girls,' their eye-roll said. "Bloody- OW," Seamus yelped, grasping his nose. Lavender gave him a withering look; she'd seen the eye roll. Cowed, all of the boys went back to their breakfast — Ron, most noticeably, with his mouth shut. That night, 19 people showed up — they were milling about the corridor at the top of the stairs nearest the portrait of the Fat Lady when Harry, Hermione, and Ron appeared. They were all tugging on the portrait frames, trying to find the proper one, much to the consternation of the frame's occupants. "Holy…" Harry trailed off. "Oi, let us in Potter," Fay spoke up. "Uhm, right," Ron, however, was staring at his twin brothers. "What are you two doing here?" "Just heard of a gathering of some firsties…" "…and thought we'd join in," "Well you're more than welcome," Hermione assured them. "I'm Hermione Granger," "This is Gred…" "…and I'm Forge," Ron rolled his eyes. Harry ignored them and stepped up to a unique painting not far from the stairs; it was some sort of frothing, stormy beach and the frame was arched almost gothically. With just a touch, the frame swung open to reveal a reasonably sized doorway. One by one, the students poured into the room. Most of the students were shy and nervous, taking in the room and talking amongst themselves to the friend that had told them about the group in the first place. "Bloody hell, Potter," Fay spoke up first. "You said you found a room, not another Great Hall." The room was, in fact, almost the same size as the great hall if slightly narrower. The ceilings were towering and the light was obviously artificial; the weather in Scotland was gloomy and rainy in reality. Arching stone columns reached up to the ceiling and a couple of them supported a small loft area at the top of a set of stone spiral stairs. The opposite side of the room housed a long dueling platform, leaving a large open space under the loft and in the middle of the room. "It's like the Lincoln Cathedral in here," Hermione said as she spun around. It was rather cathedral like in architecture and design, excepting the pews and stained glass windows. "Yeah, I thought it was pretty cool," "I pulled on that frame a few times — why didn't it open for me?" Seamus asked. "I don't know, mate. Maybe we can figure it out," Harry shrugged. "Hermione's wicked with