Category: The Lord of the Rings Title: Lust and Temptation Authors: Crystal Charmer, Shooting Starlight, British Child, Micks Genre: Drama/Horror/Angst/Supernatural Rating: PG-13 Warnings: Some mild non-consensual references, mild violence Summary: Spoken from the PoVs of Frodo, Sam, Gollum and the One Ring itself. The binds of seduction are strong and fastened with mighty ropes of allure and comfort. When four small characters collide on the slopes of Mordor, will they be able to hold? Disclaimer: All characters recognized in The Lord of the Rings books are under copyright of J.R.R Tolkien. Chapter 1 is written by Crystal Charmer. -oOo- Chapter 1 – Prisoner of Rest Night settles in, closing around the clouds and sky. I pull the blanket closer to my chin to shut out the mild chill that seems to be dancing in the air. The silence here is eerie and worrying: no chirps, no whispers through long grass. I have become rather familiar to these surroundings by now; as quiet as death but as deafening as thunder. I find myself rolling onto my back, staring up at the fading stars. They seem to be growing fainter and fainter when I set my eyes upon them, a thought that rather frightens me. The stars have always given me hope, but when the lights burn out, and leave me in the darkness...what hope is there left? Lying on my side once more, I find my gaze fixing on Sam, as he sleeps peacefully beneath the ebony clouds. I sigh heavily and rub my weary eyelids. O, Sam...How I hope that I may dream of autumn skies and crisp brown leaves once again as you do. My sight never leaving Sam's resting body, I gently try to close my eyes and drift into slumber, although my lids feel rather sore and there is a dry feeling present in my mouth. As I sense shadows casting over me, I suddenly feel a smooth brush of ice and stone brush across my breast: The Ring. A tiny gasp of desperation flutters from my lips as my seeking fingers grasp it tightly, protecting it from peril. I cannot afford to lose it – not now. Relief washes over me like a wave of crystal as I hold it to my heart tenderly, my eyes finding relaxation at last in a wonderful blend of darkness and heat. I use my free hand to pull the elven cloak around my chest as I snuggle into the blankets. I must keep it safe...Gandalf told me to; I must keep it safe... These thoughts continue to swim inside of my head as I feel sleep eventually overpower me, trapping me in a world of fire, wind and shadow, washing any chance of dreams and happiness from my soul and smudging a frown to my brow. -oOo- Inky gloom devours my thoughts and my mind as I lie there in absolute stillness, no sound or movement. I listen for a sign of breath or murmur from either Sam or Sméagol, but I hear nothing, not even the sigh of the air. I clutch the Ring tighter in my fist, a swallow falling down my throat. I feel warm air upon my cheeks; a mild breeze. It whispers through my ears and I shiver despite the heat of it. "Frodo, love..." I hear it call, now all around me. I flinch under the blankets at the cold, haunting tone. I find that my heart begins to pound, as the voice seems to close in around my arms and chest and hair. I cannot help but moan weakly as space around me grows thinner. What is this? What is happening? I don't – Sam ...Sam, where are you? I shrivel into myself, searching for my dear friend in this mist of nightmares. I struggle to open my eyes but find that they are too heavy to comply with my wishes. I hear the wind again, nearer than before: " Sweet Frodo," it soothes, and now I sense a touch caress my cheek, and I stir a little. The darkness almost seems to grow. I can feel it. The contact is so warm...so smooth. My breath escapes me in a silent sigh of comfort as I move into it. It reminds me of the soft, flickering heat of a flame when palms are placed to it. The voice brushes against the side of my face now, sweeping across the lobe of my ear. A shiver flies across my back as the voice seems to change, hissing sinisterly. I curl into myself in an effort to send it away, but it only responds by speech. "Sssh, sleep, Frodo... beautiful Frodo," I hear it say. "So cold... Zogtark burzum-ishi..." It chuckles, gentle although haunting. I find myself wincing as the sound of the sharp language fills my head, and a sheet of nausea covers my soul. I begin to struggle in my sleep: at last I recognise the voice! The Black Speech of Mordor – the tongue of the Dark Lord! The Ring... it is the Ring! "No," I murmur quietly, as I fight It off blindly and feel something soft and teasing wind itself over my shoulders and around my waist, the touch similar to that of hair: made of velvet and gravel. It seems to be pulling my body closer. "Hush, Frodo, love," It soothes once again, running long, finger-like strokes through my curls. "Do not be troubled. Sleep...relax..." The touch moves against my scalp as it caresses. I feel gentle scrapings; as if nails were icing my skin. It feels so enticing ... ...but, no! No – I cannot think such things! That is what it wishes to hear...! "Leave me," I choke, my dry throat bringing pain into my words. "Don't touch me, curséd thing ..." " Sssshhh, " It hisses gently, the voice rippling like the ironing of velvet between lazy fingers – or the calm ripples on the Brandywine on a hazy, summer morning. "Do not send me away, dear one." No...no, I...I do not want... Silence falls upon my ears. All I feel are the continuing circlets of fingertips as they comb and wind themselves into my curls. I swallow my words, a shallow pant unwillingly tearing away. It is so quiet. I close my eyes, snuggling back into the blanket. Perhaps It has left me. A firm tightening around my middle and a touch of smoky skin on my cheek. A sharp, talon-like nail traces sinisterly down my jaw line and I flinch. My sight returns to me and I sit up sharply, turning to face whatever is haunting my sleep. All at once, the veil of darkness passes, and everything is clear. Hazy, blurred images overpower my eyes as I glance around, taking in the black sky; the smoky air, the coal rocks. I turn my attention to notice Sam...my Sam, lying not so far away from me, riddled with his own thoughts. A sprinkle of relief covers my body. " A dream, " I sigh, closing my sore eyes against the wind. " Merely a dream. " The swirling ash; like a thick fog smouldering the land, begins to billow, whispering through my ears and smothering. I cough, rubbing at my eyelids as the cruel sand bites them. I cannot continue thinking what a foul place this is. "Uh –" I suddenly gasp as the Ring's weight hangs from my neck more fiercely. I feel a burning seize as I know the chain is rendering my flesh. Glancing down, I faintly see the crushed blood; re-opening scabs tearing through my skin. I gnaw my teeth and attempt to force the pain to the back of my mind. I cannot be thinking of such things. I must continue. I must keep moving. For all depends on me. -oOo- Hours pass. Nothing changes. All is quiet around me, isolating me from the remaining world. The only sounds are the gentle breathing of Samwise's slumber, and the threatening rumble of the storm clouds heading our way. I cannot find rest. However, due to unwanted practise at this I have learned that time passes slowly. Every second feels almost an eternity, and the cold metal cuts deeper. I find myself squatting there with sunken eyes and gazing enviously at my resting companion. Companion. The word sounds in my mind, and on reaction, I stare about, attentive of Sméagol. I sigh gently. I have also noticed that he has not been straying too close to our company. Instead, he prefers to crouch among the rocks, keeping himself to himself and muttering incoherently. I do not know what is his intent. However, at times like this... ...I cannot help but feel the same way. I wrap the blanket tighter around my shoulders, and, in an almost involuntary action, feel the smooth, warm metal of the Ring brushing against my fingertips. I dart my gaze downwards. I am fondling It again. No. I grasp It tightly in my fist and banish all ideas of caressing that chiselled glass. It is becoming more and more difficult to hide my desire from It. I release a deep breath of frustration and hide it behind my shirt, fastening the buttons as tightly as they will go. I cannot waver now. I could only see the mist to begin with. The blackened mist that has been clouding my eyes for days now. A movement comes from my right. As a reaction, my breath catches and I fumble for the Ring. I feel a blaze of protective fury ignite in my heart and my teeth clench. I cannot let It be taken from me – I will not let it happen...I must protect It – "It's mine ," I choke out, my words clogged with the embrace of dirt. And then I stop...frozen in place. What have I said? " No, " I murmur; laying the golden trinket beneath my torn shirt, close to my pounding breast. " No. You will not take me." Another breeze of acidic wind brushes my cheeks, stinging and burning. I cup my head in my hands, breathing deeply and trembling as small rivulets of sweat escape my skin. What am I doing? I ask myself, gnawing at one of my many torn fingernails as I glance across the landscape with paranoid eyes. I must let no harm come to It, yet... I must let it be. " Why must you, beautiful thing... " I flinch on the spot, feeling blood spill into my mouth. I grip the blanket tightly between my fingers and enclose it around myself, attempting to reflect any sort of terrible force away. I cannot waver. "W-who are you?" I cough, hoping that my threat would sound precarious; unlike my heart feels. Silence. The air grows thicker, blocking my lungs with soot. I clear my throat. "Speak," I command, louder this time. My eyelids sting with the searing dust. I bring my bruised knuckles to them, rubbing furiously with the intention to clear. However, instead of banishing the cloud, it almost seems as if a figure arises from the dust, growing and moving closer with a beckoning finger. My eyes must be deceiving me. I blink profoundly and brush at them again with fingers. Perhaps I am still dreaming. Gold. As soon as my lids open that is what greets me. Gold threads of velvet hair dance on the scorching breeze and tickle my jaw. Sheaves gather and lace around my fingers and waist. Pleasurable scratches from smoked flesh trace between my toes. I start at the sensation; what I presume is the soft touch of fingernails brushing against the leathery base of my foot. The prickling on my nerves surprises me and my toes curl. " Stop it, " I gasp, uncontrollably backing off. " Huushhh, " the figure whispers – its voice is like melted honey. " Do not fear me. I come to comfort you. I see your heart...you desire me." I frown a