Disclaimer: The wonderful world of Middle Earth belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien, who is not me (although we share the first two initials!) Halwen and her family alone are my creations. O0o The sun beamed down on red berries peeking out of the leafy green thicket. A little girl moved among them, singing softly to herself as she navigated the thorns and filled her basket with the plump, juicy treasures. Spotting something in the grass, she knelt down to study it. "Halwen, look!" she called to the older girl who picked nearby. The child rose and pointed to the fuzzy caterpillar wriggling up her arm. "It tickles!" she giggled. Halwen smiled. "I don't think we can eat that for supper, Anniel." "Can I take him home?" Anniel asked. "No, this is his home. If we took him with us, he could not feast on lovely berries and rest in the shade created by the leaves- "Halwen broke off abruptly, head cocked. "Halwen?" "Hush. Listen." A dull thud that hinted at armored feet came from the distance, slowly growing clearer. It may have been imagination, but Halwen thought she saw the clouds roll ominously to block out the cheerful gleams of sunlight. The birds' cheerful song abruptly died, replaced by the sound of low grunts. Halwen's heart stopped in her throat when she saw a flash of metal approaching in the trees. "Anniel, we must go home!" Halwen grabbed her little sister's wrist and tugged her forward, the sudden motion tipping their baskets and sending a spray of berries into the grass. "But Halwen, the berries- " "Never mind them. We need to go!" Halwen broke into a run, pulling a confused Anniel behind her. "Hal-wen, wh-at's wr-ong?" Anniel panted, the breathless words matching the pounding rhythm of her footsteps. "Orcs… We have… to… warn…the others!" O0o The two girls reached the border of the forest and raced towards the small cluster of houses that formed their settlement. The heavy tramp of the orcs' feet steadily grew louder. Anniel looked back and stumbled. "Halwen!" she cried in alarm. "They can see us!" As if in response, a rough, guttural voice commanded, "Get them, you maggots!" Fear prompted a burst of speed that neither girl would have thought possible, but it wasn't enough to outrun their pursuers. Halwen was suddenly jerked backward as Anniel's hand was wrenched out of hers, and two thick arms surrounded her waist. The strong, crushing grip sent all of Halwen's breath out of her body in a painful gasp and continued to press down until she felt her bones were ready to break. Her head swam from lack of air in her lungs, and dimly she heard Anniel behind her screaming for help. Just as she was about to faint, Halwen heard a thud, and the orc's hold loosened. A pebble dropped to the ground and rolled past the orc's iron clad foot. "That little human maggot threw a stinkin' rock at me!" the orc bellowed. Halwen heard a heavy thud behind her and a weak yelp from Anniel, but didn't dare to waste the precious second it took to look back. She flung her body out of the orc's arms, hit the ground, and scrambled to her feet. "Leave that one!" snarled one of the orcs. "They'll 'ave seen us 'bout now anyway." Halwen half stumbled, half run towards the Dunedain village, shrieking for help with whatever breath she could summon. Several men ran out to meet her. They had apparently heard the two girls' shouts and spotted the dark advancing figures of the orcs, for they all carried weapons. The first to reach her was tall, and had grey eyes and dark brown locks of hair shorn at his shoulders. Halwen recognized him as the Chieftain. "Th-hey hh-av-e Anni-el, my ssist-er," Halwen managed, staggering over to them and trying to suck in deep breaths of air. The other Dunedain men were racing out of the village, swarming around the Chieftain with swords in hand. He and the older one that Halwen recognized as Dirhael rapidly began to organize the men, then as one they turned and ran towards the dark cluster of orcs. One of the men hesitated and came to Halwen's side, but she waved him away. "I'm f-fine," she panted. "The oth-ers need you." Halwen bent over, hands on her knees, and drew in a deep breath. There was no time to be idle. She did not have a weapon, but she could check at the houses of the settlement to make sure they would be prepared for the attack. She straightened and trotted toward the nearest house, trying to ignore the sound that continued to ring in her head, taunting her even through her fear: Anniel's cry of pain. O0o Aragorn's sword slid into the orc's chest, and he yanked it out, getting splattered by drops of dark blood. He looked up and saw another orc darting away, carrying a limp figure in his arms, and he sprang toward it with a shout. The orc turned to face him, casting aside the little girl's body so he could draw his knife. She landed on the ground with a thump, limps sprawled like a rag doll tossed aside by a careless child. The orc charged toward Aragorn with a wordless bellow. For a few moments everything was sweat, purely instinctive motion, and the clang of steel against steel, then the orc was lying at Aragorn's feet. He looked around and saw that the Dunedain were already driving the orcs back into the forest. Aragorn waved to Dirhael, indicating that he should lead the men to pursue the orcs, and received a nod of acknowledgement in response. Wiping his blade against the grass, he knelt and held it in front of the child's mouth. A faint vapor appeared on the blade, but Aragorn did not allow himself to breathe a sigh of relief. The chances that she wouldn't live were still too great. Orc nails had left deep scratches on her cheeks and her forehead was dotted with purple bruises, just starting to swell. The hair near her scalp was sticky with blood, and Aragorn suspected she must have received a lot of abuse from orc fists once the cruel creatures saw that she might be their only victim. Her chest rose slowly, barely managing a shallow, raspy breath. Gently gathering her up in his arms, Aragorn started back towards the settlement. He suspected she had sustained internal injuries as well, and he wished, for what was not the first nor the last time, that his foster father was there. For the task that was before him, Aragorn suspected his healing skills would be woefully inadequate. O0o Aragorn sat by Anniel's bedside in her family's home, examining the child's wounds. Her leg sprawled on the bed at an awkward angle, broken as a result of the orc tossing her to the ground, and the bones in her wrist appeared to have been snapped. The blows to her head also had been serious and had kept her unconscious through his ministrations. The most dangerous wound, though, was on her chest: an oozing cut that Aragorn recognized it as the mark of a poisoned orc knife. How could a child hope to fight off the poison that had been slathered on a dirty weapon in amounts large enough to kill a grown man? All hope left him. The only way he could save her life would be to call her back, to summon her battered spirit back to life. "Anniel!" he called, making his voice commanding yet kind, firm yet gentle. "Return to me. Your family awaits." Bending low over Anniel, he shut his eyes and groped for the fading tendrils of her sub conscious mind. He saw as if from afar a small figure, wandering lost in the darkness. Aragorn glanced down at his feet and saw that he himself stood bathed in a gentle glow of light and life. Again he called Anniel's name, in turn inviting, then pleading for her to join him. She heard his cries, for she lifted her gaze and began to walk toward him, each step laborious and slow. "I'm coming!" he heard her faint cry. Determinedly Anniel continued on until she reached the area where the reach of the overwhelming dark weakened and faded to mere shadows. Suddenly, before she could reach the light, unseen wraiths of pain and fear grabbed her ankles, yanking her to her knees. "I cannot come!" Anniel sobbed, stretching out her hand pleadingly. "H-help me!" Aragorn sprinted toward her. "Hold on, Anniel! I am coming!" His feet crossed the border of light and dark almost effortlessly, and soon he was kneeling at the child's side. In vain Aragorn tried to lift her, but the darkness refused to yield its victim. Her body was limp, and Aragorn felt the light of her spirit begin to fade. With a pang of sorrow, his healer's heart realized there was only one thing he could do. Keeping her spirit from fleeing the bruised, battered body was beyond his skill and would cause only cause Anniel immeasurable distress and pain before she succumbed to the inevitable. All he could do now was to ease her fear. Gently Aragorn smoothed back her hair and spoke comfortingly to Anniel. "Rest. You have done well, brave child of the North." Aragorn straightened and opened his eyes, blinking against the light gleaming in one corner of the cabin. Anniel stirred and moaned, still lingering in the twilight of consciousness to which Aragorn had coaxed her. "M-my mother," she murmured. Turning, Aragorn gestured toward Anniel's family. "Come," he said, then added softly, "for time is short." Her mother came swiftly, not allowing sorrow or shock to keep her away from her child in the time of Anniel's last and greatest need. She wrapped her arms around the small figure comfortingly, and Anniel's father stroked the pale cheek as he breathed a loving epithet. Halwen came more slowly, shock numbing her mind and limbs. A floorboard creaked irreverently beneath her feet, unaware that a child dangled between life and death, and the sound seemed to release her from her stupor. She knelt at her sister's side, taking the small hand in her own and kissing it. For a few moments, it was just gentle whispers and caresses, quiet tears, and a loving family gathered around a bedside. Then came the soft, agonized moan. "S-she is gone." One by one, they kissed the child's forehead and murmured the appropriate words, that the Valar would guard and guide her soul on her final journey. Stricken, they sat then, cuddling Anniel's body, as if by the act they could delay the sorrow, the pain that would come when they realized Anniel would never breathe, smile, run, or laugh again. Halwen was the first to reluctantly stand. When she turned, Aragorn was startled to see her eyes were flashing. The aura of strength and calm Halwen had exuded for his sister's sake snapped. "And your name among the elves was Estel," Halwen said accusingly, her voice strong even though her eyes glimmered with tears. "The elves' wisdom must truly be fading, for the name is ill given. A little girl died, and the precious hope of Middle Earth was not able to save her. Since I was a babe I have dreamed of a renewer, like unto the kings of old, to right the wrongs done to our people. I see it now for what it was: naught but a foolish, childish dream. You are nothing like them!" "Halwen! You should not speak thus to any man, much less your chieftain and king. You owe him your respect!" "Respect must be earned before it is owed. And if this is the best he can do to gain it," Halwen gestured toward her sister's bed, voice trembling, "then I will never give it!" "Halwen!" both of her parents cried, but