Disclaimer: As much as I wish it were mine, Middle Earth and everyone in it are still Tolkien's. O0o As a healer, Aragorn had always viewed the miracle of birth as a success and a wonder. As a father, Eldarion's long awaited birth had well-nigh overwhelmed his heart with joy. He stood in Arwen's room before a window that overlooked the city, but today his gaze was not on the view. His eyes were on the small body snuggled up against his chest. The small limbs began to wriggle, and the baby began to murmur sleepily. His small lips opened wider to let out a squall. "There now, my dear one," Aragorn murmured. "There's no need to cry." He moved to a chair sitting enticingly nearby and sat, shifting the child to the crook of his arm. With his free hand, he wrapped the blankets more closely around the little form. His fingers gently touched Eldarion's tiny skull, delighting in the soft layer of down that covered it. His finger then sought Eldarion's little fist, stroking the soft, warm, tiny hand. The baby's squirming stilled, and he gave a content murmur that was the equivalent of a coo from an older babe's lips. There was the slightest whisper of unclad feet against the wooden floor boards, then he felt the gentle caress of slender fingers on his shoulder. "He has his father's eyes," Arwen whispered. She was dressed in a shift of white linen and a delicately embroidered robe, and her unbound hair fell in a dark mass down her back. She looked just as beautiful to Aragorn as she had dressed in queenly array, slender figure adorned in garments of scarlet and hemmed with lace, a circlet of silver resting on her head. "I hope that one day he shall have his father's spirit, too." "I should wish for equal measure of his mother's patience and wisdom," Aragorn replied softly. "I think you should feed him, now, for the twins will be here soon." Reluctantly he yielded the child to Arwen's arms, and she went to her bed to nurse him. By the time she was finished, the baby's eyes drooped closed, and he dozed peacefully in the warmth of her arms. By the time Arwen's brothers by nature and Aragorn's by nurture had arrived and Arwen had risen to greet them, Eldarion was wiggling and protesting the disturbing of his slumber. "Come now," Arwen scolded lovingly, cradling the baby closer to her and swaying back and forth on her feet in a soothing motion. "Is this any way to greet your uncles?" When his sobs quieted, she moved to lay him in Elrohir's arms. "Remember to keep a hand under his neck," Aragorn said. Elladan and Elrohir looked at each other, then back at Aragorn with a patient sigh. "We have held babies before, Aragorn," Elrohir said. "We held you when you were little older than Eldarion, and Arwen as well," added Elladan. "Neither of you suffered any damage." Then, doubtless remembering the countless injuries Aragorn had obtained in the Wild over the years, they said in unison, "And when you did, it was not our fault!" Arwen smiled, kissed the baby's downy head, and passed him to Elrohir. "Hail and well met, little one," the elf murmured with a smile, gently cradling Eldarion. The baby's tiny fingers curled around a long lock of dark hair. "Ever it seems those of our line are fated to have their hearts stolen by the children of men," Elladan remarked, the stern lines of the warrior's face softening into what was almost a gentle smile. "There was not one heart in Ada's household that was not captivated by you, Estel, when you lived in Rivendell." "Perhaps haunted it would be a better description," Aragorn offered. The identical upward twist of the twins' lips in response was not missed by Arwen. "What story is behind this?" she asked. Aragorn, too, was warily studying their faces. "Oh, no," he moaned, suddenly realizing what tale they were remembering. "Tell me." Arwen drew herself up and gave the three of them a look that somehow combined her father's imperious raised eyebrows and her grandmother's steady, piercing gaze. The result left them gawking with a mixture of meekness and silent amusement. "Tell me." "Who are we to resist?" Elladan said, and began. O0o It was in the days when the Shadow hung heavy over Mirkwood, where the Necromancer had again taken up residence. A small band of adventurers passed through Rivendell with a lofty quest to slay a dragon and reclaim a homeland. They were, of course, Thorin Oakenshield and his dwarves, along with Gandalf and Master Baggins. Estel, being a lad of ten summers, was eager to speak with them, for while he had heard of dwarves and even seen one or two travelling through on occasion, he had never seen a hobbit or heard any mention of them in the old legends. Ada demurred, though; it was too great a risk for the dwarves or Master Baggins to have a tale of the young heir of Isildur to take with them and scatter over the Misty Mountains, through Esgaroth, and where ever their feet might have carried them. Estel was a sensible child, and though he was disappointed, we knew he would not fail to obey our ada. We gave the dwarves the best that our halls could offer. The kitchens produced their best food and drink, and Lindir was in fine form as he sang for them for hours in the halls of fire. Although our guests were anxious to be on their way, they seemed content with the hospitality Ada had offered, from the fine linens to the plentiful feasts. Until one day, when I saw Bilbo sitting on a bench and reading. He was obviously searching for something, flipping so quickly through the tome on his lap that it looked as if he thought he could find dwarvish treasure between the pages. Books laid open beside him on the bench or sat on the floor piled in a teetering stack to the left of his bare toes, which dangled a few inches off the ground. "Master Baggins!" I said. "What do you seek so diligently? Doubtless Erestor would offer far better aid if you wish to locate something in my father's library, but I will help you as well as I can, if you desire it." Bilbo looked up, a look of startled but pleasant surprise crossing his lips. "Master Elrohir, is it?" "Elladan. Can I help you?" "Thank you, but I was just looking for- "Bilbo hesitated and shook his head, a faint blush coloring his cheeks. "No, never mind now. It's of little importance, and I don't wish to be a bother." "Nay, you are our most undemanding guest," I assured him, meaning the words with all my heart. Bilbo had chuckled, now put at his ease. "You mean the dwarves, of course. They put quite a strain on my larder back home, and they never sent word that they were coming! Just walked right in, and- "the hobbit paused again, hand flying up to cover his mouth in dismay. "Oh, dear! And here they've done it again, imposing on Master Elrond's hospitality! And here I am, having done the same thing." I could not help smiling. "We are glad to shelter all who have need of it, and Mithrandir is an especial friend of our household. I must admit we have not had a chance to show hospitality to a hobbit, and it has been a most pleasant experience. For you as well, I hope. Now, what are you studying so earnestly?" Bilbo seemed to have found the page he was looking for, and I leaned over to look at the book cradled on his lap. "The Oath breakers and their appearances in the valley of Harrowdale?" My brow creased into a frown before I could stop it. "Why do you study the sleepless dead, Master Baggins?" He looked troubled and stared down at his furry feet, swinging them slowly back and forth. "Master Elladan, may I ask you a question?" "Certainly." "Do you believe in ghosts? I always thought they were a legend, but now…" Bilbo's voice trailed off as he gestured to the pages of the book. My mind travelled uncomfortably to the prophecy of Malbeth the Seer about the fate of the Army of the Dead: to lurk in the caverns beneath the Dwimorberg until the day when one of Isildur's heirs would summon them to fulfill their oath, and thus release them from Isildur's curse. "Well, yes, I suppose." Bilbo's eyes widened, and his back went rigid. "Do you- do you think there might be ghosts here? In Rivendell, I mean? Last night my door moved, and I heard footsteps in the passage. I-I saw something white flash by." I leaned over to pat his hand, hiding my smile of relief and amusement. "To my knowledge the valley is free from any ghostly presence, Master Baggins. The lighting is strange in the halls at night. Mayhap you saw a trick of the shadows." "Yes, I'm sure that's it. What a relief," Bilbo said with a smile, releasing a great sigh. "You must think me silly, but so many odd things have happened lately, what with the quest and all. I scarcely know what's a tale and what's true! Perhaps my ghost was just a dream. Heaven knows how my mind has played enough tricks on me since I left the Shire. It's my first time, you know." "If there is anything we can do to put your mind at rest, master hobbit, you have only to let us know," I said. O0o Elladan paused and nodded to Elrohir. "I believe you know more than I from here. And that it is my turn to hold Eldarion." Elrohir reluctantly passed the child to his brother and picked up the thread of the tale. O0o The first I heard of the ghost of Imladris was from the two youngest dwarves. I found them in the halls, whispering nervously to each other. "Master dwarves," I greeted, unable to summon their names from my memory. A dozen dwarves' names are no easy thing to remember, much less whose faces they belong to. "May I be of any assistance to you?" The older quickly demurred, waving a hand in the air. "No, it's nothing, Master-" He paused, apparently having a hard time keeping our names and faces right, too. "Master elf," he finally said. His brother, though, hesitated. "Do you ever see- ghosts- here, in Lord Elrond's halls?" "Ghosts?" I said, blinking, and the younger of the two dwarves nodded sheepishly. "I saw one in the halls last night, a figure dressed in white and moving on silent feet. Uncle- I mean, Thorin- thinks I must have had a dream." "He is probably right, Kili," Fili said, with all the fond confidence and experience only an older brother can display. "You have always had vivid dreams, and the strangest imaginings." Kili flushed. "Yes, perhaps that's it. I'm sorry to bother you." "There is no need to apologize," I assured him. "My brother also has vivid dreams." Having no knowledge of Estel, the dwarf naturally assumed I spoke of my twin. When I told Elladan about the strange experience, he did not laugh. He turned to me with an odd look in his eye that I did not understand until his next words. "Master Baggins claimed he saw a ghost, too." "Strange that both should have the same dream or experience the same trick of the shadows," I said "A ghost?" A voice piped from around the corner. We both looked up to see Estel trotting towards us, his feet clad in riding boots and his simple garments speckled with horse hair. "Our guests claim they saw a ghost," Elladan explained. ""It must have been one of the household dressed