Author's Note: Because Peeta deserves so much more than he got. And we all know the way to Katniss' heart is through Prim. Please review and let me know what you think! She's alive. Nothing registers but the sight of her face, the twitch of her hand, the quirk of her strained smile. She's tiny in the distance, separated from me by hundreds of cheering people, but I can see she's moving, she's real, she's alive . I refuse to so much as blink, in case she disappears. She waves shyly, ducks her head, shifts her feet in a tiny, nervous motion. Dimly I'm aware that the crowd is eating it up, roaring their approval, the applause stretching infinitely. But it sounds far away, a distant, numb buzz in my ear. I feel deaf, focused solely on the sight of her. Something is tight in my chest, holding me together in a vice. Gale grips my hand, and I clench it back. She glances around, eyes searching anxiously through the masses, and they finally land on me. It's arresting. Her smile gapes, teeth showing, and even from this far away I can see that her eyes are wet and shining. I raise my empty hand in a wave, shaking. She doesn't have a microphone—Effie is using it, offering her congratulations—but I can see the movement of her lips as she sobs my name, her chest heaving. A hand lands on her shoulder, and it's only then that I finally notice the boy—man, really—standing next to her. Peeta Mellark. He glances down, looks in my direction for a for a fraction of a second, barely long enough to make eye contact, before sliding his fingers down her arm and holding her hand. Prim looks at him, clenches his hand, and presses herself against his side. She's so tiny that she barely reaches the middle of his chest. He lets go and settles his arm around her shoulders instead, bringing her even closer. She slides hers around his waist in a halfway hug and hides her eyes in his shirt. "Gale," I whisper, the stranglehold in my chest squeezing tighter. "I know," he says. "Would you look at that," trills Effie with delight, watching the two cling to each other. "What a moving return! And now, one last round of applause for our champions before they go inside!" The crowd claps, cheering for District's Twelve's first victory in years, for our youngest ever champion, for the only ever simultaneous victors. I can hear Prim's friends shouting her name over the thundering applause. Beside me, my mother claps quietly, but I can't find it in myself to do more than clutch Gale's hand like a lifeline. Prim looks at me again, eyes wide and wet, before smiling tremulously at the crowd and waving with her free hand. Peeta glances down at her, then quirks his lips in what I think was meant to be a smile but looks, from here, more like a grimace. Then the Peacekeepers are ushering them indoors, and they disappear from sight. I feel a momentary grasp of panic before Gale says my name. "Katniss," he whispers urgently. "Go. You can go find her now." I'm terrified. "Come with me," I say. He shakes his head. "I can't, you know that. Family only." He squeezes my hand once, then lets go. "Gale," I say, strangled. My heart is pounding. "Go," he urges. "It's okay now. She made it, she's fine. Go get her." I breathe out. It's so hard to believe, so out of the realm of possibility that I'm worried once I reach her I'll find out none of it's real. "Okay," I whisper. "Okay." I turn to my mother to find her watching us, silent but sharp. She had come back to herself after Prim's reaping, quiet and despondent but more aware than she had been in years. I couldn't explain it, and worry now—especially with her slow, faint movements and utter silence—that she will disappear on us again. "Mom, let's go," I say. I curl my fingers around her elbow and gently walk her towards the doors. She doesn't say a word, but she nods her head and I know she's in there, somewhere. We pause outside and a Peacekeeper checks his records before wordlessly letting us in. My pulse is racing so hard I feel faint. The room is quiet and bare, empty except for a single couch in the center and the two occupants sitting on it. It's similar to the one we said goodbye in, but this time the two of them are together rather than separate. They're holding hands again, Prim curled against his broad shoulder, and for a fraction of a second I'm actually jealous of him. They look up at the sound of our entrance and Prim meets my eyes. I barely have time to draw a breath before she launches forwards, barrels into my waist, and knocks the wind out of me. "Katniss!" she screeches. Her spindly arms are so tight they're almost crushing. I don't care. Something inside of me unravels and frays apart, and I feel like I can draw a breath for the first time in weeks. I gasp, kneeling down and pressing her so tight against me nothing could tear us apart. I'm not sure I'll ever be able to let go. She immediately bursts into tears, hiccupping in my ear, her fingers digging almost painfully into my skin. Her sobs are hard and choked, as if she can't finish one before another takes over. Her tears are hot against my neck, and the skin around my eyes feel tight and prickly. "Shh, Prim, it's okay," I soothe quietly. "You're okay now. Everything's going to be okay, little duck." She cries louder at the nickname and I bury my face in her hair, closing my eyes. She smells sweet and flowery, and nothing at all like the Prim I know. Our mother places a hand each on the crowns of our heads, strokes our hair softly. Prim unwinds herself from me and clasps her arms around my mother's waist, pressing her face into her stomach. "Mom," she hiccups. I watch them from where I'm crouched on the floor. Part of me is worried about the interaction, though I am mostly buzzing with my own emotions. But our mother is here , fully here, and in one piece. "Oh, Prim," she murmurs, and continues to stroke her hair, fingers deftly splaying through the strands. Prim's sobs grow quiet, her breaths slow, until she stops crying altogether. She turns her face to me, her eyes red and swollen, snot running down her nose, cheeks shiny and wet. Nothing has ever seemed so beautiful. She hugs me again, breathing slow and deep against my neck. I rub my hands in firm circles on her skinny back and whisper nonsense in her ear. Over her shoulder, my gaze lands on Peeta to find him watching us. I've never seen his face so blank. His eyes are much darker than I realized. His hair looks clean, his pale skin fresh, his pressed clothes straight from the Capitol. The longer we maintain eye contact the more charged the air around me feels, heavy and dense and vibrating like the air before lightning. I find I can't blink, and I'm holding my breath. The door opens, and Peeta looks away. Heavy footsteps fall, and I watch over Prim's shoulder as Mr. Mellark embraces his son. Peeta's hands wrap around his father's shoulders and he bows his head, the first sign of exhaustion—of any emotion at all, really—that I've seen from him since his return. "Oh, my boy," says Mr. Mellark heavily. "Dad." Peeta's voice sounds strangled. I watch as Mr. Mellark clasps a hand against the side of Peeta's face, drinks him in, then slides his hand to the back of Peeta's head and pulls it down against his shoulder. Peeta's eyes close and he sags, until I'm convinced Mr. Mellark must be holding up all of their combined weight. More heavy footfalls signal the arrival of Peeta's brothers. They crowd him in a group hug that he doesn't seem entirely able to face, though I watch the play of emotions over his expression as he attempts to smile. Peeta's mother stands near them, her hands clasping her own elbows. "Congratulations," she says. I feel Prim sigh against me, sagging with weeks of fear, and I give the Mellarks as much privacy as I can. "Shh," I whisper to Prim. "You're here. You're safe." "I thought I was going to die, Katniss," she chokes, her voice small. "I thought I was going to die." "I know," I tell her. Her admission causes a terrible pang in my chest. "But you want to know something?" "What?" she asks. "I didn't. I knew you would come back to me," I lie. "Because I had faith in you. You're tougher than you look, little duck." Her eyes are huge, her smile shaky. She's quivering uncontrollably. I run my hand briskly up and down her arm, then use my sleeve to wipe away the snot under her nose. "There," I say. "All fixed up. You want to go home now?" "Yes, please," she whispers. I stand up, and she clamps her clammy fingers around my own. But then she bites her lip and, curiously, looks back at Peeta. He's already watching her over his brother's shoulder, his gaze sharp and intense and entirely focused on her. Something passes wordlessly between them, and I'm still so startled by their newfound connection that I can't even begin to interpret it. Peeta lets go of his brother and steps around him towards us. His family watches, looking as confused as I feel. Peeta crouches down next to her and gives her a tiny smile. "It's okay, Prim," he says. I've never noticed how gentle his voice is. She looks at him for a long moment, and she seems so much older than when she left. She lets go of me to wind her arms around his shoulders, her expression so very grave for someone so young. Peeta strokes her hair, his hand so large it covers the back of her head. "You were really brave," he says quietly. "You should be proud of yourself." His voice sounds tight and I realize, startled, that this isn't just for her. He seems to need this embrace as much as she does. She whispers something in his ear and he nods his head. "I will," he says. He draws back and slides his fingers to cup her chin instead. "Go home. You deserve it. You'll be okay now." "You will too, right?" she questions worriedly. He gives a wry smile, so focused on her that he doesn't seem to notice the rest of us blatantly staring. "Of course," he says. He stands up and ruffles her hair. "Alright, get going." She hugs him again, too briefly for him to reciprocate, then whispers goodbye and comes to clasp my hand. I glance down at our joined fingers before looking back at Peeta. He meets my gaze for a second, says nothing, then turns to rejoin his family. And suddenly, I can't leave it like that. "Peeta," I say. He turns back to me. There are so many things I could say. So many things I should say. But my throat is too tight to force the words out, so in the end I say nothing. He nods. I don't know whether he has understood everything I wanted to say or understood nothing. I swallow convulsively, and watch as he turns around again. "Come on," says my mother, and I feel the pressure of her palm against my arm. "Let's go home, little duck," I manage to get out. It's time for the drawing. "As usual, ladies first!" trills Effie. She crosses the stage to the glass ball and reaches inside. Her fingers hover