Well hello everyone ^w^. First off I got the idea of this from a wattpad story (sorry to the writer of that) Sorry to everyone that actually reads my stories xD I haven't been posting like at all... *rubs back of neck* But to all my "fans" this is for you ^w^ Crystal's POV "Don't make me sad, don't make me cry. Sometimes life is not enough and the road gets tough I don't know why. Keep making me laugh, let's go get high, cuz you and I... We were born to die." I sang quietly to myself as I did my chores. They were not very difficult, but they were time consuming. 1.) Make bed "Check," I said, adding emphasis to the K. 2.) Tidy up area around bed. Check. I glanced through the list another time. All I had left was to clean my bathroom, vacuum the stairs and my room, and to mop the parlor floor. Oh and make breakfast. "But if I.. fall for you... I'll never recover. If I... fall for you.. i'll never be the same. I really want to love some-" I started but was cut off. "Times up sweet heart. I need breakfast and you have to get ready. Either you hurry up, or skip chores all together and make me breakfast. I want those legendary pancakes one last time if you are going to disappear today," Pax said coming out of nowhere. He planted a light kiss on my cheek and I smiled a bit. "You know I don't like when you sneak up on me like that babe." I giggled. He came and went into my house, since his parents kicked him out after he won the games. They wanted him to be more mature and less childish. He was 21 and I was 18 but my father didn't care, as long as I had a tough boyfriend who wouldn't hurt me, and would teach me how to hunt. The teacher at my academy was an idiot. He had no common sense and only showed me how, not taught me. Thought ever since I met Pax my hand to hand has improved, and so was my long distance throwing. Knives were my strength. Today was the last day that I could volunteer, but I had to be quick. Dlaire wanted to volunteer. I laughed at the thought of her name. Claire with a D. I dropped the mop and followed the wet footprints left by Pax into the kitchen. He sat on a chair, his feet on my mahogany table, giving me his temptation look. I wanted to give in, but I knew better. "That is mahogany keep your dirty shoes off. I cleaned that yesterday." I snapped at him. He gave me a look that would make anyone else feel guilty, but not me. Pax was good at playing innocent ever since the games. He was the oldest contestant in that games, but he convinced everyone he was just like a little butterfly or whatever. Turns out Pax was very good with long distance. Killed the last few tributes from at most 100 feet away. He hid in the trees most of the time. Pax would spear or shoot at them in silence, and before they could figure out who was shooting, they were dead. I liked having Pax around. He made me feel safe, but he angered me a lot. I wondered if I should volunteer of not... My thought shifted and it hit me that this was a quell. 3 girls and 3 boys would be from each district, and there would be a series of games, starting with district 1, 2, 3, and 4 with 8 victors. Then would be 5, 6, 7, 8, also with 8 victors. then 9, 10, 11, 12. The 24 victors would then go into 1 ultimate games where they would all fight until 1 of the victors stood. I could volunteer and so could Dlaire. Then I could wipe the stupid smirk off her face, and rip her stupid pigtails from her scalp. I was rudely snapped from my thoughts by 2 claps right in front of my face, nearly hitting me. "Snap snap sweetheart I'm starving over here." That pushed me over the line. I shifted my gaze to look him right in the eye. "You are not starving. You practically are royalty here in district 1. Some helpless person probably just died of starvation in district 12. Shut your filthy mouth and make your own breakfast." I snapped at him. I normally don't snap at him but I was anxious today. Very anxious. He glared at me, no longer acting innocent. "Geez babe, when did you become so mean?" It felt as if I was just punched in the gut. "That's it! I have had it! It's over Pax!" I yelled. With a smirk on his face he sat down on a chair and started laughing. "Get out." I said but he wouldn't budge. "You said when I needed somewhere to live I could live here." He attempted. "No! Get out!" I yelled with more force, grabbing the broom that was kept next to my refrigerator. Tears streamed down my face, as I gripped it tighter and smacked him right in the head with the handle. His face was red where I had hit him, but he laughed, got up, and walked out, but just before he walked out calling, "I know you are going to volunteer so just remember it will be me who makes the difference between your life and death." Was I still going to volunteer or not? Yes. Then I can show Pax I don't need his help. I can win all on my own. Luxaner's POV The square, filled more and more by the second. People were excited and they wanted to be apart of this. I smirked with satisfaction. My golden dress, firey red hair and Luis Vuitton shoes were harmless, though I was going for a bit of a tribute to the girl on fire. She died in the 75th annual hunger games, Finnick was unable to revive Peeta and Katniss was so furious she tried to shoot Finnick, but he got to her first and she died,and Finnick ended up winning. He didn't want to kill Johanna and he thought they were the final 2. Enobria jumped out of the forest and attacked Johanna. Finnick stabbed at Enobria and he speared his trident through her. Johanna asked to be put out of her misery. After the games, Finnick released his love for Annie Cresta and they got married. Annie had figured out she was pregnant, and rebellion broke out a few months after Finnick's victory tour. They took him to district 13 where he led the rebellion. He died in combat leaving Annie alone, with little Finn. Though Finnick may have led the rebellion, he only took Katniss' place. Shortly after Finnick was killed, the rebellion slowly died down, and the hunger games went on as normal. Katniss was the real rebellion starter, so that is why I decided I wanted her stylist's daughter as my stylist. She originally wanted district 12 but I nearly begged for her. "Can I have a slight twirl?" Cinnamon asked pulling me from my thoughts. I nodded and twirled. My dress almost looked as if it were changing colors. I smiled and whispered thank you to her, and she brushed it off like it was nothing. "Escort to stage please." the intercom sounded. "Make them pay for it." she quoted with a laugh. She had been my stylist and best friend for 7 years. Johanna had been one of my favorite tributes for her snaky attitude. I walked toward the stage, my heels clicking softly. The mayor gave his boring long speech and I waited patiently behind the velvet curtains. I stroked them slightly, before a small painting on the far side of the room caught my eye. A mockingjay. "Luxaner Prompt everyone!" he called. I wanted to check to see if it was real or my imagination but the curtains opened and I put on my best smile. My hand immediately went to stroke my fiery hair to smooth it out, but I know I didn't need it. My hair was perfectly straight, and went all the way down to my plastic butt. I had it enlarged because of my previous husbands taunts and tortures. I took my place at the stadium and went right to it. There was no use in spending 3 hours talking about courage. "I will start with the ladies." I said to the audience, and moved my hand around in the bowl for dramatic effect. I grabbed a slip and began to open it when a voice called out that they were going to volunteer. I said the name of the slip ," Rosette Yvette." The girl who volunteered laughed and said "I am Rosette." Her voice sent a chill down my spine. I handed the slip to her, to keep. "Let me read the slip first before you go volunteering." I said in a cold tone. I accidentally pulled out 2 names but I wasn't going to put one back. "Perdew Tanner" I called out first. A shout came from the crowd and a girl walked up. "Crystal Williams." she said with a smirk. "Dania Bezi." I called from the next slip. The audience was silent. The girl shrugged and walked up. The first 2 girls whispered to each other, while Dania sat quietly, not speaking. WIthout saying a word I walked to the boys and pulled out a slip. "Maroon Botes." The guy walked up with a smirk, and sat next to Dania. I heard him whisper to her, "I was going to volunteer anyways but hey things happen for a reason." Her eyes rolled. "Venita Xanti." I said, because I couldn't bear the silence of the crowd. "I volunteer!" a cry went out. A small boy walked up saying, "Avener Xanti" I began to pull another slip and someone said, "Screw it! I volunteer!" He sauntered on the stage. "Rhades. Quigely Rhrades." He glanced at Dania and with a scowl he said, "Move aside dish washer. Go sit with Mr. Loverboy and Baby Mccries alot." They shifted over and Quigely sat in between Rosette and Crystal. "Hey babe, I think I have an idea you will like." he whispered in Crystal's ear. "Shoot for it." she smirked. "Have you ditched that jerk Pax yet?" he whispered. She nodded slightly as if she was unsure. "You me, Rosette and anyone else who seems worthy should team up in a team of 8." he whispered. Rosette and Crystal nodded in unison. "Then it's settled. I own you girls now." he whispered. "Oh boy.." I thought. This will be interesting. Shilling's POV I never thought much about wanting to be in the hunger games. I knew this year would be the worst year to enter. If you won, you kept going, at a risk of dying once more. Not a very good idea if you ask me. My parents would want me to volunteer, but I lost my mom because of the hunger games. She was 18 and pregnant, gave birth to me in the games. They picked me up out of the hunger games and left her to die, never knowing her baby. I was shipped to my dad who named me the name she wanted to name me but couldn't. I heard she was beautiful. Pale skin, good cheek structure, long black silky hair, bright green eyes. Her district partner won those games. The 82nd games. Her older sister also died in the games. It was Katniss' games. Many of my family members have died in the games. I didn't look like most of them though. I don't know who my dad really was. He was arrested for trying to break into the games. The district