Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. But if I did, it would probably involve a lot of eating instead of a lot of killing. Cause I love food. Author's Note: I know everyone's probably thinking This isn't a Harry Potter story! Well, you're right. Turns out I read other books, too. This is my first try at a Hunger Games fanfic, so be a little nice =P The beginning of this story takes place one year before the reaping in the first book. It also features a slightly bolder Peeta - the way I think he should have been written to begin with. Basically, he's just not such a whimp. It's rated T, but consider it a STRONG T. I certainly don't think it needs to be rated M, but there will be language and sexual activity in this story. Could possibly change to M later. Anyway, give it a try. We'll meet up at the end. Katniss The melodious birdsongs that drift over the forest-green pines; the rustle of a rabbit as it scurries through the brush; the soft snap of a twig as my foot treads across it – I know that this is where I belong. I inhale deeply, the scent of bark and pine needles wafting through my senses, and close my eyes. It's here that I thrive. I am at one with these woods – I can relate to the mockingjay that flies free over the land far better than I could any person. The woods are my sanctuary – they are devoid of people… "Hey Catnip!" Well, except for one. But Gale might as well be classified as a part of the woods as well. My eyes flutter open to see his tall, handsome figure weaving through the trees toward me. I'm not surprised that he's here – this is our spot. I smile at him as he nears me, and he smiles back. I know that we're both thinking the same thing. One more year. One more year to hunt. One more year to provide for our families, so that they don't starve through the winter. One more year to live . The reaping took place yesterday. And Gale and I are still here. It's a sad kind of happiness, because District 12 still sent their sacrifices off to the Capitol to face their certain deaths. But it wasn't us. That was reason enough to be thankful. One more year. "Catch anything?" I ask. "Did I catch anything?" he repeats sarcastically and tosses his game bag on the ground. It lands with a heavy thump that causes me to grin. "You doubted me?" he responds. "Never. How many?" "Just a couple squirrels," he shrugs, crouching down. "And a rabbit. And of course some strawberries. You?" "Two turkeys," I inform him. "But they're small." "They'll still sell." I nod, and reach down to grab my bow from where and quiver and proceed to hide them in a hollow log. "We should get going," I say, looking at Gale. "We should get the squirrels to the baker's before it gets too late." Gale agrees and stuffs his catches back in his bag. He rises and takes the lead, and I follow him back to the fence. Anyone else might get lost in the woods, but Gale and I know our way. We don't get lost. The fence looms before us in no time, and we cross it easily. My trained eyes scan the surrounding area for peacekeepers, but there are none. Half of them trade with us, anyway. We cross the meadow on the far side of town and pick up a jog, loping in the direction of the merchant's shops. People are still bustling about in front of the bakery. Gale and I brush past them and slip unnoticed down the back alleyway. We reach the back entrance to the bakery and Gale's knuckles rap on the door. We have to wait for a moment, but it eventually swings open. Gale nods in greeting and steps inside. I follow him and turn to say hello to the baker as I pass him – except it isn't the baker. It's him. The boy with the bread. I hesitate as his blue eyes meet mine, and he offers me a smile. "Katniss," he says, a friendly tone to his voice. I don't return his greeting. I nod at him like Gale did and rush past, standing a little closer to Gale than I normally would. Gale is safe. Gale looks down at me as my arm bumps against his, raising an eyebrow, and I avert my gaze. I hear the door that we entered through click closed, and all too soon he's standing right in front of me. I turn my head to glance around the bakery, feigning interest in the sugar cookies to my right. In reality, I'm looking at anything but Peeta Mellark. Thankfully, Gale does the talking. "Is Mr. Mellark around?" I see Peeta shake his head and run a hand through his messy blonde hair out of the corner of my eye. "He had to run to the tailors. Just left a few minutes ago. Do you have squirrels?" "Four," Gale informs him. "Just lay them on the table next to you," Peeta responds, pointing at a surface to our right before turning and stepping further into the kitchen. By the time Gale's dispensed the game on the table, Peeta is pushing a paper bag into his hands. "Here you go." Gale's eyes widen the moment the bag touches his hands. "These are warm." My eyebrows rise in surprise. The baker never traded us for warm bread – I wouldn't expect him to, because freshly baked bread is more expensive. "Bread's better when it's warm," Peeta responds simply, and I can't tell if he's being sarcastic. Gale doesn't seem to think that it's funny, and frowns. "We can't take this. It's not a fair trade. Stale bread is fine." "The squirrels are fatter than usual," Peeta shrugged, meeting Gale's gaze. Gale doesn't argue, because he knows that it's true. He passes the paper bag to me and places a hand on my back, guiding me toward the door. "Thanks," he says, nodding once more to Peeta. Peeta returns the gesture. "Anytime. Dad wouldn't want to pass up a chance to trade for squirrel." I risk a glance over my shoulder at him, and he cracks a smile. "Thanks Gale. Katniss." His eyes meet mine again as he says my name. "I'll see you around." And with that, he retreats into the kitchen. My gaze lingers for a moment on his back, but I quickly turn and escape the bakery through the back door. The moment we're in the alley once more, Gale grabs my arm and spins me toward him. "What was that about?" I know he's questioning my strange actions within the bakery. "Nothing," I respond, shaking my head. I turn away from him, and he knows he won't get anything out of me. I hear him sigh and follow me. The truth is I can't tell Gale. I tell Gale everything , but I just can't tell him about the boy with the bread. Nobody but me will ever know that Peeta Mellark saved my life. I was cold and starving, and a twelve year old Peeta risked the wrath of his mother to feed me. I still don't know why he did it, but I owe him more than I'll ever be able to give. Why is it, then, that I can't even say two words to him? I have a few theories, of course. They all revolve around the fact that I hate owing anybody anything . I hate accepting help. And I've owed Peeta Mellark for the past four years without offering him so much as a thank you. Sometimes I wonder if he even remembers. I don't like him or detest him, but being around him hurts my pride. I focus again on the present, and look at Gale. "I'm going to Madge's. Do you want to swap bags? The mayor probably wants the strawberries. And I think he likes rabbits." "Good idea," he agrees. His hand reaches over and grabs the strap of my bag, lifting it over my head. A split second later, his own bag is draped over my right shoulder. I grin at him and we walk the rest of the way in silence. We reach a fork in the road, and after a quick goodbye Gail takes the left road, toward the Seam, and I take the right. Before long, the Mayor's house looms before me. It's large, easily the most impressive building in District 12 aside from the Justice Building. I make my way to the door and knock. It opens instantly to reveal a thin figure with long, blonde hair and a bright smile. "Katniss!" Madge exclaims, opening the door wider. "Come on in. I was starting to wonder if you were still coming." I return her smile easily. Madge is one of the few people that evoke such a positive response from me. She's the only girl that I'm friends with. Well, actually, aside from Gale she's the only person that I'm friends with. I'm not complaining, of course. Madge and I get along really well, even if she is a little more giddy than me. "I brought you strawberries," I say as I step into the house. "And a rabbit." "Oh, wonderful!" she says, brushing past me into the kitchen. "Just set them there on the counter – no, not the rabbit!" I watch in amusement as she opens a cupboard and pulls out a roll of paper. She rips a piece off and lays it down on the counter. "Put the rabbit there ." I comply, emptying my bag, and then follow her into the sitting room. I know that she'll repay me for the food before I leave. I take a seat on one of the soft armchairs, curling my legs beneath me and Madge doesn't hesitate to sit on the floor in front of me with her back resting against the chair. "Braid my hair," she demands, causing me to laugh. "A bit bossy, aren't we?" I tease her. She turns her head to grin at me. "Well, I am the mayor'sdaughter. You have to listen to me. Now, braid!" I almost roll my eyes as she tilts her head back so that her hair falls into my lap. "Fine," I say, feigning a sigh. My hands reach forward and take hold of a few sections of silky, golden hair near her forehead. "But no complaints if I pull too hard." "Fair enough!" she says, smiling. We sit in silence for a while, my hands working in a weaving motion through her hair. It's not as intricate as my mother's braiding, but it still looks nice. Although I'm not sure if Madge's hair could look anything but nice, no matter what I do to it. It shines and sparkles, and complements her blue eyes perfectly. "Did you know them?" My hands still in response to the question. Madge inclines her head a few inches, and I can see that she isn't smiling now. I know that she's referring to the tributes that were reaped yesterday. "The boy," I say quietly as I return to deftly braiding Madge's hair. "I've never talked to him, but he's in Prim's… Prim's class…" I trail off, thinking of my little sister. She's eleven yet, so her name wasn't in the reaping yesterday. Next year, that won't be the case. I can't even bear to think about it. "He's only twelve," I continue, my voice gaining an edge of anger. "He'll be slaughtered." Madge nods, remaining silent. I hear her sigh, and I know she feels the same. "It's a shame," she finally says. Her voice is tense, and I feel connected to her in that moment. She's