Hi! I hope you will enjoy reading my first HG fiction, so far I'm quite proud of it :) I will try my best to upload new chapters as regularly as possible :D As I stare out over what used to be a vast meadow covered in hundreds of different types of flowers, but that now is only a mere burnt field I feel my boyfriend folding his arms around me. I guess he knows I'm feeling rather bad about seeing this. It's nice though to feel his warm body holding me, making me feel safe. He's the only thing that I have won these last years. Most other things in my life seem to have been lost instead. It's all thanks to the Capitol. Five years ago, when I was a sheer twelve-year-old, my so far simple and happy life as a merchandise daughter ended as the beginning of the rebellion came. I had heard for years my father shouting out that the rebellion would come, but I never really believed it would. So when it finally happened I was in utter shock for several weeks before it sank in. By then we had left our home with the rest of our village in 1 to hide in the forests surrounding our district in case that they would start to bomb the district or something. When I realized what was happening around me I cried for days. My father and my older brother had left me to join the army. My much younger sister Carly, only five years old at the time, my mother and I were left behind. I didn't know what we were going to do. I didn't know how we were going to survive or anything, and after only a few weeks from home the food we had brought was almost all gone. When people told me that the forest contained so much for us to eat I took my sister with me to gather plants each day with some of the other residences of our small camp. We ate everything and anything we could find that wasn't poisonous. Sometimes I followed some of the boys in our camp hunting for meat. I hated watching the innocent animals die but I knew we needed the meat. I used to set up traps because I didn't know how to use a bow or any other weapon. One day they let me try one of their bows. It was quite large, I remember having huge problems trying to hold it and pulling back the string at the same time. The first time I tried it the arrow landed by my feet and the boys started to laugh. They weren't being mean though, they told me later that they had all looked stupid at their first attempt. And clearly the bow was too big for me. I followed them the next day hunting too, in order to check my traps for game. I had good hunting luck that day. I got three squirrels and a thick beaver. They would give a lot of food to our group. Then the boys surprised me with a gift. It was a bow. They showed me how to use it, but when I tried it I couldn't get the arrow to go further than a mere five feet. I didn't thought this was something I was ever going to be good at. But none of the boys gave up on me and once I had started to train regularly with it I got a good deal better with it. I started to follow the boys more often. I still used my traps, they almost always caught something, and there weren't all days we came across game. The boys thought me to walk more carefully, not stepping on any twigs. Soon enough I was just as good as them at hunting. But no matter how good I became there were still days that just didn't worked out. There were still days when we had to go to sleep hungry. This feeling of hunger was new for me; I had never experienced it before. I was used to always being fed properly. This entire life was new and strange to me. I began to wonder why we had to fight this war. So far it had only led to bad things. It had only led to starvation and families being torn apart. Well, at least from my point of view. It was during these days that I met Mrs Shant. She was the apothecary's wife, and a very nice lady at that. She must have been in her fifties back then, but to me she looked so young and beautiful she could have been thirty. She had flowing curly blonde locks that framed her face and a smile that always were there encouraging all of us children. She had three kids of her own, but they all followed her husband when he went to take care of all the injured people from the battles. She couldn't though. Her health wouldn't let her make that long a journey. Instead she took care of everybody in our camp. Especially us children. Mrs Shant was the one who made me see the rebellion as a good thing. As a possibility to make our lives better, to actually become free. Free from not only the bars that surrounded our districts or from the Capitol, but being free from the boundaries, being able to do everything and anything we wanted. I loved that idea. I dreamed about travelling, seeing places far off. Seeing what else there was in the world besides the vast forests, the diamond mines, and the confinement. For five months Mrs Shant made us kids dream. To see the silver lining. But then she became much worse and couldn't walk out any more. So she slept for long periods at a time. Only waking up when one of us kids came and visited her. When she finally died all of us mourned her for weeks, not accepting her death. Our huge joy had suddenly vanished, leaving us yet again to take care of everything alone. It was then I figured out that I wished to help with the rebellion. So I followed the next group that left to join them. At only thirteen I was all alone, heading towards a war, no idea what I was actually doing. I was travelling with a few older men that had been left behind due to broken bones and illnesses, but also some other kids that too were around my age, not able to stay behind anymore, believing they could be of help somewhere else. I didn't bring much with me as I left. Just my bow and a small photograph of my family. I didn't need anything else. But the further we traveled from our camp, the more I started to miss everyone I knew. Mother. Carly, sweet little innocent Carly. My friends. I wondered what they were all doing. I still don't know how many nights I cried myself to sleep during our journey because I missed them all. And every night I wondered if they missed me too. When we after weeks of walking finally reached the army, we also found the armies from district three and eight nearby. I and the other kids were directed to a minor clearing in the woods nearby, where a small hospital tent had been set up. The hospital was probably set up there so that it would be a hard target for the Capitol, considering that we really needed the doctors. And I guess it was due to our young age that we weren't allowed to actually go into battle, but this suited me just fine. I probably wouldn't have been able to kill anybody anyway, even though I was good enough with my bow and arrow. I gravely disliked killing animals, and the thought of killing other people was sheer torture. It still is. When we came into the small tent, a tall black-haired woman showed us around. She told us what we could help with. It was mostly stuff like feeding the ones that couldn't eat by themselves or cleaning up wherever we could. Helping the nurses. So we did. That first day was horrible. There was so much blood to clean up that I started to feel sick. I could see on the other ones faces that they too felt awful over it. And I really wish I could say that the blood was the worst thing I had to clean up that day, but of course it wasn't. Considering that this was a fairly small tent for being a hospital, there lay injured people everywhere with different diseases. I saw people coming in with their flesh falling off bit by bit from extreme burns, waiting for me or another kid to clean it up. I saw bones sticking out of peoples bodies, I saw people with so bad cuts that you could almost see through them. I don't know how many peoples vomit I was forced to clean up after. I wish I could say that the sight of all this was the worst we were exposed to, but I fear that it was the smell of the place that haunted me the worst. The entire place reeked of burned flesh and vomit. It was a huge reveal being allowed to leave when the night came. I was shown a tent where I would live with some of the other girls from the hospital. The tent wasn't that big to begin with, and we were a dozen girls sleeping in there at the same time. It was fair to say that it was a shortage of room, but we all managed to find space to sleep in. I was allowed to keep my things on my bed, there wasn't any place else to put them. Being in the war proved to be a lot more different than I had thought it would be. The last thing I did before falling to sleep was watching my picture of my family while wondering if I had done the right choice by leaving. As the years passed on I saw too many children working in the hospital, waiting to become old enough to join the army at fourteen. I however stayed along with a few others, the place and the work grew on me, and I liked it. After some time we were allowed to do more and more things. When I was fifteen I could do everything the nurses could. I felt great joy each time I saw someone leave our tents healed from their injuries, whether this was a simple flu or even a nasty shot from a bullet. I realized this was where I belonged, with the sick, the weak, and I would never have fitted being a soldier, doing the exact opposite. Killing. I stopped seeing how much like a battlefield this hospital actually looked like after a while. I had been here for so long it became something natural. I was used to seeing fresh blood around me at all time, to always have an odor of sweat and burned flesh reeking in my nose. It all became part of my life. The only horrible thing about working in the hospital was really the fact that you had to see way too many soldiers die from their wounds and diseases. More than half of the people that came in through our doors never left again. All due to shortage of proper medicine. It all made us resent the Capitol even more. A few times I met someone I knew in the hospital tent. A friend from back home, an old neighbor, one of my father's old colleagues. I always sat down next to them and talked to them about what had happened since the last time I'd seen them. Sometimes one of them carried