There I stood, in the one place I could be myself. The one place I could be free and get away from the craziness the world has come to today. And the one place I could be with her. I looked up to see her grab her bow and I smiled. I followed her, watching to see what she would do. That's when I saw what she was going for, a deer. I had to admit, the girl had guts, that's one thing I always have loved about her. "Catnip" I found myself saying. Distracted by my words, she let an arrow fly, missing. She turned around and began to yell at me as I reminded her of what day it was, reaping day. She could have never gotten away with carrying something that big back to our district with so many peacekeepers about. We walked awhile and then decided to sit awhile on a nearby hill. I looked up at her beautiful face, "what if everyone just stopped watching. Then they wouldn't have a show." This is something I often thought about but yet knew would never happen. She agreed with what I thought. I sat there thinking for a while. I just wanted to escape this whole thing. The idea of a hunger games just didn't make any since to me, no matter how much the capitol tried to explain it. "We could do it you know" I finally said. "What?" she asked. "Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it" I replied. She looked up at me, "we wouldn't make it five miles." "We'd make it farther then that" I said as I thought about her and I running off to the woods, the one place we both felt free. "I have Prim and you have your family. Could you imagine, Prim in the woods" she said as she smiled. I tried to manage a smile back. I knew she would never leave her sister Prim. The future I had daydreamed about would just be that, a dream. That's when I remembered what lie in my pocket. I dug my hand in my pocket, pulling out a loaf of bread. Katniss smiled, "Is that real!" I smiled and broke off a piece for her. I handed it to her and in my best capitol accent I said, "Happy hunger games." "And may the odds be ever in your favor" she finished in her capitol accent. I smiled and looked up into her beautiful eyes. I just wanted this moment to stay like this forever. "How many times is your name in there Gale?" she asked. "42" I replied. I looked up to see the worry in her eyes. And yet, I wasn't worried about my own name being chosen at the reaping latter today. I imagined the chances of her name being chosen. She too had her named entered more times than it should have been. She started to get up and I knew it was almost time for the dreaded reaping. "See you in the square" she said. I smiled, "wear something pretty" I said as she started to walk away. I stood right there, watching her leave until I could no longer see her image. And yet, I still stood, thinking about what could have been and what was to come. 42 times I thought to myself. I shook my head and started to walk towards home. May the odds be ever in my favor I thought to myself. I pictured Katniss as I just had saw her, sitting on that hill, and may the odds be ever in her favor I thought. I walked into my home to find my two brothers, Vick and Rory, and my sister Posy. Posy ran over and embraced me in a hug, "Gale!" I smiled, "hello beautiful." She smiled and ran over to my mother. I wished I could remember when I was that young and didn't have to worry about being chosen to compete in the hunger games. I looked over to see my mother was staring at me. I smiled at her. I knew she was worried for my life. I was glad only my life was on the line and not anyone else's in my family, yet. After getting myself ready, I helped my mother dress the boys and Posy for the reaping. I watched my mother braid Posy's hair and my mind shifted to someone else I knew who wore a braid. I looked up to hear my mother saying, "Ready?" I got up and started walking beside my family. Was I truly ready, no. I wished I could just run to the woods now. We finally reached the square and I started to walk away from my family, towards the boys section of the lines. I turned around to see my mother's sad eyes. Posy ran up to me and gave me one last hug. "I'll see you soon" I said as I led her back to my mother. I walked into line and stood with the other boys my age. I looked around till my eyes finally fell upon hers. I smiled and she smiled back. We both knew that neither of us was truly happy though. I watched as Effie Trinket walked on stage. "Welcome, welcome, to the 24th annual hunger games. And may the odds be ever in your favor!" she said in her capitol accent. I thought of Katniss and I mocking that same accent just a few hours ago. "Ladies first" she said. I waited patiently as Effie walked over to the glass with the girl's names inside. Please don't be Katniss, Please don't be Katniss, I thought to myself. "Primrose Everdeen" was the name read. I knew what was going to happen before it even happened. It was like everything was put into slow motion. I ran out of the crowd as I heard Katniss's voice say, "I volunteer, I volunteer as tribute." I picked up Prim as she yelled, "No! Katniss, No!" She was kicking and screaming now but I didn't let go, I knew this is what Katniss would want. "It's ok Prim. Everything will be ok" I told her even though I knew the words were lies. "What's your name dear" Effie's voice rang through my ears. I heard her small, scared voice reply, "Katniss Everdeen." I wanted to run up there and stop this madness. I wanted to embrace her and tell her everything would be ok. But I knew I couldn't. I wasn't paying much attention to what was going on before me. I was too shocked by what just happened. But I watched as a boy walked onto the stage and stood next to Katniss. I knew him as the backer's son. Should I volunteer I thought to myself. Then I could at least keep her safe. I looked over at Prim and knew Katniss wouldn't want me to volunteer. If I did there wouldn't be anyone left to feed Prim or my brothers and sister. I watched as the backer boy and Katniss shook hands and were taken away. That was it I thought, my last chance to volunteer was over. I waited patiently for my turn to see her for probably the last time. What would I say to her? I worried this would be the last time I saw her. Should I tell her I loved her? It was true, I did love her, and yet I had never once told her. This could be my last chance. I didn't want to think like that, I would see her again. She is a fighter, she could win this thing. I've seen her use a bow; she has one of the best shots. I watched as Prim and Mrs. Everdeen walked out, tears in their eyes. It was my time now; I started to walk to the door. My hand stayed on the door knob for a few minutes. Finally my hand slowly turned it and there she stood, tears in her eyes. I did the first thing that came to mind; I embraced her in a hug. I took my hands and lay them on her shoulders, so I could see into her big brown eyes. ""Katniss, it's just hunting. You're the best hunter I know" I said. "Yeah, animals. These are kids Gale" she replied. "Same thing" I said "get to a bow." "What if they don't have one?" she asked. "Well then make one. Show them how good you are!" I said, tears starting to fill my eyes. "There are 24 of us, only one comes out" she said. I tried to hold back my tears; she can do it I thought to myself. That's when the peacekeepers came in and said I had to leave. I want more time with her but they will not let me. "Don't let them starve!" she yells to me. "I won't! You know I won't! Katniss, remember I-" and that's all I could get out. The peacekeepers had grabbed me and had pulled me through the door. I now stood all alone. Remember I love you, I thought. Those are the words I so wanted to say but they were taken away from me. And now she may never know. I ran, as fast as I could to the woods. I climbed the electric fence and found myself in the one place I had always felt safe. And yet, it now felt distant. I sat on the hill Katniss and I sat on not too long ago. And that's when the tears started to come. We could have done it. I thought about what would have been our future if we had ran when I had pitched the idea. She would be safe then. Her and I would be safe and sound. This was selfish of me to think though. "I have Prim and you have your family" I heard her voice say to me. And yet, at the time I pitched the idea, I wasn't even thinking of them. I wanted her to be with me right now, sitting on this hill. I just wanted to see her one more time, so I could tell her I love her. I sat on this hill for the next few weeks. These thoughts and many others going through my head. I would hunt for her and my family. I would visit Prim and Mrs. Everdeen often and give them what I had caught. But most of my time was spent on the hill. I thought about the time when I had first met her. I had seen her in school and around the seam but this was the first time I actually talked to her. I remembered seeing her at the funeral; her father along with mine had been killed in a mining accident. I was 14 at the time. I was behind a tree watching her and I saw her next to one of my traps that had a rabbit inside. "That's dangerous" I said. She turned around and looked at me. I walked over and helped her get the rabbit out of my snare. "What's your name" I asked. She said something in a quiet voice that I could barely hear, it sounded like Catnip to me. "Well, Catnip, stealing's punishable by death, or hadn't you heard?" I said. "Katniss!" she said louder this time, "And I wasn't stealing it. I just wanted to look at your snare. Mine never catch anything." I looked down at her hands and saw she was holding a bow. "Can I see that?" I asked and she handed it to me. I examined it, it was a nice bow. I handed it back, "Just remember, stealing's punishable by death" I said. I looked up and smiled at her, that was the first time I had smiled since my father's death. And now I thought