Disclaimer: I only own the plot; all credit goes to Nathalia Potterfor letting me useher idea.Also I do not own The Lord of the Rings, that honor goes to J.R.R Tolkin. Summary: This is the sequel to High-school girls and Fellowships (my first fan fic), please read and review that one first, if you don't read my first story before you look at this one then you will not understand this story. A/N - Because he was only mentioned once in "High-school girls and fellowships" I have decided to ensure that Atropine and Sybella's Father (Typhoneus) will also make an appearance sometime during this story. Chapter One Laure's point of view I don't know how we got here or even where we are, but we have somehow landed in a large white chamber of some kind (with about twenty or so beds in it.), and Mother, Lady Sophie, Lady Robin, and Aunt Natasha all look absolutely terrified at where we are. I do know, however, that the people who are responsible for this will not enjoy what I will do once I have found them. Maybe I should start at the beginning and introduce myself first: my name is Laure, I am the youngest child of Prince Legolas and Princess Sally of Mirkwood and I am going to be three years old in September. Besides my mother, her friends, and my Aunt (who is Mother's twin sister.), there was my twelve-year-old big brother, Oropher, and my four older sisters Sorcha, Amrungil, Catherine and Anna. My cousins Elfwine, Allysia and Jane and the Royal children of Gondor; Eldarion, Celebrian, Gilrean and Luthien had also been brought here, as have the steward of Gondor's grandchildren, Ecthelion and Finduilas, by his oldest son and Lady Sophie, one of mothers friends, and Frodo Baggins and Lady Robin's children; Serena and Sam, who is another one of mothers friends, and Katrina, who has been in my Aunt's care since she was four years of age. My oldest sister, twelve-year-old Sorcha, hugs me as I begin to cry. Meanwhile, Catherine looks at mother and asks if she knows where we are, Mother looks back and tells us "We are in the land in which Lady Sophie, Lady Robin, your Aunt, and myself were born, I do not know how or why we are all here, because when Sophie, Robin, your Aunt Natasha and I married our respective husbands, we were forbidden from ever returning here, and our choices were made irreversible when you children were born." Mother was about to say something else when a man dressed in white came into the chamber, took one look at our group, and immediately raced back out of the chamber again. Mother instantly turned to the rest of us. "When that man comes back there might be a lot of questions asked so speak only in Elvish, Gondorian, and/or Rohirric." just then the man dressed in white came back, followed by a large group of people. A man and a woman with rather gray hair hurried over to Lady Sophie's bed, and a man and two women raced over to Lady Robin's bed, while the rest of the group ran over to us and started questioning Mother, Aunt Natasha, and Katrina. After almost an hour the people surrounding mother, Aunt Natasha, and Katrina stop asking questions and a boy of about eleven looks at us and asks who we are. I pale slightly, because it might be hard not to make these people suspicious since my sister's, brother, cousins, friends, and myself are not wearing clothes that would be considered normal to these people, and neither were mother, Aunt Natasha, and Ladies Sophie, and Robin for that matter. Oropher is wearing a light green tunic and brown pants; Sorcha is wearing the flowing pale white gown that mother gave her two years ago, as well as a necklace and circlet of silver and white pearls; Amrungil is wearing a dark yellow gown trimmed with black lace and a golden headband; Catherine is wearing a sky blue gown trimmed with gold; my friends are wearing silver, pale blue, and dark blue; my cousins are wearing various shades of green, light yellow, and blue/black colored robes and dresses; Anna is wearing a dress of white and over-dress made of red material as well as a golden circlet; and I am wearing a dress made of white material with gold embroidery, and I am also wearing a golden headband. Lady Sophie and Lady Robin are all right because their gowns might not be out of place here, but mother and Aunt Natasha may also have trouble passing this off as well. Since we had been at the council of ruler's before we ended up here Mother is wearing a flowing dress of silver and pale white trimmed with gold and sapphires, along with her silver necklace and earrings and the crown which symbolizes that she is the Crown Princess of Greenwood. Aunt Natasha is wearing a gown made of dove-grey silk and has her hair in a low silver hairnet. Luckily she and Mother had both taken off their crowns and hidden them under the sheets of the bed when the man in white left to get the people who were asking us questions. Anyway… It is Sorcha who saves us children from any questions by telling them her name and say that the rest of us children are her brother's and sister's. The man in white suggests that everyone leave so that we can rest. Hopefully those people will not be back tomorrow morning with even more questions. Back in Middle-earth Legolas, Crown Prince of Mirkwood, Eomer, Lord of the Riddermark, Boromir, heir of the Steward of Gondor, and Frodo Baggins, Ringbearer during the war with Sauron, were pacing the room were the council of rulers was normally held, and it was very obvious to anyone who had not made themselves scarce that the Elf, two men, and the hobbit were coming very close to having a nervous breakdown. In all fairness, however, nobody could blame them since just over three hours ago, in the middle of the council, of all the ill manners, a dark figure wearing a black hooded cloak which covered it's face had entered the room, conjured a thick cloud of black smoke, and then vanished. When the smoke had cleared Princess Sally, Queen Natasha, Lady Sophie, and Lady Robin were gone, as well as all the children, resulting in a room-wide panic. Unseen by all of them the black hooded figure watched them with an evil smile, it would not be long now until she and her followers took control of Middle-earth. Back in our world Sorcha's POV I am glad that we are now free to leave this 'hospital', but I certainly am not feeling comfortable at the moment. When the man dressed in white told us that we could leave a group of woman came in carrying some bags and some very strange looking clothes (apparently the people who had been questioning us yesterday were mother and aunt Natasha's, Lady Sophie's, and Lady Robin's families and had given the group of woman the aforementioned clothes for us to wear.) and then closed the curtains around the beds so that we could get changed. I am now wearing a aqua blue dress that has only one strap and some white sandals, Oropher is wearing a light blue top and some black pants with some brown shoes, Amrungil is wearing the same kind of dress that I am (Except her dress is bright red) and a pair of black and pink slip-on shoes, Catherine is wearing a midnight blue dress with dark blue sandals, Anna is dressed in a frock of multicolored stripes, and Laure is dressed in a light purple frock (the rest of us children are dressed like this as well.). Mother is now wearing a long emerald and forest green skirt and a wine colored sleeveless shirt and some black shoes, aunt Natasha is wearing a white shirt and the same kind of skirt mother is wearing (except her skirt is dark blue.), Lady Sophie is wearing yellow pants and a white shirt, and Lady Robin is dressed in a pink top and a blue skirt. We put the clothes that we had been wearing yesterday in one of the bags and our headbands, circlets, and crowns into the other bag. When we finally get outside we are told that we are all traveling back to mother and aunt Natasha's former home (it took a lot of persuasion on mother and aunt Natasha's part, but they have managed to talk their former families into letting us stay with them.) by what is known around here as 'public transport'. When we get to the house that mother and aunt Natasha once lived in, a woman with a slightly foul tongue let's us inside and we are greeted with a rather amusing sight. A little sheep dog jumped over something, landing in a basket of clothes, and then started running over to us barking. My nine-year-old cousin Jane giggles and picks up the puppy, I will not deny that the puppy (Nephthys) is cute but right now we are being shown around the house. One of the rooms is such a mess that my twin brother uses the bond that all twins have to comment that whoever owns this room should definitely ask for advice on being tidy and really needs some lessons on cleaning up after themselves, I smile at him, silently agreeing with him on that comment. The room across the hallway is much neater (like the room that aunt Natasha used to have.) and apparently this room had belonged to mother when she was growing up, there is a 'stereo' on a shelf above her bed, there are also a lot of books in here and most of us (after silently asking mother and having her agree.) grab the first book that we look at and then start reading them, and helping Anna and Laure when they misspell something. Back in Middle-earth Legolas the Crown Prince of Mirkwood sighed, only four days ago his wife and children had somehow been drawn out of Arda along with his wife's two best friends, his sister-in-law and their children, not to mention the royal children of Gondor, and not only did he, Boromir, Aragorn, Frodo Baggins, and King Eomer have absolutely NO idea as to what had happened to them but they were now trying to battle a force more powerful then Sauron and Morgorth put together. Mary-Sues. Legolas would have preferred the War of the Rings all over again. The only reason they had not triumphed over him already was because of the love that he had for his wife, even at thirty-five Sally was still the loving woman he had met all those years ago, and right now the only thing that was stopping him from having another nervous breakdown was that Gandalf had managed to find a way to bring his wife, her sister, her two friends, and the children back and was going to cast the spell tomorrow morning, which was also very good because if he even so much as encountered just one more of those dreadful 'Mary-Sue' creatures then he was not going to hesitate to strangle the aforementioned creatures, his normal standards towards the fairer gender non-withstanding. However the sound of those terrible previously mentioned creatures was now coming down the hallway going into his room, hearing them coming Legolas quickly barricaded all of the windows and the door (his brother-in-law, and his friends had started doing the same thing ever since the Mary-Sue creatures had arrived.) then decided to try and at least get some rest. In order to keep his mind off the fact that he was really close to the edge of another breakdown, Legolas turned his thoughts back to when the war had ended