Amelia's Life This is a summary of Amelia's life, as seen through her eyes. There will be mentions of her abusive past, but I will never go into more detail than that which she told Carlisle after their big fight. It starts off with her being three years old, then again at age five. The next few scenes are at age 10, 11, 13 and 15, when she sees Carlisle and Esme for the first time. I have kept her language and grammar use simple and made it more mature as she grows up. So Amelia's sentences at age 3 are simpler than at age 15. POV – Amelia. "Titch, I'm sorry angel. Daddy's gone to be with Mommy," Uncle Simon tried to be nice to me as he told me the news I had been waiting to hear. Papa was very sick. Uncle Simon told me that Papa and Maman were in our car when another car hit them. I thought cars only hit people walking across the road. Maman always made us run across the road, even when the light was green. She said that people in cars don't always like to stop at red lights. When we drove in the car, we always stopped at red lights – I checked every time. Maman and Papa promised me that they would always be there for me. Maman went to heaven the day before yesterday. I guess she needed Papa to stay with her, because he has gone too. "Titch, sweetheart. They need to take Daddy to be with Mommy," spoke Uncle Simon. I frowned at him through my tears, could he not see that my heart was breaking? Papa's heart was not making any sounds anymore. His chest did not rise anymore. That meant someone was dead. I saw Maman yesterday. She was cold, but I wanted to say goodbye to her. Uncle Peter said that she could hear me from heaven when I said my goodbyes. I got stiff as one of the nurses tried to pick me up and take me out of Papa's room. I started to cry because I didn't want to leave him. He needed to come back. I needed him too. Maman was a big person. I was a little person. Maman always said that a little person needs a big person to help them grow up into a big person. Maman was in heaven, but why did Papa have to go too? Why did they both have to go? "You're alright, my darling. Hush, little one. It's going to be alright," whispered Uncle Simon, taking me into his arms and carrying me back to my room in the children's section of the Eye See You. Papa said that it is not spelled the same way, and it is an abbrev- I forget what the word is, but it is short for Intensive Care Unit. It meant special care for special people. Papa said I was special, but I always came home from the Eye See You. He won't. "What's gonna happen to me now? I'm a little person. Maman says I need to stay with a big person until I am a big person," I asked as Uncle Simon put me back on my bed. The sheets are pink. I don't like pink. Uncle Peter was now in my room too. He was crying. So was Uncle Simon. Papa must be very important to them too. "You will come and stay with me until you are a big person," said Uncle Peter, as he tucked me into bed and gave my teddy bear. "Promise?" I asked as a nurse put my drip back together and put a medicine into it with a syringe. I was now getting sleepy. That was weird. I had not even brushed my teeth yet. It could not be bedtime already. "I promise, Mia," Uncle Peter promised. I don't remember anything else as I fall asleep. I just knew that I had a feeling that I won't be staying with Uncle Peter. In the morning, a lady came to see me. She said her name is Ms Colgan. She seemed nice. She asked me lots of questions but I just wanted her to go away. I wanted Maman and Papa. When I was finally allowed to go home, she took me away. Uncle Peter was yelling at her, and Uncle Simon was holding him back while she grabbed my arm and led me to a car. I didn't want to go with her. I wanted Uncle Peter. Uncle Peter made me a promise, and he didn't keep it. "My name is Officer Potter. Are you Amelia?" asked a man with kind eyes. He was in a police uniform. I was scared, was I going to be locked away? Was this my punishment for hiding my face from the camera yesterday? He was hurting me. I still hurt, even now. I realised that he was speaking again, "It's alright. I am not going to hurt you. I am here to help you. Mr Warwick-James is going away for a long time." I nodded my head and he took me by the hand, leading me out of the house. I started crying and tried to run back inside. My violin was in there. It was all I had of Maman and Papa. I didn't even remember what they look like. It scared me to realise that. "My violin!" I screamed, coughing a lot. It hurt my tummy when I did. I'd been doing that a lot lately. He continued to walk away from the house and set me down, wrapping a blanket around my shoulders. It was cold. There was snow. Was it already December? It was so dark and cold outside, and I shivered. There was a lot of noise, and I saw Mr James coming outside. He was yelling. There was a police officer pushing him along the pathway. I shrank back against Officer Potter, but he still saw me and grinned that horrible smile that gave me the heebie jeebies. I felt something warm trickle down my legs. I started to cry when I saw that I had wet myself. I got wrapped up in another blanket and put in a different car to the one Mr James is in. I was not feeling very well. I think I had an infection again. Mr James had not been giving me my medicine like he should. "We'll get you some clean pyjamas soon," promised Officer Potter. I didn't want clean pyjamas. I wanted my violin. I told him such. He promised me that he would find it. That made me sad. The last time someone promised me something, I got put in a house with people I didn't know. I don't even remember who that person was, but I know that he was nice. I believed him. I should not have. He was not my friend anymore. "She's burning up," stated a lady police officer when we arrived at the station. She was touching my forehead but she was not a doctor. I didn't want her to touch me, but I felt too sick to care. She put a thermometer under my tongue and sounded scared when she read out my temperature. I started to feel sleepy. People started crowding around me. I just wanted my violin but I was too tired to cry anymore about it. More men in uniforms came, but theirs were different. They touched my wrist and put me on a bed. Then they put a mask on my face and put me in a van. I didn't want to go in the van but Officer Potter said that I had to go to hospital again. I didn't want to go there either. I got my clean pyjamas. The Officer found my violin, and my teddy bear. He gave them to me the next day, which was Christmas Day. All the other children got presents from their Mommies and Daddies. I didn't know you got presents for Christmas. Most of them went home for the day. I had no one, except for Officer Potter giving me my violin and bear. I didn't want presents if it meant that I got those two things back. He didn't even yell at me for wetting myself. Ms Colgan asks me a lot of questions but I don't answer them. Mr James said that he would kill me if I told anyone. I told him I did not care. I wanted Maman and Papa. If he killed me, I would be with them in heaven. So he told me that he would hurt Ms Colgan. So I kept quiet. She was trying to help other kids like me, and if she died, who would help them? "Amelia, this is Mrs Miller. She runs the group home," said Ms Colgan, introducing me to a lady with a plump face. I could say that she seemed to be nice, but I would not know. Most adults seemed to be decent until you get sick for the first time. I would not assume her to be nice until I've hurled on the floor or kept her up all night with my coughing and seen how she acts. I deliberately cough to see what she does. She keeps quiet but looks concerned. Perhaps she has potential to be decent. As long as she leaves me alone and doesn't hurt me like Mr James, we'd get along just great. I felt that usual pain whenever I think about him, it slices through my heart. I took a breath and count slowly to ten in my head. It helped, sometimes. "Shall we go to your room?" she asked. I realised she was talking to me. I nod my head. She tried to take my violin from me, but I tightened my grip around the case. It's all I have of my mother. The case was battered and broken, but it served its purpose. On my back is my backpack with my clothes and my teddy bear. I do not have much, but I had enough. When the social worker would come to take me to a new home, or take me to hospital, she'd give me a black garbage bag to put my things in to take with me. At one of my homes, my foster mom had cried when I arrived with just a black bag. She and her husband had brought me some lovely things, the backpack was one of them. I'd stayed with them for little over two months. We lived on a farm. It was the best foster experience. I'd been placed there shortly after Mr James, and it had helped me to recover from that incident. It had been a horrible day when they had died in a car accident. I really liked them. Their home was the longest that I had stayed at. I remember when they hugged me for the first time. I had cried for hours, until I found myself in my foster mother's arms again. She was crying too, I don't think she knew what else to do. But instead of feeling sad, I felt safe and protected in her arms. It was not something I was used to. It felt nice. After their deaths, I was given a garbage bag again. But this time, I refused. I had a backpack with my school things in it. It was the only thing that they had given me that I took with me. Everything else remained at the farmhouse. I wonder what happened to it. That couple was different to all the others. "Well, here it is. You will have a roommate later on. She's also ten," spoke Mrs Miller. I smiled at her and thanked her, before walking inside and looking around. There were two single beds in the room, with a small table separating them. Beneath the table is a nebuliser with my