Purging: "Purging: to rid someone of an unwanted feeling, memory or condition." -Search result of define: purging. Primrose Everdeen had never believed in heaven. She had never believed in any higher power either. It wasn't that she was an active unbeliever, she simply didn't have time to think of it. There had always been a more pressing task that had required her attention. First it was gathering herbs with Katniss. As she got older she had helped her mother treat patients. She had saved lives back then, she knew. And much later being a doctor in the rebellion. Prim had plenty of time to think about the meaning of life now. It was slightly ironic, as she was dead. She never would be coming back and it was doubtful that she would see any of her loved ones again. That had hurt, when she had first entered this state. The given knowledge that Katniss would be sent to another place. To the realm of heroes, to be with others like her. She didn't begrudge Katniss this though. Katniss would hate it down here. Katniss had a long time to go until then anyway. Prim knew that she would never leave this place. She didn't want to anyway. It was where she belonged, and besides, she had a duty here. A duty to the other people? Spirits? Souls? Prim didn't really know what to call them. Incarnations, she decided was the most fitting. They still had a physical form, in a sense. You could still see them, still feel them. They were still painfully human. The only other thing that Prim knew about this place was its name: purgatory. That was her job. To purge the incarnations before they reached their next level. Prim didn't know what the next level was. Her inner optimist wanted to believe that it was heaven, or at least some place nicer than here. The realistic side of her suggested that it would vary from individual to individual. She knew that Katniss would go to a realm of heroes. Prim just hoped that she might pass through purgatory before. Her more pessimistic side suggested that once they had been healed, the people were just free to die. Prim didn't want to believe that though. It just seemed like a waste. She liked her job though. It seemed to embody her personality. There was the calm that this place brought. Then the sense of duty that kept her going, kept her from losing purpose and becoming bored. And their was the nurturing, healing side of what she did and the feeling that her work here was helping people. It was like being a healer again and she thought that it was why she had been chosen to be here. Whatever the reason, she was glad that she was chosen for this. It was difficult to describe her form at the moment. It was a physical form. She could still feel her body, though no pain. She could still see and hear and touch. There was another sense added to the mix though, one that she didn't have a name for. She just called it sensing. It was where she could feel the location of a spirit, and read their surface thoughts. She would know why they were here and have an intuitive knowledge of what they needed. And Prim could sense someone now. She traveled across to the locus of the feeling. She could sense that this person needed a lot of help, needed a lot of time to achieve the inner peace that she aimed for. She wondered if it was another person who died in the rebellion. There had been plenty of them lately and a lot of them took a few weeks to appear up here. Most of them had this sort of aura of pain and suffering as well. This one seemed particularly scarred though. Prim wondered how she automatically had the peace that she was helping others with. She was a large part of the rebellion after all, hell, her sister was the symbol of the rebellion. Maybe she had been through a healing process that she didn't remember before coming to purgatory. The idea just didn't stick with her though. She could remember waking up here and she didn't feel any different to in life, minus the sensing thing. The first thing that she had noticed was how very grey purgatory was. And how large. There seemed to be clear space spread out everywhere as far as she could tell, even though you couldn't see it at first. There was also no temperature here and no air either. The textures were limited to the ground, which felt soft and silky, and the incarnations, which felt just like humans. It was like the senses of smell and taste had been removed (and nobody arrived in purgatory with any food). Prim reached the incarnation. He turned to her and they looked each other up and down. Prim felt an icy tingle of fear in her throat as she recognised who this was. She was torn between the instinct to run and hide (although there was no where that she could hide in purgatory) and reach out and help. "Miss Everdeen," the incarnation said. His tone was tired and showed a hint of regret. "President Snow," Prim replied warily. "You killed me," she stated. "You can call me Coriolanus. There's no need for formality here. I'm not president anymore, in any case. And it wasn't me that killed you." "You can call me Prim. And there's no need for manipulation here. You won't gain anything by convincing me to come to your side. So cut the lies." "I'm not manipulating you," Snow says. "If I was, you wouldn't know. No, all I'm doing is telling the truth. I dislike lying without a cause. And I'm probably going to hell anyway, there's no use in trying to drag you down with me." "To hurt Katniss," Prim replied. "You hate her enough to do that. You've shown that you aren't above using children in your plans. And hell might not even exist. I only know for sure that this place exists, so you can stop trying." "Really," Snow said. "And I'm not the type for revenge. You might find that hard to believe, but it's true. Revenge is an emotional reaction. Revenge won't bring me back to life. Revenge won't help in any way, therefore I will not engage in revenge. It is as simple as that." "So why are you lying? I know that the rebels wouldn't bomb me, so it must have been your side and indirectly you. And do you have emotion at all? Everybody has emotion, even you must feel something." Prim wondered if that was just naive optimism, but she couldn't imagine what it would be like not to feel. "I don't feel much," Snow responded. "Perhaps slight feelings of fear or happiness or anger rarely, but not often. Do you see that as a bad thing? It means that I can make the sensible decisions, not the emotional ones. Otherwise I would be trying to corrupt or harm you now, instead of talking like civil human beings. I also don't hate Katniss. I admire her, in fact. She was intelligent. And do you know what she did in the last moments before I died?" "She probably aimed the arrow at your heart and let it fly," Prim said. She knows Katniss. Katniss was too strong to let Snow mess with her head and Katniss had been given the honour of killing Snow. She wished that she could see Katniss one las time. She wished that Katniss was here to protect her right now. Physically, Snow couldn't do anything to her, but mentally? That was another matter. "She aimed at Coin at the last moment. I died laughing. And as untruthful as this sounds, it was the rebels. Think about it. Who uses the type of bomb that kills in two waves. Your friends. I believe it was your sister's best friend that designed the bomb. Gale Hawthorne, yes?" He didn't wait for her answer before ploughing on. "And who were the first targets? Capitol children. Why would I bomb my own citizens?" Prim mulled it over for a second. Snow's words made sense, but she still didn't want to believe that she had been killed by her own side, by Gale's weapon. She liked Gale. She had saved many lives in the rebellion, they couldn't have betrayed her. They couldn't have. It was impossible. But at the same time she knew the words were true. Snow was right about this, but it didn't make him the good guy, she reminded herself. He was still evil, even if he wasn't the one who killed her. "Why did Katniss kill President Coin?" Prim asked softly, remembering to keep her temper. Her job was to help this man after all. That didn't mean that she couldn't get a bit of information on the way though. Judging by what she could sense about Snow and the deeds that she knew he had done, she would be spending a lot of time with him. Prim just wondered why she was the one for this task though. She hadn't met any other healers in purgatory, but there must be some others. After all, it was a huge place and so many people passed through here. It couldn't just be managed by her alone. Perhaps it was chance that brought them together, but Prim thought that it was more than that. It had to be more than that, there had to a be a reason that she was given the man who had put her through so much in life, even if he wasn't the one who killed her. Perhaps it was thought that she was the best one to get through to him. "Katniss realised what President Coin had done," Snow replied. "I convinced her when she saw me once. She knows that Coin killed you, not me. She knows that Coin was even more ruthless than I was. Coin tried to kill Katniss so that she would have more power. Telling the truth to Katniss was my last good deed for Panem. So they could avoid another dictator. I just wanted Panem to flourish." "You wanted power," Prim countered. "Up until the time when you knew that you would die. Then you decided that it wouldn't harm you to help Katniss. It was the logical decision." Snow nodded. "You can't tell me that you cared much about people before that. You admitted it yourself. Another dictator. You were a dictator." "Yes. Yes I was," Snow admitted. "But by convincing Katniss, I also managed to save Panem from another few decades of dictatorship. Did you know that Coin wanted to stage another Hunger Games, this time with Capitol children? Very hypocritical of her. At least my Hunger Games were to stop war, not for revenge." "That's awful," Prim said in horror. "And you have a granddaughter. She would have definitely been reaped. How did she ever become the leader of the rebellion and President of Thirteen? Who would vote for someone like that?" Snow shrugged. "Leader of the rebellion came from being President of Thirteen. I have doubts that she became President of Thirteen by a vote. I suspect that it was more similar to my rise to power. I poisoned the other candidates. I drank the poison myself as well, to avoid suspicion. I had the antidote as well though. It still left bloody sores on the inside of my mouth though." "You really craved power," Prim whispers, more to herself than to anybody else. She had almost forgotten, in their civil conversation, that this man was the President of Panem, killer of many, her sister's arch enemy. Just because he didn't believe in revenge didn't make him a good person, not by any stretch.