Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, J. K. Rowling does. Harry sat in front of his window, looking over Privet Drive, as the sun rose on another torrid Sunday in the middle of July. It wasn't uncommon for Little Whinging to be so dull around this time of year. As the temperatures rose, most of the neighbourhood would seek refuge in the city centre, where the air-conditioning of one of the many malls and restaurants would keep their body temperatures at an acceptable level. Meanwhile, Harry was being boiled and bored alive in his pathetic excuse of a bedroom. He could even see the heat waves billowing up from underneath Privet Drive's hot tarmac. Yes, this street, and village for that matter, were and would always remain extraordinarily ordinary. As long as the Dursleys left him alone and didn't interfere, he was fine with this, but considering recent events at Hogwarts, he really wouldn't mind some distraction. If the setting had any kind of effect on Harry's mood, it was definitely for the worse. He barely slept, ate only what was necessary to stay alive and spent the rest of the day huddled up in his filthy bedroom. When even Uncle Vernon begun to show concern for Harry's health, although still in his own prickly demeanour, it meant Harry really wasn't looking well. His constant sullen look and bags under his eyes were partially to blame for this, although his cheek- and collarbones were definitely more pronounced than they had been a month ago. His Uncle wasn't genuinely worried for Harry's health though. The main reason for concern was that Harry wasn't bundled in the family health insurance. He'd have to pay every single penny of the doctor's bill should Harry fall ill, not something Vernon was looking forward to. Harry gazed outside once more and spotted Miss Figg. She was always out at the crack of dawn, accompanied by two of her cats on a leash. It had been one of the only remotely interesting things to happen all summer long. He'd first noticed her peculiar habit after he'd heard Aunt Petunia throwing a tantrum downstairs. At least the cats seemed to enjoy their time outside at this hour. Something that could not be said when she took them for their second walk, at noon. He couldn't quite remember which one was Mr Paws or Mr Tibbles, not that he cared one bit, it only served to take his mind of more important matters. Miss Figg's catwalks had been the one and only thing that put a ghost of a smile on Harry's lips these last few weeks. He was very thankful for that. Still, he was left wondering why she suddenly decided that taking her cats on walks was a good idea. He yawned and removed his glasses so he would be able to rub the sleep out of his eyes. He did not want to fall asleep. Sleep and Harry had never been the best of friends and he didn't think that would ever change. Since he'd returned from Hogwarts, his frequent nightmares had slowly transformed into permanent ones, to the point where he was even afraid to blink. This left Harry with no other option than staying awake as long as he could manage and then buckle down, taking all possible precautions for a nightmare-filled sleep. He tried to plan his sleep sessions when no one else was present in the house, but sometimes that wasn't possible. His nightmares had also begun to plague him when he was awake, in the plump form of his cousin Dudley. In an unfortunate turn of events, Harry had drifted off to sleep while writing a potions essay and Dudley had overheard him talking about Cedric in his sleep. Off course Dudley brought his name up in every possible situation and only drove Harry further into madness. He'd have to take more drastic measures if he'd ever wanted his cousin to shut up about it. Harry was shaken out of his thoughts when he heard a knocking sound coming from his window. He raised himself up from his bed as two owls emerged on the other side of the glass. The old and scrawny one on the left couldn't be anyone but Errol, the Weasley family owl. Next to him, in pristine condition, sat Hedwig. Harry reached for the window and opened it to let the pair in. It felt as if he was opening an oven. The two owls immediately dashed for the water in Hedwig's empty cage, she easily overpowered the older owl and gulped down beakfuls of the stuff. Errol realised he'd lost the battle, made his way over to Harry's bed and extended his foot, revealing several scrolls in the process. He quickly undid the poor owl of its many burdens and shooed Hedwig away from the water, so there would be some left for Errol. He was about to unwrap the first letter when an annoyed Hedwig bit him right in the fingers. Off course it wasn't a hard bite, but it still served to show him how annoyed she was at not being allowed to drink any more. "Hey!" Harry shouted at her. "It's not because you're being selfish, that you have to bite me in the fingers for it." She sensed that Harry wasn't in the mood for an argument and backed out of the fight. She hooted silently and looked at Harry's bedside cabinet, on which a letter now rested. Harry nodded curtly to let her know he'd understood and she scurried of to her cage, where she waited patiently for Errol to finish drinking. The pair had brought four letters in total. Errol had carried three scrolls with him, two normal-sized ones and one that was so small it roughly resembled a post-it. Hedwig had brought only one letter. It would have been difficult for her to carry any more, as it was quite a bulky envelope. As he looked down at all of these letters, a warm glow flared up in his stomach. He may have been through a lot, but his friends were still there for him and they would always be. Harry was sure of it. He got up to retrieve Hedwig's letter from the cabinet. It looked very formal and tedious, not unlike the Hogwarts letter he received on a yearly basis, only without the crest that was always embedded in the purple seal. He broke the seal and opened the letter, the small and precarious handwriting immediately gave away the author, not that there had been that many options in the first place. Harry was left wondering why Hermione had sealed it this way, however. Hey Harry, How are you doing? I hope you're all right, although I'm positive you'll be isolating yourself because of Cedric's death and that really isn't a good idea. If I'm right, then please listen to me, stop blaming yourself for what happened to him. You did not cause his death, all you wanted to do was share your glory with him because he helped you out. There's nothing wrong with that, in fact, it's a very noble decision, one that only a selfless and good wizard would make. We are all dying to see you again, Harry, and I'll be damned if that isn't weeks before school kicks off again. That means you'll only have to spend a couple more weeks in that hellhole. I'm sorry for starting this letter of like this, but I don't think it was a bad idea. To be frank, I really wouldn't appreciate you being a sack of bones when we meet again. I'm sure Mrs Weasley would wholeheartedly agree with me. You'll probably be wondering why I put this letter in such a weird envelope and sealed it with wax. That's because I'm on vacation in France at the moment and the scenery here is absolutely beautiful. I figured you would welcome some distraction, so I decided to put a couple of postcards inside the envelope. I even made one myself. It was my first time developing a moving photo, but I think it looks all right. Maybe the setting will keep your mind of the more serious matters for a bit. Harry hastily reached for the bin beside his desk, in which he'd already thrown Hermione's empty envelope. The postcards she had mentioned were still inside it and she hadn't been exaggerating. The French countryside really looked astounding. There was one picture of a mountainside completely covered in lavender. He could almost hear the bees humming about in scores and smell the lovely scent of thousands of flowers. He wanted to go on a trip like that sometime, after all this nonsense was over. He'd never done something like it in his life and he longed to do it with his friends one day. The second postcard showed an ancient mill, complete with wooden wings and an ancient and mouldy oak wood door . It stood in the centre of a vast tree plantation. Harry reckoned they were olives, since they were all stumpy and looked nearly as old as the mill itself. The last picture of the lot, was one of Hermione. She was standing on a white, sandy beach and the wind was whipping her hair while she frantically waved at him, a bright smile plastered on her face. The sea in the background shone in an incredible azure blue colour. Harry always told people his favourite colours were crimson and gold, but he had a secret crush on blue. Not this kind of blue though. He preferred an even darker shade, like dark-indigo. Hermione's waving figure put a bright smile on Harry's lips. He noticed that even though it had only been a couple of weeks, she seemed to have matured. Her face looked less childish and more focused than before. He slipped all three postcards back into the envelope and put them in his drawer, where he kept most of his valuable possessions Uncle Vernon hadn't taken yet. When the cards were securely hidden in his drawer, Harry continued on with the letter. Since I'm so far away from home and from you, it might be difficult to correspond next week. So, please don't take it personally if you don't receive another letter of mine. I've managed to persuade Ron. He said he'd be available if you ever felt like talking to someone while I'm away. I know he's not much of a talker, but I managed to convince him, so don't hesitate to make use of it if you want to. All in all, I'm all right, although I really miss you and Ron. I'll definitely be back in England by your birthday, so you don't have to worry about your gift not arriving on time. I think we'll be leaving for the village any minute now, so I have to round off my letter. I can't wait to see you again and don't forget: There's always light at the end of a tunnel, but if you don't look, you'll never find you way out." You can frame that in if you like, just don't forget to look for the light. Love, Hermione. P.S. I hope you don't mind me borrowing Hedwig for this. I don't think Errol would survive the journey and I'm not sure where I can find a suitable post office near here. As was tradition, Hermione's guesses about his psychological welfare were completely correct. He was sure Mrs Weasley would be furious at his current state and stuff him full with all the food she could get her hands on. Maybe he should eat a bit more, he felt weaker than ever before and, truth be told, he didn't like it. Besides, it's not like eating more would bring back more nasty memories or require him to be around his relatives more often. He always had to cook breakfast for them anyway.