Pairing: Edward Bella Genre: Romance/Drama Summary: The Pop Religion tour has paired sexy pop star, Issa Swan, with the leading Christian rock band Pure Religion. After watching sexy but chaste lead singer Edward Cullen perform night after night and really getting to know him, she can't take it anymore. Tonight, she intends to make him hers. Word Count: 6121 *Disclaimer: The author does not own any of the publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. *Lyrics borrowed from Skillet – Yours to Hold BPOV After nine long, amazing months, this tour is finally wrapping up. Tonight is our last show, and my future's a little uncertain. The only thing I am sure of is that Edward Cullen has driven me wild for months and today everything changed. Tonight, I intend to make him mine. The label decided they wanted to try something different: bridge the gap in religion and pop by taking the biggest Christian rock band and having them tour with the premiere pop princess, who would be me, Issa Swan. Pure Religion and I both balked at the idea when we were first told. None of us thought it could possibly work, and to be honest, I had no desire to be on tour with people I assumed would be constantly trying to save my soul ... as if my soul was what needed saving. It was my life that was spiraling out of control, but really there was no choice; what the label wanted the label got. Hence, the Pop Religion tour was born. Girls and guys alike flocked to our shows. It was the perfect idea really—sexy rockin' boys for the ladies and skimpy outfits with erotic moves for the guys. An absolutely superb money making machine. Edward Cullen, Pure Religion's lead singer, is every girl's wet dream come to life. The way he handles his guitar, the erotic way his fingers pluck the cords, can captivate any woman. He has the most amazing grass-green eyes, a jaw that all women want between their thighs, and don't even get me started on his hair. It's an amber color with blond and gold streaks all styled up to look like he just crawled out of bed from a good fuck. But oh no, this boy doesn't fuck. That's the problem ... or maybe the appeal. He's a good southern boy who loves God, has impeccable manners, a slight southern twang and charm for days. His body is perfection and his voice will make you melt. He was raised in church and is devoted to his beliefs. He's vowed to save himself for "the one," and it drives girls mad with want. He's unattainable, and he knows it, which adds a cocky, confidant air to him that makes women weak in the knees. All that makes for some crazy groupies, always trying to be the one to make him break his convictions. Not that I can fault them really. I have to admit it took a while before I realized Edward Cullen was so much more than his looks and onstage persona. After our initial misconceptions, we became the closest of friends. Then things progressed, and now I know how amazing he is, inside and out, and tonight I intend to make him mine in every way. His celibacy vow will be long over by the time dawn breaks. I've spent most nights before getting ready, standing in the wings, mesmerized by his stage presence. His fingers working the strings of his guitar alone are enough to make women swoon. Add his low, gravelly voice and every woman in the audience is ready to get baptized on the spot. With Emmett pounding the drums and Jasper playing bass, these boys are a force to be reckoned with. They hold their own with all rock bands, not just the Christian genre. I turn to see Rose and Alice approaching. "Hey Bella, what's up?" Rose asks while following my sightline to the stage. She knows what I'm doing; I've been doing it for months—watching as much of Edward's performance as I can before I have to get ready for my own show. "Just the usual, Rose," I answer while keeping my eyes glued to his form. "Gosh, Bella," Alice interjects. "Just fuck him already." "Oh I plan on it," I say while making eye contact with my girls. "I'm going to make that boy mine when we get back to the hotel tonight." "It's about time," Rose mutters. "Oh, don't even get me started. At least I'm finally going to make my move. It's more than all these cat and mouse games you've been playing with Emmett and Jasper. Those boys are head over heels and you two won't commit." "What do you expect us to do, Bella?" Alice spits. "Marry them just to get them into bed? You know that's the vow they made, and do you really think Edward is going to crumble that easily? I know you two have been thick as thieves lately, but I'm not sure it's going to be enough for him to give up his faith and take a roll in the hay." "Oh, don't you worry about me and Edward. I have this under control." I give her a saucy little wink. "Pffft, sure you do. Don't come crying to us later when you can't get him to finally give it up for you." "Okay, ladies; let's go get sexy one more time," Rose breaks in to diffuse some of the tension. Alice and Rose are my girls. We've been best friends since Alice and I stood up for Rose when Lauren Mallory tripped her on the playground. The rest, as they say, is history. We may fight, bicker and get frustrated with each other, but at the end of the day we are truly sisters even if we don't share blood. They were the one point I wouldn't back down on when the label insisted I do things their way. I went along with all of their ideas on how to perform my songs, how I should look and how I should act—on and off the stage—but I had to have my girls with me. Insert Alice and Rose, back-up singers extraordinaire. I can only hope they'll forgive me tomorrow when they find out I've kept them in the dark. "You girls go. I'll be there in a second," I tell them as I turn to watch Edward for a little bit longer. When Edward and I first met, we definitely didn't have much love for each other. We had these preconceived notions of each other we had to overcome. Over time, though, Edward has seen a side of me that no one else has ... not even Alice or Rose. He knows this life isn't what I want, not like this. He was able to look into my soul and see the truth, the hidden wants I've kept buried deep. Over time he's become the person who knows me best, and I hope he'd be able to say the same about me. We have this connection that's almost unfathomable. Watching him on stage is phenomenal; it lifts my spirit in ways that I've never felt before. It's mesmerizing when he caresses his guitar with his long, lean fingers and leans into the microphone. Then he opens his mouth and the purest words and the richest, sexiest voice comes pouring out. The way he owns everyone in the audience, with his words and charisma, is a gift. As I watch him get ready to start the last song I have time for, I catch him glance over to where I'm standing. I only catch his eyes for a second before he turns back to his audience and starts singing. It's a song about love and faith and knowing when you've met the one; he only added it a month or so ago, and it has quickly become my absolute favorite. I see you standing here But you're so far away Starving for your attention You don't even know my name You're going through so much But I know that I could be the one to hold you Every single day I find it hard to say I could be yours alone His long lashes rest against his cheeks as he slowly closes his eyes. The feeling he emits as he sings the words is palpable. Every woman in the audience wants him to be theirs alone, theirs to hold. He licks his lips, opens his eyes and continues with his gravelly words ... You will see someday That all along the way I was yours to hold I was yours to hold I see you walking by Your hair always hiding your face I wonder why you've been hurting I wish I had some way to say You're going through so much Don't you know that I could be the one to hold you? I almost feel like he's singing directly to me, but he has that ability. He can make every person in the room feel as if it were just he and them, even with an audience this large. The song finishes and I know I have to get ready. As I turn to leave, I notice a tall blond man watching me with a peculiar look on his face. "Issa Swan, I presume?" he says with a tone that seems to hold some judgment. "Yes, I'm Issa Swan. Can I help you?" "No, not really, just interested in seeing your show tonight. From the things I've heard, I'm hoping it isn't too sensitive for this old Baptist preacher's eyes." "Um ..." I'm not sure how to answer his question. My show is definitely not something a preacher would like. "Maybe you should just finish off Pure Religion's show and head out early. I'm really not sure my show is something you'd enjoy." I don't want to offend him, but I really don't want to think of him out there in the audience watching when I perform either. "I'll consider it, but I must admit I've been very curious." I have to get ready so I leave him with a smile and rush back to my dressing room. Curious? Why would a preacher be curious about my act? Why is a Baptist preacher even at this type show? I mean, yeah, we have all types since the music is a mix of Christian rock and Pop, but our age range is mostly late teens through early twenties. Maybe he brought his teenage daughter? "Well it's about time," Alice says while throwing my first outfit at me as I enter my dressing room. "You need to hurry. The boys will be done after this song and we only have a few minutes in between." "I'm hurrying, I'm hurrying." I dress in a blue and gold bodysuit that looks like a one piece swimsuit, with a long, flowing sheer train trailing behind me. The wind from the stage fans will billow it out and make my hair blow wildly around my face, mussing me up for the sex hair effect. Heavy makeup with bedroom eyes and gold, strappy high heels complete the look. I hear the boys onstage saying their final goodbyes and thanking the crowd for showing up, so I know I'll see him in a few minutes. There's just a short break between our performances, and I want him to ponder my words while I'm on stage. I want him to want me as much as I want him. The girls leave to gather with the backup dancers since they all enter the stage before me, while I step in the hall and wait for him to come to me. I can hear Emmett and Jasper before I see them, exuberant from the show they've just put on. As they approach, I notice Edward's eyes scan me from head to toe. Gotcha. "Hey, boys, is it electric