Pairing: Edward and Bella Genre: Romance Summary: Bella is the shy girl who always had a crush on Edward, two years her senior at high school. When he returns for a homecoming tour now the lead singer in a band, will she finally be able to catch his eye? Word Count: 13,532 Disclaimer: The author does not own any of the publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Oh my god! Have you seen this?" My best friend Alice Brandon ran towards me carrying a neon green flyer that she had ripped unceremoniously from the wall. "The Cold Ones are doing a tour of their hometowns. That means Edward Cullen will be back!" "Um, yeah," I answered, trying to play it cool. Ever since my sophomore year, I'd had a crush on Edward Cullen. He was a senior at that time and being a few years older, of course had not paid any attention to me. "Oh come on Bella, you can do better than that. I know you still fancy him." Alice giggled. "I'm just looking forward to seeing Jasper Whitlock with all of that gorgeous blonde hair! And they're college guys, so much better than the boys around here." "I really don't think that will make any difference for me Alice, I mean it's not like I've had much luck with the boys at our school. I'm too shy and there's no way Edward will even notice me. It'll be just the same as it was before." I could remember all too well the year I had spent trying unsuccessfully to catch Edward's attention. Being too shy and nerdy to do anything too forward, I had loitered in the corridors outside his classes and tried to sit on a table near him at lunch. I had even gone as far as rolling up my skirt on the bus to school and putting on a little makeup. Not too much though, I didn't want my Dad noticing. As far as attempts to garner Edward's attention had gone, I was wholly unsuccessful. And after that year when every morning before school I thought ' This will be the day when he notices me,' he left for college. I was in bits. My Dad could not understand why I was suddenly miserable and didn't want to leave my room. I had put so much of that year into thinking about Edward, I just didn't know what to do with myself when he left. Eventually, I stopped thinking about him so much. In his case, out of sight really was out of mind. But I hadn't felt inclined to date any of the boys in our year at school, they all just felt too familiar. Not that any of them paid me the slightest bit of attention anyway. I was just Bella, Alice's quiet, shy friend who was always there, but not really interesting enough to look at in that way. "Hey, earth to Bella! You drifted off a bit there," Alice said to me with a grin. "And don't you worry, when I've finished, Edward will have no choice but to notice you." "Uh, finished what Alice?" I asked, nervous about the scheming look on her face. "Your makeover of course. We've got a week before the gig, so we need to go shopping and to the salon. Trust me, Edward will not recognise you." "I don't think he would recognise me anyway," I grumbled. "Just go along with it, for me. I need to go shopping for a new dress if I'm going to have any chance with Jasper." There was no point arguing and no stopping Alice when she had a bee in her bonnet. And even if I didn't want to admit it, I quite liked the idea of a makeover, shocking everyone I knew with a new look. And if I caught Edward's attention in the meantime, well that was unlikely, but would be a definite added bonus. I left Alice in the corridor and we went to our respective classes. As I sat at my desk at the front of biology, I daydreamed about Edward noticing me, recognising me and telling me that he never spoke to me when he was at school because he had been too shy as well. He would ask me out for dinner and dedicate the first song to me when he went on stage with his band. I sighed, knowing it was never going to happen. Alice and I made the short drive from Forks to Port Angeles to look in the one big department store for dresses suitable for going to see a rock band. I was vaguely familiar with The Cold Ones' music, but it was not my usual taste. The only reason I had listened to any at all was because of Edward's connection. He started the band in his first year of college with Jasper Whitlock and Emmett McCarty. As the lead singer and guitar player, Edward attracted the most attention from fans, especially as the band had grown in popularity and notoriety over the last two years. I didn't know much about the other band members. Jasper was the bass player and with his shoulder length honey gold hair, many girls, Alice included, would kill to spend some time with him. Emmett was the drummer and it was easy to see why, with his huge physique. Their music was very heavy, loud drumming and guitars mixed with Edward's deep, velvety voice. Alice and I had listened to their latest CD in the car on the drive over and the huskiness in his voice made the words he sang even more alluring. Under Alice's direction it did not take long to look around the store and find outfits that she was happy with. She had chosen a tight dark blue dress for herself, to wear with bare legs and platform pumps. I knew she would look amazing in it. She was one of those people who could pull off any outfit, no matter how revealing. I was still a little unsure about what she had chosen for me, but decided to go with her judgement as she really was much better at putting outfits together. I was going to be wearing tight black trousers and a black corset top which showed off my cleavage, teamed with knee high leather boots. I was worried that wearing all black would make me look drained, but Alice assured me it would be a dramatic look with my pale skin. She was allowing me to wear some colour, on my bag and nails, but that was it. It was definitely not my usual look and I was nervous about what people would think, especially my Dad. However Alice already had a solution for that. "You'll be getting ready at mine so that I can sort you out. Just tell him you're going to the gig from there and will spend the night back at mine afterwards." I nodded, pleased my Dad wouldn't have to see what I was wearing. "Now we have a trip to the salon booked for Thursday, we'll get our haircut, plus I have you booked in for some waxing as well." "What?" I squeaked. "I don't know anything about waxing!" "Chill out Bella, you'll be fine." Alice was typically blasé about the whole thing. "You want to feel sexy don't you?" she asked, nudging my side with her hip. Thursday rolled around too quickly and before I knew it I was sat in the chair at the hairdressers, staring at a girl I did not recognise in the mirror. Going for an edgier look than my previous long chocolate brown waves, Alice had suggested cutting my hair just longer than my shoulders and wearing it poker straight. With a long fringe sweeping across my face and some dark brown almost black low lights, I looked a million miles from the shy, innocent girl that had been sat in the chair only an hour before. "Honey, it's time for your next appointment," the stylist said, pulling me away from my thoughts. I was directed to a warm pink room with a bed in the middle, which I presumed was for the beauty treatments. To me it just looked like a frilly dentist's chair and I was becoming less and less keen on theidea the longer I waited. "Hi sweetie, I'm Tanya. You're here for a bikini wax today, is that right?" asked a tall lady with platinum blonde hair and terrifyingly long nails. "Yes," I answered, swallowing audibly. "Well you go ahead and strip to your panties and lie down, there's a towel on the bed to cover up with. I'll just heat up the wax over here." Blushing, I did as I was told, quickly pulling off my jeans and sneakers and positioning myself on the bed with the towel over my lap. Too quickly, Tanya turned to me holding a hot pot of wax, ready to smother it all over my private area. I must have looked nervous because she smiled kindly at me, offering some words of encouragement. "Don't worry, it doesn't hurt as much as everyone says. So how much do you want off then? I'd recommend not going too low down, for your first time." "Oh ok, whatever you think." Tanya nodded. "This will be a little warm," she said as she pulled my panties to the side and smoothed the hot wax over me. Next she applied a paper sheet, pressed it down and without any further warning, she ripped it off. "Oh my fucking god!" I yelled. "I thought you said it didn't hurt that much?" Tanya looked at me with surprise. "Sorry sweetie, do you want me to keep going?" I peeked down at my now lopsided pubic hair under my panties and groaned. There was no way I could leave with it looking like this, even if I didn't expect anyone to be seeing it. "Yes, keep going, I'll try and keep quiet." Giving me another sympathetic look, Tanya layered on more wax and carried on. I tried my best to stay quiet, emitting the odd squeal and swear word every now and again. "There we go sweetie, you're free to go," she finally said with a smile. I leapt up from the bed, pulling my jeans back on, eager to get out of that room as quickly as possible. As I walked out, Alice was waiting to pounce. "How was it?" she asked. "I could hear you from out here." I groaned in embarrassment. "It was fine, glad it's over." "Ooh, can I see? I've never had a bikini wax done before." "What the hell do you mean you've never had one done before?" I asked in horror. "And no, you can't see it!" "Sorry Bella, I just wanted to get you in the mood for Saturday night, into your new, sexy persona. Now you'll look good with your clothes on and off. I love your haircut by the way," she said in the way of an apology. I grunted back at her, still annoyed at what I'd just been put through. Back at home, I stood naked in front of the mirror, eying up my new haircuts. I had to admit that although I hadn't enjoyed it at the time, Tanya had done a great job. As for the hair on my head, it was definitely a change. It made me look instantly older and was much sexier than my girl next door waves. For the first time, I felt an inkling of excitement for tomorrow night, rather than just nervousness and apprehension. After another non-descript Friday at school, I was trying to pack everything I would need for the night out, without my Dad seeing any part of the outfit I was planning to wear. When everything was safely stowed away in my bag, I went down the stairs of our old house