PAIRING – Edward/Bella GENRE – A/H, Romance SUMMARY – Alice persuades a reluctant Bella to break out of her shell and have fun at a club on he birthday. A very special surprise is awaiting Bella there. WORD COUNT (Excluding header) – 4,028 RATING - M DISCLAIMER – The author does not own any of the publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The song lyrics used in this story are from "BETWEEN THE SHEETS" by The Isley Brothers. "Alice! Please..." I whined. "I don't feel like going out. Why won't you give up?" She sighed impatiently. "Why won't you give up, Bella? You know I'll drag you out if I have to. It's your birthday tomorrow. I know you don't like to celebrate it, but that does not mean you deprive your best friends of the chance to do the same." She pouted and looked at me pleadingly. "I can't believe this; you're trying to make me feel guilty about the way I choose to spend my birthday! Which, for your information, is tomorrow. So, I don't understand why you are hell-bent on taking me out tonight." I huffed. "We're doing this tonight so that Rose and I can be the first ones to wish you 'Happy Birthday' exactly at midnight. And about the 'why are we going out' part... I just want you to have fun. This is our final year of college, and I want us to enjoy it fully. C'mon, Bella, this might be the last time we celebrate your birthday together with nothing else on our minds but having a blast. Who knows what next year will be like? We'll have jobs and a hundred other responsibilities; it's part and parcel of being a grown-up. We just have this one year to..." "Fine! I'll go with you. Just stop being so melodramatic, please!" I interrupted with a smile, shaking my head at her antics. We'd been friends since childhood, but Alice was not the type of person you could ever get used to. Alice clapped once and let out an excited squeal. "Yay!" She handed me a bag. "Put this on. I'll just go and get your dress." I peeked into the bag and my eyebrows shot up as I found a lacy, black, strapless bra with tiny matching panties inside it. Knowing that there was no arguing with the pixie, I put on the undergarments and resigned myself to my fate. She whirled back into my room with a black dress draped on her arm. Quickly, she made me sit at the dresser as she worked on my make-up. As soon as that was done, she ordered me into the dress. I looked at myself in the mirror and was stunned. Less than half an hour back, I was sitting on my bed in my ratty sweats, hugging my pillow and begging Alice, however futilely, to let me wallow in my misery. Now, I stood in a sequined, one-shoulder black dress that hugged my curves and ended mid-thigh. With smoky eyes, glossy lips and my hair falling past my shoulders in gentle waves, I was ready to paint the town red. "Alice, you're...you're something else," I said, still somewhat in shock. Alice, on the other hand, wore a smug smile. "You know, Bella, after all these years, you still manage to be surprised at my talents. It's almost insulting." "Oh, shut up! Just go and get ready, you evil pixie. And where the hell is Rose?" "Right here." We both turned as Rosalie, one of our closest friends, appeared at the door in a slinky red dress that showed off her perfect figure. Alice ran off to her room to get dressed as Rose and I waited for her in the living room. "How long did it take this time?" she asked me. "For what?" "For Alice to break down your resistance?" She smirked. "Did you last ten minutes?" I flipped her the bird as she laughed loudly. Soon, Alice came out in a beautiful silver dress. It was backless and flattered her petite frame. We all put on matching heels- I didn't even try to argue with Alice at this point- and we were ready to go. "Let's rock the night, girls!" Alice whooped as we sat in her beloved Porsche. Rose and I laughed and echoed the sentiment. Then, we were off. We reached Breaking Dawn exactly at 11:45 pm. It was the most exclusive club in Seattle, owned by Alice's parents, Carlisle and Esme Cullen. Their family was one of the wealthiest in Washington State. The bouncer smiled and greeted Alice as we walked in. Loud music blared from the speakers as we entered. Alice and Rose headed straight for the bar and I followed. Just as we'd ordered our drinks, I heard the girls squeal and gasp on either side of me. I turned and saw both of my best friends now in the arms of their respective boyfriends. Jasper hugged and lifted up a still-squealing Alice while Emmett had Rosalie occupied in a deep kiss. When they finally let go of each other, the guys took turns hugging me. "So, Birthday Girl, you finally caved to come out here, huh?" Emmett smirked at me. I rolled my eyes at him. "Never had a chance against the pixie, did I?" They all laughed at my defeated tone. The bartender lined up our shots that we quickly downed while Em and Jazz ordered their beers. My eyes squeezed shut as I felt the burning sensation slide down my throat. We talked for a while before Alice suddenly held up her hand and looked at her watch. "One minute to midnight!" she exclaimed. We all smiled indulgently at her exuberance, and Jasper kissed her cheek. Alice actually counted down the last ten seconds until midnight, and then she shot out of her seat, hugging me hard and kissing my cheek as she wished me a happy birthday. The others followed suit, and even though I had been complaining before, I was grateful to have such wonderful friends in my life. Suddenly, the lights in the club went out and the music stopped. We all looked toward the stage, where there was a single spotlight in the center. I squinted, but all I could see was a tall man with an electric guitar standing in front of the microphone, just at the edge of the spotlight, so that his face remained in the dark. He stepped forward into the light then, and I gasped as my eyes fell on his face for the first time. Unruly copper hair, straight nose, shining emerald eyes, sharp jaw and perfectly kissable, pouty lips...he was mesmerizing. His long fingers struck a chord on the guitar as the lights came on. The crowd went wild as he came into view. Edward Masen, the lead singer of Twilight, the current worldwide rock sensation. He wore stonewashed jeans and a black t-shirt that stretched deliciously over his taut muscles. His lips stretched into his crooked smile that made girls all over the world swoon. I looked away from him for the first time to see that the other members of the band were on the stage, too: Jacob Black on the drums, Sam Uley on the keyboard and Emily Young on the bass. My gaze went back to him, unable to stay away any longer. They began to play the opening notes, and my heart pounded faster as Edward Masen started singing in his sinfully sexy voice. Hey girl, ain't no mystery at least As far as I can see I wanna keep you here layin' next to me Sharin' our love between the sheets Ooh baby baby, I feel your love surrounding me Ohh ohh ooh, baby baby, makin' love between the sheets Alice and Rose went on to the dance floor, followed by their boyfriends. I thought Alice asked me to come along too, but I couldn't be sure, lost as I was in his melodic voice. Ooh girl, let me hold you tight And you know I'll make you feel alright Oh baby girl, just cling to me and let your mind be free While makin' love between the sheets Ooh girl, I'll love you all night long And I know you felt it comin' on Ooh darlin', just taste my love, ooh you taste so sweet Sharin' our love between the sheets Ooh baby baby, I feel your love surrounding me Ohh ohh ooh, baby baby, makin' love between the sheets I saw as Edward's eyes slowly scanned the crowd on the dance floor. His gaze eventually travelled toward the bar where I was, and my breath hitched when his green eyes locked with mine. Hey girl, what's your fantasy? I'll take you there to that ecstasy Ooh girl, you blow my mind, I'll always be your freak Let's make sweet love between the sheets Ooh baby baby, I feel your love surrounding me Ohh ohh ooh, baby baby, makin' love between the sheets Enough of the singin' Let's make love In between the sheets His eyes never left mine. They blazed with an intensity I'd never felt before. His fingers worked skillfully on the strings and I shivered as I imagined how they'd feel inside me. Ohh ohh, I like the way you receive me Girl, I love the way you relieve me I'm comin' on, comin' on strong Sweet darlin', in between the sheets You got me moanin' Girl, you got me groanin' I'm comin' on, comin' on strong Sweet darlin', in between the sheets Let's get all the way down Turn it over I'm comin', comin', comin' on strong Sweet darlin', in between the sheets As the song came to an end, the band played out the final notes, and the crowd cheered in a deafeningroar. Finally, Edward winked at me once and broke our staring contest before he addressed the crowd, thanking them for their support. I felt someone touch my arm and turned to see Alice standing there with a twinkle in her eyes. "Having fun, Bella? You look a little flushed." "How..." I shook my head to clear my thoughts. "How the fuck did you manage this?" She shrugged lightly. "I have my ways. Anyway, I am going to return to my Jazzy. I just wanted to see the look on your face after seeing your favorite rock star live in action on your birthday." She trilled out a laugh at my dazed expression. "And it was definitely worth it." She started walking away but turned back around. "Oh, and Bella? I saw the way you were looking at each other. He'll be in the last dressing room. Remember what I said...make the most of this time. Don't overthink, just go for it." She winked and left. I shook my head once more at the meddling pixie and her mysterious "ways." She was right, though; I was determined to make the most of this opportunity. With a deep breath and a determined set of shoulders, I walked toward the dressing rooms at the back. Anticipation flooded through me as I knocked on the last door. I heard a muffled "come in" and pushed it open. There he was. The man who could make me come with just his words. He had removed his shirt and stood before me with his chest covered in a light sheen of sweat. My eyes wandered from his washboard abs to the V that led to his... A low chuckle interrupted my ogling, and I looked up to see him smirking at me. I could feel the heat on my cheeks as my traitorous blush appeared. He didn't say anything, but he came closer. Automatically, I stepped back. His smirk grew, and he kept coming closer until I was pressed up against the wall. His eyes never left mine as he reached out and locked the door, before propping his arms on the