Hey, gang! You just never see the last of me, do you? Heh heh heh. After Darkness Falls ended, I got a few people asking if I would consider writing a little more, such as events I didn't show throughout the series or things people wanted to see after the ending. So I decided, what they heck? Why not? So, as the summary says, this is going to be a one-shot series that exists within the canon of my Darkness Falls duology, which includes Blood and Sand and The War of Shadows. That being said, you MUST have read BOTH of those books if any of this is to make sense. These one-shots will be disjointed, some short and some long, and really be more enjoyable to fans of the series. Side-note, I didn't actually edit this at all. Whipped it up today because it's one of the things I've been most wanting to write. Enjoy! -Death Valley, 30 July 2011- -Nyx's Midnight Palace- "You okay?" Reyna asked reflexively as she divided her attention into two equal parts among the tribe of undead warriors throwing themselves at the Queen of Night across the hall and the person she was currently dragging to his feet. "Yeah," Leo Valdez replied in a rough voice. "This is new, though." He poked at his shirt, which was peppered with burned holes, and winced noticeably. Beside them, Nico di Angelo frowned in alarm. "I thought you were immune to fire." Leo shrugged. "Apparently not all fire." "Look, we can't waste time here," Reyna snapped. It wasn't as though she was unconcerned—on the contrary, to her slight annoyance she couldn't keep from remembering her earlier chat with Leo about his anxiety over Nyx's strange black fire, and the look on his face when she'd first summoned it moments ago had almost been enough to make Reyna change her mind about the mission. She knew well how difficult it was to be confronted with your worst fear—she'd been forced to face hers when New Rome had begun to sink into the sand six weeks ago on this very spot. And coming back brought it on again, like a cold dagger being thrust into a wound in her stomach that had barely started to heal. But she refused to dwell on it because, like Leo had said, feeling guilty and acting out of a desire for revenge would probably only lead to disaster. They all needed to stay focused, or they'd never accomplish what they'd come to do. Not that thinking about that idiot at all did any favors for Reyna's 'focus', his advice notwithstanding. The slight tingle in her fingers from where she'd grabbed his arm seconds ago was evidence enough of that. Just another distraction she really didn't need at the moment. Reyna shook her head. Back to the matter at hand. "We need to find Hypnos—" "He's close," Nico told them. "Below us, I think. All we need is… There." His eyes darkened as he nodded to a single black door against the right wall of the hall, presumably leading down. "Good," Reyna said with a curt inclination of her head. Time for action. "You guys go free Hypnos. I'll keep Nyx busy." Predictably, both boys rounded on her at once. "You're kidding, right?" Leo said flatly. "There's no way we're leaving you alone to fight a goddess." Reyna rolled her eyes, not in the mood for an argument. "Somebody has to." Leo narrowed his eyes in suspicion. "Is this about New Rome? Because I told you, you can't—" "No, it's not about that," Reyna promised in a tone of mild exasperation. And she wasn't lying. She'd always had a knack for tactical strategy, no doubt thanks to her godly parentage, and she knew that such a course of action would buy them the maximum amount of time possible. "This is the only way, and you know it. I know you'd do the same thing." Leo gave her an odd look and she knew that, like her, he was remembering their talk about sacrifice in Orion's lodge before the war began. She used to think it was pointless to place yourself in danger for someone else's sake. Ironic, she thought with a mirthless inward smile. "Well, whatever we decide," Nico broke in, "it's gotta be fast." "Alright, fine," Leo conceded with a scowl, looking frustrated. "We'll find Hypnos and come back for you. Just be smart, okay?" Smart? "Who do you think you're talking to?" The tension in the air was almost starting to recede, until Nico said warningly, "We should go," and Leo's dark eyes seemed to flash anxiously as he met Reyna's gaze. Feeling a swooping sort of jolt in her chest, Reyna started reflexively to lift a hand to reach toward him reassuringly (though whether to reassure him or herself, she couldn't be sure), before she caught herself and quickly curled her fingers into a fist. The catch wasn't quite quick enough, though—a pained sort of understanding sparked across Leo's face. He knew exactly what she'd almost just done. There was a split second during which Reyna tried to think of an apt explanation, but any possible words were ripped from her vocal cord when Leo suddenly pulled her into him with a surprising amount of force and caught her mouth with his own, effectively clearing almost every thought from her mind. She could have pulled away from him—probably should have, considering their urgent circumstances. But with all of that momentarily wiped from her consciousness, she realized she didn't want to. She liked the feeling that ballooned in her chest and stomach as the heat from his hands and lips warmed her body without burning it. It was completely mad, but she didn't want it to stop. She wanted it to go on forever. But way too soon it ended as Leo pulled slowly away, leaving Reyna to stare in stunned silence at something even she couldn't really see. She was breathing much too fast—they both were—for only a few seconds of oxygen deficiency. "Uh… guys?" Nico said awkwardly, breaking some of the electric tension in the air. "I wasn't kidding. We should, uh… really go." Reyna's mind had begun racing so swiftly that she almost didn't hear when Leo said in a gravelly voice, "Don't die." She blinked and regained her focus, just now realizing that his arm was no longer around her waist. "You either," she replied. It seemed a bit of stupid response, but at the moment it conveyed her thoughts almost perfectly. She watched in silence for a few heartbeats as Nico sighed impatiently and proceeded to drag Leo toward the far door, before taking a deep breath and forcibly averting her gaze from the two of them in an effort to regain her calm. As she picked up her sword, Reyna thought vaguely of the night at the Cloud Nine Hotel, when she'd first kissed Leo in a rushed decision after giving into the strong and unexpected connection to him that their conversation had made her feel. She'd pushed it away after losing New Rome, afraid that her distraction had been partly to blame for the tragedy and not wanting to invite another like it. But as they'd traveled together on this quest, it had started to return—that nonsensical connection she felt between her and the goofball Greek fire-hazard who had accidentally destroyed half of her city the previous summer. And now, in the face of what could very well be her last battle in the world of the living, she was finally forced to recognize it for what it was—attraction. Not scientific or magnetic, but a deep, emotional pull she'd never felt toward another person before. As unlikely as it may once have been, Reyna had serious feelings for Leo. That in mind, the thought of this being the last time they spoke gave her a painful twinge of sadness akin to that which she felt when remembering New Rome. I won't let that happen , she vowed to herself, a steely resolve dripping through her like molten gold as she turned to face the Queen of Night. I will make it out of this. This isn't the end for me. She wasn't foolhardy or boastful enough to promise herself that she would defeat Nyx, but at the very least she would make it out of this fight alive. She only needed to buy Leo and Nico enough time to find Hypnos and set him free. Then their quest would be complete. But that would undoubtedly be easier said than done. Barely a second later Nyx had finished off the last of Nico's Native American zombies and turned her catlike white-gold eyes on the only other sentient being in the room—Reyna. "Your friends have turned tail, have they?" the goddess taunted haughtily. She swung her narrow blade in a wide, lazy circle, stepping slowly forward as though providing evidence that Reyna didn't worry her in the slightest. "Or perhaps they've gone to search for my son? I suspect that's why you're here, correct? No matter. They will not find him—and even suppose they did, he cannot be freed without my help. I'll let them play their game while I dispose of you, and then I'll bury them beneath this sand just as I did your precious city." A day ago, that remark would have driven Reyna into a frenzy. She would've given a battle cry a coliseum lion could be proud of and charged Nyx right then and there. And she probably would've gotten herself killed very unimpressively as a result. But now, things were different. Of course she still despised the Queen of Night for what she'd done on the night of the eclipse. But she had a new motivation that she forced herself to dwell on more than revenge—helping the people she had left. And in order to draw this fight out for as long as she could, she would wait for Nyx to strike first. Which, of course, the goddess had no qualms about. With a cruel smile, Nyx waved an arm and sent a rolling wave of darkness at Reyna, who readied herself and dodged swiftly to the side just in time. She swung her sword in anticipation of an immediate follow-up attack and wasn't disappointed as Nyx met her blade, Imperial gold and Immortal obsidian colliding with a clang and a shower of cream-and-violet sparks. The goddess drove forward and Reyna leapt back, knowing she would be outmatched in a battle of strength, instead darting sideways and aiming a quick jab at Nyx's side. The goddess dodged with impressive reflexes and thrust forward with her own blade, imitating the move. The black blade slid across Reyna's side below her ribs and she gasped through her teeth as she jerked away, missing the body armor she'd worn on an almost-daily basis before the start of the war and subsequent equipment redistribution. The cut was shallow, but still it stung insistently. Nyx followed immediately with a spinning attack, her long, midnight-blue hair cascading around her as she twirled weightlessly and aimed a heavy swing at Reyna's midsection. Reyna angled her sword to deflect the blow, which earned her another tiny cut on her left bicep that was unfortunate but favorable to being disemboweled. She sidestepped and attempted an undercut slice of her blade but again Nyx spun around and swept out an arm, this time hurling a tongue of black fire through the air. Reyna stumbled sideways but they were too close, and her vision swam black and blue as the right side of her face seemed to explode with heat. A guttural scream escaped her throat as she staggered backward, eyes squeezed shut as she threw an arm across her face in some desperate and too-late effort to block the fire. She heard Nyx laugh, and when she forced her eyes open pained tears slid from her lashes. No part of her