Something a little different. Not quite as heavy, as RL has been heavy enough, lately. For a prompt given by Cordelia McGonagall, because sometimes one needs prompting. Thank you, Cords, for all the things. Their Apparition into Casualty lacks a certain elegance, Harry thinks, what with Wood's fourteen stone losing both legs at once, then slumping, then dragging Harry down with a hand about the neck. Wood's word, "elegant." Trotted out for everything, from favourite evasive rolls, to the sleek lines of the new Wischen ZS, to the decorative tooling of this season's official league Snitches. Wood yanks a bit harder, tries to right himself, and Harry catches the mediwitch's eye as he takes a knee, winces as Wood moans out another bar of "The Scotsman's Kilt" too near his ear, the tune in half-time, low and sorrowful as a dirge. "Went head to head with a mate," Harry says to the mediwitch's side-eye, and then hopes she realizes he means this literally. Because, now that he's here and peering about and not seeing the true reason he'd volunteered to escort Wood's sorry arse, he'd rather not spend his morning recounting exactly how the whole ridiculous incident played out. He'd missed most of the build-up, anyway, being faced in the opposite direction and focused on mending the ripped palm of one of his new gloves. But the bits he'd heard, the loud bits twanging off the lockers, had all to do with Katie Bell, and Oliver being "too kaned to tend his bird," and Gaz "swooping in like a fooking, rotten buzzard." There'd been a swollen silence, and then the sound of too many things colliding, and when Harry turned to look, Gaz was sliding against the lockers, both hands tented over his nose and blood sheeting down his lips, while Oliver shuffled backward, fists still clenched, the skin of his forehead split wide like a red, toothless mouth. All this before half past five in the a.m., and when the team Healer, after taking one look at Oliver's erratic pupils, and smelling the distillery stink still punching off him - when the team Healer said the words, "St. Mungo's", something like the sound of a tiny, brass bell had pinged, bright and clear, in Harry's head, and he'd strategically elbowed one of the reserve beaters, a big tosser named Bourke, right out of the way, arranged Wood's arm over his own shoulders, and Disapparated out of there faster than Wood could sing ring ding diddle. The mediwitch summons a gurney, and Harry helps her help Wood to his feet while she says soft, encouraging things about personal dignity, and how it is always better to have a bit of help to sit on the gurney as opposed to quite a lot of help to roll onto it from the floor. Wood nods the short, jerky nod of a scolded child then reclines back, adrenaline-spent and drowsy, and Harry thinks about the word "dignity" as the mediwitch spells both of Wood's dangling left limbs to stay aboard so he doesn't snag on anything as they transport him to a room. The mediwitch turns her back and her full attention to moving Wood away, and Harry, stripped of his role as "altruistic teammate" must revert to "scruffy bastard with no real business hanging about the hospital," and be off, and the thought of leaving here without having seen her makes him ache, suddenly, and in strange places. Red poison darts in both shoulders, his chest, the base of his spine. And, of course, it was barmy to expect she'd be right here, exactly when and where they arrived. It was absolutely, barking mad. But then, exceeding impossible expectations has sort of always been a forte of hers. A gift she gave, which - Harry now sees - he's come to depend upon, but has never properly appreciated. "Sorry," Harry says, attempting to catch the mediwitch's eye one last time, "I know you're terribly busy, but...do you know when the latest cohort will be in today?" "Cohort." Hermione's word. The one that sort of hurts when she says it, being it no longer refers to a thing of which he is a part. And it must sound like it hurts when he says it, too, because when the mediwitch turns, she appraises him top to toe with the same clinical precision she'd afford a damaged specimen laid out upon a slab. "Right," she says, all business. "Sometimes the early ones come in between quarter after and half past six. You might try waiting by the commissary." Harry thanks her, then thanks her again. And just when he's turning, just as he's exhaling and the odd but pleasant tumult in his chest is threading out, the cool blue antidote to the red ache from before, just as his feet start off in the other direction, Oliver's slurred "go get'er, tiger!" rings loud as jackpot cherries, bouncing off every surface of the gleaming, tiled corridor. … Forget wards and wand work - the true healing miracles seem to be happening right here at the hospital commissary. Harry stands well out of the way, watching as the dead-eyed, pale, and empty-handed auto-pilot themselves over the worn path through the double swinging doors, only to emerge minutes later, alert and cheeks hale behind paper cups of steaming liquid pressed to contented, rosy lips. Harry drains his own cup, thinks maybe it is something in the water, because today he knows her hands before he sees her face, knows the particular structure of her tendons and bones, recognizes her precise shade of chilled, pink skin. She's cradling the book on both arms, head down, utterly absorbed. Harry's just tossed his empty and is starting in her direction when Terry Boot materializes from the crowd behind her, says, "Oi, there's a familiar face," then nudges her gently with an elbow, giving Harry that blokey, upward brow/chin lift combo, that universal "got your back, mate" signal, and Harry wonders for the second time today if he really is just that transparent. Their gazes shift from Terry to each other at the same moment, and the way Hermione's eyes light one second then cloud the next reminds Harry where they are, sets his mouth and body bolting. "Hey. Hey, it's alright. It's fine. Everyone's fine. I was just…" It's been weeks and weeks since he's seen her, touched her. His arms jerk forward then retreat, graceless, unpracticed on where to reach or how to navigate around the bloody enormous book she's clutched to her chest. Pockets. Pockets would be best. The practice uniform doesn't have pockets. Too late. His hands skim his hips, hang at his sides like fish on a string, clammy and twitching. "I was just here." "Just here? Right. Whose is that, then?" She nods to the dark smear down the right side of his jersey and takes a step closer, searches his hairline for traces of blood. "Wood's. All Wood's." Harry says, pulling his wand from his sleeve, then siphoning the stain from his jersey. "I'm sure he's fine now, though. The mediwitch from Casualty had him well in hand." Hermione grins, her eyes finally settling on his face. "Did she? Good. Was there a smash-up on the pitch?" "Smash up in the locker room. Wood thought to use his own head as a bludger." "And why would he do that?" Harry shrugs. "Bloke stuff." She turns her face, gives him the best vantage of her raised brow. "This wouldn't have been about a woman, would it?" "Might have been," Harry says. She tuts. "Ridiculous." She's still smiling in a way, and her eyes are still on his, and he can't pin it down, this unwavering gaze. He built an immunity to her usual Scrutiny years ago, but this, this is another strain of Looking, entirely. A new, virulent species - prone to colonize and weaken soft tissues, and Harry can feel it multiply exponentially as the moment stretches, batter at his abdominal wall, wage attack in his groin, in the long muscles of his thighs, his knees. It's too much, and it's not enough, and the urge to do something rash tingles like an unspoken spell, pure intent, just beneath the skin of his fingertips. Time and place, though, he thinks, time and place. He swallows, peers down, touches her book with one knuckle. "What's this, then?" "This." She looks down to the thing filling her arms. " This is gross anatomy. My every waking breath. The entirety of the human body, labeled and defined." She swipes a hand over the cover, an animate illustration of the circulatory workings of a bisected, skinless torso, then takes a deep breath, sighs it out. "You don't sound so keen," Harry says. Weary. She actually sounds weary, and Harry thinks this must be a first, or, at the very least, a second, Hermione worn out on a subject of study. "Oh, it's not that." She looks up from the book. "It's fascinating, but…" She shakes her head. "It's requisite, a foundation, and I suppose I'm just anxious to get to the practical applications. The exam is Monday, and whoever performs satisfactorily will get to move on to the next tier of study, so, hopefully..." "Hopefully?" He interrupts, throws his head back, incredulous. "Hermione…" " Hopefully ," she continues, "next Tuesday I shall be able to say farewell to my cadaver, and finally get to work with the living." "Oh. I can see why you might be anxious for that." How she does it, handles dead flesh and then sleeps without nightmares, Harry can't conceive. "So, the exam is Monday?" "Yes." "And you'll be revising all weekend?" She cuts her eyes at him like he's mad, then smiles. "Of course." "Maybe I could help." Pockets. He really, really wishes he had those pockets. She shuffles a step back, looks down on her book. And he can see it coming, this thing she's taken to doing since the war, since she went one way and he another - claiming dullness, begging off from company. "It's terribly kind of you to offer, Harry, but it's hardly exciting stuff. I'd never recommend it as a way to spend a Friday evening, if you don't have to." "Right," he says. "Unlike all those scintillating hours you spent bent over my Charms essays. And my Astronomy charts. And the yards and yards of parchment for Potions...my Transfiguration homework..." Her teeth press into her bottom lip, and he lets up, knows he's won. "Shouldn't I get a say how I collect on this debt you're repaying?" "As long as you say me, you, and revising 'the entirety of the human body' tonight - sure." It flops out of his mouth, just like that, far greasier than he'd intended. He blinks a few fast blinks then opts to play it off, smiles as the skin melts from his face. Hermione snorts, lips quirking up at the corners. "Alright, then, if you insist. Seven, at my flat. You bring the take-away, though. And no meat, please. I'm off meat at the moment." Then she's on her tip-toes, book corner jabbing into his chest, the touch of her lips so near his ear as to leave him shivering, every follicle puckered, every fine hair erect. ….. If asked to put a point on it, a black dot with "START" blocked across in big, white letters, Harry would map it back to last December, back to Platform 9 ¾ , and the sight of Hermione's bare fingers disappearing into Ron's giant, gloved paw. "Paw." Harry's own word, then, and none too kind. An epiphanic whip-crack of a word that had sent him straight back to Puddlemere's deserted pitch for a long fly and a good, hard think. Which hadn't helped at all, in hindsight. Empty hands and prickling sense memories weren't things to be thought through or flown away from. And now, nigh on a year later, he sits