A/N: First time author giving writing in my secondary language a try. So I welcome critique, suggestions, requests, etc. :-) I have changed to the traditional conversation structure in later chapters. This is a Bella/Alice story, but it contains both het and fem parrings between other characters. Rated mature for later chapters and language. No major angst and I will leave the more dark scenes to your imagination rather than make it too explicit (there are some good ones in my favorite list if you are looking for something like that). Bella and John are 18 and seniors in high-school. Disclaimer (just in case): The central story line and all publicly recognizable characters are the property of Stephenie Meyer. This author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. I hope you enjoy the read. Prologue "What good is school anyway?" John asked, as he rested in the shade under the old oak. He was watching his friends and classmates enter the main building from the school yard. Bella sat up and sighed, "We got to get back to class John. We have him all semester, so you will have to face him sooner or later. You know it won't get any easier facing Mr. Jameson". Bella got up and extended a hand to help him up her twin. John looked at her with a scowl but relented and grabbed the hand. "You know he is not going to let it go sis…". Bella frowned and started walking. It hadn't been one of John's brightest moments to blurt out Mr. Jameson's indiscretions in the middle of class. Sometimes his temper got the better of him. "Probably not, but at least no one has told Mrs. Jameson, so I doubt he wants to drag you into another hot-headed argument", Bella offered. John looked away and tensed up a bit but relaxed again. "That was a bit of a back-handed reassurance, but I guess you are right. I will try to do better keeping my temper under control". John and Bella entered the main building and walked through the corridors to the classroom, John sent me one last look and entered our classroom. Bella was right. Mr. Jameson frowned when he locked eyes with John. But he kept quiet and looked back down into his book. John and Bella started to pack out books, pencils and paper for class. Bella had sat down in the seat behind John to keep an eye on him. He was a bit of a troublemaker, and in many ways a complete opposite of Bella. John probably didn't mean to bring up Mr. Jameson's affair. But sometimes his 'mental flashes' just appeared out of nowhere. So a few days ago, John suddenly flashed in the middle of one of the biology lectures. Mr. Jameson mistook it for yet another case of John not paying attention in class and confronted him. Needless to say John went in defensive and ended up bursting out "yeah well maybe you shouldn't sleep around". The entire class went quiet and Mr. Jameson went from completely pale to hot red and yelled at John to leave the classroom. Not much more had come of it, not even detention. This was probably due to Mr. Jameson trying to keep it, from getting to his wife. John looked up from his notes and noticed that Mr. Jameson had started to write on the blackboard. He decided to look back at Bella who gave him a reassuring half-smile before returning to her notes. The remainder of the class went by with only a few heated glares between John and the teacher. After the final class of the day John and Bella headed home in relative quiet. "What do you think of Phil?" John asked, not making eye contact. Bella looked at him trying to determine what he was getting at. "I think Mom loves him. But I don't think she is too happy with the arrangement they have made". John glanced over but looked back down again and frowned. "I don't like him much, but they do look happy", he conceded. "I think he is mostly just waiting for us to leave when he visits", he continued. Bella wanted to disagree but she felt the same way for the most part. "Maybe we should move to Forks with Charlie?" They said in unison. Chapter one The first thing that met the twins was the freezing cold. They had flown in from Arizona and had just left the airplane walking on the tarmac at Forks airport. John looked at Bella, "How did you convince me to move to Forks?" he asked, closing his jacket further in a theatric display to underline his point. Bella smirked and shook her head, "That was a mutual decision as I recall it". John huffed and was about to protest when she interrupted him. "Don't even try. Aren't you looking forward to seeing Charlie again?". John smiled at that and dropped it. "You know - I heard that Mrs. Jameson kicked Mr. Jameson to the curb when she finally found out?" he said, smiling at the thought. Bella sighed and shook her head, "I heard. I feel sorry for his wife, she seemed nice and didn't deserve it". John scuffed and had the decency to look contrite as his smile faded and nodded. They walked through the terminal building and exited the airport. Bella looked at John and asked, "Have you had any flashes since the incident?" John thought for a minute, "Well I do get a glimpse of people's mood and feelings from time to time, but no full-out flashes". Bella looked at him and continued, "Have you ever read me?" she asked. John thought back for a moment. He had had plenty of flashes of emotions from both Phil and Renée. Some of which he had wished he could have, but he had never had one from Bella. "No never. Maybe it is because we are twins?" Bella was about to say something, but was cut off by Charlie's friendly voice, "Hey kids it is so good to see you both". Both John and Bella turned and smiled at their father. "Hey dad good to see you too" Bella started and John nodded, and asked "Can we hurry to your car? It is really cold up here". Charlie nodded and smiled back. "How was the flight?" he asked. Bella was about to answer, when she noticed that John had lost the attention on the conversation. He was looking very wary at a nondescript older guy. Bella studied the older gentleman, who seemed to be relaxing at a bench, just outside the terminal building. He had a long trench coat on and was sipping on a cup of coffee, while reading a local newspaper. Charlie noticed as well and mentioned, "That is Mr. Jackson. He is one of the history and sociology teachers at your new high-school". John tensed up further, "What is he doing here?" he asked. Charlie being somewhat oblivious to John's discomfort chuckled and said, "I'm sure he is waiting for someone, perhaps his children too?" John didn't look like he thought that was the reason, but said nothing. "Let's talk later" Bella whispered to him and got a nod. Bella glanced back and nearly stumbled as Mr. Jackson looked straight at her. He looked concerned, but looked at Charlie and waved. Charlie waved back and turned to Bella and John, "let's head home". During the drive home the trio managed to have a pleasant conversation. The twins mood dropped a bit though when Charlie mentioned that he had managed to get them into the local high-school and that they would be starting in school two days later. Charlie's house was an older two story house with white wooden panels. The place looked rather unkempt compared to what Bella remembered, but it was nice enough to still feel like home. Charlie led Bella and John up to their rooms upstairs to make sure everything was as they wanted it. The rooms was kept as the twins had left them. With the addition of a few cobwebs and slightly stale air. "I kept the rooms as you left them. Let me know if you need anything. I bought some school supplies, but I wasn't quite sure what you need, so I just got the basics." He looked slightly embarrassed. "It is fine Dad, thanks. I am sure we will figure it out" John said. "Yes Dad thank you. What have you planned for dinner tonight?" Bella asked. Charlie scratched his neck, "Well there are some toast and some tins with beans and…" he paused looking at the twins scrunched up faces. He sighed and offered "We could go get something from the local store." Bella smiled at him, "It is fine dad, John and I can walk there – It will give us some time to look around town as well". John Nodded in consent, they needed to talk about the events at the airport. As they left the house Bella started, "That guy, Mr. Jackson… you saw something didn't you? Did you get a flash?" John considered how to explain it, then offered, "There is definitely something about him that isn't right. I didn't get a flash as such though. It was more a lack of any readings at all, much like when I try to read you. I have this buzzing feeling around everyone else. But around you, and now him, there is nothing. Another thing that surprised me was Dad's comment. How old would you say he looked?" Bella thought for a second then offered "Well... Older than Charlie. Maybe late forties or early fifties. Why do you ask?" John looked pensive, "I had my suspicion but this confirms it. Something definitely doesn't add up". Bella looked disturbed and John tried to reassure her, "listen it might be nothing. It was pretty early and we have had a long flight. But he seemed a good deal younger to me." It didn't console her much and John wasn't in the best frame of mind himself. As they approached the grocery store they, John nodded towards it and said, "We're almost there, let us go get groceries I'm starving". Bella was deep in thought after John's revelation. Knowing that John had some kind of ability, told her that there probably was others out there. But this was so odd and completely unexpected. It did seem like John was serious though, he had a terrible poker face so Bella would have picked up on it. Charlie mentioned that he apparently worked at the school as a teacher. So there was a chance that the twins would end up having him in one or more of their classes. Bella walked through the frozen foods section and looked at the prepared dishes available. She considered settling for something easy, as she didn't have the energy to prepare any dishes. John and Charlie was unfortunately no help in the kitchen. Bella shook her head thinking of a few episodes in the past where John had tried preparing a meal. He ended up messing up the whole kitchen, even the ceiling was dirtied in some inexplicable way. And in the middle of it all stood John trying to act as if everything was in perfect order. Bella was interrupted in her train of thought, by a woman's voice. "Hello dear. I don't believe I have met you before, are you new in town?" Bella turned and looked at a charming and elegant woman, brown hair and in her late twenties-early thirties. Bella instantly got very awkward and fumbled with her words. "Yes, hi. Well no I have lived here when I was a kid, but that is some years ago now. Uhm. It is nice to meet you too." The woman smiled warmly and extended her hand "I am Esme and