My Time-traveling Daughter Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction using characters from the Harry Potter world, which is trademarked by J.K. Rowling. This story is for entertainment only and not part of the official storyline. Part 1: Hermione stared at the ticking clock situated above her desk. She had been working on the same project for several months now; all to retrieve a body, she wasn't even sure was there. Hermione stood gracefully, her wide legged trousers swaying as she walked out of her office and into the hall that led to the room she currently disliked most. The death chamber. Upon entering, Hermione walked down the stone steps leading to the curtain Sirius Black had fallen through eight years before. After that fateful day, Hermione, along with Harry Potter and Ron Weasley, had led the fight against Lord Voldemort. Learning of the horcruxes, they had went off, in what should have been their seventh year, fighting to destroy them. In the end, the trio had managed to destroy all of them and then destroy Voldemort at the Battle of Hogwarts. The years following the destruction had led Hermione to the Department of Mysteries. She stood in front of the Veil of Death thinking back to the time she completed her mastery in ancient runes. Though Hermione had been accepted into several mastery programs for ancient runes, it was a witch in Peru that had peaked her interest most. Azucena Díaz was in her late fifties with long straight hair and a petite frame. She was confident in her abilities, strict when needed and adored Hermione after training her for two years. Moving back to work at the ministry was a large adjustment for Hermione since being in Peru. Hermione glanced down at the large faced watch on her wrist. It was time to meet her boyfriend and his family for dinner. They usually had a family dinner on Sunday's, but Ronald was traveling this weekend. He and Harry worked in the department of magical law enforcement. Harry had quickly moved up within the division, however; Ron was content to be an auror assigned to small time crooks and raids on previous death eater houses. His mission seemed to combine both this coming week and he left on Sunday afternoon. "I am going to have fun. I am going to enjoy dinner. I will not hex anyone." Hermione repeated her mantra for dining at the Weasley home. The dinners had become something of a joke towards her career in the last few years. While in Peru, Hermione and Ron had called off dating. They didn't want to hold either back and long distance relationships are incredibly hard. Both had been sad because they had been dating for a year prior. During her time in Peru, Hermione had dated both casually and seriously. It was the first time she had experienced no prejudice about her blood status, no recognition about her famed deeds and men just seemed to like her. Hermione realized she rather liked them back. Returning back to Britain had ended her most recent relationship. Eventually, she agreed to try again with Ronald. He had also tried dating but remaining in Britain meant everyone knew him and largely went after his fame. "Talking to yourself again Granger? I've heard that's a sign of madness," Draco Malfoy smirked at his coworker. Hermione looked towards the blonde man. While they had hated each other in school, their working relationship had built until they realized that on some level they were friends. They had lunch together. Occasionally they even told each other personal stories or thoughts. "Tonight's a Weasley dinner night. I'm preparing myself for the wedding and kids speech." Hermione sighed before running a hand over her thick curls. "Well, you can always do what I recommend." Draco tossed a small squishy ball up in the air before catching it. "Malfoy, I'm not leaving Ron just because Mrs. Weasley wants us to marry now." Hermione rolled her eyes. Looking at her watch again she made her way to her office, "I'll see you this weekend Malfoy. Your mother wants me to take a look at a few books she has. I'll be over Sunday after Ron leaves." Hermione gave a quick wave and trotted off. Reaching her office, she gathered all of her runes work up and threw them into the correct folders to take home. Securing her office and setting her wards, Hermione then made her way up to the fireplaces to floo home. Sunday August 14, 2004 Lucius Malfoy enjoyed smoking a cigar in his office. He really enjoyed smoking said cigars when no one bothered him. He especially loved the cigars his son's friend brought home when she visited her mentor in South America. Even if she was a mu…muggleborn. He smirked. He was getting much better at correcting himself. Lucius leaned back into his chair, raising his feet onto his desk before crossing them at the ankles. Reaching for the matches, he flicked one against the paper before a flame burst through. He held it towards his cigar, puffing as he made sure it lit. Flicking the match out, he placed it in the nearby ash tray before taking a long draw on the thickly packed cigar. Pulling his wand from his sleeve, he summoned his decanter of aged firewhiskey he kept hidden and a glass tumbler. Draco wouldn't be home until late afternoon, and Narcissa had taken the morning to shop around before she met with the mu…muggleborn. He realized he corrected himself again. Lucius smirked. Draco's friendship with the girl was beneficial. Lucius leaned forward slightly and started to pour the firewhiskey when a crack jerked him upright. Slamming his feet down onto the floor, the decanter sailed out of his hand and smashed into the marble floor. Whipping his wand out, Lucius stood up only to realize someone else was in the room. A small someone else was in the room. Lucius looked down over his desk. A petite bushy haired child, wearing a large necklace sat on his marble floor blinking up at him. "Grandpa Lucy!" The small child shouted from its position on the floor. "Oh I'm so glad to see you, grandpa Lucy. Mummy is going to be so mad at me for playing in your office without you here. But papa said I could go find you. Only, You weren't in your office. But I founds your necklace," the child was speaking quickly and waving her hands around. Lucius looked towards the child before eyeing his decanter of specially aged firewhiskey. Reaching for the chair behind him blindly, Lucius plunked down. The move was most inelegant, but Lucius couldn't find it in himself to care. Finally realizing the child was still speaking he held up a hand. The child looked at him with a perplexed expression but stopped talking. "Child, did you just call me grandpa Lucy?" Lucius growled out. "Course I did silly. That's what Daddy said your name is. You always say "my little eagle, your daddy is full of" but I never get to hear the rest because mummy makes you stop talking." The little girl made a face resembling Lucius. Her eyebrow rose, a smirk formed on her tiny mouth and her face lost most of the expression she had previously had. Even the tone of voice was similar to Lucius' imperial tone he used with people whom annoyed him. "Interesting. Could you remind me of your name. And maybe how old you are." Lucius tried for subtlety. The child obviously knew him. He had no clue as to how. "Grandpa Lucy! You know how old I am. It's my birthday. Are you tricking me? I'm Aquillae. Mummy says it means flying eagle in a different language which is kinda like a Gryffin and she was a Gryffindor. Papa says I should be a snake though." The little girl's out of control curls bounced as she moved towards him. She climbed up on the dumbstruck ex-death eater and perched herself in his lap. "Grandpa Lucy, I'm hungry. Can we have a picnic in your office like we did when mummy was with papa? With chocolate?" Lucius swore the small child batted her eyes at him when she said chocolate. Noticing something shiny under the child's wild hair, Lucius grabbed what he realized to be a gold chain around the child's neck. Pulling it off of the girls head, he groaned at what he found. A small time turner was around her neck. On the top, in small print next to where the chain attached had the initials DLM stamped into it. The little girl did not seem to mind the removal of the necklace, in fact she had completely ignored it and instead was yelling for "Mowgli! Mowgli! Why aren't you coming?" The girl twisted in his lap to glare at him with big grey eyes. "What happened to Mowgli? You paid him, right? Mummy says if you don't pay your elves they don't have to work for you. That's slavery." "Pay my elves! I was starting to wonder who Mummy was but I don't think I have to ask any longer. I should have known upon seeing this hair." Lucius grumbled under his breath. Lucius thought about everything he knew. First, this small girl called him grandpa Lucy. Second, she had grey eyes. Very similar to Narcissas' eyes he realized. Third was that the girl had to be around five years old. The time turner necklace would place her from the future where she spends time with him often. And finally; the talk of paying house elves could only have come from Hermione Granger. It was a logical conclusion; Draco Malfoy leaves his fiancé and has a child with Hermione Granger. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Lucius really wished he had not dropped the decanter of aged firewhiskey. The child, Aquillae, continued to chatter about her birthday party, the new dress she had chosen, and her new school she goes to with her best friend Scorp. Realizing that the child was still hungry he called for an elf to bring them snacks. The remainder of the afternoon had Lucius Malfoy playing with his future grandchild. That's exactly how Narcissa found them when she returned from shopping a few hours later. "Lucius, where did this child come from?" Narcissa entered the room slowly. Lucius set the small girl down, pulled Narcissa out of the room and closed the door gently. "Don't touch anything, little eagle." Narcissa blinked at the man she loved. She wondered if she was ill. She opened her mouth then realized she wasn't sure what to say. She closed her mouth again and looked at her husband. "Cissy, we need to break the contract with the Greengrass girl. Draco will ruin us if we don't. He's not happy, and he loves that Granger chit." Lucius rushed out. He paced to and fro in front of his wife. "We should tell Draco we know. Tonight." "Lucius, Draco loves Astoria. They've been dating for several years now. Ms. Granger has lunch with Astoria several times a month and tea with us every Thursday. I'm unsure where this is coming from." At that precise moment, Draco Malfoy walked down the hall. Spotting his parents he gracefully came towards them. "Mother. Father. May I ask why you're having a conversation in the hall?" Draco raised an eyebrow at his father. "I can prove what I'm saying Cissy. Watch this." Lucius entered his study and called for the small girl. She ran to him and then realized Draco was behind him. "Oh, I've missed you!" The small girl launched herself at Draco wrapping her arms around his knees and hugging tightly. Draco tried extracting himself from the strong girl wrapped around him. "See. I proved it. You're her father. She's from the future. Her mother is Ms. Granger." Lucius declared confidently. "Grandpa Lucy! Are you trying to trick