A/n: So I just watched the Hobbit. And yes, I know it came out forever ago. I put off watching it because it wasn't centered around Frodo, and I have an embarrassing boner for Frodo. He's so cute, with like...the biggest blue eyes. So damn big. After the Hobbit, I rewatched the Lord of the Rings trilogy. I think you all know where this is going. Legolas and Aragorn. Am I right? Am I right ? Of course I'm right. Arwen needs to pack it up, Legolas is moving in. Yessss. Warnings? Angst, Slash [Aragorn/Legolas], Elvish [translations found at the end] and um...less-than-impressive geographical knowledge of Middle Earth. And possible character-death, but I'm still undecided on that. The war has ended. Peace spreads over Middle Earth like some welcome plague, infecting soil and creature and man. The great, dark Mirkwood forest is free of Sauron's influence and his terrible, crawling things. The Grey Elves return to their home trees, their woodland. Having ended my travels with Gimli, earlier than intended, I find myself stumbling down the Old Forest Road. My fingers dig into my breast. I frown tightly. Cold sweat beads at my temples. I wonder why I bother returning home, if Mirkwood dared be called home. Thranduil would not rejoice my coming, my people would not receive me happily. I am not wanted here. Pain flares in my chest like red coals. I nearly trip, but catch myself against a gnarled trunk. The bark is rough and perfect under my hand. I've missed these trees. I suck in big mouthfuls of air, but breathing hurts. If not Mirkwood, where would I go? Rivendell? No, I'd be an unnecessary burden on Lord Elrond. I don't have long left, I wouldn't last the ride to Imladris. The Halls of Mandos call for me, and I grow weary of resisting. I straighten, and continue on. I will die, swallowed up by earth, alongside my Mother. I wonder who will mourn me. I sigh, a very miserable noise. The Fellowship, my family, has left to their respective homes. The Hobbits eat and drink and laugh in the rolling, green Shire. Gimli seeks his kinsmen in the Blue Mountains, Belegost. Aragorn, King of the united Arnor and Gondor, rules the realm of men. His duty is to his land, his people, his wife. I stop, nausea leaving me breathless. Aragorn. "Look at what you've done to me, Melamin. Tenna' ento lye omenta." To die of heartache is to die in agony. I have felt this agony for some time. As the child Estel grew into manhood, so too did my feelings of brotherly affection grow into something taboo. Warm stirrings of passion, curling tendrils of love like baby roots. I love Aragorn II Elessar, just as I will always love him. But Aragorn has given his heart to another, the Lady Arwen. In his twentieth year, they met upon her return to Rivendell. It was love at first sight, he'd told me. He first mistook her for Lúthien, believing he had fell into a dream. I smiled and laughed at his silly tale. But I was bleeding, my heart was bleeding. I watched him fall fast and hard through the coming years, and I kept my silence. Aragorn had found someone to love deeply, someone who loved him just as deeply. She would mother his children, and care for him in ways only a women could. Their union was an acceptable one. Their wedding was beautiful and white, and it was too much. I've been wasting for so long, too long. The war was something of a great distraction. I had reason to live and will to fight. Too much was happening. There was no time to think on my foolish, quiet love. The pain never left me, but I could ignore it a little easier. Aragorn stood with me, ran with me, rode with me, fought with me. We were together, facing this looming apocalypse with brave faces. There was no duty, no future, just the one moments. Those were the best times. I'm certain he thought only of his Arwen, but that was alright. It's alright, it is. Arwen has given up her immortality, for her own love is so strong and so true. I won't take that from her. I won't take her love, nor will I take her life. Not as though Aragorn would choose I over she, in this life or any other, but I wouldn't dare try. They're not at fault, and I don't blame them. I won't disrupt their happiness. My insides burn hotly and suddenly. I snap forward, and cough breathlessly. Red splashes the dirt, dribbling down my chin. It tastes like copper. I look southwards. Mirkwood is close. I can see the vined drapings and dim, gold lights. I can make it. I try to stand, but it hurts too terribly. I'm forced to hunch, my arms wrapped tight about my midsection. One slow step at a time. Mirkwood draws ever nearer, until I'm standing before it's woody gates. Unfamiliar kinsmen approach me. They're just bright, blurred shapes. My vision is failing me. My knees snap like brittle twigs, and I fall. I feel hands. Grasping at me, supporting me, rolling me. Voices, but I can hardly hear them. Cotton fills my ears, I hear only the dull roar of rushing blood. Indiscernible faces, I think they look fearful. I see treetops and sunlight, dotted with black. Too much black. It must be many days later. I force my lids open, and it takes great effort [as though small, galvorn weights hang from them]. I lay in a familiar bed, in a familiar room. Open and green, mossy floors and wood columns. My childhood dwelling. I realize I'm still alive, and I feel disappointed. My body is loose, it won't move as I command it. My eyes burn and prickle. I'm helpless, like a newborn elfling. Lord Elrond sits next to me. I pretend not to notice. "Nae saian luume'." He says quietly. I muster a smile. "What brings you to Mirkwood, Heruamin?" He doesn't say anything for a short moment. Simply stares at me with this tired fondness. He looks older, I notice. "You, young Greenleaf." "I'm honored." I try to laugh, but the sound is too quiet. Just broken breath. He doesn't smile. His hand curls into my cheek. It's cold. "Who grieves you so?" He finally asks. "Please, please don't ask me such things." "I will ask!" He bellows, and there is more emotion in him now then in the entirety of my life. I stare a little dazedly. "You are my own, Legolas. I care for you as my own. Please, I must know. Tell me who causes you this suffering." Warm, salty tears gather at the ends of my lashes. I can't! My love is misplaced! It would steal the happiness of Elrond's true child, come between a harmonious couple and their future. If I speak of it now, Elrond would be glad for my death. I'm not so important, compared to his beloved Arwen. It would hurt too much. I couldn't bare it, not in these last moments of mine. I close my eyes. His stare burns me up. "I cannot." I whisper. "Why, Legolas?" "It's better this way, please understand." I urge him. He looks angry, his cheeks color pink. "I will not understand. Nothing will be made better by your unnecessary death." "If not I, another would die in my stead. My love is misplaced, it shall never be returned. I've accepted that, and I've accepted my inevitable passing." I say this with finality, but Elrond won't hear it. It's frustrating and painful and heartbreaking. "I will not interfere. I just wish to know." So softly, I almost miss it. Lord Elrond, wizened and prideful, looks to be misery incarnate. He begs me, beseeching me with his tired eyes. My will crumbles like the old Púkel-men statues, lining the road to Dunharrow. I look elsewhere, swallowing thickly. I'll tell him, though it's a struggle to shape the words. "Aragorn, son of Arathorn. Heir of Isildur, the child you raised, husband of your daughter. I don't wish to love him, but my heart is stubborn. He loves another, your Arwen, and she loves him just as well. Her immortality is no more, her life is bound to his. I won't put myself, my desires, before their own. I will not come between them." There is silence. Complete, absolute silence. No wind, no distant mutterings, no clacking branches. I can't bare to look at him. He must loathe me now, feel some measure of disgust. "You think ill of me." I say quietly, the silence weighing too much. He starts, as though forgetting me. I chance a shuttered look, and his face knocks the breath from me. His cheekbones shine wetly, his lips tremble together. He looks overwhelmed with grief. "Never." Legolas had fallen asleep. Or maybe unconscious is the more accurate word. Lord Elrond simply sat and watched. His heart bled for the young Greenleaf. He feels wholly responsible, and wholly guilty. In these past years, Elrond has seen a deep, fierce love unfurl like pipeweed smoke. Thick, pungent, and warm. Legolas grew beside the young Estel. Bandaged his childish scrapes, taught him the proper handlings of a Lothlórien bow, told tales of older ages. As child grew into man, familial affection was lost to this bright, soulful love. Legolas had fallen for a mortal man, just as his mother before him. And Aragorn returned that wholehearted love. Though he denied it like it were criminal. Elrond saw the smitten glances and tender smiles. And he saw the makings of something beautiful. Beauty, however, is a fragile thing. Arwen, his youngest child, came to Rivendell in her whitest garb. Aragorn clung to her, desperately hoping to forgetting his strongest of loves. She was a fair distraction, and perfectly happy to be used as such. Arwen was not blind to the unspoken brew of feelings between man and Mirkwood elf. She chose to pursue Aragorn regardless, seeking her happiness in a man who could never love her. Elrond saw this. He saw Aragorn abandon his closest confidant in favor of a pointless, loveless relationship. He saw Legolas hold in his heartbreak and loneliness, fading a little more with every season. He saw Arwen force a life bond on a desperate man. He saw this, and said nothing. He told himself Arwen deserved happiness, told himself Legolas would heal in good time, told himself it was for the best. His thoughtless silence had cost a precious, innocent life. Legolas deserved more. From his family and friends, he deserved the loyalty and love that he was so quick to give. Elrond had been called to Mirkwood on business, to discuss any Sindar voyages to the Undying Lands. Thranduil hadn't said a word of his comatose son, nor did he seem particularly bothered. If not for the gossipy nature of chambermaids, Elrond would be none the wiser of Legolas' fatal condition. Legolas was more pale, more cold, and more limp than ever before. The only bit of color on him were his cheeks, which were an unnatural pink. His chest shuddered mechanically, and his eyes flickered beneath grey lids. "Forgive me, my son. The fault is mine." He murmured. Red sunlight shone at his back. Evening would soon come, shrouding the realm in its black veil. Elrond stood from the small, oak stool. He made for the writing desk, taking a feather quill in hand. There were many letters to write. Minas Tirith woke with the dawn. Aragorn stood on his kingly balcony and watched his city lights flicker on white walls. Shops and markets and homes burned white gold in the early morning, with their oil lamps and bouncing sunbeams. Clopping hooves and wooden contraptions rolled over cobblestone, echoing up and down the seven levels. It was the timeless, fabled Kings'