AN: Hello! I know it's been way too long and I sincerely thank anyone reading this right now. To the readers who started "When You Hear My Heart Stop," I promise that I haven't given up on it. It's been on my mind more than you know and I hope to get to a place where I'm ready to delve back into where I left all you wonderful people hanging. But in the meantime, this was a oneshot that turned into something…more. I had such a fun time writing it that I wanted to share it! Thank you to my wonderful beta, SydneyAlice, who not only turns my ordinary words into something beautiful, but listens to more bullshit than she should have to. I owe you one, girl. As usual, the wonderful universe of "Twilight" belongs to Stephenie Meyer. I am unfortunately not her. I hope you guys like it! This is all Edward's POV. Rated M for occasional language. AH. "What do I keep doing wrong?" Bella asked as she cried on my shoulder. I had my arm wrapped around her, stroking the top of her arm, trying to comfort her any way I knew how. "Nothing, Bella. That guy was just an asshole." Bella Swan has been my best friend since pre-school. To say that we've literally known each other all our lives isn't an understatement by any means. That first day of pre-school I remember her hiding behind her mom's legs, eyes locked to the floor. The kids in our class were scattered around the room. Some were on the plastic slide in the corner, some girls were brushing the hair of dolls, and some boys were crawling around, pushing cars and trucks across the floor. Our teacher squatted in front of Bella, trying her hardest to get her to join the rest of the group, but she wouldn't budge. Eventually, the teacher lured her away with some crayons and a coloring book, but as soon as she noticed her mom had left, the tears started streaming down her face. Bella had been the only kid to cry that first day of pre-school. Some kids teased her about it that morning, but she ignored them, choosing to stay silent instead. I got assigned to the same table as Bella, along with two other kids – Ben Cheney and Angela Weber. It's amazing that I can still recall their names. Of course having that table as our permanent seat for the year probably allowed me to remember them so well. Bella was the quietest person I had ever met. Growing up with an older brother as loud and rambunctious as mine made you realize that some kids didn't always shout or want to wrestle like Emmett did. That morning, we were working on a puzzle of jungle animals when a kid named Tyler Crowley came over to Bella and called her a "cry baby." I could see how embarrassed she was . . . how she refused to let her eyes fill with tears at his teasing. I looked over at Tyler in disbelief. Sure, Emmett and I got into arguments, but my mom, Esme, never would have tolerated name calling. We made the mistake of doing that once in front of her, which resulted in no television privileges for a week. I just couldn't believe how cruel he was being to someone he didn't even know. I could sympathize with Bella because I seemed to be a constant target for Emmett's teasing. Still, the situation was different; Emmett was my brother and I knew that he loved me even when he teased me. Tyler was being cruel to a person he didn't even know. Without a word, he grabbed the puzzle piece Bella was holding and ran back to his seat with it. That was it. She hadn't done anything to deserve his cruelness – to deserve anyone's teasing. She had been keeping to herself the whole morning and not causing any trouble. And just because she got upset when her mom left, she was now considered an easy prey for the other kids to pounce on. Without giving it a second thought, I got out of my seat and walked over to Tyler. I told him if he wanted to make trouble for anyone, he should do it with someone his own size – like me. I took the puzzle piece out of his hand and gave it back to Bella. "Don't listen to him. He's mean," I told her as she fit the piece to complete the giraffe's neck into place. She gave me a brief smile before quickly darting her eyes back down to the puzzle. The rest of that morning was uneventful as far as Bella was concerned. I told her that my favorite animal was a lion (Esme had just bought us "The Lion King" on VHS and Emmett and I could not stop watching it). She told me that she liked Timon and Puma. She asked me what my favorite color was and when I told her mine was green, she told me hers was blue. When the teacher told us to sit in a circle on the carpet for story time, Bella sat next to me, her eyes glued to the book in the teacher's hands. I could tell that books were obviously something she enjoyed, and I wondered if her mom read to her before bed like my mom did with us. At the end of the day, as we sat waiting for our parents, I noticed that Bella was getting anxious as moms and dads arrived to pick up their children. Her mom hadn't gotten there yet. When Esme arrived, she asked me how my day was and as she turned to leave, I stopped her. "Mom, can we wait until her mom gets here?" I asked, pointing at Bella over my shoulder. "Sure, honey." Esme said, helping me to take my backpack off. My mom talked to Bella, asking her name and what was her favorite part of the day. It wasn't long before Bella's face erupted into a smile when her mom, Renee, made her way into the classroom. She jumped up and ran over to her mom, her arms already outstretched for a hug. Esme got my backpack and walked over to introduce herself. I told Bella that I'd see her tomorrow and she smiled back at me before taking Renee's hand and leaving. Every day that week, my mom and I would wait with Bella until her mom picked her up. She didn't like being left alone and she told me once she was scared that Renee had forgotten about her. Esme always assured her that wasn't the case, but she always continued fidgeting until Renee arrived. After that, Bella and I became fast friends. Nobody teased Bella about what happened on our first day of school and she soon became comfortable enough to talk more with Angela and Ben. She was still the same quiet introvert, but she talked back if you started a conversation with her. Story time continued to be her favorite part of the day and she'd often find a book and a quiet place to sit down and flip through the pages, looking at the pictures. We liked coloring together, and we finished the one containing zoo animals all by ourselves. One day, Renee got to school before Esme did. I told Bella goodbye as I watched Renee bend down to Bella's eye level so she could ask her a question. They both looked over at me in unison before coming to sit at our table. "Hi Edward, Bella tells me your mom isn't here yet?" I shook my head no. "She'll be here, though. She had a doctor's appointment this morning." "I'm sure she will be." Renee smiled before asking me what I liked about school and what we did today. Bella could hardly take her eyes off her, and it was obvious they had a very tight bond. When mom did eventually get there, she thanked Renee for staying with me. Bella and I waved goodbye to each other before mom took my hand and led me to the car. "Bella's mom told me that Bella didn't want to come to school last week because she was being teased," Esme said, helping me with my seatbelt. "I know. She got teased for crying. Kids are mean." "They can be, yes. But her mom also told me that you were the only reason she wanted to come back. She told me that you were very nice to Bella and that you're her friend. That was very nice of you." Mom kissed my forehead. "I'm so proud." Mom eventually asked Renee where they lived, and I was excited to learn that they lived only two blocks away from our house. Our moms arranged a car pool schedule so Bella and I became inseparable in a short amount of time. Renee even brought Bella over one afternoon when it snowed so we could watch "The Lion King" with Emmett. After the school year was over, Bella and I stayed friends throughout the summer. Our moms arranged more play dates, and I was excited to have someone besides Emmett to play with. When the next school year began, Bella and I were in the same classroom with some of the other kids from our pre-school class. Thankfully, Bella didn't get as upset that first day like she did the year before. We still talked to Angela, but learned that Ben had moved away over the summer. Now Angela was the one who was almost always sad. Apparently, she and Ben had struck up a friendship with each other like Bella and I had. Angela missed him, but Bella and I did our best to cheer her up. I couldn't imagine if the situation had been reversed and Bella had moved away. I was as close to her as I was Emmett, and I knew without a doubt I'd be heartbroken if she ever left. Another school year passed, and the next year Bella and I weren't in the same class. Being from a town as small as Forks, there were only two classes, and this year we were separated. We still saw each other at lunch, and that's when I introduced her to Jasper, a friend I'd made in my class. When I introduced them, I was glad they liked each other. I knew they would, though. Jasper's as laid back as you can get, and when you're as sweet as Bella, you get along with anybody. She told me once that she was afraid he had taken her place as my best friend. I told her that wasn't the case. Jasper was my best guy friend; Bella was my best girl friend. I was somewhat caught off guard by her question, but I soon realized why she asked it. It wasn't because she was being territorial over me, demanding I have no other friends besides her. Instead, it was insecurity. Bella feared that I would replace her as soon as someone she considered better than herself came along. At the time I didn't understand why she would feel that way, but assumed she was as scared of losing me as I was her. I assured her that I didn't view them any differently and was glad that all of us could be friends. During the summer, Jasper's mom even dropped him off a couple of nights so all three of us could hang out. All throughout middle school and our first year of high school, Bella and I remained best friends. Most years we were in the same class, which was great, because we could work on projects together and do homework assignments after school. During the years we were separated, Bella became comfortable enough to adjust to not having me there. It was just a habit of nature .