Author's Note Hello everyone! This is my first (official) fanfiction. This account, at least since it was created, was simply a test, but I'm glad I was able to return and actually use it. I hope you can approach this story with an open mind, since it focuses on a separate plot from The Hobbit and LOTR, though the events of the War of the Ring will appear at some point. I took Gostir from wiki/Gostir and to my surprise, there's almost nothing known about the dragon of Morgoth. As such, I don't own anything related to Middle Earth, all rights go to Tolkien for creating the fabulous world! Chapter One: A Chance Arrangement The Valar have a grand sense of humor. To Men, Elves, and Dwarves alike, they who saw so much evil once believed that it could not be immortal, that it can be defeated, and once gone, the whispers of its name will fade from history, becoming only a vague memory to those who once combated it. Yet why could evil disappear yet hang so high in the sky, gazing down upon Middle Earth like a Great Eagle searching for its prey? Who would think to look up at the grey clouds, seeing in them not the presence of rain that would bring youth, life, and growth, but the resurgence of evil? -o- Gandalf knew very well that The Necromancer would return one day, when he found in him new power and strength as well as an abundance of new allies to serve him. After he had seen Bilbo off, Gandalf began his research and travel across Middle Earth, learning as much as he could about the inevitable evil that would rise up, and about the mysterious ring Bilbo had found. Such a curious thing that the hobbit prided himself over, and even Gandalf's kind visage couldn't forget that such powerful items had secrets. His travels brought him one stormy night in The Prancing Pony in the settlement of Bree, where he had stopped to rest after a visit with Bilbo at The Shire. The men in town seemed particularly apt in hushed chatter and gossip that night, and it was enough for the wizard to raise a bushy eyebrow at. Of the conversations around him at the crowded tavern, he could pick up only tidbits. It seemed that the name Gostir was on many a tongue, and when mentioned, the expressions on people's faces were often disbelief, suspicion, and even amusement. Gostir… The name was a vague one to Gandalf. After Smaug had been vanquished, were more rumors of dragons bound to pop up across the land? Little to nothing was known about the ancient dragon who was said to have been slain by warriors north of the Withered Heath. Nothing to worry about, assuredly, but as Gandalf retreated to his room where he longed so very much to retire to, he found one of the many books he had carried along his journey, and with the glow of a candle and puff of his pipe, began flipping the pages of a tome on dragons to recall Gostir. "One of the most mysterious dragons known to Middle Earth was Gostir, he who had a Dread Glance. His spotted grey wings were stained in the blood of his brethren, and eventually, that of Men in the late First Age. Smaller than his father, the Father of Dragons Glaurung, he was still a mighty sight, with his scales that were like sharpened scythes. Little is known of his early life, as he maintained a constant vigil among the peaks of Ered Lithui. The great winged beast did not act like the Dragons Middle Earth knew. Instead he pitied man for their weakness, and scorned his greedy kind. This did not stop the people that lurked near the home of Dragons far west of the Iron Hills from drawing their swords and bows against him. When his wings cast a great shadow over Rhovanion and Mirkwood as he longed to return to his home, those who would raise their weapons up met him before he could reach mountains of refuge. Who was he to claim himself unaffected by greed and pride of his kind, when he did not look upon them as they starved and froze and suffered nature's wrath? Could he pity them when he sat upon a great high, with his wings catching the wind and his hunt easy? All dragons had an urge to dominate, and they were created by Melkor to wreak havoc upon mortal kind. Even when his life was threatened and his eyes could clearly see what the people suffered, he remained wordless, so their arrows struck his breast when fire met shields and flesh. They burned and they bled because rage and sorrow was too much of a burden to bear when they watched their children die. Many of them lost their lives to fight the injustice of ignorance, but they had at last found their peace when the dragon lay at their feet. Even as he gave his dying breath and the men lowered their guard for a time of respite, they still heard his fell voice in a whisper on the wind. Sweat was a sheen on their brows as though the dragon's fire still roared. Justice was done for them, and they could go back to wife and children with livened hope. Still, as evil cannot be immortal, and justice comes eventually to all, they would continue to feel his gaze upon them and the heaviness of his breath in the air they breathed. Their people would die out slowly, but when at last their kind dwindled, a prophecy was struck in stone laying at their feet. A message from heavens and stars above! Oh, joy they felt that they could be guided with purpose after so many tears shed at their lost people and livelihood. It was not a blessing that they felt, but an evil omen. Their dreaded foe was truly not dead. His soul lingered among the stars and heavens, waiting to be reborn inside of the humanoids that roamed the land. The time when he would seek to claim a body would be a dawning age of bloodshed and brutality, as well as sacrifice. When evil from Valar above would try to claim power, Gostir would return. To the dying group of people who were delivered this prophecy, vengeance and dread filled their hearts, though the message before them spoke of no evil from the dragon's soul directly. A strange thing it was, but perhaps when he would reappear there would be another foe? It seemed clear to the people what their next steps were. This token from deities who saw past, present, and future altogether must be relayed to every man and woman that claimed life upon Middle Earth. With the little men and women the people below the Iron Hills had, they slowly began to disperse and mingle among the races to make faint murmurs of what was relayed to them. Not enough to stir up panic, but enough for this passage to be written, and for the dear reader to heed its words. When Gostir returns, if there is a chance given by the Valar for him to breathe in the breeze again, know that past evil does not always mean future evil. Be wary and vigilant, for if you come across a peculiar male who stands out among his kind, think back to what I have told you, and remember that evil may not be far ahead." Little, Gandalf mused, was known on Gostir still, as the passage retelling the dragon's life was minuscule compared to what other sections of the book proclaimed. Still, it was enough to make him rub his beard in contemplation. Why would common men who had more important things to worry about than long-lost prophecies and stories told by wiser people be whispering about a dead dragon all of a sudden? The answer could have been clear, but Gandalf would not be one to assume. His eyes were tired and the candle wax dripped with melancholy of burning as the hour was late. Retiring his pipe and hat upon the chest top at the foot of his bed, he knew that such an investigation would have to wait until morning. He'd had enough of dragons for a lifetime, anyway. -o- Dawn approached with the singing and chatter of birds, but ceased the chatter of dragons. The men and women of Bree still had their conversations that were out of place, but the subject had changed to Edoras. It wasn't uncommon for them to talk about the capital city of Rohan, but the city was fairly common in its dealings, and the people's topics of conversation were anything but. Some idle prattle about a young girl appearing from Minas Tirith begging for information on a most peculiar name. She had been there for a week, and frankly it was getting on everyone's nerves. A useless rumor of course, nothing out of the ordinary except a strane girl who poked her nose into things she should not meddle with. She was clearly desperate and oblivious to the people's suspicion around her, and she grated everyone's nerves. Gandalf was ready to set out to see where the wind might take him for news he might uncover, but the same rumor about the girl was repeated among the people. As he made his way close to the gates, he stopped a man who seemed to know more than the rest about Edoras. "Forgive me, but have you any news of what goes on in Edoras?" The wizard examined the man's face, clean of dirt that plagued the people. He spoke with a kind voice, as the old man in him would to use to his advantage subconsciously. "Aye, sir. The people are as hungry as ever, bless the Rohirrim. I don't know why you would care, sir. Not much has changed despite what happened east. Unless you are like all these folk who ask the same question, about the madness that has seemed to have appeared from The White City. I swear, 'round here the people's eyes widen if they hear something that is more interesting than them milking cows and tending to children." The man did not look the part of a man from Rohan, and as he tended to his bay horse he seemed like a bird ready to bolt. "Indeed. What is this 'madness' you speak of so feverishly?" Gandalf broached, coming closer to the man and watching him as he untied his mount from a pole by the gates. At this, the man shook his head and smirked bitterly, spitting at the ground and digging his boots into soil. "More of a 'who' than a 'what'. In fact, I was the one who took her to the city. Paid me a measly sum to take her from The White City to Edoras. I cannot believe for the life a' me how young she was. Someone like that ought to still be suckling from her mother's breast." He chuckled and waggled his head again, and Gandalf resisted the urge to raise an eyebrow. "Ah, but you want to know more about 'er? She did not say much, but kept her face concealed in the shadows of a cloak. I tell ya', she couldn't have been older than thirteen winters. Spoke real pretty too with a fair face marred with fresh claw marks. Reckon a wolf got her before she found me posted at a tavern outside Minas Tirith. Seemed to be okay other than that." "You did not ask the girl's name or any other information?" Gandalf was skeptical at this man, to ride with a child without parents and few words was not something becoming of an honorable man. "Ah, you see, sir, in my line of work, some people are not the best a' people