PERFECT IMPERFECTIONS Disclaimer: I do not own the rights to the Harry Potter universe, even though I dream of it being mine every night and probably will for the rest of my days. Now that we've got all that cleared up… on to the story-… …. 'Salazar save me, I think I'm in love.' Hermione sighed morosely as her lap was unceremoniously occupied by a very male blond head that belonged to her former classmate, childhood nemesis and now a drastically reformed Unspeakable partner – Draco Malfoy. 'That's lovely, Draco, but I would be much happier if you wouldn't violate my personal bubble and remove yourself from my person.' Said blond lifted his blond head from where it lay cradled into her lap and fixed her with a wounded look. 'I tell you I am in love and that's all you have to say to me? You do know that I've just endured a life-changing realization, the likes of which I may never recover from, and my ickle heart is likely to be broken into a billion little bleeding pieces, don't you? And you think that's lovely. You're cruel, Granger, I hope you know that. You wound me with your lack of concern.' Hermione reluctantly put down her very gripping crime thriller novel down and turned her undivided attention to the snarky blond who was peering sulkily up at her. 'Oh, alright, fine! Tell me all about this lovely girl of yours.' With a very satisfied smirk, Draco then proceeded to chew her ears out with a rather tiresome list of all the dazzling qualities of his mystery woman… how she was the most brilliant, stunning, gorgeously graceful woman there ever was to inhabit the earth and how he could never be able to call her his own because she was just so unattainable… all punctuated with a nauseatingly dreamy look in those stormy grey eyes of his. Hermione nodded along, pretending she heard everything he was saying, not really bothered with his lady. She knew that if the woman managed to get this sort of a reaction from Draco Malfoy, bad boy extraordinaire, then she wasn't really worth it. He would get over her soon enough once the novelty of her 'beyond your reach' characteristic had been accomplished and tossed aside. She was brought out of her reverie when his Malfoy family ring became painfully entangled in her curly tresses, the oblivious blond still continuing to gesticulate his arms wildly to further prove his point. Her muffled 'ow' bringing him to his senses, which might not have been all that benefitting, given the way he cheekily yanked his arm free with a victorious cry, pulling the ring free and taking with it a few mutilated strands of hair. To his credit, he did look extremely sheepish at her pained expression and with a murmured half-arsed apology after she stood up, he helpfully attempted to smooth out the wrinkles in her skirt until she swatted his arms away. 'Anyway, I've decided to woo the lucky lady and that's where you come in, Granger.' 'Pardon?' she looked adorably confused, her eyebrows creasing together and her little button nose wrinkling a bit to further highlight the small smattering of freckles sprinkled over her nose and cheeks. 'I need your help. You know, because I'm out of practice and all.' 'Draco…' Hermione sighed, retrieving her novel, shrugging on her favourite coat and fidgeting with her handbag, not daring to meet his eyes, knowing she would be completely lost if she caught sight of the genuine smile full of trust he seemed to wear only for her. 'Are you sure I'm supposed to help you? Don't you want to go to someone more suitable to handle this type of situation… Blaise, maybe?' Draco snorted dismissively. 'Of course, you're the perfect one to help me. Blaise is great with the ladies, I know, but he is not a clever and resourceful woman, last time I checked. I'd say that give you a rather large advantage, don't you?' Hermione took a deep, fortifying breath and was preparing to deny him and stand her ground against his impossibly irresistible persona when the little bugger dropped the bombshell. The winning card he always played to get his way and that had the uncanny capacity to turn her into a mushy puddle of goo. 'Besides, after everything that has happened, you're sort of the only real friend I've got here and if it wasn't for you, then…' She felt him shrug beside her, his unspoken 'I would be very alone' hanging like a looming storm above her head. She turned to catch his wide, earnest grey gaze that pleaded with her ever so softly and the sad sort of smile that pulled at the corners of his mouth and she let out a defeated sigh. Only the way Draco beamed told her she'd done the right thing. She answered his rare, unguarded smile with one of her own, as she cleared away the remnants of her lunch with a quick banishing spell and began to walk out of the library they spent almost all of their lunch breaks in, pausing only to throw a pointed look at him when she realised he hadn't moved from his place. 'Lead the way, Romeo.' Draco bounced up to her side, throwing an arm around her shoulder and squeezing affectionately. He led her through the crowds and into the small café just around the corner which was one of their very frequent haunts. Once inside, his face took on a pinched sort of look that she'd always mistaken for arrogance, but in reality, was a mask he put on to hide his true feelings. This knowledge had been hard earned, through weeks of working together in the Department of Mysteries, having to stay up late into the night, more often than not. While he had been extremely standoffish in the beginning, she'd slowly, but surely managed to break through the hard layers of his armour. The war had been taxing on everyone, no matter which side they'd fought for, and Draco hadn't been immune to it. They'd shared shockingly personal stories during those late hours and their indifference had given way to a tentative friendship before solidifying into a deep bond of something characterised by respect, admiration and devoted trust. Hermione could now honestly call Draco one of her closest friends, given the amount of time they spent in each other's company, occasionally accompanied by Harry and Ron. As for Draco, Hermione was truly the only closest friend with whom he could be himself and not worry about how he was portraying the image of Malfoys or Slytherins or any of that nonsense. Steering Hermione through the café, he gave her a sharp but subtle pinch and nodded towards the buxom blonde standing behind the cash register, a bored expression adorning her face. Hermione bit back a groan. Leave it to Draco to fall for that particular witch. Astoria Greengrass. She was the epitome of a spoiled pureblood princess. With her clichéd attractive appearance of sleek blond hair, bright blue eyes, full pouting lips and curvaceous body coupled with a full bank account, she was picture perfect twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. A union with a Greengrass would mean an immediate ascension into the lifestyle he'd had to abandon, consisting of huge galleons to throw around, regal balls and parties and tasteful designer garments - a return to glory, if you will. The very thought made Hermione sick. Hermione smoothly slid into one of the booths at the back of the café that had a brilliant view of Draco's current romantic interest while also being a sort of private enclosure, ensuring no one would overhear them. Still, she cast a non-verbal Muffliato, not wanting to take a chance. She had seen their interactions before, which usually consisted of him giving her a firm, almost cold, nod and she reacting with a barely acknowledging gesture, her eyes skimming over the heads of the other males that frequented the place. That day was no different. Draco let out a little wistful sigh, audible only to Hermione, and she turned to catch the glazed, star-struck expression on the pointy, chiselled face she knew since she had been eleven. 'That went well.' She pointed out drily, at which Draco glowered. 'Shut it.' 'Have you ever even spoken to her before?' Hermione questioned, looking dubiously at him. 'Yes, I have!' Draco bit out defensively. 'She's the younger sister of Daphne Greengrass and all the Slytherin blokes used to tease and hex her for fun.' Hermione raised a sardonic eyebrow at him. 'Right… and have you spoken to her since school?' 'Not yet.' He crossed his arms defensively over his chest at her disbelieving smirk. 'I'm working on it and besides, I told you I needed your help, didn't I?' 'Yes, and I agreed. But really, Draco? Astoria Greengrass? Could you have chosen anyone more…?' 'Amazing, brilliant, lovely?' 'Self-centred?' Draco scowled at that and tightened his arms across his chest, but wisely chose to keep his mouth shut, after all, it wouldn't do to anger the one person who could help him in this case, even though he wanted so much to tell Hermione that she was wrong , that Astoria was the best person to suitably match him. Never let it be said that he isn't a true Slytherin. 'Forget it, Draco,' Hermione waved her arm about dismissively. 'I said I'll help you and I will. Just give me until tomorrow to come up with a game plan.' Draco's face brightened as he leaned forward and planted a brief kiss on her temple before moving to his side of the table. Hermione surreptitiously blinked away the stinging in her eyes, cleared her clogged throat, pushed down the swelling in her heart and buried her feelings into the deep recesses of her heart. …. 'Are you sure about this?' 'Positive.' 'No, really. Are you sure you're sure about this plan of yours?' 'Why, Draco, are you doubting my ability to come up with a legitimate plan?' Ever the Slytherin, Draco valued his skin far too much and settled for biting back the sharp retort that had come up to his tongue and shook his head at the witch seated before him. The next day had found them seated in the same spot as the previous afternoon, as Hermione filled him in on her master plan that had Draco doubting her sanity with each word she spoke, judging by the borderline horrified expression he sported. Hermione sighed impatiently and quickly snatched Draco's face with her hands in a firm grip, bringing their faces close together, locking her eyes onto his. The boy, well, man really, was so shocked by the positions her actions brought them into, that he promptly shut his mouth and stared gob-smacked at her. 'Draco?' 'Yes?' when normally, Draco's squeaky voice would have had her in a mirth induced hysteria, today, all she could think about was how stormy his eyes looked as she marvelled at the flecks of silver that swirled in his orbs. 'You're acting like a right ponce. You know that right?' She cut off his indignant reply with a 'Get off your arse, go over there and treat her like she is the scum at the bottom of your shoe. All you need to do is channelize your old Hogwarts persona and do something the old Draco would have had no trouble doing.' 'Yeah, well, the old Draco would never have thought to do this, but it doesn't mean it isn't worth doing.' He muttered the last bit under his breath, throwing her a strange look from beneath his fringe, before he continued loud enough for her to clearly hear him. 'Right, well then, wish me luck.' 'Go get 'em, tiger!' Hermione whispered as she nudged him in the direction of the blonde who was totally oblivious to Draco's existence,