Disclaimer: Harry Potter does not belong to me, no matter how much I wish it did. *.*.*.*.* First year – The Potions classroom "Shh! Will you two shut it? She might hear you!" Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle really had a herculean task trying to stifle the sniggers that were spewing from their mouths as Draco Malfoy brandished his wand and with a flourish, caused the long braid of the girl sitting in front of him to get tied to the handle of her cauldron. Unfortunately for her, Hermione Granger remained unaware of this and obliviously continued to scoop a little amount of her potion into a vial to give to Professor Snape. Draco smirked gleefully and held a finger to his lips to indicate to Crabbe and Goyle to keep quiet, when he was sure that her braid was knotted tightly to her cauldron and that she had finished collecting her sample and would be going to Professor Snape's desk to hand it over immediately. His lips twitching, he slowing began to back away from his desk and gestured for his two lackeys to do the same. It would be any second now. "Five…Four…Three…Two…" Hermione narrowed her eyes suspiciously at Draco's loud countdown, worried he might have done something to poor Neville's already-dreadful potion and, shooting him a glare, began walking towards Professor Snape's desk. "…One." THUD! SPLASH! She didn't go more than three steps before her braid, which was knotted to her cauldron, pulled her back painfully and with a screech, she knocked into her desk, causing her cauldron to topple over and her carefully brewed potion to spill uselessly to the floor. She landed on the floor in an undignified heap, covered in orange potion which began burning her skin, and, shrieking in pain, she dropped the vial she'd held tightly in her hand, shattering it. As soon as Harry and Ron caught sight of her small frame on the cold dungeon floor, they, along with the rest of the Gryffindors rushed to her help, much to Draco's amusement. "MALFOY! YOU EVIL GIT! HOW DARE YOU?!" Draco smirked. He loved it when her chocolate-brown eyes would glare at him with fire burning in them, just as they were doing at that moment. *.*.*.*.* Second year – Hogwarts grounds Draco was taking a pleasant stroll around the Hogwarts' grounds. It was the first day of Christmas break and he was staying at Hogwarts, rather than going home. Contrary to popular belief, he was sure glad he didn't have to go home, what with his father going on and on about how muggleborns were filthy and no better than the scum on your shoes, and he didn't particularly fancy listening to all that, not that he would ever admit it, because if word got out that Draco didn't really agree with his father's beliefs, his father would surely have his head. He continued walking, deep in thought, until he noticed Harry, Ron and Hermione huddled together a little farther away. He smiled slightly, thinking of all the things he could do to trouble the Golden Trio. Hermione, he noticed, had tied her hair into two loose ponytails, each one a wild bush on either side of her face. Looking up, he noticed a few birds chirping on the bare tree under which they were sitting. Grinning maliciously, he look out a sachet of owl treats and dropped them at the base of the tree, away from them. When he was sure the birds had taken an interest in the food, he began dropping them, forming a trail towards Hermione. Then, making sure he was a little away from her, managed to discretely drop some on her head, carefully, so she didn't notice them. She didn't. Soon, the birds had caught on and began attacking her head, in search of the treats. Shrieking wildly, Hermione's eyes grew wide as saucers at the attacking birds before narrowing into slits when she noticed his trembling form, bent double with blissful mirth at her misfortune. "MALFOY, YOU PRAT! I KNOW YOU DID IT! AAH! HARRY, RON, SHOO THEM AWAY, SHOO THEM AWAY! I'M GONNA KILL YOU, MALFOY!" Tears rolled down his cheek when Harry and Ron looked torn between helping Hermione and socking him into a bloody pulp. *.*.*.*.* Third year – The Great Hall It was the last day of the year and Draco was quietly munching on his breakfast of bacon and eggs, eyeing Hermione distastefully, who was seated at the Gryffindor table happily chatting with her two best friends. It looked to him as though she and Ron were trying to cheer Harry up, who was sitting glumly between them. He frowned darkly, when he saw her kiss Harry on his cheek and felt a stab of jealousy shoot deep in his heart. Apparently, he, himself, was worthy of a punch to the face from her whereas Saint Potter deserved a kiss! He ground his teeth in immeasurable rage and something weird feeling. He didn't, obviously, know what it was, but he didn't like that feeling one bit, and since it was Granger causing him to feel it, she would pay. Filthy Mudblood…I'll show you for being cosy with Potter! With a spiteful sneer adorning his pale face, he nudged Blaise Zabini, and indicated him to hand over his copy of The Monster Book of Monsters, and lazily began levitating it close to the floor (so no one would notice it) and over to Hermione, carefully lowering it onto her bench. Smirking, he shot a hex at the book to open it. As he had anticipated, the book snapped her long braid, the nearest object in its limited vision, and began to pull vehemently at her hair, causing her to yelp in pain as her head was pulled backwards. He, and the rest of the Slytherins, sniggered wildly as the Gryffindors panicked over getting the bloody book to stop yanking on her hair. "OW! HARRY, RON, GET IT OFF! UH! IT HURTS! MY HAIR!YOU WILL BE SO DEAD WHEN I GET MY HANDS ON YOU, MALFOY! I KNOW ITS YOU! IT'S ALWAYS YOU! OWW!" *.*.*.*.* Fourth year – The Hogwarts Library Draco's chin was resting on the table top as he glared angrily at Hermione, who was seated on her own table, books spread all over it and poring over some book or the other. She seemed oblivious to or had chosen to completely ignore stupid Krum and his band of giggling fangirls. It was obvious to any dunderheaded idiot that Krum had come to fancy the bloody bookworm and would most likely ask her to be his date for the Yule Ball. He watched in growing annoyance, his eyes narrowing even further, when Dumb Krum finally plucked up the courage to approach her. He let out a low growl when she gave him a light, tentative smile and fell into an easy conversation with him. Blaise, who was sitting beside him, gave a low whistle. "Look, Drake, little Miss Know-it-all has finally managed to snag herself a boyfriend. Maybe, now she'll stop being such a goody-two-shoes." He cackled gleefully, before noticing Draco's expression, who looked like he'd bitten a very sour lemon. "What's your problem, anyway, mate? D'you fancy her or something?" That did it. Snarling, he waved his wand, transfiguring the various pins in her hair into cockroaches. Her reaction was immediate. She began squirming when she realised that some things were there in her hair and then hopping around when she managed to snag a cockroach crawling in her hair, squealing like a mouse being trodden upon. Krum, for his own part, was equally terrified of cockroaches as she was, and wouldn't go anywhere near her, finally bolting away back the way he'd come, his fangirls following him, screeching. "EEK! C-COCKROACHES! GET THEM OFF ME, OFF! PLEASE, OFF! T-THEY'RE MOVING! BLOODY HELL!" Hermione wailed, bouncing up and down in an effort to get them away from her hair. Draco and Blaise fell into rambunctious laughter, falling off their chairs in their hilarity. After the two Slytherins had reigned in their laughter enough to be able to stand up, Draco smirked smugly and walked over to the still-bouncing-and-shrieking Hermione, and whispered huskily into her ear. "Hell, Granger, when I said that your hair could host insects in them, I was only joking, but you took me seriously. I didn't know you liked cockroaches enough to let them dwell in your hair. Although, why am I not surprised? You were the one who started some outlandishly stupid campaign for house elf rights. Spew, was it?" He waved his wand and the cockroaches Transfigured back into hair pins. It took Hermione a moment to catch on that the cockroaches were gone, but when she did, well… "MALFOY! YOU FOUL, LOATHSOME, EVIL LITTLE… COCKROACH!" Draco grinned contentedly. Ahh. Much better. *.*.*.*.* Fifth year – Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom Draco glowered darkly, rolling his eyes, as Umbitch (as he'd taken to calling her behind her back and in his head) hem-hemmed her way through another good-for-nothing excuse of a class, and diverted his attention to more pressing matters. Like the girl sitting directly in front of him, doing her fair share of glowering at the stupid toad. She ties her hair in a loose bun now. He mused as he found himself eyeing the back of Hermione's head, his eyes glazing over as he marvelled at the delectable patch of pale skin at the nape of her neck. Leaning forward, he caught a whiff of her sweet smelling hair, and almost groaned out loud at how homey it made him feel. It always smelled of cinnamon, oranges and chocolate and drove him up the wall. In a good way, of course. He had a very strong urge to run his hands through her hair and before he could stop himself, he'd tugged gently at her bun, causing it to come loose entirely, and her brown, frizzy tresses to cascade down her back. She whirled around and opened her mouth to berate him, no doubt, when she was interrupted by Umbridge's sickly sweet voice. "Ms. Granger, what part of my instructions to not talk at all, did you not understand? Ten points from Gryffindor for your impudence." Gritting her teeth in sheer annoyance, she turned back around, wanting nothing more than to thrust the quill in her hand violently through both, his and Umbridge's skulls. Choosing to take this once-in-a-blue-moon opportunity, Draco calmly ran his fingers through her soft locks, knowing he was irritating her beyond anything, and absolutely enjoying it. He smirked when, in her anger, she snapped her quill into two, but didn't turn back around to glare at him. He wrapped few strands of her silky hair around his finger, and marvelled as they bounced back when he let go. He frowned slightly, when he got no reaction from her. He continued toying with her hair until, finally, she swivelled around, her chocolate-brown eyes glaring ominously at him. He smirked back at her and raised a taunting eyebrow, waiting for her response. "Don't touch my hair again, Malfoy, or you'll live to regret it." She managed to threaten him, her teeth gritted tightly together. Still smirking, he raised his arms in surrender, mocking her lightly, and went back to ogling her head when she turned her back to him and levelled her glare on Umbridge instead. After class, he stayed back, pretending to be searching for something, until Hermione was the only other person inside the classroom, besides him, having told her two daft friends to go ahead without her. She'd not noticed his presence yet, and was tying her hair into a ponytail when he pulled the rubber band out of her grasp, startling her. "What-" she started to say, but he placed a slender finger over her lips, effectively shushing her. "Wear your hair down, Granger. Perhaps you'll look a little less than a beaver, that