Gale was alone, forgotten in the cruel unforgiving darkness. He recalled when he was younger, seven or eight years old, terrified of the dark. Because even at the young age, he had already learned that bad things happen in the dark. People die, close their eyes, and fall into the everlasting darkness, perhaps a dream for them, but a terrifying nightmare for anyone who ever loved them. He remembered how in the dark, every sound was amplified, every creak of the old house seemed like the foot steps of a monster, coming closer and closer to the little boy, hidden under the covers. But that wasn't the scariest thing to cross his mind. The thought that chilled him to the bone, that left him frozen in fear was the thought that monster was already there, in the closet or under his bed, just waiting for him to fall into a deep sleep, waiting for the right moment to pounce. He'd run to his parents room, and sleep between them, the warmth from either side convincing him that everything would be alright in the morning. But he was never safe forever. How was he to know that his father would die, in the dreaded darkness of the mines? How was he to know that he'd pretend he didn't hear his mother crying late at night in the dark? How was he to know that baby Posy, would wake him up at two in the morning, half awake herself, mumbling that she was afraid of the dark, asking him if she could sleep in his bed, begging him to protect him from the monsters. Gale Hawthorne was familiar with the dark. More than anyone should be. Spending all his time in the dark so he wouldn't have seen his reflection in the mirror. But that doesn't mean he ever stopped being afraid. The bottle sat innocently on the table, opened, but still full, bottle of the best liquor you could find in District Two. He tried to look away, but it was like the alcohol had a magnetic pull, unwillingly drawing his eyes to the bottle every few second. It mocked him. Sitting there, patiently, knowing that Gale would reach for it, and empty it before the sun came up. He had promised his mother he'd stop He had promised Rory, Vick, Posy. Even promised Katniss Mellark that he would, But he hadn't promised her . And the clear bottle tempted him, coaxing him to open it, promising it could take all the pain, the emotions away, at least for a little while. He ran his hand through his short black hair, resisting the urge to drink. But he knew it was futile. He winced as the bitter-tasting liquor hit the back of his throat. The icy feeling in his chest as the alcohol burned its way through his body, was long-familiar, even comforting. He drank, draining the bottle, first sip by sip, but each swallow increasing, as he forgot himself, and focused on the animal like instinct that told him more . He forgot himself, forgot the war, forgot her, and her pretty blue eyes that always haunted him. He told himself he drank to forget his family, his father, Katniss, the war. But it was dreadful lie; he drank to forget her. Madge. The mayor's daughter. The girl with the dying mother. The girl who was safe from the reaping. Katniss' school friend. The privileged merchant. The petite blonde. The blue-eyed angel. The rare fortunate one, in District Twelve. The girl who likes strawberries. No, that wasn't right. The girl who liked strawberries. Gale didn't remember finishing the bottle. He didn't remember stumbling to bed, probably hoping that he wouldn't puke on the covers. His breath tasted awful, the worst combination of liquor and foul morning breath. He was disgusted with what he had become. A man, broken and hollow from a war, unable to sleep without being drunk, the disappointment of his town. The Haymitch of District Two. A man with a blasted hangover But it wasn't as if his memory was blank. He remembered scraps of the night before. Tears falling down from his silver eyes as he looked out his only window. Trying to call the Mellarks without realizing that he had broken his phone weeks ago and was yet to fix it. Her. He shot up in bed, so fast he had banged his head on the head-board, most likely giving himself a bruise that would seem in a few hours. But he was yet to register any pain. He shut his eyes, trying to piece together what had happened the night before. He remembered an image, a single picture of her standing there, among the broken pieces of glass, her blue eyes shining, a sickly sweet smile on her lips. The moon light hitting her hair just right, so that it looked like waves in a golden ocean. And he tried to look closer at the memory, the single moment, a fragment memory, but the harder he looked, the more he tried to pick up details, the more it faded away, laving him with a blank picture and hollow heart beating unevenly. And one of the worst headaches he'd had in a long time. Goddamn it, what had happened last night? He must have hallucinated. Or just...it was impossible. It was just...impossible. She was dead. She was dead... He fell back onto the lumpy mattress, the best he could afford on a guards salary. It was still a lot better than what he was use to in District Twelve. Hell, it was better than District Thirteen. That still didn't mean it was comfortable. He turned over in his bed, hugging a pillow like he did when he was younger. Gale wrinkled his nose at the bitter smelling pillow, for it reared like his breath. He sighed, tempted to stay in bed all day, skip his shift, maybe call Solder Hiddson and ask to take a few days off. That made him jump out of bed. If he arrived even an hour late, he'd be fired. And as much as Gale hated to admit it, it was the best job he could get. He didn't like it, hated it even, but it payed enough that he could afford his own one bedroom apartment and still send money to his mom. He didn't think he'd ever stop taking care of her. Not until the day she died. He shook his head, trying to push those thoughts away as he made his way to the bathroom. No, he didn't want to think about that, he didn't want to imagine having to tell little Posy the news. Gale stared at the mirror, an inwardly groaned when he spotted the spider web shaped crack on it, with the hairline cracks expanding it in all directions. He must have punched it last night. He'd have to buy a new one. Again. He didn't even know why he kept on buying new mirrors, just to break them a few days later. But he just did. Like he was hoping that one day he'd undress for a shower and look in the perfect mirror and that would be the day all his problems would be solved. He smirked, his shattered reflection in the mirror mimicking him. What a childish thought. He'd been through a war, he knew things wouldn't change because of a stupid mirror. He knew the mirror wasn't his problem, it was just a side effect and he was too weak to deal with the cause. Still, the day his mirror, his simple, frame less bathroom mirror above the sink survived the night made him grin, the hopeful childish grin he once had before. But by the time he stepped out of the steaming shower, the white towel wrapped around his waist, tied in a knot above his hip, the sweet, innocent boyish grin was gone. He through the short-sleeved white collared shirt over his head and grudgingly fastened the buttons up to his throat. Damn dress code, Even in District Thirteen, where he was a solder in a war, he didn't have to wear a freaking collared shirt that threatened to choke him every time he took a deep breath. And the pants. Long and coal-black, reminding him if the dark mines, his old job that lasted only a few months in District Twelve. Well they would be long on everyone else, but Gale being above average height had to deal with his ankle being shown every time he took a step. When he first heard the shoes were going to be leather, it perked his interest, thinking back to has worn brown leather hunting boots. But this leather was stiff and hard, useless in the means of survival. Gale was working in an office building, but was a hunter at heart and no amount of hair gel was going to change his survivor instincts. He stared at the cracked mirror, where he spotted his face, his hair slicked back and parted to the side, dark shadows under his eyes, his real eyes, shining silver but streaked with red. If he ignored the eyes, it would seem like he was heading to the reaping. No, that wasn't true, his family could never afford an extra set of leather shoes and he would never have used hair gel, not for the Capital. Gale checked the clock hanging over his bedroom door, and saw it was 12:57. Cursing under his breath he ran outside, his shoes making it harder to get a good grip on the ground to push-off with, the noises of loud strangers; children whining, mindless conversations, the sounds of feet hitting the ground, and if Gale closed his eyes and concentrated, the sounds of a dozen nearby hearts beating out of sin. This city was no place for a veteran, a hunter who was use to the quiet rustle of bird creeping up a tree or the sound of guns being shot, inches from his ears. He had conquered the two extremes, but he was yet to deal with the even middle. And he especially couldn't deal with it, while suffering through a hangover "Hawthorne," A calm, careless voice greeted him as Gale pushed the office door open. "You got drunk last night," Gale didn't even think this was even worth answering to. But he had to keep his job, so he had to play nice with Kaleb Hiddson, his boss. He hated this, pretending to like someone so he could keep his job, a job that he didn't even honestly want, let alone like. It reminded him to much of the Capitol and how they played with the starving Districts. But he had to make sure his mother was comfortable and that his siblings had enough money to live on their own. "Yes," Gale said equally calmly. "But that shouldn't come as much of a surprise," His boss, the tall blonde that dimly reminded Gale of Cato, the District Two tribute shrugged. "It doesn't. It's still disappointing that I hired the worst drunk in town," "Then fire me," He said curtly, daring him too. A moment later he regretted opening his mouth. Hiddson might have let it go with anyone else, but he didn't like Gale in the slightest, and he knew Gale didn't like him. It would be just like him to do it. But he shouldn't have prodded him, everyone knew Gale Hawthorne was quick to anger. "If I could, I would have done it years ago, but I'm not cruel. Everyone knows this is the best job you can afford," Again, he was really tempted to tell the ass to shut up and clock him in, but apparently, bosses don't appreciate that. "I wouldn't put it like that," Gale said, pushing his way out the door, seeing no real point to this conversation. He wouldn't be fired Hiddson would tease him some more, but Gale