This is not what I wanted! Middle-earth. The beautiful fantasy world created by the great British writer John Ronald Reuel Tolkien, or Eru Ilúvatar as he was known in-story by the characters and peoples he had created. You would think that outside the typical battle of Good VS Evil, it would not happen so much in Arda. ...Right? Sadly, that is horribly wrong. While Arda was given life and love from loyal fans for a long time since their Creator's passing in the Earth-year 1973 a strange sickness had also started to plague Arda over the years. The male main characters from the Hobbit book and the Lord of the Rings trilogy, even from the Silmarillion, often had to be heavy guarded and hidden away from the outside world for their own safety or risk of suffering from insanity. The name of this sickness? Mary-Sues. Inhuman idealized fictional characters, young or low-ranked persons who tried to save the day through unrealistic abilities and often trying to marry the male heros of Arda. But what if a heavy dose of simple reality ensures and common sense were to cause lots of trouble for a Mary-Sue, along with indirectly saving her intended "prince charming" or husband - that is - her chosen victim of romance and Out-of-character? This, dear reader, is a such story. ~X~X~X~X~X~X Meet our heroine (AKA the chosen Mary-Sue for this story) Fifteen-year-old Gloria Sapphire Sakura was crying in her room. Why? Because once again, her horrible, horrible (actually, perfectly normal and hard-working) parents had been very disappointed in her academic performance at school. Why did they insist on that she had to study so much, when she was planning for her future wedding to Legolas and become Princess of Mirkwood? What use was mathematics, geography and languages when you was the smartest (ehm, actually worst) student in the whole school and planned to marry an Elf? On top of that, they had the nerve of saying that she spent far too much money on beauty articles! How could they say that, when she needed to look perfect in order to catch Legolas' love? And how could her mom say that she was too skinny for her age and tall height, when everyone knew that Elves hated short, fat girls (that is, girls with a good self-image and healthly body weight) who looked like a human version of those ugly Dwarves (the horror!) with all their repulsive body hair? Everyone knew that a Elvish princess has to be tall and slim like a super-model, with no visible body fat on her! "Why do I have to study so much?! And how can they claim that my horrible evil witch of a sister is far better than myself!?" she wailed as perfectly formed tears fell from her sapphire-blue eyes and pushed away her pale blonde hair in classical princess corkscrew curls with a hand that showed off her perfectly manicured fingernails. In reality, her two year older sister was a young woman with a good dose of common sense and far more mature view on life than Gloria Sapphire Sakura, planning for a perfectly normal life with work and eventually having a family of her own. While Gloria Sapphire Sakura was crazy about Legolas and how perfect he was as an Elf and all the other things with being the dream fantasy male of a fangirl who had been reading far too many romance stories about True Love (that is, slash fanfiction) while her sister's dream husband was "someone normal, hard-working guy" just like their dad and grandfather who might not be the most handsome men around but very down-to-earth and willing to work extra in order to give their children a better life than themselves. Also, another difference between the two sisters was that they both liked the works of Tolkien, but for very different reasons. While Gloria Sapphire Sakura spent most of her days online on Tumblr for new movie images or fanfiction stories of Legolas as the central character and was a feminist (often bashing poor Arwen for being a "useless" princess who had stayed behind in Imladris and thinking that Éowyn's romance with Faramir ruined her as a action girl), her sister insisted on saying that Tolkien simply was a man of his time when he wrote his famous stories and that modern-day views on action girls did not fit his work. "I can not stand anymore of this hell! I will head to Middle-earth, Legolas will love me for who I am, nothing like those monsters who calls themselves my family! They are not my true family, my real parents are a unknown royal couple of a kingdom that just is so far away from Mirkwood that it never has been seen on a map!" Gloria Sapphire Sakura dressed in her favorite purple dress with faked diamonds (a very revealing thing that actually would look best on a stripper and insulting any properly dressed princess), the belonging high-heels and finished with a heavy dose of make-up before adding several jewelry so it would be seen that she was a true princess. After starting the the Fellowship of the Ring-DVD so a portal would be open, she also took her bow with belonging arrows and swords. Thanks to pushing fowards, she was quicky at the scene where Legolas arrived in Imladris. "Legolas-honey, here I come to you, my true love!" And she jumped into the portal to Middle-earth, ignoring all the distress and pain she would cause her biological family by either be kidnapped from her room or running away by her selfish wish for True Love. In the end after several difficult years of slowly losing more and more hope of finding their youngest daughter alive, they would accept the bitter reality that she probably was dead since a long time back and held a private funeral where some of her personal possessions were buried in her place as her parents and sister had no body to bury. ~X~X~X~X~X~X There is several things that Mary-Sues seem to suffer from. Let's take them in order: Lesson nr 1. Landing in a random spot close to Imladris/the Shire/the travel path for the Fellowship without any sort of injury. Another cliché is that the Mary-Sue charm everyone she meets However, what Gloria Sapphire Sakura had failed to remember when she opened the one-way portal, was that not-so-small little thing called gravity. She fell pretty literally from the sky, and was so busy panicing that she did not notice that the ground far below her did not look like the northern part of Middle-earth. "OMG, OMG, OMG! I AM TOO YOUNG TO DIEEEEEEEE! LEGOLAS, SAVE MEEEEEEE!" Her fall came to a sudden end, in the shape of several raised tent cloths that have been set on tall wooden sticks to create shadow against the hot desert sun, which Gloria Sapphire Sakura ripped apart with her body, leaving body-shaped holes in them as she continued to fall downwards towards the ground. And landing softly in a huge pile of freshly washed laundry. Only that, many of the clothes flew into the dirty wash water as a result of her landing and the washing women got the same water tossed on them. "Ne oldu!?" "Bir şey gökten düştü!" The washing women got their answer quickly, as Gloria Sapphire Sakura rolled out from the laundry pile. She was dizzy from the fall, and was almost unconscious thanks to that her whole body was hurting after the sudden landing. Her powers as a Mary-Sue might had saved her from dying, but some reality had still managed to sneak inside. "Who...are...you? You do not...look like Elves…" However, the sound of her English, the poorly-chosen clothing and her whole appearance, were enough to send the washing women into panic. Blonde hair, blue eyes and pale skin was a sign of those demon people from the far north, those immortal ones who was said to slay a man like a shadow without being seen. Unlike what Gloria Sapphire Sakura foolishly believed, not all Second-borns in Middle-earth was fond of Elves. "Kuzeyden gelen bu şeytanların biri!" "Muhafızlar! Muhafızlar!" The horrified screaming of the washing women about a demon from the north as they ran out from the wash-house and not even fully dressed outside the hair-veils they had worn to protect their hair during work, drew the attention of the city guards. ~X~X~X~X~X~X Lessons for Mary-Sues, nr 2; Westron and other human languages in Middle-earth are NOT English. Also, your manner of dressing is far from likely to make someone fall in love with on the spot. Only now, when she tried to run away from the guards, did Gloria Sapphire Sakura realize her mistake in skipping PE classes at school. It did not take long, before she found out that high heels are not the best shoes to walk or run in, especially if they are new and have not been used before. Also, the street was not of cement or flat stones. It was cobbled stones, which complicated it even more for her to move without tripping over her own feet. "W-what is going on?! What are you doing with me? Let go!" Gloria Sapphire Sakura protested and tried to get free when several hands grabbed hold of her, but the city guards were quick in chaining her hands together and made a confiscation of her weapons. At seeing how she was dressed, a simple tunic was forced upon her because she, by the customs here in Rhun, was dressed in such a way that she either must be a sex worker who had escaped from a brothel somewhere in the city or a slave who had attempted to escape from being sold on the slave market. "Bir kız? O tüm bu kuzey şeytanların biri gibi görünmüyor…" Now Gloria Sapphire Sakura started to be angry. Was it nobody here who spoke English? Had she somehow landed in the Middle-East instead of Middle-earth? If that was true, it would be a hell to get to Middle-earth, as Gloria Sapphire Sakura seriously doubted that the Lord of the Rings-movies was as popular there. "Kızım yürü!" A harsh tug on the chain forced Gloria Sapphire Sakura to start walking. She was qickly brought to a older man, who was an expect on the different symbols for slave owners in the city. After allowing his own slave girls strip and examine Gloria Sapphire Sakura, he spoke: "Onu sahibinin kim söyleyebilir köle işareti bakın…" That changed the whole situation. If she was no escaped slave that a owner would miss, then it was allowed to sell her to a new owner as female slaves was far more likely to get in trouble in the streets by less than honest men. As Gloria Sapphire Sakura continued to protest loudly in English that she was an American citizen, and that they had no right to treat her like this, she was forced out from the room. ~X~X~X~X~X~X Lessons for Mary-Sues, nr 3: Check up customs and traditions at the place you plan to travel to. The Medieval Ages is a very different place than the 21th century. Also, try to find out who is in change, showing disrespect will only get you in deep trouble. After a humiliating waiting for a buyer at the slave market, where her powers as a Mary-Sue and notable thin body despite being gifted with an very well-formed bosom (a D-cup, despite that size logically being impossible with a such thin body) failed royally to charm nearly everyone of the buyers thanks to a very different beauty standard than back home in America, Gloria Sapphire Sakura was finally given away to a buyer who was the local ruler and brought into a house that was bigger than most of the other houses around. In fact, it actually looked like a palace straight out of Thousand and One Nights. "For the last time, I demands to be brought