A/N: Okay, I wrote this ages ago and thought I had posted it, so after another go through, proof-reading, I have put it up. I hope you enjoy it. BPOV My hands shook as I held the pregnancy test. My boyfriend of three years, Edward held my other hand and we stared at the clock in silence. We were both terrified, what with both of us only being seventeen. Edward was twelve days older than me and, on my seventeenth birthday, we had decided to take the next step in our relationship, as we both knew we were going to marry one another when we turned 21. The only problem was our protection failed. We didn't really think anything of it until I missed two periods and have recently been sick. So now we waited in silence to see if I was p...pregnant. Two minutes passed by slowly and we finally drew a deep breath and looked down at the wand. Positive. God, I'm pregnant. I'm pregnant . Before I began to full on panic, I thought Edward and I are having a baby! Then a grin spread across my face. "We're having a baby." I whispered. Edward began to smile, too, and he swept me into his arms and span me around. "We're having a baby, Bells!" He exclaimed and we laughed in joy. Sure, becoming parents is scary, but we're in it together, forever. After coming down from our high, I said "We'll need to tell Uncle Charlie and Carlisle and Esme." "Alice, Rose, Em and Jazz need to be told too." He said. "And my mother. She'll want to meet you." "I suppose I'll have to write a letter to my father." "And we'll have to inform the school." "We'll do that tomorrow, let's call a family meeting first. Then we can tell the Chief and my family at the same time." I smiled and nodded at his suggestion. "Shall we do it now, then? Best get it over with." He nodded and began calling everyone. I called Charlie and asked him to meet me at the Cullen's house. He told me he'd be there in ten. When everyone arrived, we sat them down and, gripping Edward's hand tight, said "We have news." The cheerful chatter faded and everyone focused on us. I squeezed Edward's hand, motioning him to talk. "Bella and I are...well, um, Bella's pregnant. We're going to be parents." We held our breath for an explosion, but none happened. Everyone merely blinked. "We thought you guys were virgins, not going to have sex until you were married." Emmett stated. I blushed and Edward growled "We were both waiting until we met the one we were going to marry. Bella's it for me. She's my forever." I looked at him and smiled softly. "Same goes for Edward in my case." Alice, Rose and Esme 'aww'ed and both Edward and I rolled our eyes. Charlie huffed then sighed. "I guess I always knew this was coming. You're too much like me: you meet your one early and then no one else will do. I can't complain, because it's what I did with my beautiful Elaine. Only I lost her and our baby, make sure that doesn't happen to you." He finished, talking directly to Edward. "Now, I suggest we go out and celebrate. Then I want to see you in my office tomorrow for a check-up." Carlisle said. Then it was like everyone broke from their state of shock because we were suddenly jumped on, receiving hugs and congratulations left, right and centre. We ate at La Bella Italia in Port Angeles and the slutty waitress kept shoving her tits in Edward's face. I eventually called her on it and then started an unusual (for Edward and me, anyway) PDA. Our family hooted and whistled, making me pull away, blushing. When we went our separate ways and I got home, Charlie turned to me and said "Have you told your mother yet?" "No. I was planning on emailing her. It'll give her more time to accept it and then the ball will be in her court by ways of contact." He nodded and ruffled my hair. I glared at him as he chuckled. I then rolled my eyes, told him goodnight and ran carefully to my room. I waited until I could hear Charlie's snores before calling Edward. 'Hello?' He said, answering his phone. "Edward, can you come over?" 'Sure, I'll come through the window.' "It'll be open. See you soon, love you." 'Love you too.' He replied before hanging up. He got there fifteen minutes later and I curled up into his side. He was running his fingers through my hair slowly and humming the lullaby he'd written for me. I sighed in contentment and said "If it's a girl, I want to name her Sophia Elizabeth Cullen." He stopped and said "A...are you sure?" I smiled at him and nodded "I'm positive. Your mom is such a big part of who you are. She raised you alone until you turned six, and she did an amazing job. I remember when you moved here and were adopted. Renee had just dumped me on Charlie, who was still grieving for Elaine and their unborn child. I never knew who my real dad was and you were in so much pain, having to watch your mom deteriorate. But you were strong enough to comfort me and accept Carlisle and Esme as your parents. "Edward, your mother raised you to be who you are. She gave you your passion for music and your large heart. It would be an honour to name our child after her." I wiped the tears that escaped his beautiful eyes and kissed his perfect lips. "I love you so much, Isabella Marie Swan. Would you marry me soon? Before our child is born?" I smiled and nodded in joy. "I'll bring your engagement ring to you tomorrow, then, and we can be married in two weeks." My heart soared. I would be Bella Cullen in two weeks! I kissed him passionately before snuggling down and falling slowly asleep. The next day, we told everyone we were engaged and began making the arrangements. Edward and I sent off emails to our respective absentee parents, not telling them of the wedding, just the baby. Neither of us wanted them there, anyway. Alice, Esme and Rosalie helped us plan the wedding and we were ready for the small ceremony. We also went to the hospital to get our first ultrasound. We were able to see the little spot that was our baby, and I whispered "If it's a boy, how about Kaiden Edward Cullen?" Edward's beaming smile was all the answer I needed and he smashed his lips to mine in a passionate kiss. "If that's the response I get every time, I may just have to do this more often." I smirked. "Please don't." Carlisle said from beside me, and I blushed, having not realised he was still in the room. For my hen night, I was embarrassed beyond belief when Rose and Alice gave me some really small, lacy underwear. My only friend outside the Cullens, Angela Webber, gave me some whipped cream and chocolate sauce and said with a blush "I hope you and Edward enjoy your wedding night." We stayed up until ten watching films before Alice sent me to bed. Luckily, she remembered to put on the CD Edward had made me for my sixteenth birthday. It played my lullaby, which meant that I was relaxed enough to sleep soundly. I was woke the next day to a hyperactive pixie bouncing on my bed. She shoved me into the shower and when I came out, dragged me to a chair and almost tied me down. Rose put my lullaby on and then began to give me a manicure. Angela gave me a pedicure, Alice worked on my makeup and Esme came and did my hair. At one point, Charlie entered and gave Esme the sapphire tiara that was Grandma Swan's. Eventually, they finished and Alice and Rose carefully slipped my dress on me. It was a cream, floor length gown with a sapphire blue sash and sapphire blue gems studded in a swirling pattern at the skirt's hem. It was absolutely beautiful and very me, I hugged Alice tight as she had chosen it – and kept it hidden from me. I was left alone without shoes as the others got changed and sorted, so I put on a Disney film. Angela was the first out, wearing a light blue dress that complemented her skin tone and hung mid-calf. The dress style flattered her figure and made her almost glow. Rose came out next in a darker blue dress. The style was the same as Angela's, as were the shoes. Both had the top half of their long hair tied in a complex braid, whilst the bottom half remained down, but had a slight curl to it. Last to step out was Alice, who was wearing a darker blue dress of the same style. Her short black hair was seemingly untouched, curling around her elven face, accenting her high cheekbones. The blue of her dress matched her eyes and her heels were identical to Rose and Angela's. In her hands she carried a pair of sapphire blue stilettos and she was smirking. "Something borrowed." She stated, waving the stilettos in my face. I sighed, conceding defeat, and slipped them on. "So I have something old, something blue and something borrowed. What's new?" They smirked and Rose said "'E' over 'h'." I rolled my eyes and Alice said with a snigger "Your sexy undies that we forced you into." I blushed and nodded, before caressing my belly. "I'm glad we're not doing this whilst I'm showing." The others rolled their eyes and then Esme came in. She'd snuck off after finishing my hair, but was back now, wearing a knee length rose coloured dress with a darker pink shawl and matching shoes. In her hands was a sapphire and silver necklace. "I wore this on my wedding day and would be honoured if you would wear it today." I felt tears well up and hugged her tight. She was more a mother to me than Renee, and Charlie and Carlisle were both more father to me than any man claiming to be my biological father and Phil (Renee's husband of nine years) put together. " I would be honoured." I said and tried to catch a tear before it fell. "Waterproof make up." Alice said with a knowing smirk. I rolled my eyes but let the tear fall as Esme fastened the necklace around my neck. Charlie came in as I hugged Esme again and I pulled away. "Wow..." He said softly "...you look so beautiful, Bells." I blushed and then we were leaving, climbing into the limo. The drive took five minutes and we were a short walk away from mine and Edward's meadow. There were fairy lights wrapped around the trees, following the newly-cleared trail. Music began to drift from the clearing and Angela smiled before setting off, a bouquet of white wild flowers from the meadow in her hands. Rose soon followed, also with white wild flowers. Alice followed next, with a mixture of white and blue wild flowers. Charlie offered his arm and I took it with a shaky "Don't let me fall." "Never." He said, holding me tight. I gripped my blue flowers and started to walk as Wagner's March began to play. When I got in sight of Edward, my fears faded and I began to breathe properly. Charlie placed my hand in Edward's and kissed my cheek. We then turned to Carlisle, who had the correct certificate to officiate at a wedding. During my wedding, I was mostly zoned out. I held my breath in fear as he asked if there was any reason why