A/N: I don't own Twilight, I simply play in this ballpool. I apologise if you find any non-American terms in here, I'm English and did my best, so deal. This is fluff, just a heads up :) AND PLEASE REVIEW ONCE YOU'VE READ IT! BPOV It was my first day at Forks High. I'm a seventeen year old Senior, and will be turning eighteen in exactly thirteen days – yay me (notice the sarcasm). I decided this summer to move in with my dad. It meant my mom could spend time with Phil, and not worry about me – not that she worried about me, but she wouldn't be with Phil when I was there, and they needed their 'alone time'. So, here I am in my ancient Chevy, trying to avoid curious looks. I head to the office, and the overweight ginger woman hands over my timetable and a sheet for my teachers to sign (yawn). I thank her politely and turn towards the door when I trip. I close my eyes and brace myself for impact when I stop, and my body is tingles. I draw a gasped breath and open my eyes. Holding me around my waist is the most gorgeous man I have ever laid eyes on. He looks too old to be a student, but too young to be a teacher, and his untamed bronze hair seems too informal for that of a teacher. My eyes flicker over his face, taking in his chiselled jaw, regal nose and beautiful lips. I consciously move my gaze from his lips to his eyes and let out a quiet gasp as the sparkling emeralds pierce through to my soul. I blush as I realise he was talking, his voice a smooth velvet. "Are you okay?" I blush and nod, unable to find my voice. He released his grip on me, and I immediately felt the loss. "Good, wouldn't want you to break something. I'm Mr Cullen, by the way." My blush deepens and I stutter "B...Bella Swan." He smiles a beautiful crooked smile at me, taking my breath away, before saying "Pleased to meet you, Miss Swan. I hope to see you around." With that, he vanished, heading towards the staff room. I sigh morosely and look at my timetable. 1: English – Mr F. Mason 2: Government – Mr K Jefferson 3: Spanish – Mrs H. Lopez 4: Trigonometry – Mr T. Varner 5: Lunch 6: Biology – Mr E. Cullen 7: Gym – Coach C. Clap Oh. My. Freaking. God! I have Mr E. Kiss-me-now Cullen as my freaking BIO teacher. As though my life can get any more difficult. I drew a fortifying breath before releasing all my tensions and heading off to English, determined not to think about the green-eyed Greek god for the rest of the day. All my lessons were boring – things I had already studied, and I welcomed lunch with open arms. I ignored the looks and grabbed an apple and water before sitting by myself in a corner. I pulled out a new book – The Fault in Our Stars by John Green, which is not my normal type of book, but we should try everything once, right!? Lunch passed surprisingly speedily, and suddenly the warning bell rang. I nervously made my way to the classroom, and walked to Mr Cullen's desk. He smiled his gorgeous crooked smile and indicated to me to grab a desk. There were four seats available: two near the front and two near the back. I was about to head to the back when a couple got there first. I sighed inwardly and took a seat – at least this way I could be closer to the delectable Mr Cullen * sigh*. "Right, class. As today is your first day back from the summer holidays, and I'm new, I think it would be best if we introduced ourselves, said one thing we enjoyed about our holiday and one thing we want to do after this year. Then I will explain your first assignment." A girl raised her hand and said in a tone that was attempting to be sultry " Sir , are you really our teacher? You look way too young." "I am old enough to have graduated college with firsts, so yes." He replied with a tight, annoyed tone before mentally shaking it off and saying "I'll start. As you are already aware, I'm Mr Cullen. I graduated this summer, and next year, I hope to have a teaching post at Bellevue Academy." I saw everyone's mouths gape and stifled a giggle. When I was four, I had been offered a place at BA, but Mom and Dad divorced before I could go, and Mom moved me to Phoenix where I was placed in the AP programme. "Miss Swan, why don't you go next?" The dulcet honey tones said, disrupting my thought process. I blushed and said "Um, my name's Bella. Um, my holiday was boring, and I guess I hope to be heading off to a good college to study English Lit." He nodded and indicated for the boy behind me to speak. I zoned out, choosing instead to stare at the Greek god. I have never felt this way before. It hurts to not look at him. I was so intent in my staring, I didn't realise everyone else were finished until he began to talk again. "Okay, well, your first assignment is a continuous one. It will last from today through to Easter break. That way, you are able to study after Easter break without having to worry about your bundles of joy." "Bundles of joy, sir ?" The annoying girl asked again. "Yes, Ms Mallory, bundles of joy. Now, I want you to turn and face the person sat beside you. Meet your new partner. They are both your lab partner and your partner for this assignment. Bella, I'll talk to you at the end." I practically melted in a puddle when he said my name. "Now, for the next week, you will be preparing to accept a child into your life. I will, next Monday, present you with your child. Anyone who does not take this seriously will fail this class. Life as a teenage parent is difficult. This assignment is to help you understand how much work you need to do at college, and also help you learn how to work harder in school. I will be checking the babies every Monday to ensure their condition, and to evaluate your progress. All your teachers are aware of this, and will also be giving me your grades and evaluations for their lessons." Everyone but me groaned, and Mr Cullen smirked. His smirk should be illegal. Heck, his lips should be illegal! I thought, feeling heat pool between my legs. I can't believe a teacher has me hot when no one has ever even interested me. The ringing of the bell shook me from my contemplation, and I waited for everyone to leave the classroom before approaching Mr Cullen. I tripped as I neared his desk, and braced, once more, for impact. I blinked in surprise when I didn't hit the floor, and, looking up, was once more captivated by the glittering emerald eyes of my teacher. "You know, Miss Swan, you really need a body guard, don't you." "Body guard?" I asked stupidly, dazzled by the amused twinkle in his vibrant, piercing eyes. "Yes, someone to guard your body...from yourself." He replied. As long as it's you I thought, blushing, but mumbled "Y...yes, I do tend to fall a lot." He smirked at me and said "Well, I wanted to talk to you about the assignment. As you are on your own, it won't be necessary for you to..." "I want to do it. No special treatment. I don't mind not getting full marks in my school work for the time I have it, as I already have enough points to get into Harvard, not that I want to go to Harvard, because I don't, I want to go to Seattle or somewhere else in Washington so I won't be too far from my dad as I rarely see him and I... I'm babbling so I'm just going to shut up now." I finished, biting my bottom lip. He chuckled, a beautiful smooth sound, and said "Well, I'm assuming you were on an AP programme." I nodded and he said "You do know that the seniors here are severely behind you?" I nodded once more. "Well, I could talk to the principle and ask him to get your teachers to set college level work." I smiled and nodded in relief "Please, I'm afraid all the lessons were boring today." He chuckled once more and said "Come with me, I'm not teaching now, so we can go talk to him straight away." He paused and said "What have you got now?" "Gym." I reply with a shudder and he chuckled. "Let's go. Maybe we can get you out of Gym." I followed him eagerly, taking in his graceful stride. He moved like a mountain lion, ever graceful, and slightly predator like. Beside him, I felt like a toddle just learning to walk. He was led straight to the principle after flashing Mrs Cope a winsome smile. I merely rolled my eyes and followed him silently. "Ah, Edward, what can I do for you?" Principal Green asked magnanimously. "Sir, this is Bella Swan. I was talking to her about my first assignment, when I found she'd been in the AP programme at her previous school, and she told me she has enough points to graduate and get into Harvard now." I blushed as he talked, and felt the principle's eyes rake over me with curiosity. "I was wondering if I could tutor her during her last lesson, and also if she could be set college level work in all her subjects, especially Lit." "Don't you have any classes during her last lesson?" He asked. "No. I have lesson 7 free every day. It was arranged thus, and is stated as part of my contract here." Was Mr Cullen's response. "Oh, yes, of course. Now, Miss Swan. I know what Edward's first assignment is, why were the two of you discussing your work?" "I have no lab partner, sir." I said quietly. "Mr Cullen asked if I wanted to do a different assignment instead, but I refused." I bit my lip and stared at my hands, trying to hold back a blush. I felt the two men survey me, and after a long wait, Principal Green said "Well, I believe that Miss Swan can have her 7th lesson for tutoring, and every Friday, she will miss her lessons in favour of tutoring younger students from Forks Elementary, and also other students here." I was confused, why did I have to tutor kids? That would get really awkward. He continued "Edward, you will be her tutor, as it may help with your application to BA, and you will spend at least half an hour with her a day. On Fridays, she will tutor one student from one of your classes before lunch, and also two students from Forks Elementary. I'll call over and inform them. Now, do either of you have any questions?" "Um, sir," I say quietly, "why do you want me to tutor students?" "Because, Miss Swan, you need to gain in confidence." was his resolute reply. I nod and he waves us from his room with a quick "Begin today, Edward. I'll inform Chief Swan and the Elementary School – they will pick the two students." We left the room and returned to Ed...Mr Cullen's classroom. "Well, Miss Swan, seems we're in this together. If you want to hand me your timetable, we'll see what subjects you're taking." I gave it to him in silence and waited for him to speak. "I think, if you just sit and