A/N: I don't own Twilight, I simply play in this ballpool. I apologise if you find any non-American terms in here, I'm English and did my best, so deal. This is fluff, just a heads up :) AND PLEASE REVIEW ONCE YOU'VE READ IT! EPOV The year was 1915, I'd just turned fourteen, and my parents, Edward Sr and Elizabeth Mason, were having a party tonight to introduce me to my betrothed. She was twelve, and we would wed on her fourteenth birthday. I really was not happy, but Mother was adamant, she and Renee Swan had been childhood best friends, and they agreed that the marriage would be a wonderful way to unite our families. However, all I know about the girl is that she's quiet, has brown hair and eyes, and is called Isabella Marie Swan. I was dressed up for the party, as forced by Mother, and I was becoming incredibly nervous: what if we hated each other at first sight? What if we didn't get along? I sat at my beautiful grand piano and began to play. The sweet music calmed me and then Mother appeared. "That was beautiful, Edward, but you must come now: the Swans are about to arrive." I nodded gravely and joined her at the door to greet my betrothed and her family. A tall man with brown hair and brown eyes entered first, with a woman with frizzy light brown hair and hazel green eyes. My parents greeted them, and they stepped aside to reveal a girl. She was breath-taking, her soft brown hair fell down her back in gentle curls, her warm brown eyes twinkled, and her pale skin seemed to glow in the evening sunlight. Her rosy lips were caught between white teeth, and her simple blue dress showed off her blossoming figure. She was truly beautiful, and I fell in love at first sight. I walked towards her in a daze and took her hand, bowing slightly as I placed a kiss on it. "It is an honour to meet you, Isabella." She blushed beautifully and said in a musical voice "B...Bella, please, and the honour is mine." I smiled and she blushed more. A cough reminded us we had an audience, so I gallantly offered my arm to the twelve year old beauty, and led her to the ball room of our large house. BPOV I sat grumpily in the carriage as Mother and Father explained, once more, the rules. I'd been forced into a dress by my maid, and I was extremely nervous and annoyed. I was twelve and already my parents had me betrothed. I only hope he is kind and does not mind that I prefer to read, play music and learn, rather than sit and sew. I was helped out of the carriage by my father, who then led Mother up the steps and to the house. I followed slowly, taking the time to compose my features into a mask of calm. I stood behind my parents as the Masons greeted them, and then my father stepped out of the way, revealing a gorgeous fourteen year old boy with untamed bronze hair and startling green eyes. He was already quite tall, and he was beautiful. He held himself tight, but looked caring and kind. As he moved towards me, my heart sped, and I realised that I was in love, love at first sight. I blushed as he kissed my hand and greeted me and then, when he smiled, my heart fluttered as fast as a kingfisher's wings, and my blush deepened. He took my arm and led me to the ball room. As he led me to a seat, I heard other guests begin to arrive. We, however, merely sat and stared at one another. "D...do you have any hobbies?" He asked me eventually. I drew a breath and decided to be honest with my future husband "I love reading, and music, and learning new things." I paused and said "And you?" "I play the piano, and love to read. Shakespeare is a personal favourite: I like the famous 'Romeo and Juliet', however my favourite play has to be 'Much ado about nothing'." "I find 'Much ado about nothing' very amusing, whereas 'Romeo and Juliet' is both sad, romantic and beautiful. It has to be my favourite Shakespearean play." "I find it a depressing play." He stated thoughtfully. "It is not depressing, it is beautiful and tragic. Imagine how much love they must have felt for one another if they decided they could not, would not live without each other. That strength of love is great, and stretches across time and space. That type of love is only felt once by every person." He smiled a gorgeous, crooked smile at me and said "Have you ever felt such a love?" "I'm beginning to." I reply in a whisper, blushing pink. "So am I." He stated as quietly. Our eyes met and we both blushed. We sat talking for longer, and then the music started, and he stood. "May I have this dance?" He asked with an outstretched hand. I bit my lip furiously and whispered "I can't dance." He smiled gently and replied "It is all in the leading." I returned his smile nervously and took his hand. He led me to the dance floor, and twirled me around. He then placed my hands in the correct position, and we began a slow waltz. I felt so safe in his arms that I didn't trip once. We danced, not listening to the music. It was as though we had our own music playing, a never ending gently melody. Eventually, my father cut in, and we danced one dance before leaving the dance floor. At the end of the night, Edward's and my fathers announced we were betrothed, to be married on my fourteenth birthday. I honestly could not wait. The two years passed slowly, and for the first, Edward came to live with my family in Wyoming. The second year was spent with me living with Edward and his parents in Chicago. In the two years we spent together, we grew closer and closer, and fell deeper and deeper in love. Edward quickly became my everything, and on the day of my fourteenth birthday, I was glowing with happiness, as I was finally able to wed my love. I walked down the aisle on my father's arm, and watched Edward's eyes light up as he saw me in my simple white dress. I wore his grandmother's engagement ring, and my grandmother's sapphire and silver tiara. In my hands were white roses, and my eyes shone with my love. I cried silently as I was announced as Mrs Edward Anthony Mason, and my husband kissed me for the second time. Our first kiss had been in secret, six months ago, however we had nearly been caught, and both felt too guilty to repeat the beautiful action until today. My Edward was perfect. We danced our first dance as a married couple before my father stole me. "I am so proud of you, Bells." He whispered. "You hold on to your man, and give me lots of grandchildren." He smiled weakly. I loved my father, and I smiled back and said "Of course, Papa. I love you." Then the dance was over, and Edward and I were cutting our cake. We then danced another couple of dances before leaving to consummate our marriage. EPOV It had been just under two years since I'd met my Bella, and I stood at the end of the aisle watching her glide down on her father's arm. She was an angel, my angel, and I loved her so much it hurt when we were apart. As we said our vows, I blinked back tears: I am a man, and therefore should not cry. Then we were announced as husband and wife, and I kissed her, I kissed my Bella, staking my claim for now and for all of eternity. We danced, and I watched her as she moved, my young bride seemed to be glowing like a star. Our dance was interrupted by her father, and I happily relinquished her, knowing she would always return to me. After tradition and a respectful amount of time was over, I pulled her away from the celebration, towards the room my parents had prepared for us. We smiled as I led the way, and although I had believed the consummation to become awkward, everything progressed naturally. I locked the doors and turned to my wife, capturing her lips in a sweet kiss that grew in passion. I fumbled with her dress, and she blushed prettily as she pulled my jacket and shirt off. Our night was heavenly, and we fell even further into love. My Bella was beautiful all over, and when we finally fell asleep, she was curled into my side, her head on my shoulder with her soft hair in gentle waves over the pillow. I sighed contentedly before drifting off to sleep beside her. It was that year, 1917, that we, the Americas, had joined the great war. Isabella constantly told me how glad she was that I was not of age, as she couldn't bear to lose me to the fighting, however, her father left, and in February, 1918, he was declared killed in action. My beautiful Bella grieved, and by May, her mother remarried, a widower named Philip O'Dwyer. They moved to Florida, and fell out of touch with Bella. My mother, father and I became her only family. And then, in the July, we found out Bella was pregnant. Our doctor, a Doctor Cullen confirmed it. We were ecstatic, and began to plan. We decided to name the child either Edward Alexander Charles, after my father, her father and me, or Elizabeth Marie Grace, after my mother and her two grandmothers. She grew and the baby flourished, and then the war ended in November. The Spanish Influenza, which had begun in March, was spreading. Doctor Cullen ordered Bella to remain indoors, and out of contact with the Influenza, and it worked, for two weeks. On November 27th, 1918, my father, Edward Alexander Mason Senior, was diagnosed with the Spanish Influenza. I remained with Bella as Mother stayed beside him. He died on December 1st, lasting a surprising four days. A week later, Mother was dead, and I was in hospital, dying, and leaving my beautiful Bella alone. Then, there was the unending, burning fire. I couldn't escape it. I didn't know what was happening. Was I in Hell? Was this my torture for leaving my Bella defenceless with a child on the way? Then, after so many eternities, it stopped, but the voices came. And then there was Carlisle, explaining what I had become, and why I could never return to my wife and child. He promised to watch over Isabella and our child until he was forced to move, and so I forced myself to remain in control, so he would never have to leave her. CPOV I had changed Edward, the intelligent young man whose love for his young, pregnant wife shone through the stars. I only changed him because of Elizabeth's pleas. Her familiar green eyes, so like her son's urged me, and I was selfish, longing for the company. I held Isabella as she wept, unable to leave the house for his funeral without endangering their twins – yes, twins, I could hear two heart beats in addition to Bella's. I quit at the hospital, and juggled my time between Edward and Bella, and in March, when Bella finally went into labour, I was at her side throughout, and was happy to present her with a son and daughter. The boy had Edward's bronze hair and Bella's brown eyes, and the girl had Bella's brown hair, and Edward's green eyes. As Bella no longer had any family to help her, she