Disclaimer, I own nothing. Prologue- there are no fairy tales. Haymitch's POV. 3 years after the 74th hunger games. Walking the corridors at night, I never sleep not without at least a mind and belly full of drink but forced sobriety installed by districts thirteen force me to deal with the horrors of my life. The painful memories of my past, of the past of the boy, the man I've fought alongside. Stopping at the old table, half burnt and collapsed on one side rooting around underneath coming up empty-handed. "Never thought I'd see the day when the capitol ran out of booze." lamenting to myself before a voice speaks up from out on the balcony. "It didn't, I just stole the last bottle." hearing the voice, sucking air in deeply as I turn to see him laying of a beach seat, sipping slowly from the bottle looking over what remained of the marble city. The smoke still glowing red with the embers of the fires, three weeks after the official end of the war. Sitting next to him, getting the bottle held out to me I take a sip, the liquid burning its usual path down the back of my throat. Nice. "Holding out on your dear old mentor. Honestly kid, I'd have thought Effie would have taught you enough about manners to-" "Your one to talk Haymitch Abernathy, manners would be for you to offer me a chair and a glass." Effie's piercing, chirpy capitol voice rings out in my ears, looking over my shoulder to see her walking her way towards us. The glass cracking beneath her slippers, though her look still shocks me from seeing her two days ago. Gone are the bright clothes, the ridiculous wigs, replaced by her image now. Soft white robe hiding her modesty, soft golden, brown locks flowing straight down to her mid back. Not bad, though a rough slap on the shoulder and a glare from the kid brings me back and reluctantly I hand the chair as well as the bottle over to her. "Not going to find a glass here sweetness, so from the bottle or nothing." more for me, now to find out how- but that line of though is stopped seeing Effie take a rather large gulp straight from the bottle. "For one night Haymitch, perhaps we can skip manners." "No complaining from me." the kid speaks up, taking the bottle from Effie and knocking back his own gulp like a seasoned pro though the drinking I know, like me has only started in the last day or so. I just sigh, nodding in defeat and take the last chair to the right of the kid, the three of us making a rather unique family. We just sit, a strange but comfortable silence taking over as we watch the sky change in colour, the wind the only sound throughout it all. Normally a bustling city never asleep, the capitol today and for some time will remain quiet, peaceful as the wounds of the war, of Snow and Coin are close and healed. As the sun peaks over the mountain tops of the capitol, shinning brightly and illuminating the room, the kid I finally take in his appearance, seeing him truly for the first time since he did it almost a week ago. Blond hair long and over due for a cut, wavy its' unruly self across the top of his, once brightly shinning blue eye's now cast in a grey sullen blue. Old and weary as he holds a new light to himself, one as a warrior of old from the stories before the dark days. That right there is Peeta Mellarks problem, he was born in the wrong era, being perfectly at home should he had been born in the time of myths and legends, having no problem in getting his fairy tale ending but here in the real world, in our time there is no fairy tale ending, nor winners or victors, hero's or legends. Or at least, until Peeta the wasn't but now though I'm truly convinced he is a hero I know he doesn't see himself as one but merely as one of us, a survivor. His badly cut up face, littered with small cuts and grazes but still strong. "What you thinking about, old man." the kids questions me, snapping me from looking at him as he swigs another gulp, passing it to me. !life..." taking the bottle, he lets a snort out. "overrated, the concept." he tells me dryly. "Hows the trial going, death sentence yet or they still working out the finer points of the phoenix's death?" spitting his own name out though the kid never liked it. "Doubt you'll get death, even though you did kill the president of thirteen I've some sources that say even they weren't happy with some of her rules after becoming president... guess even she was as bad as Snow." another snort and back to the silence, watching the city come quietly to life or the remains of life. Still only 630 in the morning when Effie gets up, holding her hand out to me. "I think it's time we headed back to bed Haymitch." nodding, I may bust her about her old self but Effie is the most... well for me she makes things livable and I'm happy for a change. Taking her hand I turn to Peeta, the bottle almost empty I don't want to leave him with his demons. I know all to well what that can lead to. "You going to be alright kid." "Yeah dad, I think I'll just sleep for a bit. The cold, fresh air always does me good." sifting and resting his head on his bent arm, his eye's close as Effie pulls me back to our room, back to our bed. We shared on for most of the war and I'll never admit to her but the past week, up till two days ago have been hard not having her there to fend off mine and her own demons. You can't go through what we did without doing some questionable things, things that would give even the most honourable man his own set of demons. Our love-making that morning is slow, never loosing eye contact as we familiarise our selves with each others, the curves of our bodies. Well hers. Our likes and dislikes what makes the walls around reality shatter and what brings us stronger together. Finally in late morning, well still early to most we fall asleep wrapped together underneath the covers. Shielded from the world that rest outside the door. Our rest from the world is sort lived as ten o'clock rolls around and a hammering on the door comes. Effie pushing me out of the bed, groaning as I pulled a robe on and opened the door to see Plutarch standing there, two peacekeepers next to him and four behind him Peeta sitting on the coach rubbing the sleep from his face. "What are you doing here?" I question him, glaring at him as the bathroom door closes, knowing Effie to have gotten up. "They are coming to an end of the trail, before that they want to speak with the phoenix-" "Peeta, my name is Peeta bloody Mellark! how many times do I need to fucking say it!" the boy yells in frustration, though I clearly see the guards shift and clutch the guns tighter but I strongly believe Peeta, should he want would be able to kill them all before they even figured out something was wrong. The same with this room, the boy doesn't have much fight left in him but it wouldn't take much for him to leave. He's been here basically on his own free will, his choice. "That is your name but to the world you became the phoenix and most people still see you as that. We've done a hell of a job, called forth many people to testify about you but-" "But they want to see if I'm truly a nut case?" he finishes for Plutarch how shifts from foot to foot uneasily. "i can answer you that-" "No kid save it for the court, we'll be ready in 30 minutes or less, wait outside the room... with your thugs." he looks at me, breathing deeply. "For fucks sake, apart from throwing ourselves from the building there is no way to escape, Now leave!" I yell and quickly they do, Effie having heard most of it, returns to get dressed while I move to speak with Peeta. "So whats the plan?" "Isn't that your job, mentor." I smirk, shaking my head because for once I'm at a loss and the feeling is new to me but Effie's voice comes through to us both. "tell them the truth, tell them what it means to be you Peeta, to be a victor, to be the phoenix." Peeta regards Effie a minute before stepping up and hugging her like a child would a mother. Effie shocked at first returns the hug and we leave the apartment after another ten minutes. Ready to face the world, hopefully for the last time. -court room- uneasily I shift, sitting in the front row and watch as Peeta stands in the centre of the court room, the jury members, judges and president-elect coming into the room and sitting. Shuffling through papers before addressing Peeta. "Please state your name for the records." "Peeta Mellark, District Twelve. The phoenix." "Now phoenix-" he stops them by holding a hand up. "My name as stated is Peeta Mellark, so please address me as Peeta or Mr Mellark." the president-elect, Paylor regards him carefully before nodding to the clerk who continues. "Very well, Mr Mellark. This court is in session to asses your actions that lead to the death of Alma Coin, ex-President of District Thirteen." "You brought me here to asses what kind of threat I am to you president, you may hide it behind the death of Coin which by right should be called murder because that's what I did and would do again. You sit up there in that chair, as she did thinking the same what will it take to control me but as we can tell by Coin's body laying on a cold slab the answer is nothing. We all know what Coin was capable of and we know that sooner or later a second rebellion would have started one that would see no winner." the president leans forward I her chair but says nothing as Peeta continues. "I've been told that people in here have been talking about what kind of person I am, what lead me to my actions but for all of you thinking you know me, or have an in-depth knowledge of me your all wrong because the main people who know what it's like to be me where never called to the stage." taking a step forward towards the president. "You refused to call the other victors to the stage because in the end they're the only ones that have any idea as to what I've done, why and how but I can tell you." he breathes deeply, collecting his thoughts before addressing everyone. "My name is Peeta Mellark of District Twelve, survivor of two Hunger games and Capitol torture. Survivor of Snow and Coin. You all stand there believing to know because you endured the war to what I've been through but you know nothing. You don't know how it feels to know that the girl you love ran off with another man, that because of you, you had to watch your father die in-front of you, watch your family be destroyed and ripped apart piece by piece as the quiet life they had it turned upside down. You know nothing of the guilt I have, that my actions drove Snow to create the Victors game, placing everyone who had survived that hell