TITLE: Guts and Glory PAIRING/S: Cato/Katniss RATING: T ADDITIONAL NOTES: This is going to be a bunch of one-shots spanning all three books (hopefully)! There will be more comments at the bottom. Oh and enjoy! :D SUMMARY: They were both contenders, fighting to win. Trained and prepared to kill their way out of the Arena. But what they didn't expect was to meet the other, and how it would change everything. AU DISCLAIMER: The Hunger Games series and all of its characters and themes belong to Suzanne Collins. OPENING CEREMONY As soon as he had stepped off the train platform, Cato was overwhelmed by the flashes of cameras and whooping of the colourful Capitol citizens. They were painted in all colours of the rainbow and were outfitted in garish costumes and twinkling jewels. And they were all flocking to him. Everywhere he looked there was someone screaming and cheering and trying to touch him. He growled at one of the men who tugged on his sleeve and batted away the hand of another vapid woman. It was only the clearing of Effie's throat that forced a smile onto his face, though it was more of a grimace. Looking to his right, he saw Maya, his fellow tribute cowering behind Haymitch. His mentor pushed through the crowds as peacekeepers tried to forge a path into the Training Centre, where the tributes would remain for the duration of their short stay in the Capitol before they were sent to the Arena. Cato followed him into the building and down to Beauty Base Zero, where the tributes would be prepared for the Opening Ceremony. He found himself standing in a room full of an assortment of beauty products and his strange prep team stripping him and fretting over him- and his body. "Oh my, look at his skin! It's so dirty." "His hair is a travesty, all tangled and knotted!" "His nails are caked with coal dust, how filthy!" They all chirped in their Capitol accents, gasping in horror. In the prep team there was Venia, with her aqua hair and tattoos; Flavius with his orange corkscrew curls and bold purple lipstick; and Octavia, her skin died a pale shade of pea green that was very unflattering. "Oh don't you worry dear," Octavia cooed, "we'll get rid of this body hair in no time." And that was how Cato spent the next three hours. He had to clench his fists and bite his cheek to keep from cursing at the lot of them, as they ripped off his body hair with painful jerks. He wanted to shout and bellow and protest at their ignorance as they chattered on about the Games and festivities, but stayed silent as per Haymitch's instruction. Though, he did internally curse his mentor. When they were finally done they scrubbed his body and applied various frothy creams and lotions, leaving his skin pink and still stinging, as they cooed over his physique. After another half an hour, his hair was washed clean and detangled and his nails were shaped and buffed, the coal dust having been scraped off. He thanked them through gritted teeth, annoyed at their presence but still aware that they were helping him. "You're very welcome," Venia trilled. "You look divine." "It's true," Flavius cut in. "You look almost human now." Absentmindedly, Cato wondered what did look completely human to Flavius. Whatever it was, he was glad he wasn't it, judging by the Capitol's fashions. "You're ready for Cinna now; he'll make you look much more handsome." Venia smiled at him as the three of them shuffled out the door. He stood there bare, resisting the urge to wrap himself in a nearby robe. A man walked into the room, and he looked strangely normal for a Capitolite, with plain black clothes, tan skin, and brown hair. He had no tattoos or piercings or alterations, only some gold eyeliner to highlight the golden flecks in his green eyes. "Hello Cato," he greeted, "I'm Cinna your stylist, and I'll be just a second, okay?" Cato nodded, and Cinna walked around him, his eyes studying his body and writing down his measurements on the chart in his hand. "Okay, you can put on a robe and we'll talk." Cinna said. Cato complied, shrugging on a crimson robe and following the older man into another room, filled with plush sofas and a large window overlooking the bustling streets of the Capitol. Cinna pressed a button on the table in front of him and two steaming bowls were opened up in front of them. They were filled with a thick creamy soup that was dotted with baby mushrooms. Cato took a sip and found it was delicious, much like the food on the train. "How despicable we must seem to you." Cinna said, staring intently at Cato. Puzzled, Cato frowned at him. "Never mind." The green eyed man waved away his words. There was a small pause until Cato asked, "are you new? I haven't seen you before." "Indeed I am," Cinna replied. "So they gave you District 12," the blond deadpanned. Of course a new stylist would be chosen to represent the coal mining district. It was the poorest of the poor and nobody else would want the job. "I asked for District 12," Cinna smirked. Cato wondered why anyone would want his district. They hardly ever produced Victors and of the two they had, one was dead while the other was a recluse and perpetual drunk. He could see a myriad of sad emotions in the other man's expression and decided he didn't want to know the answer. "So, for the Ceremony, I am going to help you make a lasting impression for the sponsors." Cinna said. "And how are you going to manage that?" Cato asked sarcastically. For the Opening Ceremony, the tributes are clothed in an outfit representing their District's contribution to the Capitol. It was a great way to catch the eye of the sponsors and become a serious contender for the Games. However, being a district specialising in coal mining, District 12 tributes were lucky if they were fully covered. They never had good costumes and so, never won many, if any, sponsors. Cinna's eyes shone in anticipation. "Well, what do you do with coal?" His voice was hushed, as though he were letting Cato in on some big secret. "You burn it." Cato had the fleeting thought that Cinna's calm demeanour masked a complete mad man before he was whisked away. ::: The next thing he knew, Cato found himself standing in the atrium filled with the horses that would cart the tributes around the Capitol streets and then finally to President Snow's mansion. He wondered whether he would actually make it to the Arena, or be roasted by the time he made it to Snow's mansion. He amused himself with the screams his burning alive would induce from the crowds; he'd bet that most of them had never seen someone dies so gruesomely live, while they still had the audacity to cheer children on to tear other to pieces on screens. Cinna had said he was to be 'Cato Hadley, the boy on fire.' Cato was covered head to toe in a black suit that showed off his defined muscles. He wore a cape and matching headdress in ribbons of red, orange and yellow, with sparkling silver accents. Despite Cinna's reassurances, Cato would have rather gone with the coal dust. He was no fool though; he knew he was handsome, and the costume and subtle makeup that highlighted the contours of his face (no matter how much he had protested against its use) served to make him even more attractive. He had caught the eye of many of the women bustling about in the atrium and if he weren't in a foul mood he might've winked or smirked at a few of them. This proved how uneasy he was. No matter how bad his mood was, Cato would always have the energy to smirk. Well, mostly. Regardless, he stood next to a sleek pair of black horses attached, via a fancy rope, to a carriage of the same colour, bearing the number 12 in an array of golden swirls and curves. The girl tribute, Maya, arrived, trailing in behind her stylist. She was dressed in the same garb as him. He looked around, seeing the other tributes standing with their mentors. Cinna was off to the side, now talking to Maya's stylist. Cato wondered where Haymitch was and felt a flash of anger at the man. He was probably unconscious, lying in his own drunken vomit. Cato caught the eye of a girl tribute standing next to a hulking man. She was beautiful, with her chocolate tresses and silver eyes. She wore golden armour, with plating hugging her chest, waist and hips, a short skirt showcasing her long legs and strands of sparkling gold chains woven into her hair. She would certainly be as popular as Finnick Odair. She watched him watch her, her searching eyes making him uncomfortable. There was nothing suggestive in her gaze; she was merely taking him in, his movements, his expressions, reading him like an open book. He scowled at her but she merely flashed him a predatory grin, bearing wicked sharp teeth and turned back to her mentor. It was then that he recognised her as the eager District 2 girl from the reaping. He shook his head to clear his mind. She was a Career, and she wouldn't hesitate to slice him to pieces. Careers were, after all, the Capitol's lap dogs. He heard shuffling behind and spun around to see Maya fiddling with her hands nervously. "What do you think," her voice wavered, "about the fire?" Cato shrugged. "It's crazy. But there's nothing we can do about it." He face flushed red. "Where's Haymitch? Shouldn't he be trying to keep us alive?" "Probably stumbling around drunk, or lying in his own vomit." He scowled. He never should have counted on the old drunk to actually mentor them. If anything, Maya became more panicked. "But," she squeaked. "He-he promised, he said he would stay sober. He has to help us!" Cato bitterly chuckled, "he's an old drunk, Sweetheart. You shouldn't trust everything he says." His voice held a touch of malice, which had the girl taking a step back. Her face was red and her lips trembled. She was manic and she was afraid. And Cato could only find himself disgusted by her, as he saw some tributes glance at them. She was in the Hunger Games; she couldn't start bawling because her lazy excuse of a mentor wasn't around. He saw Maya look up and spot the District 1 tributes watching them amusedly. The blonde girl was giggling, murmuring something that sent the boy throwing his head back in arrogant laughter. She shot Maya a faux pout and pretended to wipe away tears mockingly, ending her performance with a bitchy smile. Maya's face turned white as a sheet and she quickly ducked down, sniffling, with tears falling. Cato sighed, frustrated. The girl was already making them a target to the Careers. They would feed off of her weakness, smell it and use it to hunt her down. Then they would revel in it as they killed her slowly. And they would do the same to him. Unbidden, his eyes wandered to the District 2 girl, who was standing next to the boy tribute. The brunette was watching them again, but rather than laughing like her counterpart, she had an unreadable look on her face, she almost looked bored. She raised her eyebrow in slight amusement, as her mentor said something. Cato stepped close to Maya, hovering over her intimidatingly and hearing her breath hitch. She was another of the many girls who thought he was incredibly attractive. But he didn't care, he was annoyed and he could tell as she flinched away that she