I wrote this story for the Hobbit Remix Challenge at "A Conspiracy". It is a remix of the story "When the King Comes Back (the Great Smials) by Dreamflower. This is my version of Pippin's homecoming after the great war. Beta'd by Danachan and Larner. " When the King Came Back" Eglantine sat quietly on the bed in Pippin's room. She ran her free hand across the bedspread smoothing it before turning her attention back to the stunning bracelet she clasped gently in her other hand. Raising it to her eyes she drank in its beauty and touched each of the four charms in turn. Her fingers lingered upon the tiny silver falcon that represented her son and she stroked it lovingly, almost reverently, as her eyes lost focus. Her thoughts turned unbidden back to that fateful day when they had discovered Pippin had gone missing along with his cousins. She shivered in memory of the shock she had felt; shock that soon turned into alarm and from alarm to sheer terror as the days began to pass with no further word save the scribbled note from Merry that Saradoc had shared with them. Eglantine died a thousand deaths that first week, the waiting and the wondering almost too much for her heart to bear. Her husband had despaired along beside her, but bore their loss more stoically. It wasn't until much later that she'd learned of the visions he had experienced throughout the entire time Pippin was gone. Although it had continued to convince him that his son was alive, the vivid images had also frightened him witless. When he finally told her about what he'd seen she had collapsed in his arms and berated him soundly through her tears for not saying anything sooner. The stricken look on his face and his muttered explanations were enough to convince her that at those times the Sight had been more a curse than a gift. And then, as if in answer to desperate prayers breathed into the dark on a nightly, sometimes hourly basis, she'd opened the door last evening and found Pippin standing on the threshold. Her shrieks of pure joy had brought the entire population of the huge smial, Tooks of every age and size, running. Eglantine's smile broadened, recalling the way Pippin had stood back looking down at her with that familiar cheeky grin and inquired what was for supper? The fact he was regarding her from a height greater than a year ago registered immediately, as it would in any mother's mind, but for the moment she was too stunned to ask how it could be so. Quickly recovering from her shock, Eglantine had thrown her arms around his neck where he stood at the door and cried out her relief. "Pippin! Oh, my! You're home, you're safe! Oh, where have you been for all this time, lad? And where is Merry? And Frodo? Oh my, why ever did you leave without a word to anyone? Where have you been all this time----?" Pippin hugged her tightly and then gently untangled her arms from his neck and spoke urgently. "Mum, they're back too, and safe. But where is Da? I don't have time at the moment to answer all your questions." Just then, Paladin arrived with all of Pippin's sisters, each one asking questions at the same time. Father and son's eyes met and for a moment neither of them moved. Pippin watched the odd mixture of emotions play across his father's face and held his breath, his worry turning to delight when his father had at last enfolded him in his arms and welcomed him home. Their reunion was short-lived and Pippin hastily explained what they had discovered in Bywater upon their arrival. "Da, I need Tooks, as many as we can gather, and fast! We need to leave as soon as possible. The ruffians have underestimated us but we're going to change their minds, and soon. Merry is waiting for me to return with help." "What, leave? But you've only just arrived," Eglantine protested. The urgency in his son's plea prompted Paladin to put aside his anger and his questions for the time being and he nodded his head in understanding. "We can likely have all the Took archers within the Smials themselves ready within the hour. We could get more from Tuckborough but it will take a bit longer." "There is no time. I must leave right away with all those who can accompany me." Eglantine listened to the two of them talk, their plans registering in her mind in a distant way. She hesitantly touched the strange clothing Pippin wore, tracing her fingers along the embroidered white tree on his breast. "What is this Pippin? And what's this ?" Eglantine pointed to the sword at his waist, raising an eyebrow in concern. "A sword!" "I am a knight of Gondor now, and the king's messenger. Mum, I'll explain everything later," Pippin reassured her as he turned back to his father. After they shared a few more quiet words Pippin sat down to a hasty meal while Paladin hurried to make the requested arrangements. After giving his mother and sisters hurried kisses and goodbyes, and taking leave of his father, Pippin rode away at the head of the rally, leading the Tooks back to Bywater. Paladin watched him leave without saying a word, bemused at the sight. But Eglantine knew that when Pippin returned her husband would have a great deal to say. Paladin was still very angry at Pippin for the manner in which he had left. The seemingly unconcerned departure without a word to any of them had festered in her husband's heart alongside his worry. She also realized he'd relied on his anger in part to sustain him through his anguish and fear. Eglantine had actually held a painful breath for one agonizing moment when father and son's eyes met for the first time. She had watched the colour drain from Paladin's face as if he were seeing a ghost; a myriad of conflicting emotions had marched across his weary features as he searched helplessly for words. For a split second Eglantine was uncertain if her husband would hug their son or slap him soundly across the face. Finally with a groan that was half joy and half exasperation, he had folded his son into his strong arms and allowed the tears to flow unashamed. Two days later Pippin was again back and presenting his family with the gifts he had purchased in Minas Tirith, rebuffing all attempts to get him to rest first, even opting for a walk rather than a nap, to the dismay of his parents. The dark circles under his eyes were even more apparent than they were during his earlier brief appearance, and Eglantine fretted all the more when she noticed how pale and thin he had become. The gifts had certainly been magnificent though, without a doubt. An elaborate gold pocket watch engraved with the Took family crest had summoned that same multitude of conflict on her husband's face as when he had first laid eyes upon his son at the door. The lovely earrings Pippin had presented to his sisters represented the flowers or jewel they were named for and had brought tears to his sisters' and his mother's eyes. But it had been her bracelet that took their breath away. An exquisite charm represented each of her four children. But the tiny peregrine falcon, it's wings and talons outstretched in flight, had brought Eglantine to tears. She caressed the figure again relishing in her heart all that it represented to her. She pulled her thoughts back to the present when she heard her husband's voice speak softly behind her. "Eglantine?" "Aye, Pad," she answered without turning. Her free hand smoothed the bedspread again. Paladin smiled at the item in her hand and reached out one finger to touch it gently as he laid his other hand on her shoulder and then gave a glance at the bed itself. "He needs a new bed." He nodded at the footboard behind her and chuckled. "Obviously he's too tall to fit in it now. And how in sweet Middle-earth that happened I'd still like to be knowing!" Eglantine patted the hand that rested on her shoulder. "We'll know soon enough my love. He's going to be telling us everything soon." Paladin sighed and sat opposite her on the bed. He took her hands in his. "Yes indeed. I want to hear it all. I must hear it. I've waited so long." " We've waited," she corrected him. Paladin nodded once and stood to pace the room. "But I wonder if it will be good for you to hear the whole thing? It will not be an easy tale to listen to, of that I'm certain." "Or an easy one for our son to tell. Nevertheless, I will be hearing it and every other blessed detail and there'll be naught stopping me from it. You hear?" "Yes ma'am," he sighed, a wry smile on his face. "Far be it for me to hinder a mother hearing whatever her son has to tell his family, in whole or in part." "Well, and it'll be in whole I'll wager, or I'll be knowing why," she declared, and then chuckled at her husband's expression of amusement. "Oh Pad. It feels so good to laugh freely again with our boy home safe and sound." Paladin resumed his restless pacing abruptly and she looked up in alarm. "What is it?" He paused in front of her and knelt, placing both hands on her shoulders. "My love. Our son was injured in battle, you know this already, yes?" Eglantine nodded mutely, unsure if she wanted to hear more as she gazed into her husband's green eyes, so like her son's. "We know very little of it though. He's only barely mentioned it in passing, and then only because he was obviously in pain." "That's right. We still don't know the full extent of his injuries. Such things are bound to leave scars, both physical and emotional, and it may be something that he will find difficult to discuss. I'm speaking of the manner in which he received his injuries. "'Tis not a pretty picture, of that I'm certain. It may hurt you a great deal to hear the tale of his wounding." "Aye," she whispered. "I am aware of that, Pad. How grievous his hurt we know not, as of yet. But we will. And then we can help him heal. The important thing is he's home and safe. As are dear Merry and Frodo." Paladin sighed heavily and stood, crossing to the window. He rested his elbows on the sill and gazed out over the green hills. Several moments passed before he spoke again, and his tone had grown irritable. "Where is he? He was supposed to come back in and take some rest before meeting with the family tonight." Paladin pounded his fist down on the windowsill, his frustration with the situation all too evident. "Still doing just as he pleases, I see, and not giving any consideration to the fact that we're standing here waiting for him." Paladin glanced over his shoulder at his wife, his eyes sparkling. "Perhaps I should remind him he's yet to come of age, and he still answers to us in spite of all his newfound independence!" "Now Pad." "Don't 'Now Pad' me Tina! He's still my tweenaged son." "Yes, and you're still his father. A father who's upset over what his son did a year ago, and who's waiting for an answer to all his questions. And you've a right to those answers, dear." She rose and went to stand behind him, laying her hand on his shoulder. "But we have to give him his due respect. Like it or not, he isn't the same lad who left here last year." "I do