10 Turning Points Chapter One " Out of the Shadows" A/N:Pippin is nearly twenty-four in Hobbit years, approximately fifteen in Man-years. The first three chapters of this story have been rewritten, with a few major alterations and a small shift in its focus. However, the premise remains the same. Pippin is experiencing visions, oddly vivid dreams, and precognition, and recalls his father talking about something called the "Tookish Sight". Unsure of what is happening to him, and fearing it, he begins a journey of self-exploration seeking answers to his questions. He is also entering puberty and encountering a myriad of mixed emotions, erratic moods, and confusion over the numerous changes in his body and his thoughts. The journey promises to reveal a portion of his future as well as an understanding of his past. ******** Smoke…there was smoke. And fire. He struggled to escape but couldn't make his feet move. Indeed, he felt as rooted to the ground upon which he stood as the great old oak tree in the back pasture. And in a strange way, just as ancient. Ahead, eerie shadows danced barely within his field of vision, painting a picture of dark horror and deceit. He knew someone was there, hidden in the darkness. Waiting. He was utterly helpless, and exposed. He was a captive with no hope of breaking free. A scream rang out, long and terrifying, as a huge burst of flame flashed in front of his eyes... Pippin jerked awake, scrambling upright in his bed as a great clap of thunder resounded and a piercing arrow of light split the night sky. The sweat, moist upon his body, chilled him as he felt it trail down his back. Raising one shaking hand to wipe his brow he cringed as another bolt fled across the inky horizon. Heart pounding in his chest, he tried to calm himself by drawing several deep breaths and releasing them slowly. The night grew eerily still. Struggling with his shattered nerves he peered into the darkness, listening…waiting. He cringed and yanked the blanket up over his head as a sudden, brilliant flare danced across the sky, accompanied by another explosion of thunder. He huddled beneath the covers quaking, feeling as if the melee was forcing its way directly through him, piercing him with a surreal, yet physical pain. Disdainful of her young master's thrashing about, Lily gracefully leaped off the foot of the bed. Tossing a look over her shoulder, the pure white cat padded soundlessly to the door that had been left ajar and used her paw to open it wider. She slithered through the crack and was gone. He had always hated thunderstorms, but for some reason he was more frightened than usual tonight. He briefly considered creeping into bed with his parents, but dismissed the thought immediately. After all, he was now a lad of almost twenty-four years. If his sisters found out they would tease him unmercifully. Gradually, the night grew still as the storm moved away at last, its deep rumbling fainter as the minutes passed. Pippin breathed out his relief as he listened in the darkness, willing the storm to pass completely. The hammering of his heart slowed, and he pressed his hand against his chest, closing his eyes. His fear of the storm subsided finally, but his thoughts then turned unbidden to his dream. Pippin shuddered. He didn't want to think about it, but the memory clung to him like the musty odour of moss on a damp tree. He frowned at his own analogy. He thought he could actually smell the earthy scent. Sighing in defeat, he sat up and threw the blankets off. There would be no more sleep this night. ****** The Harvest Festival was always great fun. It was filled with food and laughter, music and dancing, and deliciously frightening story telling. Pippin chuckled in the warmth of the sunshine while he watched his cousins and other family members preparing for the party. Tonight the farmhouse would be filled with merry-making guests, both young and old, as they celebrated both the Harvest and an important Turning Point that marked the beginning of a new season. He looked up when he heard his name. "Well, don't just stand there! Come and help me, Pip." Merry gestured impatiently in his young cousin's direction before turning back to the ladder and scurrying up. "Hand me those one by one," he directed. Pippin hurried over and snatched up an armful of the colourful decorations and stood on the bottom rung handing them up as they were called for. Merry continued stringing them onto the rope attached to the low hanging tree branches. After they were finished they stood back to admire their handiwork. "I like the paper lanterns," Pippin exclaimed. "Did you make those?" Merry nodded. "My mother helped me with them last night." He pointed at the farmyard and grinned. "They'll make everything appear suitably eerie tonight. Perfect for the story telling." Merry winked at him conspiratorially. "And I've the perfect frightening tale." Pippin chuckled and nodded, but a chill went through him. The mood of last night's dream persisted like the last stubborn cloud on a sunny day and he mentally pushed the thoughts away. He was determined to have a good time tonight. "Hullo, Merry, Pippin!" Frodo called and waved as he pulled a waggon load of partygoers up near them. Pippin's eyes lit up with excitement and he ran over to join them, Merry at his heels. Sam and his young sister Marigold sat next to Frodo. Sam had been pleased beyond words to be included and equally surprised that his father had agreed they could go. He smiled shyly at them. "Hullo Sam! Hullo Marigold!" Pippin bounced up and down on his toes as he greeted them. "We're going to have dancing in the barn tonight! And a treasure hunt!" Sam smiled at the youngster's enthusiasm as he helped his sister down. Pippin fell quiet for a few moments and his head drooped while he eyed Marigold bashfully from beneath his long lashes. He recovered quickly and started chattering on about everything from the plans for the party games to the food on the menu. Sam listened politely while his sister's face lit up with delight. Frodo observed the scene feeling somewhat bemused. Pippin's chatter was quick; his mood was cheerful as always and his eyes were bright and eager. And yet…something nudged at the back of the elder hobbit's mind as his young cousin scampered around asking them questions and tugging on Frodo's shirtsleeve, while offering an opinion about everything. Something felt just a bit off, but Frodo couldn't quite put a finger on the source of his disquiet. Before he could query Pippin about anything Freddie Bolger arrived behind him bringing his sister and more guests to the celebration. "We'll talk more later, yes?" Frodo patted his young cousin on the shoulder. Pippin nodded vigorously in agreement. He ran back to where Merry was now having a rousing discussion with one of the other lads about his superior ability to dunk for apples. Pippin snorted, his dark mood lifting at last and offered his own view on that. ****** Laughter erupted from some of the adults gathered by the huge bonfire as another humorous story came to a conclusion. This one involved a very young Paladin, Milo Chubb, and several Brandybuck cousins. Instead of going fishing, as they had told their parents, they had stolen a rowboat from the riverbank and the lot of them had gone for a dangerous joyride on the Brandywine River. Later, Paladin had tried to soften the reasoning for his mischievous adventure by telling his father the others had insisted he accompany them. And since he'd suffered the humiliation of getting seasick and vomiting over the side of the boat, then having to endure the jeers from his cousins at his lack of tolerance for the swaying boat, he should be excluded from any punishment the rest of them would face. "Right, Pad!" Milo Chubb raised his drink to his cousin and winked at the others. "And of course, old Adalgrim was in a great hurry to believe that bit of reasoning, eh?" Paladin joined in the laughter as Milo clapped him on the back. A short distance from the storytelling adults a group of children congregated under the decorative lanterns to start their treasure hunt. Frodo and Freddy were in charge of this activity and were busy passing out the lists to the younger ones, who were pairing up to begin. Frodo handed the last one to Sam, who raised his brow quizzically. "Now Sam," Frodo held up a hand to stop the protest before it started. "You must join in the fun too." "I'd be more comfortable in helping you to oversee it, Mr Frodo," Sam mumbled. "Let the little ones have the fun of finding the treasures." "Well, I'm not a little one and I intend to play." Merry drew himself up to his full height, grinning at Estella Bolger. "And I already have a partner." Pippin's face fell at his cousin's words. He hadn't thought Merry would choose a lass over him as a partner for the game. Now he didn't have anyone to play with because he'd assumed he would go with Merry. Frodo noticed the situation and thought quickly. "Who doesn't have a partner yet?" Marigold stepped forward. Pippin stared at her, tongue-tied. Sam frowned. Frodo chuckled underneath his breath. What was that old saying about getting two birds with one stone? He smiled at them and gestured. "All right, we'll have one set of three then. Sam, you'll help these two find their way, won't you?" Sam darted a glance at Rosie Cotton where she stood talking with her brothers underneath the crab apple tree, and sighed softly. Bobbing his head up and down he forced a smile and replied, "Aye, Mr Frodo, I reckon I can do just that." He gestured at Marigold and Pippin. "Why don't we be off then?" He pointed towards the barn where the treasure hunt was already beginning. Pippin refused to allow the change in plans to make him feel bad. After all, treasure hunting with Marigold might be very nice. He liked the way she always wore the scent of roses. He grinned at his two friends. "Let's go then!" He trotted away with purpose and Marigold followed suit. Sam rolled his eyes skyward and trailed after his charges, leaving Frodo smiling at his back as the group departed. ****** The merrymakers settled in a circle beneath the paper lanterns in the farmyard to await the beginning of the storytelling. Several of the adults were busy making sure the youngest children were kept together, just in case anything was to frighten them. Auntie Pringle busied herself nearby, chattering away with Pepper, her pet raven that perched upon her shoulder. Frodo took a seat on a barrel that he'd placed near the circle, while the others searched for just the right place to sit and be suitably terrified. Merry plunked down cross-legged next to Estella, wiggling slightly closer and working up the courage to actually place his arm around her shoulders. Fredegar Bolger sat across from them, keeping one eye on Merry's hands, the other on his sister. Sam escorted Marigold and Pippin to their spot in the circle and then sat between them, causing Pippin to frown and Frodo to chuckle. Marigold was oblivious to the byplay and watched eagerly for some sign the storytelling was about to begin. Sancho Proudfoot sauntered over to them and plopped down next to his friend. He rolled his eyes at Merry's shameless flirting and nudged Pippin with his elbow, grinning. Pippin chose to ignore him. A nearly full moon peeked out of the half-clouded sky completing the picture of a perfect setting for telling scary stories. Pippin shivered. As much as he liked to be intentionally frightened by a good