Title: Of Darkness and of Light Author: Cathleen E'Shaughnessy Recipient: Illyria Nova Rating: PG Summary: After gazing into Galadriel's Mirror Frodo comes to realize just how heavy is the burden he bears. He agonizes over the revelation of what will happen if he is not successful in his Quest, and questions his ability to fulfill such a daunting task. The loss of Gandalf is plaguing them all, and his young cousin is blaming himself for what happened in Moria. Frodo feels the responsibility for his cousins' safety, which only adds to his cares. Beset by nightmares and the increasing influence of the Ring, Frodo must accept the fate he has freely chosen while struggling to believe that he will triumph against all odds. Disclaimer: These wonderful characters do not belong to me, they are solely the property of the Tolkien estate and I will not gain any monetary profit from their use. My gain is the satisfaction of honoring his legacy with my story. Author's note: This fic is pure angst. It takes place on the Quest and it is based both on book canon and some of the movie. I have tried my utmost to honor my recipient's requests. This story contains no slash. "Of Darkness and of Light" Shadows. Death. He was falling and he could not reach the end. Nor could he breathe for his very breath lay caught in his throat as he was forced to helplessly watch the scene play out before him again and again. Gandalf fell. He couldn't reach him nor change the evil scene before his eyes, or even stretch out his hand and touch him. He could not prevent Gandalf's tumble over the edge of the jagged rocks. He was unable to save him. A dark blanket of doom descended upon him and he felt trapped within his nightmare He felt himself lifted into the air. Lifted and carried away. The silent scream was still on his lips, the name of his friend echoed from the cavern walls as his anguished cry was ripped from the very depths of his soul. His despair experienced by the entire Fellowship. "NOOOOOO!" But somehow deep down inside, he was alone. Completely and utterly. The scream gurgled upward from the depths of his being once more and he opened his mouth to release it…and it would not come. Frodo's eyes shot open in the darkness and the intense scream died on his lips emerging as more of a whimper. He sat up and took in his surroundings. His cousins and Sam slept albeit restlessly, nearby. A soft voice spoke his name in the gloom. Frodo raised his head as she passed, barefoot and silent as the moon that rose high in the night sky. Her gauze-like gown drifted behind her as she walked, nay floated, by. Her voice was in his mind. He knew she had not spoken his name aloud. Frodo arose and followed her. They proceeded down a flight of steps that were carved into the stone surrounding the hollow into which they descended. Upon a pedestal also carved from the stone rested a wide and shallow basin. Lady Galadriel filled it with the pure water of the fountain contained in a silver ewer. She paused and held the Ring-bearer's gaze for a long moment before speaking. "Here is the Mirror of Galadriel. I have brought you here so you may look in it, if you will." "What shall I look for, and what shall I see?" "Many things I can command the mirror to reveal, but the Mirror will also show things unbidden. What you will see I cannot tell. For it shows things that were, and things that are, and things that yet may be. But which it is that he sees, even the wisest among us cannot always tell. Do you wish to look?" "Do you advise me to do so?" "No, I cannot advise you one way or the other. Seeing is good, but may be perilous. Yet, I believe you possess the courage and wisdom to do so, else I would not have brought you here. It is your choice." Frodo hesitated but a moment longer and made his decision. He climbed upon the pedestal and gazed into the water, a great sense of awe overcoming him as the dark water parted and in its place came vision after vision. He saw a long dark road and a white clad figure that appeared to be Gandalf. The figure's face was hidden from him and Frodo was filled with doubt. Was it Gandalf or Saruman? The scene faded into another and then another. Frodo witnessed the raping of the Shire, saw fire burning hotly as homes were set aflame, friends and family lead away in chains, tormented and killed. He struggled to break free of the gripping fear the scenes elicited. His very soul began to ache with despair. More frightening than any of the previous visions the great eye appeared, flaming hotly, lidless, searching. Seeking…him. The water began to boil and steam, the Ring was being pulled into the vision against his will. Frodo resisted, but the struggle was becoming more difficult. "Do not touch the water!" Galadriel admonished, and at that moment the Ring-bearer was thrown backwards, away from the basin, to fall upon the ground. The spell was broken. He looked up at her, his small body shaking. "I know what it is that you last saw, for it is also in my mind. Do not be afraid." The Lady held up a slender hand. "This is Nenya, the Ring of Adamant, and I am its keeper. Sauron suspects but he does not know one of the three remaining Rings is here, in Lothlorien. It is not by the power of the elves alone that this land is protected. If you fail, all will be laid bare to the enemy." Frodo inclined his head in acknowledgement. "If you wish it, I will give you the One Ring." He held out his hand, the circle of gold resting on his palm. The Lady stepped forward and beheld the Ring, her gaze filled with longing. "I do not deny that my heart has long desired this. You begin to see with a keen eye, Ring-bearer. And you offer it freely." Galadriel lifted her arms to the star filled sky, the Ring on her finger radiating a bright white light. The elven queen's form was fully illuminated by the glow. A clap of thunder startled Frodo as the night filled with a streak of lightning and he looked up, searching the sky. Just as suddenly the light faded. Galadriel regarded him with sadness, her gentle voice speaking softly. "I pass the test. I will diminish, and go into the West, and remain Galadriel." She extended her hand to Frodo. "Let us return, for tomorrow you must depart. You have made the choice and the tides of fate are flowing." Frodo took the hand that was offered to him and followed the Lady out of the hollow. He looked back over his shoulder one last time. He shook with dread as he hurried away, almost expecting one of his frightening visions to crawl up from the depths of the font and pursue him through the dark night. Sam sat up as he returned. "Where have you been?" His tone as always was filled with concern. "Are you all right?" Frodo nodded slowly as he descended into his bed of blankets. He shivered as the memories of what he'd witnessed began to overtake him again. What was real and inevitable, he wondered? How much could he change? Would the terrible visions of his beloved Shire come to pass? Oh, to be allowed to seek counsel with Gandalf again! I said that I would do this thing. I have chosen. But how, when I still have such grave doubt within my soul? "Mr Frodo?" Sam tried again. "What is it, Sam?" Frodo sounded weary. "What happened? I woke up and you were gone. Are you all right?" Frodo sighed and sat up. "I was speaking with the Lady. That's all." "But you seem upset. Has anything changed?" "No Sam. Nothing has changed. Nothing at all. Get some sleep." Frodo curled himself into a tiny ball and lay with his back to his friend. To all intents and purpose he appeared to sleep. Nothing could have been further from the truth. His mind raced, filled with dark thoughts for the remainder of the night. When morning light dawned he had not slept a wink. As the company prepared to depart their hearts were heavy with the thought of leaving Lothlorien. Here they had dwelt for an unknown number of days and nights, the exact amount of time was still hidden from them. The elves assisted them by providing food for the journey that they placed in the boats they were given. Nearby, Frodo could hear Aragorn speaking quietly with Lord Celeborn, carefully considering the direction they would take. Frodo's troubled thoughts continued to plague him. His cousins and Sam watched him closely but Frodo was unresponsive to their continued attempts at conversation. "Never before have we clad strangers in the garb of our own people." Galadriel's voice carried to him, soft and hypnotic, as the Company was gifted with elven cloaks fastened with the delicate leaf-shaped brooches of green and silver. "May these cloaks shield you from unfriendly eyes." Each was also presented with a special gift destined to aid them in their journey at the proper time. As the remaining members of the Fellowship gathered in the boats Frodo clutched the little crystal phial the Lady had given him, and pondered her words once more. I give you the light of Earendil, our most beloved star. May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out. Remember Galadriel and her Mirror! A black mood threatened to consume him whole. Frodo could do nothing other than stare straight ahead, a frozen figure shrouded in the silence of his own despair as the little boat was propelled away. The quiet conversation around him seemed to come from a great distance. He was drowning in a tidal wave of sadness once more. Gandalf. His long time friend and mentor. His thoughts swirled as he remembered bits of their last conversations. Bittersweet memories embraced him. Frodo felt his consciousness retreating, his thoughts turning inward, growing apart from the others even as he tried to fight his way back. The day was long and tiring. It seemed traveling by boat was every bit as wearisome and uncomfortable as traveling afoot. The gray winter lands lay barren and mournful along their path. The only living things they saw were birds. Frodo shivered. He had imagined that heading south would bring them into warmth, and the greening of the grass as well as the sight of blooms of every description. Instead, all his eyes beheld were bare trees and overcast sky. The depression loomed as a great black nothingness. He knew if he allowed it to descend he would be smothered alive. He looked to Aragorn, his question was plain in the puzzled expression in his eyes. Aragorn smiled gently. "We have not journeyed far south yet, and here the world is cold until the sudden spring." He reached over and touched the Ring-bearer's shoulder in empathy. "Do not fear. Spring will indeed come to this land again." Frodo attempted to smile but the gesture was too great an effort. He flicked his eyes at Sam before focusing his attention once more on the barren landscape. Sam glanced about, his sense of unease growing as he maintained a quiet vigil over his friend. How they longed to stand and stretch their legs! At last, Aragorn directed Legolas and Boromir to follow his lead to the shore where they could take respite from the long ride and prepare the evening meal. Merry and Pippin