The Promise Chapter One "No, Eglantine! You'll not talk me out of it this time. My mind's made up and I most certainly willna be changing it!" "Now, Pad. You've got yourself all worked up into a snit and that's for sure! No doubt old Shirriff Smallburrow rather enjoyed catching Peregrin in his wee bout of mischief last night and couldna hardly be waitin' to get over here and spill the beans! He's a fine one to be talkin' 'bout hobbits that like the pubs. Why, he spends the better part of his time there, now doesn't he? Just a lyin' in wait for the likes of a lad like ours to find something to get into and then come a runnin' to squeal on him to his folks!" Eglantine huffed, and without taking so much as a breath of air, started in again. "I've got no use for the likes of that one, Paladin! And how dare he suggest we don't know how to keep track of our young ones and just let them run amuck—RUN AMUCK—and do as they please! Why, I've half a mind to go after him and wallop him hisself! How DARE he, I say, how DARE--" Paladin took a deep breath and grasped his wife's quivering shoulders gently as he steered her into the nearest chair and squatted down beside her. Eglantine quieted and regarded her husband expectantly, tilting her head to one side as she watched him. Paladin placed his finger across her lips. "Sshh now, my love. You had best settle down. While you're standing there talkin' about me working myself into a rage, take a look at yourself my dear. Why, you're all red in the face, you are!" He laughed. "Why, right now I'd be swearing you come by the Took blood somewhere else besides just being my wife. Aye, you're sure looking and acting like a natural born one, you are!" Eglantine began to smile and then to chuckle. Finally she sighed. "Aye, Pad. You're right. Why, I don't know what came over me!" "Sure you do. You look like that anytime someone's threatening one of your little ones, Tina. It's the motherin' instinct, I guess. Makes you lose all sensibility, where our boy's concerned at least." "What? Now Pad, you can't be accusing me of losing my sensibilities! That Shirriff had no right to come in here suggesting Pippin is out of control. What does he know about it, anyway? And tellin' us we need to be tanning his wee backside more often. And even recommending you use a switch on him! How dare he? Why, I think--" Paladin placed his finger on her lips again. "It's all right my dear. You and I know we tend to our children well and there's nothing he or anyone else can say about it that means anything of importance to us. Isn't that right?" His wife nodded. Paladin stood and stretched out the kink in his back. "All right then. When Peregrin gets home tonight we'll have some talking to do and there's no doubt about it." Paladin began to pace about the room. He sighed heavily. "The fact remains that he's disobeyed us yet again ! And got several things to be answering for this time. As far as I'm concerned, old Smallburrow was right about the one thing." Paladin stopped pacing and looked at his wife, his jaw set firmly. "And you know what that is." "Aye, I know all right, and I don't care for it! Especially since the Shirriff is the one who's suggestin' it!" "He needs a good hard lesson this time and he's gonna be getting one!" "But Pad, you know you canna be dealing with this in the state of mind you're in! You need to cool off dear. You know I'm right, now. Go on with you and take a long walk or something. Then we can talk some sense." Eglantine shooed her husband on his way. Paladin let out a disgruntled "Hmph!" and shook his head in annoyance as he stalked out the door. Best to let her have some time for it to sink in, he thought. I'll not be backing down this time and that's all there is to it! Heading for the barn he continued to mutter under his breath. Opening the big door he strode in and slammed it hard, causing the nearby window to rattle. He paused to collect his thoughts. Taking several deep breaths Paladin placed his hand on one of the stalls and tried forcing himself to calm down. Ripples of anger coursed through his body and he gave up, choosing to pace around the barn instead, alternately kicking hay bales and slamming his fists down on the tool bench. Confound that boy and his mischief! I'll be teaching him to mind me if it's the last thing I ever do! Several of the hired hands looked up casually, watching Paladin circle the stalls and mutter to himself. They resumed their work unfazed by their boss's outburst. One or two even snickered quietly. No doubt the Took's youngest was up to his pointed ears in trouble once again. Lying to me! He lied to me! Sneaking out, and in the middle of the blessed night no less! With no thought whatsoever for his own safety, and no concern for his mother or me if we were to wake up and find him gone. Going where he's not allowed without an adult in the daylight hours! And then looking me in the eye the next morning knowing what he's done. And no doubt trailing after his cousin who's bound to be up to the same mischief and encouraging him on! Well, I'm just going to have me a nice chat with Saradoc too then! We'll see what young Meriadoc thinks about that when he finds himself face down over his da's knee getting the strapping of his life! Well, if they thought they got a good lesson the last time they'd best think again. Paladin plunked down on a bale of hay and crossed his arms. His expression twisted into an even fiercer scowl as he recalled the night not long ago when Pippin and Merry along with their older cousin Frodo, and Samwise Gamgee had sneaked out at night and caused a huge stir in all their families when they had awakened and thought the lads had gone missing from their beds. It hadn't taken long to put the puzzle together though. And there had been some very sore backsides as a result of that escapade. He just has to push matters to the limit. Why, I never saw the like of it before in my whole life! I promised him – promised! Well, threatened was more like it he had to admit. Paladin sighed again. It was becoming a habit. He barely escaped a switching the last time but thanks to his mum's pleading I backed down. He shook his head. Oh, she hates the switch, that one! He smiled slightly. And no small wonder she did. It had struck terror in both their hearts as youngsters. And just as their parents had, he and Eglantine only resorted to its use for the most serious infractions. And this one certainly qualifies, he thought grimly. He's had his chance – no, several chances actually. A good deal more than I ever got as a lad! He loved his children dearly, there was no doubt about that. But he would not allow any of them to casually flaunt their disobedience in his face and get away with it. Peregrin thinks he's just having a good time. I know for a fact the boy has a good heart and he's not deliberately trying to infuriate me. He's not daft after all, and he does worry from time to time about the well being of his backside! He's proven that to me before. He chuckled recalling some of the extreme measures his son had gone to in the past to avoid a licking. Ah, but he is on occasion extremely foolish in how far he's willing to test my patience with him. Not to mention how far he dares to push just to see how much he can get away with. Well, if he's needing to be shown once more just where the boundaries are he's about to find out, loud and clear. Finally Paladin was satisfied with his level of control and exited the hay barn. He headed back to their home much more slowly than he had left and entered, taking a seat next to the fireplace and pulling out his pipe. Perhaps a smoke would help settle his nerves. Eglantine looked up from her dinner preparations as her husband headed to his chair. Wiping her hands on her apron she nodded to Pearl to leave them alone for a time. She gladly headed off in the opposite direction, glancing at her parents as she left the room. Paladin studied the fire intently for a time, all the while aware that his wife watched him. Sighing, he looked up and met her eyes. "Don't say it." "Say what, Pad? Why, I haven't uttered a blessed word since you came in." Paladin fidgeted then sat back wearily in his chair. "I'm calm now." "Yes, I can see that." "And you're having my word that I'll be calm when he comes through that door." "Good, dear." "He's trying my patience again Tina." "I know dear." She sighed and twisted the tea towel she still held before dropping it into her lap. "He's trying mine too I'm afraid." "He thinks we don't know what he was up to. Tarnation! I'll not be lied to!" "Pad, you're getting yerself all worked up again. You canna deal with our son in that state. Now, he'll be home soon and you need to be settlin' down. Then we can have a talk with him." Paladin looked at his wife, eyes flashing. "Aye, we'll talk all right. And most of what I've got to say is gonna be said with a willow tree switch! A big one!" Eglantine sighed again and laid her head against the back of the chair, closing her eyes and rocking gently. "I hate it when you use a switch on any of the children, Pad. It does sting so." "Aye, it does! And that's the whole point. It'll make a lasting impression on the boy, even more so than my belt." Paladin studied his wife's face. "You know I have to do this Tina. I promised it to him last time he misbehaved. I made it very clear that the next time he acted up I'd be whipping his backside with a switch! And here it's only been what…surely no more than a month or so, and he's at it again. And in a big way no less and with him barely done being on restriction for the last time. Why, he didna pay any mind at all to what I told him! I willna have it Tina, not from any of our children and well you know it. And now I canna be going back on my word or it'll mean nothing to him." Eglantine nodded reluctantly. Paladin reached over and patted her hand "Now dearest, you know it never did either of us any harm." His wife snorted at his words. "Speak for yerself, Pad. "T'was always an experience to be remembered, and that's for sure!" "Aye, a real eye-opener it was and no mistake! Something to be avoiding, if you're smart that is. I'm beginning to have some serious doubts where young Peregrin is concerned though. That boy seems to like pushing things just as far as he dares, and then some! I don't think they come any more stubborn." Paladin smiled at his wife, a twinkle appearing in his eye. "You're soft hearted, I know! For the most part anyway." "What's that supposed