"A Cat of a Different Colour" The day had dawned overcast and chill. Merry shivered and his attention was drawn to the sky as a huge flock of geese took wing in one swift motion, the loudness of their honking cries creating a stir amongst the smaller avian population in the surrounding trees. He shook his head in wonder and an easy smile crept across his face as the sight transported him back to a simpler time for just a moment. A time when he was younger, a little more trusting, even a bit naïve, before the cares and responsibilities he faced today. Before the Ring and the feeling of darkness it summoned in his heart. He sighed, an action that did not go unnoticed by his elder cousin. Frodo watched him with concern. Merry shook his head once more and gave him a tired smile. Frodo seemed to immediately understand and said nothing, merely raising an eyebrow and giving a slight nod in acknowledgement of his cousin's weariness. Merry glanced over at Pippin, who was preoccupied with chattering a storm of comments and questions, all directed at the big man of Gondor who seemed to be taking it all in his stride. Boromir even appeared amused. Merry was pleased with the way the two of them had struck up a fast friendship right from the beginning. They had barely started the long and treacherous journey to Mordor when he realized he'd only had a small understanding of what their Quest entailed. True, he was not as naïve as Pippin, nevertheless, he hadn't yet quite grasped the full significance. He was beginning to comprehend it now. The night had been a difficult one, long and tiring. They had covered much ground, albeit rocky and hilly all the way, and were exhausted. Merry was coming to a gradual realization of the dangers they faced as he listened and learned. He hoped Pippin could remain blissfully unaware for some time yet. He knew his little cousin would soon be forced to grow up fast and he despaired at his inability to shield him from the hurt he suspected was coming. Still, they had been united in their determination to accompany Frodo, wishing to be of some comfort and assistance to him in every way they were able. All around him the Company sought out the most accommodating areas in which to deposit their belongings and prepare a place to rest as they made camp for the day. Sam was already setting up the stones for the fire and gathering small sticks and pieces of wood. The hobbit gave Merry the impression of a mother goose happily scurrying about as he nurtured his flock with ease and determination, always making certain everything was attended to properly. The thought was oddly comforting and Merry enjoyed the scene as Sam saw to Frodo's comfort while still in the midst of his breakfast preparations. The Ringbearer endured his friend's fussing with a practiced and dignified aplomb that warmed his younger cousin's heart. He turned his attention to Gandalf. The grey wizard was busying himself with his pack, poking around in its depths and muttering to himself in apparent irritation. Merry hid his grin as he removed his own burden from his shoulders and squatted to place his things on the ground. Gandalf's bark was worse than his bite and Merry chuckled to himself at the wizard's façade. This was a truth he had learned many years ago. Gandalf had a fondness for hobbits that was never difficult to see in his manner and speech. Merry revelled in the feeling of security he felt in his steadfast presence. A soft low voice caught his attention and he twisted to look across their campsite. Aragorn and Legolas were deep in earnest conversation. Nearby, the dwarf leaned against a tree drawing on his pipe and surveying the immediate area with a keen eye. He had one stubby leg drawn up, his booted foot pressed against the trunk. Feigning disinterest, Merry rummaged through his things while straining his ears to hear what the man and elf were discussing. He noticed Gimli shared an equal attentiveness to their words. As he watched the dwarf eavesdrop Merry's conscience nudged him gently and he felt a guilty blush creeping up his neck. He knew better than to listen in on the conversation of others. After all, he'd been well brought up. Merry reasoned that he would change in many ways on this journey but hoped that acquiring bad manners would not be one of them. Strange the way he could be so far away from home and still feel as though he had never left. He eased his attention away from the private conversation and his self-conscious musings were cut short by the sound of musical laughter. Merry couldn't help grinning as he swung around to watch the smaller hobbit. Pippin shared his delight of the moment with Boromir who laughed heartily, and the sound was pure harmony as their voices mingled. He didn't know what was so amusing but that didn't matter. It was enough to behold the light-hearted moment amidst the solemnity so often thrust upon them now. He felt his spirits lift and his own laughter mixed with theirs. "Merry!" Pippin noticed his cousin's scrutiny and gestured for him to join them. "What is it, Pip?" Merry's grin widened as he made his way to them. "Boromir was just telling me one of his tales and I wonder if he's making it all up. Come, give me your opinion." Pippin squinted up at his friend. "Go on, tell my cousin what you just told me. We'll see if he believes a word of it." "Peregrin! Would I tell you anything but the truth, lad? Why, I'm utterly crushed by your disbelief!" "Aye, certainly you are. Why, you seem to be of a mind that I'll believe anything I'm told! I may be young but I've a fair sense of what's fact and what's a wee bit of leg pulling." Pippin nodded at his cousin and winked. "Right Merry?" Merry pursed his lips thoughtfully but said nothing, his amusement only growing as he regarded the still chuckling pair. "Ah, I was just telling Pippin a tale about the mystical tortoiseshell cat of Gondor. 'Tis a legend we were brought up on." "See? I told you so. A legend indeed! And here you are trying to tell me in all earnestness that this is a story of truth, not utter folly." "Aye, well young sir, the tale of this mysterious feline is one worthy of consideration. After all, many a great truth is at the core of myths of old." "Perhaps. And perhaps too, you are just having a good laugh at my expense!" Pippin continued to grin, his feelings obviously none too offended by Boromir's jesting. The big man placed a hand on his shoulder as he bent to look him in the eye. "We shall see, eh? I believe it would make a grand fireside tale for this morning. What do you think?" Boromir tilted his head in question at both hobbits. "I'm inclined to believe it would have been more appropriate for the Eve of Samhain! All right then, we'll look forward to hearing it. Won't we Merry?" "Of course Pip. Boromir is as good at spinning a tale as you are. It should prove to be highly entertaining." "Ah, you are either complimenting me mightily or pulling my own leg now, Merry." Boromir grinned and patted Merry on the back before leaving them alone. The sound of his chuckling faded away as the halflings stared after him. A cat that could forecast the future, indeed! Both shook their curly heads and exchanged a knowing smile before returning to their tasks. Pippin made himself comfortable next to the small fire and leaned forward to warm his icy hands while thinking ruefully how much he'd come to appreciate this little comfort in the face of its rarity. Ah, how much he had taken for granted when life was soft and comfortable! He studied his returning cousins, watching from beneath his long lashes while poking at the fire with a long stick he'd retrieved from their supply of wood. Merry flopped down next to him and extended his own hands to the inviting warm glow. "Well," Merry leaned closer and whispered conspiratorially, "are we going to hear Boromir's tale?" Pippin shrugged and casually shifted his gaze to where Frodo now rested between Sam and Gandalf. The wizard stuffed his pipe and watched them all wordlessly as Gimli joined them and immediately busied himself in a like manner. The Ranger leaned against the closest tree while Legolas crouched nearby and tended to his weapons. It appeared they all awaited the promised story and several of them glanced expectantly at the man of Gondor as he took a seat and lounged back easily against a tree. The only sound was the crackling of the campfire until the sharp cry of a hawk caused Pippin to startle. Several chuckles made the youngest hobbit look around sheepishly. "You should be used to that sound by now laddie," the dwarf teased. "Aye, but my mind was on other things, that's all," Pippin defended himself, nevertheless smiling at being caught off guard. "Well Boromir, perhaps this would be the opportune time to hear the tale you promised us?" Merry prompted. "Why Merry, I do believe you're demonstrating even more curiosity than your young cousin is known for." Boromir tilted his head to the side with a look of mock puzzlement. "Are you turning over a new leaf?" "Perhaps I ought to since Pippin is not readily showing his more inquisitive side today." "Yes, do share your story, Boromir. Merry told me a little about what the two of you were discussing earlier and I admit it sounded very interesting." Frodo added his voice to the discussion and Sam nodded his agreement. "Indeed, this is a tale I am not familiar with myself and I was certain I had heard nearly every story there was to be told in Middle-earth," Gandalf prompted. Boromir glanced around at the rest of the group and upon seeing their unspoken encouragement he smiled warmly at his eager audience and leaned back to get more comfortable. Stretching out his long legs close to the fire he placed both hands behind his fair head and appeared to think hard. Finally he drew a breath and sighed deeply. Pippin grinned and rolled his eyes at the big man's dramatics before settling into his blanket. He heaved a sigh of his own with no small amount of satisfaction, eager to hear the rest of the impossible tale and the others' reactions to it. The Gondorian took in the waiting expressions one by one before beginning. Pippin wondered if perhaps the big man had a wee bit more dramatic flair in him then he had assumed. His grin widened. "This is a story that my brother always took great delight in hearing when he was a youngster so naturally I am quite familiar with it. Although, as I mentioned earlier, it is a well known legend amongst my countrymen." "Aye, the legend of the mysterious soothsaying kitty," Pippin retorted dryly. Really, Boromir must believe I am truly gullible to even entertain such an idea. Still, the man was quite capable of spinning an entertaining yarn and he had no doubt the tale would be worth listening to, be it factual or simply a fanciful myth. "Odd." Aragorn spoke for the first time. "I don't recall ever hearing about a future gazing feline either." The Ranger rubbed his scruffy chin and looked puzzled. "Yes, well it is quite possible that not all the legends of Gondor reached you whilst you resided in Rivendell," Boromir reassured him. "You were bound to have missed some of the more, ahem…obscure tales." Aragorn stared at him bemused, and waited to hear more.