Summary: Young Pippin visits his cousins at Bag End Beta: Marigold " Pennies for a Sunny Day" His penny jar rested high on the shelf above his books. Pippin stared at it in consternation wondering just how it had managed to get way up there. He plunked down the stuffed rabbit he had clutched to his chest for the past hour since being sent to his room and considered how he would go about retrieving his pennies from their resting place. His face scrunched up in concentration, Pippin dragged a chair across the bedroom and climbed on it. He shook his curly head. Uh, uh. Not nearly close enough. What next? He pondered, looking about the small room with a studied eye. Hmm. His gaze fell upon the shelf containing his books. Excitedly, Pippin began piling the volumes on the chair and then stood upon them. In this precarious position he reached cautiously upward, his fingers stretched out, inching ever closer but still quite unable to touch his prize. Pip wrinkled his nose in disgust, breathing in a whiff of dust as he did. A tickle began in his nose and he tried desperately to stifle the sneeze that threatened to burst forth. The distraction was his undoing and he tumbled down from his impossible perch, sprawling on the floor with a loud thud. The books showered down on him as the chair slid out and smacked the wall hard. "Owww!" The youngster sat up carefully massaging his left elbow, gazing up at the jar of pennies with a heated frown. A moment later the door to his room banged open and his mother and eldest sister flew in, skirts fluttering and identical expressions of alarm on their faces. Pearl fell to her knees beside her baby brother and began to examine him while his mother fussed. "Pick him up, lass! Put him here on the bed so I can have a look at him." Pearl scooped Pippin up in her arms and placed him gently on his bed. Eglantine bent to study her little one, running her hands over his limbs as she sought to reassure herself he was unharmed. Pippin struggled against her ministrations, batting away his mother's hands with some indignation. "I'm all right Mum!" Irritated with the unwanted attention he scowled up at both of them. Eglantine stepped back, hands on hips, and scrutinized her youngest. "Well I see that, Peregrin. And that little tumble hasn't helped your foul mood either." Pearl laughed, causing her brother to turn his frown upon her. "Aye, Mum! The little rascal is in the same state of mind as when you sent him in here. What were you doing up there, Pip? Besides, of course, something foolish!" Pearl tapped him on top of the head. Pippin pouted and squirmed away. "If you must know, I was trying to reach my penny jar. I don't understand how it got up so high." "Thinking of doing a bit of shopping, were you?" Pearl grinned and reached the jar down to him. "I believe it got put up there to keep you out of it, young sir." His mother shook her head. "As I recall you were dipping into it for some nonsense every little while. You remember you are supposed to be saving some of your money for a sunny day, not fooling it away on sweets and such. Now, you may count your pennies but I want you to put every one of them back in the jar when you are done. Understood?" "Yes, Mum." Pippin clutched his stuffed rabbit in one arm as he pulled off the jar lid. When they made no move to leave he paused and stared at them. Eglantine glanced at her daughter, a little smile quirking at the corners of her mouth. "Well Pearl, I can see we're not needed here anymore. Come, let's leave this scamp to his own devices." Eglantine tilted her son's chin upward. "No more climbing, you hear me?" Pippin nodded his head vigorously. "And put those back on the shelf." She pointed at the heap of storybooks on the floor. Pippin nodded again and watched the door close behind them. He breathed a sigh of relief. It was bad enough being forced to spend the entire afternoon in one's room for only a small transgression, but attracting the attention of the ones he was in trouble with only added to the problem. Pippin shook his head and then grinned. Well, it was worth it to see the look on Pearl's face when she discovered the frogs in her bedroom! It had taken him hours to gather them, but then when was a prank not worth his best effort? Pippin giggled. Served her right, the tattletale. Telling Mum I didn't finish my chores. Well, just try getting them all out now! Anyway, he liked frogs. They made a pleasant sound that lulled him to sleep on a summer's eve. He turned his attention back to the jar and dumped the coins out on his bed. There was a good deal of money here! Too bad his mum was making him save it all. Who cared about a sunny day, or a rainy one for that matter? He could find uses for his money on any old day. Pippin counted the pennies. He had been saving them for some time. His mum didn't realize he had been sneaking some of them out despite her warnings. Pippin counted twenty-three pennies. He calculated in his head and then got up to look in his chest. Smiling, he withdrew the seven pennies he'd hidden beneath some clothing. He eyed the coins on the bed and added three more to his hand. Pippin studied the small treasure before stashing the handful of money back into the drawer and pushing it shut. Feeling very pleased with himself he put the remaining pennies back in the jar and replaced the top, sliding it onto his nightstand. Ten pennies! Now he would have plenty to spend when he went to Bag End tomorrow! Pippin was very happy that his mother was letting him stay with his cousins while she and his sisters went shopping in Hobbiton. He knew Merry was visiting too and was very excited about all the fun they would have. He considered his actions. Money for a sunny day. Hmph! He glanced out the window. It certainly is a sunny day. Too nice to be stuck indoors. Pippin felt he had been punished enough for his little escapade. He wondered if his mum would see it that way? He pulled the door open quietly and peered down the hall. No one was about at the moment. He crept into the sitting room. Looking carefully around he made it all the way to the front door before feeling a firm tug on his shirt collar. Pippin started and tipped his head back cautiously. He found himself looking up into the disapproving face of his mother. Pip flashed her an innocent smile. "And just where do you think you're going? Not out the door, I'll wager." "Umm… Don't you think I've been punished for long enough? After all, it was only a few frogs--" "Only a few? My dear lad, in case you've forgotten, it was an entire sack full you dumped in your sister's bed. Why, this entire smial will be alive with the song of frogs of all sizes croaking away for days! So the answer is no, I don't believe you've had an adequate amount of time to think about your mischief. And here I've caught you trying to sneak out. So, for all your trouble young Peregrin, you may spend the rest of the day in your room right up until bedtime!" "But Mum!" "But what? Are you arguing with me?" Pippin thought about it. He was tempted to stomp his foot in protest. Truth be told, he came very close to doing just that, but something about the gleam in his mother's eye stopped him. He pouted for a moment instead. "What about supper?" "Oh, you'll get your supper all right, my little rascal. In your room. And if you don't want to be having that meal standing up you had best get yourself back there before I tell your da what you've been up to!" Eglantine turned him around and gave him a little push. "Now march!" Pippin shuffled his way back to the dreaded confining space, grumbling all the way as his mother trailed him. "What's that?" "Nothing Mum." "Best quit while you're ahead." Pippin said nothing as he shut the door to his room once more. Sitting on the bed he placed his chin in his hand and surveyed his surroundings in glum silence. So much for a sunny day. Pippin stretched out on his bed and began to make plans for his visit to Bag End, entertaining himself with thoughts of adventure until he finally fell asleep. "Come, let's go see what the other lads are up to!" Merry was already running ahead as his older cousin joined him. "I don't know, Merry. I think everyone's gone down to the Water to paddle by now. It's such a hot day." Frodo fanned himself with one hand as he followed Merry. "Besides, Aunt Eglantine is dropping Pippin off here about midday while she and the lasses go shopping in Hobbiton. Remember? Merry? They'll all be spending the night. Merry? Where did you go?" Frodo looked around, puzzled. His cousin seemed to have vanished into thin air. He cupped his hands to his mouth and called out. Turning, he noticed Sam ambling up the lane and smiled warmly. It was good to see him being allowed some time away from work. "Sam! It's good to see you. What are you about today?" "The Gaffer gave me the rest of the day off. It's too hot, you know. He says he's afraid I'm going to have a heatstroke out in the sun and he wants me to go get cooled off." Sam mused as they walked. "I wish I could swim. Wish I wasn't so afraid of the water." Frodo threw an arm around his friend's shoulder affectionately. "I have offered to teach you." "I know. I just haven't got over being afraid." "Well, you'll do it when you're ready. But you can still cool off with the rest of us. Just wade around a bit. Come! I'm sure Merry's already down there by now. I have to be back in time to meet my aunt, though. She's coming with Pippin and the lasses later today, so I'd best get to having some fun while I'm able." Sam and Frodo soon joined the other lads at the popular spot beneath the great oak tree. Merry waved wildly at them. "Come on in! The water's fine!" He dove beneath the clear water and Sam suppressed a shiver as he watched. Frodo laughed at his cousin's antics and peeled down to his short clothes. Urging Sam to join them Frodo jumped in and swam out to Merry, the lads by the bank watching them in awe. "Come on in Sam!" Merry called. Sam shook his head shyly and took a seat, sprawling out his legs and leaning back against the big tree. He yawned. A little nap would be just the thing. After a long morning of swimming and playing in the water Frodo and Merry joined Sam under the tree. The other lads left to go home for some luncheon. The friends lounged about for a little longer, enjoying the lazy noonday sun. "What are we going to do with Pippin here?" Merry complained, chewing on a blade of grass. "He's too little to do anything with us." "No he's not. We can bring him down here. Or whatever we decide to do, pretty much." Merry snorted. "Sure, and we'll spend more time keeping him out of trouble than doing anything else! I