25 Title: "Of Birds and Bees" Rating: K Author: Cathleen Beta: Marigold Special Note: A big "Thank You!" to GreyWonderer for giving me permission to refer to her bells from her wonderfully entertaining story "Demand and You Shall Receive" Disclaimer: Not my characters, never will be! I just adore inviting them over to play! Summary: The lads teach Pippin a bit about the birds and the bees. Watch out! Humor ahead! "Of Birds and Bees" "It was a very hot summer that year, as I recall." Pippin was warming quickly to his tale, the look of smug delight almost more than his cousins and Sam could bear. "Listen to him," Merry muttered in disgust. "Sounds just like one of the old folks, he does," agreed Sam. "Well, you brought it on yourself Merry." "Me? You're the one who brought up the bells, Frodo!" " Ahem! I'm trying to tell a story here!" "Cheeky little--" "Merry! Do be quiet lad, I don't want to miss any of this." Boromir chuckled and bade Pippin continue. The youngest member of the Fellowship sat back and gazed at his kin with mild dismay. He summoned all his dignity before scolding them soundly. "I had to listen to all of the last embarrassing story about me so the least you might do is hold your tongues and take this with good grace!" Merry made gagging noises until Frodo cuffed him playfully on the side of his head. "Hush now," Aragorn admonished them. "Pippin is right, after all. Please allow him to tell his tale." "Aye, let him talk! The more you try to hush him the more I find I want to hear it myself. Don't we, lad?" Gimli winked at Legolas. The elf smiled and tilted his head in agreement. "Thank you." Boromir nodded at the Ranger. "This promises to be a lively story!" "Oh, it is! It is indeed," chuckled Gandalf. He gazed fondly at Pippin. "And my lad, why you seem to be giving the impression that this particular tale presents you as an innocent party is beyond me. The way I recall it, you each endured a fairly equal share of the embarrassment, although for different reasons of course." "It's all about perspective, Gandalf." Pippin sounded as if that should be obvious. "If you say so." The wizard smiled knowingly and gestured for Pippin to resume his story. "It was hot for a great many days and Merry and I were visiting at Bag End for an extended period." "Which of course delighted Bilbo no end!" "It was only the heat making him grumpy, Frodo," sniffed Pippin. "Are you sure about that, Pip?" Pippin chose to ignore his cousin's baiting and continued. "We spent a great deal of time playing in and around the water, you know, to cool off. Even Sam got extra time off to join us because it was so hot." "How old were you, Pippin?" Boromir wanted to know. "Hmm, let's see…" "You were exactly fourteen years old, Pip. And Merry was only twenty two." Frodo grinned at Boromir and Aragorn. "Which in your terms would be…" Frodo did a quick calculation, "Oh, Pip would have been the equivalent of about eight and a half and Merry was fourteen in man years." Boromir slung a big arm around Pippin's shoulders and chuckled. "Ah, still wet behind the ears, were you?" "Whatever does that mean?" "Never mind, Pip. Just tell your story." "You see that was part of the problem. I wanted information and my dear cousins and Sam did not want to give me any because they thought I was too young." "And you quite readily proved us right, Pippin." Frodo looked at him sternly. "Well, if you had tried then maybe things would have turned out differently!" "We did try Pip! And look where it got us!" Merry was incredulous. "Ahem!" Boromir cleared his throat and frowned at the continued interruptions. Pippin tossed another smug glance at his kin as he continued. "Oh, bother! 'Tis going to be another boiling hot day! Will this spell never end?" Bilbo Baggins continued muttering as he prepared a cold first breakfast for everyone. He didn't hear the youngest of his charges sneaking up behind him as he set the bowls on the table and returned to the pantry for other items. Pippin took advantage of this opportunity to hide behind the pantry door. He stifled a giggle as he prepared to leap out and surprise the older hobbit on his way back to the table. One, two…Pippin bent over and wriggled his whole body in anticipation, like a feral cat about to leap on its unsuspecting prey. "Three!" he cried gleefully, launching his lithe form from behind the round door and landing on… "Gandalf!" The gray wizard caught the surprised hobbit in mid flight and plunked him firmly upon his feet, completely unruffled by the sudden appearance of the airborne lad. He stood gazing down at Pippin, a hand on his shoulder as he summoned his best stern expression. The little hobbit peered up, up, and up at the towering wizard and gulped loudly. "Well? What do you have to say for yourself Peregrin? Hmm?" Bilbo returned to the kitchen his arms loaded with food, and stopped short. Peering over the top of his burden his eyes went from one of them to the other and he raised an eyebrow in concern. "What's the problem, Gandalf? What happened?" Bilbo hurried to set the load on the table. "Oh, it seems this little one was about to fling himself at you from behind the door, my friend." Gandalf tapped a finger on the tip of Pippin's sharp nose. "Your uncle would have spilled your breakfast all over the kitchen, young hobbit, and you would have spent the next half hour cleaning it all up!" Pippin hung his head chagrined his little prank had befallen the wizard instead of Bilbo. Gandalf placed a finger beneath his chin and tilted the frowning face up to meet his eyes. He smiled and Pippin sighed with relief. "Now, why don't you run along and get dressed and wake your cousins while you're at it." Bilbo was already bustling around the small kitchen again, his back to them. He waved a hand in dismissal as he worked. "Come! I will help you awaken them." Gandalf extended his hand and Pippin eagerly grasped it, skipping along next to the wizard as they went in search of Merry and Frodo. Releasing the wizard's hand Pippin ran in to Frodo's room and jumped on the bed with wild abandon. He landed hard on his sleeping cousin knocking the breath from him. "Ooof! Pippin! What the--" Frodo struggled to sit up and his eyes immediately fell on the wizard. "Gandalf!" Frodo flung Pippin off his chest and leaped from the bed. "Oh, I'm so happy to see you! We didn't expect you, when did you get here?" Pippin watched them with satisfaction, his green eyes sparkling. "I'm going to get Merry!" Pippin launched himself off the bed and shot out of the room. "Last night while you were all asleep. I thought it was time for me to pay a visit to the Shire. I've missed you all." "And we have missed you!" The wizard looked up in surprise as another hobbit flew his way. "Gandalf!" Merry crowed, throwing himself into his arms. "Meriadoc, how are you my lad?" Gandalf laughed heartily as he hugged him and then set him down. They all began talking at once and Gandalf raised his hand to quiet them. "Come, get dressed and join us. Your first meal of the day is nearly ready. We can talk then." Gandalf made his way back to the kitchen, chuckling. Bilbo looked up from his meal preparations. "Are they up and about, then?" "Oh, yes. Quite! I'm sure they will be joining us momentarily." The young hobbits swooped into the room like a small tornado. All opportunity for quiet conversation was abandoned as the enthusiastic group chattered away. Pippin clambered up onto the wizard's lap and bounced in excitement. "Peregrin! Do get down and allow Gandalf to catch his breath for pity's sake." Bilbo reached over and hauled the protesting hobbit off the wizard's lap and directed him to his own chair with a sharp swat to the seat of his britches. "Ow! You didn't have to do that, Bilbo. I was going." Pippin's pout didn't last for long and soon they were all chattering away again. The mealtime passed in pleasant conversation that was peppered with a hundred questions from the curious lads, and the early morning heat was temporarily forgotten. "All right now." Bilbo looked around the tidy kitchen with a smile of satisfaction as he dried his hands on a tea towel. "And just what are you lads up to today?" "We're going down to the brook. We might even take the little boat out later and go fishing." "Just be very careful, all right?" "Of course, uncle." "There's a good lad. And keep a close eye on your cousins! Especially you-know-who!" Frodo grinned. "Where is you-know-who anyway?" Merry shrugged. "Pip ran on ahead. You know how impatient he gets." "Why don't you go on and find him then, while I go after Sam? I don't think he should be left to his own mischief for very long." "All right." Merry strolled casually down the lane not particularly eager to locate his mischievous cousin too quickly. He paused to scrutinize some colorful insects on a flower near the side of the road. Bending over for a closer look he became aware of quiet giggles. Straightening up he glanced about. Seeing no one he continued on his way a bit more cautiously and stopped when the laughter came again. Studying his surroundings more closely he finally spied the source of all the merriment. Perched on a fallen tree trunk just a few feet into the woods were two lasses, sitting side by side. They both laughed again when they caught sight of Merry's startled expression. "Hullo, Meriadoc Brandybuck! And where are you off to on such a fine day?" The lass who posed the question turned out to be Sam's older sister, May. Merry didn't know the other lass's name, but he had seen her before. He just hadn't seen her before. He stared at her now, a silly grin plastered on his face as his eyes moved in appreciation over the lovely chestnut curls. He looked deep into her brown eyes, captivated. "What? Cat got your tongue, Merry?" Sam's sister was enjoying his discomfiture. Merry forced his gaze away. "Hmm? Oh! I forgot my manners. Good day to both of you." He crept a bit closer. "I'm afraid I don't know your name." May rolled her eyes impatiently. "This is my cousin, Peony Burrows. She's from Tighfield. You've seen her before." "Hullo, Merry." Peony studied him with interest. Merry was finding it difficult to find his voice and finally cleared his throat noisily. "Hullo, Peony. Nice to meet you." He felt his stomach flipping crazily and he suddenly felt a bit lightheaded. "Uh, I'd better be on my way. I'm supposed to keep an eye on Pippin." "Yes, we saw the little scamp run by us only a few minutes ago. He was chasing a rabbit, I believe. And talking to himself." May chuckled. Merry was finding it difficult to take his eyes off the dark curls. He imagined what it would feel like to run both of his hands through that thick hair. The tiny flush of color that appeared on Peony's cheeks only made it that much more difficult. Merry began backing up, his own cheeks taking on a rosy hue. "Well, uh…as I said, I have to go--" Merry caught his foot on a tree root and sprawled on his back with a thump. Blushing furiously he hurried to pick himself up off the ground and self-consciously wiped the dirt