"Tulip Takes a Tumble" (Or, why Tulip needed a nose job!) "I told you not to try that, now didn't I, young sir?" "Yes, Mum." "And what did you do? You went right ahead and tried it anyway!" "Yes, Mum." The youngster did his best to look contrite. "Well," Eglantine shook her head as she bustled about to the other side of the bed and wrestled another fluffy pillow into its clean linen slip. "I don't think you'll be doing it again, aye?" "No, Mum." Pippin took a deep breath, sighing out his reply and barely resisting the urge to roll his eyes while his mother continued fussing over him. Tulip quickly chimed in, and of course, agreed with every word. After all, his mother had warned him, and so had she! Pippin laid his head back on his pillow and sighed. He knew he was unlikely to hear the end of this talk anytime soon, and he wasn't at all surprised that Tulip had decided to toss in her own ha'pence. "Now you're going to be stuck here, and miss out on all the fun tonight. And simply because you couldn't listen to your mother in the first place." Eglantine bent and plucked several pieces of straw out of her son's auburn hair before continuing her lecture. "But-" "But nothing, m'lad." Eglantine picked up Pippin's hairbrush off the nightstand and removed more straw from his hair, then gave his curls a good brushing in the process. "Oww!" Pippin batted his mother's hand away as she struggled with a particularly stubborn snarl. "I can do it myself, Mum," he grumbled as Eglantine clucked at him and then handed him the brush. Pippin rested in bed, a pillow elevating his swollen ankle and a bright white bandage decorating his forehead. Tulip perched next to him, a matching binding adorning her hoof, a bandage on her snout, and a tiny splint wrapped around her tail. Pippin was quite certain he could see steam coming from her ears, as much as his mother's, and they wore almost the same frown. He grimaced. There was nothing like being scolded from opposite directions at the same time. Eglantine bustled about his room while she waited for Paladin to fetch some ice for Pippin's sprain. "Ah, here you are." She took the cool cloth from her husband and wrapped it gently around her son's foot, then placed the ice bag on top. "That's cold!" Pippin protested, grabbing for it, and Tulip squeaked in agreement. Eglantine gently swatted his hands away. "Yes, and if it were warm it wouldn't bring down the swelling, now would it?" Paladin chuckled and ruffled Pippin's hair, picking a few more stray bits of straw out of it. He tipped his son's chin up with his finger, his expression now serious. "And I don't want to find you jumping down into the hay from up in the rafters ever again, you hear?" "No, Da," Pippin mumbled, lowering his eyes. Paladin planted a kiss on the top of his son's head. "Good. See that you remember that." Pippin nodded and darted a sideways glance at Tulip. The piglet's frown had deepened and he had the feeling she'd have a great deal more to say once they were alone. He could already hear her mumbling at him under her breath. Suddenly it seemed like a good idea not to be alone with her. He had done a very foolish thing this time and ignored Tulip's warning every step of the way. He clutched at his father's hand as he turned to leave. "Da, will you stay with me?" "What?" Paladin chuckled again and sat on the edge of the bed. "What's the matter, Pip? You're going to be fine." He winked at Tulip, "And so is your knitted friend. I have work to do-" "But Daaaa! Please?" Eglantine met her husband's eyes; her own crinkled with a smile. "Pad, why don't you take some time and stay with our lad? The help can certainly handle the chores just fine on their own." "Well," Paladin slipped his arm around Pippin and slid onto the bed beside him, "I suppose that's true enough." Pippin's eyes brightened, but his left ear twitched as Tulip whispered that she was quite well aware of what he was doing. Did he really think he was going to escape hearing what she had to say that easily? "I know that," he hissed, trying to quell her rant quickly. "What? Know what, lad?" Paladin looked puzzled. "Umm, nothing. Will you tell us a story?" Pippin gave his father his most endearing look of innocence. "Aye, you do just that, Pad, and keep him quiet whilst I prepare a tray for you both. You can share your luncheon before you go back outside." "Well, I can't say that I feel like protesting that." Paladin settled back against the pillows and pulled Pippin close. "Being served my noon meal in bed by my lovely wife, and having the privilege of telling my son a story. What more could a hobbit ask for?" "And Tulip too!" Pippin scooped her up and placed her gently on his father's lap. "Ah me, your piglet friend has certainly had a rough day too, hasn't she now?" Pippin nodded vigorously. Paladin held up the toy and examined her with a critical eye. "And who put this very fine splint on her tail?" "Mum did it! She tended Tulip just like she did me!" "You've a very good mother, you know that, lad?" Pippin nodded again. "Tulip knows that too." He leaned over and whispered to his father, "She's just not all that pleased with me right now." "Who, your mother or Tulip?" "Well…both of them actually. But I was referring to Tulip." Paladin stifled a laugh. His boy was certainly clever; Pippin's imagination soared at all times, and the lad's thoughts surely raced a mile a minute. Paladin got a great deal of entertainment out of listening to him. He patted the piglet on her bandaged snout. "And tell me, just why is your little friend unhappy with you?" Pippin took a deep breath and Paladin knew his son was gearing up for a rather long explanation. "I guess because we were taking a stroll around the farmyard and Tulip told me we should go play on the new swing you made for us, but I wanted to do something else. So she agreed to go along with me, but only if what I wanted to do was something Mum would approve of, so then we got into a wee bit of a struggle over what we could do and what we probably shouldn't do, and Tulip told me not to do it but I did it anyway, and now here we are. Oh, and Tulip broke her nose." Pippin held up the two pieces of a pink button that was cracked in half, and waited for a reply. Paladin felt like his head was spinning. He gazed back at his son, his eyes wide, waiting for the rest of the explanation. "And?" "And, well, umm…then I wanted to try leaping down into the hay pile underneath the loft, but Tulip said it was too far for me to jump, but I said I thought I could do it-" "Wait," Paladin held up a hand to stop the flow of words. "Tulip was right, and you know it. Besides, you've been warned time and again not to try that. You never know what way you might land in the hay, or even miss it completely and hit the hard floor." Paladin touched the bandage on Pippin's forehead. "I'm glad you didn't hit it square on or this might be even bigger. It's far too easy for a small lad like you to get hurt, even if the pile is large." Pippin sighed. "I know. But I told Tulip that I just had to try it once. You know, because if I didn't ever try it I wouldn't know if I could do it and-" "And some things are better not tried the first time, Peregrin Took, or it might end up as the last time! What you did was dangerous and you were warned not to. So now, as your mother said, you're going to miss out on the fun at the barn dance tonight." "I can't dance but I can still have fun, Da!" "And do you think you should be allowed to go after disobeying us today?" Paladin raised an eyebrow. "Uh…I guess not." Pippin's face fell. "Someone has to stay home with you too, lad. And remember, whoever that is will miss out on the fun as well." "I know…" Pippin's voice trailed off. "But I'm really very sorry now, Da! And poor Tulip was looking forward to it so much." He looked up hopefully. "You wouldn't change your mind, would you?" "Ah well, I'm sure your piggy will understand." Paladin shook his head. "No, Pippin, I won't." "Hmph, Tulip isn't happy about that at all." "I suppose not." "She just told me it's all my fault." "Well, I don't really need to remind you that she's right, do I?" Pippin frowned. "What about the story, Da?" "Yes, well let's see. What kind of story do you want to hear?" "Something exciting, and scary, and filled with strange animals and faeries and, uh, well not something with a moral to the ending, all right?" "No morals? Pippin, every story has a moral, or a point, if you will. Else it wouldn't be a story." "Oh." Pippin's eyes flicked over to Tulip and he watched her face break into a huge grin right before she stuck her tongue out at him. He rolled his eyes and settled against his father's side. "All right. If you're certain it must." "I'm certain. Hmm, let me see." Paladin rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I know! I'm going to tell you the tale of poor Sammy-Lambie." "Sammy-Lambie?" Pippin asked uncertainly. Paladin nodded firmly. "Aye, Sammy-Lambie." "I don't remember ever hearing about him." "Well, he is no longer with us. And that-" "Is the moral of the story, isn't it Da?" Pippin sighed. "Very good, lad. Yes, you're correct." He squeezed Pippin in a hug, and then settled back into the pillows. "Now, I think it's important for both you and Tulip to listen to this story very carefully." Pippin nodded and patted Tulip's head. The piglet still rested on his father's lap and he wondered how long it would take before she decided to forgive him. "I feel awfully bad that Tulip got hurt today. I should have kept her safe." Pippin winced at the memory of their fall. Instead of leaping he'd wound up tripping in his hesitant attempt, and landed on top of her. Tulip's button nose was ground into the barn floor as they toppled off the hay pile. His head had hit the ground with a crack too, but the first jarring pain he'd been aware of was in the ankle that had twisted beneath him. "Mum's going to fix her nose." He examined the cracked button thoughtfully, turning it this way and that. "It must be dreadful to break your nose," he observed, and winced when Tulip informed him that he really had no idea! "Well, that's a relief!" Paladin gave his son a squeeze. "And I'm certain Tulip will appreciate it." He gazed at nothing in particular for a moment, before beginning his story. "Sammy-Lambie was a lovely, fat, fluffy white stuffed sheep that my mum gave me when I was a big lad, all of ten years old-" "Sammy-Lambie belonged to you?" Pippin's eyes widened. "What? And can't your old da have a stuffed toy when he was but a wee lad like you, hmm?" Pippin stifled his giggle with one hand. "I suppose so, but I have a difficult time…" "Imagining your father as ever having been your age, I know. Ahem! Sammy and