13 \/p> " Pippinand Tulip's Excellent Adventure" "Well, my wee piggy lass! And just where is your young master, hmm? 'Tis not like him to leave you lying about like this," Eglantine chuckled as she swept Tulip up from the hearthside. "Ah, I believe he must have forgot you after he finished filling up the kindling box for me." She fluffed the piglet up and brushed the dust off her before tucking the toy into her apron pocket. Eglantine set about her chores, making a mental note to remind Pippin not to leave his playthings so close to the fire. She clucked to herself as she began stripping the beds of the linens, thinking how upset her son would be if his piggy had been accidentally brushed onto the fire. Tulip rested inside the big pocket and Eglantine paid her no more mind. An hour later she carried another basket of wet clothes to hang on the line strung across the yard behind the farmhouse. Pearl joined her and they worked together in companionable silence. Finally, Eglantine straightened her back and glanced around. "Have you seen your brother lately? It seems to me he's being awfully quiet." Pearl grinned. "And we know all too well that a quiet Pippin could be a dangerous thing!" She reached for another sheet, shaking her head. "But, I'm afraid I haven't seen him since second breakfast, Mum." "Hmm." Eglantine scanned the area with a critical eye. Finding one small lad who most likely wasn't ready to be found just yet was a daunting task. "Ah well." She bent to pick up one of the baskets of dry clothing. "I expect he'll be along soon enough. Whenever his tummy starts reminding him it's almost time for luncheon." Pearl chuckled and followed with her own burden balanced on one hip. Neither of them noticed that Tulip had tumbled from Eglantine's pocket into one of the baskets of dry items. Inside the barn, Paladin was mixing a bucket of paint while Tomias Hornblower and the farmhand's younger brother Hammie, observed. His elbow brushed against the handle of the pail and sent it running down his front. "Och! For the love of…will you look at that! That's just perfect now, it is!" Paladin growled as he jumped back, but not nearly in time. Tomias and Hammie hid their grins. Grumbling under his breath, Paladin headed for the pump outside the door, stripping his shirt off as he went. As he started to run water into the bucket, the items blowing in the light breeze caught his eye. Wondering if there was perhaps a shirt amongst the washing, Paladin trotted over to the clothesline and spied the basket of fresh clothes that waited his wife's return. He scooped up the desired item and headed back to the barn. After washing the paint off himself under the pump, he pulled it on, and then frowned as his arm met with a lump inside the sleeve. He drew out the offending object and stared at Tulip, befuddled for a moment. Rolling his eyes, he couldn't help chuckling a bit at his son's favourite toy. "Well, and what have we here? Are you out for a stroll without your young master?" He pulled his shirt all the way on and then plopped the piglet down on top of a stack of hay bales. Paladin resumed his work and soon thoughts of Tulip were far from his mind. Awhile later, Tomias set about cleaning the stalls. He put his pitchfork aside and retrieved a small pink object from the fresh straw. "What is it, Tom?" asked his little brother. Hammish peered around the older lad's side. "Ah, 'tis Pippin's pet piggy, that's all," he laughed and showed it to him. The younger lad giggled and patted the tip of Tulip's snout. "Well, we'll just put her right up here until later. I'm sure Pip will be about looking for her any minute." Tomias placed Tulip on top of the stall he was cleaning and turned away. It wasn't long before Tulip tumbled once more. This time she landed on Orangeblossom's back. The cow didn't even startle at her soft visitor's arrival, she simply kept chewing her cud. Very little time passed before Pimpernel entered the barn looking for her father. She paused to pat her favourite cow and her eyes fell on the bundle of pale pink yarn decorating the back of the animal's ear like a great earring. "Oh my, who have we here?" Pimpernel grinned at her discovery. Tulip perched behind Orangeblossom's neck, appearing to whisper her secrets in the cow's ear. She plucked the errant piggy up and clucked over her. "I know someone who is going to be very glad to see you, my little knitted friend." Shaking her head in amusement, Nell tucked Tulip inside the bib of her apron and headed for the chicken coop. Presently, she exited the coop short one well-travelled piglet. Behind her, Tulip's green embroidered eyes seemed to stare accusingly at Pimpernel's back from her new spot inside a chicken's nest. The puzzled hen eyed her company cautiously. A moment later the door to the coop opened again and Periwinkle, the cook's assistant, entered. Humming a gay tune the lass collected the eggs quickly with her nimble fingers. She leaped back with a cry when she spied the pink intruder peeking out from behind the fat hen. "Oh! Mercy! Tulip, you gave me quite the fright, you did." Chuckling, she scooped the toy out of the nest and brushed the clinging straw off her as best she could. "Well now, and I know a lad who is most likely looking for you, young piggy! Let's be off then, aye? I'll help you find your little master." Periwinkle let Tulip ride atop the basket of eggs and left her in the pantry, seated amongst the smooth bounty while she went to look for Pippin. "I'll get the bread, Mum," called Pearl as Eglantine went outside to retrieve more of the wash. Pearl picked up the loaves of bread and reached for one of the big bowls on the low shelf when she spotted Tulip in the basket of eggs. "Tulip, why whatever are you doing in here? Hmm…" Pearl lifted the knitted piglet from the egg basket and transferred her to the sideboard as she passed it on her way to the table. On her next trip from the pantry she spotted Lily, Pippin's cat, sitting beside Tulip. "Shoo! Go on Lily! You know you're not allowed up there, you silly cat." Pearl brushed against Tulip as she passed and the piglet rolled away unnoticed. Lily watched the toy with interest to see if it would move on its own, like the mice she chased in the barn. When that didn't happen she decided to give the object a nudge with her paw. Tulip's wool stuck to her claws and Lily raised her foot and shook it. Tulip continued to dangle until Lily shook her paw again, much harder this time, and sent Tulip careening down the hallway. Her interest renewed, Lily set off after her prey and entertained herself by batting the piglet about. This game entertained her for some time, until she batted Tulip under the bed in Pervinca's room. Her interest turning elsewhere, Lily abandoned her playmate. "Where did I put it?" Vinca stopped and placed both hands on her hips and looked around her room with a frown. Her best hair ribbon had gone missing this morning and she was determined to find it. She looked on her bedside stand for the second time, finally dropping to her knees and poking about under her bed. Her face brightened when she pulled out her brother's favourite companion, and sat back on her heels. Turning the toy over in her hands she noted that Tulip was looking a little scruffy. She got a cloth from the cupboard next to the bathroom and wet it in the basin. Pervinca proceeded to give Tulip a much-needed sponge bath. Vinca hummed as she sponged and talked to the toy. "Why, I think you need something nice after your busy morning, Tulip my lass," she giggled. Pervinca pulled out some of her best doll clothes and dressed Tulip in a frilly pink frock. She stepped back to admire her handiwork. "There, don't you look lovely now. Come, you're invited to tea!" Pervinca gave Tulip the best spot at her dolls' table and set out her toy dishes and teapot. The new friends enjoyed their tea and biscuits. Hearing her mother calling, Vinca headed out of the room. Immediately, Dizzy entered. The hound, all feet and gangly legs, hurried over to lick up the crumbs from the toy dishes. Sniffing at Tulip he decided she smelled too good to resist and he grabbed her ear and took off running and sliding on the slick wooden floors. The front door opened and Dizzy ran out. "Hullo Diz! Why, what have you here?" Hammie removed the toy from the pup's mouth. He raised a brow at the rosy frock in which the piglet was now clad, and then tucked her beneath one of his braces just as he had seen Pippin do. He trotted off to look for him and return his toy. The lad bent to retrieve a rock to throw as he ambled along. He heard the warning flap of wings just a little too late. Pansy was a rather large goose, and she liked to throw her weight around. She headed straight for her target at a fair clip and nipped young Hammie solidly in the bum with her snapping bill. He yelped and whirled, sending Tulip flying off his shoulder. Pansy's attention turned to the airborne piglet and she snatched her up before Tulip hit the ground. The goose spun and scurried in the opposite direction. "Hoi! Wait, you dumb goose – you can't have her!" Hammie pursued her but after just one cross look from the fowl, the stinging in his rear caused him to rethink his plan. Pansy was one deadly goose when riled, after all. Let Pippin get his toy back himself! Pansy deposited the knitted piglet back inside the chicken coop, where Pimpernel found her a short time later. "Why, I wondered what happened to you," she exclaimed, bending to retrieve Tulip. "But…just where did you pick up this pink frock in your travels?" Pimpernel tilted her head in wonder. "Ah well, I imagine it's likely my little sister found you then, aye?" She laughed. "My, and what a trip around the farmyard you've been having, eh my wee lass?" Chuckling, Nell deposited her back inside her apron. "Now let's just see if you can make it all the way into the house this time, hmm?" Pimpernel settled Tulip on the stone that surrounded the kitchen hearth. "There, this is a nice cool place for you to wait for Pippin, now that the fire's gone out." With a last pat to her pink head, Nell turned to her other tasks. A little while later, Pippin entered the kitchen in search of his companion and found Tulip curled up asleep on the hearth. He lifted her up gently and stared wide-eyed at the frilly frock in which his piglet lass was clad. Darting a suspicious look around the room, he turned back to her and whispered, "Tulip, what happened to you? You're wearing a frock? I'm certain you weren't when I last saw you!" Tulip's mouth twitched in her amusement. She informed him she had a great deal to tell him later, but for now, it was simply good to see him. Eglantine bustled into the kitchen, her eyes falling on her son immediately. "Oh! Pippin, lad, remember now, I've told you never to leave your toys so close to the fire. Why, something could easily have happened to Tulip and you would be a most unhappy young hobbit if it had."