What Goes Around Comes Around The stream was very near the campsite, that's what was so great about it. It was easy to get a drink of water, to wash, to wade around in its crystal clear ripples. Fish were abundant. There were also some large boulders nearby which created the perfect hiding place for a little hobbit to remain concealed and take in the goings-on about him. Not that he would spy on anyone of course. Pippin just had to be Pippin, wherever he was, whatever the outcome. He also surely wouldn't mean to make trouble for himself either, if he were to saunter down here alone, just to see whatever he might. Then, there was that shiny thing he'd glimpsed just to the other side of the largest boulder. He wanted to get closer to it and find out just what it was. For some reason Pippin could not quite fathom, he decided he needed to do it alone. That notion just tickled away at the back of his inventive and mischievous little mind and he simply could not escape its grasp. Ah yes, the stream was a marvelous place to play, and Pippin had plans. The Fellowship had been forced to take an extra day's respite. While struggling across the rocky ground the pony had stepped badly, placing a strain on his leg. In order to prevent poor Bill from becoming lame they had made the difficult decision to stop for an additional day, and were taking advantage of a cavern's shelter. Its proximity to the stream made the location more than ideal for an extra day's camping and the weary travellers were grateful for even a brief reprieve. Evening was falling fast. "Aragorn," shouted Gimli from the clearing, "I'm going to scout a wee bit on this side of the stream, just to see what's about." Aragorn waved him on. "Do not lose your way back, Master Dwarf. The night will be dark, with little moonlight." Gimli scoffed at this, "What, me lose my way? Next you'll be suggesting that my mother was an elf!" he chuckled as he disappeared from their sight. Grinning at Legolas, Aragorn shook his head and squatted to stir the fire Sam had built. "Bit of a chill to the air tonight, wouldn't you agree, Strider?" Sam looked up from the pot he was stirring and reached for some herbs to add to the stew. Aragorn nodded in agreement. "Certainly a night to stick close to a warm fire Sam. Speaking of which, where are the others?" "Mr Frodo and his cousins? I believe they went on down to the stream for various reasons, before it gets dark you know." "I see. Well I hope they won't be too long. As I told Gimli, this night will be dark indeed. I wouldn't want anyone to get lost in the woods." "Aye," agreed Sam. "Don't worry Strider, they'll be back soon. Supper is nearly ready." Boromir had taken up a spot near the fire and was mending his pack. Gandalf removed the long-stemmed pipe from his mouth and gazed at him thoughtfully. Boromir sensed the wizard's eyes upon him and looked up questioningly. Gandalf smiled. "I was merely admiring your skill with a sewing needle." Boromir chuckled at Gandalf's comment. "I have many skills that will serve us well on this journey." Gandalf raised an eyebrow. "Indeed?" Their quiet conversation continued as Aragorn stood at the cavern entrance, keeping watch on their surroundings. Frodo was leaning over the rocks watching the small waterfall created by the boulders in the stream with interest. Where the water ran off the outcroppings a slippery and rather treacherous area had been created. "Wouldn't it be fun to take this log and just float down the stream on it!" Pippin was already pushing a large limb out into the water. "Pip, it's far too cold tonight to be playing around in the water. Just leave it be," Merry offered reasonably. "Oh, come now! Just one little trip down the stream. It isn't deep here…." "No Pip!" Merry was not feeling particularly patient with his cousin's antics and fastened a look of severe disapproval upon him that Pippin chose to ignore. He continued pushing the log down the rocks and into the water, chattering away as he went. Merry and Frodo shared a meaningful look and then reached out and hauled their little cousin back onto solid ground. Pippin sputtered at them. "Hey! What'd you do that for? I just want to have a wee bit of fun. There's plenty of time before it gets dark you know!" "I said no, Pip. It's too cold and you'd fall in anyway and then we'd wind up getting wet coming in after you." "Oh, Merry. You're being far too cautious and no fun at all. Why I'll bet….." "Stop this now, or I'll tell Aragorn what you are up to!" Frodo interrupted firmly. His voice softened and he placed an arm around Pippin's shoulder. "Have a little sense Pip – that water is ice cold and night is coming on fast." Pippin glanced about uncertainly. "Well, maybe I'll try it in the daylight then." He was not to be put off easily. Frodo and Merry both shook their heads. "No, you will not try it in the morning or we will still tell Aragorn," Merry asserted. Pippin sighed. "Oh, all right then, I'll let it alone for now. You two are being no fun at all." I'm still coming back later and have a closer look at that shiny spot in the little pool, he thought. Keep your plans to yourself now lad ! Pippin contented himself by climbing back onto the rocks near the little waterfall and planning his strategy for later. Gimli came wandering out of the woods at that point. "Lads," he called to them, "Come! It's getting late and the evening meal is about ready." "All right, Gimli, we're coming." Frodo gestured at the others to follow as he hurried after the dwarf, Merry following closely behind. Pippin watched them go, a twinkle of amusement in his green eyes. Good! Maybe I can have a little look-see right now then. He lay down on his stomach and contemplated the water, edging ever closer to his goal over the slippery rocks and began using his hand to root around in the shallow water. One thing Merry and Frodo were right about , he mused. This water is freezing! Merry was trudging along with the others. "Now Pip, won't it be much nicer to get back to a warm fire and a good supper instead of getting all wet in that stream? Aren't you glad we kept you out of the water?" Merry looked over his shoulder when his cousin failed to answer him and realized that Pippin was not with them. Letting loose a sigh of the long-suffering he whirled around and stomped back to the stream where he encountered the unwelcome but not unexpected sight of Pippin splayed across the boulder, his bum up in the air and his head down, fingers waving through the cold water as if in search of something. Merry paused for only a moment and then crept up on his wayward cousin with a gleam in his eye. He pounced, collaring Pippin and hauling him down. "What are you doing? You were supposed to be right behind us!" "Merry, I was coming you know. I just wanted to have another look--" "Enough looking, Pip. Come on!" Merry began to walk faster until they caught up to the others. Frodo glanced at them in amusement when he noticed that Merry had a firm hold on Pippin's shirt collar. He rolled his eyes at Gimli, who grinned. The fire glowed invitingly as the Fellowship gathered around for the evening meal. Frodo studied the glowing embers, becoming lost in his own thoughts. Sam watched Frodo, concerned that his mood seemed somewhat somber. Aragorn studied both of them, also deep in thought. They remained unaware of the Ranger's close scrutiny. So much depends on this little one, he mused. How can we make his path a bit less burdened? Frodo grows more restless and serious with each passing day. The Ring weighs heavily upon him. We must do all we are able to help lighten his burden. Aragorn turned slightly to where Boromir crouched near the fire speaking quietly with Gandalf, and then looked about the campsite and studied the faces of his companions one by one. Much that lies ahead is unknown. One thing is certain. It will not be an easy road. His eyes wandered and finally met with Legolas's, who smiled in understanding. Aragorn wearily returned the smile. "Well then, how about some of those stories we were promised earlier?" Sam attempted to lighten the mood and favored Frodo with a crooked grin. "You always have some interesting tales to tell, Mr Frodo." Frodo looked up from the fire as all eyes fell upon him. He smiled, perfectly aware of what Sam was doing. A twinkle lit up his blue eyes and he glanced around the circle at the expectant faces. "Hmm. I don't know if I can recall any just now." His gaze settled on his young cousin. "But Pip, surely you are able to regale us with an interesting tale or two?" Pippin looked thoughtfully at Frodo for a moment and then glanced mischievously at Merry. "Well now, I don't know. Hmm… let's see." Pippin rubbed his chin and looked up at the cavern ceiling as though deep in thought. "There are so many good stories it's hard to narrow them down." His expression brightened. "I know! There was the time that Merry made a bet with the other lads that if we offered Fatty Bolger enough money he'd do just about anything--" Merry groaned loudly. "Pip…" "Like put a fly in his mouth." A round of chuckling began from the group. Boromir laughed. "Oh, I have to hear this one!" "No you don't," Merry's voice was cross. "Pippin, tell something on yourself for a change why don't you?" Pippin ignored him and warmed to his tale immediately. "Well, you've got to understand how Fredegar Bolger feels about the value of coin in his hand. It's really something he sets a great deal of store by." Pippin grinned at his red-faced cousin. "So, Merry was wondering just how much old Fatty would consider it worthwhile to earn himself a bit of coin by accepting an outrageous dare. You see, the more outlandish the dare, the more money it was worth!" Frodo was grinning ear to ear by now. "Oh yes! It didn't end so well for poor Fatty. Or for poor Merry, for that matter." Frodo turned to his cousin, "And how long was it before you could sit down again, poor lad?" More laughter from the circle of companions and Merry scowled at his cousin. "I definitely feel we should instead be hearing more young Frodo stories. Oh! I have a good one! This is really funny! Remember when--" "Oh no!" Frodo chuckled and held up a hand to forestall Merry's argument. "We've heard enough about me over the last few nights. Come Pippin! Tell your story." Pippin looked smug as he began again. "The rest of us bet he wouldn't do it for anything but Merry just knew that he would. So he and Cousin Berilac started to take up a collection. All the lads and even a few of the lasses from all around Budgeford threw in some coins. Pippin glanced at his embarrassed cousin before turning back to the group once more. "Of course, you couldn't blame Merry that much for instigating the whole thing. After all, he was just an immature tween when he did it." Merry frowned. "I did have a bit of help, you know! Besides, it really was all that foolish Berilac's idea in the first place--" "Oh, I am sure that